Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 187 - Frightening Forger

The private room of the restaurant was very large. However, it was insufficient to contain all of the weapons and equipment that Shi Feng had taken out. The entire room was cramped with items right now. After counting for a long while, Aqua Rose finally had a firm grasp on the number of weapons and equipment that Shi Feng had brought.

Among them, there were over 200 Level 8 and above Bronze Weapons, over 300 pieces of Level 8 and above Bronze Equipment, 70 Level 9 and above Mysterious-Iron Weapons, 80 pieces of Level 9 and above Mysterious-Iron Equipment, and 20 Level 10 Silver Dawns.

There was close to a total of 700 weapons and pieces of equipment. With this much equipment, Aqua Rose would have no problems gearing up even a 100-man team.

The Attributes of the Silver Dawns were especially frightening. Compared to the Giant Bear Waraxe that Brilliant Wargod had, the Silver Dawn’s Attributes were much stronger.

Twilight Echo had sacrificed many of their elite members to obtain Brilliant Wargod’s Level 9 Giant Bear Waraxe. After all, it was only a normal occurrence to lose over twenty elite players when dealing with a Chieftain ranked field Boss.

Chieftain ranked field Bosses were extremely rare in God’s Domain and meeting one all depended on luck. Moreover, after meeting one, sacrifices were necessary to bring it down. This was the exchange of the lives of the Guild’s elites for equipment, and it was a huge loss to the Guild.

Yet, Shi Feng casually displayed twenty Secret-Silver Weapons.

Aqua Rose no longer knew how to describe Shi Feng. Despite having an immeasurably high strength, his standards as a forger were also at their apex, as Aqua Rose had yet to hear news of any player forging a Secret-Silver ranked item. Shi Feng’s existence simply caused others despair.

At the same time, Aqua Rose had finally come to an understanding of just how frightening a forger could be.

If any Guild could have a forger like Shi Feng, that Guild would not have to worry about trying to obtain equipment. As long as they had the forging designs, they could have whatever equipment they wanted, and at any time they wanted it. There would be no need for them to waste tremendous effort to kill Bosses. Moreover, killing an extremely powerful Boss would only yield several pieces of equipment. On the other hand, as long as a forger had the materials, they could create as many pieces of equipment as they wanted; it was much faster and more convenient.

“Miss Aqua, you look a little pale. Are you alright?” Shi Feng looked at the dazed Aqua Rose, asking with concern.

“Me?” As Aqua Rose regained her senses, she involuntarily wiped the sweat from her forehead, “I’m fine. Why would I have any problems?”

“Is it possible that Miss Aqua cant afford this many weapons and equipment? If this is so, just pick as many as you can,” Shi Feng could sympathize with Aqua Rose’s situation. After all, even a first-rate Guild could not buy up all this equipment in one go, not to mention Aqua Rose by herself.

“Master Black Flame, I want all of these items. However, can we carry out the transaction with Credits? Otherwise, if I give Master Black Flame all of my Gold Coins, I would starve,” Aqua Rose smiled bitterly.

There were so many good items before her eyes, and it would be a sin not to gobble all of them up right now.

What did the various large Guilds lack the most? The answer was obvious: high-level weapons and equipment. Level 8 and above weapons and equipment just so happened to be what Guilds lacked the most.

Just a single piece of Level 8 Bronze Equipment was worth well over 20 Silvers on the market right now. Level 8 Bronze Weapons even sold for 30 Silvers or more, while Level 9 Mysterious-Iron Equipment was worth 50 Silvers or more, and Level 9 Mysterious-Iron Weapons sold for 80 Silvers or more. As for the Level 10 Secret-Silver Weapons, the Silver Dawns, they were priceless treasures, and not a single person out there would willingly sell one.

If a price were truly to be set, with the Silver Dawn’s Attributes, at the very least, it would sell for 2 Gold Coins or more. Twenty Silver Dawns would then equate 40 Gold Coins. That was nearly half of all the game currency Aqua Rose owned. Moreover, this was the lowest price for the Silver Dawn. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

“That’s fine as well. I’ll just take these forging materials, in addition to 50 Gold, to cover for a portion of the bill. You can pay the remainder using Credits,” Shi Feng spoke after giving it some thought.

“This...” Aqua Rose hesitated for a long time. In the end, however, she gnashed her teeth as she agreed, saying, “Alright; I understand.”

Hearing Shi Feng’s words, Aqua Rose really wished that she could recruit Shi Feng. In just a few moments, Shi Feng had taken away a greater half of the Gold Coins she had earned after much effort. Aqua Rose felt extreme frustration in her heart.

However, Aqua Rose suddenly discovered that she truly did not possess anything that could attract Shi Feng to her side. Regarding weapons and equipment, as a forger, Shi Feng did not lack any of these, to begin with. His money-earning capabilities were obvious. As for status, although he was simply a nobody right now, the moment the name of the Black Flame Forger spread, his status would become undeniably grand, earning the respect of others.

The only thing remaining was a girlfriend. If Shi Feng did not have one right now, there were plenty of great beauties in Aqua Rose’s elite team. Every one of them possessed beauty that could easily move one’s heart, and their bodies were all curved in the right places. Plenty of men often tried to court these women. Aqua Rose would be rich if she could get one of her team’s beauties to hook up Shi Feng.

However, it would be unquestionably foolish if she asked Shi Feng this question right now. She could only wait until their relationship grew before digging for some hints.

If Shi Feng knew the thoughts Aqua Rose had in her head right now, she would probably frighten him away. After all, who would have thought that the elegant and cheerful Aqua Rose could be so cunning?

Very quickly, the two of them completed their transaction.

Aside from obtaining the 43 Gold’s worth of materials from selling the equipment, Shi Feng also obtained an additional 50 Gold Coins and over 2 million Credits.

Just by striving for three short days, Shi Feng had instantly multiplied the ten plus Gold he had initially spent by more than ten folds. Shi Feng had made a huge profit from this trade. This time, regarding Gold Coins, Shi Feng had once again become the richest person in White River City.

Meanwhile, Aqua Rose was also greatly pleased. With this many weapons and equipment, she could greatly strengthen her own legion and very quickly turn it into the number one legion in Twilight Echo. At that time, her right to speak would also grow, while those elders would no longer dare speak nonsense in front of her.

“Master Black Flame, let’s schedule next trade for four days from now? It just so happens to coincide with the day the Blackwing Auction will be held. What do you think?” Without realizing it, Aqua Rose treated Shi Feng as a good friend now.

“Alright. I can also save the number of uses left on the pass,” Shi Feng nodded in agreement. He had earned simply too much this time. He also needed quite some time to forge new weapons and equipment. Now that Aqua Rose had yet to obtain additional Blackwing City passes, it was also beneficial to have a time extension.

Soon after, the two parted ways. Shi Feng then went to purchase more Frost Grenades. This time, he bought a full stack of 200 Intermediate Frost Grenades for 18 Gold. He also bought five stacks of 1,000 Basic Frost Grenades for 13 Gold, 50 Silver. In just a short moment, he had spent 31 Gold, 50 Silver. However, Shi Feng did not feel any heartache over it as the money he obtained from Aqua Rose just now was simply the tip of the iceberg.

The true iceberg was still within his grasp with the incomparably popular Hard Stone. To Aqua Rose, Whetstones were neither rare nor special. After all, being from the Ore Country, such items were available in abundance. The number of forgers there was as plentiful as the hairs on an ox, so they were not particularly desperate for such items. However, it was a different story for the Star-Moon Kingdom with the various Guilds in the White River City region who were desperately trying to level up.

These Guilds were in desperate need of Hard Stones. Yet, it was just too difficult to obtain any. They might even go bald from over-worrying right now.

As for after these Guilds entered White River City, Shi Feng did not need to worry that these Guilds would suddenly halt their need for Whetstones.

Even after everyone entered White River City, the issue of durability would still plague them. It might even become a much more serious issue. Hence, Shi Feng did not worry in the slightest that he could not sell his Hard Stones. He merely had to decide at what price he would sell them for.

Just as Shi Feng was about to return to White River City, Blackie suddenly sent news.

“Brother Feng, this is not good! Right now, all of the Guilds within the White River City region are looking for you. They say that if you do not give an explanation on the official forums, all the Guilds within the White River City region will add us to the wanted list!”