Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 188 - You Are Digging Your Own Grave!

After reading Blackie’s message, Shi Feng was confused.

Why would the Guilds within the White River City region suddenly look for trouble with them for no reason? Moreover, they even wanted an explanation.

What did they want him to explain?

However, Shi Feng did not pay further attention to this matter. It would be better for him to get the details after he returned to White River City. Hence, he took out the Seven Luminaries Crystal, teleporting to White River City.

---

Level 10 monster area, White Sand Ruins.

A 40-man elite team was currently clearing Level 10 Desert Twin-headed Snakes. Every member of the team took action in an organized fashion, and very quickly, the team dispatched all of the tens of Desert Twin-headed Snakes, turning them into an abundance of EXP.

This elite team belonged to the Guild, Martial Union, chased out of Red Leaf Town by Shi Feng. Meanwhile, the leader of this team none other than Unstable Devastation.

“Boss Unstable, the deed is done. I’ve already told them the conditions, pros, and cons. At that time, we’ll share the secret Shi Feng used to reach Level 10 quickly. Currently, there are a total of eight unrated Guilds that have agreed to enter our little alliance,” an Assassin came running, reporting.

“Good; you’ve done well!” Unstable Devastation laughed with a smirk on his face. He then said confidently, “Ye Feng, you are the one courting death! You actually dared ignore my words! Now, the entire White River City region has discovered the leveling secret you used to reach Level 10! I’ve also established my own alliance. Whether you reveal that leveling secret or not, you will be finished!”

When Shi Feng had utterly rejected him, Unstable Devastation had been sent into a daze for a long time. He did not think that Shi Feng would act so decisively.

However, since Unstable Devastation could not control Shi Feng through threats, he could only use a more strenuous method to deal with Shi Feng, publicizing the matter about this secret to all of the other Guilds. Now that the competition between the various large Guilds was so intense, every one of these Guilds worked towards swiftly raising their members’ levels to Level 10. Meanwhile, Shi Feng possessed a leveling secret that could allow these Guilds to achieve such a feat, so these various large Guilds would naturally want it.

After all, while the other Guilds still worried over the matter of reaching Level 10, Shi Feng’s entire team was already Level 10 and currently developed themselves further in White River City. Their situations were worlds apart. Currently, Shi Feng’s team occupied all of the resources available in White River City. With that access, they could increase the gap even further. By the time the majority of the players in the White River City region entered White River City, Shi Feng’s team may already occupy all the high-level resource areas available in the city. How were other players supposed to mingle in White River City then?

That was to say, if any Guild could obtain Shi Feng’s leveling secret, they would become a tyrant in White River City in the future.

With such a temptation in sight, who could resist?

Not to mention, Shi Feng was merely an independent player. He did not have the protection of any major power. God’s Domain was still not kind enough to allow a weakling exclusive monopoly on treasures. With treasures up for grabs, how could any of these Guilds let go of this chance? They would do whatever they could to snatch it.

As for obtaining the leveling secret through fair trade, it was an impossible notion. After all, the initial criterion for a fair trade was that both parties had to be of equal power. How could a single independent player possibly equal a large Guild?

If Shi Feng did not obediently hand the leveling secret over, there would only be a single ending for him – Death!

However, even if he handed it over, death would still be the only thing awaiting him. This was the sorrow of weaklings.

At this moment, even Unstable Devastation pitied Shi Feng. However, who told this fool to refuse his ‘kind’ suggestion?

---

White River City, Trade Area, Bank.

The moment Shi Feng returned to White River City, he immediately emptied all of the forging materials he had on him into the bank. Seeing over ten thousand slots of his warehouse full to the brim, Shi Feng could not help but grow emotional. After all, in his previous life, he did not possess such a rich and spectacular warehouse. He wondered just how much money he could make if he sold all of these items. At the very least, it should be enough to serve as his Guild’s reserve funds.

In actuality, Shi Feng’s current fame could allow him to establish a Guild easily. However, Shi Feng chose to do it surely, but steadily. He should first deal with the welfare of the Guild. After finishing that, the Guild he established would shock the world, and no power out there would be able to touch them. Even if those third-rate and second-rate Guilds wished to suppress his Guild, they could not stop his Guild’s swift development. After all, his Guild would already possess a sturdy foundation and huge funding at that time; a small skirmish would not easily destroy it.

After he finished tidying up his warehouse, Shi Feng opened his system message log, taking a look at what was actually going on.

Previously, to prevent Unstable Devastation from disturbing his trade, Shi Feng had set his system communication and messages to prevent strangers from disturbing him. However, he did not think that so much would occur during the time he did so.

Compared to when he entered White River City, the messages he now received exceeded 10,000. Independent players had sent a majority of them, while various Guilds had sent the minority.

After reading a few of these messages, Shi Feng managed to grasp the general gist of what these players wanted.

A majority of these players wanted to privately purchase his strategy of quickly reaching to Level 10, while a minority of them directly demanded that Shi Feng hand the strategy over. Naturally, this minority consisted of Guild representatives. Every one of the words in their messages contained force. Although they did not use threatening words, their intent was unmistakable. They told Shi Feng to do whatever he saw fit, but he would have to take responsibility for the consequences.

Meanwhile, the demand for an explanation posted on the forums was also the doing of these Guilds. They were clearly trying to force him into a corner.

Fortunately, however, the Guilds that had directly suggested that Shi Feng hand over the leveling strategy were all unrated, without a single rated Guild among them.

“Unstable Devastation,” Shi Feng’s brows wrinkled, a chilling battle intent shone in his eyes.

This was a scheme concocted by Unstable Devastation in order to push him down to a hell beyond salvation.

From the experiences in his past life, Shi Feng clearly understood a single matter.

A hungry ghost could never devour enough[1].

“Hmm? Even Shadow is trying to have a part in this?” Shi Feng found a new post on the forums. It was a declaration of alliance made by Unstable Devastation and several other Guilds. They requested Shi Feng to hand over his leveling strategy to satisfy everyone. Otherwise, they would impose a sanction on him. Meanwhile, Shadow was among the several Guilds that had joined this alliance.

Immediately, plenty of people showed their support for Unstable Devastation. They all wanted Shi Feng to hand over his leveling strategy, benefiting everyone.

Shi Feng simply smiled. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Did they really take him for someone who could be easily bullied, someone they could mold in the palm of their hands? If Gentle Snow possessed this leveling secret, these Guilds and players would have long since shut their mouths. Rather, they would cheer and sing her praises.

Immediately after, Shi Feng created a post on the forums.

Selling the leveling strategy to reach Level 10 quickly for 10 billion Credits! All insincere buyers will be ignored!

Shi Feng then set aside the official forums, looking at the time. It was nearing dawn in the real world, so Shi Feng promptly logged off to rest.

However, Shi Feng’s post had instantly become popular. Almost everybody paid attention to it when they saw Shi Feng’s asking price of 10 billion. Those who had previously wanted Shi Feng to publicly disclose the strategy for free now cursed even more fervently.

Ten billion Credits? Why don’t you die instead!

Unstable Devastation and other unknown Guilds had all involuntarily cursed the moment they saw Ye Feng’s post. This Ye Feng had simply gone insane for money. Which fool out there would spend 10 billion Credits to buy a garbage strategy?

However, anyone smart enough could easily discern Shi Feng’s true intentions.

Naturally, these Guilds also understood what Shi Feng tried to say. This was Shi Feng’s way of indirectly sending them a message, saying, “Want this secret for free?”

“Dream on!”

Without a doubt, Shi Feng declared war with these Guilds.

“Ye Feng, you are digging your own grave!” Unstable Devastation spoke in rage, though his tone carried with it a hint of gloating.

He was furious due to Shi Feng ridiculing him for being poor, while he was happy as there were over 30 Guilds who would deal with Shi Feng. Even if Shi Feng were amazing, he would still be finished the moment these Guilds entered White River City.

Unless, of course, Shi Feng could repeat the scene from last time, banishing all of these Guilds from White River City.

However, was that possible?

TL Notes:

[1]A hungry ghost could never devour enough: signifying that greed is endless.