Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 197 - Crazy Stone Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Although Unstable Devastation was not considerably well-known, he was still one of the upper echelons of Martial Union. He was also arch-enemies with Shi Feng, and he had recently revealed one of Shi Feng’s big secrets. So, there were quite a number of people who knew about him.

Nobody would have thought that Unstable Devastation would publicly apologize to Shi Feng.

Many people were stunned when they read Unstable Devastation’s message.

Martial Union was obviously a large Guild, yet, they had actually submitted to a lone independent player. Although such incidents had occurred before in past virtual reality games, the total occurrences could definitely be counted on one hand. Above all, God’s Domain was a game that had just recently released.

At this stage of the game, the difference in strength between players would mainly display itself in terms of techniques, and this difference could easily be overcome using the advantage in numbers. Yet, Unstable Devastation had succumbed to Shi Feng. It was simply unbelievable.

“Can someone tell me just what is going on here?”

“Wah! Is this going to be the uprising of independent players?”

“As expected of my idol, Ye Feng! What’s so great about Guilds? Haven’t they succumbed to strength all the same?”

Chaos ensued in the official forums of the White River City region. Unstable Devastation’s message was like a small pebble thrown into a tranquil pond, generating ripples that spread out in all directions. As a result, players on the forum posted their own opinions, especially the independent players.

No matter which virtual reality game they were in, Guild players and independent players would frequently conflict with each other. However, this could not be helped. After all, to surpass others, one must obtain more resources. Naturally, Guilds would occupy these resources. Meanwhile, the independent players who lacked strength could only retreat in the face of these Guilds. Thus, it created conflicts.

Now that an independent player like Shi Feng had made a large Guild submit to him, this incident received an unquestionably huge response from many independent players.

However, to the alliance of Guilds that planned a crusade against Shi Feng, this matter was just like a bomb filled with peril.

Unstable Devastation, the leader who started this alliance and planned this crusade, had actually chosen to withdraw from the alliance. Moreover, he did not even speak a word about this incident. Just what sort of power could cause Unstable Devastation to react in such a way? This incident struck panic into the other Guilds of this small alliance.

“Brother Zhang, what should we do?” Flaming Tiger quietly asked.

Due to Unstable Devastation’s shocking actions, the various Guilds in the small alliance started feeling insecure.

Zhang Luowei fell deep into thought for some time before saying, “Let’s not involve ourselves just yet. We’ll wait until we are all in White River City before we deal with this matter. However, for him to force a person like Unstable Devastation to submit, I have truly underestimated this Ye Feng. Tell Ling Feilong to get in touch with Ye Feng; see if he can get Ye Feng to join Shadow. Although Shadow has only recently started its development, our resources are plenty. Tell Ling Feilong this; as long as Ye Feng agrees, I can give Ye Feng an elder position, an annual salary of a million Credits, and 10% of the Workshop’s shares.”

Flaming Tiger was stunned. He admitted that he was not Shi Feng’s opponent and that Shi Feng’s skills were a level higher than his, but wasn’t this promise a little too great?

Not only could an elder of the Guild live leisurely, but the authority they wielded was also great. Aside from Brother Lan and Zhang Luowei, Shi Feng would have the highest authority in Shadow, not to mention an annual salary of a million Credits and 10% of the Workshop’s shares. Even Flaming Tiger only had a minimum monthly salary of 20,000 Credits.

Flaming Tiger simply could not understand why they had to pay such a huge price to recruit Shi Feng.

However, he did not have a say in this matter, so he could only do as he was told.

---

White River City, Trade Area.

After returning to White River City, Shi Feng first headed towards the Bank. He retrieved 500 stacks of Hard Stones, intending to sell only a portion of his stock for now.

Due to the great increase in the Hard Stones’ demand, the price had already reached Shi Feng’s estimation of 10 Silver Coins per stack. Although this price would still rise later, it was already close to the limit players could handle.

These 500 stacks of Hard Stones were only a small portion of the Hard Stones Shi Feng owned. Just based on the amount of Hard Stones that Shi Feng had constantly purchased before, his stock exceeded 10,000 stacks. This was also one of the reasons why the various large Guilds in White River City could not purchase any Hard Stones. Shi Feng had purchased all of these Hard Stones when the prices were at their lowest, and he only paid around 30 Gold Coins for them. However, their current value far exceeded their initial cost.

After selling these 500 stacks, it should be about time to bring Blackie and the others to raid the Level 10 Team Dungeon, the Goblin Factory. Shi Feng inwardly planned.

Although Blackie and Lonely Snow’s levels were high, the overall equipment they had was subpar at best. The same went for Shi Feng’s equipment. However, at least his was the best Swordsman Set Equipment for players Level 10 and below. His teammates’ equipment, on the other hand, could only be described as miserable.

As of this moment, there were already more than 500 players who had reached Level 10 and had their names etched on the Ranking List of the White River City region. Which was to say, there were already more than 500 players who had entered White River City. A majority of these players were members of well-known Guilds. Aside from doing some quests in White River City right now, these players’ main objective remained Dungeon raiding, as Dungeons were the best source for good equipment. Only with good equipment would these players level up with greater efficiency.

Hence, plenty of Guilds had already started diving into Dungeons.

White River City was different from towns. God’s Domain only truly began after players reached Level 10 and the city. As for the town-life players experienced at the start of the game, it was merely an introduction to life in God’s Domain.

There were plenty of Level 10 Dungeons throughout the White River City region. The number of Level 10 to Level 12 Party Dungeons exceeded 20, and their raiding difficulty varied greatly. Meanwhile, 10-man Level 10 Team Dungeons numbered slightly lower, but there were still 12 such Dungeons available. As for Level 10 large-scale Dungeons, there were 3 within the White River City region.

As long as one successfully raided one of these three large Dungeons, they could activate the Card Set exchange system. The value of Card Sets would also be at their highest when that time came.

Meanwhile, after entering White River City, the normal raiding procedure for players began with the Party Dungeons to upgrade their equipment. They would then proceed to small-scale Team Dungeons and finally, the Level 10 large-scale Dungeons. Right now, many Guilds had already started raiding small Dungeons and were continuously upgrading their equipment. Eventually, all the Guilds in White River City would have only one goal: obtaining the First Clear of one of the three large-scale Team Dungeons.

A team could only obtain the First Clear by clearing the Hell Mode of the Dungeon. Moreover, the First Clear of large-scale Team Dungeons was slightly different from that of small-scale Team Dungeons. The achievement would not only be announced throughout the White River City region, but it would also be announced throughout the entire Star-Moon Kingdom. It was one of the best ways to increase one’s fame throughout the Star-Moon Kingdom, and it was also a display of a Guild’s strength.

Hence, large-scale Dungeons were considered the true battlegrounds for the various large Guilds.

Meanwhile, for these Guilds who frequently battled inside Dungeons, Whetstones would become one of their strategic supplies. This situation would further increase these Guilds’ need for Hard Stones, causing the price of Hard Stones to soar once again.

Thus, Shi Feng chose to sell his stock of Hard Stones at this time.

Right now, Shi Feng was not focused on conquering the large-scale Team Dungeons. He knew his own limits, and he would not try to compete with those well-known Guilds. His goal right now was only to conquer the Level 15 small-scale Team Dungeon, the Demon’s Castle. However, regarding strength or numbers, his team was still far from capable of raiding the Demon’s Castle. They needed some upgrades before they could rise to that challenge.

Arriving at the Auction House of White River City, Shi Feng casually took a seat in the corner and opened the Auction House’s system interface. He then selected to sell his wares within the White River City region. That way, he would not need to foot such a large fee. Similar to selling at a town’s Auction House, only players within the White River City region could see the items he placed on auction.

As for selling the Hard Stones to the other cities, Shi Feng had never intended to do so. Just the expensive handling fee alone would greatly reduce his profits. Not to mention, the other cities were not as much in need of Hard Stones as White River City, so the prices the stones would sell for much less.

Shi Feng first placed ten stacks of Hard Stones on auction with a minimum price of 10 Silver Coins per stack and a buyout price of 12 Silver Coins. He did so to take a look at the results. If he placed all 500 stacks up for auction at once, it could drastically affect the market; Hard Stones’ prices would plummet. Hence, he would slowly sell off his stock, carrying out hunger marketing.

As expected, before even a minute had passed, all ten stacks of Hard Stones sold. Moreover, they had been purchased at the buyout price of 12 Silvers. There wasn’t even a competition to speak of.

“It can’t be, right?” Shi Feng was stunned when he received the notification from the Auction House.

Such a great demand had far exceeded his expectations. Although he knew that there was a shortage of Hard Stones right now, he never thought that someone would pay 12 Silvers without hesitation. This was simply insane!

Did these people not know that one Silver Coin could be exchanged for 107 Credits right now?

Spending an additional 2 Silver coins would be the equivalent of spending 214 Credits. To a fresh university graduate, that would be a tenth of their monthly salary.