Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2007 – Ring of Gospel Upgraded

The moment Shi Feng entered the circle of the twelve light pillars, the attacks stopped. Seeing this, he breathed out a sigh of relief.

At this moment, he had less than 10% of his HP remaining. He would’ve definitely died had he suffered a few more rounds of attacks.

Fortunately, he possessed the Skill Blade Dance. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to cross the final 20 yards.

Not only did Blade Dance allow him to control additional swords_up to a maximum of five_that could exhibit 80% of his Basic Attributes, but the additional swords would also exhibit their own Attributes. This was the reason why Netherworld Brilliance could deflect the beam attacks, which carried Strength at the Tier 4 standard. The extra swords would be much more powerful than the Abyssal Blade phantoms summoned using Nine Dragons Slash. Since Shi Feng had Twofold Berserk activated, Netherworld Brilliance displayed Strength close to rivaling ordinary Mythic monsters of the same level.

If not for Blade Dance and Netherworld Brilliance, he definitely wouldn’t have gotten a single step past the 20-yard mark, doomed to be whittled to death by the beam attacks.

I wonder what is inside this Treasure Chest to warrant such a test? Even a Domain Realm expert would’ve died to those beam attacks without any achievements in the Realms of Truth. Even now, when Shi Feng looked at the twelve light pillars hovering above him, he still shuddered involuntarily in fear.

The difficulty of this quest definitely surpassed that of the Epic rank. Shi Feng found it hard to believe that a player below Level 80 had managed to complete the quest After all, even he, someone who had reached the second stage in the Realms of Truth, had to rely on three swords to defend himself—and just barely passed.

After resting for a while, he carefully approached the Treasure Chest made entirely of Seven Luminaries Crystals. He then tapped his finger on the chest and chose to activate it

Immediately, a loading bar appeared before his eyes.

The instant the loading bar filled up and the Treasure Chest opened, the twelve light pillars hovering overhead transformed into twelve streaks of light that flowed into the Treasure Chest, which then released a colorful glow. Shortly afterward, Shi Feng felt a horrific pressure coming from the Treasure Chest

This pressure spread out like a boundless ocean. Shi Feng could not move his body at all, not until after the pressure started lightening up.

Meanwhile, once the colorful glow disappeared, the items inside the Treasure Chest came into view.

The Treasure Chest held a total of three items. One was a Rubik’s Cube made of Seven Luminaries Crystal, one was an orb that gave off a fiery glow, and one was a crystal that gave off a dazzling purple glow.

No wonder the test was so difficult! The reward is so generous! Realization immediately dawned upon Shi Feng as he took in these three items. He could not help but grow ecstatic, his eyes nearly popping out of their sockets. This was especially true when he looked at the fiery orb and the dazzling crystal.

The Rubik’s Cube made of Seven Luminaries Crystal was none other than the key to activate Thunder Axe City—and the item he needed to complete his Exploration Quest. As for the fiery orb, it was an item that even superpowers would fight desperately to obtain.

The reason for this was the Tier 3 Mysterious Flame Fallen Earthfire contained within this orb. It was a treasure that could significantly increase the production success rate of forgers and alchemists.

To Shi Feng, it was crucial for controlling his Soul Fire.

Tier 3 Mysterious Flames were exceedingly rare in God’s Domain; there might not even be one Tier 3 Mysterious Flame in an entire kingdom. Its value was not the slightest bit lower than that of a Fragmented Legendary item.

Previously, he had obtained the Purple Thunder Flame, a Tier 3 Mysterious Flame, due to luck. The Purple Thunder Flame had allowed him to increase his control over the Soul Fire by a significant margin and greatly reduce the corrosion rate of the Soul Chain. If he could absorb another Tier 3 Mysterious Flame, he might be able to gain full control over the Soul Fire; then, he would not have to worry about the corrosion of the Soul Chain.

Of course, he could also feed the Tier 3 Mysterious Flame to the Fire Spirit. However, a Tier 3 Mysterious Flame was not enough to allow the current Fire Spirit to undergo a qualitative transformation, because the gap between Tier 3 and Tier 4 was massive. Shi Feng estimated that he would need at least two Tier 3 Mysterious Flames to upgrade the Fire Spirit to Tier 4. Either that, ortons of Tier 1 and Tier 2 Mysterious Flames.

Hence, rather than provide the Fire Spirit with a slight boost in combat power, using the Fallen Earthfire to remove the reaper’s scythe hovering above his head would be more advantageous.

The last item inside the Treasure Chest was also the most valuable among the three.

Sacred Source Crystal!

The value of this item easily surpassed the combined value of two Fragmented Legendary items.

The Sacred Source Crystal was so valuable because it was guaranteed to upgrade one item to the Fragmented Legendary rank—even if it was a Bronze item. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The Sacred Source Crystal was something every expert player dreamed of obtaining.

After all, every weapon and equipment had different compatibility with players. If players were not compatible with a particular weapon or equipment, even if said weapon or equipment was at the Fragmented Legendary rank, they would not be able to exhibit the Fragmented Legendary item’s full potential.

However, how precious were Fragmented Legendary items?

Even apex experts might not necessarily own one in their lifetimes. One would be fortunate to obtain a Fragmented Legendary item, let alone be picky about one’s compatibility with it

Hence, the scarcity of Fragmented Legendary items allowed the Sacred Source Crystal to shine.

There were millions and billions of weapons and equipment available in God’s Domain. While Fragmented Legendary items might be extremely rare, items between the Bronze and Dark-Gold rank were everywhere. With the Sacred Source Crystal, players could simply find an item that was compatible with them and upgrade it to the Fragmented Legendary rank. The aid the Sacred Source Crystal provided to players was simply massive.

Take weapons for example. With a compatible weapon, their combat power would increase by at least 20%.

In the past, when the Sacred Source Crystal made its initial appearance in an Auction House, the various superpowers had hotly contested over it. In the end, one superpower had used three Fragmented Legendary items to trade for the Sacred Source Crystal. Back then, many had found the trade preposterous. As a result, many had ridiculed the buyer for making a loss.

However, after obtaining the Sacred Source Crystal, the superpower that purchased it had managed to allow one of its Tier 5 experts to get promoted to the Tier 6 God rank.

This achievement had stupefied the various superpowers. They had never considered that a Fragmented Legendary item with high compatibility would provide so much help. Normally, even several Fragmented Legendary items would not necessarily be enough to help a player reach the Tier 6 standard.

As for the superpower that sold the Sacred Source Crystal, it had nearly died of regret after finding out about this matter. After all, a Tier 6 God-ranked expert was worth far more than just three measly Fragmented Legendary items.

Hence, now that a Sacred Source Crystal had appeared before Shi Feng, how could he not be ecstatic?

Which item should I upgrade? Shi Feng’s mind started turning rapidly as he gazed at the Sacred Source Crystal.

The weapons and equipment he had on him right now were all top-tier at this stage of the game. Weapons were no doubt what could increase a player’s combat power the most However, both the Abyssal Blade and Killing Ray were top-tier Epic Weapons that were extremely close to the Fragmented Legendary standard.

If he chose to upgrade either of these two weapons, he would simply be wasting the Sacred Source Crystal. After all, the Abyssal Blade and Killing Ray both had a chance to reach the Fragmented Legendary rank—especially Killing Ray. So long as he collected the remaining fragments of Solomon’s Sword, he would be able to synthesize a true Legendary Weapon.

As for upgrading a piece of equipment, to a Swordsman like himself, this was even more wasteful than upgrading his swords.

After giving the matter some thought, Shi Feng retrieved the Ring of Gospel from his bag.

Let’s have you upgraded. Immediately, Shi Feng tapped the Sacred Source Crystal and chose the Epic ranked Ring of Gospel as the target of evolution.