Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 204 - Battle Prowess of a Tier 1

If he could increase his strength to the standards of a Tier 1 Swordsman, he could easily deal with the High Lord ranked Scorching Lamia.

The Scorching Lamia had 500,000 HP. Possessing the superior battle recovery of a High Lord ranked Boss, the Scorching Lamia could recover 10,000 HP every five seconds. If players did not possess a DPS[1] of 2,000, Cela was, essentially, invincible.

This was one the reasons even an elite team of hundreds of players could not exhaust a High Lord to death.

Not to mention, the Scorching Lamia possessed frightening attacks and overly powerful skills.

If players wanted to raid Cela head-on, it would be no different than seeking their own deaths even with a team of thousands of players.

However, it would be a different story if they possessed the Flaming Sun Scripture.

Previously, before Shi Feng obtained the Scorching Heart, he had close to no confidence of successfully soloing the Scorching Lamia. He merely thought of giving it a try. In any case, he would not incur a huge loss. However, he now had some confidence in actually killing Cela.

Although Shi Feng had never experienced the might of a Pseudo-extraordinary Weapon, according to Shi Feng’s estimates, it should grant him the strength of an official Tier 1 Swordsman.

Immediately, Shi Feng retrieved the Pseudo-extraordinary Weapon, the Blazing Meteor, from his bag, equipping it on himself.

[Blazing Meteor] (Throwing Weapon, Dark-Gold Rank)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 120, Agility 140

Attack Power (Value is set at Player’s Strength*2)

Strength +50, Agility +65, Endurance +10

Attack Speed +5

Maximum throwing distance: 45 yards

Ignore Levels +8

Attack Speed increased by 15%

When attacking:

35% chance to ignore target’s Defense.

30% chance to activate Quadruple Phantom effect, each phantom causing 50% flame damage.

10% chance to activate Knockback effect.

5% chance to activate Burning Flames effect, dealing 200 flame damage to the target every second for 10 seconds. Stacks up to 5 times.

Additional Skill: Flame God’s Fury. Deals physical and flame damage to enemies within a 40*3 yard area. Deals 900% damage to the initial target, and damage reduces by 10% with each consecutive enemy hit to a minimum of 500% damage.

Cooldown: 3 minutes Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

The Blazing Meteor was forged by the Grandmaster Forger, Seliora. Due to the limit of its materials, it is only a Pseudo-extraordinary item possessing strength at the very limit of mortal men. The Blazing Meteor can be reforged into an Epic Ranked item after gathering Epic ranked fire-type materials.

User restriction: Ye Feng

Unable to be dropped.

Unable to be traded.

After equipping it, Shi Feng’s Attributes instantly soared. His Strength reached 174 points, while Agility reached 206 points. He was only a few Attribute points away from being able to equip the Fragmented-Legendary ranked item, the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath, which required 200 points in Strength and 120 points in Intelligence.

With the improvements provided by the Pseudo-extraordinary Weapon, Shi Feng’s Attack Power with throwing weapons increased to 696 points, while his melee Attack Power with his right and left hand were 444 and 426 respectively. The base damage for his ranged attacks far surpassed his melee attacks. In addition, due to the Blazing Meteor ignoring +8 Levels, Shi Feng would no longer face any level suppressions, which would greatly reduce his damage, when dealing with Level 25 monsters.

As Shi Feng’s Agility Attribute reached 200 points, he once again activated one of the Hidden Passive Skills, Basic Disappearance. The passive skill increased Shi Feng’s Movement Speed and Attack Speed by 20% and greatly decreased his stamina consumption during a battle. When he tread water, he could travel a distance of 10 yards with a single leap. His evasion also increased by 10%.

With such a boost, Shi Feng’s confidence increased once more.

“I can start clearing the place now,” Shi Feng shifted his gaze towards the distant Elites and Special Elites.

Since his ranged attacks were more impressive than his melee attacks now, he would naturally avoid using his previous, inefficient battle techniques. He could simply copy the Ranger in his previous life, using the basic kiting method to kill these Naga. That way, not only would the battle be swift, but he could also guarantee his own safety.

At a spot 43 yards away, two Level 25 Elite Flame Naga and one Special Elite Flame Naga Warrior currently conversed with each other in soft tones. None of them had noticed Shi Feng’s presence. In contrast, Shi Feng, currently covered in deep-blue flames, retrieved the flame-red, thin, needle-like Blazing Meteor from his waist. He aimed the Blazing Meteor at the Flame Naga Warrior standing between the other two Flame Naga, initiating his attack.

Xiu! The Blazing Meteor shot through the air, transforming into a meteor and instantly piercing the Flame Naga Warrior’s forehead. Simultaneously, the Ignore Target’s Defense effect and Quadruple Phantom effect both triggered upon impact.

Before that Flame Naga Warrior could even manage a scream, -1526, -758, -758, -758, -758 appeared above its head.

Even Shi Feng dared not believe his own eyes right now. Although he had the support of the Flaming Sun Scripture, the might of this single attack was still too powerful. A single, normal attack had destroyed over 4,500 HP from the Flame Naga Warrior, which was close to one-tenth of the Special Elite monster’s total HP. Shi Feng only needed to repeat this attack 11 more times to kill a Level 25 Special Elite.

In the entire God’s Domain, aside from Shi Feng, there might not be a second person capable of carrying out such a feat.

Replying to Shi Feng’s brutal attack, the three Naga released angry roars. They revealed sinister expressions as they charged towards Shi Feng, gradually splitting from the main force of the Naga.

When the distance between the three Naga and Shi Feng had shortened 20 yards, Shi Feng threw a Basic Frost Grenade at them. The three Naga immediately froze in place, damages of -300 appearing above their heads.

Holding nothing back, Shi Feng threw the Blazing Meteor at the three Naga relentlessly. The Blazing Meteor’s effects constantly triggered, each attack dealing over -1,000 damage, while the occasional critical hit dealt over -2,000 damage.

The three Naga were helpless. They could only attack Shi Feng using fire-type spells. However, Shi Feng always managed to predict the location of their attacks, so he could dodge the attacks beforehand, never letting any of the spells land on him.

Before even two minutes had passed, the two Elite and one Special Elite monster died. They contributed a large amount of EXP and multiple Flame Crystals to Shi Feng. Possibly due to the Shadow’s Blessing’s effect, the Special Elite Naga even dropped a Level 22 Mysterious-Iron ranked plate armor.

Afterwards, Shi Feng repeated this process of luring and killing the Elite and Special Elite Naga.

Although the process was mind-bogglingly boring, the fatigue on his spirit lessened greatly when Shi Feng thought about the Flame Crystals and the various Level 20 to Level 25 equipment he could obtain.

---

Unknowingly, more than four hours had passed. Shi Feng had cleared out practically all of the Naga present in this lava field. Shi Feng had also risen to Level 15, and he was only a tad bit away from Level 16.

While Shi Feng rested, he opened the Ranking List for White River City.

Right now, the first place on the Ranking List was occupied by a Level 13 player. Shi Feng could not help his shock at this sight. How could there be someone leveling so quickly? Not much time had passed since players outside of Shi Feng’s team had entered White River City. Logically, it would already be amazing for players to reach Level 11. Yet, there was actually someone that had reached Level 13? Was this person hunting monsters of a higher level as well?

Shi Feng’s mouth twitched when he saw the name of this first-ranked player — Lone Tyrant. Who was this person? How come I’ve never heard this name before? Meanwhile, the Snow Goddess, Gentle Snow, occupied the second place on the Ranking List; she was Level 12 right now. Following closely, another Level 12 player possessed the third rank., and Level 12 players occupied the remaining top then ranks. This situation confounded Shi Feng. This leveling speed far surpassed his expectations.

Could this be due to the butterfly effect? Shi Feng wondered.

Although players’ leveling speed would indeed increase after entering White River City, it shouldn’t increase to such a degree.

Meanwhile, the eleventh to fiftieth-ranked players on the Ranking List were all Level 11. Reaching this level was still reasonable. If these players were all Level 12 or 13, Shi Feng would truly be speechless.

Although the first ranked player had already reached Level 13, that player could not even reach Shi Feng’s shadow. If other players discovered this fact, they would definitely be shocked.

After Shi Feng reached Level 15, he had placed all his Free Attribute Points into Intelligence. He had done so to meet the requirements of the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath as soon as possible. However, the points he added were only a drop in the bucket.

“It should be about time to deal with you now.” After recovering to perfect condition, Shi Feng abruptly stood. He looked at the Scorching Lamia still lounging in the pool of lava, a faint smile appearing on his face.

TL Notes:

[1] DPS: Stands for Damage Per Second