Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 208 - Beastman Munition Factory

“It really is great to have the Shadow’s Blessing.” Shi Feng’s eyes slightly twitched as he looked at the shining loot scattered across the ground. It was the first time he truly felt fortunate about the 3 points of Luck. “It seems that I should get more equipment that increases the Luck Attribute in the future. I can use it specifically when killing Bosses.”

If he obtained jackpots similar to the Scorching Lamia’s as well, accumulating wealth would be a very simple task.

In God’s Domain, the term ‘jackpot’ only applied to Boss monsters, since Bosses would give out more loot than usual. Normally, the number of items dropped was double or triple the usual amount, and players looked forward to such situations the most.

Unfortunately, aside from obtaining the First Clear of a Dungeon, the chances of a Boss dropping a jackpot were abysmally low.

Depending on a player’s Luck Attribute, the chances of obtaining a jackpot would also increase. However, Shi Feng did not know the exact value each point of Luck provided. He only knew that the higher the Luck, the greater were the chances of obtaining a jackpot.

If Shi Feng’s Luck increased to 10 points, he might obtain another jackpot if he killed a High Lord ranked Boss in the future. To players, nothing was more exciting than obtaining even more high-level equipment and items.

As this was the Flame God’s Cave, the Scorching Lamia’s jackpot was extremely valuable. It was much more beneficial than killing two to three High Lord ranked Bosses.

“This is ridiculous! Just a single Scorching Lamia dropped close to half of my previous harvest of Flame Crystals!” Shi Feng was immediately shocked after he collected and arranged all the loot.

Previously, he had only obtained a total of 223 Flame Crystals from killing many Level 25 Common, Elite, and Special Elite monsters. Yet, the Scorching Lamia gave him 102 Crystals. If converted to Gold Coins, that amount would be worth 15 Gold, 30 Silvers. Moreover, this was only the price of the Flame Crystals.

Compared to the Flame Crystals, the equipment and Forging Designs dropped were much more valuable.

“Aren’t these the Flame Boots?” Shi Feng noticed a flame-red colored, delicate pair of boots. There were three gorgeous Flame Crystals embedded into each side, giving the boots a dazzling appearance.

[Flame Boots] (Plate Boots, Dark-Gold Rank)

Level 25

Defense +175

Strength +21, Agility +30, Endurance +15

Movement Speed +8

Fire Resistance +5

Additional Skill- DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Flame Rush: Increases Movement Speed by 100% for 10 seconds.

Cooldown: 2 minutes

Just the value of this piece of equipment exceeded 20 Gold. In addition, Cela also dropped a Dark-Gold ranked shield.

[Light of Day] (Shield, Dark-Gold Rank)

Level 25

Equipment Requirement: Strength 130

Defense +665

Block Rate: 41%

Defend skill level +2

Strength +34, Agility +10, Endurance +32

Maximum HP +15%

Additional Passive Skill-

Guardian Heart: Reduces incoming damage from the front by 20%. In addition, all damage received reduced by 10%.

Not to mention a shield, equipment meant for MTs was usually abnormally expensive. Moreover, the Attributes of this shield were extremely beneficial. If sold, its minimum price would be at least 40 Gold.

Aside from those two Dark-Gold ranked items, there were seven Secret-Silver ranked items. Three of them were Level 25 mage equipment, two were Level 25 healer equipment, one was Level 25 leather armor, and the last was a Level 25 two-handed axe. Every piece could sell for at least 3 Gold Coins.

Meanwhile, the most precious of them all was the Raging Flames Armor Forging Design.

This was also Shi Feng’s first time seeing this item.

Shi Feng was immediately stunned when he read the introduction of this Forging Design.

The Raging Flames Armor was a Level 25 Secret-Silver ranked plate armor. Although its base Attributes were ordinary, it was a very valuable item. It specifically catered to MTs when dealing with fire-type monsters. One could say that the Raging Flames Armor was the best Level 25 Secret-Silver ranked breastplate.

If utilized properly, the value of this Forging Design could exceed a hundred Gold. However, Flame Crystals were necessary to craft the Raging Flames Armor. In addition, it also needed a rare Secret-Silver ranked ore, resulting in a high manufacturing cost. However, it would be greatly desired once forged. In particular, when it was used in the Level 25 large-scale Team Dungeon, Flame’s Nest, it would be frighteningly effective.

The Raging Flames breastplate gave eight points of Fire Resistance and reduced the user’s flame damage received by 20%. No other Secret-Silver equipment could compare to this effect.

Aside from the equipment, there was also a flame-red-colored skill book. The words ‘Flame Burst’ decorated the cover. This was the same skill the Scorching Lamia had used on Shi Feng.

Shi Feng had personally witnessed this attack and knew full well the frightening might of that skill. Yet, such a skill was unexpectedly a Universal Skill that any class could learn.

Without hesitation, Shi Feng chose to learn the skill. He then called out the skill interface.

[Flame Burst]

Level 1 (Requires 100,000 EXP to upgrade to Level 2)

Channeling time: 2 seconds

Gathers the power of flames to a single point and causes 300% damage to the target.

Attack Count: 4 times

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Compared to other skills that required Skill Proficiency to level up, Flame Burst belonged to the Special Skills category. Instead of Skill Proficiency, it required EXP to level up.

Shi Feng greatly admired Cela’s Flame Burst. If he could possess a similar might to the Scorching Lamia when he used the Flame Burst, he needed only a single move to instant-kill a player of the same level. Just the thought of achieving such a feat invigorated him.

However, the skill level was too low right now. It could not achieve such an effect an all.

Since his level was relatively high right now and his leveling speed was also very fast, Shi Feng did not feel much heartache towards such a small amount of EXP. Hence, he immediately supplied 100,000 EXP to the skill, upgrading it up to Level 2.

The Flame Burst’s damage increased to 350%, while the Attack Count remained unchanged. There was also no change to its Cooldown. This time, 300,000 EXP was needed to upgrade the skill to Level 3. However, Shi Feng chose to upgrade it without hesitation. He needed several million EXP just to level up now, so 300,000 was not a significant amount.

Instantly, Shi Feng fell back down to Level 15. The damage of the Level 3 Flame Burst increased to 380%, while its Attack Count increased to 5 times, and Cooldown decreased to 4 minutes 30 seconds. This was a more noticeable improvement. Meanwhile, it now required 800,000 EXP to upgrade to Level 4. Yet, Shi Feng still chose to upgrade it. The damage of the skill increased to 400%, Attack Count remained at 5 times, and Cooldown decreased to 4 minutes. The skill needed 2,000,000 EXP to upgrade to Level 5 this time.

Shi Feng similarly upgraded it to Level 5 without hesitation. The damage of Flame Burst increased to 420%, Attack Count increased to 6 times, and Cooldown decreased to 3 minutes 30 seconds. As a result of such a huge increase, however, Shi Feng had fallen to Level 14. If he wanted to upgrade the skill to Level 6, he needed to supply 4,000,000 EXP. Even if he dropped back down to Level 0, he could not raise Flame Burst to Level 6.

It seems that I can only wait until after Level 20 before upgrading the Flame Burst again. Shi Feng felt it was unfortunate. However, a Level 5 Flame Burst was sufficiently amazing already. It was certainly a very useful trump card.

Shi Feng had spent quite a sum of money on his trip to the Flame God’s Cave this time. Not to mention using more than two stacks of Basic Frost Grenades, he also used the Flaming Sun Scripture. However, with such an astonishing harvest, the losses he incurred were negligible.

There’s still some time left. I’ll get some rest before heading to the Beastman Munition Factory. Shi Feng called out the system clock, discovering that he still had some time before the appointed time. Seizing this chance, he could get some repairs done to his equipment and store his loot into the Bank. He would return to the Flame God’s Cave again in the future when he had the time.

The Boss of the Flame God’s Cave had a respawn time of two days. In other words, Shi Feng would return to the Flame God’s Cave to kill its Boss once every two days. Not only could he level up quickly by doing so, but he could also obtain plenty of high-level equipment. This place was sacred ground for players. It was no wonder the Ranger, who was the first person to discover this place, made a huge earning.

---

Outside of the Beastman Munition Factory, Cruel Blade and the others had already gathered at the Dungeon’s entrance. They currently discussed their strategy to raid the Dungeon.

During the time they spent waiting for Shi Feng, they challenged the Dungeon twice more. However, the end result was still the same. Obtaining the First Clear of a Hard Mode Team Dungeon was much more difficult than they had imagined.

Although they had managed to clear the Hard Mode of a 10-man Team Dungeon, some other Guild was already a step ahead of them by the time they cleared it. Right now, only the First Clears of 20-man Hard Mode Team Dungeons were available. However, the Hard Mode of a 20-man Team Dungeon was obviously more difficult compared to a 10-man Team Dungeon.

No matter how much thought they put into it, they could not come up with any methods to clear the Dungeon. They could only wait for Shi Feng’s arrival at the Dungeon’s entrance. This was also a good chance for the team to get some rest.

Although Stabbing Heart had continuously recommended Shi Feng, Cruel Blade did not place much hope in him.

After all, the Assassin’s Alliance was an apex second-rate Guild. Experts were a dime a dozen within the Guild. Meanwhile, they had gathered 20 experts to raid the Beastman Munition Factory, but they still died under the first Boss’ feet. What difference would an additional, independent player with good techniques make?

“Guild Leader, someone’s coming,” one of the Guild’s scouting Assassins suddenly spoke in the team chat.