Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 213 - Dark Warlock Salou

“Karur is down... We won...”

“What was that skill? How could it be so frightening?”

The surviving members looked at the charred Karur, all involuntarily gulping a mouthful of saliva. The scene Shi Feng displayed before was simply unheard of. It was as if the thing he brandished was not a sword but a miniature sun. Even when standing at a distance of over 30 yards, they could feel the scorching temperature through the pain and burning of their skin.

Meanwhile, the damage Shi Feng had dealt was even more shocking. Of his six last strikes, not one had dealt lower than -2,000 damage to the High Chieftain ranked Boss. Among them, there were even two that achieved a critical hit, causing over -4,000 damage. It was the first time they had seen such a powerful skill.

Stabbing Heart jaw also hung open. Although he knew that Shi Feng was amazing, he never imagined that he would be this amazing.

Cruel Sword was also awestruck.

Originally, he had prepared for another failure. He never thought that Shi Feng would have a move like this hidden. Shi Feng had sent a Level 12 High Chieftain Boss flying and instantly caused more than -10,000 damage. This was definitely the highest damage Cruel Sword had seen so far. At this moment, Cruel Sword’s gaze grew even more fervent when he looked at Shi Feng. He couldn’t help but wish that he could drag Shi Feng into the Assassin’s Alliance right this instant.

Mu Qing reacted quickly. This moment was her best chance to get closer to Shi Feng. Hence, Mu Qing immediately walked up to Shi Feng’s side, acting excited as she pulled on Shi Feng’s arm.

“Big Brother Ye Feng, this move of yours is just too amazing! Just what sort of skill is it? This is my first time seeing such a skill!” Mu Qing eyed Shi Feng as she spoke in a soft and supple tone, her slender eyelashes constantly fluttering. Admiration filled her gaze, and her expression was fragile, invoking any man’s protective instincts.

“Flame Burst. It’s a Universal Special Skill that any class can use.” Shi Feng could clearly feel a sense of warmth and softness on the arm she clung to. However, he did not put much thought into it. He deemed that Mu Qing had only done such a thing due to her excitement. Hence, he casually gave her the answer.

“A Special Skill, is it? How unfortunate. Originally, I thought of inviting Brother Ye Feng to help me grind for one...” Mu Qing’s excitement withered when she heard Shi Feng’s words. One could only come across something like a special skill serendipitously; it was not something that one could obtain through effort. Indeed, how could such a powerful skill be so easily obtained?

“Let’s take a look at the drops, then,” Shi Feng said with a laugh, looking at Mu Qing’s disappointed expression.

Reminded by Shi Feng, everyone finally recalled the fact that Karur, who had just died, was a High Chieftain ranked Boss. The loot he dropped would doubtlessly be bountiful. They had forgotten this fact due to their shock at Shi Feng’s strength.

Following which, the surviving healers started reviving their fallen allies. Only when everyone was revived did Cruel Sword begin to collect the loot.

Karur had dropped a total of five pieces of equipment, and all of them were Mysterious-Iron rank. Compared to the Boss of a 10-man Dungeon, Karur had dropped an extra two to three pieces of equipment. Among the five pieces of equipment, there was a Level 10 greatshield, a Level 10 longbow for Rangers, a Level 10 breastplate for Berserkers, a Level 10 staff for healers, and the last piece was a Level 10 breastplate for Swordsmen. The breastplates for Berserkers and Swordsmen in particular were pieces of Set Equipment. As for money, everyone in the team received 32 Coppers. In general, it was a great harvest.

As Shi Feng previously had an agreement with the Assassin’s Alliance, the Wind Extinguisher Breastplate was given to him directly.

[Wind Extinguisher Breastplate] (Chest Piece, Plate Armor, Mysterious-Iron Rank)

Level 10

Defense +83

Strength +7, Agility +10, Endurance +6

Restricted to Swordsman.

Part of Wind Extinguisher Set Equipment (1/6)

Two-piece effect: Increase damage by 10%.

Four-piece effect: Increase Attack Speed and Movement Speed by 15%

Six-piece effect: Ignore Levels +3. When attacking, 15% chance to increase Attack Power by 50 points for 20 seconds.

Regarding Attributes or set effects, the Wind Extinguisher Set Equipment definitely possessed a qualitative increase compared to the Silvermoon Set Equipment. Shi Feng’s best available option was to gather this whole set now and upgrade his equipment. However, it would not be an easy task.

After receiving the Wind Extinguisher Breastplate, Shi Feng was in no hurry to swap it out with his current breastplate. After all, once he made the change, he would lose one of the set effects of the Silvermoon Set Equipment. He only intended to make the change after he collected four pieces of the Wind Extinguisher Set Equipment.

After distributing the equipment, everyone advanced towards the next Boss.

Now that Water Lake possessed a Level 10 Mysterious-Iron ranked shield, his Defense and HP had both increased significantly. As a result, they easily dealt with the monsters they met on their journey. Within 10 minutes, they arrived at a fighting arena.

In the middle of the arena, Morlock, a Beastman Assassin, stood there. He was also the second Boss of the Beastman Munition Factory.

[Morlock] (High Chieftain Rank)

Level 12

HP 400,000/400,000

Although Morlock’s HP was lower than Karur’s, Morlock was, in reality, much harder to deal with than Karur. Unlike Karur, Morlock was an Assassin. During battle, Morlock would unpredictably disappear and reappear at another location. He would also frequently attack players while ignoring aggro, choosing to attack players on the rearn line rather than those on the frontline. More importantly, Morlock had three skills that rendered players speechless.

The first skill he possessed was Armor Break. Every one of Morlock’s attacks would inflict a stackable armor break effect. To any plate armor classes, this could be a fatal skill, as once the armor break effect reached 10 stacks, their Defense would essentially reduce to 0. Even if it were an MT that possessed over 2,000 HP, Morlock could still kill them with just two to three hits. Before the healers could replenish the MT’s lost HP, the MT would have already succumbed to Morlock’s stunning Attack Speed, dying helplessly.

The only fortunate aspect for players was that the armor break effect only had a short duration of 30 seconds. Players raiding Morlock only needed to swap out their MTs when the effect stacked up to five times.

Morlock’s second skill was Killing Feast. When activated, Morlock would attack all enemies within an 8-yard radius a total of 16 times. Throughout the duration of this skill, Morlock would enter a state of invulnerability. Moreover, Morlock would carry out these 16 attacks very quickly; he would finish all 16 attacks in just two seconds. If, when Morlock activated this skill, there were only the two MTs within range, these two MTs would die with a 100% guarantee. Thus, players needed to share the burden of this attack. This would also place an extreme pressure onto the healers.

Morlock’s third skill was called Vanish. When activated, Morlock would randomly ambush a player. If the ambushed player were a cloth armor class, then, without question, that player would die. Only players that belonged to a plate armor class would have any hopes of surviving Morlock’s ambush.

At this moment, everyone in the team looked towards Shi Feng, intending to obtain his opinion on how to deal with this second High Chieftain Boss. Contrary to their expectations, Shi Feng did not tell them any strategies to raid the Boss. Instead, he instructed one healer and two MTs to test the waters. Otherwise, he might have to explain how he obtained his strategy.

After making a few tests, Shi Feng started explaining his strategy for the initial stages of the Boss fight. In reality, the plan was very simple. All plate armor classes would become tanks during the early stages of the raid, taking turns tanking Morlock. After all, Morlock’s damage was not particularly high. It would only become powerful after the armor break effect stacked so many times. So, as long as one belonged to a plate armor class, they could withstand Morlock’s damage.

Naturally, it was the same when dealing with Morlock’s Killing Feast.

In short, players only needed to surround and beat up this Boss.

After eight minutes passed, Morlock, the second Boss of the Beastman Munition Factory, fell. The main reason for Morlock’s fall was because Shi Feng was simply too strong. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Shi Feng had practically tanked Morlock by himself. Shi Feng was extremely nimble when dodging Morlock’s attacks, and Morlock could very rarely land an attack on him.

This, in turn, resulted in a decrease to Shi Feng’s damage output.

With a stable tanker like Shi Feng, the healers enjoyed a rather easy time throughout this raid. They could spread their attention towards other members of the team, allowing everyone to have an easier time dealing with the Boss. Problems only arose when Morlock used Vanish and appeared behind a cloth armor class. These unfortunate players could only curse their own bad luck as they accepted their deaths.