Chapter 215 - Basic Fire Resistance Potion

From beginning to end, Shi Feng had lured a total of nine Flame Giants, kiting them around the throne room. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Due to his actions, the Flame Giants had not been able to showcase their prowess even once in this entire battle. As a result, the Dark Warlock Salou became very easy to deal with, breathing his last under everyone’s heavy bombardment.

Even an amazing Boss could not compete against a reincarnated player. Their only fate was to be a plaything... unto death.

Seeing Salou fall, everyone jumped in celebration.

The Beastman Munition Factory belonged to the category of Expedition Dungeons. Unlike the Dark Moon Graveyard, which was a Survival Dungeon, players only needed to kill the final Boss in an expedition Dungeon to clear it; there was no need to leave the Dungeon for the clear to be official.

At this moment, the White River City Region System Announcement had already appeared.

White River City Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Assassin’s Alliance for becoming the first team to conquer the Hard Mode Beastman Munition Factory. All players within the team will be rewarded with 50,000 EXP and 1 Silver Coin.

White River City Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Assassin’s Alliance for becoming the fastest team to conquer the Hard Mode Beastman Munition Factory. All players within the team will be rewarded with 50,000 EXP and one Tier 1 Gemstone of random Attribute.

As it was not the First Clear of Hell Mode, the Main God System would not be so generous as to reward them with reputation points. Normally, players would only receive EXP for obtaining the First Clear of Hard Mode.

Also, the race for Team Dungeons was categorized into two types: Hard Mode and Hell Mode. Normal Mode was not taken into consideration as no time challenge existed.

Normally, the Main God System would implement a clear time for Team Dungeons. The clear time set by the system depended on the type of Team Dungeon and its difficulty. Meanwhile, the Hard Mode Beastman Munition Factory’s clear time was set at three hours. The Main God System would usually set the clear time at a very high bar. Only if players had achieved the standard of an elite team, determined by the Main God System, would they have a chance to clear the Dungeon in this set amount of time.

Meanwhile, under Shi Feng’s command, the Assassin’s Alliance had only spent 2 hours and 22 minutes to clear the Hard Mode Beastman Munition Factory, surpassing the estimated time. This proved that the team’s strength was already above the standards of a normal elite team.

However, everyone on the team knew full well that this achievement was all due to Shi Feng’s contributions.

After a round of mad celebration, everyone finally welcomed the most exciting moment.

They began examining the item drops of the Dark Warlock Salou, the final Boss monster of the Beastman Munition Factory.

Compared to the previous two Bosses, the loot from Salou was far more bountiful. Salou had dropped a total of seven items. Among them, five were Level 10 Mysterious-Iron ranked helmets, each being a part of a Set Equipment for different classes. With great luck, Salou even dropped a Basic Fire Resistance Potion Recipe. As for the final item, it was a Secret-Silver Staff meant for Elementalists.

[Elemental Scepter] (Staff, Secret-Silver Rank)

Level 10

Intelligence +15, Strength +4, Agility +4, Endurance +10

Increases elemental damage by 5%

Increases casting speed by 10%

Durability 80/80

With just a glance, one could immediately tell that this was a top-tier staff meant for Elementalists.

When the mages in the team looked at the details of this staff, drool nearly leaked from their mouths.

Although these mages had quite a few pieces of Mysterious-Iron Equipment on their persons, their weapons and equipment were all below Level 10. They were clearly much weaker compared to Level 10 weapons and equipment, not to mention a Secret-Silver ranked staff.

Cruel Sword immediately handed the Elemental Staff to Mu Qing. However, nobody in the team expressed any dissatisfaction about Cruel Sword’s decision because Mu Qing’s strength was indeed very powerful. Moreover, her damage was ranked number one amongst all the mages present. Following which, Cruel Sword handed the Wind Extinguisher Helmet, Wind Extinguisher Armguard, and Basic Fire Resistance Potion Recipe to Shi Feng. Similarly, nobody in the team had any gripes about this decision. If it weren’t for Shi Feng, they would not have cleared this Dungeon in the first place.

With this, Shi Feng now had four pieces of the Wind Extinguisher Set Equipment. Although he did not possess all six pieces, they were sufficient for him to replace the Bronze ranked Silvermoon Set Equipment.

“Brother Ye Feng, you’ve helped us out so much, yet, you’re only taking so few items. I am truly embarrassed about this, so please let me pay you another 100,000 Credits as compensation. Otherwise, if the other Guilds discover this matter, they will definitely make mock us for being insincere!” Cruel Sword said with a laugh as he looked at Shi Feng.

Putting aside the advertising benefits brought about from obtaining the First Clear of the Hard Mode Beastman Munition Factory, just the equipment they obtained was already of considerable value. It was especially true for the Secret-Silver ranked Elemental Scepter. The value of this staff alone could compare to half a dozen pieces of Level 10 Mysterious-Iron Equipment. Hence, spending an additional 100,000 Credits to compensate Shi Feng was a minor matter.

To put it another way, the Assassin’s Alliance had made a huge profit from this deal. After all, the First Clear of a 20-man Hard Mode Team Dungeon held extraordinary significance, as up until this moment, any Guild had yet to obtain the First Clear of a 20-man Hard Mode Team Dungeon.

Obtaining the First Clear of the Hard Mode Beastman Munition Factory had undeniably allowed the Assassin’s Alliance to break free from their awkward position in White River City. They no longer had to suffer the suppression from Dark Star.

Of course, by giving Shi Feng 100,000 Credits, Cruel Sword also had the intention of deepening the relationship between Shi Feng and the Assassin’s Alliance. Cruel Sword still wished to recruit Shi Feng into the Guild.

Shi Feng could easily see through Cruel Sword’s intentions. However, he merely smiled in reply, receiving all that Cruel Sword offered without hesitation.

Cruel Sword had no idea that Shi Feng did not really care about this equipment. Even if it were the Wind Extinguisher Set Equipment, it was simply a temporary set of equipment for Shi Feng. Meanwhile, amongst these items, the one Shi Feng paid the most attention to was the Basic Fire Resistance Potion Recipe.

[Basic Fire Resistance Potion]

After consumption, increases Fire Resistance by 15 points for 1 hour.

Currently, this item had no market value. However, when the various large Guilds started raiding the Level 25 Flame Nest, the value of this Basic Fire Resistance Potion Recipe would soar beyond one’s imagination. It’s worth would not be less than a piece of Fine-Gold Equipment.

Players were not allowed to use the Flaming Sun Scripture when in a Dungeon. Meanwhile, equipment that increased a player’s Fire Resistance was extremely rare. The quickest way to increase one’s Fire Resistance was through the use of a Basic Fire Resistance Potion. If players did not possess this potion, raiding the Flame Nest would only be possible in their dreams.

If Shi Feng started looking for a Potionmaker to craft the Basic Fire Resistance Potion now, he would carve out an additional path to wealth for the future. Even ten pieces of Secret-Silver Equipment could not rival what he could earn with these potions.

“Brother Ye Feng, are you free tomorrow?” At this moment, Mu Qing walked over to Shi Feng after receiving a silent hint from Cruel Sword. Sweetly, she said, “My party is planning to raid the Old Ruins, a high-level 10-man Team Dungeon, tomorrow. However, one of the original party members had applied for leave due to some personal matters. I’d really love it if you would join me. Will you??”

After a Team Dungeon was cleared, it would have a Cooldown period of three days. Hence, they needed to wait for three days before they could enter the Beastman Munition Factory again.

Standing to the side, Cruel Sword inwardly clapped his hands at Mu Qing’s performance.

Relationships needed care and gentle nurturing. Although he could tell that Shi Feng had no particular interest in Mu Qing, with increased interactions, who was to say would happen in the future?

“I still have something that I need to do tomorrow. Let’s find some other time to go Dungeon diving.”

Shi Feng could naturally tell what Mu Qing was trying to do. However, he simply waved his hand and tactfully rejected her. Although the Old Ruins was a high-level Team Dungeon, there was nothing there that could rouse his interests. He would only waste time by going there. Now that he had changed into the four pieces of Wind Extinguisher Set Equipment, his Attributes had greatly increased once again. He should be able to attempt the continuation of the Epic Quest, Darkness Descends, now.

Mu Qing’s innocent eyes flashed with a hint of disappointment. She did not think that her charm, which had only brought her success so far, would fail against Shi Feng.

Was she really lacking in charm, or were Shi Feng’s defenses just too high?