Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 219 - Background

Starstreak Trading Firm? Shi Feng was slightly confused by Sharlyn’s words.

After all, this was the second phase of an Epic Quest. Yet, Sharlyn did not send him on a dangerous mission, but simply to find a person instead? The difficulty of this task was simply inconceivable.

Could money really make the Devil turn millstones for you? Can spending money reduce the difficulty of a quest? Shi Feng wondered.

Giving the situation some thought, it wasn’t exactly impossible.

Right now, a first-rate Guild’s daily liquid funds only amounted to six to seven Gold Coins at best. Even if Fantasy Extinguisher had the full support of the first-rate Guild, the Fantasy Shrine, it would have been impossible for him to gather 50 Gold Coins. Even if the Fantasy Shrine possessed 50 Gold Coins, they would not simply allow Fantasy Extinguisher to spend it. After all, a large Guild could make major improvements to itself with 50 Gold Coins.

If Shi Feng had not received a daily income of over 100 Gold Coins from selling the Hard Stones, he would not pay 50 Gold Coins, even if it killed him.

According to the Main God System’s principle of equal value exchange, there was a very high possibility that he could reduce the difficulty of the Epic Quest by paying 50 Gold Coins.

In any case, Shi Feng did not lack money right now. After all, he had a daily income of over 100 Gold. His earnings could rival the total sum of all the famous Guilds’ liquid funds in White River City. It was not an exaggeration to say that his personal wealth could rival an entire city’s.

If he could reduce the difficulty of an Epic Quest by paying some money, he would definitely do so.

If he had known about this earlier, he would’ve waited a few more days before coming to meet Sharlyn. If he gathered 500 or 600 Gold Coins, he might be able to go to the Dark Den immediately to complete the quest. He would save plenty of time and trouble.

“Thank you, Lady Sharlyn.” Shi Feng respectfully received the contract.

“I have faith in you. Don’t make me wait too long. As more time passes, the strength of the great demon will also increase. At that time, even I might not be able to challenge it. As for you, you’ll just have to live the remainder of your life as a walking corpse,” Sharlyn warned.

System: Second phase of the Epic Quest ‘Darkness Descends,’ ‘Gospel Project’, accepted.

Quest content: Go to Starstreak Trading Firm and look for President Henry for more information about the Dark Den. Rewards unknown.

Although Shi Feng did not know the exact contents of the quest, he felt that it should not be as easy as he had previously imagined. After all, he was only meeting Henry to learn more information and not heading directly to the Dark Den.

Starstreak Trading Firm was very famous throughout White River City.

The range of operation of the Starstreak Trading Firm was not limited to White River City alone. It also operated in the seven cities surrounding White River City. It was a massive trading firm.

With such a wide reach, the amount of information they possessed would be immense as well.

It was no wonder Sharlyn sent him to meet President Henry. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Soon after, Shi Feng bade farewell to Sharlyn. If he remained here, the remaining 20 Gold Coins in his pockets might very well end up in Sharlyn’s pockets instead.

After leaving the Library, Shi Feng hailed a horse carriage and hurried over to Starstreak Trading Firm.

As the horse carriage galloped through the wide streets, Shi Feng could see players who had just arrived at White River City all around. Through the passing of time, the atmosphere in White River City had grown livelier. There was a high possibility that, in just another few days, the streets of White River City would be packed with people.

Ten minutes or so later, the horse carriage halted in front of the storefront of Starstreak Trading Firm.

The Starstreak Trading Firm’s store appeared luxurious. The building had a total of six floors. This store was definitely one of the tallest buildings in White River City, making it extremely eye-catching. Moreover, it was situated in a very good location; right in the heart of the Trade Area. The Bank of White River City was also just next door, while the Auction House was only a short distance away.

There were only eight shops in total situated within this golden district. Among them, three shops occupied the largest areas; each occupied two to three times more land than the other shops. Naturally, Starstreak Trading Firm was one of these shops. Moreover, Starstreak Trading Firm similarly occupied such a golden district in the other seven cities. It was obvious just how powerful the background of Starstreak Trading Firm was.

During the initial stages of God’s Domain, countless first-rate Guilds had tried to form connections with the Starstreak Trading Firm to conduct business. Unfortunately, these Guilds failed to meet even the shadow of President Henry. Yet, right now, Shi Feng could get in touch with President Henry through his quest.

Shi Feng couldn’t help but admit that an Epic Quest was truly awe-inspiring. Although the price of failure was similarly horrifying, as long as he could complete it, the benefits he could obtain were unimaginable.

The best example for this was the Demon Hunter title and Demon Mask Shi Feng had received from completing the first phase of the Darkness Descends quest. These two items had been of great help to him.

I wonder what sort of rewards I could obtain from completing this phase of the quest? Shi Feng inwardly felt anticipation.

As of this moment, Shi Feng had finally realized why the Fantasy Shrine would hold nothing back in helping Fantasy Extinguisher complete his Epic Quest. After all, the profits they could reap from this quest was just astonishing. If a mere independent player like him could receive such profits, what could a Guild accomplish?

Hence, this was the reason the Fantasy Shrine had risen to the top of Black Dragon Empire during the early periods of the game in the past, suppressing all the other first-rate Guilds. Unfortunately, Fantasy Shrine was doomed to normality in this life. Unless Fantasy Extinguisher managed to find another Epic Quest, Fantasy Shrine would not have any chances of achieving prominence. However, such a discovery was extremely unlikely.

In the past, Shi Feng had only accepted one Epic Quest throughout the decade he had spent in God’s Domain. Moreover, he had only received it by chance when he was around Level 150. One could imagine just how rare an Epic Quest was.

At this moment, Shi Feng suddenly received a system announcement.

White River City Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Ouroboros for becoming the first team to conquer the Hard Mode Crystal Ruins. All players within the team will be rewarded with 50,000 EXP and 1 Silver Coin.

White River City Region System Announcement: Congratulations to Ouroboros for becoming the fastest team to conquer the Hard Mode Crystal Ruins. All players within the team will be rewarded with 50,000 EXP and one Tier 1 Gemstone of random Attribute.

This system announcement undeniably caused a sensation among the players in White River City.

Right now, the independent players who had arrived in White River City all had impressive techniques. Meanwhile, a large majority of them were unwilling to join a small Guild; they all wished to join a large, top-tier Guild.

However, these independent players would not determine a Guild’s strength solely through the fame of the Guild. After all, every time a Guild started out in a new virtual reality game, they had to start from the very bottom. Moreover, there would always be some nameless Guild suddenly rising in the ranks, becoming the tyrant of this new virtual reality game. Similarly, there was also plenty of well-known Guilds that had vanished without a trace. Hence, players would usually determine a Guild’s strength through their Dungeon raiding capabilities.

This situation also caused the system announcements to be extraordinarily important to Guilds, as this was the basis of reference for independent players.

In fact, the players who had previously intended to join the Assassin’s Alliance had all changed their minds to join Ouroboros instead. After all, not only was Ouroboros a first-rate Guild, but they had also obtained the First Clear of a Hell Mode Dungeon. Regarding wealth, influence, or strength, Ouroboros was far more powerful than the Assassin’s Alliance. Even an idiot knew which Guild to choose.

This was the difference in backgrounds...

As expected of Gentle Snow; her speed is astonishing. I’ve only just recently helped the Assassin’s Alliance obtain the First Clear of a 20-man Hard Mode Team Dungeon, yet, in the blink of an eye, she too has obtained one already. If she had not suddenly stopped playing God’s Domain, she might have turned Ouroboros into a Super Guild in the past. Shi Feng inwardly exclaimed.

How great would it be if he could recruit Gentle Snow into his own Guild? If Shi Feng incorporated the Cleric God, Violet Cloud, the Tyrant Bear, Cola, the skillful Fire Dance, and his own past experiences into his own Guild, they would have no trouble becoming a first-rate Guild, or even a Super Guild, in the future.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng suddenly felt that he really needed to upgrade his team’s strength. After all, a Guild couldn’t rely on a handful of apex experts for support. They needed a stronger backbone. The best case scenario for Shi Feng right now was to recruit some of the future powerhouses who were still obscure existences right now.

However, the Guild he established by himself did not possess a deep background or great fame. These experts were no fools. If Shi Feng tried to recruit them, they might not even consider the option before rejecting him.

Hence, the foremost thing Shi Feng needed to do was to establish a Guild with a strong background and limitless potential. Only by doing so could he attract those nameless experts.