Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 225 - Mana Armor Kit

While Shi Feng had been stuck in the Forging Room for the past two days, many of the players that had just entered the city were amazed by the scene they witnessed.

They never imagined that such benefits would be available in the city.

Whetstones were no longer items solely monopolized by Guilds. They could be purchased at the Starstreak Trading Firm along with the rare Intermediate Recovery and Mana Potions. Compared to other shops in White River City, the Starstreak Trading Firm’s stock was far more thorough.

Most importantly, the Starstreak Trading Firm was the only location that sold Advanced Whetstones. This item had become the Starstreak Trading Firm’s signature item and was only sold in limited numbers everyday.

With such an advantage, the Starstreak Trading Firm instantly obtained a strong foothold in the eight cities it occupied, suppressing the other shops.

During these two days, players no longer visited other shops to purchase their items, as they could simply purchase everything they needed at the Starstreak Trading Firm. As a result, business boomed for the trading firm.

Meanwhile, a huge incident also happened in White River City, and even Shi Feng, who was extremely knowledgeable about God’s Domain, was shocked.

Ten Guilds had suddenly grouped, forming an entirely new, single Guild. This matter sent shockwaves throughout the entire White River City region.

Many of the second-rate and third-rate Guilds started panicking at this news. They all increased the treatment they offered to their members and continuously tried to recruit new members into their Guilds. Simultaneously, they also increased their speed of annexing smaller Guilds. As for the unrated Guilds, they started to form alliances to resist the annexation of these second-rate and third-rate Guilds for self-preservation.

White River City, which originally had hundreds of Guilds contending with each other for supremacy, suddenly entered a new phase where only a handful of powers contended with each other.

In reality, a dozen or so unrated Guilds coming together to form one large Guild would not greatly affect these second-rate and third-rate Guilds. The main reason this merger frightened these powerful Guilds was the guild at its core; it was none other than the top-tier, third-rate Guild, Dark Star.

Furthermore, Dark Star had a new Guild Leader. Lone Tyrant had suddenly become Dark Star’s new Guild Leader, while the previous Guild Leader had been chased out of his own Guild.

Originally, Dark Star already had Lone Tyrant, who was ranked first on the Ranking List. They also managed to obtain the First Clear of several Hard Mode Team Dungeons. Previously, they had even competed against the Assassin’s Alliance over supremacy in White River City. However, due to lacking a powerful background, they could not grow any stronger within a short time. Now that Lone Tyrant had become the Guild Leader, not only had Dark Star annexed a large number of Guilds, but they had also managed to recruit quite a few hidden experts. Just a short time after the merger, Dark Star had obtained the First Clear of two Hard Mode Team Dungeons, and one of them was even the First Clear of a 20-man Hard Mode Team Dungeon.

As a result, Dark Star’s fame soared once again. They were no longer beneath the Assassin’s Alliance; they might have already surpassed the Assassin’s Alliance.

Currently, Dark Star’s influence in White River City could rival that of a first-rate Guild. They had become one of the tyrants of White River City.

On another note, for reasons unknown, the first thing Lone Tyrant did after he unified those unrated Guilds was place a bounty on Shi Feng’s head.

Moreover, the bounty he set was rather generous. As long as someone could kill Shi Feng to Level 0, he would immediately reward the person responsible with five million Credits and an elder position in Dark Star. Meanwhile, any player who killed Shi Feng once could receive a reward of 200,000 Credits.

In a virtual reality game, such a high bounty was mind-blowing.

Right now, major corporations in the real world were only offering an annual salary of five million Credits or so when recruiting well-known top-tier experts. On the other hand, Shi Feng was not even a great character from a first-rate Guild. Such a high bounty on an unknown player was a first in the world of virtual reality.

Even though they did not know what sort of enmity Lone Tyrant had with Shi Feng, many players had expressed their sympathies for Shi Feng. Meanwhile, Lone Tyrant’s tyrannic actions had undeniably garnered the attention of many independent players, compelling them to join Dark Star to develop themselves further.

However, from Shi Feng’s point of view...

Lone Tyrant was simply a lunatic. He had snatched away only one First Clear away from Lone Tyrant; was there really a need to be so unforgiving?

Moreover, Shi Feng was really confused as to when Dark Star had become such an amazing existence. They had actually managed to annex more than ten unrated Guilds within such a short amount of time. One should know that each Guild would have at least one to two thousand members. In the case of a larger Guild, there might be even five to six thousand members. Yet, Dark Star had actually devoured and incorporated them in a single go with room to spare. Even the Assassin’s Alliance did not possess a background strong enough to carry out such a feat.

Although Dark Star was very powerful right now, Shi Feng considered the bounty on his head no more than a joke.

If Shi Feng were only a normal expert, he might have trembled in fear as he could not continue mingling in White River City. However, was Shi Feng a normal expert? No, he wasn’t. In a situation where everyone else had yet to familiarize themselves with God’s Domain fully, Shi Feng already had ten years’ worth of experience playing in God’s Domain as an expert Swordsman.

As of this moment, Lone Tyrant, the current first ranked player on the Ranking List, was only Level 14. However, during the time Shi Feng had spent cooped up inside an Intermediate Forging Room producing Advanced Whetstones, he had already recovered to Level 16. Shi Feng was leaps ahead of Lone Tyrant regarding EXP they had.

Moreover, with his current Level and equipment, Shi Feng had dared to face an absolute powerhouse head-on from his previous life. So, why would he possibly be afraid of Dark Star?

This time, however, Shi Feng could not use the same strategy he had with Martial Union within Red Leaf Town. There was nobody in White River City who dared provoke a tyrannic tiger like Dark Star. Moreover, Dark Star had too many members; Shi Feng would go bankrupt if he placed a bounty on all its members. Not to mention, whether it was Gold Coins or Credits, Shi Feng was sorely in need of both right now. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Hence, Shi Feng chose to ignore Dark Star and instead, focus on his own matters, producing Mana Armor Kits.

Compared to normal Armor Kits, Mana Armor Kits were far more powerful. Aside from providing additional Defense, normal Armor Kits only provided a small bonus to Attributes. On the other hand, Mana Armor Kits provided a significant bonus. Moreover, Mana Armor Kits could be equipped on both plate and cloth armor. The materials needed to produce them were also very basic; no expensive or rare materials were necessary at all.

[Basic Mana Armor Kit]

Materials required: 10 Copper Ore, 3 Bronze Ore, 1 Basic Recovery Potion or 1 Basic Mana Regeneration Potion

Can be crafted into either Physical or Magical Basic Armor Kit.

Bound to character after equipping.

[Basic Physical Armor Kit]

Defense +80

Strength +3, Endurance +4, Agility +3

Maximum binding limit per character: 3

Can only be bound to Level 10 equipment or above.

[Basic Magical Armor Kit]

Defense +30

Intelligence +3, Endurance +4, Vitality +3

Maximum binding limit per character: 3

Can only be bound to Level 10 equipment or above.

[Intermediate Mana Armor Kit]

Materials required: 15 Iron Ore, 5 Fine Iron Ore, 1 Intermediate Recovery Potion or 1 Intermediate Mana Regeneration Potion.

Can be crafted into either Physical or Magical Intermediate Armor Kit.

Bound to character after equipping.

[Intermediate Physical Armor Kit]

Defense +200

Strength +10, Endurance +12, Agility +10

Maximum binding limit per character: 3

Can only be bound to Level 25 equipment or above.

[Intermediate Magical Armor Kit]

Defense +60

Intelligence +10, Endurance +12, Vitality +10

Maximum binding limit per character: 3

Can only be bound to Level 25 equipment or above.

[Advanced Mana Armor Kit]

Materials required: 20 Silver Ore, 8 Mithril Ore, 2 Advanced Recovery Potion or 2 Advanced Mana Regeneration Potion.

Can be crafted into either Physical or Magical Advanced Armor Kit.

Bound to character after equipping.

[Advanced Physical Armor Kit]

Defense +400

Strength +30, Endurance +40, Agility +30

Maximum binding limit per character: 3

Can only be bound to Level 50 equipment or above.

[Advanced Magical Armor Kit]

Defense +150

Intelligence +30, Endurance +40, Vitality +30

Maximum binding limit per character: 3

Can only be bound to Level 50 equipment or above.

As long as a player bound three Mana Armor Kits to their equipment, they would have the equivalent of an additional piece of precious equipment. Whether in a normal battle or Dungeon raid, the Mana Armor Kits would provide an immense improvement to a player. Who could resist such an enticing item?