Chapter 2304 – Planar Passages Activated

Star-Moon Kingdom, Star-Moon City:

Players flowed in and out of the lively Teleportation Hall. Merchant players and well-known adventurer teams from other kingdoms and empires were a common sight in and around the building.

Although Star-Moon City wasn’t as prosperous as White River City, as Star-Moon Kingdom’s transit hub and the closest city to the Ore Empire in the kingdom, many players frequented the city. Star-Moon City was already a large city with more than 9,000,000 player residents. It was above average among God’s Domain’s various capital cities.

Suddenly, a group of players with dark marks on their foreheads arrived in the Teleportation Hall. When the other players in the hall noticed them, they fell silent. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Every one of these 100-plus players had reached Level 92 or 93.

Right now, the highest-leveled player on the kingdom’s Ranking List was only Level 88.

Moreover, the experts in the area felt a powerful pressure from the group of strangers as if they stood before a small force of high-level Great Lords. The combined aura could even deter Refinement Realm experts from approaching.

“There sure are a lot of people here, Commander, but their levels are pretty low. They clearly haven’t received a God’s Blessing, either,” a Level 92 female Ranger commented as she watched the players in the Teleportation Hall. “It seems the main continent’s players haven’t developed as quickly as those in the Shadow World. Only their weapons and equipment are better than ours.”

“Apparently, different areas have varying degrees of development. This is an opportunity for our Shadowless adventurer team. Obviously, weapons and equipment are easier to obtain here. We were lucky to find the Planar Passage in our world so quickly. We should take time to secure a foothold here first,” the bald, Level 93 youth in black said as he led the group. “Star-Moon Kingdom is the perfect place for Shadowless to establish on the main continent. I want you to investigate the powers in this kingdom. If they’re not willing to submit, we’ll get rid of them!”

The 100-plus players promptly split up, and every other player who had overheard the bald youth’s order began to panic.

Meanwhile, Otherworld players began to arrive in the main continent’s various kingdoms and empires, intensifying the chaos on the main continent.

While Otherworld players began to flood the main continent, something surprising occurred in the Gravity Mountain Range’s Northern Fortress.

Shi Feng had estimated that it would take some time to lease out the fortress’s Shops. It would be a while before players discovered the benefits of a Medium Fortress’s Shops, after all. However, in less than a day, Dragonheart Island’s various powers had claimed over 100 Shops for themselves.

Although these powers didn’t plan to rent the Shops long-term, only agreeing to the first month, it instantly earned Shi Feng over 600 million Credits. Including the income from Zero Wing City, he had a total of 800 million Credits on hand.

Once the Credits were in his account, Shi Feng instructed Xiao Yu to move forward with their agreed plans.

They might not be able to establish many large-scale training centers in Fenglin City, but seven or eight small training centers wouldn’t be a problem. Furthermore, the branch training centers, main purpose was to promote the virtual combat platform and encourage the city’s players to train in the Heaven’s Rumble Training Center habitually. Hence, they wouldn’t need to purchase a lot of equipment for the branch locations.

Once the branches opened to the public, and with Zero Wing’s fame, they wouldn’t need to worry about a lack of God’s Domain players visiting Heaven’s Rumble. This would also allow Zero Wing to recruit fresh blood in God’s Domain.

Shi Feng had also earned a lot of Ancient Gold from the Northern Fortress.

Normally, a Small Fortress, at its peak, would only earn four or five thousand Ancient Gold per day, and Small Fortresses that had recently opened to the public would be lucky to earn 1,000 per day.

Fortunately, the Northern Fortress was unimaginably popular. The various powers’ players already filled every hotel in the fortress.

To reserve every room in a hotel, players would have to pay with Ancient Gold, not Ancient Copper or Silver. Naturally, Zero Wing’s share of the profits would consist of Ancient Gold, as well.

After a single day of business, Zero Wing had earned 7,000 Ancient Gold from the Northern Fortress, and that was after splitting the profits with Phoenix Rain. As more time passed and more players visited the fortress, Zero Wing would be able to upgrade its facilities. As Basic Hotels became Advanced Hotels, Zero Wing and the Phoenix Pavilion would earn even more Ancient Gold.

“War Blood’s people would have a heart attack if they saw our profits, Guild Leader,” Blackie said, laughing as he watched the Northern Fortress’s profits increase. “It won’t be long before our Guild secures a foothold in Dragonheart City. With more Guild members here, I’d like to see War Blood interfere with our development!”

“Blackie, don’t underestimate War Blood. The adventurer team has captured its own fortress, and it still has Starlink’s support. It would be unwise to underestimate its development, and War Blood’s naval prowess is particularly impressive. Even Thirteen Thrones watches its step around the adventurer team,” Yan Tianxing solemnly warned his companion.

Resources were important for competing Guilds, but the deciding factor would come down to the size of one’s fist. War Blood might not be a match for Zero Wing in the Gravity Mountain Range, but in the Sea of Death, Zero Wing would be at its mercy. Unfortunately, there were more resources available in the sea of death than in the Gravity Mountain Range.

“Tianxing is right. Now that we have resources, we need to convert them into combat power.”

Shi Feng nodded. He then retrieved the Storm Speedboat Design from his bag and handed it to Yan Tianxing, who would supervise the speedboats’ production. They would use the profits they had earned from the Northern Fortress to acquire the necessary materials. Fortunately, Shi Feng had been stalking up on these materials for a while.

When Yan Tianxing saw the Storm Speedboat Design, his eyes nearly fell out of their sockets. Although he was not a naval player, he had learned how valuable Bronze Speedboats were during the several weeks he had spent grinding in the Sea of Death. If Zero Wing had a full fleet of Bronze Speedboats, they could explore the Sea of Death unhindered.

Once he had set Yan Tianxing with everything he needed for the Storm Speedboat’s production, Shi Feng left the Northern Fortress. Once he emerged from the World Tower, he used a Return Scroll to teleport to White River City. He was finally prepared to challenge his Tier 3 Promotion Quest!