Chapter 2312 – Advanced Epic

Once Sharlyn had formed the magic array, a series of system notification rang in Shi Feng’s ears.

System: Congratulations on completing your Tier 3 Promotion Quest and obtaining the Blade Saint Legacy. Legacy Completion Rate 85%. Advanced Epic Legacy received. You have four hours to construct your Mana Body.

System: Congratulations on being the first player to complete the Tier 3 Promotion Quest. You will have one additional hour to construct your Mana Body.

Epic rank?! Shi Feng was stunned when he read the system notifications.

The highest-rank Mana Body he had heard of during his previous life had only been Gold rank, and only one out of every 10,000 experts had earned a Gold ranked Mana Body during their Tier 3 Promotion Quests. These experts had been powerhouses in Level 100-plus neutral maps, strong enough to give the various superpowers massive headaches.

A Gold Mana Body provided more than high adaptability to harsh environments; it also elevated players’ Stamina and Concentration recovery rates to extraordinary highs. Players’ Stamina and Concentration would recover by absorbing the Mana around them. Depending on the density of the Mana in the area, their recovery rates would increase by 30% to 60%. With such a significant improvement to their Stamina and Concentration recovery rates, players would no longer have to rely on Stamina equipment, replacing such items with equipment that provided more raw power. This was why players with Gold Mana Bodies were so much stronger than ordinary experts and could freely roam in Level 100-plus neutral maps. Even superpowers would find these players quite challenging to hunt down.

This was also why the various superpowers’ influence on independent players would significantly decrease when they reached Tier 3, even to the extent that top adventurer teams could begin to contend with superpowers. The Midnight Tea Party was a prime example of this.

After Level 100, players had had an absurdly difficult time trying to join the Midnight Tea Party during Shi Feng’s previous life. Once the adventurer team’s members had reached Tier 3, a Gold ranked Mana Body had become a requirement for joining the team. Even superpowers had been helpless against an entire group of experts with Gold Mana Bodies in Level 100-plus neutral maps.

And Shi Feng hadn’t even heard of an Epic Mana Body.

Moreover, he now had a total of five hours to construct his Mana Body. In the past, he had only had one hour to construct his Bronze Mana Body, and players with Gold Mana Bodies had only been given two hours.

The process of constructing a Mana Body was mostly the same across the board. The outcome depended on how much one could complete in the allotted time, and one’s progress depended on how much time they invested in the trials.

“You can begin your Mana Body’s construction now. Remember, you only have five hours. If you fail to complete a Mana Body before time runs out, the magic array will grant you the most basic Mana Body available, and your efforts will have gone to waste,” Sharlyn reminded Shi Feng seriously.

“Understood.” He nodded, understanding how important this matter was.

Immediately, Shi Feng carefully inspected the three Mana Body samples hovering before him.

Each of the Mana Bodies displayed was different and more complicated than the last. The simplest of the three was several times more complex than the Peak Bronze Legacy’s Mana Body he had obtained in the past. Not only did these samples involve magic arrays, but they also required divine runes and refined Mana manipulation.

Any ordinary player might be able to copy the Mana Body samples blindly, but their Completion Rate wouldn’t be high. Naturally, a low Completion Rate would severely affect one’s combat power.

A player’s Mana Body would affect their control with their Skills and Spells in the future. A poorly constructed Mana Body would result in low Mana conductibility. This would limit players’ ability to use Tier 3 Skills and Spells with a Completion Rate of 90% or higher since players had to actively guide and control their Mana during the process to amply their Skills or Spells’ power. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

This was also why experts in Shi Feng’s previous life had preferred to aim for less complex Mana Bodies to ensure high Completion Rates, rather than aim for a more complex Mana Body with a low Completion Rate. If players constructed a perfect Mana Body, it wouldn’t negatively affect their combat power, which would be a significant help when challenging their Tier 4 Promotion Quests in the future.

Shi Feng spent around 10 minutes inspecting the three Mana Body Samples he had been given.

Although the Advanced Mana Body is extremely complex and even involves multi-line Mana manipulation, I have five hours to play around with. I should give it a try. Having made his decision, Shi Feng focused on the Advanced Mana Body sample and began to manipulate the Mana within him.

There might not be a huge difference between an Intermediate Mana Body’s environmental adaptability and that of an Advanced Mana Body, but the difference between the two options’ recovery rates and Defense was massive.

Naturally, players’ Defense would undergo a considerable transformation when they reached Tier 3 and obtained their Mana Body. Their toughness as a Tier 2 player couldn’t even compare. With a Mana Body, a layer of protective Mana would envelop their frame, making them less prone to physical injury, which would reduce their combat power, from ordinary attacks.

Naturally, the higher the Mana Body’s rank was, the stronger this protective layer would be. It would also help players recover from physical injuries much faster.

Time flew by. After nearly 20 minutes, Shi Feng had finally finished constructing his first Mana Body.

Shi Feng could feel himself grow much stronger the instant he completed his Mana Body. Now, the surrounding Mana actively flowed into him, giving him a mentally refreshed feeling.

System: Mana Body constructed. Completion Rate 64%. Do you wish to keep this Mana Body?

I barely passed? Sure enough, the Advanced Mana Body isn’t easy to construct. Shi Feng gave the Completion Rate a bitter smile. But to think that this Mana Body is so powerful despite a 64% Completion Rate, an Epic Mana Body is really amazing.

Normally, a Mana Body with a 60% Completion Rate was only considered passable. If one failed to achieve a passing Completion Rate in the designated time, they’d be stuck with the default Mana Body. With the default option, achieving a 90% Completion Rate with Tier 3 Skills and Spells would be practically impossible.

Players typically needed a 75% Completion Rate Mana Body to ensure their Skills and Spells would remain unaffected.

In the past, Shi Feng had constructed his Bronze Mana Body with a 95% Completion Rate. At that standard, a direct hit from a Mysterious-Iron Weapon had, at most, left a small scratch, hardly affecting his combat power.

However, he didn’t have much hope of achieving a 95% Completion Rate with his Mana Body in this life. An Epic Mana Body was simply too complex. His only goal was to get an 80% Completion Rate to avoid any negative effects to his combat power. Even with an 80% Completion Rate with an Epic Mana Body, only Secret-Silver Weapons and better would be capable of physically injuring him.

Shi Feng then started his second attempt. After the first attempt, he chose not to focus on speed. Rather, he took great care, slowly constructing the Mana Body.

After more than half an hour, Shi Feng had ended up with a 72% Completion Rate, just short of the 75% threshold.

Shi Feng invested a full hour for his third attempt, but he had only earned a 74% Completion Rate.

What am I missing?

He began to grow frustrated as he examined the Advanced Mana Body sample again.

He had already spent nearly half of his allotted time, yet he hadn’t constructed an adequate Advanced Mana Body. If he continued to waste time, he wouldn’t even have enough time to attempt the Intermediate Mana Body’s construction.

He had performed every step with great precision, yet he still only achieved a 74% Completion Rate. During his previous life, he hadn’t been anywhere near the Refinement Realm standard, yet he had still managed a 95% Completion Rate with his Mana Body. However, even as a Domain Realm expert, he had only reached a 74% Completion Rate. It was unbelievable.

No, that’s not right! Shi Feng suddenly snapped out of his daze. My Mana manipulation hadn’t been nearly as refined as it is now. I had glossed over some of the construction processes then, yet I still earned a 95% Completion Rate. This Mana Body sample is far more complex, but with my current standards, it shouldn’t be this hard to achieve the same results.

Is my thirst for perfection having the opposite effect?

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng began another attempt. This time, instead of trying to perfect all aspects of the construction process, he focused on certain parts, while glossing over the rest.

This time, he completed the Mana Body in less than half an hour.

The instant he completed his Mana Body, his five senses underwent a qualitative transformation. His affinity with the ambient Mana skyrocketed.

System: Mana Body constructed. Completion Rate 91%. Do you wish to keep this Mana Body?