Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 234 - While the Priest Climbs a Post, the Devil Climbs Ten

Naturally, Shi Feng could not just walk away after hearing Joking Scholar’s words.

Although he did not know what had happened to Aqua Rose, if he could swindle so many materials and Credits, he would make a huge profit. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

“Fine. I’ll give you one minute. I’m in a hurry.”

Shi Feng swept a glance at the clock displayed on the system interface. There were still two hours before the auction started at the Blackwing City Auction House. If he missed this chance, he would have to wait for several more days before the next.

Since a lot was at stake, Joking Scholar dared not waste any more time. He immediately sent a message to his superior, awaiting the decision.

After waiting for half a minute or so, Joking Scholar received a reply.

Joking Scholar immediately felt his mood refresh when he read the reply.

“Master Black Flame, Miss Aqua has said that, due to the transaction being of such magnitude, if we are to conduct this trade, we need to verify the item that you have provided. Of course, I will preside over this verification. If there truly are no problems, we will immediately transfer the money to you,” Joking Scholar confidently informed Shi Feng.

“That won’t do. If you guys get a look at the contents of this letter, then the information inside will no longer have any value. What if you decide not to pay me? Wouldn’t I take a huge loss instead? Unless you give me the money first, I will not let you look at the contents.” Shi Feng sneered, “Since Twilight Echo doesn’t have any sincerity in continuing this trade, so be it.”

Contrary to Joking Scholar’s belief, the information inside the encrypted letter was the real deal. It could instantly promote a large Guild to the next level.

The information was especially useful to a first-rate Guild.

Of course, this information would not actually sell for an astronomical price of 120 million Credits.

Since he had cooperated with Aqua Rose in the past, he would not betray her and cooperate with someone else. Hence, he had only mentioned such an astronomical price to play with Joking Scholar.

“Master Black Flame, we are very sincere in this matter. If you continue responding to our sincerity in such a way, we can only take it as you toying with Twilight Echo. None who attempt to make fools of Twilight Echo find a good ending. If Master Black Flame doesn’t want a misunderstanding, please let me take a look at the information contained in the letter. As long as there are no problems, then based on Twilight Echo’s credibility, we certainly will not go back on our word and ruin our own reputation.” Although Joking Scholar spoke with an amicable tone, he did not try to hide the cold glint in his eyes in the least.

“Are you threatening me?” Shi Feng’s tone turned cold as he said, “Although Twilight Echo is a first-rate Guild, don’t think that I, Black Flame, am someone you can easily mess around with. Since this matter has reached this point, our cooperation ends right here and now.”

Shi Feng immediately left the restaurant, leaving behind a dumbfounded Joking Scholar.

Joking Scholar never thought Shi Feng would react so decisively.

In his opinion, Black Flame was only a forger. How could he possibly dare call shots with a first-rate Guild like Twilight Echo? Hence, Joking Scholar decided to threaten him. Yet, Shi Feng had not reacted as he had expected at all, so much so that his threat had yielded the exact opposite effect he had wanted.

The higher ups of the Guild had tasked him with maintaining the current business relationship they had with Black Flame. If there were a possibility, the best case scenario would be to recruit Black Flame into Twilight Echo.

“How abominable! This Black Flame is simply impervious to reason!” Joking Scholar had originally intended to hold Shi Feng back once more. However, doing so was simply too humiliating. After speaking those decisive words, if he had to suddenly change his tone and try to ingratiate himself with Shi Feng... He simply could not do it. He is definitely toying with me! That’s the only plausible reason why he isn’t willing to show me the contents of that letter!

Immediately after, Joking Scholar contacted his superior.

“Scholar, how did it go?” a dignified tone came through the communicator.

“Boss, that Black Flame rejected our proposal. He refused to let me take a look at the letter’s contents. However, I am very sure that he is trying to play us for fools. There is nothing important in the letter,” Scholar confidently assured.

“I understand. Although it is slightly unfortunate, Black Flame has also given us some enlightenment. Since Black Flame is unwilling to do business with us, we can just look for someone else. I hear that Star-Moon Kingdom, where Black Flame is from, should be in dire need of ores. Look for a powerful Guild from Star-Moon Kingdom at Blackwing City. I believe that they should be very willing to cooperate with us.”

“Yes, Boss.”

Currently, Joking Scholar felt exhilarated.

“Black Flame, did you really think that you are so amazing? Once I sell these ores to some other Guild in Star-Moon Kingdom, we’ll see if you can still survive there!”

Soon after, Joking Scholar had departed from the restaurant as well. He started looking for a new business partner from Star-Moon Kingdom.

Meanwhile, after Shi Feng left the restaurant, he immediately changed his appearance using the Demon Mask. He had long since waited for Joking Scholar’s departure.

Although Shi Feng did not intend to do business with Joking Scholar, that would not stop him from swindling the man.

After all, it was not easy for him to obtain so many ores. Moreover, it was not his style to just let Joking Scholar escape.

Previously, he had used the appearance of Black Flame, so he could not swindle those ores from him. However, now that he had changed his appearance, even if he swindled Joking Scholar, he would be fine as long as he immediately donned a new appearance.

Twilight Echo had spent a lot of wealth and manpower to procure the ores. If they failed to sell them, keeping those ores for their own use instead, they would need over ten days to exhaust such a large supply fully. Twilight Echo could not bear such a heavy cost. After all, these ores could not increase their Guild’s battle prowess. They could only do so by turning these materials into currency.

However, If they wished to turn these ores into money, they had to sell them to a Guild that was in dire need of ores. As for independent players, they simply had no way to deplete such a stock.

No. Unless they paid with Credits, even a first-rate Guild could not afford so many ores. However, would Twilight Echo lack Credits?

That’s right; they didn’t lack Credits. If they could spend Credits to purchase a large amount of Gold Coins, they would have spent several hundred million Credits without hesitation. However, the Main God System had not activated an exchange system for Coins. As for the virtual trade center, there was simply not enough Gold Coins to satisfy their demands.

Most importantly, if they purchased Gold Coins in bulk, their actions would inflate the prices of Gold Coins endlessly, and doing so was not a worthwhile investment. This was also one of the reasons why large Guilds normally would not purchase Gold Coins in bulk.

If Twilight Echo could not sell these ores quickly, it would wound the Guild’s development.

However, it would not be an easy task to find a business partner willing to purchase so many ores. The only possibility they had was to look for a Guild from Star-Moon Kingdom. As long as Twilight Echo investigated, they would immediately discover that Black Flame was from Star-Moon Kingdom. Meanwhile, the fact that Black Flame purchased so many forging materials proved that Star-Moon Kingdom was in dire need. As long as the upper echelon of Twilight Echo had brains, they would naturally look for someone from Star-Moon Kingdom to cooperate with.

Unfortunately, Twilight Echo had miscalculated one point. It was not easy to obtain the pass required to enter Blackwing City. Even for a large Guild, they would need to spend a lot of time and effort to obtain one. Not to mention, the majority of the Guilds and players in Star-Moon Kingdom didn’t even know about the existence of Blackwing City.

Quite some time had passed since the launch of God’s Domain. However, the players from Star-Moon Kingdom who could enter Blackwing City were among the extreme minority. It went without saying there were even fewer players who could afford so many ores.

---

An hour quickly passed with Shi Feng trailing Joking Scholar.

Sure enough, Joking Scholar failed to find even a single player from Star-Moon Kingdom. The majority of the players he met were independent players from other kingdoms and empires. Even when he met players belonging to Guilds, these players were not part of their Guild’s backbone. Most importantly, none of these players had any interest in Twilight Echo’s ores.

This situation depressed Joking Scholar. He wondered just why he could not meet any players from Star-Moon Kingdom. It would be fine even if it were even an independent player!

At this moment, Shi Feng took on Lone Tyrant’s appearance using the Demon Mask, and he walked towards Joking Scholar casually.