Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 239 - Surprised Again and Again

After Joking Scholar recovered from his shock, he immediately called up the system communication interface and reported to Twilight Echo’s Guild Leader, Glorious Echo.

“Guild Leader, that Lone Tyrant clearly looks down on Twilight Echo! He has already resolved to swindle 5,000 Gold Coins from us!” Joking Scholar reported everything that happened to Glorious Echo, trembling as he spoke. Although he was one of the core members of Twilight Echo, he had caused a huge loss to the Guild this time. Who knew what the Guild Leader would do to him?

“I understand. However, a mere third-rate Guild is not yet worthy of me taking action personally. I’ll send Brilliant Wargod to deal with the corporation standing behind Dark Star in reality. If Lone Tyrant is sensible, he should know what to do. If he thinks he can easily take 5,000 Gold Coins from me, he should think again.”

“However, Scholar, your performance this time has disappointed me. After you’re done with the auction, return and hand over your duties to Green Wave.”

“Yes, Guild Leader. I will meet with Green Wave once I return.”

Although Glorious Echo had not scolded Joking Scholar, he had made his intentions clear. Instantly, Joking Scholar’s outward appearance seemed to age by over a decade. Even if he inwardly felt reluctant, he could only accept this conclusion.

At this moment, hatred of Lone Tyrant filled Joking Scholar’s very soul. If it weren’t for Lone Tyrant, he would not have fallen to such a fate.

Unless he could perform astonishingly, bringing a huge benefit to the Guild, the Guild would no longer regard him with any importance.

“No! I can’t just give up! As long as I can buy an item at the Blackwing Auction that will surprise the Guild Leader, he might even decide to rescind my punishment!” A final trace of hope ignited in Joking Scholar.

With the 8 Gold he had brought from the Guild, in addition to the 10 Gold he previously obtained, he currently had 18 Gold on him. With so much money, not even a first-rate Guild could contest him in the auction.

---

Elsewhere, Shi Feng had already arrived at the Blackwing Auction House under the guise of Black Flame.

Shi Feng’s plan had succeeded magnificently. Not only had he earned a large sum of Coins and Credits, but he also helped Dark Star make a powerful enemy.

Twilight Echo was a first-rate Guild. Meanwhile, as the Guild Leader of this first-rate Guild, Glorious Echo possessed over 20 years of experience playing virtual reality games. Furthermore, he had led Twilight Echo in campaigns in the virtual world for over a decade, so he had a wealth of experience, and his strength and techniques were also extremely powerful. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Aside from such an impressive Guild Leader, Twilight Echo also possessed tens of top-tier experts. In the past, every one of these experts had become Tier 4 or above powerhouses. In addition, Twilight Echo also had three members who had achieved a Tier 6 class in the past, becoming god-ranked powerhouses. Among those three, one was none other than Twilight Echo’s Guild Leader, Glorious Echo himself. Meanwhile, Aqua Rose and one of her good friends took up the other two spots.

This was the reason Twilight Echo stood out amongst the many tyrants surrounding them, becoming one of the few Super Guilds in God’s Domain. In the past, Twilight Echo had far surpassed Ouroboros in every aspect, and they had even established a gigantic virtual empire for themselves. Back then, Twilight Echo was an existence that Shi Feng could only admire from afar.

Of course, Shi Feng could not take the current Twilight Echo lightly. After all, Twilight Echo was still a first-rate Guild. It had an extraordinary background, and there were countless corporations supporting them financially. They similarly had a large influence in the real world. To deal with a third-rate Guild like Dark Star, they could simply put some pressure on Dark Star economically in reality, and Dark Star would suffer.

Hence the reason Shi Feng had chosen to disguise himself as Lone Tyrant when toying with Twilight Echo.

Right now, Shi Feng still did not know who supported Dark Star from behind the scenes. However, with a first-rate Guild like Twilight Echo placing financial pressure on them in the real world, Shi Feng could, at least, glimpse the powerful organization standing behind Dark Star. That way, Shi Feng could take appropriate measures to deal with them in the future.

Just as Shi Feng was about to take a seat in the auction hall...

Shi Feng’s system communicator rang out. The person contacting him was none other than Aqua Rose, who had been out of reach all this time.

“Miss Aqua, you sure are a busy person. You actually sent a representative for such an important business transaction,” Shi Feng teased.

Shi Feng was very clear that Aqua Rose’s absence had something to do with Glorious Echo.

After all, Aqua Rose’s recent performance had been too impressive.

The nail that stuck out would be hammered down. Glorious Echo must’ve felt Aqua Rose was a threat to his position.

“Master Black Flame, you must be joking. I’ve only managed to log into God’s Domain after much difficulty. However, it seems that I am still too late.” Aqua Rose’s tone was helpless as she spoke.

“What happened?” Shi Feng asked curiously.

Based on Aqua Rose’s tone, Shi Feng could tell that this matter was not as simple as it seemed. Otherwise, why would a strong woman like Aqua Rose reveal a trace of depression and helplessness?

At the end of the day, Aqua Rose was still an honorary elder of Twilight Echo. Her position in the Guild was extremely high. Moreover, Aqua Rose’s family in the real world had a powerful background. Her family was also one of the corporations supporting Twilight Echo financially, so they possessed significant shares of the Guild. Thus, unless Glorious Echo had gone insane, he should not have taken any vicious actions against Aqua Rose.

The current situation was merely a business competition, and both were still doing it to develop Twilight Echo. At worst, both parties would only feel dissatisfied with each other; they would not break off all relations with and start an all-out war.

“It’s nothing much. I only left Twilight Echo; that’s all,” Aqua Rose casually replied.

“What? You left Twilight Echo? Did your family not say anything about this?” Shi Feng nearly thought his ears had played a trick on him.

Although Aqua Rose sounded relaxed, Shi Feng could feel the aggrieved feelings hidden behind her words. After all, he had personally experienced a similar situation in the past. Still, the corporation behind Aqua Rose possesses a significant number of the Twilight Echo’s shares. That Glorious Echo must’ve gone insane to expel Aqua Rose from the Guild.

“My family tried to force me to do something that I didn’t want to do. I refused, so I was expelled from Twilight Echo as a result. In a fit of rage, I also ran away from home. I am penniless now after buying a new virtual reality helmet. I wonder if Master Black Flame would be willing to shelter me?” Aqua Rose giggled as she joked.

She had only been joking about her current financial state. After all, it was a fact that she was the princess of a major corporation. It was inevitable that she would have some money saved up. Even if she ran away from home and did not rely on her parents, the money she had in her bank account could allow her to live the rest of her life in peace without working.

“Sure. I would gladly welcome a powerful helper like Miss Rose. How does an annual salary of one million Credits, in addition to 5% of my Workshop’s shares sound to you?” Shi Feng naturally knew Aqua Rose only joked with him. However, Shi Feng did not wish to miss such a fortuitous opportunity now that it had landed in his lap. Who knew how long he would have to wait to encounter such an opportunity again?

Aqua Rose was immediately dumbfounded by Shi Feng’s offer.

Normally, it was already impressive for a Guild to offer an annual salary in the millions. Yet, Shi Feng went as far as to offer her 5% of his Guild’s shares willingly. This was an unimaginable offer, and it clearly showed how highly Shi Feng viewed her.

Aqua Rose suddenly felt bewildered.

Originally, she had intended to start up her own Workshop from scratch. After all, some of her loyal subordinates had left Twilight Echo with her after learning of her expulsion. With this group of people under her command, she could still establish a relatively strong Workshop. In the future, she intended to build a Guild powerful enough to rival Twilight Echo. She wanted to teach her family that their decision was a mistake.

The only problem remaining would be Twilight Echo’s oppression. It was also why she currently had a massive headache. If she wished to continue developing herself and her Workshop in the Storm Empire, they would have to face the full brunt of Twilight Echo. Meanwhile, Aqua Rose was very clear on just how amazing Twilight Echo was as a Guild.

But now that Shi Feng had invited her with such sincerity, she was at a loss on what to do.