Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 247 - Seizing the Ranking List

Although they felt that what Shi Feng said was logical, their disappointment still did not decrease by the slightest.

Out of everyone present, only Aqua Rose’s fighting spirit truly ignited. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She was the only one who truly understood the meaning of Shi Feng’s words.

Strength that depended on one’s self rather than others.

The best example for this was Shi Feng who stood right before them. His Guild was clearly very weak. Yet, he managed to achieve many things that not even many first-rate Guilds and even Super Guilds could. As a result, he made everyone believe that there was a mysterious power secretly supporting him from behind.

However, what was the reality of the matter?

By depending on only himself, Shi Feng had created a miracle.

He had even overwhelmed everyone back at the Blackwing Auction, causing a sensation.

Since Shi Feng was capable of such feats, why couldn’t she do so as well? At this moment, Aqua Rose truly found it laughable when she recalled how she had intended to utilize the mysterious power behind Shi Feng to prove herself to her parents and everyone back at Twilight Echo.

“Black Flame is right. How powerful a Guild is, is not important. How powerful we are, ourselves, is the crucial point. Since we have joined Zero Wing, let us be the ones to change how others view Zero Wing,” Aqua Rose explained loudly, in complete agreement with Shi Feng’s opinion.

Everyone fell silent at Aqua Rose’s words, but a fiery fighting spirit could be seen growing in their eyes.

That was right! They had originally intended to start from the very beginning. Now that they had a wealthy tycoon like Shi Feng supporting them, what more should they be afraid of?

A Guild’s development mainly relied on financial resources. The remaining factors would be the presence of experts to lead the Guild in raiding Team Dungeons and completing Epic Quests that were impossible to complete.

They would definitely turn Zero Wing into the number one Guild in White River City.

At this moment, Shi Feng sent Fire Dance and the others a message:

“You can start now.”

Immediately, Shi Feng received a reply:

“Understood.”

After seeing this message, Shi Feng’s gaze shifted towards everyone present in the meeting room. He then announced loudly, “I know that some of you still have some worries, so I’ll give you all a little surprise. I’ll let you all get a better understanding of just what Zero Wing is.”

“A better understanding of Zero Wing? Does this Guild still have any secrets?”

Everyone grew confused at Shi Feng’s words. Everything about this Guild was clear in one glance, so what secrets could there possibly be? The only thing that could possibly be a secret was the Guild’s frightening financial resources. With such a large fortune, they should have no problems getting their hands on the various welfare benefits that players would receive upon joining a Guild. Moreover, Black Flame was the publicly acknowledged Chief Forger of Star-Moon Kingdom. In the future, Guild members would have no lack of weapons and equipment to use. However, this shouldn’t count as a secret, right?

“Everyone can take a look at White River City’s Ranking List now,” Shi Feng said softly.

“Ranking List?”

Everyone promptly called out the Ranking List to take a look.

“Is there something wrong with the Ranking List? I remember that when I came to White River City, the top player on the Ranking List was Lone Tyrant. At that time, he was only at Level 15. How did he suddenly become Level 19? Did the system make a mistake?”

“No, that’s not right! Look at the player ID! It’s not Lone Tyrant!”

“It might not be a mistake by the system. Look, the top eight players have all been switched out. Even the player at eighth place is Level 18 now. Lone Tyrant is still Level 15, and he’s placed ninth now. How is this possible?”

“Level 18! Isn’t this level too much of an exaggeration? Even at the Storm Empire, the highest leveled player is only at Level 16. How could White River City possess eight players who have managed to surpass the top player at Storm Empire?”

“Wait! These players all belong to the same Guild, and the Guild’s name is called... Zero Wing!”

Everyone was dumbfounded when they discovered the changes in the Ranking List. They trembled, not daring to believe their own eyes. These eight players were actually their Guild members.

However, everyone’s hearts were filled with questions.

If Zero Wing had eight such powerful experts, why did the Guild remain unknown to the public even until now? This was simply unimaginable.

“This is the strength of Zero Wing?” At this moment, Aqua Rose started renewing her evaluation of Shi Feng and this Guild.

Although Zero Wing was small, it was a gathering of experts.

Wealth, manpower, and finally, fame. As things were, Zero Wing possessed the foundation necessary to become a large Guild.

As long as they managed the Guild benefits they offered properly, Zero Wing could easily become a large Guild within a short period of time. It was no wonder Shi Feng looked so confident.

Meanwhile, as Aqua Rose and her subordinates were reeling over their new discovery, the entire White River City had already been thrown into an uproar.

Lone Tyrant, who had been monopolizing the first position on White River City’s Ranking List all this time, had actually been kicked off by someone else. Moreover, he wasn’t just kicked off by a single person, but by eight. The sudden appearance of these eight players made Lone Tyrant’s previous glory look like a joke. It was as if these eight players had merely been giving in to Lone Tyrant before, just like how an adult would indulge a little child. Now, however, they were no longer letting Lone Tyrant have his way.

Otherwise, how would they explain this situation where eight players had instantly taken away the top eight spots on the Ranking List? There was only one possible explanation: they had constantly been hiding their levels.

“These people are inhuman!”

“Crap! The first place is Level 19, and even the eighth place is Level 18! I’ve only managed to hit Level 13 after working so hard. Are they trying to make me despair?”

“God, carry me, please!”

“What kind of backing does this Zero Wing have? Aren’t they a little too amazing? Is some major power planning to set up a stronghold in White River City?”

Many players within the White River City region were stirred up by this incident. The top eight positions on the Ranking List were actually taken over by a single Guild; one could just imagine how powerful this Guild was. Even Ouroboros, the number one Guild in White River City, was not as powerful.

Many independent players had started making inquiries into just what kind of Guild Zero Wing was.

There were even some independent players who had directly asked how they could join Zero Wing on the public forums.

After all, with such leveling monsters in the Guild, wouldn’t they too be able to level up like a rocket if they joined?

Suddenly, Zero Wing had become the hottest topic for every player in White River City, and many had expressed their willingness to join such a Guild.

Although independent players went into raptures over Zero Wing, the various large Guilds, on the other hand, were having a headache over it. They held nothing back at investigating this new Guild that suddenly popped up and also the top eight players on the Ranking List.

However, the information they received made Zero Wing look even more mysterious, as they failed to find out even who the Guild Leader of Zero Wing was.

The only thing they knew was that Fire Dance had once occupied the first place on the White River City Ranking List. In addition, the other seven players had also once been among the top ten of the Ranking List. Meanwhile, all eight of these players shared a common point.

All eight of these players had vanished from the public eye for quite some time now.

Previously, everyone had assumed that they had gone silent because they were overtaken on the list.

However, the reality of the matter was that these players had intentionally hidden themselves simply to avoid discovery until now.

---

“Can someone tell me what is going on here?” Lone Tyrant looked at the Ranking List, bellowing, “Just where did these bastards pop out from?”

At this moment, nothing was more humiliating for Lone Tyrant than his position on the Ranking List. His past glory was already worthless now. Instead, he had become the laughingstock of everyone in White River City.

“Guild Leader, I’ve already investigated these players. It seems that all of them are associated with Ye Feng. Moreover, I’ve also looked up Zero Wing at the Adventurer’s Association. The Guild was registered only recently, and it is possible that it is a Guild formed by Ye Feng himself,” a Ranger said.

“Good. Very good. At first, I thought that he had hidden himself out of self-awareness after I placed a bounty on him. However, it seems he is taking me lightly! Since he has come out to slap me in the face, and has even started a Guild in White River City, I will make him regret his decision! Immediately find out all the members belonging to Ye Feng’s Guild! I want his Guild destroyed!” Lone Tyrant bellowed as he announced a command to the entire Guild. He had to destroy this Guild and flatten Shi Feng at all costs. Not only was he doing this for himself, it was also the command of that mighty personage.