Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2472 – Silver Divine Dragon

Once Shi Feng agreed to begin the summoning, the purple smoke around the Ice Dragon’s Claw acted like a hungry wolf that had just found food. In no time, it devoured the stone-like claw.

After devouring the claw, the intensity of the smoke’s aura skyrocketed like a beast that had just woken from a long sleep. The frightening aura was so powerful that Shi Feng struggled to move. The aura was almost even stronger than that of a Tier 5 NPC. If a Tier 2 player stood in his place, they might have collapsed under the mighty pressure.

As the purple smoke’s aura grew stronger, the pressure Shi Feng felt increased as well. Just as he was about to fall to his knees, the purple smoke flowed into the Summoning Altar’s ancient magic array.

Boom!

The instant the purple smoke merged with the magic array, space exploded, forming countless tears around the array. It was as if the surrounding space couldn’t endure the power contained within the magic array.

After several seconds, space in the center of the altar began to crumble, revealing a dark void. The void grew, and in the blink of an eye, it had swallowed nearly half of the altar.

Just before the void reached Shi Feng, the magic array engraved on the Summoning Altar flashed with a silver light that instantly suppressed the void. It stopped the growing darkness at the edge of the altar, preventing its further expansion. However, due to the void’s presence, the Mana density around Shi Feng steadily decreased.

A Void Land?! Shi Feng stared at the black hole before him, astonished. What is going on?

The Summoning Tower used a sacrificial medium to open a portal to an Otherworld, from which players could guide their target creature.

Naturally, the magic array would use stronger mediums to open stronger Otherworlds.

Yet, after devouring the Ice Dragon’s Claw, the Summoning Altar had opened a portal to a Void Land...

A Void Land was a land of death, in which very few creatures in God’s Domain could survive. Void Lands didn’t even contain a trace of energy, much less Mana.

As Shi Feng stared, confused, the sound of a system notification reached his ears.

System: You have triggered the Epic Quest, “Void Cage.’

Quest content: Release the Silver Divine Dragon that is imprisoned deep in the Void Land. Rewards unknown. There is no penalty for failing this quest. Do you wish to accept this quest? Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

A Silver Divine Dragon? Shi Feng’s astonishment only grew when he heard the notification.

He had only used an Ice Dragon’s Claw as a medium; he had never expected it to trigger a portal to a Silver Divine Dragon’s location.

Dragons were the apex race in God’s Domain. Any random Adult Dragon had Tier 5 strength, and they were known as invincible among beings of the same tier. Not even human Heroes, individuals who had received Gods’ blessings, were a match for Dragons of the same tier.

However, not all Dragons were equal.

Divine Dragons’ were Dragons with the primeval Dragon Bloodline. Rather, they had a significant fraction of the Primal Dragon’s Bloodline. Normal Dragons only had negligible traces of the Primal Dragon’s Bloodline.

The difference between a Divine Dragon and an ordinary Dragon’s strength was on par with the difference between an Archaic Species and an ordinary monster. The two were on completely different levels.

At most, ordinary Dragons were invincible among creatures of the same tier. Divine Dragons, however, could transcend tiers.

Everyone in God’s Domain showed the proper respect before Divine Dragons; no one wanted to offend one. Shi Feng doubted that even the Jealous Witch, who was as devastating as a natural disaster, was a match for a Tier 5 Divine Dragon.

With almost no hesitation, Shi Feng accepted the Epic Quest.

Although there were no penalties for failing or refusing the Epic Quest, Shi Feng would have to abandon this summoning attempt by refusing it. If he did, he’d have to wait another month before he could attempt to summon another guardian, and he couldn’t afford to do that.

Moreover, encountering another opportunity to summon a Divine Dragon would likely be impossible, and if he could complete the quest, he’d hit the jackpot.

Summoning a Tier 6 God in God’s Domain was almost impossible. Not a single Super Guild in Shi Feng’s previous life had ever managed to acquire a corpse or body part of such a being. Needless to say, it was utterly out of Zero Wing’s reach.

Without a Tier 6 God, a Tier 5 Divine Dragon was the strongest possible guardian he could summon.

After Shi Feng accepted the quest, the Summoning Altar formed a magic array beneath his feet, and a silver barrier took shape around him. Shi Feng could immediately feel the pressure bearing down on him subside. With this barrier to protect him, Shi Feng felt that surviving in the Void Land shouldn’t pose much of an issue.

Does it want me to enter the portal?

Once the silver barrier was complete, Shi Feng noticed a new buff in his status window. This buff would last three natural days.

A Void Land was an absolute forbidden land. Aside from Gods and Void Souls, creatures born in Void Lands, surviving in a Void Land was nearly unheard of. Even with this magic barrier, he’d be lucky to exhibit 30% of his usual combat power. Void Lands contained no Mana, and Shi Feng hadn’t fully unlocked his Mana Body yet.

If he encountered a Void Soul in his state, he’d die. The weakest Void Soul was still on par with a Tier 4 Mythic monster, while stronger Void Souls could rival Adult Dragon’s strength.

Knowing all of this, Shi Feng still gritted his teeth and entered the portal to the Void Land, taking the risk.

Although Void Souls were incredibly powerful, there typically weren’t many of them. The chance that he’d run across one in a massive Void Land was quite low. On the off chance that he did encounter a Void Soul, he could summon a Tier 4 Hero with the Hero’s Tome. Heroes were protected by the Gods, and thus, their combat power would remain unaffected within a Void Land. With a Tier 4 Hero by his side, he shouldn’t have any problems as long as he wasn’t spotted by any Tier 5 Void Souls.

Shi Feng then entered the dark space, and the scene around him changed.

Once the world around him settled, he found himself on a gigantic, floating island. The entire island was desolate, and hovering in the center of the lifeless plot of earth was a colossal Magic Cage. The cage was several hundred meters tall, wide, and long and covered in all sorts of divine runes, which radiated an ancient, eternal aura.

Inside the cage slept a Silver Infant Dragon. Even trapped, the Infant Dragon’s aura was unsuppressed, and as it washed over Shi Feng, he struggled to breathe.

What a powerful Life Rating. It’s no wonder why even the various superpowers’ God-ranked experts in the past were no match for Tier 5 Divine Dragons in a one-on-one fight. Shi Feng was dumbfounded as he gazed at the Infant Dragon hovering in the island’s center.

He had seen plenty of true Dragons in his time, but he had never seen a Divine Dragon before.

The Ice Dragon he had fought in the Cold Spring Canyon was nothing compared to this Infant Dragon. The differences between them were like that between an ordinary stone and a diamond.

Working to contain his excitement, Shi Feng began to look for ways to open the Magic Cage.

Most players hadn’t seen a Magic Cage at this stage of the game and wouldn’t know how to open one, but Shi Feng wasn’t most players.

Magic Cages had typically been used during ancient times to imprison criminals while they waited for punishment. The power of time would steadily wear down the prisoner’s strength. This was why God’s Domain had so many Epic Quests that required players to slay these criminals, finally meting out justice.

To end these criminals’ long, miserable lives, players would have to release the seal on the prisoner’s Magic Cage.

Shi Feng had never opened a Magic Cage before, but based on what he had learned from others, one first had to locate the core magic arrays, which were located in the outside world. Players could then destroy or decode the arrays to unlock the Magic Cage.

Shi Feng spent the next dozen or so hours searching, during which he found a total of seven magic arrays around the desolate island. Every one of the arrays was incredibly complex, and that wasn’t a result of the level of design. Rather, their complexity was a result of the frightening number of elements to each array. Even as a Master Magician, Shi Feng felt a headache brew as he examined the magic arrays.

Whoever designed these magic arrays is vicious! Did they have any intention of letting the Divine Dragon free?! Every one of these magic arrays uses seven elements. Without having mastered all seven, no one could open this Magic Cage. Shi Feng was flabbergasted after examining the core magic arrays.

Magic arrays used Mana as their foundations, and normally, a Master Magic Array would, at most, rely on the Four Major Elements’ power. Ordinary people couldn’t control the remaining Three Supreme Elements—Illusion, Space, and Time. Not even the Elven race, beloved by the elements, could accomplish the feat.

To decode the core magic arrays, players would need to have mastered all seven elements. Without that master, they simply wouldn’t have the power to decode them.

However, players normally only encountered the Three Supreme Elements after reaching Tier 5, and that would only be a brush of contact.

Decoding these magic arrays is impossible. It seems destroying them is my only choice. Giving the matter some thought, Shi Feng realized that destruction was his only option.

The core magic arrays might look very powerful, but they didn’t have any significant defensive mechanisms. As long as he could deal more damage than the arrays could tolerate, he should be able to destroy the magic arrays.

Shi Feng then retrieved the Crimson Dragon Flying Ship and attacked one of the arrays with the ship’s Magic Elven Cannon.

Boom!

The beam struck the core magic array, and the entire island shook with the impact.

As the dust settled, Shi Feng noticed that the array’s glow had dimmed slightly.

Yes! It’s working! Shi Feng’s excitement spiked when he saw the results of his attack.

The blast hadn’t exceeded the magic array’s tolerance, but it had exhausted a significant fraction of the array’s energy reserves. If he could deplete the magic array’s energy to a certain level, the array wouldn’t be able to endure the Magic Elven Cannon’s attacks and crumble.

For a time, Shi Feng bombarded the core magic arrays, firing the moment the Magic Elven Cannon’s Cooldown came to an end. He didn’t mind the Magic Crystals he had to spend to do it; he still had plenty on him.

Time passed quickly.

Finally, after a full day of assaulting the magic arrays and expending nearly all of the Magic Crystals in his bag, Shi Feng destroyed the seventh core magic array.

As the seventh core magic array crumbled, the Magic Cage shattered.