Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 250 - Serious Inquiries Only

“Helpless about it?” Zhao Ruoxi’s eyes widened in rage. “He Youcai, this is your mistake! You need to think of a way to fix this!”

At this moment, Ling Feilong stood out and interrupted, saying in a gentle tone, “Ruoxi, you know that this is only a small mistake. Something must’ve gone wrong with the system, so you can’t just put the blame on He Youcai.”

“Then what should Shi Feng do? Since you already know something went wrong, does that mean Shi Feng is allowed to go in now?” Zhao Ruoxi completely ignored Ling Feilong, directly asking He Youcai, “In any case, you can prove that Shi Feng has indeed registered for this event. Shi Feng also has no problem proving that he is a student of our school. Don’t tell me that this is still not enough?”

“Fellow student Zhao Ruoxi, I can indeed verify that Shi Feng has registered for this event. However, whether he can enter or not is not up to a Student Council President like me to decide. You have to ask this big brother security guard here.” He Youcai shifted his gaze towards the security guard leader, instantly pushing all responsibility on the security guard. He Youcai then revealed a bitter smile, making the situation seem as if it had nothing to do with him.

The security guard’s mouth clearly twitched when he listened to He Youcai’s words.

He Youcai obviously did not help Shi Feng register for this event to begin with, yet He Youcai was pushing everything on him now? If He Youcai insisted that Shi Feng be allowed into the hotel, what could a mere security guard captain like him do?

He Youcai had already made his intentions very clear.

Absolutely not allowed—that was He Youcai’s answer.

However, looking at Zhao Ruoxi, she too did not seem like someone he could provoke. Otherwise, why would He Youcai even bother making so many superficial excuses?

Caught in a dilemma, this security guard captain did not know which would be the wiser choice to make.

Currently, Zhao Ruoxi’s wrathful gaze had already shifted to the security guard captain. She asked in a grim tone, “What do you say?”

“Me?” Even though he had experienced many battlefields before, the security guard captain could not help but hesitate at this moment. In the end, however, he still said strictly, “I have my responsibilities. Miss, please don’t make things difficult for me.”

“You!”

“Class Monitor, it’s fine. This matter can’t be helped. If I can’t enter, so be it.”

Shi Feng held back the raging Zhao Ruoxi. He then beamed a smile towards He Youcai and the others who were really good at spoiling his good fortune.

“It is great that fellow student Shi Feng can understand my troubles. This was truly an accident. I guarantee that there will not be a similar situation like this the next time,” He Youcai sneered.

“Right. A situation like this won’t happen the next time,” Zhou Yuhu laughed loudly.

Ling Feilong sent a contemptuous smile at Shi Feng, before saying in a gentle tone to Zhao Ruoxi, “Ruoxi, let’s go. Uncle Jianhua has been anxiously waiting for you for a while now.”

“Why is Uncle Jianhua here?” Zhao Ruoxi was clearly surprised when she heard this name. However, when she thought about how Shi Feng’s problem still remained unsolved, a sudden inspiration flashed across her mind. “That’s right! Uncle Jianhua is one of the sponsors for the Fellowship Party! He should be able to get you in!”

“Shi Feng, wait here. I’ll ask Uncle Jianhua to come immediately. That way, you’ll definitely be able to enter.”

Shi Feng nodded his head in reply. He then watched as Zhao Ruoxi frantically walked into the hotel. In the next instant, however, Shi Feng noticed Ling Feilong sending a cold smile his way.

Shi Feng felt a bad premonition at this sight.

Seeing that Zhao Ruoxi had left, He Youcai revealed a mocking smile as he said, “Fellow student Shi Feng, please return from whence you came; this Fellowship Party is not fit for someone like you.” He then told the security guard leader, “Remember, he is not allowed to set even a foot in this building. Otherwise, you can just pack up and leave.”

“Understood.”

Finished speaking, He Youcai and the others walked back into the hotel, their laughter filling the air as they left. The security guard then fixed his gaze at Shi Feng. As long as Shi Feng dared come near this building, he would personally chase him out.

However, Shi Feng did not react in anger. On the contrary, he was feeling extraordinarily calm right now.

If you don’t want me to go in, then so be it. In any case, I don’t have to actually be in the party to do what I came to do. Shi Feng turned around and left, the corner of his lips raised slightly.

The Jin Hai Fellowship Party held at this time was the perfect chance for him to recruit new members for his Guild. If he were to miss it, who knew how long he would have to wait before another such chance arrived?

The reason why a small Guild like Shadow could survive in God’s Domain was mainly due to the group of people they had recruited at this event. This group of people had helped Shadow endure its hardest times. Otherwise, with the little manpower Shadow possessed, there was no way they could avoid annexation by a large Guild.

Although Zero Wing already had a powerhouse like Aqua Rose and also a group of elite players in its midst, a Guild could never have an excess of powerhouses and elite players.

Since he was not allowed to recruit inside the event venue, it should be fine if he did it outside, right?

Hence, Shi Feng visited a nearby printing shop. Soon after, he set up a large sign a short distance away from the venue of the Fellowship Party.

“Zero Wing Guild recruiting new members! Serious inquiries only!”

Although the color of the words on the sign was monochrome and looked somewhat shabby, it still clearly conveyed the meaning Shi Feng wanted. As to whether or not others would recognize the sign for what it was...

Shi Feng was not worried about that one little bit. After all, Zero Wing’s fame was not limited to just White River City, but the entire Star-Moon Kingdom. On the official forums of the Star-Moon Kingdom, Zero Wing’s popularity had long since gone off the charts.

Not to mention having eight players occupying the top positions on the Ranking List, the levels of these players had even exceeded everyone’s imaginations.

The lowest leveled player among them was Level 18. This was a level that elicited awe in others. Even when ranked throughout the entire Star-Moon Kingdom, these eight players would still be the top eight players. Not to mention a first-rate Guild, even an apex first-rate Guild could not achieve such a feat. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

How could people not yearn to join such a Guild?

Hence, many independent players wished they could join Zero Wing. There were even thousands of threads posted on the forums by independent players, all of them expressing their intentions to join Zero Wing. However, Zero Wing only recruited members at White River City, so not everyone could actually join the Guild.

Shortly after the sign was raised, it had already started attracting attention.

“Little Hao, look at that sign! It’s actually Zero Wing recruiting members!”

“Zero Wing Guild? How is that possible? That Guild is very mysterious. I heard that the strength of the eight great experts of that Guild is several times more amazing than even the experts of first-rate Guilds. How could they be recruiting members at this place? If it really is Zero Wing recruiting, I will definitely be the first one to apply.”

The passersby who noticed this sign immediately started a discussion among themselves. After all, Zero Wing was simply too famous right now. They could only be described with words such as “mysterious” and “strong.”

---

Meanwhile, in one of the lounges on the tenth floor of the hotel was an old man dressed in luxurious clothing. Although the man was already in his fifties, he had a keenness that belied his age, his sharp gaze capable of seeing through people’s hearts. This person was none other than Zhao Jianhua.

“Second Uncle, why have you come here today?” Zhao Ruoxi smiled sweetly at this old man after entering the room.

Zhao Jianhua was the younger brother of Zhao Ruoxi’s father. He was also one of the board members of the Zhao Group. However, Zhao Jianhua did not have any children of his own, so he had always loved Zhao Ruoxi dearly as if she were his own daughter, treating her like the most delicate flower in the world.

“Of course I am here to take a look at you. You’re always staying at school recently, not bothering to even pay a visit back home,” Zhao Jianhua replied with a doting smile.

“Second Uncle, you’re one of the sponsors for this get-together, right? I have a friend who wishes to join this event as well. Could you let him in?” Zhao Ruoxi said sweetly, grabbing and shaking Zhao Jianhua’s arm.

“Are you referring to that Shi Feng?” Zhao Jianhua’s brows wrinkled, his expression sinking immediately.

“How did you know, Second Uncle?” Zhao Ruoxi asked curiously.

“I was the one who arranged for him to be barred from entering. He is merely a mediocre person that came from an ordinary family. You shouldn’t associate with such a person. You are the Zhao Group’s successor, an elite standing at the very top of the pyramid of society. Others will gossip about you if they learn that you are associating with this kind of person.

“I am very clear about people like this Shi Feng. People like him will do whatever it takes to get ahead, and there is no limit to the amount of flattery he’ll spout. He does not like you at all; he simply covets the assets of the Zhao Group. I definitely won’t allow him to continue tricking you. As for Shi Feng’s side of things, I will speak with him personally.”