Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 256 - Demon

“The brat actually agreed. It seems he still has some courage to him.” Zhao Jianhua’s opinion of Shi Feng changed slightly.

Zhang Luowei was reputed to be a genius at fighting, and his mastery of Luohan Quan[1] was very high. Many professional fighters were not even his match. Meanwhile, Shi Feng was only a gamer. Although his achievement of defeating Zhou Yuhu was indeed praiseworthy, when compared to Zhang Luowei, they were still on entirely different levels.

Standing beside Zhao Jianhua, Zhao Ruoxi grew panicked.

Why is this Shi Feng acting so foolishly? Zhao Ruoxi was inwardly speechless at Shi Feng’s decision. Lan Hailong merely flattered him a little, yet he’s already acting so cocky. Doesn’t he know that Zhang Luowei is a real martial arts expert?

Meanwhile, Ling Feilong stood at a distance, sneering at Shi Feng. He had personally witnessed Shi Feng’s fight with Zhou Yuhu, so he knew Shi Feng was pretty skilled as well. However, he still had a long way to go before he was Zhang Luowei’s match. Moreover, Zhou Yuhu had taken Shi Feng lightly the last time, resulting in him being caught off guard and losing to Shi Feng in one strike. If Zhou Yuhu had paid more attention to the fight, the final result definitely wouldn’t have been so decisive. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Currently, Shi Feng and Zhang Luowei were no longer fighting as individuals. Instead, they were representing their respective Guilds in a competition. As long as Zhang Luowei defeated Shi Feng, in addition to Lan Hailong wantonly spreading the news about it, Shi Feng would definitely bring great shame to Zero Wing.

This was also the part Lan Hailong was brilliant at.

Death by overpraising!

First, he endlessly praised Shi Feng and spoke of how amazing he was in front of everyone else. Then he made Shi Feng sound as if he was representing his Guild in this competition, turning this normal exchange into a contest between two Guilds. Finally, once Zhang Luowei defeated this “amazingly powerful” Shi Feng, Lan Hailong would use this piece of information to showcase just how amazing Shadow was.

Even if Shi Feng was a middle manager of Zero Wing, he would definitely still receive a heavy punishment. After all, this matter concerned the reputation of the Guild.

Lan Hailong’s means were indeed cruel and decisive.

As the audience started cheering and discussing the competition, the staff members of the event went ahead with preparing a fighting ring for the competition.

“Who do you think will win?”

“Of course it is Zhang Luowei! He is my idol! During the university’s fighting competition, he obtained first place with great ease. None of the contestants could take three moves from him before being defeated. Although Shi Feng is also very strong, he doesn’t have much of a presence; I can feel nothing from him at all, as if he doesn’t even exist. Zhang Luowei, on the other hand, is like a cruel and ferocious beast. When I stood near him, I could feel a heavy pressure bearing down on me. When his eyes landed on me, I even felt a shiver go down my spine.”

“I agree. Shi Feng might be an expert in God’s Domain, but this is a real-life martial arts competition. It would be good if he could survive ten moves from Zhang Luowei. If this fight was held in God’s Domain, however, it would definitely be an interesting duel.”

---

While everyone was feeling pessimistic about Shi Feng’s chances of winning, Zhou Yuhu, who was resting at a corner of the event hall, walked up to Zhang Luowei’s side.

“Brother Zhang, you have to be careful when you are going up against Shi Feng. I’ve fought with him before. Although he doesn’t have remarkable strength, and his physique is no good as well, he is very experienced in combat. He has a very good grasp of when to take action, and his fists and feet are extremely nimble,” Zhou Yuhu said.

“Little Hu, you’re overthinking things. Even if Shi Feng has reached the level of a professional, I can likewise defeat him with ease. Don’t worry, I’ll return the shame he brought to you,” Zhang Luowei laughed as he clapped Zhou Yuhu’s shoulders. He was completely unaffected by Zhou Yuhu’s words. When one reached his level of skill, one’s determination would be as hard as steel.

Certainly, Zhang Luowei was not underestimating Shi Feng. He had simply reacted this way due to the arrogance of an expert. He would have confidence no matter what kind of enemy he faced.

“Brother Zhang...”

Zhou Yuhu knew that his advice had fallen on deaf ears. However, only those who had personally exchanged moves with Shi Feng would know how frightening he truly was.

If Zhang Luowei was described as a ferocious beast, then Shi Feng was like the great ocean. No matter how powerful a person was, they would be helpless in the face of Mother Nature.

In truth, Zhou Yuhu had wanted to dissuade Zhang Luowei from having a competition with Shi Feng. Only, after taking into consideration Zhang Luowei’s prestige, he had instead chosen to warn him to be careful. However, his words had clearly been in vain.

---

The staff members had very quickly enclosed an area for the martial arts competition. Although the fighting ring was somewhat smaller than one in an official setting, there was still a space of 100 square meters available. It was sufficient for two people to exchange punches and kicks with each other.

Meanwhile, Xu Wenqing, Zhao Jianhua, Chen Wu, and several other well-known figures in Jin Hai City sat in the section closest to the fighting ring. Everyone else could only stand several meters behind them to observe the fight.

In the ring, Shi Feng and Zhang Luowei stood five meters apart from each other. The former was an ordinary man who had no presence whatsoever, while the latter was like a muscular beast that looked as if he could swallow a man whole. The imposing aura Zhang Luowei emitted could cause others to tremble in fear.

A great battle between these two men could happen at any moment now.

Meanwhile, the audience around the ring started tensing up, their eyes locked on the two fighters’ every movement.

Unlike a fight between ordinary people, which would take a long time to finish, an exchange between experts would end in an instant. Hence, they were deeply afraid of missing out even the slightest detail of the brilliant exchange between the two.

In contrast, Xu Wenqing and the other influential characters were currently talking cheerfully with one another.

“Master Chen Wu, as an ex-professional fighter and a martial arts master, which of the two do you think will win in this competition?” Xu Wenqing asked, a small chuckle escaping his lips as he caressed his beard.

“I can’t say for sure. In a martial arts competition, strength and luck are both equally important. If I were to judge solely based on presence and physique, then Zhang Luowei is clearly a cut above Shi Feng. However, I have never personally witnessed how skilled Shi Feng is, so I can’t make a clear judgement.” Chen Wu shook his head, not providing a definite answer.

If it was anyone else, even if it was the first time for Chen Wu to meet them, he could still determine the person’s strength based on the presence he felt. He would then further evaluate the person’s physique and make a rough evaluation. In Shi Feng’s case, however, Chen Wu could sense nothing from him. Shi Feng’s presence was so weak that Chen Wu might overlook him.

If Shi Feng were just an ordinary person who had not defeated a combat expert like Zhou Yuhu, then Chen Wu would definitely conclude Shi Feng was a harmless white rabbit, an insignificant existence. Yet, defying all expectations, this little white rabbit had actually defeated a ferocious tiger like Zhou Yuhu. Hence, Chen Wu could not help but reevaluate his opinion of Shi Feng.

After all, if a little white rabbit could get rid of a ferocious tiger, who would believe that it was still a little white rabbit?

Even if Shi Feng was a little white rabbit, he was still a rabbit demon that was capable of killing a tiger.

If Shi Feng had truly cultivated into a demon, then his presence was merely a facade.

If one had cultivated into a demon, while the other was still an ordinary animal, the two would be on entirely different levels.

However, experts capable of cultivating themselves into a demon were extremely rare existences. The so-called “cultivating into a demon” did not refer to one becoming a demon physically, but spiritually; it also referred to wisdom. When an expert reached this realm, the martial arts they practiced would no longer be something inanimate; it would start to take on life. However, a youth like Shi Feng should not be capable of reaching such a realm yet.

Hence, Chen Wu could not determine Shi Feng’s degree of mastery.

“Master Chen Wu, how can your keen eyes fail to make a judgement? Both Shi Feng and Zhang Luowei are just youngsters. Although both of them can greatly improve in the future, you should have some indication of who will win, right?” Zhao Jianhua refused to believe Chen Wu’s words. After all, it was clear at first glance who was stronger, and who was weaker. Hence, Zhao Jianhua believed that Chen Wu was simply leaving some face for Shi Feng.

Unfortunately, Zhao Jianhua did not know that martial arts practitioners were usually forthright in their actions, even more so for a martial arts master like Chen Wu. He was always straightforward with his words, and he would never do something like twist his words around. He would only speak whatever was on his mind.

While the few of them were having their cheerful conversations...

The referee in the fighting ring sent a glance at both Shi Feng and Zhang Luowei, before abruptly swiping his hand down between the two fighters. Immediately, he shouted, “Begin!”

TL Notes:

[1] Luohan Quan: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luohan_(martial_arts)