Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 263 - Like a Hot Knife through Butter

The task that originally required two MTs to accomplish was now handled by Cola alone. Moreover, it was obvious that Cola still had energy to spare.

“Fire Dance, go lure another wave. Ye Wumian, assist Cola and attract the aggro of the Demon Maids.” Shi Feng determined that they would have no problems handling two waves of monsters at once, and that it would be much more efficient to do so.

Although the Demon Butlers would frequently inflict the Blood Curse on Cola, with two Clerics taking turns casting Dispel on him, the debuff was not a particularly big problem. Moreover, the two Clerics in the team were very skilled. It was especially true for Violet Cloud. After undergoing the baptism of the Trial of Gods, it was as if she had been reborn anew.

It was no wonder she had become a Tier 6 Cleric God shortly after clearing a six-colored trial.

Although she had only cleared a four-colored trial this time, it was already a remarkable feat. The rewards she obtained from the trial also included permanent Attribute increases, enhanced skills, weapons, equipment, and other precious items. Currently, in terms of healing power, no other healer in White River City could match Violet Cloud.

After Fire Dance lured another wave of monsters, Cola immediately aimed his shield at the three Demon Butlers and threw it, executing the Shield of Vengeance. The skill caused over -300 damage to the Demon Butlers, and their aggro instantly switched from Fire Dance to Cola.

Immediately after, Ye Wumian used Flame Charge on the four Demon Maids at the back, stunning them. He then followed up with a Thunderclap, lightning flickering and electrocuting the four Demon Maids and causing close to -100 damage to them; Ye Wumian’s damage was clearly much worse than Cola’s. The Demon Maids grew furious at being attacked, and one of them shot a Flame Explosion at Ye Wumian right away, engulfing the Shield Warrior in brilliant flames.

Ye Wumian had to retreat two steps before he could shake off the attack. His HP abruptly decreased by a large chunk as a damage of over -700 appeared above his head.

Ye Wumian had a maximum HP of 2,580 points, while his Defense was 1,875 points. When compared to all the other Shield Warriors in White River City, he could definitely be counted as a top-tier expert. After all, Ye Wumian was originally the boss of Jin Hai City’s number one Workshop; the original equipment he used was already of good quality. In addition, Fire Dance had also helped them upgrade their equipment by raiding a few Hard Mode Dungeons. Currently, most of Ye Wumian’s equipment were of Mysterious-Iron rank, while three were of Secret-Silver rank; the items that were of Secret-Silver rank were his shield, breastplate, and leg guards. Yet, even with such equipment, his Attributes were still far from being comparable to Cola’s.

“Strong!” When Aqua Rose witnessed the difference between Cola and Ye Wumian, she could not help but look at Cola, who was handling ten monsters simultaneously, in shock.

Before, when Aqua Rose watched how effortlessly Cola had lured and tanked the monsters, she had even believed for a second that they were not actually in a 20-man Hell Mode Dungeon. However, now that she had witnessed Ye Wumian tanking, she immediately woke up from her stupor. This was indeed Hell Mode. Cola was simply too powerful, making the monsters look weak instead. It was no wonder Shi Feng was confident enough to challenge the Hell Mode of the Demon’s Castle right away. With such a powerful MT, it was not impossible for them to start from Hell Mode.

“Healers, prioritize healing Ye Wumian. Everyone else, focus your attacks and kill the Demon Maids first.” Shi Feng immediately rushed into the fray after saying so, aiming for one of the Demon Maids.

“Leave it to me!” Blackie said excitedly; it was finally his turn to display his strength. He then waved his Epic ranked staff, Mavis’s Guard, sending a bombardment of spells at the Demon Maids.

Blackie’s firepower spoke for itself. Each one of his Dark Arrows caused -964 damage to the monsters, and critical hits caused -2,106 damage. If the effect of his staff, Spear of Light, triggered, he could also deal around -800 additional damage.

Blackie then used Hell Flame, dealing over -1,000 damage every second to all targets within a 10-yard radius of the targeted location. If demons did not possess high magic resistance, the damage of this spell would have been even higher.

Compared to Blackie, Aqua Rose’s damage as an Elementalist was much weaker. Every time she used Flame Explosion or Chain Explosion, she could only deal -670 damage or so. Aqua Rose felt slightly depressed at this scene. After all, she used to be an honorary elder of Twilight Echo, yet her damage was actually lower than Blackie’s by over 300 points.

However, Aqua Rose did not know that Blackie held an Epic ranked staff in his hands. If she were to find out about it, she would definitely jump in shock.

As for the other mages in the team, the damage they dealt was all above -500 or so.

As for the melee players, Fire Dance stood out the most. Although she only dealt around -280 damage with her normal attacks and her skills dealt around -460 damage, her Attack Speed with the two daggers was extremely fast. When she attacked a Demon Maid, not only was the Demon Maid unable to use any spells, its HP also madly decreased. After Fire Dance accumulated eight stars’ worth of energy, she immediately used Eviscerate on the Demon Maid, dealing over -2,400 damage to the monster.

As for Lonely Snow the Berserker, although his weapon was only a Level 15 Secret-Silver ranked two-handed axe, his normal attacks still dealt over -500 damage; his attacks that achieved a critical hit dealt over -900 damage. However, when compared to an Assassin, his attack rate was much lower.

In regard to the damage output of the eight great experts of Zero Wing, the newly joined Five Demon Generals and the four experts from Green Leaf Workshop had long since grown numb of it. Not to mention, the power the experts of Zero Wing showed right now was only the tip of the iceberg.

Just as Aqua Rose and Icy Fruit were getting over their shock, Shi Feng’s damage once again blew their minds away.

Shi Feng looked just like the Grim Reaper when he brandished the Abyssal Blade and the Silver Lake, sweeping through the monsters like a violent tornado. Just his normal attacks alone dealt over -350 damage. However, that was not the end. When his attacks achieved a critical hit, they dealt over -700 damage. Sometimes, triple critical hits would even appear, dealing over -1,000 damage in a single attack. Meanwhile, due to Shi Feng’s high attack rate, the chances for double critical hits were also very high. It was a very pleasing sight to behold.

Shi Feng then used Thundering Flash, three arcs of lightning passing through all the elite monsters. Instantly, damages of -510, -721, and -1,020 appeared above the monsters’ heads. Some of the monsters had even received critical hits, multiplying the damage they received by twofold, and even threefold.

Immediately after, Shi Feng activated Dark Violent Dance, the skill enabling him to spread 40% of the target damage towards enemies within a 12-yard cone in front of him. Every time he slashed his sword, the 14 Elite monsters behind his main target would receive over -100 damage. If he executed the Level 10 Chop, the 14 monsters would instantly receive over -300 damage.

Although Shi Feng’s damage was frightening, it was not his most amazing aspect. Instead, the area he excelled at the most was his perfect grasp of timing and the overall situation. As long as these Elite monsters showed the slightest signs of leaving the group, he would immediately execute Thunder Flame Explosion, placing all these Elite monsters into a Fainted state. As a result, the two MTs would have more time to react to the situation, readjusting their positions and retaking the aggro of the monsters.

Although Aqua Rose had long since known of Shi Feng’s strength, she still could not help but be shocked when she personally witnessed Shi Feng’s damage output. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

After killing these two waves of Elites, Shi Feng took a look at the team’s Damage Output List.

“Hah, I’m no good anymore. It’s been too long since I upgraded my equipment. I never thought I would deal only this little damage.” Shi Feng smiled bitterly.

Although Shi Feng’s total damage ranked at the very top of the team, his damage exceeding even Blackie’s, in terms of single-attack output, he was far from being Blackie’s match.

All this time, Shi Feng had been busy making money and increasing his Guild’s backing. Hence, he did not get much of a chance to upgrade his own equipment. Presently, he was still using the Level 10 Mysterious-Iron Set Equipment, the Wind Extinguisher set. He only had three pieces of Secret-Silver Equipment on his entire person, and they were even Level 10 equipment only...

Shi Feng depended mainly on the Abyssal Blade and his Pseudo-extraordinary item, the Blazing Meteor, to produce his frightening damage. Without them, he would only rank around fifth or sixth place at best within the team.

However, Shi Feng’s words had immediately earned him the contemptuous gazes of everyone in the team.

If Shi Feng, who ranked first in terms of damage output, said he was no good, then what were they supposed to be?

Following which, under Shi Feng’s command, everyone advanced deeper into the castle, killing hundreds of Elites and a dozen or so Special Elites. Of the latter, the Demon Hounds were extremely ferocious. Moreover, these Demon Hounds moved in groups of four. Fortunately, Cola was capable of tanking three of these monsters at once, leaving the remaining one to Ye Wumian. If Cola had not been sufficiently strong, they would have definitely team-wiped.

Naturally, the team’s harvest was also bountiful. Aside from a few Tier 1 Gemstones, and Bronze and Mysterious-Iron Equipment, they had also obtained two pieces of Secret-Silver Equipment. One of them was a cloth-armor chest piece for Elementalists, which was promptly distributed to Aqua Rose. The other item was cloth-armor shoes for Clerics. As Violet Cloud already had excellent equipment, she had no need for the shoes at all. Hence, the equipment was given to the other Cleric in the team, Icy Fruit.

“The profits of a 20-man Hell Mode Team Dungeon is truly high. We have obtained so many Mysterious-Iron Equipment just from the Elite monsters. The Special Elites even drop Secret-Silver Equipment,” Aqua Rose exclaimed. Just the harvest they reaped from arriving at the first Boss was already comparable to the harvest of raiding a Hard Mode Team Dungeon. If they could kill one or two Bosses this time, they would definitely make a huge profit.

“It’s still too early to get excited. Save your joy for after we finish raiding this Boss before us.” Shi Feng’s pupils contracted, focusing his gaze towards the center of the arena. A tall heavy-armored knight with bloodshot eyes stood there, an aura of bloodthirst surrounding it.

[Knight Captain Justin Freed] (Demonic Being, Lord Rank)

Level 16

HP 880,000/880,000