Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2637 – Astonishing Memory Crystal

The commotion caused by the Ancient Legacy Stele was huge. Even Crimson Star and the others, who were resting over 3,000 yards away, sensed the unusual Mana fluctuation from the stele.

“Did something happen over there? This Mana fluctuation rivals what Tier 5 NPCs cause when using Tier 5 Spells,” Crimson Star exclaimed as she turned toward the Mana fluctuation’s origin, horror coloring her eyes.

“Isn’t that Guild Leader Black Flame’s current location? Did something happen to him?” Wildfighter similarly revealed a serious expression on his face when he felt the intense Mana fluctuation.

Tier 5 NPCs were existences that stood at the apex of God’s Domain. The Tier 5 Spells used by these NPCs could wreak great devastation. Before such Spells, Tier 3 players like themselves wouldn’t even be able to put up the slightest bit of resistance. Everyone present would be instantly killed.

Meanwhile, all sorts of dangers filled this trial space. The trial monsters weren’t the only threat here. There were also plenty of traps and dangerous events that occurred at random. An ambush by a Tier 5 Spell was well within the range of possibilities.

If something really happened to Shi Feng, then it would deal a huge blow to the entire team. After all, their team revolved around Shi Feng. Even though the experts on the team understood that Aqua Rose was the person leading them all this time, if he disappeared, many of those experts would most likely question her leadership.

In this situation, Aqua Rose had to contact Shi Feng immediately.

“Guild Leader, is everything alright on your side?” Aqua Rose asked worriedly.

Currently, nobody was more anxious than she was about this sudden Mana fluctuation. She knew that Shi Feng was under the Demon God’s Curse, which tripled his death penalty. Meanwhile, players inside the trial space could only wait to get automatically resurrected. Hence, if an ordinary player needed one day to get automatically resurrected, then Shi Feng would need three days. If he died right now, then their odds of clearing the Hero Trial would become even slimmer.

“Relax, everything’s fine. I just unlocked the information recorded on the stele,” Shi Feng said, smiling when he saw the anxious look on Aqua Rose’s face.

“Unlocking the information actually caused such a huge commotion?” Aqua Rose was stunned when she heard Shi Feng’s words.

This was definitely the strongest Mana fluctuation she had experienced in God’s Domain. If this Mana fluctuation were due to a Spell, she wouldn’t be surprised if it destroyed an entire NPC city. However, Shi Feng was telling her that this frightening Mana fluctuation was merely a consequence of unlocking the recorded information on the stele. This was simply unbelievable.

“This is information left behind by an Ancient God. It is naturally extraordinary. However, I still need some time to complete the unlocking process. For now, continue clearing the trial monsters on your side. I’ll meet up with you once I’m done,” Shi Feng explained and chuckled.

In reality, the Mana fluctuation had surprised even Shi Feng.

From what he knew about Ancient Legacy Steles, the strength of the Mana fluctuation when the recorded information was unlocked was an indicator of the recorded information’s value. Generally, though, the Mana fluctuations that occurred extended only one or two thousand yards.

Now, however, the Mana fluctuation from this Ancient Legacy Stele reached Aqua Rose’s location, roughly 3,000 yards away. It rivaled the Ancient Legacy Stele found in the Ancient God’s Tomb, a Level 150-plus ancient secret land.

However, the Ancient God’s Tomb’s minimum entry requirement was Tier 4.

“Alright, I’ll notify the others,” Aqua Rose answered. After giving the matter some thought, she found Shi Feng’s words reasonable. Since the information recorded on the stele was something left behind by an Ancient God, it naturally wouldn’t be something ordinary. She then turned to the rest of the team and said, “Everyone, please rest assured. Nothing has happened to the Guild Leader. The Guild Leader said that this Mana fluctuation is merely a consequence of him unlocking the information recorded on the stele. He says that he is not in any danger and that we should continue clearing out the remaining trial monsters. He will rejoin us shortly.”

Aqua Rose’s words kindled a sense of admiration toward Shi Feng in everyone in the team. They hadn’t thought that Shi Feng would actually be able to obtain something from the stele. After a brief discussion, they promptly resumed clearing out the trial monsters in their path.

In the meantime, Shi Feng was staring intently at the gradually forming crystal hovering before him.

When extracting information from Ancient Legacy Steles, once players successfully learned the magic arrays recorded on a stele and drew them, the drawn magic arrays would gather Mana from the surroundings to create a Memory Crystal. This was one of the more common methods Ancient Gods used to pass down their Legacies. After all, compared to books, Memory Crystals were much better at withstanding the ravages of time. So long as the Memory Crystal was intact, there wouldn’t be any need to worry about parts of the information getting lost.

Three hours... Six hours... Nine hours...

After the magic arrays gathered Mana for 15 consecutive hours, a Memory Crystal the size of four adult fists took shape before Shi Feng. This Memory Crystal was at least triple the size of ordinary Memory Crystals.

“Amazing! Just what is recorded in it?” Shi Feng gazed at the Memory Crystal before him in astonishment.

The Memory Crystals that Eliadi had given him already contained a ton of information. If not for his brain capacity being sufficiently high, he would’ve lost consciousness when accepting all that information.

The Memory Crystal before him, however, was three times larger than the ones the Heavenly Blue Saint had given him. The amount of information contained within this unusually large Memory Crystal was definitely several dozen times more. Shi Feng could not even begin to imagine what kind of information awaited him.

After observing the Memory Crystal for a brief moment, Shi Feng then tapped his finger on it to access its recorded information. He was really eager to find out what it contained.

However, as soon as he did so, he was stunned.

... Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

System: This Memory Crystal is extremely unstable and can remain in existence for only two natural days before disappearing.

System: Warning! You have discovered a Large Memory Crystal. Because of insufficient Concentration, you are unable to read the information completely. If you persist in reading the information, there is a very large chance you will enter a deep coma. Do you still wish to read the information?

...

I can’t read it even as a Tier 3 player? The system notifications took Shi Feng aback. Just what is recorded inside?

This was definitely the first time he had come across such a situation. In fact, he had never heard of something like this happening before.

It seems I toiled for nothing. Sure enough, the information recorded on an Ancient Legacy Stele really isn’t easy to obtain. Shi Feng smiled bitterly as he looked at the Memory Crystal in his hands.

Having insufficient Concentration wasn’t a problem that could be solved quickly.

Items capable of raising one’s Concentration were extremely rare in God’s Domain. The Concentration he could receive from raising his levels and improving his equipment was also negligible at best. If he couldn’t process the recorded information with the Concentration of a Tier 3 player, then he would have to wait until he had completed his Tier 4 promotion.

As for forcefully trying to read the recorded information, this was absolutely out of the question.

Ostensibly, there was only a very large chance for him to enter a deep coma. In reality, if he did try to read the information, then he was guaranteed to fall into a coma. The time he would lose from being in a coma was one thing. What he truly feared was the irreparable brain damage. If that happened, he would have a much more difficult time with future tier promotions—something he definitely didn’t want. Even if the information recorded in this Memory Crystal was incredibly valuable, he still wouldn’t trade his future for it. After all, compared to the information left behind by an Ancient God, reaching Tier 5 and Tier 6 was much more important.

Wait! There’s another method I can use to read this Memory Crystal! Just as Shi Feng was about to store the Memory Crystal, he received a sudden inspiration. Divine Will! If I can polish myself using the Tier 4 Divine Will, I can push my Concentration from the peak of Tier 3 to the Tier 4 standard. So long as my Concentration reaches the Tier 4 standard, I shouldn’t have any problems reading the information recorded in this!

The more Shi Feng thought about it, the more he found his plan to be feasible.

Anyone else would still have difficulties pushing their Concentration to the Tier 4 standard within two short days, even if they could train themselves using the Tier 4 Divine Will. However, it was a different story for him.

Thanks to his Advanced Bloodline, his Concentration standard had long since reached the peak of Tier 3, just a step shy of the Tier 4 standard. Moreover, he was very familiar with training using the Divine Will. Given one day, he had an excellent chance of pushing his Concentration to the Tier 4 standard.

No sooner had Shi Feng stored the Memory Crystal than Aqua Rose called him and announced, “Guild Leader, we discovered the Trial Boss!”