Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2652 – Eastern Continent

God’s Domain, Eastern Continent:

In a vast desert, a black hole with a six-meter radius suddenly appeared. All Mana within a 50-yard radius promptly surged toward it as if summoned. In the blink of an eye, the area around the black hole became a Manaless area that players could not survive in.

At the same time as this Manaless area formed, a figure emerged from the black hole and landed on the sandy ground. Although the vicinity was devoid of Mana, the body of this figure was actually wrapped in a dense layer of Mana and remained utterly unaffected by the harsh environment.

I’m finally out. Shi Feng stared in disgust at the gradually dissipating black hole. That ancient ruin’s random teleportation array is simply a scam. Other random teleportation arrays teleport players directly to their destination, yet this one actually makes players go through a spatial maze first. If I couldn’t fly, I would’ve most likely been stuck inside that spatial maze for about five or six hours.

He had used random teleportation arrays in God’s Domain before, but this was definitely the first time he had come across such a bizarre random teleportation array.

Entering the black hole on the western continent transported him into a gigantic spatial maze, and he had to search for the exit himself. However, that still wasn’t the worst part. What was worse were the many Void Creatures inside the maze. Fortunately, these Void Creatures were only around Level 120, and the majority of them were at the Great Lord standard only. Moreover, he possessed Gale Domain, which granted him the ability to fly, so he was able to easily shake off the monsters chasing after him and search for the exit quickly.

After inwardly grumbling a little, Shi Feng took out a Return Scroll for White River City. He wanted to take a look at White River City’s condition immediately.

However, when Shi Feng unfurled the Return Scroll and started activating it, the sound of a system notification immediately entered his ears.

...

System: A strange energy is sealing this area. All forms of teleportation cannot be used here.

...

I can’t teleport here? Shi Feng frowned upon seeing this notification. Was I unlucky and got teleported to a forbidden land?

In God’s Domain, aside from some special locations, forbidden lands were the only places that prohibited the use of Return Scrolls. Meanwhile, the chances of a random teleportation array sending players into special locations were zero because such locations had to be entered using specific methods. As for forbidden lands, they only prevented players from teleporting out of them and not into them.

It seems I have no choice but to fly out of this place. Having no better option, Shi Feng stored his Return Scroll and took out the Thunder Eagle Summoning Flute.

However, a second after he tried to summon the Thunder Eagle, he was dumbfounded once more.

...

System: A strange energy is sealing this area. Flying Mounts cannot be used.

...

“What is this place?! It actually prohibits the use of Flying Mounts?!” Shi Feng was truly stunned when he saw this system notification.

As far as he remembered, forbidden lands generally did not prohibit the use of Flying Mounts. Those that did were usually Level 150-plus forbidden lands!

Even with his current self, he would not dare set foot into such high-level forbidden lands. The main reason for this wasn’t him lacking levels but the possibility of Tier 5 World Bosses spawning in Level 150-plus forbidden lands. Against a Tier 5 World Boss, even a player of his caliber would be no different from an ant.

While Shi Feng was grappling with this headache, a weak ripple of Mana came from far away. He turned reflexively to look at its source, but the only thing he could make out was a bunch of ant-like figures fighting in the distance. By his estimates, those figures should be more than 1,500 yards away.

What’s going on? Shi Feng was stupefied by this situation.

For Tier 3 players, 1,500 yards was already the very limit of their visual range. At such a great distance, unless the other side was using large-scale destruction Spells influencing a radius of several hundred yards, he shouldn’t be able to sense any Mana fluctuations from his position. However, such Spells were definitely beyond the capabilities of Tier 3 magical-class players. And from what he could see, the figures in question weren’t using Spells of such scale and power, either.

Is this an effect of having Tier 4 Concentration? After giving the matter some thought, Shi Feng could think of only this explanation for this situation. This discovery astonished him. No wonder I was never able to escape Tier 4 players once I got discovered.

A perception range of 1,500 yards!

This perception range was already on superhuman levels. The perception range Tier 3 players possessed couldn’t even come close.

Previously, no magical battles had taken place in his vicinity after his Concentration had reached the Tier 4 standard. Moreover, he had been in a Mana-rich environment, so he didn’t sense any particular changes to his perception of Mana. However, now that he had arrived in a place with very thin Mana, he became extraordinarily sensitive to the changes in Mana.

Nonetheless, Shi Feng did not dwell on the matter. With quick steps, he made his way toward the origin of the Mana fluctuations since he could sense that the cause of these Mana fluctuations were players.

With the system map inaccessible, he couldn’t tell where he was right now. Hence, collecting information about his current location was of utmost importance. Otherwise, he wouldn’t even know how he could return to Star-Moon Kingdom. Meanwhile, players were undoubtedly the best source of information.

A short moment later, Shi Feng arrived on a sand dune roughly 400 yards from the battlefield. Standing on the sand dune, he had an unobstructed view of the entire battlefield.

Sure enough, they’re players.

Currently, a 200-man team of players was fighting several dozen strange monsters while protecting a dozen or so carriages and a group of NPCs.

...

[Faux Saint Saboteur] (Elemental Creature, Great Lord)

Level 112

HP 120,000,000/120,000,000

[Faux Saint Destroyer] (Elemental Creature, Grand Lord)

Level 114

HP 450,000,000/450,000,000

... Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The bodies of these strange monsters were pure white, looking like white statues. Every one of these monsters brandished weapons and wore armor. Although they weren’t very high-leveled, every one of them was using Spells in combat. Moreover, they also possessed very high combat standards, with even the weakest among them at the fifth-floor Trial Tower standard.

As for the players fighting these monsters, they were all at Level 110 or above. Although these players were coping against these monsters, it was obvious that they were at a disadvantage. If not for the team’s eight Tier 3 experts holding off the two Faux Saint Destroyers, the team would’ve long since suffered annihilation.

“Vice Commander Wind, we can’t continue like this. Two Destroyers are already far beyond our capability,” the male Tier 3 Shield Warrior tanking one of the Faux Saint Destroyers said as he turned to look at the female Tier 3 Swordsman tackling the other Faux Saint Destroyer.

The female Swordsman in question was clad in crimson armor and wielded two swords. By relying on her profound footwork, she managed to evade the Faux Saint Destroyer’s Spells one after another. Occasionally, she also landed an attack on the Grand Lord and dealt some damage. From her performance, it was clear that she was at the Flowing Water Realm standard.

After putting some distance between herself and the Faux Saint Destroyer before her, the female Swordsman replied, “I know. I’ve already contacted the commander for reinforcements, but the commander’s team is still some distance away. They’ll need around two hours to reach us.”

“Two hours? We won’t last that long!” the Tier 3 Shield Warrior exclaimed, exasperated.

Currently, although they were pinning down the two Faux Saint Destroyers, the rest of the team had their hands full with the Faux Saint Saboteurs. Overall, their entire team was barely doing any damage to these monsters. Meanwhile, at the rate they were expending Stamina, they wouldn’t last more than an hour against these monsters.

In regard to this situation, the female Swordsman also could not help feeling frustrated.

If it were possible, she would have given the command to escape. However, these Faux Saint monsters possessed an incredibly wide perception range. So long as players came across them, it was basically impossible to escape them. And even if they disregarded this fact and tried to flee, they would simply be making things worse. After all, this entire desert that they were in teemed with Faux Saint monsters. It was very easy for them to attract the attention of more Faux Saint monsters and put themselves in a worse situation.

Just as everyone in the team was despairing, a voice suddenly entered their ears.

“I’ll lure these two Grand Lords away! The rest of you focus on getting rid of the Great Lords!”