Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2675 – Change in Times on the Eastern Continent

After White Feather finished speaking, the heavy atmosphere inside the meeting room grew even heavier. For a moment, it felt as if time inside the room had stopped as the room became indescribably silent.

“They lost? Moreover, all of them got killed? How is that possible?!”

After snapping out of her shock, Cold Shadow felt that White Feather was kidding her. Either that, or there was a mistake in the information reported.

The Faux Saint army and Saint’s Hand’s failure to destroy Silverwing Town was already plenty unbelievable.

Now, however, she was actually being told that not only did the Faux Saint army and Saint’s Hand suffer defeat, but Zero Wing had even annihilated them. She would rather believe that Zero Wing had instantly destroyed a superpower than this nonsense.

After all, over four million Faux Saint monsters had marched on Silverwing Town. Moreover, the weakest monsters in the army were Great Lord ranked Faux Saint Saboteurs. Even a six-man party led by a Tier 3 expert would need around ten minutes just to kill one of them.

Even if every Faux Saint monster stood still and allowed Silverwing Town’s players to whale away at them, it would take ages for the players to annihilate the Faux Saint monsters.

Meanwhile, it had been, at most, two hours since the Faux Saint army launched its attack on Silverwing Town. How could Zero Wing possibly annihilate the army in such a short time?

Besides, the Grand Lord ranked Faux Saint Destroyers were monsters that would flee from battle once their high HP fell to a certain level. With more than 100,000 Faux Saint Destroyers fleeing in multiple directions, the players in Silverwing Town couldn’t hunt down every one of them, even if the number of players was multiplied tenfold.

Nevertheless, White Feather and the various representatives present all revealed a bitter smile filled with self-ridicule upon hearing Cold Shadow’s question.

They truly wished that the information their subordinates had just relayed to them was false. However, the report they received contained not just words, but numerous images and videos as well. In fact, the report was so detailed that they could not help but wonder if they were dreaming. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Normally, even when relaying urgent information, their subordinates would send them only a few paragraphs of text. Now, however, their subordinates were behaving like diligent, hot-blooded youths. Just the videos they included in the report numbered over a dozen. There were even narrative texts accompanying each video, as if their subordinates were afraid that they would not understand the events recorded.

In response to Cold Shadow’s question, White Feather did not bother wasting words on an explanation. Instead, she forwarded the report her subordinate sent her to Cold Shadow.

When Cold Shadow finished looking through White Feather’s report, her entire person fell into a daze, her reaction not much better than White Feather’s and the others’.

An impenetrable defensive magic array!

Over 300 Personal Guards capable of overwhelming the Faux Saint monsters!

A Tier 4 NPC guard capable of heavily injuring eight Faux Saint Devourers in a single hit!

A Tier 4 Personal Guard capable of immobilizing and vaporizing over a thousand expert players with just a thought!

Each piece of information was practically more exaggerated and unbelievable than the one before.

If not for Cold Shadow being certain that Saint’s Hand aimed to annihilate Zero Wing and knowing that the Faux Saint army marching to Silverwing Town was real, she would’ve thought that Saint’s Hand had joined hands with Zero Wing to toy with her.

...

Meanwhile, aside from the superpowers attending the alliance discussion, the various powers all over the eastern continent were also in an uproar.

“So, this is Zero Wing’s true strength?”

“Amazing! It’s no wonder Black Flame thought nothing of Thousand Eyes’s threat and even killed him directly. With such strength, who could possibly take down Silverwing Town?”

“A Tier 4 Personal Guard? It seems times are going to change on the eastern continent.”

...

The various powers of God’s Domain had never thought that the Faux Saint army would fail to destroy Silverwing Town, much less suffer such an overwhelming defeat. However, rather than the Faux Saint army’s defeat, what truly shocked the various powers was the strength of Tier 4 NPCs, or rather their gross misjudgment of the strength of Tier 4 NPCs.

Previously, although they were in awe of Tier 4 NPCs, it was only at the level of the awe they felt for Mythic monsters.

Nowadays, however, the number of Tier 3 experts in God’s Domain was on a constant uptick. The number of Tier 3 Skills and Spells Tier 3 experts learned had also increased substantially. Tier 3 experts with fully unlocked Mana Bodies were also appearing one after another. Hence, expert players that possessed combat power approaching the Tier 4 standard were no longer as rare as before. In fact, killing Level 100-plus Mythic monsters had already become a normal occurrence for players in the current God’s Domain.

Hence, no one felt much awe toward Tier 4 NPCs anymore. They all thought that Tier 4 NPCs were no longer anything special. At most, they were just slightly stronger than Mythic monsters and could play a relatively significant role only in small-scale battles, and not affect the big picture at all.

However, after watching Craig Midlands’s and Versailles’s performances, the various powers realized that they had been sorely mistaken.

Let alone being capable of affecting the big picture of God’s Domain, everything below Tier 4 was basically an ant before Tier 4 NPCs. The number of Tier 3 players or monsters that Tier 4 NPCs had to face did not matter. They could easily annihilate their opponents with a single wave of their hands.

Previously, many of the eastern continent’s superpowers had felt gleeful over the fact that they had surpassed Zero Wing in the number of Tier 3 experts they possessed. In fact, their number of Tier 3 experts had grown so large that even Tier 3 Personal Guards would not be capable of stopping them. This was also why many superpowers had started having designs on Zero Wing’s Stone Forest City.

However, after Craig Midlands’s and Versailles’s performances, these superpowers realized that their thoughts were laughable.

Zero Wing’s main force had disappeared? Zero Wing was no longer as strong as before? Zero Wing was merely relying on its past prestige to survive? It was only a matter of time before the various superpowers devoured Zero Wing completely? What a bunch of nonsense. Every one of these assumptions was outrageously mistaken.

...

Meanwhile, inside the Dark World, a commotion was also sweeping through the entire Otherworld due to the Faux Saint army’s defeat.

“Amazing! After this blow, the powers that are secretly taking action in the Dark World will have to think twice!” Blue Rainbow balled her fists in excitement when she got to the end of her subordinate’s report.

Previously, although Dark Rhapsody had managed to develop rapidly due to its partnership with Zero Wing, the pressure the Dark World’s various powers placed on Dark Rhapsody had also risen steadily. As a result, safeguarding the Dark World’s Teleportation Gate became increasingly difficult.

To make matters worse, World Domination had also pulled off a huge comeback, using some unknown method to raise the levels and strength of its Guild members rapidly. It had also secretly allied with many of the Dark World’s powers and incessantly ambushed Dark Rhapsody’s members, inflicting significant losses on Dark Rhapsody. As a result, not only did Dark Rhapsody’s influence in the Dark World not increase, but it was even decreasing with each passing day.

Recently, the various rumors of Zero Wing’s eventual downfall had even swayed the opinions of part of Dark Rhapsody’s upper echelon, which, in turn, shattered the Guild’s unity. Those senior members all thought that Dark Rhapsody would only be doomed if it continued partnering with Zero Wing and had suggested that the Guild partner with World Domination instead.

However, with the appearance of a Tier 4 Personal Guard in Zero Wing, who would dare continue opposing Dark Rhapsody’s partnership with Zero Wing?

...

Meanwhile, during the time Zero Wing’s various partners were rejoicing, the war at Silverwing Town had also entered its final phase. With the Faux Saint army annihilated, thousands of Zero Wing members were currently helping the various independent players tally their contribution in the war with excited expressions on their faces.

Although the Faux Saint monsters did not drop any loot, they granted a lot of EXP—easily three or four times more than ordinary monsters of the same rank and level. This was also one of the reasons why many players still chose to operate in the Faux Saint monsters’ territory instead of heading for safer locations.

Operating within the Faux Saint monsters’ territory might be very dangerous, but with how much EXP these monsters granted, so long as one did not die, one’s leveling speed would be at least two times faster than if one grinded elsewhere.

After Silverwing Town successfully annihilated the Faux Saint army without sustaining any casualties, the EXP everyone got was through the roof. The Zero Wing members that had participated in this war had leveled up once on average, with the lower-leveled members even gaining two levels through this war. Their leveling speed was simply unprecedented.

At the same time, Silverwing Town’s victory induced the players and adventurer teams operating in the other Guild Towns established within the Orc Empire to make their way to Silverwing Town, all wishing to develop there. In fact, there were many Tier 3 experts seeking to join Zero Wing as well. This situation overjoyed Youlan and Melancholic Smile.

Currently, what Zero Wing lacked the most were Tier 3 experts. Due to Zero Wing’s main force members’ absence and the fact that most Level 100-plus Dungeons had a Tier 3 requirement for entry, Zero Wing had a very difficult time obtaining the rare materials available only in Level 100-plus Dungeons. The Guild could only purchase and trade for these materials. However, the various powers all considered these materials strategic resources and rarely ever chose to sell them. This, in turn, limited Zero Wing’s production of Level 100-plus weapons and equipment.

Meanwhile, as Silverwing Town’s players were celebrating their victory, Shi Feng made his way back to Zero Wing’s Residence. He planned to log out of the game and get some rest.

Previously, because he had killed another eight Faux Saint Devourers, he had gained another eight Soul Marks. Although none of these Soul Marks contained a Soul Array like before, they had refreshed his brain and triggered extraordinary activity. This definitely wasn’t normal for him, as he had been online for over ten days already. He needed to log off to rest and inspect his body.

While waiting for the 30-second log-out process to complete, Shi Feng suddenly received a call request from Youlan.

“Guild Leader, Mythology’s Fang Shihan suddenly visited the main headquarters. Our people couldn’t stop her and her entourage from entering the building at all. They’re currently in the main lobby, and she says she wants to have a discussion with you. She says it is related to Zero Wing’s future. Do you wish to meet her?” Youlan asked anxiously.

“Looking for me?” Shi Feng was a little surprised by Youlan’s words. Smiling, he continued, “This is interesting. Have someone lead them to the top-floor reception room. I’ll head over immediately.”