Chapter 2677 – Identity Exposed?

When Fang Shihan finished speaking, a moment of silence enveloped the entire room.

“Black Flame?”

“He’s that Black Flame?”

Standing behind Fang Shihan, Matt and White Feather gaped at Shi Feng in incredulity.

By this time, there was most likely nobody among the superpowers that did not know the name Black Flame. In fact, this name was even feared among them.

After all, Black Flame’s individual strength was simply too astonishing. He had relied on his own strength to develop Zero Wing to its current scale—a feat that had already become a legend on the eastern continent—which made him an existence that countless players looked up to and worshipped.

However, Black Flame’s identity was incredibly mysterious. Even now, nobody knew Black Flame’s true identity in the real world. Many powers and players suspected that Black Flame possessed an incredibly powerful origin and that the power behind him was even more mysterious. Some people even believed that, despite Black Flame’s in-game appearance, his actual age exceeded 35 already. He definitely wasn’t as young as he looked in the game. After all, it was possible for players to adjust their appearances when creating their game characters in God’s Domain. It wasn’t strange for someone to look a decade or two younger.

However, Fang Shihan was saying that Shi Feng—someone who was still in his early twenties—was the legendary Guild Leader of Zero Wing, Black Flame. This was incredible.

Meanwhile, when Liang Jing, beside Shi Feng, heard Fang Shihan’s words, she couldn’t help tensing up inwardly. Shi Feng’s true identity was a core secret of Zero Wing that only the Guild’s core upper echelon knew. She was apprised of this secret only because her responsibilities required her to know about it.

Zero Wing was able to develop to its current state due largely to the mystery behind Black Flame’s identity. Many superpowers had guessed that Black Flame actually had a powerful backer. Otherwise, he couldn’t have become so powerful. However, as the various superpowers were unable to uncover any information regarding Black Flame’s real identity, no matter what, they had never dared to take any drastic actions against Zero Wing.

Now that Fang Shihan had discovered Shi Feng’s identity as Black Flame, the consequences for Zero Wing would be unimaginable.

However, Liang Jing quickly suppressed the urge to refute Fang Shihan’s words. She knew very clearly that if she were to show any signs of panic or rebuttal now, she would only confirm Fang Shihan’s deduction. The only thing she could do now was remain silent and let Shi Feng handle the problem.

As Matt and White Feather stared at Shi Feng, Shi Feng sighed.

“That’s right. Miss Fang is indeed correct. I am Zero Wing’s Guild Leader, Black Flame,” Shi Feng said, nodding.

Upon hearing Shi Feng’s acknowledgment, both Matt and White Feather goggled involuntarily, immense shock flooding their hearts. They never dreamed that Fang Shihan’s deduction was actually correct.

Liang Jing also could not help growing anxious in this situation. She hadn’t thought that Shi Feng would come clean without hesitation. This was simply insane.

“You’re actually not even going to try to refute me?” Fang Shihan was a little surprised at Shi Feng’s response.

In her opinion, Black Flame’s identity was pivotal to Zero Wing’s development. The situation inside God’s Domain aside, just the various superpowers and corporations keeping a close eye on Zero Wing in the real world would be more than enough to land the Guild in serious trouble. After all, with Black Flame’s identity exposed, the various superpowers and corporations would no longer fear Zero Wing.

“I doubt it would matter even if I tried to refute you. After all, I suddenly got stuck inside my virtual gaming cabin and lost contact with the outside world for so many days. With you constantly probing the situation inside Zero Wing’s main headquarters, it’d be difficult for me to avoid suspicion,” Shi Feng said.

Ever since he left the space-time maze, he had a feeling that his identity as Black Flame had already been exposed. After all, many of Zero Wing’s matters in the real world required his, or to be precise, “Shi Feng’s” approval and input to proceed. Be it in God’s Domain or the real world, Zero Wing’s management had fallen into a state where it lacked a unified command with both “Shi Feng” and “Black Flame” unavailable. It was very easy for others to suspect his identity in such a situation.

“As expected of Guild Leader Black Flame. You were able to guess immediately why I suspected you to be Black Flame,” Fang Shihan said, smiling. “Truthfully, if not for the unexpected incident this time, I would have difficulty confirming you’re Black Flame. After all, who would ever think that an unknown young man who just graduated from university recently and never received the standardized training of a superpower is actually an expert ranked within the top 30 of the God’s Domain Experts List?”

In God’s Domain, any expert capable of ranking within the top 30 of the God’s Domain Experts List either came from a superpower or was an expert that had mingled in the virtual gaming world for several decades already. As for the young experts that were currently shining in God’s Domain, while their talent was part of the reason why they had managed to achieve their current success, a larger part of the reason was their powerful backers. Otherwise, how would they obtain the large amount of resources and training they needed to grow?

However, what about Shi Feng? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Despite his youth and lack of backing, he had managed to climb his way into the top 30 of the God’s Domain Experts List. In fact, he might’ve entered the top 10 already. Who could possibly believe this?

Matt and White Feather fell into deep thought, pondering this situation.

If not for their great trust in Fang Shihan and their knowledge of Fang Shihan’s personality and how she wouldn’t do anything that was unlikely to succeed, they wouldn’t have dared believe that Shi Feng was actually Black Flame. This was especially true for White Feather, who had personally witnessed Black Flame’s strength before.

After watching Black Flame fight, White Feather was certain that he wasn’t some virtual gaming greenhorn. The ferocity and decisiveness that he had displayed in his actions, as well as his wealth of combat experience, was something not even she, someone who had been with Mythology for more than a decade, could achieve. However, she was now hearing that an unknown, fresh university graduate was behind the character of Black Flame.

“Miss Fang, you aren’t here for only a small matter as verifying my identity, right?” Shi Feng asked calmly as he looked at Fang Shihan, who had a slightly excited expression on her face.

“A small matter? Guild Leader Black Flame, do you know how much trouble Zero Wing will be in if the various powers find out about your identity?” White Feather could not help but remind Shi Feng when she saw his nonchalant attitude. “Even if Mythology doesn’t do anything, so long as we spread this information, Zero Wing will instantly be devoured by the various powers, leaving nothing!”

If the various powers were to learn of Black Flame’s true identity, they wouldn’t stop at just harassing Zero Wing, yet Shi Feng actually placed no importance on this matter whatsoever.

“Feather, that’s enough. I am indeed here for more than just this matter,” Fang Shihan said as she gestured for White Feather to stand back. She then turned to Shi Feng and continued, “Since you are being so straightforward, I’ll just go straight to the point, Guild Leader Black Flame. By this time, I’m afraid I’m not the only person to have realized your identity. I believe it won’t be long before this piece of information spreads to the various powers, as well. When that happens, I’m sure you know what kind of outcome awaits Zero Wing.”

“What are you trying to say, then?” Shi Feng asked, a smile forming on his face.

“Stone Forest City and the method to grasp the Spiritualization Realm!” Fang Shihan said. “So long as Zero Wing hands these two things over, Zero Wing will be able to avoid all those problems. Moreover, Mythology will also supply Zero Wing with some S-rank Nutrient Fluids and Life Potions. I believe these should be things Zero Wing urgently requires right now, correct?”