Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2680 – Silverwing City

Fire Dragon Empire, Flame Dragon City, Scorching Flame Restaurant:

As soon as Cold Shadow logged back into the game, she was greeted by the sight of a tall and beautiful woman standing before her. This woman was none other than White Feather, who had similarly logged back into the game not long ago.

However, White Feather wore an indescribably gloomy expression on her face.

“Did something happen?” Cold Shadow asked, a hint of confusion appearing in her silver eyes.

“We just received news that Zero Wing’s Silverwing Town has been promoted to Basic City. Many of the powers operating around the Orc Empire are now heading toward Silverwing Town. They all plan to establish a long-term partnership with Zero Wing. Some superpowers are also considering doing the same,” White Feather reported in a quiet tone.

“Silverwing Town got promoted into a city?” Cold Shadow was a little surprised when she heard White Feather’s words. Realization then struck her. She smiled and said, “No wonder he rejected my offer without hesitation. It seems this was why he had the confidence to do so.”

“Vice Guild Leader, if Zero Wing really gains the protection of several more superpowers, we will have a much more difficult time obtaining the method to grasp the Spiritualization Realm. Why don’t we contact Saint’s Hand and have it warn off those superpowers?” White Feather suggested worriedly.

Their superiors had given them only one task: to obtain the method to grasp the Spiritualization Realm. Everything else was secondary. If Zero Wing gained the protection of several superpowers in the real world, any superpower that wished to target Zero Wing in secret would have a difficult time doing so.

“That won’t be necessary. So what if those superpowers band together to protect Zero Wing?” Cold Shadow said, smiling as she read the report White Feather forwarded to her. “Now that Black Flame’s identity has been exposed, Starlink won’t let this opportunity get away. Before I logged back into God’s Domain, I received news that the old fellow behind Lu Xingluo has finally lost his patience and is planning to remove all of Zero Wing’s roots in Fenglin City. With Zero Wing’s current manpower, it won’t be able to hold out for long. All we need to do is wait.”

Lu Xingluo himself did not possess any noteworthy skill sets. In fact, a large part of the reason why the Starlink Guild was able to develop to such an extent was the old fellow supporting Lu Xingluo.

Even several superpowers working together wouldn’t be enough to stop that old fellow. Even in Mythology, only a handful of people could go up against him.

“I understand. I’ll have someone keep a close eye on Zero Wing during this period,” White Feather said, nodding.

...

During the time Cold Shadow and White Feather were conversing, Silverwing Town’s promotion had finally completed. When the magic array disappeared, the town that previously sat atop a sand dune was no more. In its place was a magnificent city. Whether in terms of size or defensive standards, the new Silverwing City far surpassed the old Silverwing Town. In fact, even while standing outside the city, one could distinctly feel a dense stream of Mana flowing into the city from the surroundings.

What astonishing Mana! Shi Feng was surprised when he sensed the influx of Mana into the city.

Upon Silverwing Town’s promotion to Silverwing City, its core magic array had received a significant improvement. Due to that, as well as the city’s five Magic Towers, Silverwing City could practically rival Stone Forest City in Mana density.

If players were to rest in Silverwing City, the effects they gained might not be as excellent as what they would enjoy when resting in Stone Forest City’s Freedom Hotel, but the result would still be quite excellent. It definitely wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call Silverwing City a sacred land for players to rest in. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Due to the incursion of the Faux Saint monsters, many maps in the Orc Empire had transformed into Level 100-plus neutral maps. Normally, players would’ve considered this a matter worth celebrating. Unfortunately, not only did these new Level 100-plus neutral maps have very thin Mana, but due to the Orc Empire’s special circumstances, players also could not use Flying Mounts and Return Scrolls there. Moreover, there were still the corrosive foreign energies present in all neutral maps. As a result, most players were leery of operating in these newly created neutral maps.

However, the appearance of Silverwing City in the Orc Empire could resolve many of these problems. At the very least, players would no longer have to travel to a distant NPC city to recover. In fact, players would enjoy a much faster recovery rate when resting in Silverwing City than in NPC cities.

However, what truly excited Shi Feng wasn’t the change to the city’s Mana density, but to the city’s Airport.

Originally, Silverwing Town’s Airport was only the size of a sports arena. However, after Silverwing Town’s promotion, the Airport received a massive improvement as well. Now, not only had the Airport tripled in size, but the number of Airship platforms it housed had also increased by severalfold.

Now that Silverwing Town has become Silverwing City, I just need to spend some Coins to open up air routes to the various kingdoms’ capital cities. Once that’s done, players from the various kingdoms can travel directly to Silverwing City. At that time, just the income from collecting transportation fees would most likely rival the Freedom Hotel’s income. Shi Feng was filled with excitement and anticipation as he looked at the distant Airport.

In the past, Airports had been one of the main sources of income for Guild Cities. After all, not every player possessed a Flying Mount or a private house in the various Guild Cities. Hence, the Airships became one of the main modes of transportation for a large majority of God’s Domain’s player base.

Previously, Silverwing Town’s Airport was allowed to have only one air route. However, after the town got promoted to Basic City, its Airport could have up to five air routes. This number would also increase as the Airport or city got upgraded.

Before Shi Feng could recover from his joy over the Airport’s transformation, the sound of a system notification entered his ears.

...

System: Congratulations! Your Silverwing Town has been promoted into Silverwing City! The Transportation Firm has met the requirements for promotion to Bronze rank. Do you wish to promote the Transportation Firm?

...

It has reached the Bronze rank already? Shi Feng was stunned when he saw the system notification.

The Transportation Firm was a very special construction. Its promotion system was completely different from that of ordinary constructions.

Instead of requiring money or a Promotion Order, one needed to meet a set of conditions to promote the construction.

In the past, powers that owned a Transportation Firm had generally succeeded in upgrading their firm to the Bronze rank only after their Guild Cities reached the Advanced City standard. And as far as Shi Feng knew, even the best-performing powers had managed to meet their Transportation Firm’s promotion conditions only after their Guild Cities had reached the Intermediate City standard.

Now, Silverwing Town had just been promoted to Basic City, yet its Transportation Firm already met the conditions for promotion. Naturally, Shi Feng was surprised.

Once a Transportation Firm reached the Bronze rank, it would truly gain the ability to drive a Guild City’s economy.

After all, at the Bronze rank, the Transportation Firm would no longer limit its business to the country it was based in. It would expand its operations beyond the borders, becoming a hub that connected the neighboring kingdoms and empires. Even NPCs belonging to neutral powers would start using it as a hub.

In other words, not only would it become possible to find merchandise traded by the various countries’ neutral powers in the Transportation Firm, but the Transportation Firm itself could even become a place where NPC merchants would develop their business.

To put it simply, so long as a Guild City possessed a Bronze ranked Transportation Firm, the members of the ruling Guild would gain a significant boost in income. The Guild City in question would also have a much easier time becoming a Main City.

Meanwhile, after glancing at the system notification, Shi Feng chose to upgrade the Transportation Firm without hesitation.