Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2694 Sword Emperor at Las

As soon as Shi Feng chose to proceed with his promotion, he felt as if a hidden door in his Mana Body had opened, and beyond the door was a Mana treasury. Not only did the opening of this door increase the total amount of Mana he wielded by a significant margin, but even the excess Mana his body radiated had undergone a qualitative transformation.

If the Mana he radiated before was in a gaseous state, then the Mana he radiated now would be in a liquid state. The density and purity of his Mana were on a completely different level than before.

Moreover, as the dense Mana inside this treasury spread throughout his body, Shi Feng’s waning consciousness perked up considerably.

He could conjure up six Magic Swords with little to no effort. And the Mana constituting these Magic Swords was so dense that the swords looked and felt as if they were solid metal.

In the next moment, Shi Feng sent a Magic Sword stabbing at the leading Infant Black Dragon. The sword crossed the distance of 10 yards instantly and caught the Infant Dragon completely off guard. The Magic Sword pierced the Infant Dragon’s tough scales and left a deep gash on its body, the injury causing the Infant Dragon to shriek in pain.

As for the two other Infant Dragons, although Shi Feng had also sent Magic Swords stabbing at them, as the two of them were farther away, they were able to react to his attack in time, defending themselves with their claws. Even so, when their claws clashed with the Magic Swords, both Infant Dragons got knocked back by over a dozen yards, the impact causing their claws to tremble. At a glance, it was obvious that the Strengths of the two sides were no longer on the same level.

Is this the true strength of a Tier 4 class?

Shi Feng was surprised and excited when he saw the Magic Swords successfully injuring and repelling the Infant Black Dragons.

...

System: Congratulations! You have become a Tier 4 Blade Saint (Sword Emperor). You have activated the Apex Legacy Core. All Basic Attributes +2,000, all Resistances +150, Mana recovery rate increased by 100%, all Basic Attributes increased by 100%, and physique increased by 150%. All physical and magical attacks below Tier 4 received will be weakened by 30%. Rewarding 100 Legacy Skill Points.

...

Just in terms of Basic Attributes, he had already reached a realm that Tier 3 players could only look at in despair, let alone the boost to his physique. If a Tier 3 player did not possess a set of extraordinary weapons and equipment, they would merely be cannon fodder in front of a Tier 4 player.

Besides, there was the astonishing transformation in the quality of his Mana. He was like an entirely different creature compared to when he was still at Tier 3.

In God’s Domain, Mana was the foundation of all life. Without Mana, there would basically be no life. From fighting the Infant Black Dragons, Shi Feng understood just how much a player’s Mana would affect the potency of their Skills and Spells.

Now that his Mana was practically liquid, even if he had the same Basic Attributes, combat standards, and physique as a Tier 3 player, the said Tier 3 player still wouldn’t last more than a few moves against him. After all, the power of the Skills the two of them wielded would be on completely different levels.

However, even though Shi Feng had successfully repelled the three Infant Black Dragons, he did not dare to idle around. He immediately manipulated his Mana and formed his Mana Domain, then flew up and away from the bottomless abyss. He had no intention of clashing with the three Infant Dragons at all.

Currently, he might’ve reached Tier 4 already and even gained the strength to hold his own against the three Infant Black Dragons, but that was it. Killing the three Infant Dragons was still impossible for him. After all, now that he had gotten promoted to Tier 4, he could no longer spam Blade Domain like before. Once Blade Domain’s duration ended, he would be forced to utilize his own body to clash with the Infant Dragons. With his limited Stamina, he would definitely fall first before he could kill the three Infant Dragons.

Now that he had already achieved his goal, he naturally had no reason to continue fighting the three Infant Black Dragons. The sooner he left this dangerous place, the better.

Fortunately, so long as players reached Tier 4 in God’s Domain and managed to form the passive-type Mana Domain, they could fly using their own Mana, no longer reliant on external items to do so.

“Despicable human, don’t even think of leaving!”

The three Infant Black Dragons saw through Shi Feng’s thoughts. They widened their mouths and blew Dragon Breath at him without hesitation.

In the next moment, the three dark beams the three Infant Dragons released merged into one and rapidly extended toward Shi Feng, the resultant beam turning everything in its path into an empty void. The AOE of the beam made escaping its range in time impossible.

“Come!”

However, despite the combined dark beam’s approach, Shi Feng showed no sign of fear at all. On the contrary, a hint of excitement and anticipation gleamed in his eyes.

He had just been promoted to Sword Emperor and was still unfamiliar with his new strength. When he was controlling Blade Domain’s Magic Swords, he had merely executed the most basic forms of attack using them.

He was extremely eager to see just how strong he was, now that he had risen to Tier 4. Meanwhile, the three Infant Dragons’ combined Dragon Breath was undoubtedly the perfect target for testing his strength.

In the next moment, Shi Feng started executing his Defensive Combat Technique, Sword’s Orbit, using the six Magic Swords he had conjured, creating a defensive sphere that covered a 30-yard radius around him.

Boom!

When the massive beam of light came into contact with the beautiful galaxy of stars around Shi Feng, space around them suddenly transformed into an empty void, as if Armageddon had just arrived. If other players were to see this scene, they would definitely be dumbfounded.

While looking at the empty void that had formed above them, the three Infant Black Dragons revealed a smirk on their faces.

The combination attack they had just executed was far stronger than a single Dragon Breath. It was also the strongest move the three of them possessed. Although Shi Feng had already been promoted to Tier 4, if he received the attack without using an Invulnerability Skill, he would still sustain heavy injuries.

However, when the empty void started recovering to its original state, the smirks on the Infant Dragons’ faces disappeared, replaced with a look of shock. After all, at this moment, let alone Shi Feng suffering injuries, even his equipment wasn’t scratched. It was as if their combination attack was nothing but a light breeze to him.

Even an Advanced Combat Technique has been strengthened to such an extent? Shi Feng was astonished as he looked at the empty void around him. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Although he had known that Sword’s Orbit was up to defending against the three Infant Black Dragons’ combined Dragon Breath, as he now possessed much greater Basic Attributes, he never thought that he could stop their attacks so easily.

Earlier, he had clearly used Sword’s Orbit just like normal, yet it was as if the technique had transformed into a magic array. The moment he executed Sword’s Orbit, the ambient Mana had actually gathered around him and strengthened the power of his technique—to the point where it was equivalent to a Tier 4 Defensive Skill.

Given Sword’s Orbit’s performance, Shi Feng suddenly felt that, if not for Blade Domain’s limited duration, he might really have a chance of killing one of the three Infant Black Dragons.

Meanwhile, seeing that Blade Domain’s duration was about to run out, Shi Feng hurriedly controlled his Mana and flew to the space-time vortex in the sky above the bottomless abyss and disappeared from the Legacy Land, leaving behind three dumbfounded Infant Black Dragons.