Chapter 275 - Seven Luminaries Key

The moment Shi Feng landed on the ground, the Crystal Warwolf arrived at his back like a savage gale. Without giving Shi Feng any chance to defend, the three heads of the Crystal Warwolf opened their jaws to bite down on Shi Feng.

“Guild Leader!” Fire Dance was greatly shocked. Immediately, she closed in on the Crystal Warwolf, sending a 3-star Kidney Strike to its body.

However, even a controlling skill like Kidney Strike had no effect on the Crystal Warwolf.

Just as the fangs of the Crystal Warwolf were about to close on Shi Feng’s head, Shi Feng managed to cross his swords and execute Parry in the nick of time.

Boom!

The floor beneath Shi Feng instantly cracked from the force.

“What a strong fellow,” Shi Feng laughed bitterly.

Although Parry allowed players to block the physical damage of an attack, it did not neutralize the force of the impact.

There was no healer in the party right now. If Shi Feng ate another attack, he would definitely lose his life.

From this brief exchange, Shi Feng had also gotten a general understanding of how much more powerful the Crystal Warwolf had become. In Shi Feng’s estimation, although the Crystal Warwolf had not received much of an increase in terms of strength, its current speed was at least 30% faster than before it went berserk.

At this moment, only by equipping the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath could Shi Feng have a chance at grasping victory. Otherwise, he would only receive unilateral abuse from the Boss.

Unfortunately, although reaching 200 points in Agility was a simple task, it was not easy for a Swordsman like Shi Feng to attain 120 points in Intelligence. Moreover, very few plate-armor equipment meant for Swordsmen had the Intelligence Attribute on it; those that did would be considered garbage equipment.

Seeing that its attack had failed to kill its prey, the Crystal Warwolf immediately rotated its body, its diamond-like tail whipping at Shi Feng as it did so.

As Parry was still on Cooldown, Shi Feng had no choice but to activate one of his lifesaving skills, Defensive Blade.

Defensive Blade was currently at Level 4, and it protected Shi Feng from nine ranged attacks or four melee attacks.

Defensive Blade was a skill that provided complete immunity to any attack, be it damage or the resulting impact.

It was one of the must-have basic combat skills for Swordsmen.

As for why Shi Feng had chosen to use Parry first instead of Defensive Blade, it was for the sole purpose of determining the combat power of the berserk Crystal Warwolf. Only by experiencing the force of the impact could Shi Feng make the best judgment.

Meanwhile, the conclusion Shi Feng arrived at was to face the Crystal Warwolf head-on. If he tried to escape, he would only die faster.

Following which, he raised the Abyssal Blade up in the air. Green electric arcs surrounded the body of the sword as it moved to meet with the snowy, sharp claws of the Crystal Warwolf.

Thundering Flash!

The green electric arcs pierced the Crystal Warwolf’s body, causing -572, -1,623, and -1,204 damage to it. Although only one out of the three arcs achieved a critical hit, the attack also managed to trigger the curse of the Abyssal Blade, inflicting the Doom Curse on the Crystal Warwolf. Immediately, all of the Crystal Warwolf’s Attributes were reduced by 20%.

Suddenly, the berserk Crystal Warwolf that had had its Agility increased by 30% was weakened greatly.

However, Shi Feng was still not done with his attacks. He activated Phantom Kill right away, his doppelganger appearing beside the Crystal Warwolf. Shortly after, Shi Feng’s doppelganger started sending a barrage of attacks at the Crystal Warwolf as well.

Although the doppelganger only had 50% of Shi Feng’s Attributes, it had fully inherited the skills Shi Feng had learned.

Yet, despite having greatly reduced the Crystal Warwolf’s speed, Shi Feng still did not have an easy time evading its attacks. Having no other choice, Shi Feng activated Gravity Liberation. Shi Feng’s body instantly became as light as a feather, and like a spirited monkey, he dodged the originally unavoidable attack.

Wind Blade! Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Immediately, Shi Feng’s Attack Speed increased even further.

Double Chop!

Earth Splitter!

Thunder Flame Explosion!

Skills blasted on the Crystal Warwolf one after another, each dealing over -1,000 damage.

Although the Crystal Warwolf’s attacks became stronger and its speed much faster after going berserk, these improvements came at the price of its Defense being weakened. Combined with the 20% Damage Amplification effect of Thundering Flash, the damage the Crystal Warwolf received became a lot higher than before.

Fire Dance’s and Aqua Rose’s attacks also landed at this point, so the Crystal Warwolf’s HP fell sharply. By the time the 30-second duration of Gravity Liberation was almost over, the Crystal Warwolf only had 10% of its HP remaining.

Just as the effect of Gravity Liberation was about to end, Shi Feng executed Nine Dragons Slash. Nine phantoms of the Abyssal Blade appeared behind Shi Feng, and all of them shot towards the Crystal Warwolf. Meanwhile, just as an attack from the Crystal Warwolf was about to land on Shi Feng, Shi Feng swapped positions with his doppelganger. Upon being relocated, the doppelganger immediately used Parry and Defensive Blade to repel the Crystal Warwolf’s attacks.

Each phantom of the Abyssal Blade had high Attack Power, and each of them could deal over -150 damage every time they struck at the Crystal Warwolf. In total, the nine phantoms dealt over -1,300 damage to the Crystal Warwolf every second. Meanwhile, there were 28 seconds before the effect of Nine Dragons Slash ended.

After having used up both of its lifesaving skills, Parry and Defensive Blade, the doppelganger received a direct hit from the Crystal Warwolf’s claws. Alas, the doppelganger only had 50% of Shi Feng’s Attributes, so it died on the spot.

However, the doppelganger had earned a lot of time for Shi Feng.

With the doppelganger gone, the Crystal Warwolf shifted its attention back to Shi Feng’s actual body. Shi Feng activated Wind Walk again without hesitation. He then whirled around and ran.

Fortunately, with his Movement Speed increased by 30%, Shi Feng was still a tad faster than the Crystal Warwolf, which was still under the 20% Attribute Reduction effect of the Doom Curse. Thus, the kiting strategy began once more.

Under Aqua Rose’s and Fire Dance’s constant barrage, the Crystal Warwolf’s HP fell lower and lower.

9%...

8%...

7%...

...

By the time the effect of Shi Feng’s Windwalk was about to end, the Crystal Warwolf only had 3% of its HP remaining.

“It should be about time...”

At this moment, Shi Feng stopped running. He then turned to face the Crystal Warwolf, pointing the Abyssal Blade at the monster.

Abyssal Bind!

Nine snakelike chains suddenly surfaced from the floor, instantly binding the Crystal Warwolf.

Although the Crystal Warwolf had been immune to the control skills used on it before, its movements were still bound by the pitch-black chains.

In God’s Domain, the so-called “immunity to control skills” did not necessarily make one immune to all control skills. Instead, it simply made one immune to control skills that were below a certain tier. Skills such as Frost Arrow, Ice Sphere, and Kidney Strike were all considered basic skills. In other words, they were Tier 0 skills. As these skills were of the lowest tier, the Crystal Warwolf was completely immune to their effects.

As a Level 25 Lord, the Crystal Warwolf was immune to any control skills that was below Tier 2. However, Tier 2 or Tier 3 control skills could still restrain it.

Although Shi Feng did not know which tier the Abyssal Bind belonged to, it was a skill attached to a Magic Weapon. In Shi Feng’s estimation, it should be at least Tier 3 or above, meaning that it would be effective against all Bosses that could possibly appear at this stage of the game.

With the Crystal Warwolf completely restrained, Shi Feng took a step forward as he activated his ultimate skill, Flame Burst, which could only be used around once every four minutes.

Shi Feng’s two swords were just like miniature suns with the activation of Flame Burst. In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng slashed the Crystal Warwolf’s body six times with his swords.

-2,238, -4,452, -2,198, -2,212, -4,408, -2,216...

The six attacks dealt a total of more than -17,000 damage, instantly wiping away the Crystal Warwolf’s remaining 3% HP.

System: Level 25 Crystal Warwolf killed. Level difference of 7. EXP obtained increased by 700%. Obtained 485,630 EXP.

The experience bars of all three of them instantly increased by a large chunk. Aqua Rose even advanced to Level 18. As for Shi Feng, he had only recently reached Level 18, so he was still at Level 18 even after killing the Crystal Warwolf. If he could kill several more of such Lord rank Bosses, he would definitely level up very quickly.

“I never thought a Lord ranked Boss could be killed in such a way as well.” This battle was an eye-opener for Aqua Rose.

In truth, however, if not for Shi Feng being capable of holding a stable aggro on the Crystal Warwolf, in addition to consistently evading its multitude of attacks, they definitely could not have killed it.

“Guild Leader, quickly check the loot!” As a huge fan of Shi Feng, Fire Dance was not surprised by Shi Feng’s ingenuity. She had always believed Shi Feng could lead them to victory. Moreover, Fire Dance was hoping to reach Shi Feng’s standards one day. How could she allow herself to falter when faced with a Lord ranked Boss?

Shi Feng nodded in reply, promptly going ahead and checking the loot left behind by the Crystal Warwolf.

“It can’t be, right? How could this Boss be so cheap? How could it drop only one key and one piece of equipment?” Aqua Rose immediately grew unhappy when she saw the information shared by Shi Feng.

What was even more annoying was that the equipment dropped was only a Level 20 Fine-Gold ranked plate-armor wrist guard; it wasn’t even Dark-Gold rank.

“Not bad. Don’t forget that this Seven Luminaries Key can be used up to three times to open a Dark-Gold Treasure Chest. Isn’t there a Dark-Gold Treasure Chest right before us?” Shi Feng laughed.

After Aqua Rose had followed Shi Feng for some time, unconsciously, her standard for judging items became much higher than before. If it was in the past, Aqua Rose would definitely have forgotten herself in joy if she saw a Fine-Gold Equipment. Now, however, unless an item was of Dark-Gold rank, it would not even pique her interest.

“That’s right!” Aqua Rose shifted her sights towards the distant treasure chest. After the arduous battle, the existence of this Dark-Gold Treasure Chest had completely slipped her mind. They could get a Dark-Gold Equipment at the very minimum if they opened this treasure chest. There was also a small chance for them to obtain an Epic ranked item.

Epic ranked items. Aqua Rose did not dare to even hope for one.