Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 276 - Dragonscale Set Equipment

“It’s locked, as expected.” No matter how hard Shi Feng tried, he could not open the Dark-Gold Treasure Chest.

Hence, he retrieved the key he had just obtained from his bag.

Kachak!

The lid of the purple-gold-colored treasure chest popped open slightly. Multicolored lights escaped between the gap, the lights illuminating even areas that were several hundred yards away. If this treasure chest had been opened out in the fields, it would definitely cause a huge commotion and attract many players to come and snatch it. Fortunately, there was only Shi Feng’s group of three in the Forgotten Lands.

After the multicolored lights faded away, Shi Feng reached into the treasure chest. However, he quickly discovered there were only very few items inside it.

The treasure chest contained a total of three items. Of them, two were Dark-Gold Equipment, while one was a Forging Manual.

The two Dark-Gold Equipment were the Crystal Armor and the Boots of Extreme Speed.

[Crystal Armor] (Chest Piece, Plate Armor, Dark-Gold Rank)

Level 20

Equipment Requirement: Strength 120, Agility 140

Defense +140

Strength +24, Agility +21, Endurance +20

Restricted to Swordsman.

Additional Passive Skill-

Smart Outbreak: Every time user receives damage, Strength and Agility increased by 2% for 15 seconds. Stacks up to 5 times.

Although the Basic Attributes on this piece of equipment could only be considered at the level of being “good,” the passive skill that was attached to it was simply amazing. After all, the passive skill could potentially increase a player’s Strength and Agility by 10%. If the wearer of the Crystal Armor originally had high amounts of Strength and Agility, the additional Attributes provided by Smart Outbreak would be like having equipped an additional piece of equipment at the very least. The only downside to this passive skill was its need for the user to take damage up to five times. Although such a condition had made it relatively useless in Boss battles, when used in grinding monsters and PK, it would definitely provide the wearer of the Crystal Armor with unspeakable advantages.

[Boots of Extreme Speed] (Shoes, Leather Armor, Dark-Gold Rank)

Level 20

Equipment Requirement: Strength 90, Agility 130

Defense +143,

Strength +20, Agility +26, Endurance +18

Movement Speed +10

Evasion +7

Additional Passive Skill-

Rapid Movement: Increases Movement Speed by 12% and Agility by 8%.

In regard to Assassins and Rangers, the most sought-after Attribute for these two classes was Agility, followed by Strength. Meanwhile, this pair of boots increased the wearer’s Agility to the extremes. One could even argue that no other Level 20 Dark-Gold ranked shoes could increase Agility as much as the Boots of Extreme Speed could.

Although these two pieces of Dark-Gold Equipment were excellent, they were worth barely a fragment of the true value of this Dark-Gold Treasure Chest.

After all, the item that reflected the true value of the Dark-Gold Treasure Chest was none other than the Forging Manual. In addition, it was even a Fine-Gold ranked Forging Manual. Forging Manuals were different from Forging Designs. In the case of Forging Designs, only one particular piece of equipment could be made using it. In the case of Forging Manuals, however, an entire set of equipment could be made using it.

This Forging Manual was meant to produce the Level 20 Dragonscale Set Equipment. There were a total of six pieces in this set, and it could be worn by any class that could use plate armor.

Previously, Shi Feng had spent over 100 Gold at the Blackwing Auction House just to purchase the Forging Design for the Arclight Shield. However, the value of the Arclight Shield was far from being comparable to the Dragonscale Set Equipment. After all, the Dragonscale Set Equipment was a Fine-Gold ranked Set Equipment.

Throughout the entire Star-Moon Kingdom, not a single Guild had managed to obtain a Secret-Silver ranked Set Equipment up to now. One could simply imagine the value of a Fine-Gold ranked Set Equipment.

If Shi Feng could forge a few sets of the Dragonscale Set Equipment and give them to the plate-armor classes in the Guild’s main force... when these players walked on the streets wearing the Dragonscale Set Equipment, one could simply imagine the shock on the other players’ faces when they see the Set Equipment. The members of other Guilds would definitely tremble with fear. Just the thought of such a scene was simply exhilarating.

However, it would definitely be extremely difficult to forge the Dragonscale Set Equipment. As it was a Set Equipment, the difficulty of producing the entire set would be no less than producing a piece of Dark-Gold Equipment.

Shi Feng was only an Advanced Forging Apprentice right now. Without raising his forging level, producing the Dragonscale Set Equipment would only be a pipe dream.

At the very least, he needed to get promoted to an Intermediate Forger or Advanced Forger before he had an actual chance of producing the Dragonscale Set Equipment.

I have to raise my forging levels after we return. Shi Feng formed a plan in his mind as he looked at the Dragonscale Forging Manual.

Shi Feng then handed the Boots of Extreme Speed to Fire Dance. Now that Fire Dance had reached Level 19, she was only a short distance away from Level 20. As for the Crystal Armor and Dragonscale Forging Manual, he kept both of them for himself.

After resting for a short while, Shi Feng’s group of three entered the crystal pathway.

The crystal pathway was so long that one could not see the end of it in a single glance. Moreover, the Elemental Mana present in this pathway was extremely dense, so much so that it was even visible in the form of an aurora. It was an absolutely stunning sight to behold. Aside from being visually appealing, the dense Mana also gave the three of them a buff, increasing the magic damage they could deal by 300%. One could simply imagine how dense the Elemental Mana was in this pathway.

Before they knew it, Shi Feng’s group of three had walked for more than an hour inside this crystal pathway. When they finally emerged, they were at the base of a huge mountain. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

When the three of them laid eyes on this mountain, they were immediately stunned.

“This entire mountain can’t be made out of Seven Luminaries Crystal, right?!” Aqua Rose stared at the crystal mountain, her heart filled with immense shock.

Aqua Rose had previously visited the Blackwing Auction House, so she had seen Seven Luminaries Crystal before.

It was common knowledge that the Seven Luminaries Crystal was one of the best mana-conducting crystals in God’s Domain. Not only was it extremely rare, its price was even more impressive. Not even White River City, a city with a population of several million, was qualified to use such a precious commodity. Throughout the entire Star-Moon Kingdom, only the palace and Star-Moon Auction House at the capital city could afford to use a floating platform made out of Seven Luminaries Crystal.

Previously, Aqua Rose had believed that the crystal pathway was actually made out of Mana Crystals. However, the sight of this large mountain and its surrounding environment overturned her previous assumptions. The reason being, it was simply impossible for mere Mana Crystals to fill their surroundings with such dense Elemental Mana, resulting in even the formation of Seven-colored Mana Clouds.

“It should be.” Shi Feng nodded blankly.

Shi Feng’s mind grew heated at the thought of having so much Seven Luminaries Crystal.

On the market, a Seven Luminaries Crystal the size of a small residential house could be used to purchase a large town with a population of 50,000, with plenty to spare. Meanwhile, the Seven Luminaries Crystal before him was in the form of a mountain, and in terms of size, this mountain could rival even White River City.

A city made entirely of Seven Luminaries Crystal, just what sort of concept was this? Even if the entire Star-Moon Kingdom was sold, it would not be enough to purchase so much Seven Luminaries Crystals.

Unfortunately, none of these crystals could be taken away. It was not even possible to pick some to take back.

If they wished to mine these Seven Luminaries Crystals, at the very least, they needed to reach Master level in mining. Shi Feng was only at Basic Apprentice level in mining right now, and not even in his dreams could he mine these Seven Luminaries Crystals.

Seven Luminaries Crystal was even more valuable than gold. Yet, even though so much Seven Luminaries Crystals were sitting right before him, he could do nothing but look at it. Shi Feng’s heart simply bled at this thought.

However, this couldn’t be helped. Who would have ever thought there would be so much Seven Luminaries Crystals at this place?

Shi Feng shook his head, banishing his thoughts. He then moved his sights towards a flight of stairs a short distance away that led to the peak of the mountain, saying, “Let’s go up and take a look. We might discover how to unseal this place up there.”

Fire Dance did not know the true value of Seven Luminaries Crystal, hence she barely reacted to it. She had simply been mesmerized by the beauty of this mountain. Aqua Rose, on the other hand, knew full well the value of this mountain. If Fire Dance had not given her a shove, rousing her from her stupor, Aqua Rose would definitely still be immersed in her shock.

After all, this entire mountain was a mountain of money...

If she could nick even a tiny piece of this mountain, the Coins converted from it would be enough to sustain even a first-rate Guild for a long time.

As the trio traversed the stairs up the mountain, Shi Feng suddenly felt an oppressive pressure bearing down on him. Moreover, this pressure was exactly the same as what he had felt at the Purple Sun Mansion, only a lot more powerful. The pressure only grew stronger and stronger as they climbed further up the mountain.

By the time Shi Feng arrived at the mountaintop, he was already drenched in sweat. His body also felt extremely heavy, as if it were made out of lead. Meanwhile, the two girls, Fire Dance and Aqua Rose, fared much worse than Shi Feng. At this moment, both girls were sprawled on the ground, their bodies refusing to move even an inch. Unable to help his teammates, Shi Feng decided to walk towards a monolith visible at a distance by himself.

Just by looking at this semi-transparent sky-blue monolith, Shi Feng could immediately sense that it was the heart of this land. It was obvious that this standing stone was the thing that filled the surrounding environment with such dense Elemental Mana, and not the mountain-sized Seven Luminaries Crystal.

Arriving before the monolith, Shi Feng discovered many golden divine runes engraved on the bottom of the standing stone. They were by far the most complicated divine runes Shi Feng had ever seen. Also, Shi Feng had actually discovered a figure flickering in and out of existence within the semi-transparent monolith.

When Shi Feng took a closer look at this figure, his eyes immediately widened in shock. He simply couldn’t believe what he was seeing was real.

The reason being, Shi Feng had seen the figure inside the stone before.

However, Shi Feng was confused. Why would this person appear here?