Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2772 – Breakthrough

Inside the quiet and spacious living room... As Shi Feng continuously poured Mana into the Legacy Guidance Crystal in his hand, divine runes and magic arrays began appearing all over the crystal one after another.

A short moment later, the Mana inside the room started surging toward the Memory Crystal.

Afterward, the crystal radiated a dark blue glow that enveloped Shi Feng.

What a powerful Legacy!

Shi Feng was astonished when the blue light engulfed him.

This was because the owner of this Legacy wasn’t an ordinary person but someone known as the Saint of the Ice World. The quality of this Legacy was far superior to that of ordinary Legacies.

In addition, the Ice World Saint’s Legacy explained a lot about the ice element’s operating principles and described some basic methods to construct one’s Mana Body using the ice element as the basis.

This sort of Legacy Guidance was incredibly rare in God’s Domain. In most cases, Legacy Guidances only provided a demonstration of the manipulation of magic elements and some explanations of their operating principles.

The chances of a Legacy Guidance containing a demonstration of how to construct a Mana Body from scratch were less than 0.1%, let alone a Saint’s guidance and demonstration.

Existences holding the title of Saint were either Gods or existences approaching Gods. Some Saints were even existences that Gods feared greatly because a Saint represented the epitome of a certain aspect in God’s Domain. Not even Gods could match a Saint in their specialty.

In other words, while a Saint could be a God, a God wouldn’t necessarily be a Saint. The requirement to become a Tier 6 God wasn’t to achieve the extreme of a certain aspect. Instead, one only needed to reach a certain threshold. As to what that threshold was, only those who had actually reached Tier 6 would know.

Meanwhile, the Ice World Saint had undoubtedly attained the ultimate in the manipulation of the ice element. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Hence, the Ice World Saint’s control over the ice element was undoubtedly superior to everyone else’s. Even Gods wouldn’t be a match for the Ice World Saint.

Following this, time passed by, second after second. As Shi Feng injected more Mana into the Memory Crystal, the Ice World Saint’s demonstration sped up. The information the Saint conveyed also became increasingly complicated.

Half an hour later, the Saint’s demonstration ended. Shi Feng, who had been focused on the demonstration the entire time, felt mesmerized by the information he learned.

What a pity! The guidance barely talked about elements other than the ice element. If the guidance for the other elements were as detailed as the one for the ice element, my control over the magic elements would definitely reach the Grandmaster standard. At that time, I might even stand a chance against Superior Mythic monsters.

Shi Feng sighed ruefully when the demonstration video disappeared.

He had to admit that the existences granted the title of Saint were indeed powerful. Saints who had reached the ultimate in control of a specific magic element were especially amazing. Their understanding and explanation of magic elements were incredibly enlightening.

However, the Ice World Saint’s explanation became increasingly complicated as it progressed, and Shi Feng found himself struggling to understand the lecture. It felt as if the Saint’s explanation had gone from talking about one dimension to two dimensions to three dimensions to four dimensions. He could still understand up to the third dimension, but when the explanation progressed to the fourth dimension, his mind failed to comprehend the Saint’s thinking. Despite understanding the surface meaning of the Saint’s words, he couldn’t understand how to apply them in practice.

Hence, Shi Feng could only treat the magic element usage methods explained at the end as gibberish.

Nevertheless, he had still made massive gains. At the very least, he had made qualitative improvements in manipulating and understanding the ice element. Now, all he needed to do was experiment with his newfound knowledge.

This Ice World Saint’s Legacy is truly extraordinary. I will have to get Violet Cloud and the others to study it earnestly. It would simply go to waste if given to someone without an affinity with the ice element. Shi Feng now placed even greater importance on the Legacy Guidance Crystal in his hand.

He wouldn’t have if it were any other Legacy Guidance, but this was a Saint’s guidance they were talking about. The Ice World Saint’s guidance even provided such detailed information about the magic elements. Giving this Legacy Guidance to someone without an affinity with the magic elements would be a complete and utter waste. In fact, had he used this Legacy Guidance Crystal in the modern God’s Domain instead of the ancient God’s Domain, he would’ve wasted a precious opportunity. If the information he absorbed from watching the Legacy Guidance here consisted of only 20% of the total information, then he probably would have failed to comprehend even 5% of the information had he watched it in the modern God’s Domain. After all, he didn’t possess much affinity with the ice element; he was much more attuned to the fire element.

Fortunately, the environment in the ancient God’s Domain was excellent, and it drastically improved his affinity with and perception of the ice element. Now, he could perceive the ice element much more clearly than he could the fire element when he was in the modern God’s Domain.

After absorbing the Ice World Saint’s Legacy Guidance, Shi Feng took out a drop of Soul Water and drank it, boosting his Concentration recovery and energizing his brain. Immediately afterward, he began attempting to break through his Mana Body’s 100% threshold by constructing a new and simpler control array to link and control the various magic arrays all over his Mana Body.

Previously, I insisted on using only one Mana manipulation method to control the magic arrays of my body. On the other hand, the Ice World Saint constructed his Mana Body with the ice element and used several Mana manipulation methods to gather and manipulate the ice element. For now, I should follow his example and try using two manipulation methods to control my Mana Body’s magic arrays.

After thinking up to this point, Shi Feng began experimenting

Previously, he had been controlling the magic arrays on his Mana Body according to the Mana Body’s construction because he believed this was the only way to manipulate the Mana in his Mana Body. However, his thoughts changed after seeing the Ice World Saint using multiple Mana manipulation methods to control the magic elements in his Mana Body.

Master Magicians like Shi Feng excelled in attacking from multiple fronts. Since he couldn’t break through the 100% threshold by attacking from only a single front, he would try attacking from multiple fronts simultaneously, which would allow him to maximize the effects of every magic array. Subsequently, the intensity of the Mana Shi Feng’s body radiated fluctuated repeatedly. Sometimes, his Mana didn’t even reach the standard of ordinary Tier 3 players. Sometimes, it would far surpass the times he had fully exerted himself. He experimented for three consecutive hours and tested several dozen Mana manipulation methods.

From his experimentation, he concluded that using multiple methods simultaneously to manipulate his Mana Body was incredibly difficult. Even with his current Concentration standard, he could just barely implement three at a time.

However, the benefits of a threefold manipulation method were also evident. He had directly broken through the 100% threshold and reached the legendary 112% mark.

Unfortunately, when implementing a threefold manipulation method, his mind would be so occupied that he couldn’t execute a Bronze Combat Technique, much less a Mana Technique. Hence, to maintain his combat power, Shi Feng had no choice but to abandon a threefold manipulation method for a twofold manipulation method.

87%... 102%... 99%...

The Completion Rate of Shi Feng’s Mana Body changed constantly. At the same time, the rate at which he expended his Concentration also increased.

This is the last option that suits me. I’ll be satisfied so long as it goes beyond 103%! Of the various twofold manipulation methods Shi Feng had tried, the best one produced a result of 103%. However, he wasn’t particularly satisfied with it. After all, he had already experienced what having a Mana Body with 112% of its potential unlocked felt like, and it was a truly amazing experience. Meanwhile, after combining the manipulation method of Lightshadow, the Mana Technique he frequently used, with his original Mana manipulation method and continuously refining the combination, he had produced what he deemed to be the best combination currently possible.

If this one still didn’t work, he would have no choice but to settle for the 103% manipulation method.

Taking a deep breath, Shi Feng opened his eyes abruptly and began manipulating the magic arrays inside his Mana Body.

Immediately, the magic arrays began operating one after another, drawing upon the ambient Mana in the room. The Mana density around him increased steadily.

120%... 134%... 157%...

As the density of the Mana surrounding Shi Feng increased, the sensitivity of his five senses also improved slightly. Although the improvement was minor, there was no doubt that they had improved.

The next moment, the numerous magic arrays all over Shi Feng’s Mana Body began combining into a super-large magic array.

Boom!

Suddenly, a ripple of Mana spread from Shi Feng’s body and surged toward the surrounding walls. The Mana inside the living room then stilled.

However, a moment later, every bit of Mana inside the room converged around Shi Feng, a faint layer of mist forming around him.

If one did not possess an acute sensitivity to Mana, they would most likely have difficulty noticing this layer of condensed Mana flowing over Shi Feng’s body.

System: Congratulations! You have successfully surpassed the Mana Body’s 100% threshold and achieved a 110% Completion Rate.