Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2773 – Mana Beyond the Limit

Upon hearing the system’s voice ringing by his ears, Shi Feng revealed a rare expression of joy. A 110% Completion Rate! Sure enough, integrating the Mana manipulation method of Mana Techniques is the way to go.

The Mana manipulation method of Lightshadow was much more refined than the methods he had thought up by himself, especially in the aspect of manipulating magic elements. His own manipulation methods utilized only the Four Major Elements, while Lightshadow utilized both the Four Major Elements and the Seven Supreme Elements.

Due to this difference, he had managed to unlock his Mana Body’s potential to 110% with just a twofold manipulation method. And although there was only a 7% difference between this twofold manipulation method and his previous best method, past the 100% threshold, every 1% increase provided significant improvements to the Mana Body. The difference between a 103% Mana Body and 110% Mana Body was like the difference between heaven and earth. Subsequently, Shi Feng punched at the empty space before him.

Boom!

All of a sudden, the living room’s stable space shattered, spatial cracks forming one after another. Only after extending to the living room’s wall and coming into contact with the magic barrier there did this phenomenon stop. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

What an amazing result!

Shi Feng was astonished as he looked at the fractured space before him. His Mana Body had truly undergone a qualitative transformation after reaching a 110% Completion Rate. Now, even his normal punches carried a hint of a Mana Technique’s power. Moreover, he didn’t even need to manipulate his Mana actively to gain such an effect.

Afterward, Shi Feng closed his eyes and felt his surroundings. Even with his eyes closed, he could still perceive the entire room within his mind. Not even a speck of dust escaped his perception.

Not only has my physique improved by at least 30%, but even my five senses have risen to the next level. In my present state, my perception is just slightly inferior to a Demon Prince’s.

Shi Feng opened his eyes, an ecstatic look appearing on his face. Although he still wasn’t Frobero’s equal in terms of physique and five senses, he was much closer to matching the Demon Prince than before. This was undoubtedly joyous news for him. Originally, he felt that a Tier 4 player needed a Legendary Weapon to contend with a Tier 4 Demon Prince. After all, the difference in physique between the two was massive.

However, Shi Feng now felt that it might just be possible for players to gain the astonishing physique of a Demon Prince while still at Tier 4.

After all, his current Mana Body was only at a 110% Completion Rate, yet he was already close to matching a Demon Prince’s physique. If he could push his Mana Body to the rumored 120% Completion Rate, his physique then might match that of a Demon Prince.

Shi Feng was relatively confident of pushing his Mana Body to a 120% Completion Rate. After all, he had already proven that utilizing multiple manipulation methods to control his Mana Body was the way to go. At the very least, he wouldn’t be utterly clueless about how to develop his Mana Body, unlike before. All he needed to do was figure out how to improve on this aspect.

Now that I’ve reached the limits of twofold manipulation, I’ll need to raise my Concentration standard so that I can execute threefold manipulation fluidly. This way, I’ll have a high chance of achieving a 120% Completion Rate. At that time, whether it is that Divine Dragon’s trial or that mysterious NPC, I won’t be utterly helpless. At this point, confidence welled up within Shi Feng. However, for safety’s sake, I should first gather the Solomon’s Sword fragments.

If I have the complete Solomon’s Sword, I won’t have to fear going up against even true Tier 5 existences. After thinking up to this point, Shi Feng felt that he needed to resolve his matters in the ancient era quickly and return to the modern era to secure the remaining two fragments of Solomon’s Sword. Previously, he still hadn’t been particularly confident of securing the two remaining fragments. However, now that his Epic Mana Body had reached a 110% Completion Rate, he could probably solo even Superior Mythic monsters of the same level. The reason for his confidence was the qualitative transformation his Mana had undergone.

Originally, the Mana flowing inside his Mana Body was merely gaseous, albeit of incredibly high density. However, after his Epic Mana Body had reached a 110% Completion Rate, the Mana flowing within it had thoroughly condensed into a mist.

Moreover, it had achieved this state without him needing to manipulate external Mana. Since God’s Domain’s foundation was Mana, the strength of a player’s Mana had a huge impact on their combat power, especially when using Skills and Spells. A Skill powered with mist-like Mana wouldn’t just be 30% or 50% stronger than a Skill powered with gaseous Mana. Instead, the two would be on completely different levels. Why were Superior Mythic monsters so much more powerful than Mythic monsters of the same level?

It was because their physique and the quality of the Mana inside their bodies were superior to ordinary Mythic monsters’.

Currently, although Shi Feng’s physique still wasn’t a match for Superior Mythic monsters’, the quality of his Mana was already on par with theirs. That, combined with the weapons and equipment he possessed, made it entirely possible for him to offset the difference and fight against Superior Mythic monsters on an equal footing. As Shi Feng was immersing himself in the effects of his improved Mana, Yu Luo suddenly contacted him.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, information on the Crystal of Souls has already spread across Meteorite City. Many player forces and even NPC forces have expressed interest in the crystal. All of them are requesting to purchase it at a high price,”

Yu Luo said excitedly. “The Skyflare adventurer team, one of the top three player forces in the city, contacted me, saying they are willing to purchase the crystal for 150,000 Magic Crystals.”

If it were in the modern God’s Domain, 150,000 Magic Crystals would be equivalent to 60,000 Gold! That was already enough money to arm a 100-man team to the teeth. In Meteorite City, 150,000 Magic Crystals could still fully gear a player in Level 150 Epic Equipment.

“That won’t be necessary. Since we said we would auction it, we will do just that. If they wish to buy it, they can buy it through the auction,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head. The offer of 150,000 Magic Crystals was indeed incredibly high. If the Crystal of Souls were to be auctioned in the modern God’s Domain, it definitely wouldn’t sell for such a high price. In fact, it would be a miracle if he could sell it for 50,000 Magic Crystals.

However, it was a different story in the ancient God’s Domain, where methods to recover from a mentally weakened state were incomparably rare. In fact, the streets of Meteorite City were littered with players in mentally weakened states. All of these players could only rely on the city’s dense Mana to slowly recover. After players fell into a mentally weakened state, a full recovery would take a very long time, even with the help of dense Mana.

If these players were willing to stay cooped up in Meteorite City without leaving to grind even once, they would still need around two weeks to recover. Yet, it was simply impossible for expert players to stay inactive for such a long period. A period of two weeks was already enough to create a huge gap between expert players. In fact, even dying twice wouldn’t cost as much as remaining inactive for two weeks. Hence, an excellent recovery item like the Crystal of Souls was considerably precious to the ancient God’s Domain’s players and NPCs.

ux

Meanwhile, his purpose in holding the auction this time was simply to find out the market price for the Crystal of Souls. Only after doing so could he maximize his profits. After all, he didn’t have a lot of Crystals of Souls on hand since he didn’t kill a lot of monsters that were five levels higher than himself and at the Great Lord rank or above. Not to mention, he would also use some of the crystals normally.

As a result, he only had 43 Crystals of Souls saved up. On the other hand, he had plenty of Soul Water. At this time, he already had 2,764 drops accumulated. This was the fruit of long-term accumulation. Although he had given out a lot of Soul Water to the Guild members using the Bronze and Silver Legacy Tablets, he still had a lot remaining. However, the Soul Water’s effects were significantly inferior to those of the Crystal of Souls. If the Crystal of Souls couldn’t sell for a high price, then the Soul Water naturally wouldn’t sell for much, either.

“But now that Skyflare is also competing for the Crystal of Soul, both player and NPC forces will most likely step aside out of respect for Skyflare. After all, aside from Skyflare’s commander, one of Skyflare’s vice commanders is rumored to have also reached Tier 4 already,” Yu Luo explained. She naturally understood Shi Feng’s thoughts.

“The various powers won’t pick a fight with Skyflare just for one Crystal of Souls. If you go through with the auction, I’m afraid it won’t go for a high price.”

This world was different from the world they came from. The NPC cities here were separated by great distances. Only after reaching Tier 4 would players be able to travel between NPC cities without worry. Tier 3 players could only roam the vicinity of the Main City they belonged to. This meant that players residing in the same city would often come across each other.

Meanwhile, Tier 4 combatants were considered true powerhouses in God’s Domain. Even NPCs feared them greatly, all the more the player forces. If one angered the Skyflare adventurer team, one shouldn’t even think about leaving the city to grind for levels anymore. A player force is suspected to have two Tier 4 players? Shi Feng was surprised by this revelation. He never thought that the player forces in the ancient God’s Domain would be so powerful to actually have two Tier 4 players-one more than what Zero Wing had. Although the search for Legacy Lands played a huge factor in this disparity, it wasn’t so easy for players to complete their Tier 4 Promotion Quest, either. Immediately, he said, “How about this? I’ll rent a hall at the Auction House, and we’ll organize a small auction of our own. Announce that we will be selling a total of five Crystals of Souls, in addition to 50 drops of Soul Water, which is a slightly inferior version of the crystals. If we do that, that Skyflare adventurer team will have difficulty monopolizing everything.” Shi Feng’s words surprised Yu Luo. She never thought he would actually have other Concentration recovery treasures besides the Crystal of Souls. He was practically a walking treasure trove.

Moreover, if Shi Feng were to sell so many Crystals of Souls and Soul Water, Skyflare would indeed have difficulty monopolizing everything. There was no way the various powers in the city would step aside in the face of such numbers. After all, aside from being useful for healing the mind, these treasures could also increase by a small margin one’s odds of completing the Tier 4 Promotion Quest. Not to mention, Skyflare wasn’t the only power in the city with Tier 4 combatants.

“Okay! I’ll spread this information right away.” Yu Luo nodded, then promptly disconnected the call. Shi Feng notified Lifeless Thorn and the others of his plans before making his way toward Meteorite City’s Auction Hall by himself. In the meantime, Yu Luo also spread the news regarding the Crystals of Souls and Soul Water, instantly causing a sensation throughout the city.