Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2778 – Semi-finished Mana Body

Meteorite City, Silver Hotel:

After Shi Feng received 4.5 million Magic Crystals from Skyflare, he returned to the Silver Hotel with Yu Luo. As for the small auction he initially planned to hold, Lionheart had announced to the public that Skyflare would monopolize all of the products. Hence, the commotion over the auction died down quickly.

None of Meteorite City’s various powers dared to voice their opinions on Skyflare’s monopoly. After all, Skyflare was the sole power in the city with two Tier 4 combatants under its command.

Previously, the powers with Tier 4 combatants still dared to stand up against Skyflare because Lionheart could not easily kill other Tier 4 combatants by himself. However, now that Skyflare’s Wind Chaser was a Tier 4 Assassin, it would be a piece of cake for Skyflare to kill any individual Tier 4 combatant. Hence, even the other two of the top three player forces in Meteorite City decided to tolerate the situation.

Not to mention, while the Crystal of Souls could indeed strengthen an individual’s soul, the amount of help this improvement could provide in the Tier 4 Promotion Quest was minuscule. Even if Skyflare obtained all five Crystals of Souls, the adventurer team would, at most, increase the number of Tier 4 combatants it had from two to three.

Meanwhile, back in his room, Shi Feng promptly took out 75,000 Magic Crystals and distributed them to Lifeless Thorn, Solitary Nine, Yan Ya, Cleansing Whistle, and Yu Luo.

“Right, each of you take a drop of Soul Water as well,” Shi Feng said as he took out five drops of Soul Water and distributed them. “Once you are done collecting the Legacy Fragments, drink it immediately. Although it isn’t as effective as the Crystal of Souls, it can still clear your mind. You should have an easier time learning your Legacy Skill.”

In response, Lifeless Thorn and the other Asura members nodded and accepted the Soul Water.

Yu Luo, however, hesitated. She didn’t know whether she should accept the Soul Water, which cost 30,000 Magic Crystals a drop.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, this Soul Water is too valuable. I already feel very indebted to you just for letting me challenge my Tier 4 Promotion Quest this time. I really cannot accept this Soul Water,” Yu Luo said, rejecting Shi Feng’s gift after giving the matter some thought.

Heaven’s Blade had cooperated with Zero Wing only once. The two organizations couldn’t even be considered allies. If she accepted this Soul Water, she would owe Shi Feng a huge favor. In that case, she would have a difficult time explaining herself to Zwei once she returned.

However, in response to Yu Luo’s rejection, Shi Feng shook his head and said, “Miss Yu Luo, you must’ve misunderstood me. I’m not giving you this Soul Water for free. I need you to help me with something in the near future. If you reach Tier 4, we’ll have a higher chance of success.”

“Help you with something?” Yu Luo was a little dazed.

“That’s right. I plan to raid that Tier 4 Infant Dragon. However, Tier 3 players are useless against an Infant Dragon. Only Tier 4 players will matter. Meanwhile, as you’ve reached the Void Realm already, your control over Mana should be excellent. Your Concentration should also be only one step away from reaching the Tier 4 standard. With the Soul Water’s help, you’ll have a better chance of promoting to Tier 4,” Shi Feng said, nodding. “Hence, this Soul Water is my investment in you. I’m not giving it to you for free, so you don’t need to overthink things.”

The upcoming raid of the Tier 4 Infant Dragon wasn’t something Tier 3 players could stick their hands into. Only Tier 4 players could be of help. A Tier 4 healer would be especially useful. Since Shi Feng couldn’t guarantee that Yan Ya would succeed in her Tier 4 Promotion Quest, having a backup plan would naturally be better. Not to mention, he currently had over 2,000 drops of Soul Water on hand. He could still afford such a small investment.

“I understand. If I don’t get promoted to Tier 4 this time, I will find a way to pay you back for this Soul Water,” Yu Luo said. With Shi Feng’s words, the burden she felt lightened considerably.

Truthfully, she would be lying if she said that she did not want the Soul Water. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After all, the Tier 4 Promotion Quest was no walk in the park. Meteorite City’s peak experts demonstrated this point quite well. Among all the peak experts who had challenged their Tier 4 Promotion Quest, less than 10% succeeded. Not to mention, she was slightly weaker than them. However, if she had the Soul Water’s mind-cleansing effect, she would most likely be able to stand on equal footing with the local peak experts.

Yu Luo accepted the Soul Water, a glint of determination appearing in her eyes.

This was because this drop of Soul Water represented not just hope but also a burden. If she completed her Tier 4 Promotion Quest, then she would be able to repay all of the favors she owed right away. After all, Tier 4 Great Clerics were incredibly rare even in the ancient God’s Domain, let alone the modern God’s Domain.

“You guys can go now. Whether you can get promoted or not will all depend on yourselves now,” Shi Feng said after Yu Luo accepted the Soul Water. He then instructed the group of five, “Remember: act according to your strengths when choosing your respective Tier 4 Skills. There is no need to learn the strongest one. Instead, learn the one you’re most proficient at.”

He did not doubt the ability of the five people before him to collect the necessary number of Legacy Fragments. His only worry was their ability to learn a Tier 4 Legacy Skill within the allotted time.

Afterward, under Yu Luo’s lead, Lifeless Thorn and the others departed for Meteorite City’s Tier 4 instructors.

Now, only Shi Feng remained inside the hotel room.

Let’s hope a few of them can reach Tier 4. If that’s the case, we’ll have an easier time dealing with that Infant Dragon. Looking at the group of five’s departing figures, Shi Feng inwardly celebrated the fact that he managed to get through his Tier 4 Promotion Quest previously. Immediately afterward, he sensed the state of his Mana Body and smiled. It’s about time I grinded for some levels. If I don’t get used to this Mana Body, I might cause the quest to fail.

After unlocking his Mana Body to a 110% Completion Rate, he had not had an opportunity to get used to it properly. His duel with Lionheart didn’t prove anything. After all, Mana Bodies provided all-around improvements to players. There was no way he could determine all of these improvements just by putting all his strength into one attack. In fact, he couldn’t even tell if his overall combat power had improved or not through his duel with Lionheart.

This was because the Mana Body’s improvement mainly led to subtle improvements in various aspects. On the surface, it was impossible to tell if his improved Mana Body had brought any changes to his overall combat power. After all, his Basic Attributes remained the same as before. Right now, the only obvious improvements were in the density of his Mana, his control over Mana, his physique, and his five senses. During his fight with Lionheart, he had only proven that the improvement of his Mana Body had positive effects on his Mana Techniques. Even then, he still wasn’t clear how the improvement had triggered such a change. Needless to say, he was even more clueless about the other benefits his improved Mana Body had to offer.

If he wished to fully utilize his new Mana Body and maximize his combat power, he would need to readapt to his Mana Body.

It was akin to learning a new Skill or Spell. He would need to put in a lot of time and effort into adapting and training. Only after he could make use of his Mana Body at an instinctive level could he be considered to have truly adapted to it.

At this point, his Mana Body could only be considered a semi-finished product. Next, he would have to explore his Mana Body thoroughly.

Shi Feng drank a drop of Soul Water, recovering some of the Concentration he had expended executing Holy Devour. He then put on his Black Cloak and silently departed from Meteorite City.

After taking a look at the system map, he took to the skies and made his way toward the Antimagic Volcano, a Level 135 neutral map located a distance from Meteorite City. From start to end, nobody in Meteorite City was aware that he had left the city.