Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 279 - Quality over Quantity

When Aqua Rose and Fire Dance read the notifications they received, both of them were immediately sent into a daze.

A Legendary Quest!

Moreover, it was a Main Storyline Quest, a quest that was capable of changing the history of God’s Domain. The reward for such a quest would definitely be luxuriant.

According to rumors, the minimum reward for completing an Epic Quest was an Epic ranked item, or an item of equivalent value. In other words, if they completed a Legendary Quest, then the minimum reward they could obtain would be a Legendary ranked item.

They had never even seen an Epic ranked item before, much less a Legendary ranked item. It could definitely become the symbol of the Guild.

However, when the two of them thought about how they were required to seal this Endless Abyss, they sank into deep despair...

“The Return Scrolls are usable now. Let’s leave this place, then.” Shi Feng’s memories of the new expansion pack “The Great Catastrophe” were still fresh in his mind. After the Great Catastrophe occurred, the monsters throughout God’s Domain started becoming restless. Towns, especially, would randomly come under attack from Demonic Beasts, resulting in chaos.

According to Shi Feng’s memories, some of the weaker border towns had even been conquered by the Demonic Beasts, turning those into Demonic Beast Towns.

Among the biggest changes made to the game were to the nights in God’s Domain. After the new pack was implemented, the number of monsters that would appear during nighttime was much higher than before. Moreover, monsters corrupted by the Endless Abyss would also appear. These corrupted monsters would all be transformed into Demonic Beasts, and even the weakest of Demonic Beasts were Tier 1 monsters. Which was to say, if players had still not received their promotion into a Tier 1 class, it would be tremendously difficult for them to fight against these monsters. Instead of being the ones doing the killing, players would have a much higher chance of getting killed by these Demonic Beasts.

Hence, after the new expansion pack, players would find it very difficult to grind and level up during nighttime.

In contrast to the shock Aqua Rose and Fire Dance felt, the revelation of the new pack caused a sensation throughout the entire Star-Moon Kingdom. Players could not help but feel excited after finding out about the Great Catastrophe expansion pack.

The official developers of the game had already revealed information about this new expansion pack. In the future, Demonic Beasts would randomly launch assaults on towns, and in response to such attacks, towns would issue Defense Quests to players. As long as players managed to defend the town, they would receive bountiful rewards. Of these rewards, there would even be Secret-Silver ranked items and many more valuable items. In addition, players would also receive City Reputation from completing the Defense Quest.

These Defense Quests would undeniably allow average players to quickly improve themselves, hence the excitement of many of the average players over the arrival of this new expansion pack.

Meanwhile, the atmosphere in White River City had also suddenly cooled down, as many players had chosen to head out to the towns instead. They intended to grind for some levels while they awaited for a Demonic Beast assault to occur.

If luck would have it, they might even happen upon a Demonic Beast assault, making a huge profit from completing the resultant Defense Quest.

“Guild Leader, should we arrange for a few members to head towards various towns and keep an eye out for a Demonic Beast assault?” Aqua Rose suggested, her brows wrinkled slightly when she looked at the deserted streets of White River City.

The other Guilds were currently busying themselves with raiding the Three Great Dungeons. They definitely would not have the time to pay attention to these Demonic Beast assaults. Hence, this was a good chance for Zero Wing to shine.

“Let’s not participate in the Demonic Beast assaults. Focus on leveling up. Level 20 is the time when our Guild will shine.” Shi Feng shook his head, a knowing smile on his face.

In the past, Shi Feng had experienced many assaults launched by Demonic Beasts. Hence, he knew very well how difficult it was to actually receive the reward of a Defense Quest. The reason being, even the weakest Demonic Beast was a Tier 1 monster; they would all be Level 30 or above. Shi Feng had even once encountered a Tier 3 Demonic Beast during an assault. If they were to try and defend a town right now, it would simply be suicide.

Naturally, Shi Feng would not let the members of his Guild die a pointless death.

One could say that towns were extremely dangerous locations right now. If players were to truly meet with a Demonic Beast assault, then it was not luck but fate.

Currently, the safest places in God’s Domain were cities, since there would be high-tier NPCs guarding them. Take White River City for example. There were three Tier 4 NPCs guarding it, so Demonic Beasts would not dare to casually approach the city itself.

“If we don’t participate and make some achievements, many more of the remaining members might choose to withdraw from the Guild.” Aqua Rose could not understand what was going through Shi Feng’s mind.

Before, they had given up on competing over the Three Great Dungeons. Now, they were also going to give up such a good chance to earn precious equipment and reputation. Just what were they supposed to do? Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

“Let them leave, then. Our Guild is only capable of handling 3,000 members right now, and we are still well above that number. It would be even better if they do leave.” Shi Feng smiled without care.

What Shi Feng was trying to pursue was quality, not quantity.

God’s Domain was a game, and the resources available to players were limited. Meanwhile, the more members they had in the Guild, the more resources the Guild needed to spend. However, if the resources available in the Guild only amounted to so much, having more members in the Guild would mean that each member would receive less resources. As a result, their development speed would also fall.

In the past, Shadow had conducted a mass recruitment of players, recruiting all kinds of players into the Guild. In the end, the Guild had bitten off more than it could chew, causing its development to slow to a crawl. In this life, Shi Feng would not repeat the same mistakes Shadow made in the past. The members in the Guild could just leave for all he cared. He definitely would not try to stop them from leaving.

Talent was very important if one wished to become an expert in God’s Domain. However, truly talented people were limited. In the past, a majority of the experts in God’s Domain had participated in one battle after another, gradually learning and accumulating the experience needed to become an expert, instead of relying on talent.

Instead of cultivating some two-faced talented Guild members, Shi Feng would rather invest his resources in nurturing normal, but loyal, Guild members.

In the past, a Super-Guild called Black Tower had sent over 200,000 of their members to attack a second-rate Guild called Solitary Rulers. Meanwhile, Solitary Rulers had less than 80,000 members in total; the Guild was believed to have the fewest members among all second-rate Guilds.

Before the battle between the two Guilds had even started, everyone had already expected Black Tower to easily obtain victory.

However, the end result was far from what others had imagined it to be. Although both Guilds clashed tens of times, Black Tower hadn’t succeeded in destroying the city governed by Solitary Rulers. While more than 30,000 members of Solitary Rulers had died in that battle, Black Tower had lost more than three times that number, with over 100,000 members of Black Tower dying. Black Tower suffered a tremendous loss after that battle, greatly shocking the other Guilds that were watching from the sidelines.

In the end, Black Tower had no choice but to mobilize its seven Tier 5 Saint-rank players and one of its Tier 6 God-rank players to destroy Solitary Rulers.

However, every member of Solitary Rulers still fought to the bloody end, fighting tooth and nail against their eventual demise. Before they lost their city, they had even managed to kill two of the Saint-rank players and another 100,000 or so Black Tower members.

In the subsequent clashes between the two Guilds, Solitary Rulers had suffered one defeat after another. After all, the Tier 6 God-rank expert and seven Tier 5 Saint-rank experts were simply too powerful. As a result, Solitary Rulers lost five of the cities they governed in quick succession. By the time the battlefield moved to Solitary Rulers’ final base of operations, Unparalleled City, amazingly, not a single member had chosen to withdraw from the Guild. Even after dying tens of times, they still chose to charge head-on into the battlefield.

Shi Feng couldn’t help but shiver every time he recalled the unyielding attitude of those iron-blooded souls.

Clearly, the difference in strength between the two Guilds was like heaven and earth. Yet, instead of giving up and accepting their fates, every single member of Solitary Rulers had chosen to brave the battlefield. It was also due to this reason that Black Tower had suffered such immense losses. If it were any other Guild standing in Solitary Rulers’ place, the members would have long since abandoned hope and quit the Guild. They would not have chosen to fight at all.

While Black Tower was in the midst of conquering Solitary Rulers’ final city, however, another Super-Guild had attempted to take advantage of the situation and laid siege to Black Tower’s cities. As a result, Black Tower had no choice but to give up their plan of completely annihilating Solitary Rulers.

Meanwhile, Solitary Rulers had instantly risen to fame after this conflict, becoming the role model of all second-rate and third-rate Guilds.

Aside from Solitary Rulers as an example of quality over quantity, there was also the adventurer team that was known throughout the entire God’s Domain, the Midnight Tea Party. Although its members numbered less than 30, not even Super-Guilds dared to cross it.

In God’s Domain, although quantity was important, quality was even more important.

“I understand.”

Looking at Shi Feng’s determined expression, Aqua Rose had no better choice but to concede to his decision. It was indeed like Shi Feng had said: there were too many members in the Guild. The current member count far exceeded their range of tolerance. By having those unfaithful members leave, they could also lay a good foundation for their Guild’s future.

Another reason why Aqua Rose had agreed to Shi Feng’s decision was mainly because of the Guild Residence. Once they revealed their Guild Residence to the public, there would be no shortage of players wanting to join their Guild.

If they did not possess the Guild Residence, Aqua Rose definitely would not have agreed to such a self-destructive course.

After Aqua Rose went on her own way, Shi Feng headed to the Adventurer’s Guild. Now that the Great Catastrophe expansion pack had been activated, he needed to quickly handle the matters concerning the Guild Residence.