Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2793 – World Authority

The golden longsword covered in crimson divine runes sitting inside his bag was definitely the dream weapon of all Swordsmen.

So, that’s why the Light of Two Worlds was rumored to have been destroyed and no longer existed in God’s Domain in the past. Shi Feng couldn’t help his elation as he inspected the longsword in his bag. As it turns out, the weapon can’t be obtained in the modern God’s Domain but only in the ancient God’s Domain.

(Light of Two Worlds] (One-handed Sword, Fragmented Legendary Rank)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 6,000, Tier

Attack Power (270% of Strength) Attack Speed (3% of Agility)

All Attributes (Increases according to the user’s level)

When equipped:

Attacks gain the Mana Annihilation effect, causing a spatial collapse in an area of 4*100 yards;

Attacks have a 50% chance to deal 300% damage;

Strength increased by 70%, Agility increased by 60%, Intelligence increased by 30%, Endurance increased by 60%, Attack Speed increased by 40%;

Ignore Levels +50;

All Sword-type Skills effect increased by 40%;

All Sword-type Skills +1 Level;

Effect of Mana increased by 50%.

Additional Skill 1

Spatial Slash (Tier 4): For one attack, increases Strength by 200%, power by two ranks (up to Tier 5 Advanced rank at maximum), and attack range to 1,000 yards.

Cooldown: 40 seconds

Additional Skill 2

Golden Soul (Tier 4): Improves perception of magic elements by 200% and Mana control by 300%. Reduces all Concentration consumption by 70%.

Duration: 1 minute

Cooldown: 6 hours

Additional Skill 3World Breaker (Tier 4): Consumes half of the user’s Concentration and Mana to enhance the Light of Two Worlds, granting the weapon the power to break worlds for one attack. Forcibly increases the power of attack by one tier (up to Tier 5 Advanced rank at maximum).

Cooldown: 1 hour

Created by the Ancient God of Light. The Light of Two Worlds possesses the power to cut all things. The Divine Power Sources within the weapon have been destroyed by an inexplicable power. However, as the weapon itself is still intact, it is possible to fully repair it by injecting new Divine Power Sources. (Divine Power Source injected – 0/2)

Despite being the prototype of the Void Breaker, the Light of Two Worlds had still managed to rank number one among God’s Domain’s Thirty-six Famed Swords. One could easily imagine how powerful the weapon was. Although the Light of Two Worlds was currently incomplete, just the Basic Attributes it provided already made it far superior to even the Abyssal Blade. It undoubtedly had the highest Attack Power out of all the one-handed swords Shi Feng had ever seen. Not to mention, there were also the outrageous Skills the weapon carried. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Just by wielding the Light of Two Worlds, a Tier 4 Swordsman would be capable of exchanging one move with a Tier 5 existence. This was a feat that was impossible with ordinary Fragmented Legendary Weapons.

However, while the Light of Two Worlds was incredibly powerful, its usage condition was also astonishingly high.

Without the several Fragmented Legendary items on Shi Feng, he wouldn’t be able to equip the weapon.

Meanwhile, the Light of Two Worlds’s appearance could also be considered heaven-sent.

Now that Shi Feng had reached Level 140, both the Twilight Blade and Killing Ray could no longer keep up with his level. Hence, he had mainly been fighting with only the Abyssal Blade all this time, with the Twilight Blade and Killing Ray as support.

However, now that he had the Light of Two Worlds, he could arm both his main and sub arms with adequate weapons. In fact, even if he failed to collect the two remaining fragments of Solomon’s Sword, he wouldn’t have to worry about finding a replacement weapon.

Moreover, even if he did manage to complete Solomon’s Sword, the complete Light of Two Worlds wouldn’t be the slightest bit inferior to it. The only problem was that Divine Power Sources were incredibly hard to find. In fact, Shi Feng had only ever heard rumors of Divine Power Sources; he had never actually seen one before.

This was because Divine Power Sources were far more valuable than God Crystals. They were the power sources of Gods, and they carried incredible strength. The value of a Divine Power Source was comparable to a Legendary item. Meanwhile, the Light of Two Worlds actually required two Divine Power Sources.

It seems I’ll need to have the Guild investigate Divine Power Sources. Looking at the Light of Two Worlds, Shi Feng inwardly resolved to repair the weapon, no matter the cost.

Legendary Weapons were far too rare in God’s Domain. Now that one had appeared before him, it would be a huge waste if he did not try to repair it. Meanwhile, after seeing Shi Feng had finished sorting through the loot, Lifeless Thorn and the others approached him with curious eyes.

“Commander, did anything good drop this time?” Looking at Shi Feng, Solitary Nine asked in a whisper, “Did a Legendary item really drop?”

They had just defeated an unrestrained Tier 4 Infant Dragon. If Shi Feng said nothing good dropped, nobody would believe him. Solitary Nine was very curious to find out just how excellent the Infant Golden Dragon’s loot was. After all, there was still no news of any player obtaining a Legendary item, so nobody could tell how powerful Legendary items were.

If a Legendary item had truly appeared among the items dropped, they would’ve hit a huge jackpot.

“Aren’t you guys taking Legendary items too lightly? There’s no way a Legendary item can drop from a monster.” Shi Feng smiled and shook his head when he saw the excited expressions of Solitary Nine and the others. He then said vaguely, “However, while there is no Legendary item in the loot, there are several items whose value is comparable to Legendary items. To me, at least, these items are almost as valuable as actual Legendary items.”

He had no intention of telling everyone the specifics of the items dropped this time.

This was because the loot was truly astonishing. Aside from the Light of Two Worlds, there were two other items that could easily cause a sensation among God’s Domain’s various powers.

One of the two was a Magic Array Design. Although the design only recorded a Master Magic Array, this Master Magic Array was more valuable than even some Grandmaster Magic Arrays.

This was because this magic array existed only in the ancient God’s Domain.

The Twelve-array Magic World!

This magic array could increase the density of all Mana within its area of influence by 200% and players’ Mana perception by 100%. Although it only had two specific functions, if brought back to the modern God’s Domain, it would definitely stand at the peak among all magic arrays in existence.

As for the second item, it was a Mysterious Flame!

Be it in the ancient God’s Domain or modern God’s Domain, Mysterious Flames were incredibly rare items, especially Tier 3 Mysterious Flames and above. A Tier 3 Mysterious Flame was just as rare as a Fragmented Legendary item.

Meanwhile, the Mysterious Flame the Infant Golden Dragon dropped was the Tier 4 Mysterious Flame Hellfire!

A Tier 4 Mysterious Flame was something Shi Feng had only ever heard about in God’s Domain.

According to rumor, after reaching Tier 4, Mysterious Flames would all possess astonishing power and a variety of incredible effects. Take the Soul Fire, for example. It was a Mysterious Flame capable of annihilating a player’s soul, leaving the said player with no choice but to delete their accounts and restart from scratch. Such a feat was impossible for most Tier 5 existences.

Moreover, even if a Tier 5 existence had the ability to wipe out a player’s soul, it would only work on low-tier players. As players reached higher tiers, their souls would also grow stronger and become more resistant to destruction. After a certain point, even a Tier 6 God wielding the power to annihilate the Immortal Souls of players wouldn’t be able to force the said player to delete their account.

Nevertheless, the Tier 4 Soul Fire could easily annihilate even the souls of Tier 3 players. Only after reaching Tier 4 would players become somewhat resistant to the Soul Fire’s strength. This was also why the corrosive effect of the mysterious NPC’s Soul Chain had weakened considerably after Shi Feng had reached Tier 4, allowing Shi Feng to live for much longer.

Now, he had obtained a complete Tier 4 Mysterious Flame. It was different from the incomplete Soul Fire that he had gained through the mysterious NPC’s soul beast.

The other dropped items were similarly very precious. Out of the 100-plus items dropped, over 30 were Legendary materials such as Dragon Claws, Dragon Teeth, Dragon Scales, and Dragon Blood. There were also over a dozen Master Recipes and Epic Equipment Forging Designs. The rest were mainly Inferior Legendary materials and Level 150 Epic Weapons and Equipment.

Two materials stood out among all that bounty

—both Inferior Divine Artifact ranked materials.

The Dragon Eye and the Dragon Crystal!

These were the quest items Angelica Teresa needed.

Meanwhile, after hearing Shi Feng’s words, Lifeless Thorn and Solitary Nine stopped asking questions. They understood that the items dropped this time were extraordinary and could not be revealed. Moreover, Shi Feng had already answered the main question plaguing their minds—there was no Legendary item among the dropped items.

“Yu Luo, you guys start resurrecting the others. We’ll return to Meteorite City afterward,” Shi Feng said to the team’s healers as he looked at the dead Skyflare members’ corpses scattered around the cavern.

Once everyone was alive again, Shi Feng opened a Spatial Gate in the direction of Meteorite City. Thanks to the Spatial Gate, the return trip, which should’ve originally taken a dozen hours or so by Flying Ship, only took four hours, astonishing Skyflare’s members.

If not for the Spatial Gate’s long Cooldown and short duration, it would’ve definitely been considered a godly Skill in God’s Domain.

After returning to Meteorite City, Shi Feng completed all his transactions with Lionheart. Aside from the Crimson Dragon Flying Ship, Lionheart also purchased an additional 20 Crystals of Souls and 100 drops of Soul Water, which netted Shi Feng an additional six million Magic Crystals.

Lionheart also used three million pieces of Mana Ore, which was treated as equivalent to 750,000 Magic Crystals, to exchange for another five Crystals of Souls. Although the Mana Ore’s price had been slightly inflated, this was unavoidable, as purchasing Mana Ore in bulk was incredibly difficult. Purchasing too many would naturally raise the ore’s market value. However, for Shi Feng, getting three million pieces of Mana Ore for the price of just 750,000 Magic Crystals was already a bargain. After the transactions with Lionheart, Shi Feng passed 30 Crystals of Souls and 1,000 drops of Soul Water to Yan Ya for her to conduct future transactions with the Skyflare adventurer team. At the same time, he also tasked her with secretly purchasing some of God’s Domain’s rare items.

Finally, after settling all his business affairs, Shi Feng handed the Dragon Eye and the Dragon Crystal to Angelica Teresa, who was still recuperating from her injuries. As soon as he handed over these two items, not only did Angelica’s Favorability of him increase by 100 points, but she also gave him a Tier 5 Legacy Guidance she had obtained from a Sword Saint.

Shi Feng was a little surprised by this reward.

Is this the hidden reward for not bringing Angelica Teresa on the raid? While the Infant Golden Dragon had indeed dropped a lot of excellent items, it hadn’t dropped any Legacy items. This situation had rendered Shi Feng quite speechless at the time. Now, Angelica Teresa directly handed him the Legacy Guidance he wished for dearly.

After the conversation with Angelica, Shi Feng immediately received a system notification.

System: Congratulations! You have completed the Inferior Mythical Quest “World’s Choice.” You have gained World Authority +2.

System: You have obtained World Authority. World Authority currently at Level 1. Please feel the specific effects of World Authority on your own.

As soon as the system notification appeared, an indistinct chain became visible around Shi Feng’s body from the void. A moment later, this chain suddenly disintegrated, and he immediately felt the world around him becoming much clearer than before. He could even sense that his intimacy with the world of the ancient God’s Domain had improved slightly; the world was no longer as hostile toward him as before.

So, these are the effects of World Authority? Shi Feng was astonished when he sensed the changes to his body.

His affinity with the magic elements was at least 50% better than before. His perception of his Mana’s operating principle had also improved significantly. After careful observation, he noticed that the layer of white mist that hindered his perception had thinned out by roughly 30%.

With such a tremendous improvement, his chances of constructing a Tier 5 Mana Body would increase by at least 20%-at least ten times more than what a Legendary item could provide.

Meteorite City, Silver Hotel:

After spending half a day experiencing the benefits of having World Authority, Shi Feng decided to take a break.

I’ve already made major strides in my Mana control in merely half a day of experimenting. At this rate, my control over Mana can probably reach the Advanced Master standard in just half a month. Shi Feng looked at the time in astonishment.

Initially, he had estimated that he would take three or four months to reach the Advanced Master standard for Mana control. Now, he would need only half a month to accomplish this feat. The amount of time he could save with World Authority was astonishing.

After reaching Tier 4, what was most important to players would no longer be weapons and equipment but their control over Mana. The stronger a Tier 4 player’s Mana control was, the easier using Skills and Spells would be. They would also have an easier time constructing their Tier 5 Mana Body.

From what he knew, one’s Mana control needed to be at the Advanced Master standard at the very minimum to construct a Tier 5 Mana Body.

In other words, so long as his Mana control reached the Advanced Master standard, he could begin attempting to construct a new Mana Body!

“Commander, it’s almost time,” Lifeless Thorn said as he entered the room.

“Okay. I’ve finished all my business here already. We can go now.” Shi Feng nodded. Afterward, Shi Feng, Lifeless Thorn, and Solitary Nine went in secret to a forest several thousand yards away from Meteorite City and met up with Yu Luo, who had been waiting there for quite some time now.

“Guild Leader Black Flame, will we really be able to return?” Yu Luo couldn’t help asking as she counted down the time.

She had tried all sorts of methods to leave the ancient God’s Domain, yet none of them had succeeded. Although there was the system notification’s assurance this time, she still felt a little doubtful.

“Relax. The system won’t lie to us,” Shi Feng said, chuckling when he saw the anxious look on Yu Luo’s face.

Shortly after Shi Feng finished speaking, the system’s timer of one natural day struck zero. Immediately, the space around the four shattered, forming four small space-time tears. An invisible force then pushed them into these space-time tears.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng’s group of four disappeared from the quiet forest as if they never existed here in the first place.