Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 29 - Extraordinary State

In front of the Dungeon of the Deathly Forest, the numbers of Level 2 players gathering were increasing. There was also an endless stream of players diving down into the Dungeon.

Because there were a lot of Level 2 players, there was quite an amount of players who had set up stalls, peddling to the side.

“Good quality Level 0 Common Equipment, don’t miss it when you pass by. You can only go down the Dungeon with good equipment. Equipment is limited, hurry over and buy.”

“Small HP Potions instantly heals 90 HP once. A must-have tool for a battle that is worthy of you.”

God’s Domain had been open for over ten hours now. The players here were all Level 2 players. After over ten hours of battling, they had gathered quite a few items. Many Level 2 players had intended to sell the items which they had no use for, switching them for something they could use. Such a situation had caused business to flourish at the Deathly Forest.

Although the number of players in front of the Deathly Forest continued to increase, the number of parties entering the Dungeon kept on decreasing. Only those parties that were unaware would enter the Deathly Forest.

However, after those players had been properly nurtured by the Deathly Forest, they suddenly discovered their previous beliefs to be very naive. Hence, they obediently stood in front of the Dungeon. They talked about life with other parties while watching new parties enter the Dungeon with a smile. They had also investigated reports of the Deathly Forest together with the experienced parties, mutually improving their strategies to conquer the Dungeon.

Following wave after wave of players entering and dying out of the Dungeon, the Deathly Forest had finally become the sore point of every player in Red Leaf Town.

Every player who entered the Deathly Forest only had one impression of the Dungeon.

It was extremely horrifying!

Currently, in the Resurrection Graveyard of the Deathly Forest, six streaks of white light flashed into existence. Following which, six figures revealed themselves from within.

“There is just no way to clear this Dungeon. Snow, I think we would be better off grinding monsters or doing Quests.” Just after reviving, Zhao Yueru stamped her delicate feet, her chest heaving up and down. The cuteness of her enraged, yet delicate appearance instantly attracted the attention of a crowd of male players.

Gentle Snow shook her head, saying in contemplation, “Our gains inside the Deathly Forest are relatively good, so we can’t just easily give up. But the forest inside the Deathly Forest is too large. Adding in the great number of small paths, we would easily become lost without a map. However, I believe that amongst the numerous pathways, there must be a few that lead to the Boss’ location. The other paths are only there as a trap to confuse us. That is why we are always being ambushed by the Night Rabbits. The more we fight, the more Night Rabbits will come. For now, let’s investigate for some information and see if we can complete a map for the Deathly Forest.”

Everyone felt that Gentle Snow’s speculation made sense, especially about the part where they attacked the Night Rabbits. Occasionally, a chilling arrow aimed at the Cleric, Xiao Yue’er, would appear from within the forest. If it wasn’t for Xiao Yue’er’s skill at dodging, they would have long since party-wiped.

Also, the deeper they went into the forest, the more numerous the Night Rabbits became. In the end, the Night Rabbits became too overwhelming in numbers. They were unable to shoulder all of the rabbits, which resulted in their return through death. If they could find the correct path, they might have already cleared the Dungeon by now.

Zhao Yueru could only nod her head in agreement. The party’s leader was, in fact, Gentle Snow, and Gentle Snow’s speculations were always very accurate. Zhao Yueru could not help but believe in her.

Going with the suggestion, Gentle Snow and Zhao Yueru nonchalantly shouted a few times, stating that they wanted to trade information about the Deathly Forest.

It couldn’t be denied, the striking effect created by two great beauties calling out. Suddenly, the atmosphere in the Deathly Forest started to boil as players rushed over, one after another. Every one of them wanted to be the first in position.

Too many of the male players, this was a great chance for them to talk to a Goddess. Who knew, if the Goddess had looked upon them they might be able to live a ‘blessed’ life in the future.

Meanwhile, inside the Hell Mode of the Deathly Forest. The sky within the Dungeon had already darkened. Thousands of birds soared to the skies, leaving the forest in a deadly silence.

Werewolf Felt was not any common monster. It was a very famous werewolf. In the past, it massacred countless in Red Leaf Town, nearly turning Red Leaf Town into a town of death. In a fit of rage, the Star-Moon Kingdom had sent out its army to surround Felt. In the end, after being heavily wounded by the Great Swordmaster, Hilton, Felt had escaped into the Deathly Forest to treat its wounds. It was the reason why the Dungeon of the Deathly Forest existed.

In Hell Mode, Felt had three absolute skills. The first one was [Death Stare]. Enemies who Felt stared at would have their Attack Speed and Movement Speed greatly reduced. If one had a weak willpower, they might not even be able to move.

Presently, only Shi Feng had 30 points in Agility. After he had activated the three Hidden Basic Skills he possessed, he gained a certain amount of resistance towards the Death Stare. As for the other people, their reactions would become very sluggish.

That was why Shi Feng remained the one to keep Werewolf Felt in check, whereas Drowsy Sloth continuously healed Shi Feng. However, Drowsy Sloth’s casting speed had slowed by half. As for the melee players, they were no help whatsoever. However, it was not because they did not want to help, but it was because they had no way of helping at all. Werewolf Felt’s Attack Speed was just too fast. It was to the degree where they couldn’t react to its attacks. It was as if they were facing off against an expert that came straight out from a Wuxia novel; normal people had no chance to interfere whatsoever.

They would only be creating more trouble if they had rushed up to the battle. So, it was still better to just watch from the side.

Currently, only the ranged mages dealt damage. However, the damage caused was just too low. Even Blackie’s Dark Arrows were only dealing -24 damage each.

“Lonely, interrupt the roar!” Seeing Felt abruptly inhaling, Shi Feng immediately shouted.

Lonely Snow had long since prepared for this moment. Immediately, he went forward and used Charge, causing Felt to enter a 1 second Fainted state. Then, he quickly retreated.

Shi Feng took the chance to use Thundering Flash, Double Chop, and Chop. One attack after another landed on Felt’s chest. Before Felt could even regain its breath, it had spat out a mouthful of blood. Shi Feng had caused a terrifying -500 damage to it.

Within an instant, Felt’s HP had fallen to 78%.

Everyone watching became dumbfounded. Regarding Shi Feng’s powerful actions, they only had one word to say: Amazing! They were even more impressed by Shi Feng’s eyesight. He had actually discovered such a weakness on Felt’s body. Now, everyone was further reassured that Shi Feng was not as simple as he seemed.

However, Shi Feng did not display any great excitement. Although they had interrupted Hell’s Roar and avoided a party-wipe, this would create a reverse effect.

After spitting out a mouthful of blood, Werewolf Felt’s condition became much more pleasant. It spun its head around and immediately slashed its sharp claws at Shi Feng. The slashing speed of Felt’s claws was even a notch quicker than before, filling the sky with the afterimages of its claws.

However, Shi Feng was not a weakling either. Strength, Agility, and Endurance, Shi Feng activated the Hidden Basic Skills of all three of these Attributes. With these skills activated, it meant that Shi Feng’s constitution was no longer that of an average player, but an extraordinary one. Shi Feng’s greatest asset in coming into the Deathly Forest was this Extraordinary State which he could activate at any given moment. With it, he could do things that normal players couldn’t.

Under a sky filled with after images of claws, Shi Feng could still remain safe and sound. It was as if Shi Feng was dancing under the afterimages. Occasionally, Shi Feng used his sword to fend off the attacks which he could not avoid. This was the power of being under an extraordinary condition. His five senses became extremely sensitive, and his brain’s processing abilities became exceptionally focused. Shi Feng could utilize his body to its greatest potential. If it was an average player, however, they would be unable to carry out such feats. It was both mentally and physically taxing to the extraordinary condition. If Shi Feng had not become accustomed to it before, he would only be able to maintain such a state for a few seconds.

Claws and sword intertwined, creating countless dazzling sparks.

Both sides had their HP continuously falling. Fortunately, Shi Feng was able to survive the exchange with Drowsy Sloth’s timely heals.

Afterward, under Shi Feng’s command, Lonely Snow would occasionally interrupt the Hell’s Roar, while Cola would hold back Felt whenever Shi Feng was in danger, and Blackie would use Evil Whip to contain Felt’s movements. In such a way, Werewolf Felt’s HP continuously decreased, 70%... 60%... 30%...

“Everyone stand in a straight line facing the Boss! Quickly!” Shi Feng hurriedly shouted when he saw Werewolf Felt’s HP nearing 30%.

Werewolf Felt would become the most frightening when its HP decreased to 30%. During this time, it was impossible to interrupt the Hell’s Roar. They could only take it head on.

No one had any hesitation; they knew that the Boss was about to go berserk. They immediately took action, forming a straight line against Werewolf Felt, while also maintaining a 30-yard distance away from it.

The moment Werewolf Felt’s HP reached 30%, its fur started changing colors. Within a moment, its fur had become snow white, and two streams of blood leaked from its eyes. Its chest also started to quickly expand, as if it was a swelled-up frog.

Shi Feng immediately activated Gravity Liberation, quickly arriving in front of everyone else.

“Cola, use Protection Blessing on me!” Shi Feng loudly shouted.

Protection Blessing was able to reduce the damage taken by a party member by 50% for a duration of 6 seconds. It was a lifesaving skill with a 5-minute Cooldown, and right now was the perfect moment to use it. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

[Protection Blessing] of Guardian Knights and [Shield Wall] of Shield Warriors. These two skills had a high drop rate inside the Hell Mode of the Deathly Forest. Before, the reason why Shi Feng had wasted time on clearing out some unnecessary Night Rabbits was all to obtain this skill, Protection Blessing.