Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2847 Den of Monsters?

Chapter 2847 – Den of Monsters?

The night was quiet, and the moon hung high in the sky.

Apart from the street lights, no other light source shone in the Sixth Southern District. It was evident that the people living in this residential area had already gone to bed.

Outside the residential area, Yi Kui approached Wang Xuanming, who was all in black, and reported carefully, “Mr. Wang, all the houses in the residential area have already turned off their lights. Only a few monitoring facilities are still operating there. In addition, we found 32 Enforcement Robots patrolling the area. They do not follow any set patrol routes.”

The reason the Upper Zone was incredibly safe wasn’t just the Green God Company’s absolute authority in the Upper Zone. Apart from that, there was also the fact that anyone who had lived here for some time would gain a physique rivaling that of Henglian masters in the outside world.

Moreover, while the Upper Zone prioritized mental strength above all, every resident living in the Upper Zone still possessed exceptionally high combat standards. Defeating such people within a short period would be incredibly difficult.

Most importantly, Enforcement Robots constantly patrolled every corner of the Upper Zone. Not only did these Enforcement Robots operate using state-of-the-art artificial intelligence, but their bodies were also made of titanium alloy and other special alloys. Even if they received a hit from a cannon of ancient times, they would, at most, suffer minor damage, although it was highly unlikely that a cannon could ever land a hit on these Enforcement Robots.

This was because these robots possessed inhuman reaction speeds and physiques. Thanks to these factors, they could rival neutralizing grandmasters. Before these Enforcement Robots, both neutralizing grandmasters and Henglian grandmasters were nothing. Hence, Henglian grandmasters dared not take any covert action in the Upper Zone. At most, they would openly cross hands with their opponents.

This frightening technology was exclusive to the Green God Company and was one reason the various corporations worldwide feared the Green God Company so much.

“Thirty-two?” Nodding, Wang Xuanming said, “Okay. Give me a map of their general location.”

Wang Xuanming was not the slightest bit surprised to find so many Enforcement Robots in a residential area. In fact, this number was significantly lower than what mansion districts would boast. Even an ordinary mansion district would have at least 200 Enforcement Robots on patrol at all times. The security there was truly impeccable. It was only because Shi Feng was living in an ordinary residential area that Wang Xuanming had an opportunity to take action.

Even then, Wang Xuanming was only confident of teaching Shi Feng a small lesson and heavily injuring him. This was because these Enforcement Robots were incredibly fast. The first Enforcement Robot would arrive within eight seconds of the moment he broke into Shi Feng’s house. This was also the basic arrangement for ordinary residential areas.

Hence, after Wang Xuanming factored in the time he needed to escape, he concluded that he only had a very short time to do battle. If he delayed too long and got discovered by an Enforcement Robot, he shouldn’t even think of escaping. As for putting up a fight against the Enforcement Robots, that was simply suicidal.

“These are the locations of the 32 robots ten seconds ago,” Yi Kui said as he transferred the data to Wang Xuanming’s quantum watch. Immediately, 32 red dots appeared on the map displayed on Wang Xuanming’s watch.

After glancing at the map, Wang Xuanming smiled and said, “It seems Xia Qingying is treating this guy quite well. With this distribution, I’ll only have seven seconds to conclude the operation.”

“Seven seconds?” Yi Kui frowned at Wang Xuanming’s estimate. “How about I attract the attention of those robots?”

There might only be a one-second difference between seven seconds and eight seconds, but a Henglian grandmaster could cross a distance of several dozen meters in one second. Hence, one second was by no means a short period.

“Relax.” Grinning, Wang Xuanming said, “Let alone this residential area, I’ve infiltrated even more dangerous places than this in the past. Seven seconds is more than enough for me already.”

If an ordinary Henglian grandmaster were taking action, seven seconds would indeed be insufficient for them to injure a neutralizing grandmaster and escape without getting caught. Not to mention, Shi Feng was a neutralizing grandmaster who had achieved an incredibly high standard in his mental strength. The control he had over his body was far superior to the average neutralizing grandmaster’s, which would make teaching him a lesson even more difficult.

However, this wasn’t a problem for Wang Xuanming. After all, he was only half a step away from becoming a mental strength master. The control he could exert over his body was far beyond what an ordinary Henglian grandmaster like Yi Kui could exert.

In a situation where Wang Xuanming fully exerted himself, he would need only three seconds to kill a Henglian grandmaster, let alone a neutralizing grandmaster. Besides, his goal was only to injure Shi Feng heavily.

Yi Kui did not doubt the man in the slightest. After all, not only was Wang Xuanming incredibly famous in Haitian City’s Upper Zone, but Yi Kui had sparred with him before and suffered defeat after exchanging a single punch. Moreover, after that exchange, his entire arm had gone numb and became paralyzed for a short period—despite Wang Xuanming holding back.

Before that fight, Yi Kui had never thought that it would be possible for a person to possess such incredible strength. Wang Xuanming’s strength could practically rival Superman’s. With such strength, it would be child’s play for Wang Xuanming to teach Shi Feng a lesson.

After Wang Xuanming made some basic preparations, he promptly sneaked into the residential area by himself.

Wang Xuanming’s actions were swift and silent. Despite Yi Kui keeping a close eye on him, the latter disappeared from his sight after just three seconds.

Did his control over his body improve even further?

Yi Kui shuddered involuntarily when Wang Xuanming disappeared into the coverless residential area. This was the first time he had seen someone with such an astonishing grasp of their body and surroundings. If Wang Xuanming decided to take action against him, the consequences would be unprecedented.

Yi Kui felt very fortunate that Lu Tiandi had a good relationship with Wang Xuanming. If the two of them were hostile, then as Lu Tiandi’s butler-cum-bodyguard, he would definitely suffer a miserable death.

While Yi Kui was in awe of Wang Xuanming’s capabilities, Wang Xuanming successfully evaded the Enforcement Robots one after another and arrived before Shi Feng’s residential unit undetected.

However, Wang Xuanming did not rush to break into the house. Instead, he hid in a corner and silently observed his surroundings, then inspected the distribution of the 32 Enforcement Robots.

He was being so cautious because the only way he could enter the house was by breaking down the door; hacking the lock system was simply impossible. Meanwhile, the moment he broke down the door, the nearby Enforcement Robots would take action. Hence, he needed to have a precise grasp of his timing and plan his escape route first. Otherwise, he would definitely get caught.

Good! There are three escape routes! So long as I can teach that Shi Feng a lesson in five seconds, I can get out of this residential area scot-free!

After planning his escape routes on his quantum watch and conducting some mental simulations, Wang Xuanming set his sights on the nearby door. He then put on the helmet he carried, thoroughly concealing his identity. And as soon as he finished mentally preparing himself, he strode forward silently and arrived in front of the door in the blink of an eye.

Subsequently, he kicked the door without hesitation. The door deformed, smashed open in an instant.

Immediately afterward, the alarm in the house rang, and six Enforcement Robots received the alert almost simultaneously. These six Enforcement Robots then dashed straight for Shi Feng’s house.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng, who was logged into God’s Domain, also received the intruder alert as soon as the alarm sounded, and logged out of the game immediately. His reaction speed was so fast that he completed the entire process in just one second.

However, for a Henglian grandmaster, one second was a long time. Even though the house had a 200-square-meter footprint, Wang Xuanming still passed through the long corridor and arrived in the middle of the living room in just one second.

The next moment, just as Wang Xuanming entered the 60-square-meter living room and was about to charge toward Shi Feng’s bedroom, he was stunned.

This was because he discovered a woman with silky, waist-length hair sitting on the living room sofa. Wearing a snow-white nightgown, she quietly regarded Wang Xuanming with eyes that carried neither joy nor sorrow.

Looking at the absolute beauty before him, Wang Xuanming smiled and said, “Miss, it’s bad for your skin to stay up this late!”

Wang Xuanming did not stay surprised for long. This was because the information he had acquired had indicated that Shi Feng was living together with two women, who appeared to be Zero Wing’s Vice Guild Leaders.

As Wang Xuanming spoke, he did not stop his feet at all. In just a few steps, he had already arrived before Gentle Snow.

Immediately afterward, he executed footwork and split his body into three afterimages. These three afterimages then executed a chop at Gentle Snow simultaneously, the chops breaking the sound barrier.

“Rest up for a week!”

The three chops Wang Xuanming executed were lightning-fast. Facing this move, even a neutralizing grandmaster would barely manage to stop two of the blows.

The next moment, the three chops could be seen landing on Gentle Snow’s body simultaneously.

“Huh?”

However, the instant his hand hit Gentle Snow’s body, Wang Xuanming was stunned.

An afterimage!

Moreover, before Wang Xuanming realized it, another lithe figure had appeared beside him. This figure was none other than Gentle Snow. At this time, Gentle Snow still regarded him with the same emotionless gaze, apparently unaffected by his attack.

Dammit! Where did that guy find such a monster?!

Wang Xuanming stared at Gentle Snow in shock and confusion. He also couldn’t understand how Gentle Snow could be so powerful despite being so young.

Before clashing with Gentle Snow, he already had an inkling that she would be a difficult opponent. Hence, he had gone all-out right off the bat to end the fight quickly.

However, when he exchanged moves with Gentle Snow, he understood just how terrifying the woman was.

No!

She’s not just terrifying!

She’s practically inhuman!

He could clearly tell that Gentle Snow’s physical fitness was only at the standard of Henglian masters, which was far inferior to his own. Nevertheless, she had reacted to his attack as if she had long since known what he would do. Moreover, he had even failed to perceive her evasion.

While he was executing his earlier attack, the figure he saw sitting on the sofa had merely been an afterimage his mind had fixated on. The moment he began his attack, Gentle Snow herself had already disappeared from the sofa.

The ability to evade a Henglian grandmaster’s mental perception wasn’t something that could be gained overnight. It was a high-level technique that had to be cultivated through rigorous training and countless battles involving life and death.

While Wang Xuanming might look like a 25-year-old man, he was, in reality, nearing 35 already. Yet, even at his age, he had just barely touched upon the threshold of this technique.

In contrast, not only had this young woman before him learned this technique, but she had also mastered it to the point where she could dodge the attack of a half-step mental strength master with ease.

Upon thinking up to this point, Wang Xuanming rushed to the door almost immediately. He had no intention of staying here for even a second longer.

If he were to clash against such a monster, it would be impossible for him to produce any results within the limited time available. If he stayed any longer, the Enforcement Robots would catch him.

However, when Wang Xuanming reached the entrance, he found another lithe figure standing by the door. This person was none other than Aqua Rose.

“Scram!”

Looking at the woman dressed in a light-blue nightgown before him, Wang Xuanming grew enraged. Not only had he failed to accomplish his mission, but there was even a monster behind him. If he wasted any more time here, he would definitely fall into the Enforcement Robots’ hands.

Hence, Wang Xuanming’s first reaction when seeing Aqua Rose was to attack her with everything he had.

The next moment, over a dozen fists could be seen punching at Aqua Rose, every punch carrying the full strength of a Henglian grandmaster. Even a Henglian grandmaster would suffer internal injuries and lose consciousness if they got hit by such a barrage of punches.

However, Wang Xuanming was dumbfounded once he finished executing his attack. When his fists had landed on the woman before him, he felt as if he were shadow-boxing. Not only did his attacks fail to repel the woman, but the woman had even moved closer to him.

By the time Wang Xuanming had executed well over a hundred punches, Aqua Rose stood only half a step away from his two-meter-tall body, her delicate palm smacking his chest.

Despite Aqua Rose only executing a gentle strike, Wang Xuanming felt an intense pain in his chest. The pain was so unbearable that he stumbled two steps back.

How is this possible?! Wang Xuanming gaped at the woman before him in disbelief.

A monster!

Another monster!

At this time, Gentle Snow arrived behind Wang Xuanming and was quietly looking at the burly man.

Wang Xuanming revealed an incomparably ashen expression as he switched his gaze between Aqua Rose and Gentle Snow, wishing he could kill Yi Kui. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

How did that man conduct his investigation?

Two inhuman monsters actually lived inside an ordinary residential unit. Even the security level at the mansion areas couldn’t compare to the security of this little house.