Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2852 - Breakthrough, Tier 5 Concentration

Even without Shi Feng deliberately maintaining the bridge, the aura he radiated was now enough to slow the bridge’s collapse drastically.

A 120% Completion Rate Mana Body truly is amazing. No wonder people thought players could contend against a Dragon of the same tier once a player’s Mana Body reached 120% Completion. Shi Feng was astonished as he studied the stabilized bridge underfoot. Despite not making a conscious effort to control his Mana Body, he exerted a powerful stabilizing effect on his surroundings. With how powerful his current Mana Body was, he couldn’t even begin to imagine how powerful his Mana Domain had become.

Fighting a Dragon of the same tier and level aside, he could now contend against a Half-step Demon King of the same level, at the very least.

Afterward, Shi Feng began injecting his segregated Mana into the broken bridge.

Once he did so, the broken bridge seemed renewed. The bridge’s gradual collapse instantly halted, and its toughness had clearly risen to a whole new level as well. At this time, the bridge could probably receive Tier 4 attacks without sustaining any damage. Amazing! Sure enough, this is the true way to use Mana!

In the past, whenever he activated a Skill or Spell, he would make use of every type of Mana available in his body to manipulate the ambient Mana around him. Achieving a 10% efficiency by doing so would already be fortunate.

This was because most Skills and Spells utilized only a specific element of Mana to activate. To manipulate only a specific type of Mana in the environment, using the corresponding element of Mana to do so would yield the best results. Using other elements would still allow one to exert a certain degree of control; however, the efficiency would be incredibly poor. A backlash might even occur.

Now that Shi Feng had perfectly matched his Mana with the ambient Mana, he could use the ambient Mana’s power at 100% efficiency. One could easily imagine how much of a boost to his combat power this change would bring.

After thoroughly stabilizing the broken bridge, Shi Feng shifted his attention to the Mana Constructs keeping the bridge together. Keeping the bridge’s Mana Constructs stable and operational could be considered the bottom line for this trial. If he wished to pass the trial, he would need to reconstruct the bridge. Otherwise, all he could do was stand still and stare idly at the distant land until his time ran out.

This is…

After carefully inspecting the bridge, Shi Feng was surprised.

Previously, he had focused entirely on stabilizing the bridge, so he hadn’t spent much time observing the bridge itself. Now that his Mana Body had reached a 120% Completion Rate, his perception of his surroundings had improved to a point where it felt as if he had again taken over a Half-step Demon King’s body.

DI

As expected of the Dragon race’s trial! This bridge’s Mana Constructs are simply phenomenal! Shi Feng sighed in awe as he observed the broken bridge’s structure. This bridge has made use of practically every property and operating principle of the various elements of Mana. Without a considerable understanding of these aspects, it would be impossible to create such Mana Constructs.

In God’s Domain, it was already a heaven-defying task for players to gain a deep understanding of the operating principles of the various types of Mana. Hence, making proper use of these types of Mana was simply a luxury players couldn’t afford.

In fact, even the Ice World Saint’s Legacy provided a detailed introduction of only ice-type Mana and just briefly touched on the other elements. Needless to say, the Legacy didn’t include instructions on how to use these other Mana types.

However, the bridge Shi Feng stood on perfectly displayed the basic use of the various elements of Mana. It was much better than a simple text introduction! Of course, it wouldn’t be an easy task to see how exactly this bridge was constructed.

This was because ordinary Tier 4 existences couldn’t get a clear view of the operating principles of Mana, let alone the operating principles of a Mana Construct. Only Dragons with their high Life Ratings could possibly accomplish such a feat at Tier 4.

Even so, this situation was definitely a massive opportunity for Tier 4 players.

The biggest hurdle Tier 4 players needed to cross to reach Tier 5 was the construction of their personalized Mana Body. This process required players to have not only excellent control over Mana but also a profound understanding of the operating principles and usage of Mana and knowledge of the construction of Mana Bodies.

Meanwhile, the broken bridge underneath Shi Feng just so happened to address these problems. Suppressing the impatience in his heart, Shi Feng immediately began reconstructing the broken bridge with his own Mana. Following this, time passed quickly. Although reconstructing the bridge was incredibly challenging, due to the Eternal Energy surrounding him, Shi Feng found that the incomparably complex Mana Constructs weren’t impossible to understand.

Despite encountering failure one after another, Shi Feng did not grow disappointed but even became increasingly excited instead. This was because he was making progress with each failure. As he continuously adjusted his utilization of the various Mana types, his control over them also improved in precision and efficiency.

After experimenting for two days straight, Shi Feng finally constructed a half-meter-long bridge. I did it! I finally did it!

An indescribable sense of joy and excitement welled up in Shi Feng’s heart as he looked at the portion of the bridge he had reconstructed. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Although the bridge he reconstructed looked much cruder than the original bridge, it did not send him plunging into the abyss below when he tried to stand on it.

Most importantly, he had finally gained a basic understanding of the various Mana Constructs. This meant that he had finally reached a qualified level when it came to utilizing the various elements of Mana!

With these achievements, he was confident he could begin constructing his Tier 5 Mana Body.

Of course, Shi Feng did not let his achievements blind him. He still gave the trial’s completion top priority. After all, having a Divine Dragon as a companion was much more important than constructing his personalized Mana Body.

Immediately afterward, he resumed reconstructing the broken bridge and advanced toward the distant land.

Although Shi Feng had spent two days reconstructing his first half-meter-long segment, now that he had a foundation, he could reconstruct the subsequent segments much more quickly. Moreover, he also improved his precision with every segment he reconstructed, which, in turn, made his reconstructions look increasingly refined.

After working for nearly a day, Shi Feng finally reached the 500-meter mark, his achievement extending his time limit by one day.

The distance from the starting point to the distant land is roughly 20 kilometers. So, I’ll need to extend the bridge by seven kilometers or so to pass the trial. If I can complete 500 meters per day, I should finish this trial within half a month. After Shi Feng made some rough mental calculations, anticipation filled him.

Although he would be spending much more time in this trial than he initially expected, the harvest he would gain was very much worth the time spent.

After resting for a moment, Shi Feng promptly resumed his job as a construction worker.

Meanwhile, after another eight days had gone by while Shi Feng was reconstructing the broken bridge, a loud tearing sound suddenly appeared in a secret land in the eastern continent.

A spatial channel several kilometers tall and 20 kilometers wide was sealed in this secret land. The moment the loud tearing noise sounded, the divine runes sealing this spatial channel shattered and faded out of existence.

“It is still starting in the end?”

An illusory figure appeared before the spatial channel. After looking at the spatial channel with a complicated gaze, this figure then disappeared without a trace.

At the same time as this illusory figure disappeared, nearly 20 figures emerged from this gigantic spatial channel. Every one of these figures exuded powerful and ancient auras highly incompatible with the surrounding space.

“Hahaha! It’s finally open! Our Guild was even the first to discover it!”

“So, this is an alternate God’s Domain? Why is the ambient Mana here so thin?”

“Although the Mana density is somewhat low here, it is still another God’s Domain. Hurry up and notify the Guild Leader and the others. Tell them that the seal has been lifted and that the World Passage is open. Have them make the necessary preparations. I’ll go ahead with a team to understand the situation of this God’s Domain. We must claim this world for ourselves ahead of the other Guilds!” said the middle-aged man standing at the head of the team.

At the middle-aged man’s words, the team immediately split into two groups: three players returned to the World Passage, while the remaining 15 players charged straight toward the secret land’s exit.

As these foreign invaders were taking action, Shi Feng was struggling inside the distant special space.

I didn’t think that reconstructing the bridge would place such a huge burden on the brain. It’s already been eight days, yet I haven’t even reached the 3,400-meter mark. I’ve also exhausted more than half of my Concentration already.

Shi Feng smiled bitterly as he looked at the distant land.

At this time, he more or less understood why the giant Dragon had such low hopes for him.

Originally, he thought that he could progress 500 meters a day. However, the more time he spent in the trial, the greater the mental pressure he suffered from reconstructing the bridge. Whenever he tried manipulating the bridge’s Mana Constructs, he felt like needles were pricking his mind. Moreover, the degree of pain intensified as he progressed, making the bridge’s reconstruction increasingly difficult. Now, he couldn’t even manage 300 meters in a day. Despite this situation, Shi Feng had no intention of giving up. After all, every moment he spent in this special space allowed him to improve his control over the various elements of Mana.

If possible, he even wished he could spend several months in this special space. However, this obviously wasn’t allowed, as proven by the increasingly powerful mental pressure he suffered. This feature was most likely implemented to deal with anyone trying to exploit this special space’s benefits. Shi Feng continued pushing forward for the next three days.

By the end of the third day, Shi Feng would suffer intense pain even if he only slightly manipulated his Mana. After the fourth day, Shi Feng’s complexion had not only become deathly pale, but even his consciousness was beginning to blur. Meanwhile, as his consciousness grew increasingly hazy, he gradually understood that his time in the trial was coming to an end. This wasn’t just because he was running out of time but also because he would thoroughly exhaust his Concentration and collapse after a few more attempts. The next moment, after Shi Feng completed another one-meter-long segment and was about to lose consciousness, the system’s crisp and indifferent voice suddenly entered his ears.

System: Congratulations! Your Concentration has reached the Tier 5 standard! It is also detected that your Mana Body has reached the 120% Completion Rate. You have one opportunity to receive a World Blessing and reconstruct your Sea of Consciousness. Do you wish to activate the World Blessing now? (Opportunity will be rejected by default if you do not respond in three minutes.)