Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2854 - Upgrading the Abyssal Blade

Inside the ancient Dragon Temple… “How surprising!” the Dragon phantom exclaimed in astonishment when Shi Feng suddenly appeared before it. “Despite having the body of a human, you actually managed to clear a trial made for the Dragon race. Moreover, you managed to reach the halfway point. This is a rare achievement, even among the Dragon race.”

“A rare achievement?” Shi Feng was surprised by the Dragon’s words.

The Dragon race was an apex race. The perception of Dragons was definitely far superior to his own. Not to mention, there were even Divine Dragons among the Dragon race. For Divine Dragons, let alone reaching the halfway point, even completing the entire bridge and reaching the distant land shouldn’t be strange. After all, the Life Rating they possessed far exceeded that of humans.

“That’s right. This is a rare achievement,” the Dragon phantom said, nodding. “In the Dragon race’s long history, only five have managed to reach the halfway point while still at Tier 4. Every one of them is a genius of the Dragon race with an excellent Bloodline. Hence, I find it truly incredible that you accomplished the same feat with just the body of a human.”

Shi Feng was surprised once more. He never thought that even among the Dragon race, only five Dragons had reached the halfway point while still at Tier 4.

Reaching the halfway point was indeed a challenging task. Not only would one need to have a sufficiently powerful soul, but one would also need to utilize the various elements of Mana to their very limits.

However, having a powerful soul was a given for Dragons. As for utilizing the various elements’ basic properties, this was also as easy as drinking water for Dragons. Otherwise, there was no way Dragons could be so powerful.

“Normally, Dragons that can reach the halfway point are already adults. I can now see why Auerbeck decided to let you undertake the trial,” the Dragon phantom said, its eyes filled with praise as it looked at Shi Feng. “Now, according to the ancient contract, you may take one of the three Treasure Chests stored within the treasury.”

As soon as the Dragon phantom finished speaking, three massive Treasure Chests appeared before Shi Feng.

The instant these Treasure Chests appeared, the Mana within the Dragon Temple immediately thickened. In fact, a faint hint of Divine Might now wafted into the temple.

As expected of the Dragon race’s reward. I doubt I can get such loot even from killing a Tier 6 God.

Shi Feng was filled with an indescribable sense of shock as he inspected the three Treasure Chests before him.

The trial rewards this time were simply mind-blowing.

If taken to the outside world, any one of these three Treasure Chests could drive the entire God’s Domain wild.

The first chest, named the Blackstone Treasure Chest, gave players one Fragmented Legendary Weapon and two pieces of Fragmented Legendary Equipment that suited them.

The second chest, named the Red Crystal Treasure Chest, contained four items, either Tier 5 Skill Books or Tier 5 Legacy Guidances suitable for the player. The third chest, named the Purple Jade Treasure Chest, rewarded players with 10 to 12 God Crystals.

The Blackstone Treasure Chest aside, both the Red Crystal Treasure Chest and Purple Jade Treasure Chest provided things Shi Feng greatly desired.

At this time, he only needed to create a personalized Mana Body to get promoted to Tier 5. Hence, Tier 5 Skill Books were of great importance to him. If he relied only on Legacy Skill Points, he would be able to acquire only two Tier 5 Skills at best.

God Crystals were equally important to him. This was because God Crystals were needed to upgrade many of the weapons and equipment he possessed, and upgrading these items would provide a tremendous boost to his combat power.

“Pick one.” The Dragon phantom smiled faintly when it saw the gleam in Shi Feng’s eyes. “I will teleport you back in three minutes, so you’d best not take too long in choosing.”

After giving the matter some thought, Shi Feng said earnestly, “I’ve decided. I will go with the Purple Jade Treasure Chest.”

While the Red Crystal Treasure Chest was indeed important to him, he was, after all, still at Tier 4 right now. Moreover, the items appearing inside the Red Crystal Treasure Chest were completely random. If he were unfortunate, he might end up getting four Tier 5 Legacy Guidances.

Moreover, God Crystals weren’t easy to come by. If he missed this opportunity, who knew how long he would have to wait before he received another opportunity to improve his weapons and equipment further?

“Alright, this Purple Jade Treasure Chest is yours,” the Dragon phantom said, lifting a claw. Immediately, the barrier sealing the Purple Jade Treasure Chest disappeared.

Shi Feng chose to open the Treasure Chest without hesitation. After all, there was no way he could bring such a massive Treasure Chest away.

The instant the Treasure Chest opened, Divine Might gushed out of it. Bathed in this Divine Might, even ordinary Tier 4 players would grow fearful and dare not approach the Treasure Chest. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

However, now that Shi Feng’s Concentration had reached the Tier 5 standard, resisting this Divine Might wasn’t much of a problem. In fact, he was confident he could stand tall in the presence of even a bona fide Tier 6 God in his present state.

Eleven?

Shi Feng couldn’t help feeling a little disappointed when he saw the number of God Crystals in the Treasure Chest. If not for the Luck Attribute having no effect on high-caliber Treasure Chests, he definitely would’ve activated Divine Providence to boost his Luck.

After all, the value of one God Crystal nearly rivaled that of Fragmented Legendary items. Moreover, God Crystals were just as rare as Fragmented Legendary items.

Although that’s one less God Crystal than I hoped for, I have more than enough to upgrade my weapon now.

The next moment, Shi Feng had the Abyssal Blade absorb four God Crystals without hesitation.

Now that he was at the Half-step Tier 5 standard, only the Light of Two Worlds was an adequate weapon for him. The Abyssal Blade couldn’t keep up with him any longer. Hence, he had to upgrade it.

After the Abyssal Blade absorbed the four God Crystals, its Skills got upgraded to Tier 4, and its Basic Attributes underwent some changes.

…

(Abyssal Blade) (One-handed Sword, Magic Weapon, Fragmented Legendary Rank)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 3,000, Agility 2,000

Attack Power (235% of Strength Attribute)

Attack Speed (2.3% of Agility Attribute)

All Attributes (Increases according to user’s level)

Ignore Levels +35

Attacks have:

% chance to cause 250% damage;

% chance to cause 300% damage; Every attack increases attack speed by 2% to a maximum of 30%.

When equipped:

Strength increased by 50%, Agility increased by 50%, Intelligence increased by 35%; Endurance increased by 50%;

Attack Speed increased by 40%; All effects of weapon-related Skills increased by 20%; All item level requirements reduced by 10 Levels.

If wielder belongs to a Swordsman-related class, all Skill Levels +6.

Increase Free Ability Points received for every increase in Level by 2 points.

Equipment Tier 4. Can be evolved (Devour 9 God Crystals to evolve to Tier 5).

Additional Active Skill 1: Darkness Bind (Tier 4). Binds all enemies within a 500-yard radius for 4 seconds and reduces their Defense and Magic Resistance by 100% for 20 seconds. Cooldown: 40 seconds

Additional Active Skill 2: Darkness Domain (Tier 4). Converts an area of 800 yards around the user into a Darkness Domain. Weakens the senses of all enemies within the Darkness Domain and reduces enemies’ Basic Attributes by 20%. While inside the Darkness Domain, the user may control up to 36 strands of Power of Darkness. Each strand carries a force equivalent to 150% of the user’s Strength and causes 200% darkness damage.

Duration: 60 seconds

Cooldown: 10 minutes

Additional Passive Profound Inheritance: Mana Abyss (Tier 4). The higher the density of the Mana surrounding the Abyssal Blade, the more power the weapon will exhibit. The power of the weapon can be increased up to 150%.

Additional Active Profound Inheritance: Black Dragon’s Soul (Tier 4). Grants the user the Black Dragon King’s soul and transforms the user into the Black Dragon King. The higher the density of the surrounding Mana, the higher the Black Dragon King’s Life Rating will be. Can use the Skill, Dragon Breath.

Duration: 10 minutes

Cooldown: 15 hours A sword recast from the fragments of an ancient, unknown weapon. The Black Dragon King’s power has been sealed within the sword, although the Black Dragon King has cursed the weapon. Beyond the immense strength the blade offers, the wielder must face a Backlash after a certain amount of time. If the wielder cannot suppress the Backlash, the wielder will receive the Black Dragon King’s curse, permanently reducing all Attributes by 70%.

Unable to be dropped. Unable to be traded.

Unable to be destroyed.

After the Abyssal Blade absorbed the four God Crystals, its Attributes and Skills received significant improvements. Although the Magic Weapon was still no match for the Light of Two Worlds in terms of Attack Power and attack speed, it was still top-tier among Fragmented Legendary Weapons.

Shi Feng felt very satisfied after upgrading his weapon.

Now that he had the Tier 4 Abyssal Blade, combined with his Half-step Tier 5 standard, he was confident he could hold his own even against a real Tier 4 Dragon. After all, once he transformed himself into a Tier 4 Dragon, his combat standards and mastery over the elements would become much superior to the average Tier 4 Dragon’s.

Although Shi Feng also had the option of repairing the Disintegration Armor instead of upgrading the Abyssal Blade, he had decided against it. The Disintegration Armor was Legendary Set Equipment. If he couldn’t gather the complete set, the equipment requirement of an individual piece would be higher than normal. This would make it impossible for him to equip the Disintegration Armor. After all, Legendary Weapons and Equipment were crafted for Tier 6 Gods. Aside from a few unique Legendary Weapons and Equipment, most would need players to reach Tier 5 at minimum to equip them. If he repaired the Disintegration Armor and ended up unable to equip it, he would definitely die of regret.

Hence, he decided to upgrade the Abyssal Blade instead, to play safe. As for the Disintegration Armor, it wouldn’t be too late to find more God Crystals to repair it once he had reached Tier 5.

“It’s time to leave,” the Dragon phantom said, snapping Shi Feng out of his reverie. It then raised a claw at Shi Feng.

Immediately, divine runes appeared around Shi Feng one after another, enveloping him completely. His body then transformed into a streak of light and disappeared from the Dragon Temple.

When the divine runes surrounding Shi Feng disappeared, he found that he was back in the Summoning Tower’s Summoning Altar.