Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2868 - Sword Saint

When Shi Feng chose to replace his existing Mana Body, the Mana within the room practically vanished. His new Mana Body had drawn even the Mana stored within the deep void.

Like a hungry beast, his new Mana Body devoured the Mana around it, nourishing itself continuously.

This phenomenon lasted for more than a minute before it finally stopped, and the room’s Mana gradually recovered.

Tier 5!

So, this is the power of Tier 5?

When Shi Feng sensed the frightening power his body exuded effortlessly and the indescribable feeling of omnipotence, he finally understood why even Tier 4 World Creation experts couldn’t defeat a bona fide Tier 5 existence.

He also fully understood the strength and terror of Tier 5 existences.

Compared to when he was a Tier 4, the Mana flowing inside his Mana Body was many times denser. The volume of his Mana had also increased by more than tenfold. Now, even the world around him was having trouble holding his Mana.

If even the world of God’s Domain itself could not withstand the Mana of a Tier 5 existence, there was no need to mention the small world created by a Tier 4 World Creation expert.

Moreover, this wasn’t the only factor that made Tier 5 existences powerful.

System: Congratulations! You have become a Tier 5 Blade Saint (Sword Saint). All Basic Attributes +5,000, all Resistances +500, Mana recovery rate increased by 300%, all physical and magical attacks received that are below Tier 5 will be weakened by 40%, all Basic Attributes increased by 150%, physique increased by 200%, and reaction speed improved by 100%. Rewarding 200 Legacy Skill Points.

He had received a flat increase of only 2,000 points to all Basic Attributes when he got promoted to Tier 4 yet received a 5,000-point boost for reaching Tier 5. None of his weapons and equipment could provide such a significant amount of Basic Attributes, not to mention the massive boost to his physique.

Right now, even if he replaced all his equipment with Bronze Equipment, he could still beat up a Tier 4 expert fully geared in Epic Equipment. In terms of Basic Attributes, he could match a Tier 4 expert with several pieces of Fragmented Legendary Equipment.

Only a Legendary Weapon could offset this difference. As for Legendary Equipment, the Basic Attributes provided would still be slightly insufficient to fill the gap.

Of course, Basic Attributes didn’t represent everything. If a Tier 4 expert’s combat standards surpassed a Tier 5 expert’s, the Tier 4 expert could still emerge victorious in a fight.

With this power, I will have no problem fighting even Tier 5 NPCs. After seeing his Basic Attributes, Shi Feng felt more confident about Zero Wing’s future development.

His Strength and Agility Attributes both exceeded the 60,000 mark already. Typically, a Tier 4 Berserker fully geared in Epic items would have only around 15,000 Strength at Level 150. And even if the Berserker possessed a top-tier Fragmented Legendary Weapon, the Berserker would only have about 22,000 or 23,000 Strength. As for NPCs, according to the research of players in his previous life, a Level 180, Tier 5 NPC would have around 70,000 or 80,000 points in their main Basic Attributes.

While Shi Feng was still inferior to Tier 5 NPCs in Basic Attributes, this difference wasn’t impossible to overcome. Moreover, now that he had reached Tier 5, every level-up he achieved would significantly boost his Basic Attributes. With his current equipment, he could easily breach the 80,000 mark once he reached Level 180.

Not to mention, his combat standards were much superior to the average Tier 5 NPC’s. Overall, he was already more than capable of contending with Level 180, Tier 5 NPCs.

Of course, while he might have the ability to fight Tier 5 NPCs, he wasn’t so arrogant as to provoke Tier 5 NPCs.

After all, he currently could cope with the most common Tier 5 NPCs, but if a Tier 5 NPC possessed even a single piece of Legendary Equipment, he would have to avoid them like the plague. It seems I’ll have to get Fire and the others to search for some God Crystals.

In an era where Gods had secluded themselves from the world, Tier 5 existences were indeed the apex combatants of God’s Domain. However, there were still significant differences even among Tier 5s; the possession of Legendary Weapons and Equipment played a vital role in this difference.

Only after obtaining a Legendary Weapon or Equipment could a Tier 5 expert enter the leading echelon of Tier 5 existences and walk around God’s Domain without fear. Such a Tier 5 expert would be an invincible existence short of Tier 6 Gods.

However, if a Tier 5 expert did not own a Legendary Weapon or Equipment, they would only be second-rate among Tier 5 existences, regardless of any heaven-defying combat standards. While they might be able to contend against Tier 5 experts belonging to the leading echelon, they would never be part of it.

Indeed. The difference between having a Legendary item and not having one was precisely that massive.

In the past, every Tier 5 expert capable of transcending tiers to fight Tier 6 God-ranked experts owned a Legendary Weapon or Equipment, with some even having more than one.

If Shi Feng wanted to roam God’s Domain without fear, obtaining a Legendary Weapon or Equipment was of utmost importance. After Shi Feng familiarized himself with his Tier 5 Mana Body, he left the statue room.

However, when he stepped into the City Lord’s Mansion’s lobby, he was stupefied by the sight that greeted him. People crowded the room to capacity. Apart from the Zero Wing members maintaining order, the other players in the lobby were members of Guilds and adventurer teams. These players were lined up in front of the service counters to rent either a Shop or a private house in Zero Wing City. They had bloodshot eyes and frantic looks on their faces as they waited in line.

ere il

le

If not for the 200 Tier 3 NPCs, three Tier 4 NPCs, and many Tier 3 members of Zero Wing maintaining order, a fight would’ve long since broken out in the lobby.

Didn’t I tell Liang Jing to raise the rentals for the Shops? Did she make a mistake? Shi Feng found this scene very puzzling. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Anyone who wasn’t a fool could tell how popular Zero Wing City currently was. However, Zero Wing City had limited Land. Even if it was now a Main City, it still didn’t have enough Land to satisfy the eastern continent’s entire player population. Hence, to maximize Zero Wing’s profits, raising rentals was a must.

Shi Feng approached one of the service counters to inspect Zero Wing City’s Shops’ rental prices. However, what he saw made him gasp. How ruthless is she?!

Even a small Shop located in Zero Wing City’s outer area had a rental of 3,000 Magic Crystals and 600 Gold per week-more than double the price Shi Feng intended.

The amount of Magic Crystals Liang Jing charged was particularly maddening. Ever since the Outerworld players invaded the eastern continent, Magic Crystal production had plummeted, and the various native powers had suffered immensely.

In Shi Feng’s opinion, renting a small Shop in the city’s outskirts for 1,000 Magic Crystals would already be pushing the envelope.

Liang Jing’s price of 3,000 Magic Crystals was no different from daylight robbery.

As for the Shops located on Zero Wing City’s main street, the minimum price was 20,000 Magic Crystals. One couldn’t even use Coins to offset part of the rent. Moreover, one had to bid for these Shops in an auction.

Despite these cut-throat prices, players still filled the City Lord’s Mansion’s lobby. Shi Feng found this situation utterly unbelievable.

For a moment, he even wondered if Magic Crystals had suddenly depreciated during his seclusion.

Just when Shi Feng thought of contacting Liang Jing to ask her about Zero Wing City’s situation, he suddenly received a call.

The caller was none other than Liang Jing.

“Guild Leader, can I interrupt you for a moment?” Liang Jing asked anxiously. “Did something happen to Zero Wing City?” Shi Feng asked strangely. “No, it’s just that the Secret Pavilion’s people came to visit. Aside from them, three of the Five Great Super Guilds have sent representatives to us. There are a lot of them, and some of them don’t seem to be here with kind intentions,” Liang Jing said nervously. “They are waiting in the Residence’s reception room right now, and they say they must meet with you, no matter what.”

The Secret Pavilion was a transcendental power, while the Five Great Super Guilds were godlike existences in the virtual gaming world. If news that three of the Five Great Super Guilds had arrived were to spread, it would cause a sensation.

“Alright, I got it. I’ll head over now. Have them wait for a moment.”

Shi Feng chuckled when he heard Liang Jing’s words, not at all surprised by this situation. After all, the current Zero Wing City was no ordinary city. What would be strange would be these titans of the gaming world not showing any reaction.

He immediately left the City Lord’s Mansion and made his way to Zero Wing’s Residence.