Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2879 – Colossal Wealth

System: Congratulations! You have obtained Ancient Rock City’s City Lord’s Token. Do you wish to bind the token? Once bound, you will become Ancient Rock City’s ruler and obtain full authority over the city.

Shi Feng chose to bind the token without hesitation.

System: Binding in progress. You will have full authority over Ancient Rock City after four hours. You should not move beyond 1,000 yards from the city during these four hours. If you leave this area or get killed during this time, the binding process will be canceled, and you may not make another binding attempt for one natural day.

ces

Four hours? Shi Feng was a little surprised by the notification. Has it reached the Main City standard already?

When one tried to bind the City Lord’s Token of a Guild City, the binding time would depend on the city’s rank. Main City-level Guild Cities normally took four to six hours to bind.

“Guild Leader, did something happen?” Fire Dance asked when she saw Shi Feng’s strange expression.

“It’s nothing. I just didn’t expect Ancient Rock City to be this special,” Shi Feng said, glancing at the raging Beast Emperor. Smiling, he continued, “Since we have to wait for four hours, let’s pay that Evil God’s Secret Land a visit.”

“Black Flame, don’t get too delighted just yet! It’s useless even if you’ve obtained Ancient Rock City! That secret land isn’t a place you can touch! Without my means of entering, you can’t obtain anything inside that secret land!” Beast Emperor sneered. “I’ll spread the secret land’s entry methods to all your enemies and even those Outerworld people! At that time, you can only watch as they take all of the secret land’s treasures right before your eyes!”

Zero Wing could indeed better defend itself after acquiring Ancient Rock City. However, Beast Emperor also knew very well that the Outerworld forces had already deemed Zero Wing an eyesore.

Once the Outerworld’s army arrived, neither Star-Moon Kingdom nor the Orc Empire would survive. At that time, the Outerworld forces would snatch the Evil God’s Secret Land from Shi Feng, and Shi Feng would be helpless to resist them.

However, Shi Feng ignored Beast Emperor and led Zero Wing’s members to Saint’s Hand’s Residence.

Although Ancient Rock City was now in ruins and Saint’s Hand’s Residence had been leveled, the Guild Warehouse was situated on the first underground floor, so Saint’s Hand’s Guild Warehouse remained intact.

After Shi Feng’s group took care of the one Tier 4 NPC and several Tier 3 NPCs guarding the Warehouse, they gained full access to it.

Everyone from Zero Wing salivated when they stepped into Saint’s Hand’s Guild Warehouse.

The Warehouse, which was the size of two sports stadiums, was packed with all sorts of items. Gold Coins covered the floor, and Magic Crystals formed numerous mounds. At a glance, they estimated it held at least three million Gold Coins and four million Magic Crystals. This stockpile of Magic Crystals was only slightly inferior to Zero Wing’s. “We’re rich! Guild Leader, we’re rich!” Fire Dance exclaimed in excitement as she looked around the Warehouse. “With all these Coins and Magic Crystals, we won’t have to worry about upgrading the buildings of our cities anymore!”

Zero Wing City’s public opening had indeed generated a lot of additional income. Unfortunately, the Guild’s expenditure still exceeded that amount.

This was because Zero Wing City’s public opening necessitated an increase in the city’s security. The city had to recruit many NPC soldiers to fill as many of the 30,000 slots as possible.

While Zero Wing could skim on the benefits provided to the hired soldiers by virtue of Zero Wing City being a Main City, the cost of employing Level 150-plus, Tier 3 NPCs was still high. With everything taken into account, maintaining a Tier 3 NPC cost five Gold Coins.

If Zero Wing City filled all 30,000 of its soldier slots with Tier 3 NPCs, the NPC soldiers’ daily upkeep alone would total 150,000 Gold! Moreover, this still did not include the NPCs’ weapons and equipment or the maintenance cost for the Tier 4 NPCs hired.

Simply put, Zero Wing’s daily expenditure had skyrocketed after Zero Wing City’s public opening. At this time, the Guild’s stockpile of Coins was close to empty. Fortunately, thanks to Saint’s Hand’s contribution, Zero Wing’s Warehouse would soon be rich again.

Seeing Fire Dance’s joy, Shi Feng chose to hide the fact that Ancient Rock City’s reconstruction would probably eat up all of this money. Zero Wing might even need to provide additional funds.

“Guild Leader, come here quick! There are Seven Luminaries Crystals here!” Blackie said after opening a chest as tall as he was. With glittering eyes, he continued, “There are at least 50,000 units here! That’s even more than what we have!”

Before Shi Feng left for the western continent, he had tasked Blackie with acquiring as many Seven Luminaries Crystals as possible. Hence, Blackie placed particular importance on the crystals. However, Zero Wing’s Warehouse currently had only around 30,000 units of Seven Luminaries Crystal despite his efforts. And if it weren’t for Zero Wing having a monopoly over the Arctic Canyon, this amount would be even lower.

Yet, Saint’s Hand’s Warehouse had more than 50,000 units of Seven Luminaries Crystal.

“That’s nothing! Blackie, come over to my spot! I’ll let you know what real wealth is!” shouted Cola, who stood in another corner of the Warehouse, as he pointed at the several hill-sized chests beside him. “All of these chests here are full of Epic materials or above! From what I can tell, there are at least 300,000 Epic materials, 20,000 Inferior Legendary materials, and 3,000 Legendary materials!”

Everyone, including Shi Feng, was stunned when they heard Cola’s words.

This was on the level of a kingdom’s treasury!

Ordinary kingdoms might not even reach this standard. Only high-ranking kingdoms would have so many rare materials.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, upon hearing Cola’s words, Beast Emperor, who had been dragged along to the Warehouse, turned livid, his eyes becoming bloodshot.

He had accumulated these materials by ransacking multiple kingdoms with the Faux Saint army and destroying numerous NPC cities. Yet, all his efforts had ended up benefiting Zero Wing.

Afterward, Shi Feng tasked Blackie with sweeping through the Warehouse and transporting everything back to the Guild Warehouse in Zero Wing City. He then brought Fire Dance and the others to a secret room on the second underground floor.

The secret room was only the size of a basketball court, with a pitch-black door in the middle of it. Upon entering the room, Fire Dance and the others felt an incomparably powerful pressure enveloping their bodies.

Fire Dance had unlocked her Mana Body beyond the 110% Completion Rate already, yet even she had difficulty walking inside the secret room. After three steps, the pressure was so strong that she couldn’t move her body. If an ordinary Tier 4 player were to enter this room, they would most likely crumple to the floor, unable to advance even a single step.

“Hahaha! I already said that you people would never be able to touch the Evil God’s Secret Land!” Beast Emperor laughed when he saw Fire Dance and the others immobilized. He then looked at Shi Feng and taunted, “Black Flame, it’s the same even if you’re Tier 5! Without my special method, none of you should think of entering!”

Beast Emperor had reached the peak of Tier 4 already. He also had the benefit of being an Evil God worshipper. Nevertheless, he still struggled to enter the Evil God’s Secret Land. This was why Beast Emperor was confident that Shi Feng would be helpless against the Evil God’s Secret Land even though he had discovered its existence. “Is that so?”

Shi Feng stepped into the secret room after glancing at the laughing Beast Emperor.