Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 289 - Silver-eyed Lion King

The Blue-eyed Spider lived in darkness all year round. Hence, its eyes, which were accustomed to the dark, could not adapt at all when the dazzling flame suddenly illuminated the entire cave. The Blue-eyed Spider was just like a frightened little rabbit.

Suddenly, the Blue-eyed Spider, which had previously had the upper hand, was placed in an unfavorable situation. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

On the other hand, Shi Feng, who had summoned the Ice-Blue Devil Flame, could now deal 20% more damage and his fire- and ice-type attacks would also have an additional 40% damage, instantly breaking out of his disadvantageous position.

While the Blue-eyed Spider was still incapacitated, Shi Feng used Silent Steps and arrived over 20 yards behind the eight-legged monster. With the power of thunder and flames coating its length, the Abyssal Blade smashed into the Blue-eyed Spider’s body.

-1,836

A frightening amount of damage appeared above the Blue-eyed Spider’s charred head. The attack had also placed it in a Fainted state for four seconds.

Shi Feng then followed up the attack with a Thundering Flash and a normal attack.

-634, -1,751, -1,087, -1,169...

After suffering this series of attacks, the Blue-eyed Spider finally broke out of its stupor. However, it only had 72% of its HP remaining now.

The Blue-eyed Spider was furious. Rotating its body, it spat a stream of dark-green venom at Shi Feng. Having long since anticipated such an attack, Shi Feng swiftly dodged to the side, avoiding the attack completely. He then activated Windwalk and escaped.

Shi Feng knew full well how frightening the Blue-eyed Spider could be. Its venom attack just now was merely the tip of the iceberg. The deadliest feature of the monster was the poisonous gas emitted by its venom. If he stood his ground to fight the Blue-eyed Spider, the end result would be obvious—he would inevitably die of poisoning.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng’s purpose in using Thundering Flash on the Blue-eyed Spider was simply to inflict the Damage Amplification effect on the monster. He would then kite it using the Blazing Meteor.

Shortly after, one by one, fiery red needles streaked through the air and pierced the Blue-eyed Spider’s body. Although the Blue-eyed Spider was very skilled at dodging and blocking attacks, Shi Feng still managed to land two out of every three hits thanks to Precision Throw, the Special Skill he obtained back at the Steel Fortress Barrutia. Moreover, his attacks would occasionally trigger the Quadruple Phantom effect of the Blazing Meteor, instantly causing four -600 damages to appear above the Blue-eyed Spider. When his luck was good, he would also trigger the Burning Flames effect. When the effect stacked up to five times, combined with the amplification effects of the Ice-Blue Devil Flame, the debuff caused -1,600 damage every second to the Blue-eyed Spider. The damage of this debuff was even higher than Shi Feng’s melee damage.

However, such an occurrence was only natural. Although Magic Weapons were amazing, before they were fully released, they would still be far from comparable to a Pseudo-extraordinary item.

Meanwhile, aside from Venom Attack, the only other ranged attack the Blue-eyed Spider possessed was Silk Bind.

However, these two skills were simply superfluous when used against Shi Feng. Shi Feng simply made an effortless sidestep to dodge these attacks, and with a flick of his wrist, he would send yet another needle into the Blue-eyed Spider.

Following which, the Blue-eyed Spider’s HP bar constantly decreased.

62%... 45%... 33%... 20%...

Within a few moments, the Blue-eyed Spider died at Shi Feng’s hands as well.

System: Blue-eyed Spider defeated. Third trial completed. Rewarding 1,000,000 EXP and 10 Free Mastery Points. Proficiency of all Skills increased by 100 points.

System: Third trial cleared. Do you wish to start the next trial?

A million EXP just for clearing the 3rd trial? The system sure is generous. The difficulty for the first three trials isn’t that high, though. It seems that the truly difficult part would start from the 4th trial onwards. I should take a rest and get my mental state back to peak condition for now. Despite having effortlessly cleared the first three trials, Shi Feng did not believe, even for a second, that a Legendary ranked Main Storyline Quest could be so easily completed.

Although Shi Feng did not possess a good understanding of the Twelve Trials, it was still established as one part of a Legendary Quest; its difficulty would definitely be high.

The passing requirement was for Shi Feng to clear up to the 6th trial. Yet, the difficulty of the first three trials was not particularly high. According to combat power, the monsters Shi Feng had faced were only at the basic level of a Tier 1 monster. Hence, the truly difficult part was definitely the 4th to 6th trials.

Shi Feng had always been a careful person. Hence, he intended to make ample preparations.

---

Inside the Eternal Throne, the many apex powerhouses there had been slightly surprised by Shi Feng’s battle.

“That was a Tier 2 Mysterious Flame, the Ice-Blue Devil Flame. It seems that the kid is still hiding his strength.”

“It seems he really does have a chance at clearing the 6th trial. Based on his current strength, from the 4th trial onwards, he should be facing intermediate level Tier 1 primordial beasts. In terms of combat power, the kid is already at the intermediate level of Tier 1. Since the primordial beast that would appear in the 6th trial will be at the peak of intermediate Tier 1, he should have a 30% chance of defeating it with his current combat power.”

The big shots sitting in the silver thrones unanimously acknowledged Shi Feng’s potential.

---

After resting for more than ten minutes, Shi Feng discovered an interesting matter. Although he could not use any potions or Magic Scrolls, he could still eat food made from Cooking to boost his Attributes.

“It was a good choice to let Violet Cloud continue pursuing the Chef subclass.” Shi Feng smiled.

After Zero Wing’s Workshop was established, Shi Feng had given Violet Cloud a very high salary. The salary was much higher than what Violet Cloud earned from selling her cooking products; there was no need for her to continue on the path of a Chef.

However, Violet Cloud had chosen to continue cooking, giving the reason that it had already become a habit of sorts. Moreover, Violet Cloud herself loved cooking, and currently, she was already an Advanced Chef; she was not far away from being promoted to a Master Chef.

Now, not only could the Delicious Steaks she cooked increase the consumer’s HP regeneration rate while in a non-combat state, it could also provide an additional buff that increased the consumer’s Strength by 10% for 10 minutes.

To others, a 10% increase in the Strength Attribute might not amount to much. However, to Shi Feng, who currently had 180 points in Strength, that would mean an additional 18 points in Strength, which was also equivalent to an additional 36 points in Attack Power. Overall, the effect of the Delicious Steak provided Shi Feng with a significant increase in combat power.

After Shi Feng was rested, he clicked “Yes” to start the 4th trial.

Soon after, Shi Feng was teleported to a grassy plain. Taking a look at his surroundings, Shi Feng quickly discovered a lion with a golden mane lazily sprawled across a large boulder, its stout tail swishing around in a leisurely manner.

However, Shi Feng’s arrival had obviously alerted it.

When this golden-maned lion stood up, its height exceeded five meters. A chill flashed in the lion’s silver eyes as it raised its eyelids. In the next moment, the lush, green grass beneath its paws was frozen solid.

The grassy plains had also been instantly transformed into an icy hell, the green landscape turning snow-white.

[Silver-eyed Lion King] (Special Elite)

Level 20

HP 100,000/100,000

The difficulty of the 4th trial was clearly much greater than the 3rd trial.

“Amazing. As expected of the primordial beast of the 4th trial. It is actually capable of affecting its surroundings, transforming its environment into the ideal territory for it to fight in.” Shi Feng couldn’t help but be shocked.

Even with his ten years of experience playing God’s Domain, Shi Feng had very rarely encountered such a monster.

However, the icy hell had minimal effect on Shi Feng. After activating the Ice-Blue Devil Flame, the icy hell instantly returned to its original state. Just like that, the Silver-eyed Lion’s environmental advantage was easily vanquished by Shi Feng.

Although the Silver-eyed Lion had lost its advantage, its innate Strength and destructive power was still high. With a swipe of its paws, a large pit was formed in the grassland and gravel flew all over the place. Before Shi Feng could get a good grasp of the situation, he was hit by the shockwave ensuing from the impact of its claws and instantly lost 621 HP.

What terrifying Strength. Just the shockwave of its attack could already deal over -600 damage to me. If I received a direct hit from its claws, the damage will definitely be in the thousands. Although Shi Feng had been caught off guard by the Silver-eyed Lion, he did not freeze in place. Immediately, he activated Windwalk and escaped.

If he fought a direct battle against the Silver-eyed Lion, there was no question that he would die.

Although Shi Feng could avoid the Silver-eyed Lion’s claws in a head-on confrontation, if its claws battered the ground just like before, the resulting shockwave would propagate over at least an 8-yard radius. Shi Feng would have no way of dodging the shockwave at all. Also, Shi Feng only had a little more than 2,400 HP in total; he would last only a few hits at best.