Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chapter 2891 – Upgrade to Legendary

The moment Shi Feng chose to have the Light of Two Worlds absorb the Scorching Eye, the latter transformed into a bundle of flames and merged with the Fragmented Legendary Weapon.

The crimson flames made the sword spontaneously ignite, and the cracked divine runes engraved on it began mending. Several seconds later, crimson divine runes lit up all over the sword, followed by a significant increase in the Light of Two Worlds’s aura.

What a powerful aura!

Shi Feng was astonished as he looked at the weapon in his hand.

The aura the Light of Two Worlds now exuded was more than enough to deter ordinary Tier 4 players from approaching it. A Tier 4 player would need to break through the 100% threshold of their Mana Body to withstand the devastating power overflowing from the sword.

However, compared to the Light of Two Worlds’s external changes, the changes to its statistics were much more remarkable.

The upgrade had boosted the Basic Attributes that the weapon provided by 15%. With the weapon, Shi Feng’s Strength finally exceeded the 70,000 threshold. Now, he was only slightly inferior to Level 150, Tier 5 Legendary monsters in the Strength Attribute.

In addition, the Light of Two Worlds’s three Additional Skills had been upgraded to Tier 5. World Breaker, in particular, could now increase an attack’s power up to the Tier 6 Basic rank. The Skill’s Cooldown had also decreased from one hour to just half an hour.

After Shi Feng got over his joy of upgrading the Light of Two Worlds, he shifted his attention to his Nightwalker’s Cape.

Now that I’ve upgraded the Light of Two Worlds, there’s no hurry to improve my weapons anymore. However, as a Tier 5, the Lifesaving Skills I have are far too few. I wonder how much the Nightwalker’s Cape will improve if I upgrade it?

Shi Feng took out three more God Crystals from his bag as he looked at the Nightwalker’s Cape, completing the seven God Crystals required to repair the Fragmented Legendary Equipment. Initially, he had planned to upgrade the Abyssal Blade to Tier 5 once he had saved up enough God Crystals, so he never bothered using the seven leftover God Crystals from the Dragon Trial. However, now that he had upgraded the Light of Two Worlds, he wasn’t in as much of a rush to upgrade the Abyssal Blade. This meant there was no need for him to reserve those remaining God Crystals. Instead, he could use them to raise his survivability. After all, Tier 5 players might be powerful, but they weren’t invincible. It might be fine if he died in a Dungeon, but if he died in the outside world, he would suffer immense losses.

After players reached Tier 5, they wouldn’t just lose a level when they died. Their Mana Bodies would also suffer damage, and a full recovery would take at least three or four days. Either that or players could spend Seven Luminaries Crystals to speed up the recovery process. Because of this significant death penalty, all players would try to raise their survivability as much as possible after reaching Tier 5.

System: Sufficient God Crystals detected. Do you wish to let the Nightwalker’s Cape absorb them?

“Absorb!”

Shi Feng agreed to the prompt without hesitation.

The seven God Crystals in Shi Feng’s hands gradually disintegrated into seven streams of light that lingered around the Nightwalker’s Cape, then merged with the cape’s tattered divine runes, repairing them.

When the seven God Crystals were gone, the Nightwalker’s Cape’s divine runes suddenly lit up. A layer of black fog then appeared around the ordinary-looking cape, reducing Shi Feng’s presence significantly and preventing others from inspecting his information. Now, Shi Feng could even erase his presence completely if he wanted to.

Apart from the cape’s hidden effects, its statistics had also undergone earth-shattering changes.

(Nightwalker’s Cape] (Legendary Rank, Cape)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 8,000, Agility, 5,000 When equipped:

All Resistances increased by 300%;

All damage received reduced by 60%; Strength increased by 150%; Agility increased by 120%; Endurance increased by 120%;

Ignore Levels +80;

Movement Speed increased by 100%; Attack Speed increased by 100%;

Reaction speed increased by 100%.

Additional Passive Skill 1

Nightwalker: When the cape is equipped, no information about the player can be examined. Physique improved by 60%.

Additional Passive Skill 2

Divine Speed: Player’s starting Movement Speed increased to 100% of player’s maximum Movement Speed.

Additional Passive Skill 3

Void Walk: Players can freely enter the void and traverse it. Void Walk significantly weakens the oppression exerted by the void.

Additional Active Skill 1

Divine Steps: Summons 36 doppelgangers before a maximum of 36 targets for five seconds. Doppelgangers do not possess any attack capabilities and are invulnerable to attacks. Player can switch positions with any doppelganger freely. Maximum cast range of 2,000 yards.

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Active Skill 2

Void Shield: Forms a shield with an HP ten times the player’s maximum HP for ten minutes. As long as the shield exists, the player’s HP recovery speed increased by 500% and Movement Speed increased by 300%. Damage from Tier 5 sources or below is reduced by 90%, and damage from Tier 6 sources is reduced by 60%.

Cooldown: 15 minutes

The Blacksmith God Bayer crafted this cape for the Tyrant of Destruction. It possesses the power to traverse the void.

...

No wonder they say Legendary Weapons and Equipment grant players the power to transcend tiers! This Nightwalker’s Cape is simply preposterous!

Shi Feng was thunderstruck when he read the Nightwalker’s Cape’s information displayed before him.

Although the Nightwalker’s Cape still couldn’t let Tier 5 players stand toe-to-toe with Tier 6 players, it at least provided Tier 5 players with a certain degree of survivability against Tier 6 players. The Skill Void Walk was especially excellent for escapes. If Shi Feng escaped into the void, even a Tier 6 player would have difficulty searching for him. After all, even Tier 6 players would be subject to a powerful oppression when traversing the void.

If a Tier 4 player were to equip the Nightwalker’s Cape, their strength would approach that of Tier 5 players. Unless a Tier 5 player could counter the Nightwalker’s Cape’s abilities, or the Tier 4 player in question did something stupid, it would be impossible for a Tier 5 player to kill a Tier 4 player equipped with the Nightwalker’s Cape. Meanwhile, after upgrading the Nightwalker’s Cape, Shi Feng’s Strength Attribute skyrocketed once more, hitting the 90,000 mark. Now, he had 10,000 more Strength than the average Level 180, Tier 5 NPC. In terms of Basic Attributes, he already stood at the peak of Tier 5 existences, inferior only to Tier 5 NPCs wielding Legendary Weapons.

I thought I would have to wait a little longer before I could challenge the Evil God’s Secret Land, but now it seems that won’t be necessary. Fighting spirit flared in Shi Feng’s eyes as he thought about the God Mode Secret Land.

An ordinary Tier 5 player would not have the ability to challenge the Evil God’s Secret Land. However, with the Nightwalker’s Cape, combined with his above-average Basic Attributes, he was more than qualified to enter the God Mode Secret Land. Moreover, he had to raid the secret land, no matter what. After all, the wealth it contained surpassed the treasuries of several kingdoms combined.

But I’ll need to make preparations first before challenging it.

Other people in God’s Domain might be ignorant of the situation inside God Mode Secret Lands, but not Shi Feng. Although he had never entered a God Mode Secret Land in his previous life, he had heard many stories of Tier 5 players rashly entering a God Mode Secret Land and meeting an untimely death.

A God Mode Secret Land had an excellent environment rivaling that of ancient times, and the concomitant dangers of ancient times. The poison fogs and extreme weather found inside God Mode Secret Lands were more than enough to claim a Tier 5 player’s life.

Hence, before entering a God Mode Secret Land, the various superpowers would always gather many Master and Grandmaster Alchemists to craft Magic Resistance Potions and potions that strengthened the user’s physique. These potions were essential for Tier 4 players seeking to enter the secret land. Without these potions, they could die at any given moment.

After thinking up to this point, Shi Feng contacted Melancholic Smile and had her prepare the necessary potions, particularly Grandmaster Potions. The more Grandmaster Potions they had, the better. Acquiring Grandmaster Potions wasn’t difficult for Zero Wing now, as Silent Wonder had recently become a Grandmaster Alchemist.

Time passed quickly. Two days after Zero Wing began preparing to raid the Evil God’s Secret Land, shock and fear suddenly swept the eastern continent’s various forces.

Just a while ago, the eastern continent’s various forces received news that a large number of players had emerged from the World Passage. Their numbers were unprecedented, with many Tier 4 players among them.

According to the reports of scouts and insider information from Outerworld players, more than 20 superpowers had entered God’s Domain from the Outerworld. The Outerworld’s NPC conquest army had also finished gathering its forces, and this army consisted of NPCs from over 30 kingdoms and six empires. One could say that the Outerworld’s NPC forces were adamant in conquering the eastern continent this time.

This conquest army had already gathered on the other end of the World Passage and was steadily making its way to the eastern continent.

The advent of the second War of Worlds was here.

In response, the eastern continent’s native forces began frantically raising their defenses, recruiting experts, and increasing their levels. They also banded together, forming a coalition to defend against the Outerworld forces.

At this time, though, an equally jaw-dropping incident took place in God’s Domain.

Mythology’s First Vice Guild Leader, Cold Shadow, left Mythology and joined Zero Wing with a large number of experts and resources, becoming one of Zero Wing’s Vice Guild Leaders!