Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2900 – Legendary Weapon

Even after the purple fumes in the secret room disappeared, Shi Feng remained seated, unmoving like a statue. Only after more than a dozen minutes had gone by did he slowly open his eyes and take a deep breath.

How close! Shi Feng celebrated inwardly as he looked at the Ancient God’s Eye. Had my Concentration not reached the Tier 5 Intermediate standard already, I would’ve most likely failed to absorb 100% of the Legacy Guidance.

The Ancient God’s Eye conveyed a massive amount of information. If his soul hadn’t recovered to peak condition, he wouldn’t have been able to accept all of the information.

Meanwhile, if he missed out on even a small portion of the Legacy, he would’ve failed and obtained nothing at all.

But this is a surprise. I never thought that the key factor in getting promoted to Tier 6 would be Seven Luminaries Crystals. Shi Feng sighed as he recalled the information he received.

Seven Luminaries Crystals had always been a rare resource in God’s Domain, and this was true even in the ancient era.

Although Shi Feng had long since known that all organizations with Tier 6 God-ranked experts would frenziedly collect Seven Luminaries Crystals, he had thought that they had done so mainly to exchange for the Green God Company’s products and construct their personal virtual space in God’s Domain. He never imagined Seven Luminaries Crystals had such a use as well.

Now, Shi Feng slightly regretted selling his Seven Luminaries Crystals.

According to the Ancient God’s Legacy, apart from having Tier 6 Concentration and an excellent grasp of the world’s laws, players seeking to get promoted to Tier 6 also needed an enormous amount of Seven Luminaries Crystals to construct a Divine Body.

Each attempt at creating a Divine Body required at least 50,000 Seven Luminaries Crystals!

Moreover, this was only for the most common Divine Body.

According to the Ancient God’s Legacy, Divine Bodies had two categories: ordinary Divine Bodies and Superior Divine Bodies.

Ordinary Divine Bodies were the most common in God’s Domain. Over 99% of Gods and God-ranked players had an ordinary Divine Body.

Superior Divine Bodies, on the other hand, were much rarer. The Divine Bodies of the three Goddesses rumored to have saved God’s Domain, as well as those of the War God, the God Slayer, and many Ancient Gods, were at this level. Superior Divine Bodies were that rare because their creation required an individual to have ultimate mastery over a certain World Law.

This was also why individuals titled Saints possessed the strength to contend against Gods. Saints were mortals who had achieved ultimate mastery over a certain World Law but did not become Gods.

In addition to this requirement, constructing a Superior Divine Body cost 100,000 Seven Luminaries Crystals. And worse, players would lose all of the invested crystals if they failed even once.

In contrast, the construction of an ordinary Divine Body occurred in stages. Even if players failed, they would lose only the crystals they invested in that particular stage. This gradual method also allowed them to know where they went wrong.

However, that wasn’t the case for the construction of a Superior Divine Body, which was an all-or-nothing attempt. Players were required to spend all 100,000 Seven Luminaries Crystals in one fell swoop to construct their Divine Bodies. If they succeeded, then good. If not, then all of the Seven Luminaries Crystals they invested would disappear.

Currently, though, Shi Feng couldn’t afford even the construction of an ordinary Divine Body.

For current player forces, Seven Luminaries Crystals are merely a commodity for the construction of personal virtual spaces or the acquisition of resources from the Green God Company. It shouldn’t be difficult to obtain a large amount right now. Shi Feng fell into deep thought as he recalled the information from the Ancient God’s Legacy. Constructing an ordinary Divine Body shouldn’t be a tough challenge, but a Superior Divine Body is still far out of my reach. Achieving ultimate mastery in one World Law is already extremely difficult. Not to mention, I also need to create the Divine Body itself.

From the information he inherited, Shi Feng already knew what a World Law was.

The so-called World Law was basically a type of advanced usage over the various Mana elements. An example would be the Heavenly Blue Saint’s Mana Technique Holy Annihilation.

However, only after one could manipulate the various elements of Mana at an advanced standard would one master a World Law. Simply being able to execute Holy Annihilation didn’t cut it.

Currently, apart from his inadequate Concentration standard, so long as Shi Feng collected enough Seven Luminaries Crystals, he could already get promoted to Tier 6.

The Heavenly Blue Saint’s World Law was the Law of Destruction—which covered the destruction of everything, even the most basic elements of Mana. This was why Shi Feng managed to break through the mysterious youth’s Space-time Seal and World Severance with Holy Annihilation. Had Holy Annihilation been based on any other World Law, he wouldn’t have escaped the Evil God’s Secret Land with his life.

The bottleneck many Demigods faced after mastering a World Law was in the creation process of a Superior Divine Body. This was because there were many methods to create a Superior Divine Body, with the core principle being the integration of the mastered World Law into their Divine Body.

Of course, while this problem was incredibly challenging for others, the difficulty for Shi Feng had been reduced significantly.

The Ancient God’s Legacy he absorbed recorded a basic flowchart for creating a Superior Divine Body. So long as he followed this flowchart, his success rate would increase by 30 to 40 percent.

One could say that the most important information recorded in the Ancient God’s Legacy was this flowchart. Roughly 90% of the recorded information was related to it. In fact, 90% out of this 90% was the Superior Divine Body’s flowchart itself.

This was also the amazing aspect of the Ancient God’s Legacy. It was completely different from an ordinary God’s Legacy.

While I currently don’t have any methods to improve my Concentration, I can focus on achieving ultimate mastery over the Law of Destruction.

Although Shi Feng wasn’t yet confident of creating a Superior Divine Body, he was optimistic about his chances of gaining ultimate mastery in a World Law. After all, he could already utilize Holy Annihilation. So long as he perfected his use of the technique, he should reach ultimate mastery in the Law of Destruction.

Moreover, his World Authority had already reached Level 1. He would have a much easier time perfecting the Holy Annihilation technique than other players. After Shi Feng finished processing the information from the Ancient God’s Eye, he took out the Divine Power Source he had obtained.

Shi Feng grew a little hesitant as he looked at this Divine Power Source.

According to the Ancient God’s Legacy, Divine Power Sources were birthed by the world and carried the world’s power. They were incredibly useful in helping one understand World Laws.

In other words, by merging the Divine Power Source with his body using a special technique, he could elevate his World Authority. This would, in turn, allow him to understand World Laws more easily. The Ancient God’s Legacy also recorded this integration technique.

Now that war is imminent, I should prioritize increasing my strength above all else. Gritting his teeth, Shi Feng had the Light of Two Worlds absorb the Divine Power Source.

Shi Feng still wasn’t fully confident of defending the Twin Towers Kingdom and Star-Moon Kingdom against the Outerworld forces. After all, his enemies weren’t limited to just the Outerworld’s players. He also had to face the Outerworld’s NPCs.

While the Outerworld NPCs might not have Tier 6 Gods in their ranks, they were bound to have quite a few Tier 5 NPCs. And in the case of Tier 5 NPCs, so long as their status in society was sufficiently high, acquiring a Legendary Weapon or Equipment wouldn’t be difficult. Take the Branch Temple Lord of Star-Moon Kingdom’s War God’s Temple, for example. Despite being a Tier 4, he owned two Legendary items.

Meanwhile, the difference between having and not having a Legendary Weapon or Equipment was massive for Tier 5 NPCs. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Once the Light of Two Worlds perfectly absorbed the icy-cold tree branch Shi Feng held, it released a dazzling, golden glow. The divine runes on the weapon’s blade also lit up gradually. After several minutes, the divine runes on the sword’s blade and hilt connected and became one.

Boom!

The next moment, the Light of Two Worlds released a pulse of energy that made Shi Feng stumble. The magic barrier enveloping the secret room also shuddered violently and nearly crumbled.

As expected of one of the Ten Great Legendary Weapons! It’s strong! Shi Feng was stunned when he read the Light of Two Worlds’s details displayed before him.

[Light of Two Worlds] (One-handed Sword, Legendary Rank)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 20,000, Tier 3

Attack Power (450% of Strength)

Attack Speed (4% of Agility) All Attributes (Increases according to the user’s level)

When equipped:

Attacks gain the Mana Annihilation effect, causing a spatial collapse in an area of 4*100 yards;

Attacks have a 50% chance to deal 300% damage;

Attacks have a 20% chance to deal 500% damage; Attacks deal 300% damage to targets under Tier 6;

Attacks carry the Mana Destabilization effect;

Strength increased by 240%, Agility increased by 210%, Intelligence increased by 180%, Endurance increased by 60%, Attack Speed increased by 200%;

Ignore Levels +100;

All Sword-type Skills +2 Level (up to Tier 6 Peak);

Power of all attacks increased by two ranks (up to Tier 6 Peak);

Effect of Mana increased by 150%.

Additional Passive Skill

World Power: Increases the user’s Life Rating.

Additional Active Skill 1

Spatial Slash (Tier 6): For six attacks, increases Strength by 1,500%, power by two ranks (up to Tier 6 Peak rank at maximum), and attack range to 5,000 yards.

Cooldown: 30 seconds

Additional Active Skill 2

Golden Soul (Tier 6): Upgrades the user’s soul by one rank and World Authority by one level (up to Level 3) and reduces Concentration consumption by 90%.

Duration: 2 minutes

Cooldown: 1 hour

Additional Active Skill 3

World Breaker (Tier 6): Consumes 10% of the user’s Concentration and Mana to enhance the Light of Two Worlds, granting the weapon the power to break worlds for one attack. Forcibly increases the power of attack by one tier (up to Tier 6 Peak rank at maximum).

Cooldown: 30 minutes

Created by the Ancient God of Light. The Light of Two Worlds possesses the power to cut all things.

Looking at the Basic Attributes the Light of Two Worlds provided, Shi Feng finally understood why people wielding Legendary Weapons could transcend tiers.

A Tier 3 player wielding this thing could probably beat up Tier 4 players.

While holding the Light of Two Worlds, Shi Feng inadvertently recalled the several heaven-defying feats that had taken place in his previous life. Back then, players who had been lucky enough to get their hands on Legendary Weapons while still at Tier 3 had actively hunted all sorts of Tier 4 players. While the Legendary Weapons those players wielded weren’t as strong as the Light of Two Worlds, the Basic Attributes those weapons provided had still been more than enough for Tier 3 players to trounce Tier 4 players. Only Tier 4 players with highly developed Mana Bodies and several Fragmented Legendary items could contend against a Tier 3 player wielding a Legendary Weapon.

After Shi Feng equipped the Light of Two Worlds, his Strength Attribute instantly skyrocketed to 190,000. Now, he was only slightly inferior to the average Tier 6 God-ranked player.

Now, I can put up a fight even against Tier 6 God-ranked experts. Shi Feng’s confidence rose as he looked at the weapon in his hand.

Now, even if he had to go up against the mysterious youth, he wouldn’t be completely powerless to resist.

Following this, Shi Feng began familiarizing himself with the fully recovered Light of Two Worlds. After training for five hours, he received a call from Fire Dance.

“Guild Leader, I’ve found their base camp. They’re hiding in the Shadow Forest, outside the Twin Towers Kingdom.”