Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 292 - Black Emperor

Extraordinary strength comes from an extraordinary will.

This was the only advice Faust had given Shi Feng.

After Shi Feng grasped the Abyssal Blade, which had undergone a huge change in its appearance, he could fully feel the terrifying strength contained within the sword itself. It was like the sword was alive. Shi Feng could even feel pulsations when he gripped the hilt of the Abyssal Blade. It felt as if the Black Dragon King was roaring inside the Abyssal Blade and likely to break through its seals at any given time.

“Such powerful Attributes!” When Shi Feng checked the Attributes of the Abyssal Blade, he couldn’t help but secretly marvel at them.

The Abyssal Blade was definitely the best weapon below Epic rank Shi Feng had seen.

Even the Blazing Meteor, which had been crafted by the forging genius Seliora, was not its match.

Currently, based on the Abyssal Blade’s Attributes, it would not be an exaggeration to label the sword a Pseudo-extraordinary item. Provided that he could continue upgrading it, it would reach the Epic rank standard before long.

[Abyssal Blade] (One-handed Sword, Magic Weapon)

Attack Power +302

All Attributes +30

Attack Speed +10

Ignore Levels +10

Attacks have:

40% chance to cause 200% damage.

15% chance to cause 300% damage.

20% chance to induce Doom Curse, reducing all Attributes by 40% for 30 seconds.

If wielder belongs to any Swordsman-related class, all Skill Levels +3.

Increase Free Ability Points received for every increase in Level by 2 points.

Equipment Level 20. Can be upgraded. (Devour ten Level 25 Secret-Silver Weapons and one Level 25 Fine-Gold Weapon to upgrade to Level 25).

Can be evolved (Unknown).

Additional Skill 1: Phantom Kill. Instantly creates a doppelganger. You can control this doppelganger. Doppelganger will have 70% of original body’s Attributes and all Skills. At the same time, doppelganger and the original body can be swapped.

Duration: 40 seconds

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Skill 2: Abyssal Bind. Binds enemies and prevents movement, reducing Defense by 100%.

Duration: 4 seconds

Cooldown: 1 minute

Additional Skill 3: Nine Dragons Slash. Instantly creates twelve phantoms of the Abyssal Blade for wielder to use; each phantom sword is capable of dealing up to 40% damage.

Duration: 30 seconds Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Cooldown: 5 minutes

Additional Skill 4: Dark Violent Dance. 50% of the total damage dealt to the target spreads in a cone-shaped area towards targets within a distance of 12 yards.

Duration: 30 seconds

Cooldown: 1 minute

Additional Profound Inheritance: Black Emperor. When activated, every critical hit will accumulate one layer of Death Aura. Each layer of death aura can be used to increase all Attributes of wielder by 2% and Attack Speed and Movement Speed by 1% for 10 seconds, or be used to reduce the Cooldown of a skill by 3 seconds. Maximum of 30 layers of Death Aura.

Duration: 10 minutes

Cooldown: 18 hours

The Abyssal Blade was personally created by master smith Olysses using the Black Dragon King’s fangs as material. It is one of thirty-six famed swords, and it is ranked 31st. However, this sword has been cursed by the Black Dragon King. Aside from providing the wielder with immense strength, there will be a Backlash every period of time. However, after being remodeled by Jack using a Star Crystal, the strength of the Backlash has been greatly reduced. If the wielder is unable to suppress the Backlash, the wielder will receive the curse of the Black Dragon King, permanently reducing all Attributes by 50%.

Unable to be dropped.

Unable to be traded.

“As expected of a Magic Weapon. It really doesn’t disappoint. Even Epic Weapons rarely have Profound Inheritances attached to them. Now, before even reaching the standard of an Epic weapon, it already possesses a Profound Inheritance.”

Shi Feng breathed a sigh of relief after carefully reading through the introduction of the Black Emperor. With it, he should not have any problems facing the 6th trial.

Profound Inheritances were rarely seen during the early stages of God’s Domain. They only started becoming widely known during the middle stages of the game.

Inheritances and Skills were different. In God’s Domain, the skills provided to each class were made to accommodate the masses of players, so there was no sense of individuality to them. To put it another way, instead of skills being made to cater to the individual player, players were required to adapt themselves to premade skills, regardless of the suitability of said skills. Meanwhile, Inheritances could be used by players to create their own unique method of attacking, allowing more freedom in their fighting styles. It could also further increase a player’s combat power.

The most basic of Inheritances in God’s Domain would enhance a player’s Skills, such as increasing the skill’s damage or altering the effects of said skill to allow a more flexible fighting style.

As for the more advanced Inheritances, not only would they alter a player’s Skills, they could also increase a player’s Attributes. Meanwhile, the Black Emperor Inheritance clearly belonged to this category.

If others were to see the Attributes on the Abyssal Blade, their jaws would definitely fall to the ground in shock. Some would even harbor thoughts of owning it for themselves.

An organization like Underworld, which had been continuously gathering all kinds of powerful items, would definitely not hesitate to use unscrupulous means to take possession of the Abyssal Blade.

In today’s society, virtual gaming had already become one of the world’s main forms of entertainment.

The emergence of God’s Domain had further solidified the position of virtual reality games in people’s lives. Currently, the average person would spend close to half of their day living inside God’s Domain. It was also due to this reason that players all wished to live a better and more respectable life in God’s Domain.

After all, life in God’s Domain was just like another part of their own lives.

However, unlike their lives in the real world, their lives in the virtual world were much purer and simpler.

Generally, they only needed good weapons, equipment, and influence in the game.

At this current age, players’ pursuit of virtual items was no less than women’s pursuit of luxury goods.

After all, in the eyes of average players, weapons and equipment were the representation of strength. Gorgeous-looking weapons and equipment that allowed one to have amazing damage output were all the envy of average players.

High-level weapons and equipment were symbols of strength in God’s Domain, and countless players pursued them. It was also the reason why many players were willing to spend hundreds and thousands, and sometimes even tens of thousands of Credits to purchase these powerful items. Some wealthy youths that were born with a golden spoon would even spend several millions without blinking just to obtain a powerful item.

These people were willing to go to such lengths because, with powerful weapons and equipment, they could experience the pleasure of being superior to others.

In the case of a Magic Weapon like the Abyssal Blade, it wouldn’t be impossible for it to sell for an astronomical price of several tens of millions. Shi Feng recalled that one year after God’s Domain’s official launch in the past, a Legendary item had appeared in the World Auction, which was held in the real world. At that time, the Legendary item had been sold off for 60 million Credits. The price had thoroughly shocked the entire world. Shortly after the auction, however, the person who sold the Legendary item immediately regretted that decision.

There was only a limited number of Legendary items throughout the entire God’s Domain, and every single one of them was considered a strategic weapon by Guilds. Just by owning one, a player could easily get through their Tier 4 or even Tier 5 class promotions. Meanwhile, the value of a Tier 5 powerhouse could reach up to tens of billions of Credits. The reason being, when a Guild gave birth to a Tier 5 powerhouse, the Guild would have the ability to conquer two or three additional cities that could each hold a population of several million people.

Of course, the Abyssal Blade was still incapable of rivaling a Legendary Weapon at present; it wasn’t even at the level of an Epic Weapon yet. However, it was what Shi Feng currently needed the most.

For Shi Feng, several hundred points of additional Attributes weren’t as beneficial a powerful skill. And the Black Emperor Inheritance just happened to fit the bill.

Shi Feng had learned many powerful skills. However, all of them possessed the same fatal weakness; all of them possessed explosive power, but none of them possessed any staying power.

Maybe this weakness wouldn’t be a problem when these skills were used inside a Dungeon or against players with poor equipment. After all, when going against players with poor equipment, Shi Feng did not even need to use up all the skills in his arsenal to finish them off. He could simply overwhelm them with superior Attributes, and not even techniques would be required. Meanwhile, when inside Dungeons, he would have MTs to tank the monsters at the frontlines, healers to heal him from behind, and many other players to support him. He only needed to survive and wait for the Cooldown of his skills to end before starting the next volley of attacks.

But when fighting against monsters or players that were equal in strength with him, just a short burst of damage would not carry him to victory. Without sustainability, he would be trampled by his opponent after his short burst. Just take Absolute Heaven for example. When he had ambushed Shi Feng, after his series of attacks had been defended against by Shi Feng, the only other thing Absolute Heaven could do was to escape. Unless Absolute Heaven had a method to take advantage of his opponent’s weakness, only death awaited him.

Following the upgrade of the Abyssal Blade, Shi Feng sank into deep contemplation for more than two hours, thinking of ways to incorporate the Black Emperor Inheritance into his fighting style. Now, he felt much more confident about clearing the 6th trial.

“Let’s see what kind of monster is awaiting me in the 6th trial, then.”

Shi Feng revealed a faint smile. Stretching his finger, he tapped “Yes” on the system interface and started the next trial.