Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 298 - Deep Pockets

Previously, Shi Feng had focused his attention purely on clearing the trials. Even when he upgraded the Abyssal Blade to Level 20, he had only picked out a random Level 20 Dark-Gold Weapon.

The War God’s Temple was one of the strongest powers in God’s Domain. This was a fact that remained true from ancient times up to the present.

Shi Feng had been able to fully experience this truth simply by seeing the various big shots in the Eternal Throne take action.

Hence, one could just imagine how wealthy the War God’s Temple’s treasury would be.

As for this War God’s Temple Exchange System, players would automatically activate it after obtaining the First Clear on a 100-man Team Dungeon. However, one would already require large amounts of War God’s Temple Reputation even to exchange for a Fine-Gold item. In God’s Domain, Reputation with the War God’s Temple was infamous for being extremely hard to obtain, not to mention meeting the required Reputation for exchanging an Epic item.

If not for his quest, Shi Feng would not have the chance to exchange for an Epic ranked item. He would not even have the chance to lay eyes on them. He would not get the chance to see the never-before-seen Divine Artifacts, either.

“I wonder what sort of Divine Artifacts are in the treasury of the War God’s Temple?” Shi Feng’s heart was filled with anticipation as he filtered the exchange window to display only Divine Artifacts.

A total of two Divine Artifacts was shown.

[Luminous Starlight] (Divine Rank, Two-handed Staff)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 3,000, Intelligence 8,000

Required Merit Points: 200,000

[Skyfrost Blizzard] (Divine Rank, Two-handed Spear)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 10,000, Intelligence 4,000

Required Merit Points: 250,000

Although he could not see the exact Attributes of these two items, just the Merit Points demanded and the equipment requirements of these two Divine Artifacts left Shi Feng utterly speechless.

“Can a person really equip these Divine Artifacts?” Shi Feng had his doubts.

It was simply unthinkable for a person to possess 10,000 Strength. Even during his prime, Shi Feng had not even been close to meeting such a requirement.

After having his fill of looking at the Divine Artifacts, Shi Feng filtered the window to display only Epic ranked items.

Immediately, an endless list of items appeared before him. A simple glance told Shi Feng that there were more than 10,000 items listed, and he could not help but wish he could take them all to enrich his own Guild Warehouse.

If Zero Wing’s Guild Warehouse had so many Epic ranked items stored within it, then dominating the entire Star-Moon Kingdom would not be a problem, let alone conquering White River City. However, this was only a passing thought.

Shi Feng currently had 6,800 Merit Points, and he could exchange for only a single Epic ranked item at most.

However, it was also not a simple task to choose a suitable item for himself out of these tens of thousands of items.

For starters, let’s forget about weapons. Armor should be a good place to start from, Shi Feng thought. Presently, he already possessed a Magic Weapon, the Abyssal Blade. The Dark-Gold ranked Purgatory’s Shadow he now wielded was also sufficient for his current self. If he wished to further increase his strength, then he needed to replace some of the Mysterious-Iron and Secret-Silver ranked equipment he was still using.

Yet, when Shi Feng looked at the long list of equipment, his mind was racked with indecision.

However, Shi Feng still managed to pick out a few good breastplates that caught his fancy. Not only did these breastplates offer large amounts of Strength and Agility, some even provided additional Intelligence, an Attribute that Shi Feng was currently in need of.

Meanwhile, the usage levels for these breastplates ranged between Level 20 to Level 80, and they all were Epic equipment that could level up to Level 100.

One of these breastplates was called the Purple Fire Battle Armor and it required 5,000 Merit Points. It was a breastplate that mainly focused on the Strength Attribute, in addition to providing a certain amount of Intelligence.

The other one was called Merciless and required 5,300 Merit Points. It was similarly a breastplate that mainly focused on the Strength Attribute, and likewise it provided a certain amount of Intelligence. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The final breastplate that caught Shi Feng’s fancy was a breastplate called the Carnage Chest Protector. It required 6,000 Merit Points to exchange for, and it provided a balanced amount of Strength, Agility, and Intelligence. The design of the breastplate was also very good, and it was also Shi Feng’s favorite out of the three breastplates.

However, if he were to exchange for the Carnage Chest Protector, he would not be able to do much with his remaining Merit Points.

Let’s take a look at some other items for now.

After some contemplation, Shi Feng filtered the exchange window to display ornaments that had a minimum equipment requirement of Level 20. The Merit Points of the War God’s Temple were extremely precious, so he needed to be extra careful when spending them.

After browsing through the list for some time, Shi Feng suddenly discovered an item he was extremely familiar with.

Space Ring.

However, instead of being of Mysterious-Iron rank, this Space Ring was of Epic rank. It was capable of storing up to 2,000 slots of items and cost 4,500 Merit Points.

However, it would simply be a luxury to spend 4,500 Merit Points on this item, and Shi Feng was definitely not willing to waste his precious Merit Points to purchase it.

“Ah? Isn’t this the ring mentioned in the legends? Why is it categorized under Epic ranked items?” Shi Feng noticed another ring he was familiar with.

Seven Luminaries Ring.

Shi Feng had done his fair share of research on the history of God’s Domain during his past life. The Seven Luminaries Ring was a ring crafted by one of the Ancient Gods, the Twilight Goddess. Seven formidable powers were sealed inside this ring, and each one of these seven powers could match the power of a God. Meanwhile, the Seven Luminaries Ring allowed the simultaneous use of these seven powers. Even a mere mortal would have the power to destroy heaven and earth when equipped with this ring. Rumor had it that the legendary God Slayer possessed this Seven Luminaries Ring, and it was precisely because of this ring that he had the power to kill Gods.

“Is it a replica?” Shi Feng did not believe that the War God’s Temple possessed the real Seven Luminaries Ring.

The reason being, an Epic ranked item would not be powerful enough to decimate heaven and earth. Even a Divine Artifact did not have that strength. According to Shi Feng’s understanding, the Seven Luminaries Ring was a true Godly Relic.

However, even a replica was an extremely rare find.

To put it bluntly, replicas were weaker copies of the real deal. Although the replica Seven Luminaries Ring would not possess the power to decimate heaven and earth, at the very least, it could still be used to beat some tigers and kill some wolves. It should still have the original features, albeit greatly watered-down versions of them.

Shi Feng then looked at the Merit Points required, discovering that the ring actually cost 8,000 Merit Points. It was worth almost half of a Fragmented Legendary item.

“Are you kidding me? Is this the brand effect?”

Shi Feng couldn’t help but inwardly curse the War God’s Temple. It was simply a replica. The other Epic ranked rings only cost 6,000 points, at most, so on what basis would a replica be worth 8,000 points?

“Eight thousand Merit Points... It seems I won’t be able to exchange for it...” Shi Feng sighed. Although he coveted the Seven Luminaries Ring greatly, he had only 6,800 Merit Points.

Following which, after taking his time looking through the myriad items, he still did not find anything that he fancied. Ultimately, he ended up choosing the Carnage Chest Protector. As for the Seven Luminaries Ring, he could only slowly accumulate Merit Points and exchange for it in the future.

System: 6,000 Merit Points are required to exchange for the Carnage Chest Protector. Current Merit Points in possession: 6,800. Do you wish to exchange?

Shi Feng immediately clicked “Yes.”

System: Player’s Reputation with the War God’s Temple has reached 3,000 points. Player is allowed to pay 20% of the required Merit Points using Gold Coins. Do you wish to pay using Gold Coins?

“It can’t be, right? I can also pay using Gold Coins?” Shi Feng grew ecstatic. He had hope of obtaining the Seven Luminaries Ring now.

Currently, he needed to pay 1,800 Gold Coins for 1,200 Merit Points. This meant that each Merit Point was equivalent to 1 Gold 50 Silvers. Such a price was much more expensive than just simply buying Epic ranked items on the market, where one Epic ranked item was worth only around 1,000 Gold.

If 6,000 Merit Points were converted to Gold Coins, that would be a total of 9,000 Gold. This price was at least eight to nine times more expensive than the market’s. The system was truly blackhearted.

However, this was a rare chance for Shi Feng. If he could pay a portion of the Merit Points required using Gold Coins, he would be more than willing to do so.

Following which, Shi Feng chose to exchange for the Seven Luminaries Ring instead.

Twenty percent of 8,000 Merit Points would be 1,600 points, which would be 2,400 Gold Coins.

At this stage of the game, average players would be glad just to have a few extra Silver Coins to spend, and spending 20 to 30 Silver Coins at once would be considered an extravagance. As for Gold Coins, average players might not even know what these things looked like.

Currently, one Gold Coin could be sold for 11,000 Credits.

Meanwhile, 2,400 Gold Coins would be worth over 25 million Credits. Even a first-rate Guild would not spend so much money just to obtain an Epic ranked item, not to mention spending 2,400 Gold Coins.

If Aqua Rose were to find out about this matter, she would definitely label Shi Feng a “spendthrift.”

However, Shi Feng chose to pay the 2,400 Gold Coins without hesitation. He had 5,000 Gold on his person at this time, having originally intended to use this money to purchase a stall in Star-Moon City. Now, though, doing so was no longer possible.

After completing the exchange, a purple-gold crystal ring appeared on Shi Feng’s palm. There were seven different gems inlaid into the ring, and the entire ring itself exuded a faint purple aura. It looked absolutely luxurious and fascinating.