Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 80 – Ten Million With One Sword

“Should we retreat now, Guild Leader?” Blackie asked as he looked toward Shi Feng.

Without a Tier 4 team, there was no way they could take down the Twin-headed Destruction Snake. It didn’t matter even if they had a Mana Domain on their side. This was because top-tier Ancient Demonic Beasts were born with Mana Domains. Thus, unless they had a Master Magic Barrier, they would have no choice but to fight the Twin-headed Destruction Snake at its peak.

“Retreat?” Shi Feng rolled his eyes at Blackie. “We went through a lot of trouble to get here. How can we just retreat?”

“But we’ll suffer a huge loss if we fail to kill the Boss and die,” Blackie said reluctantly as he looked at his own level. “We’ll only lose 20% EXP if we get killed by mobs inside the Ancient Demon Court. But if we get killed by the Final Boss, we’ll lose an entire level…”

Had they challenged the Twin-headed Destruction Snake before they increased their levels, they could’ve just challenged it without any worries. However, everyone on the team had already reached Level 104 or Level 105. They had already surpassed most players in the outside world in terms of level. Most importantly, Level 105 was a small milestone that allowed players to equip Level 105 weapons and equipment.

So long as everyone on the team equipped themselves with Level 105 Fine-Gold Equipment, they could head to a Level 110 map to train and widen the gap between them and other players. After all, due to the significant level suppression in the Miniature Ancient World, even Refinement Realm experts wouldn’t dare to grind in Level 110 maps before reaching Level 105.

However, if they got teamwiped by the Final Boss now, they would lose a significant portion of the advantages they had accumulated in the Ancient Demon Court.

Shi Feng naturally understood what was going through Blackie’s mind. Smiling, he said, “Although this Twin-headed Destruction Snake is powerful, we aren’t without a chance.”

“We still have a chance?”

Blackie was stunned. Then, he subconsciously turned to the Twin-headed Destruction Snake in the distance. He had a feeling that their entire team combined wouldn’t even be enough to fill one of the twin-headed snake’s mouths.

Su Qianliu and the others also felt that Shi Feng was joking with them when they heard his words. After all, nobody on their team could last more than a few minutes against the Twin-headed Destruction Snake’s Eyes of Destruction.

“We naturally aren’t able to resist the Eyes of Destruction for long periods.” After stretching his body a little, Shi Feng chuckled and said, “But what if we make it so that it can’t open its eyes for long periods?”

“Preventing it from opening its eyes?” Su Qianliu grew confused as she watched Shi Feng walk forward. “But where would we find enough experts to target all of its eyes?”

The simplest method to deal with the Twin-headed Destruction Snake was to target its Eyes of Destruction. So long as one could seal its eyes, the Twin-headed Destruction Snake would be no different than an ordinary Mythic monster.

However, the Twin-headed Destruction Snake had a total of eight eyes, four on each head. The Boss also possessed strong regenerative strength, and it could repair any injuries in just one second. Meanwhile, even the Boss could launch its mental attacks if even one of its eyes remained open.

In other words, players needed to attack all eight eyes once every second. Moreover, these attacks needed to destroy all eight eyes.

To make matters worse, the Twin-headed Destruction Snake’s combat standard was at the Trial Tower’s seventh-floor early-stage standard. Thus, it’d take at least eight Refinement Realm experts to accurately target and destroy the Boss’s eyes.

Currently, setting aside whether they had enough Basic Attributes, they didn’t even have eight Refinement Realm experts on the team…

However, Shi Feng did not bother explaining himself. Instead, he looked toward Su Qianliu and asked, “Can you guys seal four of its eyes?”

After thinking for a moment, Su Qianliu said, “If it’s only four eyes, me, Happy Snow, Firecloud, and Desolate Star can just barely handle one each.”

“That’s enough, then. I’ll take care of the other head by myself,” Shi Feng said, nodding. “Everyone else, just focus on dealing damage. Tanks, your job is to prevent the Boss from charging into the crowd and using AOE attacks. Healers, all you need to do is keep the five of us healed.”

“You are going to seal an entire head by yourself, Guild Leader?” Su Qianliu couldn’t help but be stunned when she heard Shi Feng’s words. “Wouldn’t that put a lot of pressure on you…”

Su Qianliu recalled that Shi Feng was quite strong before she left Shadow. Even so, he was only at the Half-step Refinement Realm standard back then.

Of course, it had been several years since she left Shadow, so Shi Feng must have made some improvements during this period. The fact that Shi Feng managed to cast such a powerful Mana Domain was proof of that. Meanwhile, seeing that he had made such significant improvements in his Mana control, he should’ve made some improvements in his combat standard as well. At this time, he might have already reached the Flowing Water Realm or the Flowing Water Realm’s peak.

However, destroying four Eyes of Destruction in one second wasn’t an easy task. It was especially true when Shi Feng needed to face the Twin-headed Destruction Snake’s physical and mental attacks while doing so. Even a Void Realm expert would have trouble accomplishing such a feat.

In addition, the Twin-headed Destruction Snake’s high HP meant that they would be in for a long battle. Meanwhile, a long battle also meant more chances to make mistakes, and even one slip-up in this battle could cost everyone their lives.

However, before Su Qianliu could finish speaking, Shi Feng had already charged toward the Twin-headed Destruction Snake.

Subsequently, when Shi Feng moved within 100 yards of the Twin-headed Destruction Snake, the Boss immediately woke up, lifted its head, and opened its eight eyes.

When the eight crimson eyes the size of study desks opened, everyone’s worlds had seemingly distorted, and everyone had difficulty telling which direction was which. At the same time, an intense headache assaulted everyone’s minds, making it impossible for them to stay calm.

“Its mental attacks are too strong! We can’t even get close at this rate!” Firecloud said, clenching his teeth as he looked at the Twin-headed Destruction Snake.

Meanwhile, Su Qianliu also frowned in this situation, her complexion paling slightly from the intense headache she experienced. At this time, her head hurt so much that she couldn’t even cast a Tier 3 Spell, much less attack the Boss with Shi Feng… Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, while everyone was despairing over the situation, Shi Feng had jumped into the air and arrived above the Twin-headed Destruction Snake’s heads. Then, he unsheathed the Winter of Eternal Night in mid-air.

“Close those damned eyes!”

Eight Extreme Slashes!

The next moment, Shi Feng brandished the Winter of Eternal Night, creating eight crescent moons that tore through space and landed on the Twin-headed Destruction Snake’s eight eyes. The Boss had just opened its eyes, so it couldn’t keep up with Shi Feng’s actions at all.

Psh… Psh… Psh…

“Roar!”

The Twin-headed Destruction Snake’s two heads let out a painful howl, the intense pain coming from its eyes causing its massive body to distort and flatten the surrounding streets…

Subsequently, frightening damages appeared above the Twin-headed Destruction Snake’s left head one after another.

-1,035,445!

-2,130,546!

-1,120,648!

…

Damages exceeding one million appeared one after another, the total damage racking up to over ten million and causing everyone to gape in shock.