Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 81 – Hell Mode’s Evaluation

Everyone gaped in shock at the damage Shi Feng dealt.

“Big Sis Qianliu, didn’t you say that the Guild Leader was only a Tier 3 Half-step Refinement Realm expert before? Are you sure he’s not a Half-step Domain Realm monster instead?” Happy Snow asked as she looked toward Su Qianliu dubiously.

She could more or less accept that Shi Feng possessed a Mana Domain. After all, a Mana Domain was the product of having superb control over Mana.

However, the Eight Extreme Slashes technique was an advanced combat technique that even sword-wielding Tier 5 experts had difficulty executing. Any expert capable of executing this technique below Tier 6 was more than qualified to compete for a spot among the Eight Sword Meisters.

“This…”

Su Qianliu was momentarily rendered speechless. She didn’t know whether to laugh or cry in this situation.

The little girl beside her had never doubted her words before today. Yet, this was already the second time she had questioned her today.

However, rather than getting angry, Su Qianliu was ecstatic at being questioned.

If she were to point out what was most important in God’s Domain, she would have only one answer—experts!

It was especially true for monster-caliber experts capable of fighting thousands by themselves!

Why could Shadow never become a first-rate Guild after developing in God’s Domain for a decade?

Why could Su Qianliu’s adventurer team never enter the ranks of well-known adventurer teams in the Black Dragon Empire?

The answer was simple. It was because they lacked a truly powerful expert to protect the Guild’s interests.

Take Tier 6 God-ranked experts, for example. Even if a Guild had only one Tier 6 God-ranked expert and zero Refinement Realm experts, it would be publicly recognized as a top-tier first-rate Guild, and even the various superpowers wouldn’t dare to mess around with it for no good reason.

Zero Wing might be a new guild right now, but so long as it had a Half-step Domain Realm expert like Shi Feng leading it, it’d have no trouble rising through the ranks of God’s Domain at all.

At this time, apart from Su Qianliu, the other members of Su Qianliu’s adventurer team also grew excited, their confidence in Zero Wing’s future skyrocketing.

Meanwhile, when Shi Feng saw that everyone was still staring at him idly, he couldn’t help but shake his head and smile helplessly. Then, he asked, “How long are you guys going to continue watching? Can you start fighting the Boss now?”

Shi Feng wasn’t surprised by everyone’s reaction to his show of strength. On the contrary, this was the effect he wanted. After all, a Guild’s leader needed to be someone that members could put their trust in.

Although Su Qianliu had joined Zero Wing with her adventurer team, the loyalty of her adventurer team’s members remained with her, not him. If he wanted to have these experts follow his orders willingly, he needed to let them understand his strength. Otherwise, he’d have a challenging time ahead of him as Zero Wing’s Guild Leader.

After Shi Feng finished speaking, everyone promptly recovered their senses and began attacking the Twin-headed Destruction Snake. Moreover, nobody showed any resistance toward Shi Feng’s orders any longer. Now, everyone followed his orders with respect and expectations.

Meanwhile, with Su Qianliu and the other Refinement Realm experts joining in, the team quickly sealed all eight of the Boss’s Eyes of Destruction. Now, everyone simply needed to give their all in attacking the Boss without having to bother about anything else.

“Speed up the damage output! The Boss’s recovery speed will only increase as the battle progresses! All melee players pay attention to the Boss’s tail swipe and magic attacks!”

Shi Feng issued commands to the team one after another while repeatedly destroying four of the eight Eyes of Destruction.

In reality, Shi Feng was more than capable of handling all eight Eyes of Destruction by himself. After all, not only did he have his experiences as a Tier 6 Sword God in his previous life, but his Strength Attribute had also reached the Tier 4 threshold already.

The Twin-headed Destruction Snake’s mental attacks were no trouble to him, either. These mental attacks might affect other players, but they were no different than a gentle breeze to him. The threat level of these mental attacks wasn’t even comparable to that of the Boss’s Tier 4 Skills and Spells.

However, when considering Zero Wing’s future development, Shi Feng decided to use the Twin-headed Destruction Snake to train everyone. After all, opportunities for players to come across mental attacks in God’s Domain were few and far between. Meanwhile, players could develop their Concentration standard by a certain extent when defending against mental attacks.

Thus, it was fine even when Su Qianliu and the others slipped up and allowed the other four Eyes of Destruction to regenerate from time to time. Their mistakes would allow everyone to experience the Boss’s mental attacks. Then, everyone could figure out ways to adapt or resist these mental attacks.

Subsequently, time passed by quickly. Without realizing it, everyone had already fought against the Twin-headed Destruction Snake for over an hour and whittled the Boss’s HP to just 10%.

When the Boss’s HP reached 10%, it also entered a berserk state. Although its Basic Attributes remain unchanged, it started releasing AOE mental ripples even with all eight of its eyes destroyed.

Although these Tier 4 mental ripples weren’t as powerful as the direct Tier 4 mental attacks from before, they were still very effective against Tier 3 players. While subjected to stinging pain in their mind and body, everyone couldn’t exert more than 50% of their combat power.

This situation forced everyone to find a way to defend against the mental ripples while attacking the Twin-headed Destruction Snake. As a result, the fall of the Boss’s HP slowed down significantly, and casualties also began appearing one after another.

Meanwhile, faced with this dangerous situation, everyone’s minds became even more focused, which, in turn, subtly improved everyone’s Concentration standard.

Eventually, though, the Twin-headed Destruction Snake still fell under everyone’s attacks, and countless particles of holy light started raining down from the sky, brightly illuminating the dusky sky.

“We won!”

“We did it!”

“Awesome! We actually got the First Clear of a Hell Mode Ancient Demon Court!”

The surviving members of the team collapsed to the ground and cheered when they saw the light shower and the Twin-headed Destruction Snake’s corpse. At this time, even Su Qianliu had a hard time believing that they had completed the raid.

On the main continent, Ancient Demon Courts were the various superpowers’ exclusive playground. Although first-rate Guilds could also raid an Ancient Demon Court, several first-rate Guilds would need to work together to do so.

Yet, now, their newly-established Guild had just raided an Ancient Demon Court!

Moreover, it was even a Hell Mode Ancient Demon Court!

While everyone was cheering in celebration, a golden glow enveloped many players in the team as these people leveled up from 104 to 105. As for those who were originally at Level 105 already, they saw their experience bars filling up by a large margin. The amount of EXP the Twin-headed Destruction Snake gave was enough to make up for two days’ worth of solo grinding.

At the same time, the system’s mechanical voice also entered everyone’s ears.

…

System: Congratulations! Zero Wing has obtained the First Clear for the Hell Mode Ancient Demon Court. Rewarding all participants with 10 Miniature Ancient World Reputation Points and 5 Legacy Skill Points. Loot quality upgraded by one rank. Guild’s World Reputation +500.

System: Raid evaluation for the Hell Mode Ancient Demon Court is S-rank.

… Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“S-rank?! Crap! We got an S-rank evaluation!” Blackie couldn’t help but rub his eyes in shock when he read the pop-up notification before him. “Am I dreaming?”

“No way!” Firecloud was also thunderstruck after he took a closer look at the system notification. “It really is an S-rank evaluation!”

The Ancient Demon Court had five evaluation ranks: D, C, B, A, and S. However, even when raiding the Hard Mode Ancient Demon Court, the various superpowers could usually only obtain an A-rank evaluation. Yet, now, their team had obtained an S-rank evaluation for Hell Mode. This situation simply felt unrealistic.

Of those present, only Shi Feng found this outcome normal.

The Ancient Demon Court’s evaluation system was based on two main criteria: time and casualty count. For the first criteria, the average clear time for the Hell Mode Ancient Demon Court was around 16 hours, so their clear time of under 12 hours was considerably fast. For the second criteria, a team would receive an excellent result so long as the number of deaths did not exceed 200.

The fact that they were the first team to clear this Hell Mode Ancient Demon Court also added bonus points to their evaluation. Thus, it wasn’t impossible for them to acquire an S-rank evaluation.