Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 86 – One Sword to Reach the Apex!

“It seems I have really underestimated you. I did not think a Domain Realm expert would settle down in a small Guild. It explains why Su Qianliu dared to openly challenge us,” One-eyed Ghost coldly said as he looked at Shi Feng’s cloaked figure. “However, don’t you think you are being overconfident if you think you can provoke our two Guilds?”

After saying so, One-eyed Ghost suddenly vanished from everyone’s vision.

However, unlike before, One-eyed Ghost’s disappearance this time also caused the surrounding Mana to grow rampant, and even space itself had started trembling.

“I want to see how many times you can stop my attacks!”

After learning that Shi Feng wasn’t an ordinary expert, One-eyed Ghost stopped holding back, choosing to unleash his Mana Domain immediately. Then, in conjunction with his Bronze Footwork, he activated his Tier 3 Legacy Skill Bloodshadow Thrust.

Bloodshadow Thrust was the fastest sword attack One-eyed Ghost could execute at Tier 3. Upon activating the Skill, One-eyed Ghost would execute thirteen consecutive thrusting attacks, each one faster than the one before. When paired with Phantom Ghost, even Stalwart Bear, one of the Five Blades, wouldn’t dare to face One-eyed Ghost directly. This was because the speed of this attack simply wasn’t something one could respond to with a Tier 3 physique.

Meanwhile, after One-eyed Ghost vanished from everyone’s vision, the only sign indicating that he was still here were the streaks of red light zipping around the battlefield.

One streak…

Three streaks…

Seven streaks…

Each streak of red light that appeared moved faster than the other. Even spatial tears had started appearing around the battlefield by the ninth streak.

When Shi Feng saw the thirteen red light streaks coming for him, he revealed a faint smile. Then, after entering a casual stance, he started brandishing the Winter of Eternal Night.

Sword’s Transmigration!

Immediately, sword lights also appeared around Shi Feng one after another and clashed with the oncoming red light streaks.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

Every sword light caused space to shatter and the ground to tremble. The intense shockwaves and explosions gave everyone the illusion that the sky was falling.

When all thirteen light streaks disappeared, dust enveloped the entire cavern. Then, once the dust settled, everyone could see two figures standing on the battlefield. At this time, though, one of them was no longer wielding his sword. Or, more specifically, this person’s arm, together with his sword, had fallen to the ground.

“How is this possible?!”

Everyone was stupefied when the dust thoroughly settled.

This was because the person who had lost his arm was none other than One-eyed Ghost. Moreover, his severed arm wasn’t the only injury One-eyed Ghost suffered. There were also numerous deep cuts covering his body, and his HP had sharply fallen under the 25% threshold, entering a critical level.

“The vice commander actually lost!?”

Nature Hall’s members were in disbelief when they saw that One-eyed Ghost was heavily injured while Shi Feng remained completely unharmed.

Although One-eyed Ghost was no longer as strong as he was on the main continent after entering the Miniature Ancient World, the techniques and combat standard he cultivated remained. Now that he had also mastered the Bronze Footwork Phantom Ghost, he could potentially rank among the top three of the Eight Sword Meisters. Other than God-ranked experts, there was probably nobody capable of defeating One-eyed Ghost without taking any damage.

Yet, now, not only did One-eyed Ghost lose to a no-name Swordsman, but he had even suffered a miserable defeat. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At this time, One-eyed Ghost also turned to look at Shi Feng, his eyes filled with shock. However, a moment later, he sneered and said, “Your skills truly amaze me. This is the first time I have seen someone capable of such swift attacks at Tier 3. Even the top three Sword Meisters pale in comparison. However, if you think that you can act arrogantly in front of our two Guilds just because of that, you should think again. If you don’t hand over the Ancient Demon Court’s key, none of you should think of leaving here today!”

As soon as One-eyed Ghost finished speaking, Healing Spells suddenly started landing on him one after another, instantly regenerating his HP back to full. Even his severed arm had regenerated completely.

Immediately afterward, the one hundred Refinement Realm experts on standby surrounded Shi Feng.

“These people are despicable! I can’t believe they’re resorting to bullying with numbers after losing a one-on-one fight!” Happy Snow said angrily when she saw the many Refinement Realm experts getting ready to fight. “Let’s join in as well, Big Sis Qianliu!”

Nodding, Su Qianliu said, “Mhm. Everyone, get ready. We’ll try to blast a hole in the barriers afterward. With the Guild Leader’s skills, he should have no problem escaping the two Guilds’ pursuit.”

With the help of magic barriers and magic arrays, it wouldn’t be a problem for a hundred Refinement Realm experts to whittle down a Domain Realm expert. It was especially true when both sides were still at Tier 3.

After all, all players had limited Mana and concentration. Meanwhile, fighting against Refinement Realm experts was an entirely different experience than fighting against ordinary experts. One would need to combine powerful combat techniques and Skills to kill Refinement Realm experts. Meanwhile, doing so would put a huge burden on one’s Stamina and Concentration.

Hence, in a situation where one didn’t have an advantage in tiers, even a Domain Realm expert wouldn’t dare to face one hundred well-equipped Refinement Realm experts. Not to mention, Nature Hall and Hundred Flower Palace had four apex experts on their side.

Just when Su Qianliu and the others were about to reinforce Shi Feng, Shi Feng glanced at One-eyed Ghost and indifferently said, “Me? Arrogant? No, it is you people who are arrogant! Do you honestly think you can do anything against me with just a hundred Refinement Realm experts?”

After saying so, Shi Feng took a step toward the nearest Refinement Realm expert. Then, with him at the center, the Mana within a 100-yard radius instantly vanished, the sudden change causing the Refinement Realm experts and One-eyed Ghost to feel suffocated.

Meanwhile, upon sensing the surrounding Mana disappearing and his Mana Domain getting overwhelmed, One-eyed Ghost couldn’t help but be stunned as he exclaimed, “This is…a true Mana Domain?!”

However, before One-eyed Ghost could make any further reactions, Shi Feng had already raised the Winter of Eternal Night. Then, concentrating all of the Mana he gathered from his surroundings into the sword, he transformed the weapon into a Mana greatsword that measured one hundred yards in length and swung it.

First Sword, Lightshadow!

Boom!

This was the first time Shi Feng had executed Lightshadow after his Strength Attribute had reached the Tier 4 threshold, and everywhere the sword of light passed through transformed into a pitch-black void. Even a Tier 4 Mythic monster would suffer serious injuries if struck by this attack. A Tier 3 player would be utterly helpless against this attack.

The instant the sword of light made contact with One-eyed Ghost’s body, his HP fell to zero instantly, and even his body had disintegrated into nothingness…

Meanwhile, after Shi Feng completed his attack, an unprecedented silence enveloped the cavern as everyone dazedly stared at the broken space around Shi Feng.