Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 108 – Fourth Floor

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng found himself appearing in a completely different location.

The setting of the third-floor trial was a stone forest. The fourth-floor trial, on the other hand, was an arena. Or, more specifically, a very modernized arena.

Not only could Shi Feng see all sorts of advanced technology around the arena, but there were also many flying disc-like objects hovering above the arena. Moreover, every one of these flying discs had luxuriously dressed people sitting on them, the flying discs granting these people an overlooking view of the arena.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng could visibly sense that these spectators were unlike any NPC he had seen before. Whether it was their clothing or behavior, none of these things looked like they belonged to the civilization he lived in. All of these people possessed their own unique cultural heritage.

Most importantly, Shi Feng could sense that all of these people were incredibly strong!

What is this place? Even the weakest person here is a great grandmaster at the Extraordinary Realm! Shi Feng was greatly shocked as he scanned the people on the flying discs.

Shi Feng could also sense that these people weren’t NPCs in God’s Domain. Instead, they gave off a feeling close to that of players. He could even hear the conversations they were having. Although he couldn’t understand the languages they spoke, he could tell through their behaviors that they were laughing at him.

However, before Shi Feng could conduct a closer observation on these people, a hostile intent that made him shiver suddenly descended upon him, and he couldn’t help but turn to look at the source of this hostility.

At this time, the arena’s large gate that had originally been shut suddenly opened, and a valiant youth dressed like a Swordsman slowly walked out of it.

This valiant youth was indescribably handsome, and he would definitely attract a lot of attention from young women should he walk on a public street. Moreover, he also had pointed ears and turquoise eyes, proof of his elven descent.

However, as soon as Shi Feng saw this elven youth, he instantly felt an unprecedented pressure descending upon him.

Is he above the Extraordinary Realm?

Shi Feng couldn’t help but have such a thought when he saw the elven youth. Although the elven youth was similarly at Tier 3, fully clad in Dark-Gold Equipment, and had similar HP as him, the pressure he felt from the youth was much more intense than even a Superior Mythic monster.

Meanwhile, after the elven youth stepped into the arena and looked at Shi Feng, he shook his head slightly, a flash of disappointment appearing in his eyes. Then, he took a step forward without even bothering to unsheath the greatsword he carried on his back.

In the blink of an eye, the elven youth crossed the distance of over a hundred yards and appeared in front of Shi Feng.

What speed!

Shi Feng was startled when he looked at the expressionless youth before him. The youth’s speed was so fast that it had already surpassed the limits of his senses. By the time he picked up on the youth’s presence, the other party had long since appeared before him.

Subsequently, the elven youth swung down an arm at Shi Feng as if he were swinging a sword, the youth’s arm shattering the space in its path and leaving behind a trail of darkness.

I need to block it!

Almost instinctively, Shi Feng executed Sword’s Transmigration.

Boom!

The Dark-Gold Swords Shi Feng wielded could cut and smash rocks apart. Yet, the instant his swords came into contact with the elven youth’s arm, he felt as if he had just hit an impenetrable wall. Not only did his arms instantly go numb, but the recoil of his attack and the force exerted by the youth’s arm had also sent him flying back several dozen yards.

When Shi Feng landed on the ground and looked at his longswords, he found that each of them had a deep groove on them.

He can break Dark-Gold Weapons with his body?

After just a brief contact, each of the Dark-Gold Swords Shi Feng wielded had received a big dent, and their durability had also dropped by 30%. In other words, the elven youth would only need three more attacks to destroy his weapons…

However, before Shi Feng could figure out an appropriate countermeasure to this situation, the elven youth appeared before him again and executed another chopping attack.

This time, the youth’s attack had bisected the entire arena’s space, and even time had begun to slow down in the face of his attack. Faced with this situation, Shi Feng promptly made the decision to combine Sword’s Transmigration with the Tier 3 Skill Thunder Tiger. Thunder Tiger was the fastest Offensive Skill available to a Tier 3 Swordsman, the Skill increasing the user’s Attack Speed by 100% and Strength by 80% upon activation.

Clang!

Unfortunately, the instant the silver longswords came into contact with the elven youth’s arm, they instantly shattered like glass. Then, an imperceptible black slit cut through Shi Feng’s body, instantly dropping his HP to zero.

Is this the strength that lies beyond the Realms of Truth?

Shi Feng experienced an unprecedented degree of shock as he looked at the elven youth and his shattered longswords. He never thought there would be such a huge gap between the temple’s fourth-floor and third-floor trials. The standard of the elven youth’s combat proficiency was definitely the greatest he had ever seen in all three of his lives.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng’s surroundings began blurring after he died, and a system notification appeared before him.

…

System: You have failed the fourth floor. Time spent: 5 seconds. If you wish to challenge the temple again, you will have to wait for one month. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

…

Shortly after the system notification, Shi Feng felt a dizzy feeling assaulting his mind for a moment. Then, by the time his mind regained its clarity, he found himself back on the 175th floor of the Secret Pavilion’s branch headquarters.

At this time, several hundred people occupied the 175th floor’s hall. However, the hall was indescribably quiet as everyone stared at the information displayed on the hall’s central display.

…

Third-floor Trial’s Scoreboard: