Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 160 – Astonishing Harvest

When the Level 112 Mythic ranked Dark Titan died, a bright glow enveloped everyone except Shi Feng as they reached the highest level permitted in the Dragonfall Secret Land.

Immediately afterward, a system announcement rang in the ears of both Shi Feng’s party members and the Tower Alliance’s party members.

…

Regional System Announcement: Sealing Labyrinth unlocked. The pathway to the Stratified Abyssal Realm will be unlocked in ten minutes.

Regional System Announcement: Sealing Labyrinth unlocked. The Sealing Labyrinth will be converted into a standard region in two natural days, and the entry limit into the region will be removed.

…

Upon hearing the system announcements, Crimson Heart and the other Hundred Flower Palace members couldn’t help but grow ecstatic.

“We did it! Big Sis Rue!” Rain Song cheered while shaking Cleansed Rue by the shoulders. “Our party will get to monopolize 90% of the entry slots now!”

The Dark Titan might not have battle recovery, but raiding it was still a great challenge. Had the raid continued for ten more minutes, most of them would have collapsed from Stamina and Concentration exhaustion.

Fortunately, the Dark Titan’s HP ran out before they collapsed from exhaustion.

“You made a huge contribution to the Guild this time, Rue. If not for you, we would’ve lost out on this huge opportunity,” Crimson Heart said as she looked at Cleansed Rue

If not for Cleansed Rue strongly recommending Hundred Flower Palace choose Zero Wing as its partner and agreeing to Shi Feng’s seemingly absurd demands, Hundred Flower Palace would’ve most likely ended up with only 10% of the Stratified Abyssal Realm’s entry slots.

However, rather than feeling joyful about being praised, Cleansed Rue wore a complicated look on her face as she looked at Shi Feng.

The first time Cleansed Rue met Shi Feng was in front of the Primordial Demon Court. At the time, Shi Feng had caused her and Hundred Flower Palace to suffer a huge loss. Yet, now, Shi Feng had helped Hundred Flower Palace secure 90% of the Stratified Abyssal Realm’s entry slots. She even felt an indescribable sense of reliability when she looked at Shi Feng’s back right now…

Meanwhile, some distance away from Shi Feng’s party, the Tower Alliance’s party of six wore indescribably ugly looks on their faces.

Originally, they had entered the Sealing Labyrinth thinking that they would be securing 90% of the Stratified Abyssal Realm’s entry slots. They had never thought that Hundred Flower Palace would be the one to monopolize 90% of the slots instead.

Although they had thought of forcing their way into the raid halfway through to rake in some contributions, they eventually decided against doing so. This was because there was no benefit in doing so. It wouldn’t change the outcome in any way. Hundred Flower Palace could simply stop attacking the Boss and switch to annihilating them instead. After all, the agreement the Tower Alliance signed with Hundred Flower Palace did not state that they could not attack each other. They merely agreed to open the Sealing Labyrinth together and split the entry slots for the Stratified Abyssal Realm.

While the two Guilds’ members were busy celebrating and sobbing, Shi Feng, who stood before the Dark Titan’s corpse, wore a dumbfounded look on his face.

“I really cannot understand what Hundred Flower Palace is thinking. The entry slots might be important, but the loot of this Boss probably isn’t much worse than those slots,” Gentle Snow exclaimed, shock coloring her face as she looked at the items scattered across the ground.

She used to be the Guild Leader of Ouroboros, a first-rate Guild, several years ago, so she had seen the loot of Mythic Bosses on numerous occasions. She had even seen the loot of many Superior Mythic Bosses.

However, all of them paled compared to the Dark Titan’s loot.

This was because the density of the Mana the dropped items carried was on an entirely different level.

In the past, the strongest item Gentle Snow had seen might have radiated dense Mana, but the Mana the item radiated remained invisible to the naked eye. However, every one of the items the Dark Titan dropped was currently radiating mist-like Mana.

How powerful must these items be for them to radiate such frightening Mana?

“This loot has indeed exceeded my expectations,” Shi Feng similarly exclaimed. “If they were to see what the Dark Titan dropped, they would have also regretted agreeing to our deal.”

For a Mythic monster, the Dark Titan did not drop many items. It had dropped only 32 items in total. Moreover, 30 of them were materials.

However, these were all incredibly special materials.

Abyssal Heart Fragments!

If what they got was the complete Abyssal Heart, they would’ve had an Inferior Divine Artifact ranked material on their hands. Even so, as the fragments of an Inferior Divine Artifact ranked material, the Abyssal Heart Fragments were still rated as Legendary materials.

When added into the production of weapons and equipment, an Abyssal Heart Fragment had a 50% chance of granting the item a Mana Amplification effect. In addition, it also had a 20% chance to upgrade a Dark-Gold item to an Epic item and a 1% chance to upgrade an Epic item to a Fragmented Legendary item.

Typically, one could exchange for a Fragmented Legendary item with just ten Abyssal Heart Fragments. This meant that the Dark Titan had dropped three Fragmented Legendary items’ worth of Abyssal Heart Fragments.

It should be known that a first-rate Guild would, at most, have several dozen Fragmented Legendary items. So, three Fragmented Legendary items were still a considerable fortune for a first-rate Guild.

Not to mention, in addition to the thirty Abyssal Heart Fragments, the Dark Titan had also dropped one Fragmented Legendary item and one Primal Lineage Crystal.

…

[Abyssal Eye] (Ring, Fragmented Legendary Rank)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 1,500, Agility 1,200

All Attributes (Increases according to the user’s level) Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

When equipped:

Increases all Attributes by 40%;

Reduces all hostile dark-type effects by 50%;

Ignore Levels +10

Additional Skill 1: Dark Star. Continuously cause dark damage to a radius of 500 yards for ten seconds.

Cooldown: 30 seconds.

Additional Skill 2: Abyssal Power. Grants the wearer the power of the Abyss, increasing Defense by 100%, Strength by 150%, Agility by 60%, Physique by 50%, and Endurance by 100% for three minutes.

Cooldown: 3 hours

Possession of the Abyssal Lord. Destroyed by the Eternal Spear, the Abyssal Eye’s core has been split into four fragments. The Abyssal Eye will restore itself when the three other core fragments are collected. Current restoration progress (0/3)

…

Rings were much rarer than weapons and equipment in God’s Domain. Typically, even the various superpowers’ Tier 5 experts would only be using Epic Rings, while most Tier 4 experts would still be stuck using Dark-Gold Rings. Moreover, the level of these rings would be far beneath the players using them.

Due to their rarity, rings would typically be valued one rank higher than their actual rank. For example, a Dark-Gold Ring would be valued similarly as an Epic Equipment.

Meanwhile, the rarity of Fragmented Legendary Rings was close to rivaling the rarity of Legendary Equipment. Not to mention, the Abyssal Eye was originally a Godly Relic. So long as he could find the three remaining core fragments, he could return the ring to its former glory. Hence, its value was many times higher than the average Fragmented Legendary Ring.

However, compared to the Abyssal Eye, Shi Feng cared more about the dark crystal in his hand.

This dark crystal was none other than the Primal Lineage Crystal.

It was also an item that Shi Feng had never thought he would obtain, and its value was much higher than even the Abyssal Eye.

…

TL Notes:

I’ve decided to capitalize the “physique” stat from now on. I didn’t capitalize it initially since I wasn’t sure if it was an actual in-game parameter. When I realized that it was an in-game parameter afterward, I continued keeping it at lowercase for consistency. But looking at it now, it feels strange leaving “physique” uncapitalized.