Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 161 – Primal Lifeform

There existed three ranks of Lineage Crystals in God’s Domain: the normal Lineage Crystal, the higher-ranking Advanced Lineage Crystal, and the highest-ranking Primal Lineage Crystal.

Primal Lineage Crystals were the only means for players to convert into a primal lifeform. However, Primal Lineage Crystals were so rare that their rarity surpassed even Legendary items. To put it into perspective, a typical God’s Domain would only have around a dozen primal lifeforms.

In terms of Life Rating, primal lifeforms did not exceed higher lifeforms such as Demidragons by much. Some primal lifeforms were even inferior to Demidragons when it came to Life Rating.

However, there was one aspect in which primal lifeforms had an insurmountable advantage over the higher lifeforms—World Affinity!

Among the many creatures in God’s Domain, primal lifeforms started with the highest World Affinity.

In God’s Domain, it was widely known that the higher a player’s World Affinity was, the higher their affinity with Mana would be. At the same time, they would also have an easier time perceiving the operating principles of Mana.

If the average player started with one point in World Affinity, a primal lifeform would start with three points in World Affinity. Even players who had reached Level 1 World Authority wouldn’t have such high World Affinity. Most importantly, the World Affinity gained through converting to a primal lifeform stacked with the World Affinity players gained through World Authority.

Moreover, the World Affinity gained this way wouldn’t disappear even if players left the God’s Domain they came from. This was because it wasn’t a blessing granted to them by their homeworld but rather an inherent part of their strength instead.

Of course, converting to a primal lifeform wasn’t an easy task. Aside from requiring a Primal Lineage Crystal, one would also need 10,000 Mana Stones to activate the Primal Lineage Crystal.

Mana Stones were much rarer than Magic Crystals. Although Master Alchemists could synthesize Mana Stones using Magic Crystals, the conversion ratio was 1:100. Moreover, the synthesis success rate wasn’t 100%. In other words, it’d cost at least one million Magic Crystals to convert to a primal lifeform. It simply wasn’t a cost the average person could afford.

This saves me a lot of trouble, Shi Feng thought as he put the Primal Lineage Crystal into his bag.

Originally, Shi Feng had planned on using an Advanced Lineage Crystal to increase his Life Rating. Then, he would head to the main continent and pick up an Inferior Legendary Quest to increase his World Authority in preparation for his Tier 5 promotion.

Not all Tier 6 God-ranked experts were equals. In fact, the difference in strength between God-ranked experts was much greater than even the difference between Tier 3 and Tier 4 players. If he did not pave a solid foundation for himself, even if he reached Tier 6, he would merely be an insignificant Tier 6 God-ranked expert in his sub-world and the Greater God’s Domain.

Shi Feng might seem very strong right now, but that was only because of a few factors, namely the Winter of Eternal Night, his Legendary Mana Body, and his superb control over Mana. In the Winter of Eternal Night’s case, it was a Fragmented Legendary Weapon that closely rivaled Legendary Weapons. In the case of his Mana control, he was confident that nobody could match him in this regard at Tier 3. Even if the Tier 6 God-ranked experts on the main continent reverted to Tier 3, none of them could match him. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

However, once he climbed to higher tiers, these advantages would quickly grow insignificant. If he climbed to higher tiers without increasing his advantages, the gap in strength between him and his peers would shrink continuously, and some might even surpass him.

It should be known that even the Tier 5 experts on the main continent had much greater advantages accumulated than he currently did, let alone the main continent’s Tier 6 God-ranked experts. This was because every veteran Tier 5 expert on the main continent would have several Fragmented Legendary items, with some even having Legendary Weapons and Equipment. In addition, they also possessed a large number of Tier 5 Skills and Spells.

The difference between a player wielding a large number of Tier 5 Skills and a player with only one or two Tier 5 Skills was bigger than the difference between a human and a dog.

This was also why few Tier 5 and Tier 6 experts were willing to enter the Miniature Ancient World. Entering the Miniature Ancient World would mean losing all the advantages they had accumulated over the years. There wasn’t even a guarantee they could accumulate as many advantages in the Miniature Ancient World as they previously had on the main continent.

Shortly after Shi Feng had sorted out the Dark Titan’s loot and equipped the Abyssal Eye, the chains binding the spatial fissure started shattering one after another. At the same time, the spatial fissure’s size also expanded by several times, occupying nearly half of the entire hall.

Subsequently, the spatial fissure radiated a powerful attraction force that caused everyone to subconsciously gravitate toward it. Shi Feng and the others had to resist with all their strength just to avoid getting sucked into the spatial fissure.

At the same time, a system notification rang in everyone’s ears.

...

System: Gate of Crossing activated. The wielder of the complete key may safely teleport up to 20 people to the Stratified Abyssal Realm through the Gate of Crossing. Once used, the key will enter a Cooldown period of ten natural days to accumulate energy. The key will also be required to safely return from the Stratified Abyssal Realm. Those without the key’s protection, please enter with caution.

...

“Why are there only twenty slots?” Rain Song couldn’t help but be confused when she heard the system notification.

Crimson Heart and Cleansed Rue also couldn’t help but be surprised and frown at this revelation.

According to the information they found through investigating the Dragonfall Secret Land, they discovered that the Stratified Abyssal Realm was a massive place. It was much larger than even the empires on the main continent. Although the Stratified Abyssal Realm had a strict level limit, its player population should amount to one billion at the very least. After all, aside from the countless native powers, plenty of experts from the various God’s Domains also operated there.

In their opinion, the teleportation gate should accommodate a thousand players at a time, at the very least. Otherwise, how were foreign players like themselves supposed to thrive in the Stratified Abyssal Realm?

Yet, now, the system was telling them that they would only receive twenty entry slots.

After setting aside the Tower Alliance’s two slots, they still had to split half of the remaining 18 slots to Zero Wing. This meant that Hundred Flower Palace would only have nine entry slots.

What could they possibly do with just nine slots?

The amount of items nine players could carry was incredibly limited. There was no way they could establish a long-term trade channel with just nine players. Not to mention, the currency used in the Stratified Abyssal Realm was different from the currencies they used.

“This is much better than we initially anticipated.”

Unlike Hundred Flower Palace’s members, Blood Hammer, the leader of the Tower Alliance’s party, revealed an excited expression when he heard the system notification. Although they were four or five entry slots shorter than their initial expectations, the Cooldown of the Gate of Crossing here was only ten days. That was significantly better than some of the other gates with month-long Cooldowns.

If Blood Hammer were to learn that Hundred Flower Palace’s members had come into the Sealing Labyrinth thinking that they could acquire 1,000 entry slots into the Stratified Abyssal Realm, he would probably laugh himself to death.

The Stratified Abyssal Realm was a special location that connected the many worlds of God’s Domain.

If every God’s Domain could periodically send 1,000 players into the Stratified Abyssal Realm, it wouldn’t take long before the various God’s Domains’ players outnumbered the native players. If that were the case, the various Stratified Abyssal Realms wouldn’t have remained under the absolute control of the various native powers all this time. The various God’s Domains’ powers wouldn’t have had to try to butter up to the Stratified Abyssal Realms’ native powers.

Being able to gain nine entry slots every ten days was a privilege that could make even the Greater God’s Domain’s various peak powers grow envious.