Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 204 – Magic Tactical Vehicle

“Do you have the Magic Tactical Vehicles statistics, Mr. Terrad?” Shi Feng asked as he pointed to the Magic Tactical Vehicle’s name on the list.

The list might have indicated that he could exchange for the rumored Magic Tactical Vehicle, but it didn’t show any useful information regarding the vehicle itself. The list only mentioned that the Magic Tactical Vehicle was a transportation tool. Of course, the price was also present, and it was most certainly exorbitant. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

A Hypersensitivity Potion only cost 10 Dark Crystals to exchange, yet a Magic Tactical Vehicle cost 500 Dark Crystals.

Going by the Stratified Abyssal Realm’s market situation, one Dark Crystal was worth around 200 Magic Crystals. Though, one would be hard-pressed to find someone willing to trade Dark Crystals for Magic Crystals since Dark Crystals were a crucial resource needed to increase one’s City Contribution. Dark Crystals were also the only currency used to exchange for city specialties.

The average power in Slumber City only earned around 200 or 300 Dark Crystals a month. A sum of 500 Dark Crystals would take even the peak powers of Slumber City at least a week to acquire. In other words, even if a peak power were to work hard for an entire month, it could only exchange three or four Magic Tactical Vehicles.

Because of this exorbitant price, Shi Feng felt the need to acquire more information before he decided whether he should plan to purchase it. After all, Magic Tactical Vehicles came in various grades. If what was being offered for exchange was only the most basic Magic Tactical Vehicle, it definitely wouldn’t be worth spending 500 Dark Crystals to exchange.

A Basic Magic Tactical Vehicle was only slightly more useful than a Mount as a mode of transport. Compared to the average Land Mount, which could only ride two or three people at a time, a Basic Magic Tactical Vehicle could ride a full party of six, and its Movement Speed only rivaled Dark-Gold Mounts. Aside from the larger capacity, the only other advantage a Basic Magic Tactical Vehicle had over a Land Mount was that it protected players from the corrosion of foreign energies. Players riding in the vehicle wouldn’t have to worry about their Stamina and Concentration draining.

“Yes, I do,” Terrad nodded as he took out a datasheet and handed it to Shi Feng. “There are two types of Magic Tactical Vehicles available for exchange. One type has no exchange restrictions, while the other can only be exchanged in limited quantities.”

“Two types?” Shi Feng accepted the datasheet and scrutinized it. Then, a joyful expression appeared on his face less than a minute later.

As mentioned by Terrad, there were two types of Magic Tactical Vehicles listed on the datasheet. The first type was the Basic Magic Tactical Vehicle, and the second type was the Bronze Magic Tactical Vehicle.

/

The Basic Magic Tactical Vehicle didn’t have an exchange limit. He could exchange for as many as he wanted so long as he was willing to pay the price of 500 Dark Crystals per vehicle. On the other hand, he could only exchange up to ten Bronze Magic Tactical Vehicles per month. Moreover, each vehicle cost 3,000 Dark Crystals.

If a layman were to see the difference in price and functionality between the two versions, they would most likely think that it’d be more worthwhile to get the Basic version than the Bronze version. After all, despite costing six times more than the Basic version, the Bronze version had the same Movement Speed and carrying capacity as the Basic version.

However, it was a different story for Shi Feng. He knew exactly how big of a difference existed between the Basic version and the Bronze version of the Magic Tactical Vehicle.

One could say that the former was a mode of transportation, while the other was a tactical-grade weapon. It wouldn’t even be an exaggeration to consider the Bronze Magic Tactical Vehicle as a miniature Mobile Fortress!

Aside from having all of the Basic version’s functions, the Bronze Magic Tactical Vehicle had two more key functions.

The first was a wide-range magic barrier that subjected all enemies within range to a powerful suppression. The suppression was so powerful that even a Tier 4 expert with a Mana Domain couldn’t resist it.

The second was an area-specific Mana specialization. The tactical vehicle could greatly strengthen the Mana of up to six players.

The presence of these two abilities on the Bronze Magic Tactical Vehicle was more than enough to tempt any hegemonic power in the Greater God’s Domain. Hegemonic powers would be willing to trade even one Fragmented Legendary Weapon for each Bronze Magic Tactical Vehicle. After all, the tactical vehicle was a godsend for invading other God’s Domains.

Players would have their tiers suppressed when they tried to invade other God’s Domains. Or, more specifically, they would have their Mana suppressed by the foreign world, their combat power falling by half a tier on average. When invading a foreign God’s Domain, a Tier 6 God-ranked expert would only be slightly stronger than the native Tier 5 experts.

Of course, due to the rarity of Tier 6 God-ranked experts, they would typically be used to defend important territories rather than to invade other God’s Domains. The main force of such invasions was typically made up of Tier 4 and Tier 5 players.

Meanwhile, this was where the Bronze Magic Tactical Vehicle would come into play. The tactical vehicle’s ability to strengthen players’ Mana could be used to neutralize the Mana suppression players suffered when invading a foreign world.

Unfortunately, the Bronze Magic Tactical Vehicle’s usefulness was only limited to invading foreign God’s Domains. The tactical vehicle wouldn’t be as useful when used in one’s homeworld. After all, any random superpower or first-rate power would have many Tier 4 and Tier 5 experts under its command. There was only so much the tactical vehicle could do with its limited coverage.

When used in one’s homeworld, the Bronze Magic Tactical Vehicle’s usefulness was inferior to a Fragmented Legendary Weapon. It wouldn’t even be an exaggeration to say that it was a pile of junk for Tier 5 players.

Of course, this was only true for God’s Domains that had already seen the birth of many Tier 5 experts. In the current Miniature Ancient World, the Bronze Magic Tactical Vehicle was a very powerful weapon. For powers, the tactical vehicle was even more useful than a piece of Legendary Equipment.

While Shi Feng was thinking of asking for a copy of the Bronze Magic Tactical Vehicle’s datasheet, the sound of a call notification suddenly rang in his ears.

“Did something happen, Blackie?” Shi Feng asked, finding it strange that Blackie would call him all of a sudden.

Shi Feng had previously tasked Blackie and the others with investigating Slumber City, and it had only been an hour since he passed down this instruction. Slumber City in its entirety covered a radius of more than 20 kilometers. An hour wouldn’t even be enough for Blackie and the others to learn about all of the buildings on the main street, let alone the entire city.

“One of Glimmer’s members came to me saying that Laura Crader wants to have a private chat with you, Guild Leader,” Blackie said worriedly. “Based on my current understanding, Laura Crader is incredibly mysterious. Aside from Purple Light’s and Glimmer’s members, she rarely interacts with other people. On top of that, she is also a battle maniac. Not only has she fought a name for herself in Slumber City, but she has also defeated many of the strongest players in the neighboring NPC Cities. I suspect she is thinking of challenging you to a fight after seeing you defeat Solitary Soul, Guild Leader. Do you want to meet her?”

After Shi Feng’s fight with Solitary Soul, the name of Black Flame had already been embedded into the minds of everyone in Slumber City. Some players even felt that Black Flame was now the strongest player in Slumber City. This worked very much in Zero Wing’s favor since Zero Wing would have an easier time recruiting members and establishing a foothold in Slumber City.

Conversely, if Zero Wing were to lose this fame, its development in Slumber City would slow down to a crawl.

Before Shi Feng’s arrival, the Glimmering Sword Laura Crader was recognized by everyone as Slumber City’s number one. Unfortunately, nobody knew exactly how strong Laura was. The only thing everyone knew was that the last time she took action, she had defeated the two other Vice City Lords in one strike.

It was true that Death Curse’s Solitary Soul had obtained a piece of Legendary Equipment and completed the Vice City Lord’s Temple Trial. However, even then, not many people felt that he was a match for Laura Crader. After all, it had already been quite a few years since anybody had seen Laura in action.