Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 246 – God-ranked Expert Ranking List

If the Miniature Ancient World’s various powers were to learn about this thing, Zero Wing will probably cease to exist before tomorrow comes, Shi Feng thought to himself as he looked at the ancient dark-purple scroll in his bag.

He had returned to Zero Wing’s Residence from the Adventurer’s Association without hesitation because of this Legendary Legacy Scroll.

Individual rewards awarded by the system would briefly appear before the recipient when the system handed them out. Although other players could not inspect the information of the awarded items, they could still determine the quality of the items based on the Mana and glow effect given off. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Meanwhile, a purple-gold glow typically represented Fragmented Legendary items, while a dark-purple glow represented Legendary items.

If the reward he received was only an ordinary Legendary item, the various superpowers might grow envious, but it wasn’t enough to make them go crazy. After all, every superpower had Legendary items of its own, with some even having Legendary Weapons. Needless to say, powers from foreign God’s Domains would also have Legendary Weapons.

However, it was a different story for the Legendary Legacy Scroll. Its value was above even that of Legendary Weapons.

The best Legacy Scrolls Shi Feng had seen during his previous life were Epic Legacy Scrolls. An Epic Legacy Scroll could not only teleport players directly to a Tier 4 Legacy Land, but players could also challenge the same Legacy Land up to three times. This made Epic Legacy Scrolls highly sought-after by Tier 3 players who had difficulty finding a Tier 4 Legacy Land.

Meanwhile, above Epic Legacy Scrolls were Legendary Legacy Scrolls. However, the existence of the Legendary Legacy Scroll was akin to a myth in even the Greater God’s Domain, and its existence had only ever been mentioned in library records. There were no records of people actually finding a Legendary Legacy Scroll in reality.

As for the value of a Legendary Legacy Scroll, it was something that even the Galaxy Corporation, a titan in the Greater World, would try to obtain, even at the cost of destroying an entire world.

This was because a Legendary Legacy Scroll did not simply teleport the user to a random Tier 4 Legacy Land. Instead, it would teleport the user to a Legacy Land related to their Legacy.

It might not seem like there was a difference since the players would be teleported to a Tier 4 Legacy Land regardless of whether they had used an Epic Legacy Scroll or a Legendary Legacy Scroll. However, the difference between entering an ordinary Legacy Land and a Legacy Land related to one’s Legacy was like night and day. It was especially true if one had a unique Legacy.

If a player entered a Legacy Land related to their Legacy, they could further improve their Legacy. It was especially true for God Legacy holders. If a God Legacy holder got promoted to Tier 4 via a Legacy Land related to their Legacy, they would become much closer to the God they inherited their Legacy from.

It should be known that Gods were known as the strongest existences in God’s Domain. Even an apex race like Dragons was beneath the God race.

Dragons might be known to be invincible among opponents of the same tier, but Gods were known to transcend tiers. This was why Tier 6 Gods could kill Tier 6 God-ranked players easily.

It would be the same if an Ancient God Legacy holder got promoted via a Tier 4 Legacy Land related to their Legacy. They would become closer to the Ancient God their Legacy was tied to after they got promoted to Tier 4.

Although Ancient Gods were also Gods, they had existed for a much longer period of time. They wielded strength of much greater purity, and they were much stronger than Gods under the same tier.

In God’s Domain, any Tier 6 player who had managed to master a complete Ancient God Legacy would become a symbol of invincibility. They could control a world at will, and even the Galaxy Corporation would have to bow its head to such existences.

Meanwhile, a Legendary Legacy Scroll had the ability to create such an invincible existence. Even if the chance of success wasn’t 100%, it was still enough to cause all powers in the Greater God’s Domain to go crazy.

After taking a long look at the Legendary Legacy Scroll, Shi Feng set it aside in his bag. He did not hurry to challenge his Tier 4 promotion.

The Myriad Worlds’ Descent expansion pack had thoroughly changed the status quo in the Miniature Ancient World. Before Zero Wing’s situation stabilized, Shi Feng dared not challenge his Tier 4 promotion.

The Tier 4 promotion took a long time to complete. The whole process could take anywhere from several days to half a month. Such a long time was enough for significant changes to take place in the everchanging Miniature Ancient World. He wouldn’t even be surprised if Zero Wing no longer existed by the time he completed his Tier 4 promotion.

Hence, only after making all the necessary preparations could he challenge his Tier 4 promotion with peace of mind.

However, despite Shi Feng’s thoughts, it was also true that Zero Wing urgently needed high-end combatants. So, he promptly contacted Laura Crader and handed her the Tier 4 Legacy Search Scroll he acquired from killing the Void Serpent.

This situation surprised Laura. She didn’t think that Shi Feng would give her the Legacy Search Scroll instead of using it himself. It was especially so now that Shi Feng had reached Level 120 already. With Shi Feng’s strength, he could easily complete his Tier 4 promotion and allow Zero Wing to progress further in its development.

In response to Laura’s confusion, Shi Feng simply said he had many matters he needed to tend to and wasn’t in a hurry to get promoted to Tier 4. After hearing this, Laura no longer refused the Legacy Search Scroll. After all, the quicker she raised her tier, the sooner she could head to the Greater God’s Domain. Hence, after taking the Legacy Search Scroll, she promptly left for the Boundary Mountain Range in search of a Tier 4 Legacy Land.

Shortly after Laura left for the Boundary Mountain Range, Su Qianliu and Blackie excitedly ran into Shi Feng’s office and reported Zero Wing’s latest situation to Shi Feng.

“Many experts have applied to join Zero Wing after we became a Bronze Guild, Guild Leader. In addition, the students of many academies have also sent us their resumes. We have already received over 200,000 applications in total for the time being. That’s even more than what the Asura Mercenary Alliance has received at its peak. Some well-known A-League experts have also applied to join Zero Wing,” Blackie said excitedly.

Zero Wing had very high recruitment standards. Aside from youths under the age of twenty, those above twenty needed to be at the Half-step Refinement Realm standard at the very least. Yet, despite these harsh standards, Zero Wing still received many applications to join. Among these applicants, over fifty of them were A-League experts. It should be known that every A-League expert was a peak expert or above.

If Zero Wing accepted all of these applicants, its overall strength would be close to matching the Five Great Super Guilds.

“I have received partnership requests from over ten superpowers on my side, one of them being the Secret Pavilion. All of these superpowers are willing to let us help nurture their peak geniuses like Twilight Echo. Moreover, they are offering to pay six bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluid per person,” Su Qianliu said with a smile. “According to the estimates these superpowers have provided, we should be receiving over 500 peak geniuses in total if we choose to partner with all of them. That’s a minimum of 3,000 bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluid. We can even afford to nurture a 1,000-man main force with that many S-rank Nutrient Fluids. Moreover, those peak geniuses will also become Zero Wing’s combat power.”

Just the thought of having so many peak geniuses fighting for Zero Wing sent shivers down Su Qianliu’s spine. With such a powerful force, Zero Wing could even clash against the hegemonic powers of other God’s Domains.

“Six bottles per person is too little. We’re already having trouble training our own geniuses,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head. “Tell those superpowers that they’ll have to fork out ten bottles per person. Moreover, we will only be accepting 300 people in total.”

Shi Feng was well aware of what those superpowers were trying to do. They were simply looking to form close ties with Zero Wing. However, his supply of Hypersensitivity Potions was limited. After deducting the portion he needed to nurture Zero Wing’s experts, he didn’t have many left to nurture the experts of other powers.

However, it wasn’t good to outright refuse those superpowers’ partnership offers, either. As the saying went, never slap a smiling person. Rather than openly refuse these superpowers and risk offending them, it would be better to ask for a higher price and scare them away.

“I understand. I’ll inform them afterward,” Su Qianliu said, agreeing with Shi Feng’s sentiments.

“Have you prepared the materials and magicians I had you prepare?” Shi Feng asked.

The status of a Bronze Guild might have allowed Zero Wing to stabilize its foothold in the Miniature Ancient World, but it wasn’t enough to allow Zero Wing to thrive. For that to happen, Zero Wing would still have to earn a large amount of wealth in God’s Domain. Meanwhile, now that the myriad worlds were descending to the Miniature Ancient World, it was the perfect opportunity to make a fortune.

“The materials are ready, but we are still missing a few Master Magicians,” Su Qianliu said, feeling a little ashamed. Although many experts had come to join Zero Wing, Master Magicians were still incredibly rare. Most Master Magicians remained in the hands of the various superpowers, and there were very few independent Master Magicians.

“That’s enough. Have all of them gather. I have something I need them to do right away,” Shi Feng said.

Shi Feng was well aware that the struggle for the various NPC Cities had only just begun. If Zero Wing wished to thoroughly stabilize its foothold in the Miniature Ancient World, it would need its own city. Moreover, it’d have to be a Guild City that could connect with the NPC Cities. This was also the basis of survival for the various Guilds in the Greater God’s Domain.

Afterward, Su Qianliu had all of the Master Magicians she found gather in Zero Wing’s Residence. Then, Shi Feng took out the Medium Teleportation Magic Array Design he acquired from the Nether King and had the various Master Magicians begin constructing the magic arrays stated in the design.

The design could only be used to construct three medium teleportation arrays that could teleport up to 50 people at a time. Each medium teleportation array cost 100,000 Magic Crystals to construct. The construction of a medium teleportation array was much more tedious than a small teleportation array, the complexity comparable to the construction of an NPC City’s Teleportation Hall. Moreover, the core magic array was even a Grandmaster Magic Array that could only be constructed by a Grandmaster Magician.

Fortunately, Shi Feng was a Grandmaster Magician, so constructing the core magic array wouldn’t be a problem.

…

While Shi Feng was leading the many Master Magicians to construct a medium teleportation array for Abyssal Star City, competition in the Miniature Ancient World was growing fiercer and fiercer.

It wasn’t until the fourth day after the expansion pack’s launch that the various powers’ management rights over the various NPC Cities were decided. The struggle between the various powers these past few days was incredibly exciting, and many experts and powers had either risen to fame or fallen into obscurity. The struggle was so heated that everyone quickly forgot about Zero Wing’s promotion into a Bronze Guild.

At the same time, the Seven Luminaries Alliance, one of the Greater God’s Domain’s strongest powers, had released a ranking list in the Miniature Ancient World.

The God-ranked Expert Ranking List!

The ranking list included the top 100 God-ranked experts that have appeared in all Colosseums across the Miniature Ancient World, and it became an important reference for the Greater World’s various conglomerates.