Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 258 – Immortal Equipment Set

Shi Feng slowly opened his eyes to a gray space shrouded by thick fog. At the same time, his brain was assaulted by a severe sense of dizziness, and he found it difficult to even stand up.

Before Shi Feng could stand up from the ground, a series of system notifications entered his ears.

…

System: You have discovered the Ancient God Graveyard. Starting Tier 4 Abyssal Sword Emperor Promotion Quest.

Quest Content: Obtain the Ancient God Legacy Power in the Ancient God’s Graveyard. Rewards unknown.

System: You cannot make contact with the outside world while in the Ancient God Graveyard. If you die in the Ancient God Graveyard, you will be forcibly teleported out of the Ancient God Graveyard, lose ten levels, and have your soul weakened for fifteen days.

…

So, even with a Legendary Legacy Scroll, I only get one opportunity? What a harsh condition. It seems I can’t recklessly take risks now.

Shi Feng didn’t know whether to laugh or cry when he finished reading the system notifications.

Ad

An Ancient God’s Legacy Land!

He didn’t think the Legendary Legacy Scroll could teleport him to a Legacy Land related to the Ancient Abyssal God.

However, it would seem that this unbelievable privilege also came at an extraordinary price. Just the penalty for failure was more than enough to ruin him completely.

On top of losing ten levels, he would also have his soul weakened for fifteen days. Should he fail his promotion, he’d need at least a month to return to his current level.

In the current Miniature Ancient World, losing a month’s worth of progress was no laughing matter. A God-ranked expert wouldn’t necessarily be able to catch up to frontline experts if they doubled their efforts after taking such a loss.

However, what surprised Shi Feng, even more, was the environment in the Ancient God Graveyard.

Mana was the foundation of all life in God’s Domain. Yet, there was not a trace of mana in this place… Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

If the average Tier 3 player were to enter this place, they’d die within 30 seconds. Even players with Epic Mana Bodies shouldn’t think of using a single Skill or Spell in such an environment.

As for Shi Feng, his Legendary Mana Body might be capable of producing its own mana. However, in an environment devoid of mana, he could only use Skills and Spells a very limited number of times.

To make matters worse, on top of having no mana whatsoever, the Ancient God Graveyard was also crawling with Level 125, Tier 4 Heroic Spirits…

…

[Divine Graveyard Wanderer] (Heroic Spirit, Tier 4 Sword Emperor)

Level 125

HP 300,000,000

…

Heroic Spirits were the spirits of deceased Human Heroes. They might not have very high HP and intelligence, but they possessed incredibly high combat standards. Stronger Heroic Spirits would even retain their combat standards when they were alive. In other words, they’d have combat standards of Hero-level NPCs.

Ad

Heroes were human NPCs who had received titles and blessings from Gods after accomplishing great deeds that have left even Gods in awe. Even the weakest Hero would have combat power rivaling ordinary Dragons of the same tier. When it came to utilizing Skills and Spells, Heroes were superior to even Domain Realm experts.

It’s not going to be possible to engage them one-on-one. It seems I have no choice but to take things slowly.?Shi Feng sighed deeply after observing the wandering Heroic Spirits for over an hour. Then, he took out a Magic Tactical Vehicle from his Epic Spatial Bag.

Based on his observation, he found that there should be at least several hundred Tier 4 Heroic Spirits wandering this vast forest shrouded in fog. Moreover, these Heroic Spirits never moved more than 100 yards apart from each other. This meant that should he attack against any of these Heroic Spirits, he would end up attracting the attention of at least three other Heroic Spirits…

Normally, a Tier 3 player would get obliterated if they tried to fight against a Tier 4 Heroic Spirit alone. Although Shi Feng had Tier 4 Physique and Mana, in an environment without mana, he could, at best, defeat a Tier 4 Heroic Spirit in a one-on-one situation. If he had to go up against four Heroic Spirits simultaneously, only death would await him.

The only solution to this problem would be to fight numbers with numbers.

Subsequently, Shi Feng found the closest Divine Graveyard Wanderer and threw a rock at the latter.

Under the acceleration of Shi Feng’s Tier 4 Strength, the rock flew forward like a shooting star, penetrated through a tree, and exploded on the Wanderer’s back. However, the Wanderer’s armor had absorbed most of the impact, so the Wanderer only lost around 9,000 HP, which was an insignificant amount considering he had 300 million HP.

Ad

Meanwhile, the struck Wanderer promptly unsheathed his greatsword and left behind an afterimage as he charged at Shi Feng. The Berserker-type Wanderer’s speed was so fast that even Tier 4 Assassin experts would be put to shame. In addition, the Wanderer’s advance was made without any excess movements. Every movement the Wanderer made thoroughly utilized the forest’s complex terrain to let him effectively close the distance while making it hard for Shi Feng to predict the exact trajectory of his approach.

The struck Wanderer wasn’t the only one who was approaching Shi Feng. Three other nearby Divine Graveyard Wanderers had also simultaneously charged toward Shi Feng. Moreover, despite not having communicated in any way, the four Wanderers moved with perfect coordination, some approaching from Shi Feng’s blind spots while some distracting Shi Feng with ranged attacks.

You have good coordination, but it’s a pity that I’m not alone.

Shi Feng smiled when he saw the four Wanderers entering within 50 yards of him. Then, he promptly injected 2,000 Magic Crystals into the Dragonhorn Tactical Vehicle to activate the Advanced Anti-Magic Barrier and Hexagram Protection simultaneously.

Immediately, the movement of all four Wanderers turned awkward, and none of them could use Tier 4 Skills and Spells any longer. In contrast, Shi Feng’s mana was instantly elevated to the Tier 4 standard, even with the restraining effects of the surrounding environment.

Ad

Subsequently, Shi Feng unsheathed the Winter of Eternal Night and activated World of Frost, summoning nine frost swords around him. Then, he executed Sword’s Orbit against the four Wanderers attacking him.

The Sword’s Orbit he executed with the nine frost swords might not reach the standard of Silver Combat Techniques, but it still reached the Bronze standard. Moreover, each frost sword carried 120% of his Strength. So, even though the Divine Graveyard Wanderers had very high combat standards, they could, at most, defend themselves against one frost sword. As each Wanderer had to go up against two or more frost swords, they would receive a direct blow with every exchange. Although every attack he landed could only cause around three million damage, he steadily reduced the four Wanderers’ HP.

In less than a minute, even with their battle recovery, three of the four Wanderers had already lost close to half of their HP. As for the one Wanderer who had to go up against three frost swords, his HP had fallen below the 50% mark.

Eventually, before two minutes passed, all four Divine Graveyard Wanderers had lost all of their HP. Then, their bodies transformed into light particles that scattered into the surrounding fog, leaving behind a bunch of weapons and armor pieces. At the same time, Shi Feng also saw his experience bar going up by 26%, showing that the four Heroic Spirits had awarded him an incredibly lucrative amount of EXP.

Although progression will be slow, this gives me time to properly investigate this Ancient God Graveyard,?Shi Feng thought to himself with a bitter smile.

If it weren’t for the Winter of Eternal Night, he would have definitely died to the four Tier 4 Heroic Spirits. Unfortunately, World of Frost only had a three-minute duration, so he couldn’t fight another group of Divine Graveyard Wanderers even if he wanted to. He’d have to wait for the Skill’s two-hour Cooldown to complete before he could start another fight. In the meantime, he could take his time investigating the Ancient God Graveyard.

Ad

After sheathing the Winter of Eternal Night, Shi Feng began inspecting the loot the four Divine Graveyard Wanderers dropped.

An Immortal Equipment Set?

Shi Feng was a little surprised when he saw that the runic weapons and armor that the Wanderers had dropped all radiated a dark-gray glow. Immediately, he used Eyes of Reality to inspect the rank of these Immortal Weapons and Equipment.

The dark-gray glow effect was unique to Immortal Weapons and Equipment, which were also the mainstream equipment in the Greater God’s Domain. Meanwhile, any random Secret-Silver Immortal Equipment Set could be sold for an astronomical price.