Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 259 – Ancient God’s Arm

Not only did they drop Level 120 Fine-Gold Immortal Equipment Sets, but they’ve even dropped Dark-Gold Immortal Equipment Sets. Shi Feng was at a loss for words when he finished identifying the equipment the Divine Graveyard Wanderers dropped. If the Miniature Ancient World’s various powers could enter this place, they’d probably faint from joy.

The four Divine Graveyard Wanderers dropped a total of 14 Fine-Gold Specter Set pieces and three Dark-Gold Blazing Flame Set pieces. This was a considerably high drop rate for Immortal Equipment.

Immortal Weapons and Equipment were incredibly precious in the Greater God’s Domain. They were much more durable than ordinary weapons and equipment, which would not only allow players to stay in combat for a much longer time, but also let players save on a hefty sum of repair fees.

In the Greater God’s Domain, even Epic Weapons and Equipment could only survive a few fights against Tier 4 Mythic monsters and above. As for weapons and equipment at the Dark-Gold rank or below, it’d be a miracle if they could survive a full fight against a Mythic monster.

Meanwhile, if the durability of weapons and equipment fell to zero during battle, players would be left to fight barehanded and naked. Moreover, players couldn’t even get their items repaired afterward, as weapons and equipment would be reduced to nothing but scrap once their durability fell to zero.

Yet, avoiding fights with Mythic monsters and above wasn’t an option since monsters of such caliber were everywhere in the Greater God’s Domain.

As a result, even though ordinary Epic Weapons and Equipment were very common in the Greater God’s Domain, and the cost of repairing items was also significantly cheaper, repair fees remained a significant expense for most players.

Meanwhile, because of the hassle and cost that came with maintaining ordinary weapons and equipment, Immortal Weapons and Equipment became highly sought after in the Greater God’s Domain. This was true even for Secret-Silver Immortal Weapons and Equipment. So long as a Secret-Silver Immortal Weapon or Equipment wasn’t more than ten levels below the player’s level, any player would choose it over ordinary Epic Weapons and Equipment.

Unfortunately, few monsters dropped Immortal Weapons and Equipment, and players mainly had to rely on themselves to craft these items. However, the success rate of producing Immortal Weapons and Equipment at the Secret-Silver rank or above was incredibly low. As a result, even the more inferior Mysterious-Iron Immortal Weapons and Equipment could sell for a higher price than ordinary Epic Weapons and Equipment.

In fact, Immortal Weapons were so rare that Level 150-plus Secret-Silver Immortal Weapons and Equipment could no longer be bought with the average currencies used for trading. Instead, they would only be traded using the incomparably precious Seven Luminaries Crystals.

Although the Fine-Gold and Dark-Gold Immortal Weapons and Equipment the Divine Graveyard Wanderers dropped could only be used up to Level 120, their value wasn’t inferior to that of Level 150 Secret-Silver Immortal Weapons and Equipment in the slightest.

This was because a complete Immortal Equipment Set would generally grant far more Basic Attributes than the average equipment set of the same rank and level. Equipping a complete Immortal Set was akin to wearing an equipment set of a higher level.

As for how big the difference was, a Fine-Gold Immortal Set would grant Basic Attributes that were ten levels higher, while a Dark-Gold Immortal Set would grant Basic Attributes that were 15 levels higher. In other words, a Level 120 Dark-Gold Immortal Set would grant its wearer the Basic Attributes of a Level 135 Dark-Gold Set.

Even a player geared in Level 120 Epic Equipment would be two thresholds behind a player geared in a Level 120 Dark-Gold Immortal Set in terms of Basic Attributes.

If an ordinary expert obtained a Level 120 Dark-Gold Immortal Set, they could use it up to Level 150 without a problem.

The combat environment in the current Miniature Ancient World was essentially the same as the Greater God’s Domain already. It was just that monsters in the Miniature Ancient World weren’t as powerful. So, while ordinary experts could still barely make do with Fine-Gold and Dark-Gold Weapons and Equipment, frontline teams were already starting to face great pressure.

The cost of repairing Epic Weapons and Equipment after fighting against several Mythic monsters was a significant expenditure. Currently, a frontline expert would need to spend around 40 Magic Crystals per day on repair fees alone, while a 1,000-man frontline team would have to spend around 40,000 Magic Crystals. This was a frightening expense considering there were very few sources for players to acquire Magic Crystals from in the current Miniature Ancient World. Most of the Magic Crystals in the hands of players still consisted of Magic Crystals brought in by new players.

However, if players could switch to using Immortal Weapons and Equipment, they’d only need to do some simple mana maintenance to keep their gear at 100% effectiveness. In that case, they would, at most, have to spend one or two Magic Crystals a day.

There was a stark contrast between the two.

Not to mention, the Immortal Equipment Sets dropped by the Divine Graveyard Wanderers were far above the average level of current players.

If I wasn’t trying to get promoted to Tier 4, I could have made a fortune from this place, Shi Feng thought to himself as he looked at the patrolling Divine Graveyard Wanderers. Then, he quickly avoided these Heroic Spirits and advanced toward locations where he could avoid combat.

Shi Feng only had one opportunity to challenge the Ancient God Graveyard. Different from the leveling maps found in the outside world, so long as he died here, he would not get another chance to return.

Players needed to collect Legacy Power to complete their Tier 4 promotion. The monsters in Legacy Lands were similar to monsters of leveling maps in that they would respawn after a certain period of time. Yet, World of Frost had a long Cooldown of two hours. It’d be unreasonable to try to clear out all of the patrolling Divine Graveyard Wanderers.

So, the wisest move to make now would be to prioritize searching for his Legacy Fragments and collecting enough Legacy Power to complete his Tier 4 promotion. Killing monsters and acquiring loot should only remain as his secondary objectives.

Meanwhile, after Shi Feng had defeated the four Divine Graveyard Wanderers, an obvious blindspot appeared in the Wanderers’ patrol route. This allowed Shi Feng to advance without having to worry about getting discovered.

However, for precaution’s sake, Shi Feng would still kill four Divine Graveyard Wanderers every two hours, further enlarging the blindspot of the patrolling Wanderers as he progressed deeper into the foggy forest.

After advancing for two days, Shi Feng finally exited the foggy forest and arrived at a graveyard.

In these two days, Shi Feng had not only leveled up to Level 120, but he had also obtained over 200 Specter Set pieces and over 40 Blazing Flame Set pieces. In the case of the six-piece Specter Set, he had managed to gather seven complete sets. As for the eight-piece Blazing Flame Set, it was a pity, but he didn’t manage to complete a single set. Otherwise, he could have replaced his current Mana Equipment Set and elevated his Basic Attributes to an entirely new standard. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

The graveyard was set on a vast plain, and the fog here was much denser than in the forest. The Divine Graveyard Wanderers had also stopped moving independently, all of them moving in groups of three to five instead. The difficulty of advancing had increased exponentially. If Shi Feng accidentally attracted the attention of two groups of Wanderers, he’d definitely be beaten to a pulp.

Fortunately, not all was bad news.

When Shi Feng spread his senses, he noticed that the many glowing tombstones that covered the plains all radiated Divine Might. The Divine Might each tombstone radiated varied in strength. The stronger ones could deter even Tier 3 experts from approaching, while the weaker ones allowed even Tier 2 players to approach them easily.

Meanwhile, these glowing tombstones were none other than the Legacy Fragments Shi Feng needed to complete his Tier 4 promotion.

However, when Shi Feng moved around 1,000 yards into the graveyard, a pillar of dazzling light suddenly appeared in the distance. Following it, a frightening Divine Might swept over Shi Feng and alarmed his instincts, causing him to stumble backward by several steps.

After taking a moment to calm himself, Shi Feng returned to his previous position. Then, he cautiously observed the distant light while analyzing the Divine Might enveloping him.

What a powerful Divine Might!

Even though the dense fog covering the plains prevented Shi Feng from seeing more than 300 yards away, the light pillar was so dazzling that he could see it even though it was much farther away. In addition, the Divine Might coming from that direction was so powerful that it felt like a real God had just descended before him.

After scrutinizing the light pillar for a moment longer, Shi Feng suddenly noticed the faint silhouette of a gigantic arm amidst it. The arm easily measured several kilometers in height, and the surrounding fog could be seen lingering and drifting around it.

An Ancient God’s Arm?!

Shi Feng couldn’t help but doubt his eyes as he looked at the towering arm enveloped within the pillar of light.

It should be known that the Legacies and possessions of Ancient Gods were incredibly hard to come by, even in the Greater God’s Domain. They were so rare that most would only have their existences described in the Book of Origins. Yet, now, an Ancient God’s arm was placed in front of his eyes…