Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 260 – Aiming For The Limit

Shi Feng froze when he saw the gigantic arm in the distance. Only after quite some time had passed did he snap back to his senses.

Ancient Gods!

They were the strongest existences in God’s Domain. At the same time, they were also the oldest existences.

Any Legacy or possession from an Ancient God could cause countless Tier 6 God-ranked experts to fight for it crazily. Even the Greater God’s Domain’s apex powers would spare nothing at getting their hands on an Ancient God’s Legacy or possession.

As for the remains of Ancient Gods, Shi Feng had never seen or heard of anyone coming across one before in the Greater God’s Domain. In fact, coming across an Ancient God’s remains was something no player would ever dare to dream of.

This was because even the remains of ordinary Gods could already offer heaven-defying effects to players.

Out of the various uses a God’s remains had, the most widely known usage would be to help players reach Tier 6. This was a feat not even God Legacies could accomplish.

Ad

Only, using a God’s remains to help players reach Tier 6 was an incredibly extravagant action, so much so that not even the Greater God’s Domain’s apex powers would be willing to do so.

Rather than that, it’d be much more worthwhile to use a Tier 6 God’s remains to forge Legendary Weapons and Equipment or higher. Of course, this was also considered a wasteful way of using a Tier 6 God’s remains.

Meanwhile, the method that was publicly known and acknowledged to be the best way of using a God’s remains would be to upgrade a God’s Domain’s rank. Once a God’s Domain received a rank-up, not only would the world become stronger as a whole, but it would also become richer in resources and mana.

Take the many Intermediate and Higher God’s Domains that existed in the Greater World, for example. Many Tier 6 Gods were killed to upgrade these God’s Domains to their current states.

As for an Ancient God’s remains?

Shi Feng couldn’t even begin to imagine what kind of heaven-defying effects it could have.

After taking a deep breath, Shi Feng quietly observed the Divine Graveyard Wanderers within his view. A moment later, a bitter smile formed on his face as he thought,?Is the system putting the Ancient God’s Arm there just for me to admire?

After moving within viewing distance of the Ancient God’s Arm, he noticed that the number of Divine Graveyard Wanderers on the plains had increased significantly. Instead of moving in groups of three to five, every Wanderer was now moving in parties of six or more. In addition, the frightening Divine Might the Ancient God’s Arm radiated constantly interfered with his focus, which forced him to allocate a portion of his attention to blocking the mental interference.

If he had to defend against the Ancient God’s Arm’s mental interference, even if he used World of Frost, the Sword’s Orbit he executed wouldn’t be able to reach the standard of Bronze Combat Techniques. Should he fight against a party of Divine Graveyard Wanderers under such circumstances, he’d quickly be worn down and killed.

Ad

No! I’m not completely out of options!?After pondering for a moment, Shi Feng’s eyes widened in excitement as he suddenly came up with an idea. My current Basic Attributes are inferior to the Divine Graveyard Wanderers.?If I can raise my Basic Attributes to a sufficiently high level, I should be able to wear down the Wanderers, even if I can’t execute Bronze Combat Techniques!

The Blazing Flame Set might only be a Level 120 Dark-Gold Immortal Set. However, so long as he could complete the eight-piece set, he’d have a Level 135 Dark-Gold Equipment Set at his disposal. At that time, he should be able to suppress the Divine Graveyard Wanderers even without the help of Bronze Combat Techniques.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng promptly retreated from his current location and began harvesting the lives of the Divine Graveyard Wanderers that moved in groups of three to five. Although opportunities to strike at these grouped Wanderers didn’t come by very often, Shi Feng still managed to find four opportunities to strike after laying in wait for half a day.

Unfortunately, even after killing 14 Divine Graveyard Wanderers and obtaining over 40 Specter Set pieces and 11 Blazing Flame Set pieces, Shi Feng was still missing the Blazing Flame Set’s headpiece…

As Shi Feng was considerably exhausted, he took a break from God’s Domain after lamenting his bad luck.

…

While Shi Feng had gone offline to rest, access to the Top of Two Worlds, the place where the Miniature Ancient World’s Level 120-plus maps resided, was made available to players. When this long-awaited moment finally arrived, the frontline teams of the Miniature Ancient World’s various powers flooded into the Top of Two Worlds.

For a time, the Two of Two Worlds became the biggest battlefield in the Miniature Ancient World as countless powers fought to get an advantage over each other. The competition was so fierce that some superpowers were forced to withdraw.

This was especially true for the various local powers. In only a day, aside from the Flower of Seven Sins, which had suddenly gained an additional 20-plus God-ranked experts, the main force of every other power was forced to withdraw from the Top of Two Worlds. Now, only the various powers’ God-ranked experts and apex experts could afford to roam the Top of Two Worlds. Even then, they had to move covertly and carefully.

Ad

This situation caused the Flower of Seven Sins’ fame to become unrivaled among the various local powers, and the organization was now recognized as the number one local power in the Miniature Ancient World. Countless geniuses also sought to join the Flower of Seven Sins.

…

“Guild Leader, I don’t know what happened to the Flower of Seven Sins, but it has suddenly started recruiting the younger generation’s geniuses without any regard for costs. The Flower of Seven Sins is accepting all Refinement Realm experts under 22 as its core members. Moreover, it is offering all core members the privilege of buying three bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluid every year,” Su Qianliu said anxiously as she looked at Shi Feng through their video call. “Many of Asura’s and Zero Wing’s geniuses have already shown signs of flocking to the Flower of Seven Sins. If we don’t do something about this now, it’s only a matter of time before they make up their minds and leave. Should we loosen the conditions to use the Primordial Tower’s second floor?”

Geniuses of the younger generation might not be able to become useful combatants right away, but they represented the future of a power. If Zero Wing allowed the Flower of Seven Sins to steal all of its young geniuses, Zero Wing’s aim of expanding a development would vanish like a dream.

“Three bottles per person? How generous of them.”

Shi Feng was quite surprised when he heard Su Qianliu’s report. Typically, the various superpowers would only offer the peak geniuses they recruited the privilege of purchasing two or three bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids per year. Yet, the Flower of Seven Sins was now offering this privilege to all of its core members.

However, a moment later, Shi Feng shook his head and said, “We cannot allow more people to use the Primordial Tower’s second floor. We need to ensure every person who uses the second floor’s rooms successfully learns their Silver Combat Techniques as soon as possible. As for the Guild’s privileges, we can let core members purchase one bottle of S-rank Nutrient Fluid per year, but that is the most we can afford.”

Ad

He had just arrived at the Greater World, so he didn’t have any Star Coins. The stockpile of S-rank Nutrient Fluids he currently had only consisted of the ones he received for nurturing the various superpowers’ peak geniuses.

If Zero Wing wanted to compete with the Flower of Seven Sins in resources, he’d first have to become an official member of the Star Lake Legion. Then, he’d need to complete quests that awarded a large amount of Star Coins. Before that, there was no way Zero Wing could afford to compete against the Flower of Seven Sins when it came to giving away S-rank Nutrient Fluids.

After listening to Shi Feng’s command, Su Qianliu promptly left to carry it out.

The privilege of exchanging for one bottle of S-rank Nutrient Fluid might not be comparable to what the Flower of Seven Sins was offering its core members. However, it was still much better than what the other superpowers offered to their core members. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

As for how many of Zero Wing’s core members would choose to stay, that would be up to luck.

I can’t afford to waste any more time here.

After ending his call with Su Qianliu, Shi Feng quickly finished the premium nutritious meal the God’s Domain Association delivered to him daily and logged back into God’s Domain. If he wanted Zero Wing to compete with the Flower of Seven Sins and the Greater God’s Domain’s various powers in training resources, he would have to join the Star Lake Legion and receive official participant status as soon as possible.

As soon as Shi Feng returned to the Ancient God Graveyard, he promptly resumed slaughtering the Divine Graveyard Wanderers.

What followed next was eight consecutive days of fighting and exploring. Shi Feng did not log out even once during this period. Aside from killing Divine Graveyard Wanderers, he would spend the rest of his time collecting Legacy Fragments.

On the eighth day of his grind, Shi Feng finally obtained the headpiece for the Blazing Flame Set and completed the eight-piece Dark-Gold Immortal Set. Aside from that, Shi Feng had also risen to Level 125 and collected enough Legacy Fragments to push his accumulated Legacy Power to 90%.

Ad

Normally, players could complete their Tier 4 promotion after their Legacy Power reached the 70% standard. A Legacy Power of 90% would result in a relatively complete Legacy, and it was enough for even Peak Classes to get promoted to Tier 4.

However, Shi Feng did not plan on concluding his Tier 4 promotion so soon.

He only had one opportunity to get promoted to Tier 4. A Legacy Power of 90% might be good, but it wasn’t the limit. So long as he explored deeper into the Legacy Land, he might be able to gather more Legacy Fragments and raise his Legacy Power even further. This, in turn, would let him receive a more complete Legacy.

Hence, Shi Feng planned on exploring the Legacy Land a little longer before deciding whether to accept his Tier 4 Legacy.

I’ve finally collected the last piece. I wonder how much of a boost it will give me.

After taking a look at the complete Blazing Flame Set in his bag, Shi Feng switched it with the Mana Equipment Set he was currently wearing.