Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

What a powerful mana barrier!

The instant Shi Feng equipped the Blazing Flame Set, an invisible connection formed between the eight pitch-black armor pieces lightly decorated with crimson runes, turning them into a single unit. Immediately afterward, the crimson runes drew some of Shi Feng’s mana and used it to form a translucent mana barrier around him.

Meanwhile, the moment the mana barrier took shape, Shi Feng immediately felt it isolating him from the surrounding environment. On top of that, the density of the mana within the barrier increased substantially, the mana seemingly unaffected by the manaless environment outside in the slightest.

Most importantly, once the mana barrier stabilized, Shi Feng could feel the restrictions that the surrounding environment had put on him, weakening significantly, a sense of liberation spreading across his body.

Is this the effect of a Dark-Gold Immortal Set??Shi Feng couldn’t help but look at the Blazing Flame Set he wore in bewilderment.

Ad

He had never equipped a Dark-Gold Immortal Set in his previous life. The best Immortal items he could find on the open market were ordinary Dark-Gold Immortal Weapons and Equipment, and he never saw any point in using such items. After all, even the weakest piece of equipment on him was at the Fragmented Legendary rank.

However, after donning the eight-piece Blazing Flame Set, he could feel his body’s flexibility rising to an entirely different level. The set had even weakened the effect Ancient God’s Arm’s Divine Might had on him.

The Blazing Flame Set’s effects exceeded Shi Feng’s expectations. After taking a moment to digest the Dark-Gold Immortal Set’s effects, Shi Feng took a short break before advancing deeper into the area enveloped by the Ancient God’s Arm’s Divine Might.

Amazing!

Shi Feng couldn’t help but grow a little joyful when he began advancing toward the Ancient God’s Arm.

Originally, he had to allocate most of his mental capacity to defend against the Ancient God’s Arm’s mental attacks. This, in turn, prevented him from using combat techniques at the Advanced Bronze standard. At most, he could just barely execute a Basic Bronze Combat Technique.

Yet, thanks to the Blazing Flame Set, he only needed to allocate half of his mental capacity to defend himself.

However, before Shi Feng could familiarize himself with the Blazing Flame Set’s effects, a party of Divine Graveyard Wanderers noticed his presence and charged at him.

These six Wanderers showed much better coordination than the Wanderers outside the Ancient God’s Arm’s sphere of influence. Not only did they move like a single entity, but they could even use Tier 4 Combination Skills.

For their opening move, the Wanderers bombarded Shi Feng with several dozen mana blades, each blade carrying enough power to destabilize the space here. It should be known that the surrounding space was being held down by the Ancient God’s Arm’s Divine Might. It would take at least a full-powered attack from a Superior Mythic monster to destabilize such a stable space.

Ad

However, Shi Feng remained unfazed when he saw the mana blades raining down on him. On the contrary, he revealed an excited look as he unsheathed the Winter of Eternal Night and the Blasphemer.

Sword’s Orbit!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

A lotus flower made of sword lights bloomed around Shi Feng, and all of the descending mana blades were stopped ten yards away from Shi Feng. The collision between the sword lights and mana blades also created countless sparks and caused the space within a 50-yard radius to tremble violently.

The six Divine Graveyard Wanderers froze at this scene. None of them expected a Tier 3 human to stop their combination attack.

Shatter!

Shi Feng naturally wouldn’t let go of this opportunity. Immediately, he executed Lightshadow with the Winter of Eternal Night and swept the illusory greatsword at the six Wanderers.

When he was directly enveloped by the Ancient God Graveyard’s manaless environment previously, Mana Techniques became a luxury he could not afford to use. However, now that he was protected by the Blazing Flame Set’s mana barrier, not only was he surrounded by mana again, but this mana was even denser than the mana found in the Miniature Ancient World.

As a result, the Lightshadow he now executed exhibited power nearing the Tier 5 standard.

At the end of the day, Heroic Spirits were merely the remnants of deceased Heroes. They weren’t actual Heroes, and they definitely didn’t have the strength to match Dragons of the same tier. Hence, when they were struck by Shi Feng’s Lightshadow, even with their armor dampening some of the Mana Technique’s power, they still lost over ten million HP to the attack.

Moreover, Shi Feng’s attack had also put the Wanderers in a heavily injured state, which caused them to be at an absolute disadvantage when it came to Strength and speed. Now, even without relying on Mana Techniques, Shi Feng could easily strike the Wanderers’ vitals and cause significant damage. Furthermore, as he could now exhibit power at the level of Bronze Combat Techniques with his every move, every attack he landed caused over five million damage to the Wanderers.

Ad

In less than three minutes, the six Level 125 Divine Graveyard Wanderers fell under Shi Feng’s blade, loot appearing all around their corpses.

Shi Feng did not choose to rest after defeating the six Wanderers. After collecting the loot, he promptly resumed his advance toward the Ancient God’s Arm.

The Ancient God’s Arm was constantly unleashing mental attacks at him. Although he had a much easier time defending against these mental attacks now, it still didn’t mean he could shrug them off like nothing. It still drained his Concentration to defend against these mental attacks.

Even if Shi Feng stood still and did nothing, he would run out of Concentration and lose consciousness after four or five hours within the Ancient God’s Arm’s sphere of influence. Meanwhile, losing consciousness in such a dangerous place was no different than a death sentence.

Thankfully, it isn’t as far away as I thought. Four hours should be enough for me to make a round trip.

After advancing for another few hundred yards, Shi Feng couldn’t help but sigh in relief when he saw the Ancient God’s Arm becoming a little bigger. This showed that he was moving closer to the Ancient God’s Arm and that the distance between them wasn’t unimaginably big.

If the distance between him and the Ancient God’s Arm showed no signs of shrinking even after he had run several hundred yards, he definitely couldn’t reach it within two hours even if he had a Tier 4 player’s Movement Speed. In that case, he’d give up on approaching the Ancient God’s Arm without hesitation. After all, there was no guarantee that he could obtain the Ancient God’s Arm even if he could reach it. For all he knew, he might very well be wasting his time.

Ad

So, to ensure he could complete his Tier 4 promotion under the best circumstances, he had to leave enough time to make a return trip. This meant keeping the time he spent advancing toward the Ancient God’s Arm under two hours.

Meanwhile, just like Shi Feng estimated, after advancing wildly for nearly two hours and killing over twenty Divine Graveyard Wanderer parties, Shi Feng finally arrived before the towering Ancient God’s Arm.

Shi Feng was deeply shocked the instant Shi Feng laid eyes on the Ancient God’s Arm.

Although the arm was severely damaged, the information he gleaned from the arm using the Eyes of Reality told him that this arm was akin to a broken God’s Domain. He could also see many World Law Chains binding the arm, every one of these chains carrying enough power to severely wound a Tier 6 God.

It wasn’t hard to imagine how powerful the owner of this arm was. One attack from this person could probably destroy an entire God’s Domain. This person was definitely leagues above Tier 6 Gods.

However, the Ancient God’s Arm wasn’t the only thing in the area. Hovering next to the Ancient God’s Arm was a slumbering female Angel. The Angel was clad in silver armor and had four pairs of pure white wings tucked behind her back.

An eight-winged Valkyrie?!?Shi Feng’s expression sank when he saw the female Angel.

…

[Tia Pollena] (Valkyrie, Tier 4 Lifeform)

Level 125

HP 400,000,000,000

… Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Valkyries were a race born for combat. Meanwhile, the more wings a Valkyrie had, the greater their Life Rating and combat talent would be. Among them, six-winged Valkyries already possessed strength close to rivaling Dragons of the same tier. As for eight-winged Valkyries, they were trickier opponents to deal with than even ordinary Dragons. An eight-winged Valkyrie simply wasn’t an opponent that players could deal with at the same tier.

Ad

…

System: You have discovered the Ancient God’s Arm. Beginning absorption of the Ancient God’s Legacy Power. Estimated time required – 30 seconds.

…

Before Shi Feng could snap out of his daze, the radiance the Ancient God’s Arm radiated began flowing into his body. This, in turn, caused his accumulated Legacy Power to increase rapidly.

90%... 90.5%... 91%...

At the same time, the slumbering eight-winged Valkyrie suddenly opened her eyes. Immediately afterward, Shi Feng felt an aura that could cause even Tier 4 Mythic monsters to tremble, locking onto him.

“Human! How dare you disturb the Almighty Ancient God’s resting place?! Disappear from this world!” Tia Pollena bellowed as she looked down at Shi Feng. Then, she conjured a spear made of silver lightning and threw it at Shi Feng.

Chapter 261 – Eight-Winged Valkyrie