Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 321 - NPC Army

After Kite became Shi Feng’s personal guard, he opened the crystalline bottle and drank the Water of Life within.

When Aqua Rose saw Kite drink the droplet of Water of Life, which cost 300 Gold, she could not hide her pained expression.

As for the other Guild members, they, too, gulped at the sight.

Three hundred Gold!

It was enough to outfit a 20-man team with Secret-Silver Equipment fully. Yet, their Guild Leader spent that 300 gold on an ordinary-looking and crippled NPC. They could not help their envy.

However, Shi Feng paid no attention to the others’ thoughts.

In the past, Drunk Xiao had become a famous character throughout God’s Domain due to his personal guard. Even when countless first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds had offered astronomical prices to purchase this guard, Drunk Xiao refused to sell.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng had only spent 300 Gold to obtain this future Tier 5 Titled Sword Saint. How was this not a worthwhile trade?

Shortly after Kite drank the Water of Life, his body suddenly emitted a bright green light. This light originated from the Water of Life. Not only did it possess frightening healing powers, but it could also remove all abnormal statuses.

A few moments later, Kite’s body expelled a cloud of dark gas, and following its removal, Kite’s originally pale complexion turned rosy red. The right arm that he had lost also began to regenerate at a rate visible to the naked eye.

One minute later, Kite had fully recovered.

“Guild Leader, he...” At this moment, Aqua Rose dared not believe her own eyes. She had long since developed a keen intuition, so she could immediately discover the change in the NPC named Kite.

Although Kite’s clothing was still worn out, the aura he gave off no longer felt depressing; rather, it was refreshing. At this moment, he seemed like a caged lion that had broken out of its confinement, releasing a heaven-shocking roar to let everyone know of its return.

“This is the real him.” Shi Feng laughed.

In the past, Drunk Xiao had gone through great pains for Kite. He had practically bankrupted himself to obtain a droplet of Water of Life.

In this life, however, Shi Feng had easy accomplished Drunk Xiao’s feats. Moreover, Shi Feng had managed to heal Kite while he was still Level 30.

In the past, Drunk Xiao had only managed to obtain the Water of Life after Kite passed Level 100.

Despite having the same Growth Potential, there would be a huge difference in strength between a personal guard nurtured from Level 30 and a personal guard nurtured from Level 100.

“His Growth Potential is as shocking as expected,” Shi Feng could not help but mutter happily when he examined Kite’s data again.

[Kite] (Ye Feng’s Personal Guard)

Gender: Male

Age: 39

Loyalty: 90

Charm: 75

Physique: 95

Wisdom: 88

Growth Potential: 94

Class: Tier 1 Swordsman

Level: 30 Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

HP: 15,400/15,400

Attack Power: 830-960

Defense: 4,500

Attributes: Strength 384, Agility 364, Endurance 420, Intelligence 276, Vitality 280

Kite’s current Attributes were worlds apart from the Attributes he had before he drank the Water of Life.

It seems that taking the Water of Life earlier has also affected his Growth Potential. Shi Feng could recall that Kite’s Growth Potential in the past was 92 points. Now, it was two points higher. After 90 points, even a difference of one point in Growth Potential would create a significant difference regarding Attributes, let alone two points. These additional points would be of immense help to Kite’s growth in the future.

“Kite, take these and use them for now,” issuing his instructions, Shi Feng retrieved several pieces of Level 20 Mysterious-Iron Equipment and passed them to Kite. Although they were somewhat incompatible for the Level 30 Swordsman, they were all Shi Feng had at the moment. After all, Zero Wing had yet to start raiding Level 20 Team Dungeons. They had only raided the Level 20 5-man Party Dungeons.

After Kite equipped the Level 20 Mysterious-Iron items, he appeared valiant and extraordinary. His Attributes also increased significantly. His HP broke through the 18,000 threshold, his Attack Power increased past 1,400 points, and Defense reached 6,000 points. Kite’s Defense far surpassed even Zero Wing’s Chief MT, Cola. Kite was practically a Boss monster now.

“Let’s go. We still have to recruit some more people.” Shi Feng then led everyone to the Mercenary Alliance.

The Mercenary Alliance was the best place for players to recruit normal guards. The NPCs of the Mercenary Alliance were all well-trained, and they were far more reliable than the NPCs players recruited randomly from the streets.

Normal guards were different from personal guards. Players were required to pay for their services, and the prices varied depending on the strength of the NPC. With Shi Feng’s current level, the strongest guards he could recruit were Level 50 Tier 1 NPCs.

A normal Level 50 guard cost 5 Silver Coins per day, and the payment would be due once every ten days.

A Level 50 Tier guard cost 30 Silver Coins per day with payment due once every ten days as well.

The difference between a normal guard and a Tier 1 guard was like the difference between a Common monster and an Elite monster; thus, the price of a Tier 1 guard was six times higher than a normal guard. Some Tier 1 guards that were more powerful would cost even more.

After arriving at the Mercenary Alliance, Shi Feng signed a contract with 48 Level 50 Tier 1 NPCs. Among them, some were melee classes, some were ranged classes, and some were healers. Of the 48 NPCs, there were six NPCs in particular that were more powerful than the others. They were Tier 1 advanced guards, and they cost 50 Silver Coins per day. Shi Feng had hired these guards for one month, and the fee totaled to 468 Gold.

Shi Feng’s financial power completely eclipsed all the Guilds in White River City.

Afterward, Shi Feng led the 48 NPCs and walked through the streets, the group of Level 50 Tier 1 guards looking valiant and mighty. Many players even consciously moved out of the way, not daring to block the path of this small army of powerful NPCs.

“Crap, why are there so many Tier 1 NPCs? Did something happen in White River City?”

“No, look! Some of them aren’t NPCs, but players!”

“Aren’t they members of Zero Wing? Where are they heading?”

The players quickly discovered the problem. This small army of NPCs and the members of Zero Wing were actually together. Moreover, all of these NPCs were Level 50 Tier 1 NPCs. With such a large NPC army, who, in White River City, would dare make an enemy of Zero Wing?

In the face of so many Level 50 Tier 1 NPCs, even Dark Star’s army of tens of thousands of players amounted to nothing. The level suppression alone would leave the players of Dark Star completely helpless. Not to mention, these Tier 1 NPCs also possessed many powerful Skills in their arsenal.

“Zero Wing is too amazing!”

“I heard that Zero Wing is going to recruit members again in three days! I will definitely have to apply!”

The number of players gathered on the street continued to increase, and many started recording this majestic scene. This army of 48 NPCs was more imposing than an army of thousands of players.

The combat power this small army possessed was no weaker than the total battle power of a starting town.

Although nobody knew what relationship this NPC army had with Zero Wing, the fact that Zero Wing could mobilize so many NPCs was already amazing.

Meanwhile, the news of this matter spread quickly, creating a sensation on the official forums and increasing Zero Wing’s fame once more.

The members of Dark Star wore extremely ugly expressions when they discovered about this matter. Deeply afraid that Zero Wing would lead this group of NPCs to attack them, many of Dark Star’s members chose to hide in cities or towns. Some chose to remove their Guild Emblems temporarily and secretly grind monsters.

At the same time, the members of World Dominators were similarly frightened by this news, and they were also hiding, not daring to explore and level up.