Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 295 – Ten Great Paragons

Spatial Destruction?!

When the other members of the Two Saints Alliance’s team saw the cracked space before Shi Feng, they couldn’t help but be stunned and stopped what they were doing.

Space in the Greater God’s Domain was incredibly stable, so it was impossible to destabilize it without having power at the Tier 5 standard. As for shattering it, one would require power at the Tier 5 Intermediate standard to achieve that.

However, Shi Feng’s punch didn’t only shatter the space directly in front of him. Subsequently, the cracks in space could be seen rapidly spreading forward like tendrils and covering the area 20 yards ahead of Shi Feng, each of these spatial tendrils carried power at the Tier 5 Basic standard.

In the blink of an eye, the several dozen spatial tendrils had enveloped the Level 130 Assassins’ three doppelgangers, and following this scene was a loud explosion.

Not only did the three Assassin doppelgangers fail to land any of their attacks on Shi Feng, but two of them even disappeared on the spot. Immediately afterward, a black silhouette flew over 50 yards away from Shi Feng, crashing heavily into a large tree.

When the large tree shattered and fell, silence enveloped the battlefield as everyone stared at Shi Feng in shock.

She calls this an “ordinary” Top Adventurer?

Midsummer felt tricked when she looked at the Tier 4 Assassin that Shi Feng had sent flying.

Despite similarly being a Tier 4 player, Shi Feng had sent a Tier 4 Assassin, who happened to be a Top Adventurer, flying with just a punch from his bare fist. If Shi Feng was considered an ordinary Top Adventurer, there’d be very few ordinary Top Adventurers in the Ancient River Kingdom.

How is this possible…

At this moment, Wu Xiaoxiao was equally dumbfounded by this scene. She never thought Shi Feng would be this strong.

It should be known that the Level 130 Assassin from the Twin Saints Alliance wasn’t just a fourth-floor expert. He was also equipped with three pieces of Fragmented Legendary Equipment. Yet, Shi Feng had sent him flying with just a punch… Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Without the help of a Legendary Weapon or Equipment, only the titled experts standing at the Ancient River Kingdom’s apex could possibly accomplish such a feat…

Reading on Mybo xno vel. com ,Please!

“Do you still want to fight?” Shi Feng asked as he looked toward Uncaring Arrogance indifferently.

Instances of players killing other players for treasure constantly happened in the Greater God’s Domain, so he wasn’t particularly surprised to see Wu Xiaoxiao being hunted down for a Seven Luminaries Teleportation Crystal. What he didn’t expect was to get dragged into one such robbery as soon as he arrived at the Greater God’s Domain.

“This is all a misunderstanding, Sir,” Uncaring Arrogance promptly answered. “We do not wish for any hostilities with you. To apologize for our actions, we are willing to give you 200 units of Seven Luminaries Crystal as compensation.”

“That’s quite sincere of you.” Shi Feng was a little surprised when he heard Uncaring Arrogance’s offer.

Seven Luminaries Crystals remained an important resource even in the Greater God’s Domain since it was necessary for players to get promoted to Tier 6. Meanwhile, 200 units of Seven Luminaries Crystal was already enough to exchange a set of Level 130 Dark-Gold Immortal Equipment.[1]

“I’m glad this satisfies you.” Uncaring Arrogance sighed in relief. Titled experts were essentially hegemons in the kingdom, and offending a titled expert should be left only as a last resort. This was because getting promoted to Tier 6 wasn’t a question for titled experts. The only reason a titled expert would remain at a lower tier was simply because they were looking to establish a better foundation for themselves so that they could make better progress after ascending to Tier 6. “May I ask that you take a short rest for now? We will promptly undo the barrier for you once we are done with our business here.”

As soon as Uncaring Arrogance finished speaking, Midsummer panicked.

“Xiaoxiao, you’re natives of the same world as that guy, right? Can you get him to help us?” Midsummer hurriedly asked Wu Xiaoxiao.

However, Wu Xiaoxiao couldn’t help but reveal a bitter smile when she heard Midsummer’s question.

It was true that she was familiar with the name of Black Flame. After all, he was one of the few God-ranked experts native to the Miniature Ancient World. However, the same could not be said for the other way around…

Just when Wu Xiaoxiao was thinking of trying to ask for help anyway, Shi Feng suddenly shook his head a little.

“One of them is my acquaintance,” Shi Feng said as he looked at Uncaring Arrogance. “If you leave now, I will pretend that nothing happened here today.”

Although he had nothing to do with this matter, he couldn’t just sit by and watch Wu Xiaoxiao get robbed. After all, she was Wu Lingling’s elder sister.

“Sir… I’m afraid…I cannot do that…” Uncaring Arrogance said, shaking his head. “We aren’t the ones looking to acquire the Seven Luminaries Teleportation Crystal. Rather, the one seeking to obtain it is Saint Three, the Twin Saints Alliance’s Spear Zealot.”

“Saint Three? The one who fought Saint Nine to a standstill?” Midsummer couldn’t help but ask when she heard Uncaring Arrogance’s words.

The Twin Saints Alliance had many experts, but only those with extraordinary talent were qualified to refer to themselves as “Saint” in the alliance.

Meanwhile, Saint Nine was a veteran paragon nurtured by the Twin Saints Alliance. Originally, he was one of the peerless individuals with the highest possibility of becoming one of the Twin Saints Alliance’s Twin Saints. However, after fighting the younger Saint Three and concluding the match in a draw, he had no choice but to enter the newly-opened Miniature Ancient World.

What? He fought the God List’s third-ranked player to a standstill??Wu Xiaoxiao was greatly shocked by this news.

Wu Xiaoxiao was not foreign to the name of Saint Nine.

Before she came to the Greater God’s Domain, Saint Nine’s name had already spread across the entire Miniature Ancient World. After all, anyone who saw the God-ranked Expert List would know him. Hence, she knew that Saint Nine wasn’t just your average titled expert. In fact, even ordinary titled experts would last no more than a few moves against Saint Nine.

“That’s right.” Uncaring Arrogance nodded to Midsummer’s question. “If you don’t want to get into trouble, hand over the Seven Luminaries Teleportation Crystal. This will be beneficial to both you and me.”

“...” Midsummer fell into indecision when she heard Uncaring Arrogance’s words.

The Spear Zealot Saint Three was currently one of the Ancient River Kingdom’s Ten Great Paragons. Although he was only at Tier 4, even some Tier 6 God-ranked experts needed to behave respectfully in front of him.

To clash against such an individual, only one of the other Ten Great Paragons had the necessary qualifications. However, the Purple Melody Alliance did not have any Tier 4 experts ranked within the Ancient River Kingdom’s Ten Great Paragons.

Meanwhile, so long as one of these Ten Great Paragons decided to act against a person, there would be no escaping for this person within the Ancient River Kingdom. Even cities could not protect this person from these paragons’ assassination.

When Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao fell silent, Uncaring Arrogance smiled and said to Shi Feng, “Sir, while you might have the strength of a titled expert, there are still quite a few Tier 4 titled experts in the Ancient River Kingdom. However, individuals capable of going up against Lord Saint Three are few and far between. You do not need to offend Lord Saint Three just because of a Seven Luminaries Teleportation Crystal your friend came across.”

Uncaring Arrogance admitted that titled experts were incredibly powerful compared to experts like him and his teammates. However, in front of paragons, titled experts were nothing but a joke.

If not for the World Tower’s fifth floor being impossible to clear[2] and the Seven Luminaries Alliance and the God’s Domain Association being a stickler for rules, paragons would have long since received a new categorization rather than let themselves be considered on the same level as ordinary titled experts.

“Saint Three?” Shi Feng chuckled as he looked at Uncaring Arrogance. “So what if I offend him?”

He had dared to offend even the peerless individuals of apex powers canonized by the Seven Luminaries Alliance during his previous life. He had also clashed against several of them before. Why would he care about the feelings of a young paragon of a measly kingdom?

…

TL Notes:

[1]a set of Level 130 Dark-Gold Immortal Equipment: This isn’t referring to a Dark-Gold Immortal Equipment Set. It is only referring to a mish-mash of Level 130 Dark-Gold Immortal Equipment pieces.

[2]the World Tower’s fifth floor being impossible to clear(如果不是因为世界之塔通过第五层是不可能的):

Uh, I’m not sure if this is referring to the so-called paragons being too weak to conquer the World Tower’s fifth floor or if nobody in the Greater God’s Domain has managed to conquer the fifth floor thus far. The raws for this part are unclear, and none of the later chapters have clarified this point.