Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 296 – Splitting the Sky With One Slash

“Do you know what you are saying, Sir?”

Uncaring Arrogance couldn’t help but doubt his ears when he heard the arrogant words coming out of Shi Feng’s mouth.

Everybody in the Ancient River Kingdom knew about the Spear Zealot Saint Three. He was an existence that even the various hegemonic powers had to treat respectfully.

Normally, so long as Saint Three’s name was brought to the table, nobody in the Ancient River Kingdom would dare to voice any objections.

Saint Three was so influential that many hegemonic powers were willing to go as far as to erase a titled expert’s existence from God’s Domain so long as he wished for it.

As for why the various hegemonic powers were willing to do Saint Three such a huge favor, it was because of his future potential. So long as Saint Three reached Tier 6, he would have limitless potential.

Although the Greater God’s Domain was vast, there was still a limit to the amount of available land. The various powers had never stopped competing over territories in the Greater God’s Domain. Meanwhile, it was common for the various powers to hire outside help when competing over territories.

Not to mention, there were many instances of powers taking control over an entire kingdom or even an entire empire in the Greater God’s Domain by relying on only one paragon-level expert.

Hence, the various powers were very much willing to befriend paragons like Saint Three. If they could get someone like Saint Three to owe them a favor, erasing a titled expert from God’s Domain would be a small price to pay.

So, Uncaring Arrogance couldn’t help but find Shi Feng’s behavior of dismissing Saint Three incomprehensible and insane.

“Xiaoxiao, is that guy really from the same world as you?” Midsummer asked when she heard Shi Feng turning down Uncaring Arrogance’s offer, her eyes filled with envy as she looked at Wu Xiaoxiao.

Not even hegemonic powers would dare to outright disrespect Saint Three. Yet, Shi Feng had done so without hesitation.

Not even the Purple Melody Alliance would dare to do such a thing. The alliance’s higher-ups would definitely have her hand over the Seven Luminaries Teleportation Crystal to curry favor with Saint Three.

Reading on Mybo xn o v el. com ,Please!

So, this is Zero Wing’s Guild Leader??Wu Xiaoxiao also found this situation incredulous. She never thought that Shi Feng would not only know about a small character unrelated to Zero Wing like herself, but would also be willing to help her regardless of the cost.

At this moment, Wu Xiaoxiao suddenly understood why her younger sister was willing to remain in Zero Wing.

It was truly a fortunate matter for a Guild to have such a Guild Leader.

In a world where profits mattered above all else, many powers would not mind sacrificing the personal interests of some of their members in exchange for the entire organization’s interests. Even hegemonic powers were not above such practices.

People like Shi Feng, who was willing to offend powerful existences for the sake of an individual, were exceedingly rare among the various powers.

Meanwhile, after mentally labeling Shi Feng as an unreasonable lunatic. Uncaring Arrogance turned to Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao, coldly saying, “Even if Sir here doesn’t mind, do you two intend on going against Saint Three?”

Uncaring Arrogance knew there was no way to talk sense into a lunatic. Hence, he decided to focus his sights on Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao instead. He refused to believe that even Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao would be willing to oppose Saint Three. So long as Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao were willing to hand over the Seven Luminaries Teleportation Crystal, Shi Feng would no longer have a reason to help them. At that time, he would be able to complete his mission successfully.

“Do we give it to him?”

Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao grew hesitant and worried when they heard Uncaring Arrogance’s words. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

They had intended for the Seven Luminaries Teleportation Crystal to be the capital for their rise in the future. After all, they could teleport between countries once every three days for free. If they could take proper advantage of arbitrage opportunities, the profits they stood to earn would be far greater than what they could earn from working themselves to death out in the fields.

Yet, if they refused to hand over the Seven Luminaries Teleportation Crystal, they would have no future in the Ancient River Kingdom. With Saint Three’s influence in the kingdom, one word for him was enough to get them hunted by the kingdom’s various powers. If they were to leave the Ancient River Kingdom, even Tier 5 and Tier 6 experts would take action…

Subsequently, Midsummer moved her gaze to Wu Xiaoxiao and then to Shi Feng. Then, she reluctantly took out a seven-colored crystal the size of a fist from her bag.

“Wise decision.” Uncaring Arrogance smiled when he saw the Seven Luminaries Teleportation Crystal.

However, as soon as Uncaring Arrogance finished speaking, Shi Feng turned to Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao. Then, in a determined tone, he said, “If you are worried about implicating me, don’t be. I said I would protect you, so I definitely can protect you, and nobody should think of stealing anything from you. However, I will not interfere with your decision. All I can do is give you the freedom to choose.”

As soon as Shi Feng finished speaking, both Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao paused.

If even Shi Feng, the person offering them help, was unconcerned, what more did they have to worry about?

“Have you two lost your minds as well?” When Uncaring Arrogance saw the two girls pausing, his voice gradually grew colder. “Or do you think you can go up against Lord Saint Three?”

Subsequently, Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao looked at each other for a moment. Then, they turned to Uncaring Arrogance and firmly said, “Tell your ‘Lord Saint Three’ to go to hell!”

Uncaring Arrogance was momentarily stunned when he heard the two girls’ response. He never thought that they would dare to make an enemy out of Saint Three.

“Well said!” Shi Feng smiled when he saw the stunned look on Uncaring Arrogance’s face. Then, he looked at Wu Xiaoxiao and Midsummer, saying, “you two should follow me back to the city. Otherwise, it will be difficult for you to make it back alive.”

There were no Return Scrolls in the Greater God’s Domain. Players had to rely on their feet or Mounts to travel between places, and only those incredibly wealthy could afford to travel using Teleportation Scrolls. Because of this, players could be targeted easily out in the fields.

Now that Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao had made an enemy out of Saint Three, they might get surrounded and attacked by other players on their way back. And with the two girls’ abilities, they would have a very hard time defending themselves.

“Thank you, Guild Leader Black Flame,” Wu Xiaoxiao and Midsummer thanked Shi Feng.

“You want to leave?” Uncaring Arrogance sneered when he saw that Shi Feng intended to leave with Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao. “Do you think you can leave this place alive?”

The Threefold Heaven’s Lock could trap even Tier 5 players for a considerable amount of time. Tier 4 players could only wait until the magic array ran out of mana, which would take several hours. Such a long time was enough for him to gather a few dozen teams.

“Let’s go.”

When Shi Feng saw that Midsummer had put away the Seven Luminaries Teleportation Crystal, he tapped on his system interface and spent 200 Legacy Skill Points to learn the Tier 4 Apex Legacy Skill Holy Law. Then, he swung his hand at the nearby magic barrier.

Holy Law!

Suddenly, the land within a 200-yard radius around Shi Feng transformed into a gigantic sword that measured several hundred meters in length. Then, following the movement of Shi Feng’s hand, the gigantic sword slashed down at the barrier.

Boom!

The barrier was instantly bisected, and the blue sky again appeared before everyone’s eyes…

Uncaring Arrogance slumped to the ground, a look of utter disbelief on his face as he looked at the vanishing threefold magic barrier. He did not react in the slightest, even as Shi Feng had slowly left with Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao on his Mount.

“It…broke…?”

…

TL Notes:

[Holy Law] (Action-type)

Requires: Sword

Tier 4 Apex Legacy Skill

Integrate your weapon with the world and transform every object within a 200-yard radius into your weapon. All weapon bonuses will be increased by 100%.

Duration: 10 seconds

Cooldown: 1 minute

…

(I removed the Skill’s description from the chapter and moved it here since it was just a copy-paste from Chapter 263 and kinda breaks immersion.)