Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 299 – Astonishing Primal Ore Vein

Primal Ore Vein’s miniature world:

“Incredible!”

As soon as Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao stepped out of the space-time passage, they were immediately shocked and awed by the sight before them.

The Primal Ore Vein’s miniature world was a magnificent mountain range sitting under the starry sky. Meanwhile, sparkling Seven Luminaries Crystals could be seen all over the mountain range. At first glance, it was as if the mountain range was made up of Seven Luminaries Crystals.

“So, this is the world formed by a Primal Ore Vein?”

When Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao looked at the scene before them, they more or less understood why even upper-ranking hegemonic powers would do everything they could to seize any Primal Ore Vein they came across.

However, seizing a Primal Ore Vein was incredibly difficult.

Unlike other ore veins found in the fields, Primal Ore Veins were located inside isolated miniature worlds, and only those with the key could enter these miniature worlds.

Although the key wasn’t a bound item, it wouldn’t necessarily drop just because its owner was killed, either. Not to mention, the key didn’t need to be kept in a player’s bag space. Players were free to store it wherever they wanted. So, it was nigh-impossible for even upper-ranking hegemonic powers to seize a Primal Ore Vein by force.

This was also why the various powers highly desired Primal Ore Veins.

Owning a Primal Ore Vein would be equivalent to owning a stable supply of Seven Luminaries Crystals. Powers wouldn’t have to worry about this supply getting snatched, and they wouldn’t have to send large amounts of manpower to protect it. All they needed to do was to store the key in a safe and hidden location.

In the Greater God’s Domain, some powers would even be willing to trade a fully occupied Elementary God’s Domain for a Primal Ore Vein.

An entire Elementary God’s Domain!

It should be known that the average hegemonic power would only have one fully occupied Elementary God’s Domain. In other words, one Primal Ore Vein was essentially equivalent to all of an ordinary hegemonic power’s assets.

Shi Feng sighed in relief when he saw the state of the Primal Ore Vein.

Although nearly half the entire mountain range was damaged, looking like something had pierced it, the mountain range’s ambient mana was incredibly dense. Meanwhile, the density of a Primal Ore Vein’s ambient mana directly correlated to the amount of Seven Luminaries Crystals it could produce each day. The denser the mana a Primal Ore Vein could generate, the greater the volume of Seven Luminaries Crystals it could produce.

Fortunately, despite being damaged, the density of the mountain range’s ambient mana was only slightly lower than an intact Primal Ore Vein’s ambient mana. So, harvesting 10,000 units of Seven Luminaries Crystals within six days shouldn’t be out of the question.

“We’re limited on time, so let’s begin right away. If you get tired, return to the room to rest immediately; don’t push yourselves. Otherwise, it’s going to affect your mining efficiency,” Shi Feng said to the two girls before promptly approaching a nearby Seven Luminaries Crystal.

The process of mining ores in God’s Domain was simple. No particular Skills were required. Players only needed to have the appropriate mining tools. Although mining tools would lose durability with use, players would receive Mining Proficiency in return. Meanwhile, the higher a player’s Mining Proficiency, the more efficient they could mine ores.

Compared to mining ores, locating the ores themselves was the biggest problem.

It was especially true for players looking to mine Seven Luminaries Crystals. Because of their rarity and preciousness, searching for naturally-occurring Seven Luminaries Crystals in a vast mountain range was an incredibly troublesome process.

The good thing was that most of the Primal Ore Vein’s Seven Luminaries Crystals were located on the surface. This significantly reduced the mining difficulty, and they should be able to mine at high efficiency even with only three people.

When Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao saw Shi Feng going into action, they grew excited and went to work as well.

Seven Luminaries Crystals were a hard currency in God’s Domain. They were much more valuable than even Gold Mana Coins. Although rumors stated that one Gold Mana Coin was just as valuable as one unit of Seven Luminaries Crystal, players would usually have to spend ten Gold Mana Coins just to buy one unit of Seven Luminaries Crystal. Even then, rarely would anybody be willing to sell their Seven Luminaries Crystals at such a price.

After all, rather than sell Seven Luminaries Crystals for a bunch of coins, it’d be much better to use the crystals to hire Tier 5 and Tier 6 experts. With just 5,000 units of Seven Luminaries Crystals, one could hire the services of a Tier 6 expert for one month.

So long as they had several Tier 6 experts guarding them, not even the Ancient River Kingdom’s six ruling hegemonic powers would risk attacking them unless absolutely necessary.

In a sense, Seven Luminaries Crystals were power in the Greater God’s Domain. Some international merchant alliances in the Greater God’s Domain could even destroy entire kingdoms or stand toe-to-toe with upper-ranking hegemonic powers by relying only on the Seven Luminaries Crystals they earned.

A moment later, Shi Feng arrived before a Seven Luminaries Crystal and began mining it carefully. Then, thirty seconds later, the large crystal transformed into a finger-sized crystal that held two units of Seven Luminaries Crystal. At the same time, the sound of a system notification also entered his ears. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

…

System: Mining Proficiency +10, Apprentice Miner (10/2,000). Obtained 0.5% EXP.

…

How lucrative. Each crystal mined grants 0.5% EXP. Leveling up here will be at least ten times faster than leveling up outside. No wonder the various upper-ranking hegemonic powers’ and apex powers’ geniuses can level up so quickly.?Shi Feng was surprised when he read the system notification.

Upon reaching Level 120, even Tier 4 experts would need two or three days to level up once. Moreover, this time would only increase as players reached even higher levels.

Yet, now, he obtained 0.5% EXP just from mining Seven Luminaries Crystals once in the Primal Ore Vein. This place was paradise for players seeking to level up.

When Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao finished mining their first Seven Luminaries Crystal, they, too, were dumbfounded by the rewards they got.

If they were given 0.5% EXP for each Seven Luminaries Crystal they mined, they would only need to mine 200 crystals to level up. This was simply unbelievable.

It should be known that leveling up in the fields was an incredibly tedious process. However, even peerless geniuses couldn’t avoid this process. After all, geniuses might possess great talent, but they could only become a powerhouse if they had the necessary level. Without reaching a certain level, players couldn’t even get promoted to higher tiers.

If geniuses could spend less time grinding for levels, they could spend more time developing their techniques or searching for better weapons, equipment, and Legacies. They also wouldn’t have to worry about dying.

It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that the value of the Primal Ore Vein’s leveling benefit was comparable to the Seven Luminaries Crystals it produced.

After discovering this unexpected benefit, Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao began mining with even greater enthusiasm.

Although neither of them was in a hurry to get promoted to Tier 5, the sooner they reached Level 140, the more time they would have to spend on creating a strong Mana Body. This, in turn, would give them a greater advantage after they reached Tier 5. After all, an integral part of a Tier 5 player’s strength was the Mana Body they created.

The strength of a Mana Body Tier 5 players created for themselves would affect their combat power significantly. Depending on the quality of the Mana Body created, the difference between two Tier 5 players could be as large as the difference between a Tier 3 player and a Tier 4 player.

Subsequently, time passed by rapidly. Half a day had already gone by in the blink of an eye, and Shi Feng’s group of three had harvested all of the Seven Luminaries Crystals they could find in the mountain range’s inner and outer zones. The trio harvested 2,100 units of Seven Luminaries Crystals in total. This far exceeded the total daily income of the Ancient River Kingdom’s superpowers. At the same time, the trio also saw their levels increasing by two. More specifically, Shi Feng and Midsummer had reached Level 131, while Wu Xiaoxiao had reached Level 129.

However, mining was very Stamina-demanding. Even Shi Feng, with his Basic Attributes that rivaled Superior Mythic monsters, had to stop and rest after mining for half a day.

Unlike Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao, Shi Feng did not choose to enjoy the free meals that came with the VIP room while waiting for his Stamina to recover. Instead, he chose to log out of the game to rest his mind.

…

God’s Domain Association:

When Shi Feng returned to the real world, he was greeted by a series of message alerts before he could even get out of his virtual gaming cabin. He received well over a hundred messages, and they were sent to him from more than a dozen people.

Did something happen?

When Shi Feng looked at his unread messages, he saw that the majority of them came from Su Qianliu and Hidden Soul. Each of them had sent him more than 30 messages consecutively, so something urgent must have happened.