Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3233 - Chapter 307 - Peerless Duo

As soon as Lightning Chaser finished speaking, the surrounding atmosphere instantly tensed up.

Midsummer\'s and Wu Xiaoxiao\'s expressions turned a little ugly when they heard Lightning Chaser\'s words, chilly even.

When the female Cleric and male Ranger on the same party as Lightning Chaser thought of dissuading the young Swordsman and neutralizing this awkward situation, they suddenly noticed the lack of an Adventurer\'s Emblem on Shi Feng, and they immediately kept their mouths shut.

The Greater God\'s Domain was a world where the strong preyed upon the weak.

Even if they helped resolve this awkward situation for Shi Feng, so long as he remained with Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao, he would continue coming across similar situations afterward. After all, Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao possessed beauty and temperaments that could make even beautiful women grow envious. On top of that, Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao also possessed great talent. Even the heirs of the Greater World\'s corporations would deem them worthy partners.

Had Shi Feng worn a Golden Leaf Emblem, he could more or less stand on the same playing field as them. In that case, they could have considered doing him a favor and helping him out of this awkward situation.

However, it simply wasn\'t worthwhile for them to offend Lightning Chaser, a titled expert, for someone who wasn\'t even at the fourth-floor standard.

Moreover, it was evident that Lightning Chaser was only behaving so arrogantly because he had noticed the lack of a Golden Leaf Emblem on Shi Feng.

"That won\'t be necessary, Vice Commander Chaser," Midsummer said, her voice taking on a chilly tone. She could naturally tell that Lightning Chaser intended to exclude Shi Feng. "We have already formed a party with Brother Black Flame. We don\'t need to join any other parties."

As for Wu Xiaoxiao, she couldn\'t even be bothered to respond to Lightning Chaser.

Midsummer had spent a considerable amount of time in the Purple Melody Alliance already. She also more or less belonged to the same generation as Lightning Chaser and Desolate Fury. So, she was obliged to humor them a little. However, it was a different story for Wu Xiaoxiao. She had only joined the Purple Melody Alliance recently. She wasn\'t familiar with Lightning Chaser, either.

Black Flame?Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

When Desolate Fury heard Midsummer mentioning Shi Feng, he couldn\'t help but feel as if he had heard about it before. However, he failed to recall who exactly Shi Feng was.

"Don\'t be so quick to refuse, Midsummer. I\'m inviting you two into our party for your sakes," Lightning Chaser nonchalantly said. Then, he briefly glanced at Shi Feng before turning back to Midsummer, smiling as he continued, "The Twin Saints Alliance\'s Saint Three is indignant over your actions, and the kingdom\'s various powers are all keeping their eyes out for you to get into Saint Three\'s good graces. The various powers\' experts will definitely target you two during the competition, so it\'s going to be very difficult for you two to get into the top 100 and attract the various corporations\' attention.

"However, so long as you join our party, the various powers\' experts will more or less hold back out of respect for Commander Fury and me. This will greatly increase your chances of entering the top 100."

Lightning Chaser was very confident in his party.

Aside from Desolate Fury, Lightning Chaser was also one of the Myriad Forest Empire\'s top 100 geniuses. Specifically, he was ranked 98th.

Saint Three might not show them any respect, but the Ancient River Kingdom\'s other powers would more or less have to respect them.

"Respect?" Midsummer couldn\'t help but chuckle at Lightning Chaser\'s words. "Xiaoxiao and I don\'t need your help. Moreover, Xiaoxiao and I aren\'t aiming for the top 100."

"You\'re not aiming for the top 100?\' Lightning Chaser was a little surprised.

Now that Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao had angered Saint Three, their only hope of surviving his wrath was to get within the Rookie Competition\'s top 100. If they could get within the top 100, it would more or less deter the Ancient River Kingdom\'s various powers from interfering in their feud with Saint Three.

Dealing with the Twin Saints Alliance wouldn\'t be a problem, either. After all, the Purple Melody Alliance wasn\'t a pushover. So long as Midsummer and Wu Xiaoxiao could enter the Rookie Competition\'s top 100, the alliance would definitely view them with much greater importance. The alliance might even mobilize a Tier 6 Elder to protect them long-term.

"That\'s right. Our goal isn\'t to be in the top 100," Wu Xiaoxiao suddenly said. "Instead, it is to get into the overall rankings\' top 10!"

"Top 10?" Lightning Chaser couldn\'t help but chuckle when he heard Wu Xiaoxiao\'s statement. "Do you know what kind of people is competing for the top 10 spots, Xiaoxiao? Not even the commander can confidently say he can get into the top 10."

Aside from Lightning Chaser, even the female Cleric and male Ranger on his party couldn\'t help but shake their heads and chuckle at Wu Xiaoxiao\'s declaration.

Although the Rookie Competition wasn\'t a direct competition of combat power but a competition to see who could survive the longest in the Ancient River Secret Land\'s central zone instead, those seeking to get into the competition\'s top 10 would still need to have a certain degree of combat power.

Wu Xiaoxiao and Midsummer could indeed be considered powerful experts in the Ancient River Kingdom. However, the Rookie Competition was a gathering of geniuses. In this competition, Wu Xiaoxiao could only be considered average. As for Midsummer, although she had already reached the fourth-floor standard, it remained unknown whether she could even get into the preliminaries\' top 100.

As for the top 10?

When the female Cleric and male Ranger initially received the Purple Melody Alliance\'s priority training, they had indeed thought of themselves as the strongest geniuses in the Ancient River Kingdom. However, after participating in the kingdom\'s Rookie Competition time and again as well as fighting against the Myriad Forest Empire\'s geniuses, they realized they were merely in a fool\'s dream.

The truly peerless geniuses had never been fighting on the same level as they were since the very beginning.

Evidently, the current Wu Xiaoxiao had yet to wake up from her fantasy.

"Setting all other factors aside, do you know what\'s the minimum your Mana Body\'s Completion Rate must be at if you wish to get into the top 10, Xiaoxiao?" Lightning Chaser asked rhetorically. " 115%! Moreover, this is only the bare minimum! In past competitions, the average Completion Rate of the top 10 rankers\' Mana Bodies is 117%.

"105%？"

"And what about your Mana Body\'s Completion Rate? Is it at 105%? Or has it reached 110%?"

In Lightning Chaser\'s opinion, Wu Xiaoxiao was certainly talented. However, in her current state, she should hit her limit after reaching 110%. After all, it wasn\'t easy to develop an Epic Mana Body.

Take Midsummer, for example. Even after receiving plenty of resources from the Purple Melody Alliance, her Epic Mana Body\'s Completion Rate remained at 110%. She\'d have to thank the heavens if she could reach 112% in the future.

It should be known that even Desolate Fury, the Purple Melody Alliance\'s number one genius, had only developed his Epic Mana Body to a Completion Rate of 116%. This was why Lightning Chaser had said that even Desolate Fury couldn\'t confidently say that he could get into the Rookie Competition\'s top 10.

"105%? 110%?"

Wu Xiaoxiao smiled when she heard Lightning Chaser\'s guesses. Immediately afterward, the intensity of her aura increased by several times. The surrounding mana also swarmed her as if they had just found their home, causing the density of her surrounding mana to increase rapidly.

Gas…

Liquid…

Even after the mana around Wu Xiaoxiao had thoroughly condensed into a liquid state, its density still did not stop increasing.

Boom!

Suddenly, the mana surrounding Wu Xiaoxiao seemingly exploded like a geyser as it shot into the sky, attracting everyone\'s attention.

While this phenomenon was occurring, Wu Xiaoxiao calmly looked at Lightning Chaser and asked, "Take a guess and see what my Mana Body\'s Completion Rate is."