Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3234 - Chapter 308 - Gap

Chapter 308 – Gap

“115%?”

Lightning Chaser couldn’t help but be dumbfounded as he looked at the pillar of mana rising from Wu Xiaoxiao.

In the Greater God’s Domain, forming a pillar with one’s mana was not a feat players could achieve with only a 110% Epic Mana Body. Typically, players would need an Epic Mana Body that had reached a 115% Completion Rate to accomplish such a feat.

115%!

!!

This was the goal countless geniuses in the Greater God’s Domain sought to achieve.

Even Lightning Chaser, a top 100 genius in the Myriad Forest Empire, had only managed to develop his Epic Mana Body to a Completion Rate of 114% thus far. Moreover, he was already stuck at this threshold for many months and wasn’t even certain if he could ever break into the 115% threshold in the future.

Every 5% of a Mana Body’s Completion Rate was a major threshold. The 115% threshold was even a monumental threshold that separated geniuses from peerless geniuses. So long as a genius could develop an Epic Mana Body to a Completion Rate of 115%, they would become a hot commodity for the various hegemonic powers. Some corporations might even extend an olive branch to them.

This was because only peerless geniuses could create a powerful Mana Body and gain strength rivaling NPC Demigods when they got promoted to Tier 5 in the future. Some of the more powerful peerless geniuses could even fight against Tier 6 Divine Monsters without the help of any Legendary Weapons or Equipment.

So long as these peerless geniuses reached Tier 6, every one of them would become a highly influential figure in the Greater God’s Domain. They would also stand far above ordinary Tier 6 experts.

“No, it’s not 115%!” Desolate Fury suddenly said. Even he had needed a moment to react to this unexpected development. “Her Mana Body’s Completion Rate should have already reached…the legendary 120%!”

“120%?” Lightning Chaser couldn’t help but doubt his ears when he heard Desolate Fury’s words. “Are you joking with me, Commander?”

How long had it been since Wu Xiaoxiao joined the Purple Melody Alliance?

It should be known that Wu Xiaoxiao hadn’t even reached Tier 4 when she joined the alliance. Her combat standard also wasn’t at the third-floor standard at the time.

Yet, now, he was being told that Wu Xiaoxiao had already developed her Epic Mana Body to the legendary 120%?

The female Cleric and male Ranger were similarly shocked by this revelation.

An Epic Mana Body with a 120% Completion Rate was akin to a legend in the Greater God’s Domain. Even Saint Three, a genius highly regarded by the Ancient River Kingdom’s various powers, had only managed to develop his Epic Mana Body to a 119% Completion Rate thus far. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

There might only be a 1% difference between 119% and 120%, but the actual gap was like heaven and earth.

One could only remain a peerless genius in a kingdom, while the other would be regarded as a legend in the Greater God’s Domain.

“There should be no mistake,” Desolate Fury said definitively as he looked at the mana pillar roughly 100 meters tall. “The last time I met Saint Three, the mana pillar he revealed only reached a height of roughly 60 meters, and he wasn’t holding back at the time. Aside from her Mana Body’s Completion Rate reaching 120%, I can’t think of any other explanation for why her mana pillar can reach such a height.”

Mana was greatly restricted in the Greater God’s Domain, so extending a Mana Domain was extremely challenging for players. Getting mana to expand naturally and explosively was also an incredibly difficult task.

Normally, even with a 115% Epic Mana Body, a player could, at best, produce a mana pillar of roughly 20 meters in height. Afterward, each subsequent increase of 1% in Completion Rate would result in a height increase of around 10 meters. So, even if Wu Xiaoxiao’s Epic Mana Body was at a 119% Completion Rate, it shouldn’t be possible for her to produce a mana pillar that reached 100% meters in height.

However, it was a different story if her Mana Body was at the legendary 120% Completion Rate. The Mana Body would undergo a qualitative transformation every 5%, so if Wu Xiaoxiao’s Mana Body had reached the 120% Completion Rate, it would make sense that she could produce such a tall mana pillar.

Meanwhile, the appearance of Wu Xiaoxiao’s mana pillar also startled the other players in the plaza.

…

“A mana pillar! Her Mana Body’s Completion Rate has reached 115%?!”

“You country-bumpkin! Can you not see how tall that mana pillar is?! Do you think that’s something a 115% Mana Body can produce?!”

“Heavens! That mana pillar’s nearly 100 meters tall! A legend! She’s a legend! I can’t believe I get to see a legend in person!”

“Holy crap! A 120% Mana Body! Who is this beauty?!”

Many of the players present failed to comprehend the situation even after seeing the spectacular mana pillar that rose nearly 100 meters into the sky. However, when some of the more well-informed players saw the mana pillar, their eyes nearly fell out of their sockets. At the same time, they also wondered if Wu Xiaoxiao was the paragon of some upper-ranking hegemonic power or a paragon nurtured internally by a conglomerate.

“Wu Xiaoxiao? Isn’t she one of the people who had offended Saint Three?” An expert with a Master-ranked Identification Skill quickly uncovered Wu Xiaoxiao’s information, and he couldn’t help but be shocked by what he saw. “Wasn’t she supposed to be a newcomer in the Purple Melody Alliance?”

A 120% Epic Mana Body! Madness! This is madness! Why is the Purple Melody Alliance staying silent toward Saint Three’s behavior?! How can Purple Melody treat such a peerless paragon like this?! A corporation’s observer wore an incredulous look on his face as he looked at the mana rising from Wu Xiaoxiao. This won’t do! I have to meet with the president right away! We must pull this talent into the corporation before the upper-ranking hegemonic powers learn about her!

At the same time, the hidden observers of several other corporations and hegemonic powers also promptly contacted their superiors, afraid they would miss this perfect opportunity to recruit Wu Xiaoxiao.

A legend!

So long as Wu Xiaoxiao was nurtured properly, she would definitely become a big shot capable of standing at the very top of the Greater God’s Domain. The amount of assistance she could provide to a power would surpass even an entire Elementary God’s Domain. After all, only Tier 6 experts of such caliber could have any speaking rights near the heart of the Greater God’s Domain.

…

While all of this was taking place, Midsummer looked at Lightning Chaser’s dazed expression and smiled, asking, “Do we have the qualifications to compete for the top 10 spots now, Vice Commander Chaser?”

“We?” Lightning Chaser snapped out of his daze and looked at Midsummer. Then, realization seemingly dawned upon he asked with a stunned expression, “Don’t tell me you are also…”

Lightning Chaser knew that Midsummer would always speak concisely. She would never use words indiscriminately.

If Wu Xiaoxiao was the only person to have developed her Epic Mana Body to a 120% Completion Rate, Midsummer would, at most, say that Wu Xiaoxiao could compete for the top 10 spots. Yet, Midsummer had used the word “we.”

In other words, aside from Wu Xiaoxiao, Midsummer had also developed her Mana Body to 120%?

Two 120% Epic Mana Bodies?

Was this possible?

Looking at Lightning Chaser’s stunned expression, Midsummer revealed a wicked smile and slowly said:

“What do you think?”