Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3235 - Chapter 309 - Rookie Competition Begins

Chapter 309 – Rookie Competition Begins

Impossible! This is impossible!

When Lightning Chaser saw Midsummer’s smile, his mind instantly went into denial, thinking that Midsummer must be fooling him.

Midsummer was not Wu Xiaoxiao.

Wu Xiaoxiao was a newcomer who had only recently joined the Purple Melody Alliance. He didn’t have a particularly good understanding of Wu Xiaoxiao, so even though he found it shocking that she was talented enough to develop a 120% Epic Mana Body, it wasn’t outside the realm of possibilities.

!!

However, Midsummer had joined the Purple Melody Alliance in roughly the same generation as he did. They were former rivals, so he understood her talent and standards well. Even developing an Epic Mana Body with a 115% Completion Rate was impossible for her, let alone one with the legendary 120% Completion Rate.

It had only been some days since they had last met. There was no way he would believe that Midsummer had managed to refine her Epic Mana Body to a 120% Completion Rate in such a short time. Not even in her dreams would this be possible.

While Lightning Chaser was stuck in a cycle of confusion and denial, a threefold magic array suddenly appeared above the temple. The magic array was massive, covering not only the temple but also the entire plaza outside the temple. Immediately afterward, some players in the plaza received a system notification.

…

System: Participant 1,642,762, the preliminaries will begin soon. Please enter the designated teleportation magic array in the order of your number.

… Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The preliminaries have started, Midsummer. Let’s head over,” Shi Feng said to Midsummer after looking at the system notification before him. Then, he walked to one of the several dozen magic arrays that had appeared in the middle of the plaza, showing no interest whatsoever in Lightning Chaser’s thoughts.

Midsummer nodded in response. Then, ignoring Lightning Chaser, she bid Desolate Fury, the female Cleric, and the male Ranger goodbye before running after Shi Feng.

“She dares to ignore me?” Lightning Chaser immediately felt anger rising within him when he saw Midsummer leaving.

As one of the peerless geniuses nurtured by the Purple Melody Alliance, he had a limitless future ahead of him. Normally, countless female players would flock to him. Although Midsummer was talented, she wasn’t unique. Several of his female admirers could easily match her.

Yet, now, Midsummer had chosen to ignore him!

“You ignored her friend, so it’s only natural she will take such an attitude with you,” Desolate Fury said, rolling his eyes. “You’ve gone too far this time. You might have finally gained the Extreme Eagle Corporation’s recognition and become an official successor, but Midsummer’s future achievements and status definitely wouldn’t be beneath yours.”

The female Cleric and male Ranger nodded, agreeing with Desolate Fury’s words.

Lightning Chaser indeed possessed very high status in the real world. Previously, his status as one of the Extreme Eagle Corporation’s young masters was already enough to cause many hegemonic powers to fawn over him. Now that he had become one of the Extreme Eagle Corporation’s official successors, his status in the real world had risen even further.

However, the Ancient River Kingdom’s Rookie Competition this year differed from past Rookie Competitions. It was one of the grandest Rookie Competitions the kingdom had ever held in its long history.

Meanwhile, this was all because of the Galaxy Conglomerate, one of the Starlight Realm’s top conglomerates!

The Galaxy Conglomerate had recently announced an assembly to all kingdoms and empires in the Starlight Realm. This assembly was targeted at young Tier 4 and Tier 5 experts under the age of 35, and the conglomerate intended to extend its invitation to 300 players of each tier of the two tiers.

For those fortunate enough to receive an invitation, not only would they gain the Galaxy Conglomerate’s precious silver membership, but they could also gain permanent access to Galaxy City, which was the Starlight Realm’s holy land for business and the Galaxy Corporation’s main headquarters.

Setting aside Galaxy City, a place where countless players sought to enter, just the opportunity to acquire the Galaxy Conglomerate’s silver membership was already enough to tempt countless players into action.

In the real world, anyone who possessed the Galaxy Conglomerate’s silver membership could essentially waltz around in the Greater World’s various cities as if they owned the place. Even then, the various corporations based in these cities would still have to show them a certain degree of respect.

Under normal circumstances, even the helmsman of corporations would have to go through great difficulties to acquire the Galaxy Conglomerate’s silver membership.

Yet, the Galaxy Conglomerate was giving away 600 silver membership slots for its assembly this time. One could easily imagine how intense the competition to join the assembly would be.

However, according to insider information their party received, anyone who managed to get into the top 20 of the Ancient River Kingdom’s Rookie Competition this time could skip the preliminaries to join the assembly and get promoted straight into the official competition. This was a huge boon to Tier 4 players seeking to obtain the Galaxy Conglomerate’s silver membership.

It should be known that the Starlight Realm was massive. Setting aside the many God’s Domains that existed in the Starlight Realm, just the kingdoms and empires in the Realm numbered over a thousand. So, nobody knew how many under-35 Tier 4 experts there were in the Starlight Realm.

The Tier 4 players participating in the Ancient River Kingdom’s Rookie Competition this time consisted of only a small portion of the kingdom’s Tier 4 youths. Even so, the number of participants had still exceeded one million. As for the other Tier 4 youths, they had already participated in past Rookie Competitions and joined the various powers, so they no longer needed to participate in the Rookie Competition.

However, once the Galaxy Conglomerate’s official selection began, it wouldn’t even be strange to see over ten million participants coming from the Ancient River Kingdom.

A thousand kingdoms would mean ten million participants. Not to mention, there were still the bigger and stronger empires.

Yet, the Tier 4 category of the Galaxy Conglomerate’s official competition would only be open to 100,000 participants. After deducting the slots reserved for the various kingdoms and empires, there wouldn’t be many left for those participating in the preliminaries.

If players couldn’t get their hands on any of the various kingdoms’ and empires’ reserve slots, the difficulty of getting into the official competition would increase exponentially.

Meanwhile, it was precisely because they had received insider information about the Galaxy Conglomerate’s plans for the Ancient River Kingdom’s Rookie Competition that their party had come to participate in a competition that normally wouldn’t benefit them.

Now that the Completion Rate of Midsummer’s Mana Body had already reached 120%, she could absolutely achieve excellent results in the Galaxy Corporation’s official selection. And if she were lucky and got into the top 300, her status would instantly skyrocket. At that time, even the Extreme Eagle Conglomerate would have to show her respect.

“Hmph! So what if her Mana Body’s Completion Rate has reached 120%?” Lightning Chaser curled his lips in disdain. “She might receive significant improvements from it, but whether she can even get into the top 20 remains uncertain.”

Surprisingly, Desolate Fury did not rebuke Lightning Chaser’s words this time.

As Lightning Chaser said, it remained uncertain whether Midsummer could even get into the Rookie Competition’s top 20, let alone the top 10. This was because even a Mana Body that had reached a 120% Completion Rate could only provide players with a limited increase in strength. Rather than a representation of strength, a 120% Mana Body was more of a representation of a player’s future potential.

If it was before the Galaxy Conglomerate had announced its assembly a month ago, Midsummer would have had a very good chance at entering the Rookie Competition’s top 10. However, because of the Galaxy Conglomerate’s announcement and its subsequent arrangement for the Rookie Competition, many geniuses from the neighboring kingdoms and empires had also come to compete for the Rookie Competition’s top 20 positions. This situation drastically increased the Rookie Competition’s intensity.

The competition was so fierce that even Desolate Fury wasn’t confident he could get into the top 20.

While Desolate Fury and Lightning Chaser were talking, the female Cleric standing beside them looked up at translucent magic mirrors that had appeared above the plaza. Then, she suddenly pointed at one of the mirrors and said:

“Commander! Midsummer seems to have gotten into a precarious situation!”

Shown in the magic mirror the Cleric pointed at was Midsummer in her icy-blue robe. Aside from Midsummer, another player was shown in the same mirror, and this player was a titled expert from the Myriad Forest Empire.

…

TL Notes:

Made some changes in Chapter 294:

Original:

“icy-green robe” and “icy-green hat”

Changed:

“icy-blue robe” and “icy-blue hat”