Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3293 - Chapter 367 - Unbelievable Fortune

Chapter 367 – Unbelievable Fortune

Shi Feng was at a loss for words as he looked at the two items in his hands.

As expected of the Divine Seal Saint’s favorite son. This degree of wealth is enough to put even upper-ranking hegemonic powers to shame…

Out of the two items Dira dropped, one of them was a pouch with ancient runes covering it. When Shi Feng saw this pouch, mixed feelings filled his heart.

An Inferior Legendary Spatial Bag!

!!

Indeed!

One of the two dropped items was an Inferior Legendary Spatial Bag, something Shi Feng had never owned, even in his previous life.

In the Greater God’s Domain, Epic Spatial Bags were more or less regarded as the highest-ranked spatial bag players could get their hands on. Meanwhile, the value of Epic Spatial Bags could rival Fragmented Legendary items.

Epic Spatial Bags were highly valuable because they could store non-bag space items like Seven Luminaries Crystals. So long as players had an Epic Spatial Bag, they could carry these non-bag space items through teleportation arrays, drastically improving the efficiency of transporting these items.

Even so, Epic Spatial Bags had limited storage space. Generally, an Epic Spatial Bag could only hold up to 100 non-bag space items. If all this space was used to store Seven Luminaries Crystals, an Epic Spatial Bag could carry one million units.

Because of this, players couldn’t transport a large amount of non-bag space items like merchant caravans simply by relying on one, or even several, Epic Spatial Bags.

However, it was a different story for Inferior Legendary Spatial Bags. The capacity of one was on par with a medium-sized Guild Warehouse. In other words, it could store up to 1,000 non-bag space items or 10,000,000 units of Seven Luminaries Crystal. One Inferior Legendary Spatial Bag could already rival the cargo load of a small merchant caravan in the Greater God’s Domain.

Because of this, Inferior Legendary Spatial Bags were astronomical in value. It was even more valuable than Legendary Weapons. At the same time, Inferior Legendary Spatial Bags were incredibly rare, and there did not exist more than 20 of them in the entire Starlight Realm. Moreover, this was after many years of accumulation in the Starlight Realm.

So, for Dira to have one showed just how much the Divine Seal Saint loved his youngest son.

However, compared to the Inferior Legendary Spatial Bag, the bag’s contents were even more shocking.

Seven Luminaries Crystals!

A huge amount of Seven Luminaries Crystals!

More specifically, 1.31 million units of Seven Luminaries Crystal. Even upper-ranking hegemonic powers would drool over such an amount. This amount was probably already enough to match an ordinary hegemonic power’s entire stockpile.

After all, many situations in the Greater God’s Domain required the use of Seven Luminaries Crystal. Aside from letting Tier 5 players get promoted to Tier 6, Seven Luminaries Crystals were also needed to help Tier 6 players recover after death. So, it wasn’t easy to accumulate Seven Luminaries Crystals.

Meanwhile, aside from Seven Luminaries Crystals, the spatial bag also contained twenty-nine God Crystals and five Bronze Warships. This was wealth that the Miniature Ancient World’s hegemonic powers could only dream of owning.

It seems Dira has exploited the various hegemonic powers quite a lot, Shi Feng thought as he looked at all the Seven Luminaries Crystals and God Crystals in the Inferior Legendary Spatial Bag. There was no way this astonishing wealth came from the Divine Seal Saint. After all, even the Divine Seal Saint would have difficulty taking out such wealth. So, Dira must have acquired this wealth by exploiting the Miniature Ancient World’s various hegemonic powers.

Now, though, Dira’s exploitation was going to benefit Shi Feng.

Afterward, Shi Feng turned his gaze to the other item Dira dropped.

It was a ring. A very extraordinary ring.

…

[Sacred Phantom Ring] (Ring, Fragmented Legendary Rank)

Equipment Requirement: Tier 4

All Attributes (Increases according to the user’s level)

When equipped:

Increases all Attributes by 40%;

Increases reaction speed and Attack Speed by 100%;

Weakens all attacks at Tier 5 and below by 70%;

Ignore Levels +20;

Increases Movement Speed by 50%.

Additional Passive Skill-

Phantom Obstruction: Hides the wearer’s information, preventing others from inspecting it. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Additional Active Skill 1-

True Phantom: Disguises all of the wearer’s information.

Duration: Unlimited

Cooldown: 1 hour

Additional Active Skill 2-

Phantom Substitute: Take on a true death on the wearer’s behalf.

Cooldown: 1 natural day

(The Sacred Phantom Ring will be dropped after taking on a true death on the wearer’s behalf.)

The Sacred Phantom Ring is the cumulation of the entire Ancient Elven race’s strength. It is rumored that the ring can help its wearer escape all forms of death and acquire Eternal Energy. The Sacred Phantom Ring was broken during the Ancient Holy War, but it can automatically repair itself with four Ancient Magic Elven Stones.

…

The Divine Seal Saint really does love his youngest son. If this thing is fully repaired, it might even become a Divine Artifact…

Shi Feng was greatly astonished by the Sacred Phantom Ring’s abilities, particularly the Phantom Substitute Skill.

The ability to avoid true death was something countless players in the Greater God’s Domain dreamed of obtaining. Even Tier 6 players were not an exception.

Items that let players avoid true death were so rare that not even the executives of apex powers would necessarily have one.

In God’s Domain, true death for players meant having their Immortal Souls destroyed completely. Meanwhile, the consequence of such a situation wouldn’t be limited to account deletion. Instead, players who had their Immortal Souls destroyed would lose the right to enter God’s Domain for the rest of their lives.

Many Tier 6 powerhouses wouldn’t hesitate to trade a Legendary Weapon for the ability to escape true death even once. Not to mention, so long as players had a way of recovering the Sacred Phantom Ring, it was technically possible to avoid true death once every day.

Looking at the Sacred Phantom Ring’s effects, Shi Feng found it hard to believe that it was only rated as a Fragmented Legendary item rather than a Legendary item.

After all, apart from letting its wearer avoid true death, the ring could also hide and disguise its wearer’s information. While these two abilities might not be useful to Dira since nobody would dare to harm him under normal circumstances, these abilities were incredibly useful for people trying to evade detection or escape from pursuers.

If the Sacred Phantom Ring got repaired, Shi Feng couldn’t even begin to imagine how powerful its lifesaving capabilities would become.

If the ring turned out to be a Divine Artifact, it might truly be able to let its wearer escape all forms of death and become an unkillable existence. If that were the case, even the various apex powers would have to fear such an existence.

It seems killing Dira wasn’t entirely a bad choice, Shi Feng thought as he put on the Sacred Phantom Ring, causing his Basic Attributes to increase significantly. At this point, he could even rival Iron Crocodile, a Level 136, Tier 5 Sacred Sky Knight.

Subsequently, Shi Feng turned his gaze to a tattered tablet in his spatial bag, a flash of excitement appearing in his eyes.

Now that I have 34 God Crystals, I can use some to repair the Abyss Workshop Certification.

The Abyss Workshop Certification!

Even while damaged, the Abyss Workshop Certification was already of great help to him, allowing him to recruit geniuses from the Stratified Abyssal Realm and travel between worlds easily.

If the Abyss Workshop Certification’s effects could be further improved, it would undoubtedly be of even greater help to him.