Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3294 - Chapter 368 - Repaired Abyss Workshop Certification

Chapter 368 – Repaired Abyss Workshop Certification

After deciding to repair the Abyss Workshop Certification, Shi Feng began taking out sparkling fist-sized crystals from his bag one after another. The power of Tier 6 Gods was condensed in these crystals, and Shi Feng merged ten of these God Crystals into the damaged stone slab on the floor.

As soon as Shi Feng merged the tenth God Crystal with the stone slab, the latter seemingly came to life.

Thump… Thump… Thump…

The sound of a beating heart continuously echoed throughout the room. At the same time, divine runes started to appear on the damaged stone slab and drain the room of all its mana. At some point, the room even began to shake and tremble, looking like it could crumble apart at any moment.

!!

Thankfully, the barrier in this room can stop up to Tier 5 attacks. Otherwise, these fluctuations will most certainly attract a lot of attention. Shi Feng sighed in relief when he saw the room and its defensive barrier staying in one piece.

Every Legendary item had heaven-defying effects, so the recovery of any Legendary item would cause a huge commotion. Oftentimes, the commotion caused would alert others nearby of a Legendary item’s presence. Meanwhile, if players with special Identification Skills took notice of the commotion, they could inspect the Legendary item even without the owner’s consent.

Shi Feng wouldn’t have minded others finding out if he was only repairing an ordinary Legendary item. However, it was a different story for the Abyss Workshop Certification.

The Abyss Workshop Certification was an Ancient God’s possession!

Ancient Gods were the strongest known existences in the Greater God’s Domain. They were the goals of many Gods and Tier 6 players. However, Ancient Gods had long since secluded themselves from the Greater God’s Domain, so even finding a clue pertaining to Ancient Gods was exceedingly difficult, let alone a possession directly related to an Ancient God.

Moreover, the Abyss Workshop Certification had a very special function. It could be used to teleport players directly to the Abyss Workshop, one of the Greater God’s Domain’s Three Great Workshops. This was a place all players and powers sought to visit.

It was rumored that the Three Great Workshops held the most advanced technologies available in the Greater God’s Domain, and even the likes of Epic Combat Puppets could be purchased from the Three Great Workshops.

Epic Combat Puppets!

It should be known that every Epic Combat Puppet had the strength to rival Tier 6 Gods!

In other words, even if a player was only at Tier 1, so long as they could control an Epic Combat Puppet, they would be stronger than a large majority of the Tier 6 players that existed in the Greater God’s Domain.

Meanwhile, Epic Combat Puppets were but the most basic technology available in the Three Great Workshops. According to a legend, a player had managed to create an empire that spanned multiple God’s Domains because of an item they bought from a Great Workshop. At the time, said player dared challenge even the Greater God’s Domain’s apex powers. It was just that the player had failed miserably in their attempt at invading the Twelve Sanctuaries and thus vanished from the Greater God’s Domain’s history.

Because of this legend, all players and powers in the Greater God’s Domain sought to enter the Three Great Workshops.

Unfortunately, the Three Great Workshops were incredibly mysterious. Their entrances would also randomly appear, and finding them was a task so challenging that even apex powers could do nothing but scratch their heads in frustration.

So, if news spread that there was an item capable of letting players teleport to the Abyss Workshop, all players and powers in the Greater God’s Domain would definitely try to obtain it, even if it meant destroying the entire Miniature Ancient World.

Of course, even if the average player managed to enter one of the Three Great Workshops, they couldn’t do anything unless they had the necessary currencies to do business there.

Currently, although Shi Feng could already travel to the Abyss Workshop, without the Abyss Workshop’s currency, he would only be wasting his time and the Abyss Workshop Certification’s Skill Cooldown.

However, this naturally wasn’t a problem for the Greater God’s Domain’s various apex powers and conglomerates. They had long accumulated a significant sum of the Three Great Workshops’ currencies over the many years they had existed. They were only missing a method to enter the Three Great Workshops.

While Shi Feng was lost in his thoughts, the Abyss Workshop Certification was completely repaired, and a stone slab covered in divine runes presented itself to Shi Feng. The Divine Might the stone slab radiated was so powerful that even Tier 4 players would have great difficulty getting close to it, let alone handling it.

…

[Abyss Workshop Certification] (Legendary Rank Item)

A certification of glory in the past. It can be used to teleport to the Abyss Workshop.

Cannot be traded.

There is a 1% drop rate on death.

Automatically disappears if stored in a warehouse for more than 90 natural days.

Additional Skill 1-

Abyss Teleportation: Teleport to the Abyss Workshop from any location. Each teleportation will cost 100 Dark Crystals.

Cooldown: 10 natural days

Additional Skill 2-

World-Breaking Teleportation: Forcibly opens a World-Breaking Gate at a pre-designated location. Up to nine locations can be saved. Each gate can only transfer up to twenty people. Each gate activation costs 1,000 units of Seven Luminaries Crystals.

Cooldown: 12 hours

…

As expected of an Ancient God’s possession. These effects are even more absurd than that Sacred Phantom Ring, Shi Feng inwardly exclaimed when he finished reading the Abyss Workshop Certification’s updated information.

The Abyss Workshop Certification was already plenty incredible previously. After all, the World-Breaking Teleportation Skill alone was enough to stir the desires of the Greater God’s Domain’s various powers, let alone the ability to teleport directly to the Abyss Workshop.

Now, the Abyss Workshop Certification had become even more astonishing, allowing him to save up to nine locations with the World-Breaking Teleportation Skill instead of just three locations. This meant that he could teleport between nine worlds. This was an unbelievable ability for players and powers seeking to develop across multiple worlds.

Moreover, the nine locations didn’t necessarily have to be in the same Realm. In other words, it was possible to achieve cross-realm teleportation with the Abyss Workshop Certification.

It should be known that teleportation between Realms was an exorbitant expense even to Tier 6 players. The average Tier 5 player couldn’t even afford such an expense and could only choose the more time-consuming option of traveling with cross-realm merchant caravans.

Yet, now, he only needed to spend 1,000 units of Seven Luminaries Crystal to teleport up to 20 players between worlds or Realms. If all 20 slots were filled, the teleportation fee for each person would only be 50 units of Seven Luminaries Crystal. That was a ridiculously low price to pay.

Most importantly, the Cooldown for World-Breaking Teleportation had been reduced from 10 days to just 12 hours. This reduction made it possible to normalize teleportation between worlds or Realms. He would no longer have to carefully weigh the use of each teleportation.

It seems I won’t have to miss the Galaxy Conglomerate’s invitational competition now, Shi Feng thought.

The Galaxy Conglomerate’s invitational competition was related to one of the Six Great Divine Sets. Unless absolutely necessary, Shi Feng did not wish to give up on the invitational competition.

Previously, if Shi Feng wanted to leave the Miniature Ancient World and make it in time for the competition, his only option was to wait for the World Passage to open and leave through there. However, trying to leave through the World Passage would be no different than suicide since the Paimon Conglomerate would definitely be waiting for him on the other side.

Meanwhile, when he returned to the Miniature Ancient World, the preliminaries for the Galaxy Conglomerate’s invitational competition had already begun. So, it shouldn’t be more than a week before the preliminaries were over and the main event began. Yet, the previous World-Breaking Teleportation had a 10-day Cooldown. By the time the Skill’s Cooldown was done, it would already be too late for him to participate in the competition.

Now, though, he no longer had to worry about missing the competition. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

…

Greater God’s Domain, Starlight Realm:

On a flying ship traveling across a vast galaxy, a Level 205, Tier 6 Assassin clad in an eight-piece Fragmented Legendary Equipment Set approached a blue-robed young man.

“Lord Divine Seal, a report just came in stating that Young Master Dira nearly died a true death in a miniature world,” the Tier 6 Assassin anxiously said.

Upon hearing the Assassin’s words, the blue-robed youth asked in a cold voice, “Who did it?”

“Black Flame! The culprit is a Swordsman named Black Flame!”