Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3314 - Chapter 388 - Strongest Demigod

Chapter 388 – Strongest Demigod

Shadow Incinerator!

This was a name known by all throughout the Greater God’s Domain during Shi Feng’s previous life. Just hearing this name would give the various Realms a huge headache.

This was because the Shadow Incinerator had destroyed dozens of Realms in the Greater God’s Domain!

Meanwhile, the Demigod who wielded the Shadow Incinerator to commit these atrocities was even labeled as the strongest Demigod in the Greater God’s Domain.

!!

Shouldn’t the Shadow Incinerator be in the hands of the Crimson Wing?

Shi Feng was greatly confused as he looked at the carbonized sword hovering above the altar.

From what Shi Feng could remember, the Shadow Incinerator’s wielder, Crimson Wing Ife, was never imprisoned by the Ancient Gods. There was no way the Ancient Gods could have imprisoned her, either.

One of the reasons Ife was labeled as the strongest Demigod was because she had slain a total of eight Ancient Gods with the help of the Shadow Incinerator. Out of these eight Ancient Gods, she had even slain two simultaneously.

Not to mention, in the current timeline, the Ancient Gods still did not have any reason to imprison Ife.

At this point in time, Ife should be nothing more than a newly-born Demigod in the Angel Sanctuary. She should have yet to become one of the Angel Sanctuary’s Twelve Wings, a position awarded to the twelve strongest Demigods in the Angel Sanctuary. It would only be sometime later before Ife would win the title of Crimson Wing and become one of the Twelve Wings.

As for the Shadow Incinerator, Ife had always been its wielder as far as Shi Feng could remember. The weapon had never existed anywhere else before. He had even watched battle videos of Ife wielding it when competing for a spot among the Twelve Wings.

Could this be a fake?

Shi Feng carefully scrutinized the carbonized sword in the air. However, even after plenty of observation, he couldn’t find any signs of the carbonized sword being a fake Shadow Incinerator.

Whether it was the carbonized sword’s appearance or terrifying Divine Might, both were similar to what he saw and experienced in Ife’s battle video. In fact, the carbonized sword before him felt stronger than the one in the battle video.

After Ife became the Strongest Demigod, the Shadow Incinerator instantly rose to fifth place in the Seven Luminaries Alliance’s Divine Weapon List.

As for the top four Divine Weapons, they were only recorded in the Greater God’s Domain’s history and had never appeared in the modern era.

Meanwhile, according to the Seven Luminaries Alliance’s description of the Shadow Incinerator, Ife could limit the mobility of Tier 6 players simply by unsheathing the weapon and releasing its Divine Might. The Shadow Incinerator’s Divine Might was so powerful that even ordinary Tier 6 Gods would more or less be affected, and only existences at the caliber of Ancient Gods could ignore it.

However, even though the Shadow Incinerator before him was without a wielder, the Divine Might it naturally radiated was enough to immobilize him, someone who possessed Physique and Basic Attributes at the Tier 5 standard. It wouldn’t be inaccurate to say that the carbonized sword hovering above the altar was stronger than the Shadow Incinerator described in records. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

While Shi Feng was wondering how he could free himself from the effects of the Shadow Incinerator’s Divine Might, the sound of several system notifications suddenly entered his ears.

…

System: You have started the Greater God’s Domain’s Mythic Main Storyline Quest Incinerator’s Shadow.

Quest Content: Undo the myriad Ancient Gods’ seal. Rewards unknown. Penalties unknown.

System Warning: The Shadow Incinerator has bound your Immortal Soul. You are required to undo the Shadow Incinerator’s Divine Might Seal within 24 hours. Otherwise, the Shadow Incinerator will devour your Immortal Soul, and you will never be able to log into God’s Domain again.

…

A Mythic Main Storyline Quest? Divine Might Seal? What the heck is this?!

Shi Feng felt as if an explosion had just gone off in his mind when he saw the system notifications.

Main Storyline Quests in the Greater God’s Domain were extremely dangerous. Because of this, once a Main Storyline Quest reached the Legendary rank, the system would give players the option to accept or refuse it. Yet, he did not receive such an option for the Mythic Main Storyline Quest he triggered. He was forced to accept the quest, regardless of his will.

To make matters worse, he had to complete the quest within 24 hours or face Soul Annihilation…

Rather than a quest, it’d be more appropriate to consider this a trap set for players who had accidentally stumbled upon the Shadow Incinerator.

Unfortunately, the system’s timer did not stop counting down, irregardless of what Shi Feng thought of the situation.

I need to quickly remove the seal!

After seeing the countdown timer, Shi Feng no longer cared whether the Shadow Incinerator before him was real or fake. His number one priority was to undo the Divine Might Seal on him.

Different from undoing a magic barrier seal, the process of undoing a Divine Might Seal did not involve the player’s mastery over mana. It only involved the player’s Concentration, and it could be said to be the most troublesome type of seal in God’s Domain.

Fortunately, I dabbled a little in Divine Might Seals in the past. Otherwise, I’d need at least several months to break this seal.

Shi Feng could feel several searing chains in the depths of his mind, and just spreading his senses over them caused him to experience excruciating pain.

Divine Might Seals were a kind of mental attack in God’s Domain. It was also a method of attack players would gain after reaching Tier 6. Only, compared to Tier 6 Gods, the mental attacks of Tier 6 players were nothing but a joke. At best, it could be used as a deterrence against players of the same tiers. Hence, few players would bother researching mental attacks.

In the case of Tier 6 NPCs and Tier 6 monsters, though, they could often be seen using mental attacks.

Hence, to have an easier time dealing with certain Tier 6 NPCs, Shi Feng went out of his way to research mental attack methods, and among the attack methods he researched were Divine Might Seals.

The process of unraveling a Divine Might Seal was simple. All he needed to do was find the seal’s mental nodes and transform his Concentration into a weapon to attack these nodes. So long as he could destroy these nodes, the Divine Might Seal would be finished.

After several hours passed, Shi Feng finally finished inspecting the seal in the depths of his mind. Although the process was excruciatingly painful, it was a necessary step to unravel the seal.

There are eight mental nodes. That’s more than I expected. When Shi Feng saw that he only had 16 hours remaining, he couldn’t help but grow a little anxious. I need to work faster.

Normally, breaking a mental node required two or three hours of continuous effort. Now that he had eight mental nodes to deal with and only had 16 hours remaining, he could only afford to spend, at most, two hours on each node.

However, after Shi Feng shaped his Concentration into a blade and smashed it into one of the searing chains in his mind, he couldn’t help but be dumbfounded by the results.

No damage?