Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3316 - Chapter 390 - Shadow Incinerator

Chapter 390 – Shadow Incinerator

So this is why nobody has managed to repair damaged Sacred Armor. This level of craftsmanship is far beyond modern players.

When Shi Feng saw the magic arrays and divine patterns engraved within the Sacred Armor, he had his knowledge of Sacred Armor renewed.

Although he had known about the existence of Sacred Armor during his previous life, he had never used one. Firstly, Epic Sacred Armor was of no use to him. Secondly, Fragmented Legendary Sacred Armor was incredibly rare, their rarity surpassed only by Divine Equipment. Even apex powers wouldn’t have more than a few suits of Fragmented Legendary Sacred Armor in their possession, so non-apex powers would naturally have an even more difficult time getting their hands on a suit.

Meanwhile, after getting a close look at the magic arrays in the Sacred Armor, he finally understood what made Sacred Armor amazing.

!!

There was a mana source hidden inside the Sacred Armor, and this mana source was incredibly volatile. The volatility of the mana was comparable to that of Ancient Gods. It definitely wasn’t a mana source players could use under normal circumstances. However, the magic arrays and divine patterns in the Sacred Armor acted to restrain this mana source, effectively weakening it.

Moreover, the Sacred Armor itself was akin to a player’s body, and it allowed players to integrate their consciousness with it. Meanwhile, what players needed to do after donning a suit of Sacred Armor was to synchronize their mana with the Sacred Armor’s mana. Then, they could manipulate the volatile mana source within the Sacred Armor using the Sacred Armor’s mana.

There were three layers of seals inside the Sacred Armor, and they functioned specifically to restrain the volatile mana source.

The better players were at controlling the Sacred Armor’s mana, the more seals they could lift, and the more volatile mana they could use. By the time players had fully acclimatized themselves with the volatile mana and could remove all three seals, they could wield mana much stronger than the average Tier 6 Divine Body could produce.

One could say that the Sacred Mana was a Legacy. It was a Legacy that allowed players to wield mana rivaling that of Ancient Gods.

Currently, the Saint Armor in Shi Feng’s possession had its sealing magic arrays damaged, making it impossible to unravel them. Hence, it could not be upgraded into a Legendary Equipment Set. While fixing these magic arrays would fix this problem, these magic arrays were so complex that not even a Great Grandmaster Magician could hope to repair them. A Craftsman Magician would be needed for this task, at the very least.

A Craftsman Magician!

Even looking back throughout the Greater God’s Domain’s long history, very few Craftsman Magicians had ever existed.

During his previous life, Shi Feng had never even heard of a Craftsman Magician appearing in the modern era. He only knew that there were several Great Grandmaster Magicians who were close to reaching the Craftsman rank. However, unless these people came across a heaven-defying opportunity, they would never be able to cross the final threshold in their lifetimes.

Fortunately, Shi Feng’s goal wasn’t to repair the damaged magic arrays. He only needed to construct new magic arrays on top of them.

Subsequently, time passed by quickly, and twelve hours had gone by in the blink of an eye.

After Shi Feng constructed multiple Great Grandmaster Magic Arrays inside the Sacred Armor, the Sacred Armor gradually transformed into a new Mana Body for him.

When Shi Feng completed the final magic array, the divine patterns engraved on the Sacred Armor suddenly glowed.

What an incredible mana source!

Looking at the mana source inside the Sacred Armor, Shi Feng saw it seemingly coming back to life as it began devouring all mana in its surroundings with the help of the Great Grandmaster Mana Gathering Array he had constructed.

Subsequently, the mana inside the altar’s cavern began gathering around Shi Feng, causing the density of the mana around him to skyrocket. In only a moment, the mana around Shi Feng had achieved a solid state. In addition, even the surrounding Eternal Energy had begun to flood the inside of the Sacred Armor before getting devoured by the mana source there.

Meanwhile, as the mana source started to devour mana and Eternal Energy, Shi Feng could also feel his Concentration standard gradually increasing. Or, more specifically, he could feel his Life Rating increasing.

In only a few minutes, an indescribable Divine Might began spreading from Shi Feng’s body. Immediately afterward, Shi Feng regained the ability to move his body, albeit with difficulty.

Great! It’s a success! When Shi Feng sensed his brimming mental energy and volatile mana, he couldn’t help but be surprised. Is this the strength of a Tier 5 Legendary Mana Body?

Currently, the Tier 5 Mana Body he constructed using the Sacred Armor not only allowed his Concentration to reach the Tier 6 Basic standard, but it even generated mana much stronger than what the Legendary-ranked Winter of Eternal Night possessed.

At this time, Shi Feng even suspected the Tier 4 Skills and Spells he used could already match the power of Tier 5 Skills and Spells used by Tier 5 players.

However, Shi Feng did not continue inspecting his new Mana Body. Instead, he promptly began forming mental blades to attack the illusory metal spheres in his mental sea. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

With the assistance of his Tier 6 Concentration, Shi Feng could not only form the mental blades a lot quicker, but the strength of these mental blades was also vastly superior to the ones he had previously created.

In no time, five realistic blades flew at a metal sphere.

Boom… Boom… Boom…

Five explosions rang out one after another. The five mental blades Shi Feng formed instantly burst apart upon coming into contact with the metal sphere. However, they also left behind five deep grooves on the metal sphere.

Were Tier 6 mental blades this powerful?

Shi Feng was a little stunned when he saw the damage he had caused to the metal sphere.

While it was true anyone capable of creating mental objects could break the mental nodes of a Divine Might Seal, the process was by no means a quick one. Normally, even with Tier 6 Concentration, five attacks were nowhere near enough to cause significant damage to a mental node. It was why most Tier 6 experts would get headaches when dealing with Divine Might Seals.

However, Shi Feng didn’t dwell on the matter for long. He didn’t have much time left to undo the Divine Might Seal, so he promptly resumed attacking the metal sphere.

One mental node… Two mental nodes… Three mental nodes…

Contrary to Shi Feng’s initial expectations, he did not need 16 hours to destroy all eight mental nodes. Only an hour after he had started his offensive, the eighth mental node shattered under the attacks of his mental blades. At the same time, the many illusory chains that covered his mental sea gradually faded out of existence.

When Shi Feng sighed in relief and opened his eyes, he promptly noticed a change in the Shadow Incinerator hovering above the altar.

The chains that originally encircled the Shadow Incinerator had started to crumble. Immediately afterward, Shi Feng could hear the sound of a beating heart. It sounded like something was coming back to life.

Before Shi Feng could figure out what was happening, the Shadow Incinerator suddenly appeared before him. At this time, the terrifying Divine Might it originally radiated was completely gone, and the weapon looked like it was waiting for Shi Feng to wield it.

…

System: You have passed the Shadow Incinerator’s trial. Do you wish to become the Shadow Incinerator’s wielder?

System: You have 10 seconds to decide.

System Warning: The Shadow Incinerator was sealed by the myriad Ancient Gods. So long as you become its wielder, you will become the myriad Ancient Gods’ enemy. Favorability of all Ancient Gods will be reduced to Hostile.