Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3322 - Chapter 396 - Zero Wing's Members?

Chapter 396 – Zero Wing’s Members?

Star Lake City, God’s Domain Association:

Inside a room on the 490th floor, following the sound of a mechanical airlock opening, the door of the virtual gaming cabin in the room slowly opened. Immediately afterward, the cabin’s alarms sounded, reminding the user that the cabin’s supply of Life Potion had already reached critically low levels and was in need of replenishment.

When Shi Feng stepped out of the gaming cabin, a feeling of overwhelming exhaustion promptly enveloped him, and he wanted nothing more than to crash into his bed and fall asleep.

How close. That Ancient God nearly got me, Shi Feng thought, inwardly celebrating as he grabbed a bottle of Life Potion from the fridge and drank it. If not for the Shadow Incinerator letting me perfectly recreate my past self. Otherwise, even escaping wouldn’t have been possible.

!!

Shi Feng was honestly surprised that his fight with the white-robed Ancient God had triggered a space-time tide in the World Passage, which, in turn, led to everyone being forcibly logged out of the game by the system.

Personally, though, Shi Feng welcomed this forced logout as this meant that his character would disappear from God’s Domain, and the Ancient God would have left after realizing that he was nowhere to be found. He also wouldn’t have to fight for his life again once he logged back into the game.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng felt much better about his situation. Although the event this time was perilous, the Shadow Incinerator’s performance far exceeded his expectations.

The Incinerator’s Phantasm Skill was especially incredible. Not only did it allow him to create an existence that was two tiers above him, but it also allowed him to perfectly recreate the weapons and equipment. If he hadn’t been able to recreate the weapons and equipment he used during his previous life, even if he had managed to recreate his Tier 6 character, the Ancient God could have still beaten him black and blue.

Of course, the incredible Skill also came with an incredible price, its activation causing his level to fall from 155 to 135. With the God of Time’s curse plaguing him, it would take him a considerable amount of time to recover these twenty levels.

No wonder the Crimson Wing could slaughter Ancient Gods left and right. If the Shadow Incinerator can already exhibit such strength with four seals placed on it, it wouldn’t be completely impossible for a Tier 6 player wielding the unsealed version to slay Ancient Gods.

When Shi Feng thought about the four seals placed on the Shadow Incinerator, he couldn’t help but grow a little excited.

Undoing the seals did not require him to collect precious materials. The four seals were merely Divine Might Seals, so all he needed to do was attack these seals with mental objects. The only problem was that these four Divine Might Seals were much stronger than the one the Shadow Incinerator had placed on him previously. Not only did these four Divine Might Seals place incredibly complex barriers on the Shadow Incinerator, but they also had significantly tougher mental nodes. In his current state, he would have no hope of breaking these four Divine Might Seals.

However, if he made use of the Ancient Dragon’s Power, he could try to break the first complicated Divine Might Seal after he officially reached Tier 5. The first seal wasn’t particularly hard to analyze. With his abilities as a Great Grandmaster Magician, he could locate the mental nodes given enough time.

So long as he could lift the first seal, the Shadow Incinerator should become strong enough to let him stand his ground even against Tier 6 players.

…

Subsequently, several hours passed in the blink of an eye. While Shi Feng was still recuperating from his mentally weakened state, he received a message through his quantum watch, the message stating that the Star Lake Legion’s selection had officially concluded. At the same time, the names of the top 1,000 participants were also announced.

When the selection list was announced, many people in Star Lake City couldn’t help but grow confused.

Contrary to everyone’s expectations, Shi Feng remained in first place. On the other hand, Gentle Snow, who was previously ranked 10th in the selection, had fallen to 17th.

However, Shi Feng wasn’t surprised by this outcome.

Shi Feng had long told Gentle Snow and Hidden Soul that so long as they could get into the selection’s top 100, they could become official participants in the Star Lake Legion. Scoring any higher in the selection would only let him attract more attention from the Star Lake Legion’s higher-ups. The benefits they received from the legion wouldn’t see any changes.

Evidently, Gentle Snow and Hidden Soul no longer bothered to test themselves after their first test. Instead, they had chosen to focus all their attention on improving themselves.

Not to mention, Gentle Snow and Hidden Soul were currently undertaking the Void Saint trial, so that was even more reason for them not to let themselves get distracted.

The Void Saint class was special. Even at his peak during his previous life, Shi Feng would have no choice but to flee if he came across a hostile Void Saint in the void. Otherwise, it would only be a matter of time before he got worn out and killed.

Without a Divine Weapon, it was simply impossible for non-Void Saints to kill a Void Saint of the same tier in the void.

But isn’t the Star Lake Legion a little too hasty? The selection has just ended, yet it is already looking to test all qualified participants without giving anyone time to rest.

Shi Feng didn’t know whether to laugh or cry when he saw the Star Lake Legion’s invitation notice.

Being able to join the Star Lake Legion so soon was naturally good news for him. After all, he would only be provided free accommodation in the God’s Domain Association for one month, and he doubted he could secure himself a room in the Association after this one month passed.

He also needed to pay contribution points if he wanted to continue living in the city. Aside from the first month after he entered the Greater World, he would be banished from the city if he failed to pay enough contribution points to Star Lake City in subsequent months. This was a rule that even the Star Lake Legion’s commander would have to follow.

However, for people who weren’t mental strength grandmasters, earning contribution points in a city was incredibly challenging. Many people would fail to meet their monthly quota even if they worked 24 hours a day every day. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

This was because every city could only accommodate a limited population. Yet, countless people were arriving at the Greater World from various parallel worlds every day. As a result, every city could only supply a limited number of contribution points every day, and those seeking to stay in a city would have to fight for these points.

To make matters worse, most of a city’s contribution points would be in the hands of the city’s powerful families and corporations. If a person did not join one of these powerful families or corporations, they would have much greater difficulty earning contribution points.

However, it was a different story once a person became an official member of the Star Lake Legion. Official participants of the legion would have plenty of ways to earn contribution points. The legion would even award its official participants a fixed amount of contribution points every month, and participants only needed to earn a small amount of contribution points to pay their monthly residence contribution.

After Shi Feng finished reading the Star Lake Legion’s message, he washed up himself and dragged his tired body to the Star Lake Training Center.