Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 413 – Book of Eternity

When Shi Feng used an Identification Skill on the tattered pouch, to his surprise, he found that not only did his Identification Skill fail, but Eternal Energy even started to slowly spread from the pouch.

What dense Eternal Energy!

Shi Feng was shocked by the Eternal Energy overflowing from the pouch.

The density of the Eternal Energy coming out of the pouch was even more exaggerated than the Eternal Energy found on the Hundred Refinement Building’s second floor, which was already incredibly rare in the Greater God’s Domain. So, Shi Feng couldn’t even begin to imagine what was stored inside the pouch.

However, when Shi Feng tried to open the pouch to inspect its contents, several magic barriers suddenly appeared and sealed the pouch, preventing him from opening it.

An Eternal Object!

These were the words that Shi Feng instinctively thought of after seeing all that had happened with the pouch.

Eternal Objects in God’s Domain were indestructible. At the same time, they could not be appraised. Even if something or someone managed to appraise an Eternal Object, all they would see was the word “Unknown” in the item’s description.

When Shi Feng combined the fact that the pouch was leaking unbelievably rich Eternal Energy and could not be appraised, the only thing he could think of was that the pouch was an Eternal Object.

Where did that guy get this thing from?

Shi Feng’s heart remained in an excited state as he looked at the tattered pouch enveloped by magic barriers.

Almost all Eternal Objects were products of the Era of Ancient Gods, and every one of them was incomparably precious. Their rarity also far exceeded Legendary Weapons. If Ghost Hand knew what he had dropped, he would probably have the urge to die right about now.

However, Shi Feng didn’t think too much about how Ghost Hand had gotten his hands on an Eternal Object. Immediately, he began inspecting the barriers protecting the pouch.

Eternal Objects in God’s Domain could be put into two general categories: dead Eternal Objects that were damaged to an unusable extent and partially damaged Eternal Objects that retained a certain degree of their original abilities.

If it was a dead Eternal Object, repairing it would be beyond difficult. Unless players could come across a special encounter, owning a dead Eternal Object would be no different than owning a piece of junk.

If it was a partially damaged Eternal Object, then it would be worth a fortune.

Currently, it was obvious that the tattered pouch belonged to the latter group, making it an Eternal Object that still retained a portion of its abilities.

These barriers don’t look like a problem. Any Great Grandmaster Magician could crack them,?Shi Feng concluded in pleasant surprise after inspecting the barriers for half an hour.

Products of the Ancient Gods’ era typically remained in the blind spots of players. Only players who had an Ancient God Legacy could have a chance of obtaining these items.

Yet, now, the barriers protecting the tattered pouch only required a Great Grandmaster Magician to undo. Such a requirement might seem impossibly high by modern-day standards, but it should be known that the status of Great Grandmaster Magicians during the Era of Ancient Gods was lower than even that of Master Magicians in modern-day God’s Domain.

After all, while Craftsman Magicians weren’t everywhere back then, they still existed, which was infinitely more than the Craftsman Magicians that existed in the modern era. At least, as far as Shi Feng knew, there were no living Craftsman Magicians in the current Greater God’s Domain, their existence having become a myth at this point.

Immediately, Shi Feng started to work on breaking the barriers protecting the tattered pouch.

One hour… Two hours… Three hours…

Roughly six hours after Shi Feng had started, the barriers protecting the pouch shattered simultaneously. Once the barriers were gone, the tattered pouch started to disintegrate, and dense Eternal Energy started to spread across the entire room. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

“…”

Shi Feng was a little confused when he saw the pouch disintegrating. After all, this was an Eternal Object they were talking about.

An Eternal Object!

This was an item that not even Ancient Gods could destroy. Yet, now, an Eternal Object had disintegrated right before his very eyes…

Before Shi Feng could start cursing his luck, the ashes of the tattered pouch suddenly transformed into a tablet half the size of his palm.

This is…a Book of Eternity!

When Shi Feng saw the tablet made entirely out of red obsidian before him, his mind fell into a daze.

For the average player, they might not have even heard of the Books of Eternity before.

However, the Books of Eternity were something known by every conglomerate and apex power in the Greater God’s Domain, and they were items that could make even apex powers go crazy for it.

This was because the Books of Eternity contained a record of knowledge passed down from the Era of Ancient Gods.

To the confusion of players, there were several missing eras in God’s Domain’s history. Or more specifically, there were no historical records of these eras, and people could only infer and research their existences based on the items left over from these eras. It was also because of these missing eras that despite modern-day technology making continuous progress, it still couldn’t beat the Era of Myriad Gods, let alone the Era of Ancient Gods.

An example of the inferiority of modern-day technology would be the inability of modern people of God’s Domain to repair Sacred Armor.

However, the Books of Eternity contained knowledge from the Era of Ancient Gods.

To Shi Feng’s knowledge, a total of four Books of Eternity had appeared in the Greater God’s Domain thus far. Meanwhile, these four Books of Eternity had created four transcendental powers in the Greater God’s Domain, and one of these four powers was the Seven Luminaries Alliance.

According to rumors, the Seven Luminaries Alliance had gone from being an insignificant power to becoming an apex power in only several decades thanks to the Book of Eternity it found. Then, over time, it eventually became one of the oldest powers in the current Greater God’s Domain.

Although nobody knew what knowledge the Seven Luminaries Alliance acquired from its Book of Eternity, nobody ever doubted the Alliance’s strength.

Even Demon Gate, an apex power with a Divine Set under its ownership, dared not make enemies with the Seven Luminaries Alliance.

Meanwhile, out of all the powers that dared to make enemies with the Seven Luminaries Alliance, every one of them was annihilated. Even apex powers were not an exception.

In fact, the Seven Luminaries Alliance was so powerful that many powers wondered why the Alliance had not used its strength to dominate the entire Greater God’s Domain. Instead, the Alliance settled with only collecting various geniuses and doing business across the various Realms.

As for the three other transcendental powers that had acquired a Book of Eternity, they were no longer heard of in the current Greater God’s Domain. Even so, it was rumored that all three of these powers still existed. It was just that they were no longer present in the various Realms.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng had now gotten his hands on the fifth Book of Eternity!

The fifth transcendental power, huh?

Shi Feng couldn’t help but grow excited as he looked at the red obsidian tablet in the palm of his hand. Immediately, he clicked on it to inspect it.