Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 414 – Mythological Class

The room was quiet as Shi Feng carefully tapped his finger on the tablet.

Immediately afterward, lines of information appeared before Shi Feng one after another.

…

[Book of Eternity] (Eternal Object)

This Book of Eternity records forbidden knowledge written by the Last Great Sage Ansel. You must first become a Divine Engraver to access this forbidden knowledge. You may spend one God Crystal to activate the Divine Engraver Legacy once.

Indestructible.

…

The Divine Engraver Legacy?

Shi Feng was shocked when he saw the Book of Eternity’s item description. Although he had long known that Books of Eternity were extraordinary, he didn’t think they could be this incredible.

The Divine Engraver subclass was one of the long-lost hidden subclasses in God’s Domain, and it vanished from God’s Domain at the end of the Era of Mythology. It was also known as a Mythological Class by players in the current God’s Domain.

It should be known that various items in God’s Domain were composed of divine patterns. Meanwhile, these items possessed far superior capabilities to their modern counterparts. In fact, many weapons and equipment left over from the Era of Mythology were engraved with divine patterns, and these weapons and equipment could display incredible power.

Unfortunately, no Legacies for the Divine Engraver subclass had ever been found. Despite all the effort the Greater God’s Domain’s various powers had put into researching the subclass, the most players could do thus far was engrave some fragmented and rudimentary divine patterns.

However, even if a player only knew how to engrave half-baked divine patterns, they would still be highly valued and respected by the various conglomerates and apex powers. The influence they could enjoy would also be dozens of times greater than forgers and alchemists.

In fact, these “Divine Engravers” were so highly sought after that there was a past instance where two apex powers had devastated an entire Realm for the sake of one. In the end, only after the Seven Luminaries Alliance had stepped forward to mediate the situation did the two apex powers cease their actions.

It should be known that these so-called “Divine Engravers” hadn’t truly learned the art of engraving divine patterns. They only learned how to draw fragmented and rudimentary divine patterns via bits and pieces of knowledge from Ancient God Legacies. Even so, they already enjoyed such incredible influence in the Greater God’s Domain. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Yet, now, the Book of Eternity before Shi Feng recorded a complete Divine Engraver Legacy!

If news of this got out, it would absolutely shake the entire Greater God’s Domain. It might even cause all apex powers to act. After all, Divine Engravers had the technique to strengthen all objects. So long as they could possess such a technique, becoming the second Seven Luminaries Alliance wouldn’t be a dream.

No wonder the Books of Eternity can create transcendental powers in the Greater God’s Domain,?Shi Feng thought as he looked at the tablet in his palm.?But the cost of one God Crystal per learning opportunity…

The rarity of God Crystals was no less than that of Fragmented Legendary items. In addition, many Fragmented Legendary items required God Crystals to repair. Yet, there was no stable source of God Crystals in God’s Domain.

If Shi Feng had to name a place that players could get God Crystals from somewhat reliably in the Greater God’s Domain, it would have to be the various divine ruins found in the Endless Void. However, these divine ruins were occupied by the various upper-ranking hegemonic powers and apex powers. Ordinary players couldn’t even get near them, let alone hunt for God Crystals in them.

Meanwhile, players weren’t guaranteed to become a Divine Engraver on their first attempt at inheriting the Legacy.

There were two reasons the Divine Engraver subclass was regarded as a Mythological Class.

Firstly, it was because there were no known Legacies available for the subclass. Players couldn’t learn how to become a Divine Engraver even if they wanted to become one.

Secondly, it was because of the Divine Engraver subclass’s uniqueness. It wasn’t like other subclasses that could be gained simply by paying money to an NPC instructor and learning some basic knowledge. Instead, the Divine Engraver subclass was similar to the Magician subclass, where players could only become a Magician after drawing a complete magic array.

In the Divine Engraver subclass’s case, players could only become one after successfully engraving a complete divine pattern.

Meanwhile, the difficulty of engraving divine patterns was much greater than drawing magic arrays.

From an outsider’s perspective, when a Divine Engraver was engraving a divine pattern onto an object, it would only seem like the Divine Engraver was engraving a bunch of incomprehensible patterns on the object.

However, in reality, the Divine Engraver was restructuring the object itself to achieve the desired effects. The difficulty of such a feat went without saying, and it wasn’t a process players could learn how to do after watching only one or two demonstrations.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng gritted his teeth and took a God Crystal out of his bag. Then, he chose to start inheriting the Divine Engraver Legacy.

While the cost of learning to become a Divine Engraver was high, so long as he succeeded, he could easily recoup his investment and more.

Once the God Crystal in Shi Feng’s hand disappeared, the red obsidian tablet in his other hand glowed. Then, images and information began flooding Shi Feng’s mind.

In less than ten minutes, all basic information on the Divine Engraver subclass was crammed into Shi Feng’s mind, and Shi Feng couldn’t help but be amazed by what he had just learned.

As expected of a proper Legacy. It actually goes into such detail on divine patterns. It’s definitely worth the God Crystal I paid.

Shi Feng was in awe as he looked at the Book of Eternity. Although he had only learned one set of basic divine patterns, which was the Basic Strengthening Pattern, it was still drastically superior to the various divine patterns he had collected during his previous life.

During his previous life, the divine patterns he collected were all fragments. Even when he engraved them onto items, the divine patterns only strengthened the items’ Basic Attributes by no more than 5%.

However, the Basic Strengthening Pattern could increase the Basic Attributes of Fragmented Legendary items and below by 10%.

A 10% increase in Basic Attributes might not seem like much, but it would be no different than increasing the quality of one’s weapons and equipment by half a rank. The Basic Strengthening Pattern could let Dark-Gold items have Basic Attributes close to rivaling Epic items, and Epic items have Basic Attributes close to rivaling Fragmented Legendary items.

This was a significant improvement.

Fragmented Legendary items were hard to come by, even for apex powers, not only because monsters rarely dropped them but also because there were very few players who could manufacture them.

This situation led to Epic items dominating the market.

Yet, now, the Basic Strengthening Pattern could let Epic items have Basic Attributes close to rivaling Fragmented Legendary items and increase the Basic Attributes of players by half a rank. If this improvement was extended to all players in a power, the increase in said power’s overall strength would be noteworthy.

Immediately, Shi Feng took out Blasphemer, which had fallen into disuse, from his bag along with a piece of Seven Luminaries Crystal. Then, he began engraving the Basic Strengthening Pattern on Blasphemer using the crystal.