Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 415 – Extrasensory

…

TL Notes:

Era of Mythology -> Mythical Era

Mythological Class -> Mythical Class

…

The Basic Strengthening Pattern was composed of three different divine patterns: the Basic Structural Analysis Pattern, the Basic Structural Remodeling Pattern, and the Basic Structural Solidification Pattern.

These three patterns were the basics of basics among divine patterns, and only after grasping these three basic patterns could one be considered a Basic Apprentice Divine Engraver.

Shi Feng had done plenty of research into divine patterns during his previous life and even experienced engraving divine patterns. So, he wasn’t a stranger to engraving divine patterns.

In only a moment, Shi Feng smelted the Seven Luminaries Crystal needed to engrave the divine pattern into incomparably rich mana. Then, he poured this mana directly onto Blasphemer.

The reason divine patterns were given the “divine” label was that Gods were the first existences to use them.

Gods possessed mana far beyond the reach of the human race. No matter how powerful a Mana Body a human managed to create, they still couldn’t gain mana rivaling Gods. This remained true even after humans reached Tier 6.

The main reason was that the mana of Gods was of a higher purity than even the mana contained in Seven Luminaries Crystals. And since one needed mana rivaling the Gods to engrave divine patterns, humans couldn’t use their own mana to engrave divine patterns. Instead, they needed to find alternative sources of mana.

Meanwhile, Seven Luminaries Crystals were one of the main alternative sources humans used to engrave divine patterns.

The only problem with this solution was that engraving divine patterns consumed a lot of mana. By the time Shi Feng finished engraving the three divine patterns, he had expended a total of 70 units of Seven Luminaries Crystal, with the Basic Structural Analysis Pattern costing 10 units, the Basic Structural Remodeling Pattern costing 20 units, and the Basic Structural Solidification Pattern costing 40 units.

The mana cost doubled with every divine pattern he tried to add to Blasphemer. This was an exorbitant mana cost, and it was only made worse by the fact that he wasn’t guaranteed success when engraving divine patterns, as evidenced by how he had met with failure when he tried to engrave the Basic Structural Solidification Pattern.

According to historical records, this ridiculous cost was also why, even during the Era of Mythology, few people had become Divine Engravers. Without sufficient financial strength and resources, it was simply impossible for one to become a Divine Engraver.

After his failed attempt, Shi Feng continued trying to engrave the Basic Strengthening Pattern. Before an hour passed, Shi Feng had already failed twenty attempts. And as he would always fail on the final step, which was the Basic Structural Solidification Pattern, he had lost a total of 1,400 units of Seven Luminaries Crystal thus far. Even hegemonic powers would flinch at this price. After all, this was only the cost of enhancing one weapon by 10% of its Basic Attributes. Moreover, he hadn’t even succeeded in enhancing Blasphemer yet.

Thankfully, I have the Seven Luminaries Crystals I got from Dira. Otherwise, there’s no way I can afford to become a Divine Engraver with only one Primal Ore Vein, Shi Feng wryly smiled as he looked at the remains of the Seven Luminaries Crystals he had expended on the ground.

The average hegemonic power in the Greater God’s Domain only earned several thousand units of Seven Luminaries Crystal per day. It wouldn’t take Shi Feng more than a few hours to spend them all.

Meanwhile, this was before Shi Feng had even become an Apprentice Divine Engraver. Once he officially became an Apprentice Divine Engraver or even a Divine Engraver, the rate at which he expended Seven Luminaries Crystal would most likely go beyond the ability of hegemonic powers to support.

But why am I still failing at Structural Solidification? I’ve even rewatched the demonstration and made sure every step I take is correct. Shi Feng was confused as he looked at the longsword in his hand. Could there be something wrong with my Structural Analysis and Remodeling?

Shi Feng was not new to drawing and engraving divine patterns. On the contrary, he was quite confident in engraving basic divine patterns. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have decided to become a Divine Engraver, even if he did have a complete Legacy for the subclass. After all, the cost of becoming a Divine Engraver wasn’t something he could just shrug off.

Yet, he had failed twenty times in a row. The success rate he faced now was even lower than what he had to deal with during his previous life.

Should I use another one?

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng couldn’t help but wonder if he should watch the Divine Engraver Legacy’s foundational demonstrations again.

God Crystals were currently one of his trump cards. Previously, he had already expended several God Crystals to fight against the Paimon Conglomerate’s army. Later on, he expended some more God Crystals to repair the Abyss Workshop Certification. After deducting the two God Crystals he had spent on inheriting the Divine Engraver Legacy, he only had twenty God Crystals remaining.

God Crystals were not easy to come by, so every time he inherited the Divine Engraver Legacy would be one less trump card available for him.

Rather than having more trump cards, becoming a Divine Engraver is a greater priority right now.

After considering the matter, Shi Feng ultimately decided to expend one more God Crystal.

Having the strength to combat Tier 6 players might be important, but its significance paled compared to becoming a Divine Engraver. After all, even if he could fight against Tier 6 players, he was still only one person. However, if he became a bona fide Divine Engraver, he would have the ability to create a group of Tier 6 combatants.

Subsequently, the Book of Eternity glowed, and the Divine Engraver Legacy’s foundational information flooded Shi Feng’s mind once more.

This time, Shi Feng did not try to process all of the demonstrations shown to him. Instead, he focused solely on the demonstration of Structural Analysis. He carefully watched how the demonstrator conducted structural analysis, taking note of even the mana fluctuations.

Shi Feng had engraved many divine patterns during his previous life. Although he had encountered many failures, he also had some successes, which meant that there shouldn’t be any major problems with his Structural Solidification. In that case, something must have gone wrong in his Structural Analysis or Remodeling.

He had only been making exact copies of divine patterns he had found during his previous life. He had succeeded without ever doing any Structural Analysis. So, it didn’t make sense he would fail to succeed after executing a complete Structural Analysis.

The demonstration was brief, but when Shi Feng focused, no secrets could hide from his Tier 6 Concentration’s detection.

Sure enough! Something is wrong with my Structural Analysis!

The analysis method shown in the demonstration was ingenious. The demonstrator did not use mana to conduct the analysis. Instead, the demonstrator used their mental perception, which allowed the demonstrator to avoid influencing the structural operation with mana. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Previously, Shi Feng had subjectively used the Seven Luminaries Crystals’ mana to conduct Structural Analysis. However, the demonstrator used the Seven Luminaries Crystals’ mana only to engrave the Basic Structural Analysis Pattern. Then, the demonstrator relied on the divine pattern to strengthen their mental perception’s analysis of the target item’s mana structure.

After verifying that his previous failures were his own fault, Shi Feng started using his mental perception to analyze Blasphemer’s mana structure.

First attempt… Second attempt… Third attempt…

Shi Feng made numerous attempts to accomplish mental perception through the divine pattern he drew. Although he was met with consecutive failures, each failed attempt increased his proficiency.

After spending eight hours and several tens of thousands of units of Seven Luminaries Crystal, Shi Feng could conduct Structural Analysis almost instinctively. He could almost instantly understand the mana structure and operation of items.

Meanwhile, after analyzing Blasphemer’s mana structure, Shi Feng remodeled it before solidifying it. Then, as soon as he finished doing so, a complete set of divine patterns appeared on Blasphemer.

Did I achieve extrasensory?

Shi Feng couldn’t help but doubt himself as he looked at the longsword in his hand.