Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 416 – The Last Sword Saint

…

TL Notes:

Fixed an error in Chapter 414-

Original:

!!

However, the Basic Strengthening Pattern could increase the Basic Attributes of Fragmented Legendary items and below by 10%.

Edited:

However, the Basic Strengthening Pattern could increase the Basic Attributes of items beneath the Fragmented Legendary rank by 10%.

…

The Extrasensory Realm!

This was a hurdle that countless geniuses and paragons in the Greater God’s Domain could never cross. It was also typically known as the Beyond Domain Realm by most people.

Upon reaching the Extrasensory Realm, players would no longer be limited to simply perceiving everything around them. Instead, they could also use everything around them to their own benefit. They could even foresee the future to some extent!

I did it? Just like that?

At this time, Shi Feng was in disbelief as he looked at everything around him. It felt as if he had just opened the door to a new world.

During his previous life, Shi Feng was always stuck at the third step of the Domain Realm, and it was only by virtue of his fortuitous encounters and special tools that he could traverse the Greater God’s Domain without worry. He was a lot worse than experts who relied solely on their combat standards to reach the Greater God’s Domain’s apex.

However, because of the Divine Engraver subclass, he had finally crossed that threshold and entered a whole new realm.

Now that he had reached the Extrasensory Realm, he had a firm grasp of all the movements around him and could also picture the flow of mana in the room with perfect clarity. Thanks to this detailed knowledge, he could predict even the trajectories of the bugs flying in the room.

With a flick of his finger, Shi Feng struck down a flying bug with an air bullet. From a third person’s perspective, it looked like the bug had taken the initiative to fly toward the air bullet. Moreover, after the air bullet struck the bug, said bug struck another flying bug trying to avoid it, and this situation repeated one time after another.

In the blink of an eye, the dozen or so bugs flying in the room collided and fell to the floor…

So, this is the Extrasensory Realm? No wonder I could never reach it in the past, Shi Feng couldn’t help but smile as he looked at the dazed bugs on the floor.

If, before he reached the Extrasensory Realm, his perception of the world was described to be limited to two dimensions, his perception had now expanded to include a third dimension. This allowed him to do combat using three dimensions instead of just two, which drastically increased the possibilities he could accomplish in battle.

Before Shi Feng could conduct further research on the Extrasensory Realm, he suddenly received a call.

“Good news, Brother Black Flame!” Desolate Fury excitedly said through the video call. “Leroja found us a great deal! So long as we can complete this next commission, we’ll have enough fragments to exchange a Return Talisman!”

“That generous?” Shi Feng was a little surprised by the news. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

After learning a bit about the Holy Realm’s situation, Shi Feng already knew that God Crystal Fragments were very hard to come by. Even players as strong as Cross and Leroja couldn’t earn more than ten fragments a day through raiding Party Dungeons.

Meanwhile, although commissions were a much more lucrative source of God Crystal Fragments, players would already be very lucky if they could earn ten fragments per commission.

It should be known that Saint Camps were established by players. So, all commissions found in a Saint Camp came from players rather than NPCs, and there was no way players would be as generous as NPCs.

Yet, according to Desolate Fury, the commission Leroja found could let each of them earn enough fragments to purchase a Return Talisman. In other words, each of them stood to earn at least 100 God Crystal Fragments. Very few people in the Saint Camp could afford to pay such a lucrative reward for a single commission.

“Anyway, just come. If we’re late, someone else might snatch it away,” Desolate Fury said before hurriedly disconnecting the call and sending Shi Feng the meeting point’s coordinates.

When Shi Feng looked out the window, he saw that the sky outside had already started to brighten. Before he realized it, a night had gone by. Immediately, Shi Feng put the Book of Eternity into his bag and left for the meeting point.

Although Shi Feng had already become a Basic Apprentice Divine Engraver, it still wasn’t enough for him to make a living in the Holy Realm.

A Basic Apprentice Divine Engraver could only learn Basic Divine Patterns whose effects were limited to Epic items and below. When Shi Feng walked down the Saint Camp’s streets in the early morning, he saw that even the players sleeping on the street were equipped with several Fragmented Legendary items. So, it was no exaggeration to say that Epic items were useless to the Holy Realm’s players.

Meanwhile, if Shi Feng wished to strengthen Fragmented Legendary Weapons and Equipment, he would have to become an official Divine Engraver, according to the Book of Eternity. However, to become a Divine Engraver, he would need to learn how to engrave a set of Intermediate Divine Patterns, and exchanging for a set of Intermediate Divine Patterns from the Book of Eternity would cost him at least 50 God Crystals…

God Crystals were incredibly rare, even in the Holy Realm. Typically, God Crystals would only drop as loot in 20-man Team Dungeons or above. So, players operating solo or in parties shouldn’t think of getting their hands on God Crystals. Moreover, even when player teams got their hands on a God Crystal, they would never choose to sell it.

God Crystals could be used to repair Fragmented Legendary items. Even if some Fragmented Legendary items would not reach the Legendary rank after getting repaired, a complete Fragmented Legendary item would still be much stronger than an incomplete one. Hence, most people who got their hands on God Crystals would usually use their God Crystals to strengthen themselves instead of selling them for a profit.

Fortunately, Shi Feng had the Seven Luminaries Codex. Even if he wasn’t a Great Grandmaster Alchemist, he could still convert 100 God Crystal Fragments into one God Crystal using Omni-Refinement.

Hence, if Shi Feng wanted to learn a set of Intermediate Divine Patterns from the Book of Eternity, all he needed to do was collect enough God Crystal Fragments.

…

After walking along the Saint Camp’s main street for roughly twenty minutes, Shi Feng arrived at the coordinates Desolate Fury sent him, and it would seem that the meeting took place in an underground ruin.

The entire Saint Camp was built atop the ruins of a city. Although players had continuously modified the camp, the underground ruins remained mostly untouched. Many of these underground ruins had even become private gathering spots for the various powers.

The underground ruin Shi Feng arrived in was the size of roughly three basketball courts. The ruin was enveloped by a magic barrier that prevented those on the outside from seeing and hearing whatever was taking place inside while providing those on the inside an unobstructed view of the outside.

At this time, several dozen players were already gathered in this underground ruin. All of these players were at Level 139 or above, and many were experts fully clad in Fragmented Legendary items. Many of these experts were comparable to the likes of Cross and Leroja in terms of combat standards, and over a dozen experts were clearly superior to Cross and Leroja.

Theft is never good, try looking at tinyurl.com/37k7u89t.

“You’re finally here, Brother Black Flame.” When Desolate Fury saw Shi Feng stepping into the barrier, he pointed at one of the two people talking to Leroja and said, “Let me introduce you. This man here is Amber Soul, an acquaintance of Leroja. It is all thanks to Brother Amber that we are even qualified to take on the commission this time.”

Hearing Desolate Fury introducing him, the young man speaking to Leroja shyly nodded at Shi Feng.

Amber Soul?

When Shi Feng saw the young man’s face, memories from his previous life promptly surfaced in his mind.

Amber Soul!

The last Sword Saint acknowledged by the Seven Luminaries Alliance!

Typically, the Seven Luminaries Alliance would add a prefix when awarding Sword Saint titles to players. A few examples would be the Silver Sword Saint, the Heavenly Sword Saint, etc. However, the title Amber Soul received was just a plain and simple “Sword Saint.” Before Amber Soul came around, the “Sword Saint” title was also one that the Seven Luminaries Alliance had not granted to anybody for several eras.

Meanwhile, it was extraordinarily difficult for a Swordsman to receive the “Sword Saint” title from the Alliance.

This was because the condition to obtain it was for a Tier 5 Swordsman to slay a Tier 6 God. Before Amber Soul came about, it had already been several centuries since anybody had accomplished this feat.

Unfortunately, just when everyone thought Amber Soul would reach Tier 6 and stir up an entire era, he suddenly vanished. Then, following his disappearance, Amber Soul became revered as the last Sword Saint of the era.

While Shi Feng was recalling Amber Soul’s legacy, the young female Swordsman standing next to Amber Soul suddenly looked at Shi Feng and said:

“Black Flame, is it? So, you’re the guy who Big Sis Leroja mentioned?”