Chapter 419 – Sword Saint’s Might

When Hidden Wind executed his trademark Crashing Moon, Flint and the other experts from the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate couldn’t help but gasp.

Incredible! As expected of an Exclusive Absolute Technique that’s close to matching Gold Combat Techniques!

Unlike the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate’s players, the white-haired old man from the Heavenly God Corporation was in awe when he saw the dense mana merging in the sky.

The Holy Realm’s mana was incredibly dense. It was so dense that not even the average fifth-floor expert with an Epic Mana Body could influence it. On the contrary, they would be suppressed by the Holy Realm’s mana, which prevented them from exhibiting the true strength of their Skills and Spells. Even combat techniques would be negatively affected.

!!

Yet, now, Hidden Wind was able to gather a tremendous amount of ambient mana to fuel his combat technique. This was simply unbelievable.

I won’t go down so easily!

When Cheng Xin saw the torrent of mana crashing toward her, she promptly activated Infinite Space, the Profound Inheritance of her Legendary Sword Crying Space.

Suddenly, the space in Cheng Xin’s immediate surroundings started to turn blurry. It looked as if layers upon layers of barriers had just been erected around Cheng Xin, and these barriers weakened and deflected all of the attacks that collided with them.

Boom!

Following an explosion, Cheng Xin’s HP decreased for the first time since the start of the ambush. Although Cheng Xin lost less than one-tenth of her HP to Hidden Wind’s attack, those familiar with Cheng Xin were shocked by this outcome.

Crying Space’s Infinite Space could weaken and deflect all attacks. While Infinite Space was active, it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that Cheng Xin was invincible among opponents of the same tier. Even Tier 5 experts would have difficulty harming her. Yet, now, Hidden Wind managed to damage her. The difference in strength between both sides was clear as day…

At this time, even Cheng Xin herself was shocked.

How is he so strong?

Although Cheng Xin had long known that the Luminous Glory List’s top 100 was a major turning point, she didn’t think that she, someone ranked 326th on the list, would be at a disadvantage even after using a Legendary Weapon’s Profound Inheritance.

While Cheng Xin was in a daze, Hidden Wind moved within 20 yards of her and scrutinized her with a look of delight.

“You have a good sword there. It’s a pity you don’t know how to use it.”

After saying so, Hidden Wind stabbed his bladeless sword in Cheng Xin’s direction.

Subsequently, Cheng Xin could be seen frantically defending against Hidden Wind’s stabbing attacks with the help of Infinite Space. However, Cheng Xin’s Infinite Space was seemingly rendered useless as it could barely weaken Hidden Soul’s attacks, let alone deflect them. Because of this, Cheng Xin had no choice but to block the attack with her weapon, which resulted in her rapidly losing HP.

When Cheng Xin’s HP fell below 50%, Amber Soul suddenly repulsed the fifth-floor expert he was fighting and transformed into three copies of himself that appeared next to Hidden Wind. Then, all three copies attacked Hidden Wind using three different Exclusive Absolute Techniques.

Out of these three Exclusive Absolute Techniques, one had incredible raw power, one had astonishing attack frequency, and one had a constantly changing and unpredictable attack trajectory. Every one of these three techniques also had effects close to rivaling Gold Combat Techniques.

Upon seeing Amber Soul’s actions, many of the surrounding fifth-floor experts were dumbfounded.

The feat of creating an Exclusive Absolute Technique close to rivaling Gold Combat Techniques was very challenging. Even in the case of older-generation fifth-floor experts, they could, at most, create two or three of such Exclusive Absolute Techniques.

Yet, even though Amber Soul looked quite young, he had already come up with three Exclusive Absolute Techniques.

Meanwhile, as soon as Amber Soul executed his attacks, Hidden Soul promptly distanced himself from Cheng Xin and Amber Soul, judging that he didn’t have much of an advantage when going up against the two players simultaneously.

No wonder the Seven Luminaries Alliance crowned him as a Sword Saint. I didn’t think he would have already mastered three Exclusive Absolute Techniques at such a young age, Shi Feng, who was busy keeping Ghost Hand’s group of four at bay, was surprised when he saw Amber Soul pushing back Hidden Wind. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Having more Exclusive Absolute Techniques might not necessarily mean a player would have more combat power, but it did indicate how close they were to grasp a Gold Combat Technique. Usually, players would be qualified to learn a Gold Combat Technique once they had created five different Exclusive Absolute Techniques. Moreover, they could have a considerable chance of succeeding.

Seeing as Amber Soul had already created three Exclusive Absolute Techniques, it shouldn’t be long before he could start to learn a Gold Combat Technique. Meanwhile, so long as he could learn a Gold Combat Technique, most, if not all, of the experts on the Luminous Glory List would be nothing but a joke. At that time, even the various apex powers would have to respect him.

While Shi Feng was awed by Amber Soul’s astonishing talent, Ghost Hand finally entered a Battle Array with his three Assassin buddies. Not only did the Battle Array increase their Basic Attributes, but it also linked their five senses together.

“You’re dead, Black Flame! You might have made a fool of me with your Divine Might last time, but it’s my turn now! Let’s see how you block my Absolute Technique this time!” Ghost Hand said to Shi Feng as soon as he saw the battle array taking shape.

The last time they fought, Ghost Hand failed to perceive Shi Feng’s existence because of Shi Feng’s Divine Might. Even his mental perception was fooled at the time. And as a result of his defeat, he became a laughingstock among his peers, and his status among the Dragon Mountain Realm’s younger generation plummeted.

However, now that Ghost Hand had access to the five senses of three other people, even if his mental perception failed him, he could still accurately determine Shi Feng’s location and actions via their shared senses. Most importantly, with the battle array active, even if he suffered an attack from Shi Feng, his three allies could help to block Shi Feng’s attack. This, in turn, would make his Omnirain flawless.

Immediately, the area around Shi Feng started to weather, the phenomenon rapidly extending toward Shi Feng’s location and threatening to erase him.

“A battle array is indeed a good counter to Divine Might’s interference,” Shi Feng said as he looked at the weathering phenomenon around him. Then, his lips curled up slightly as he continued, “Unfortunately, it is no longer useful against me.”

After saying so, Shi Feng unsheathed the Winter of Eternal Night and executed Lightshadow at the four Assassins.