Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 422 – Zero Wing’s End?

Upon seeing Flint take out a pair of purple-gold gauntlets from the treasure chest, Shi Feng was immediately stunned.

“These are…the Eternity Gauntlets?”

The Six Great Divine Sets were famous throughout the Greater God’s Domain, and almost everyone knew about them.

During Shi Feng’s previous life, the Eternity Set that the Galaxy Conglomerate sought to find was one of these Six Great Divine Sets. Unfortunately, the Galaxy Conglomerate eventually concluded its search in failure, and Shi Feng had never heard of any power ever successfully obtaining the Eternity Set.

Yet, now, the gauntlets of the Eternity Set were right before his eyes…

However, after Shi Feng inspected the Eternity Gauntlets’ information, his initial excitement quickly died down.

The Eternity Gauntlets before him were indeed the real deal. However, they could also be considered fake in a sense.

…

[Eternity Gauntlets (Replica)] (Damaged Item, Fragmented Divine Artifact)

Equipment requirement unknown.

Attributes unknown.

Non-bag space item.

(Collect 100 Eternal Stones to transform the Eternity Gauntlets into a Divine Artifact. The Eternity Set will become unique when all six set pieces are collected. All six set pieces must be at the Divine Artifact rank.)

…

From what Shi Feng gathered, the so-called Eternity Set was, in reality, a collection of replicas. However, so long as one could gather the replicas of all six set pieces and upgrade them to the Divine Artifact rank, the replicas would become the real Eternity Set.

However, the conditions to accomplish all of this were incredibly harsh.

Firstly, Eternal Stones were extraordinarily rare and precious in the Holy World. Just collecting 600 Eternal Stones was already a massive undertaking.

Secondly, one would need to collect the six set pieces and transform them ahead of everyone else. Otherwise, if someone else had managed to do so first, all of one’s efforts would have been for naught. This was because so long as someone managed to complete a Divine Artifact-ranked Replica Eternity Set, the set would become unique. At that time, all other replicas would become useless.

To make matters worse, the Eternity set pieces were non-bag space items, and there were no NPC warehouses in the Holy World. This meant that players did not have a place that was truly safe to store the Eternity set pieces they had collected, and it was entirely possible for any resolved player or power to steal them. It was no wonder the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate had lost its Eternity Gauntlets to the Heavenly God Corporation previously.

“As you can see, Brother Black Flame, while the Eternity Gauntlets are precious, they can also be considered worthless,” Flint said as he put the Eternity Gauntlets back into the treasure chest.”

“What do you suggest, Commander Flint?” Shi Feng asked, failing to understand why Flint would tell him all of this. He also doubted that Flint would show him the Eternity Gauntlets for no reason.

“The Dragon Tongue Conglomerate plans to open a large warehouse to store these things. However, player-operated warehouses aren’t exactly safe, even if it is opened inside a Saint Camp. So, we hope to have enough strength to protect our warehouse,” Flint said. “I have nothing to say about your strength, Brother Black Flame. On behalf of the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate, I invite you to participate in this venture, Brother Black Flame. In exchange for 10% of the warehouse’s shares, all we need you to do is periodically protect the warehouse. You won’t need to constantly guard the warehouse or bother yourself with its management. And in the eventuality that something gets stolen, we will pay you an additional fee to help us recover the stolen items. What do you think, Brother Black Flame?”

As soon as Flint finished speaking, Cross, Leroja, and Desolate Fury, who stood behind Shi Feng, gaped in shock.

The Platinum Realm’s Dragon Tongue Conglomerate!

They were talking about an existence comparable to the Starlight Realm’s Galaxy Conglomerate here. Yet, now, the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate was taking the initiative to invite Shi Feng to a joint venture. Moreover, the conglomerate was offering 10% of its warehouse’s shares to Shi Feng. This situation was both unbelievable and incredibly enviable. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The real estate of Saint Camps was highly valuable and outside the reach of ordinary powers. Typically, only the various conglomerates could purchase land in a Saint Camp.

Meanwhile, in the Holy World, players could die at any time, so there was no protection for the items in their bags. Because of this, players would usually store their valuable belongings in the warehouses established by the various powers. That way, they wouldn’t have to worry about losing something important should they die.

However, the various powers charged an exorbitant fee to use their warehouses’ services. At a minimum, players would have to pay 10 God Crystal Fragments for 100 bag space slots and 10 non-bag space slots for 10 days. That was equivalent to spending one God Crystal Fragment per day for storage. Meanwhile, the stronger a power was, the higher the fee it would charge since it could offer more secure storage services.

With the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate’s strength, so long as it established a warehouse, players would flood to store their items there. It wouldn’t even be strange to see thousands of players going to store their items in the conglomerate’s warehouse. That was equivalent to a daily income of several thousand God Crystal Fragments.

With 10% of the warehouse’s shares, Shi Feng could receive several hundred God Crystal Fragments per day!

Moreover, this would only be the warehouse’s initial income. So long as the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate could prove the safety of its warehouse, many more people would look to store their items there. At that time, it wouldn’t even be strange if Shi Feng could make several thousand God Crystal Fragments per day.

Aside from the various conglomerates, not even the Holy World’s upper-ranking hegemonic powers could make several thousand God Crystal Fragments per day…

Yet, the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate was offering up such a potential income to Shi Feng for conditions that were incredibly lax and very much in Shi Feng’s favor. It was obvious that the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate was adamant about roping Shi Feng to their side.

Shi Feng naturally wouldn’t turn down Flint’s offer. After all, it was a fact that he needed a large amount of God Crystal Fragments. Moreover, he didn’t have to invest much time and effort in this endeavor. As the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate could take care of most problems with its deterrence, he would only be needed to help out with fights occasionally. The rest of the time, he could spend doing his own things.

After Shi Feng signed a contract with Flint and returned to the Saint Camp, the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate promptly started constructing a large warehouse on the Saint Camp’s main street. Meanwhile, a few hours after the warehouse’s construction was completed, more than 2,000 players had already used the warehouse’s services. At this rate, the warehouse could probably see over 5,000 players using its services by the end of the day.

In other words, Shi Feng could stand to make over 5,000 God Crystal Fragments on the warehouse’s opening day. If converted to God Crystals, he would already have enough to exchange a set of Intermediate Divine Patterns.

However, Shi Feng did not plan to wait for the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate to tally up today’s earnings. Instead, he, Cross, Leroja, and Desolate Fury chose to use a Return Talisman to go offline. After all, he had already stayed online for many days, and he had many things he needed to take care of in the real world.

…

Inside a room on the God’s Domain Association’s 600th floor…

The hatch of the gaming cabin in the room slowly opened. When Shi Feng pulled his tired body out of the cabin, the cabin’s life support system promptly started giving him warning sounds, indicating that the life support system had already reached a critical value and needed to be replenished urgently.

Indeed, quite a lot of time has passed.

After glancing at his missed calls and unread messages, Shi Feng found that many were from several days ago. However, as he was trapped in the Space-Time Storm at the time, he was thoroughly isolated from the outside world, and even the time flow he experienced was affected.

Immediately, Shi Feng started reading through the messages Hidden Soul sent him, his expression quickly darkening.

The first few messages Hidden Soul sent arrived shortly after Shi Feng logged back into God’s Domain. Meanwhile, the messages were to inform him that the Paimon Conglomerate’s Dira had his Immortal Soul annihilated, and he could no longer log into God’s Domain for the rest of his life. The Divine Seal Saint exploded into a fury over this matter, and it was rumored that even the Paimon Conglomerate’s helmsman was scared into submission.

Following the news of Dira’s permanent departure from God’s Domain, a piece of shocking news came from the God’s Domain Association. A bounty for all of Zero Wing’s members had appeared on the God’s Domain Association’s public bounty list, and the rewards offered were unbelievably lucrative.