Chapter 336 - Mutant

The hidden warehouse was the most important location of the Blood Hand Association. After all, the warehouse stored all of the treasures the Blood Hand Association had collected over the many years. Naturally, the security of this hidden warehouse would also be the most intense.

The NPCs outside of this hidden warehouse would, at most, comprise 40% of the Blood Hand Association’s combat power. Meanwhile, the remaining 60% would be the nine giant mechanical guards guarding inside the hidden warehouse.

The combat power of these nine mechanical guards alone surpassed that of thousands of NPCs. One could just imagine how powerful these robots were.

[Mechanical Watcher] (Lord Rank)

Level 30

HP 1,500,000/1,500,000

[Mechanical Slayer] (High Lord Rank)

Level 50

HP 9,000,000/9,000,000

Everyone felt their hearts grow cold when they saw the shining pitch-black bodies of the Mechanical Watchers. In Team Dungeons, Lord ranked monsters were all categorized as Bosses. As field Bosses, although these Mechanical Watchers had less HP than Team Dungeon Bosses of the same level, their Attack Power and Defense was far superior. Field Bosses were much stronger than Dungeon Bosses of the same level, and a dozen players were no match for them.

As for the High Lord ranked Mechanical Slayer, a Boss of such rank would only appear in 20-man Hell Mode Team Dungeons or 50-man Hard Mode Team Dungeons. Moreover, the Mechanical Slayer before them was a Level 50 High Lord ranked boss. It was simply impossible for a group of Level 20 players to kill it. The level suppression alone would render the players utterly helpless. To put it simply, even if the Mechanical Slayer stood still without taking action, Shi Feng’s 100-man team still could not kill it.

“I’m afraid that our combat power might be a little lacking?” Aqua Rose concluded helplessly after observing the nine mechanical guards. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

They would need around fifty Level 30 players to deal with a single Mechanical Watcher. In other words, they would need around 400 players to deal with the eight Mechanical Watchers before them. Moreover, all 400 players needed to be Level 30.

As for the Mechanical Slayer, under normal circumstances, they would need at least 300 Level 50 Tier 1 players to raid it. Their current lineup had no hope against such a monster.

Moreover, these nine mechanical guards would definitely work together to repel intruders. At that time, Shi Feng’s team would not even amount to dust in the face of these Guards.

Shi Feng examined his surroundings.

There were many iron pillars situated around the hidden warehouse. Moreover, they were incredibly dense and almost indestructible. Meanwhile, mechanical-type monsters all shared a single weakness. Although mechanical-type monsters possessed extremely high magic resistance, Defense, and Attack Power, these monsters usually had very slow Movement Speeds. Their Attack Speeds were also very slow. Moreover, the nine mechanical guards were large, so they could not maneuver between the large iron pillars easily.

Suddenly, an idea popped into Shi Feng’s mind.

“Fire Dance, take these Intermediate Frost Grenades. At the start of the raid, I want each of you to lure one of these Mechanical Watchers away. As for the Mechanical Slayer, leave it to me. Everyone else, attack the Mechanical Watchers with the NPC guards. Remember, don’t let any of these monsters close in on you. Also, remember to dodge these mechanical monsters’ skills. Although they move slowly, the Skills they possess will make up for their speed.”

As he instructed his team, Shi Feng took out a bunch of Intermediate Frost Grenades and passed them to Fire Dance and seven other Zero Wing members with the highest Movement Speeds.

By now, everyone was fully aware of how powerful the Frost Grenades were. It was especially true when they were used in a team battle. After the war between World Dominators, Shi Feng had sent Aqua Rose to Blackwing City to buy more of them.

However, they had not purchased many Intermediate Frost Grenades.

Intermediate Frost Grenades could deal 800 Frost Damage to targets that were Level 70 or below, freezing them for 5 seconds and reducing their Movement Speeds by 60% for 12 seconds. However, each Intermediate Frost Grenade cost 10 Silver Coins. They certainly weren’t cheap. Aqua Rose had only purchased 200 Intermediate Frost Grenades. Even so, the total had reached 20 Gold Coins. The price concerned and distressed her. However, she knew just how powerful these items were. So, even if they were more expensive, they still needed to buy some as a reserve.

At this moment, Shi Feng couldn’t care less about the expense of the Intermediate Frost Grenades. After all, relying on the Movement Speed reduction and control skills of the NPC guards would not be enough to pin down these mechanical monsters.

Following which, Shi Feng assigned everyone on the team their tasks.

Their main goal was to circumnavigate around the iron pillars and take the chance to kill these slow mechanical monsters, though the main damage dealers would be Shi Feng’s guards.

“Begin!”

The moment Shi Feng commanded, everyone took action. To start things off, Fire Dance and the others lured the eight Mechanical Watchers away. Shi Feng then charged towards the Mechanical Slayer. When he was only 40 yards away, he threw the Blazing Meteor at the High Lord ranked monster. A streak of flame instantly struck the Mechanical Slayer’s forehead.

Dang!

-2

Shi Feng smiled bitterly when he saw the damage that appeared above the Mechanical Slayer’s head.

What was a ‘futile action?’ This was.

Faced with the Mechanical Slayer’s 9,000,000 HP, -2 points of damage wasn’t even a mosquito bite. When in battle, the Mechanical Slayer recovered 1% of its HP every five seconds. In other words, the Mechanical Slayer could recover 90,000 HP every five seconds...

However, Shi Feng had already achieved his goal.

The Mechanical Slayer’s gloomy eyes suddenly illuminated and flashed red. Immediately, it retrieved the serrated greatsword from its back and slowly advanced towards Shi Feng. Although the Mechanical Slayer’s pace seemed slow, due to its gigantic body, each step covered more than a dozen yards. It was not one bit slower than ordinary players.

When approaching Shi Feng, the Mechanical Slayer revealed a human-like sneer. Shi Feng felt slightly astonished as he had not expected a mechanical-type monster to possess such high intelligence. In the past, he had never encountered a monster like this. Normally, only high-level NPCs would display such behavior.

“Come; follow me. Let’s see if you can get rid of me.”

Shi Feng revealed a calm smile. He then tossed the Blazing Meteor at the Mechanical Slayer once more. He activated Windwalk and ran towards a corner of the hidden warehouse, luring the Mechanical Slayer away from the Mechanical Watchers.

After activating Windwalk, Shi Feng’s Movement Speed reached frightening heights. Moreover, Shi Feng had also used the Aura of Wind from the Seven Luminaries Ring, increasing his Movement Speed by an additional 20%.

However, even with both effects stacked, the Mechanical Slayer was still faster than Shi Feng. The distance that took Shi Feng several steps to cross only took the Mechanical Slayer a single step. When the distance between them shortened to 20 yards, the Mechanical Slayer abruptly swung its greatsword at Shi Feng, wielding it singlehandedly.

Clearly, there was still a distance of 20 yards between the Mechanical Slayer and Shi Feng. Although the Mechanical Slayer’s serrated greatsword was very large and long, it could not hit Shi Feng. Yet, the Mechanical Slayer still chose to swing its greatsword.

When the serrated greatsword descended, it created a loud boom. Even the air surrounding the greatsword compressed and became extremely heavy. Suddenly, tens of air blades shot towards Shi Feng.

The blades resembled a wall of air pressing down on Shi Feng. The gaps between air blades simply did not allow Shi Feng any space to evade. Moreover, they covered a frightening range. Shi Feng could not dodge them even if he wanted to.

Yet, if Shi Feng took the attack head-on, the blades would end his life.

Defensive Blade would not change the outcome. At most, the skill could help Shi Feng block nine air blades.

“It’s using a skill already? As expected, a High Lord won’t give players any chances. It would be simply impossible for an ordinary player to escape alive.”

Shi Feng was utterly astonished. He had not expected the Mechanical Slayer to use such a powerful skill so soon. However, it would be wishful thinking on the Mechanical Slayer’s part if it thought it could kill Shi Feng so easily.

In the next moment, Shi Feng suddenly flew.

In the nick of time, Shi Feng flew out of the range of the air blades, leaving behind afterimages as he charged towards the closest iron pillar.

This was none other than the effect of Wind Rider, the activatable skill of the Aura of Wind.

[Wind Rider]

Enables temporary flight and Movement Speed increase of 100% for 15 seconds.

Cooldown: 2 minutes

The Mechanical Slayer bellowed angrily. It actually failed to kill an ant like Shi Feng with a single attack. This was simply humiliating Immediately after, the Mechanical Slayer no longer wielded its serrated greatsword single-handedly. Instead, it swung the greatsword with both hands now.

Boom!

The serrated greatsword plunged into the sturdy ground.

Suddenly, the entire warehouse started trembling. With the Mechanical Slayer as the epicenter, the ground began to crack. Covering a radius of around 70 yards, streams of air blasted up from the ground, decimating everything in their path.

The attack caught one unfortunate Level 50 Tier 1 guard, killing him instantly.

The skill’s power dumbfounded everyone.

It was simply unbelievable.

The Level 50 Tier 1 guard had over 100,000 HP. Yet, he was gone in an instant...

This was not Shi Feng’s first time meeting a High Lord. However, Shi Feng could say for sure that a High Lord was definitely not capable of instant-killing a Tier 1 NPC of the same level.

At this moment, several thousand Level 50 Tier 1 players would not be enough to kill the Mechanical Slayer.

Fortunately, Shi Feng had Wind Rider activated, so he barely managed to escape the Mechanical Slayer’s skill. At this moment, when Shi Feng looked at the Mechanical Slayer again, Shi Feng was shocked to discover a cruel smile on its face. Seeing this, Shi Feng thought of an unlikely possibility. Suddenly, Shi Feng’s body shivered as it was overcome with a terrifying chill.

“This is not good; it’s a Mutant! Everyone, leave the warehouse immediately! Run as far as you can!” Shi Feng shouted.

At this moment, various emotions passed through Shi Feng’s heart. Originally, Shi Feng had everything under his control. However, he never would have expected that such a thing would occur. To begin with, it was simply impossible for this kind of thing to exist at this stage of the game. Yet, it had actually happened.

Although Shi Feng’s command confused his guildmates, they carried it out without hesitation. Following Shi Feng’s command, everyone ran from the hidden warehouse. At the same time, Shi Feng also tasked his normal guards to stay behind and pin down the Mechanical Slayer, allowing everyone the chance to escape.

In the face of the Mechanical Slayer, however, the Level 50 Tier 1 guards, which had been insurmountable existences to players, could not last a single hit.

“Guild Leader, what is going on?” Aqua Rose dared not believe her own eyes right now.

The Level 50 Tier 1 guards were actually dying with a single hit.

A single hit!

At this moment, Aqua Rose wasn’t the only person present who had questions. Everyone in the team was dazed and confused.

Such a powerful monster no longer belonged to the category of a High Lord.

However, at this moment, nobody had the time to ask their questions. Over a dozen guards sent to hold back the Mechanical Slayer had already fallen. Moreover, from beginning to end, only a few short seconds had passed.

“Don’t ask! Just run! Run as far as you can! Absolutely do not turn back!” Shi Feng shouted as he tossed an Intermediate Frost Grenade. Currently, Wind Rider was still in effect. So, Shi Feng took advantage of his speed to delay the Mechanical Slayer as much as he could.

Originally, an Intermediate Frost Grenade could deal 800 frost damage to monsters Level 70 or below and freeze them for five seconds. However, when used on the Mechanical Slayer, the Intermediate Frost Grenade had only dealt -100 damage. The freezing effect only lasted for one second.

Although it was only one second, it was effective enough for Shi Feng.

Fortunately, the Cooldown between uses for the Frost Grenades was also one second, allowing Shi Feng to freeze the Mechanical Slayer perpetually.

Shi Feng tossed one Frost Grenade after another, delaying the Mechanical Slayer for over twenty seconds. At this time, his team had finally left the hidden warehouse.

“Guild Leader, we’ve left the warehouse,” Fire Dance said in the team chat.

“No! I told you to run as far as you can! Leave Creek Town immediately!” Shi Feng said.

Presently, nobody but Shi Feng knew what the appearance of a Mutant signified. However, Shi Feng did not have the time to explain at the moment. If they did not run fast or far enough, the consequences would be dire.