Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 438 – Holy Aura

…

TL Notes:

Changing the “Holy Power Potion” in Chapters 436 and 437 to “Holy Power Bottle” because “Holy Power Potion” represents something else in this chapter.

…

!!

The Eternal Realm’s loot is as cheap as always…

Shi Feng sighed, feeling exasperated when he saw that the Nine-Headed Shadow Beast had only dropped three items.

It was true that the Eternal Realm was rich in resources. However, this “wealth” mainly pointed to the resources under the possession of the Eternal Realm’s kingdoms and empires. When it came to the Eternal Realm’s monsters, they were even more impoverished than monsters found in other Realms.

The only salvation was that the little loot the Eternal Realm’s monsters dropped would typically be very high quality.

The Coin Chests dropped by monsters, for example, possessed incredible value. The contents of a Coin Chest changed depending on its color. The chest would be filled with Eternal Bronze Coins if it were bronze-colored, Eternal Bronze and Silver Coins if it were silver-colored, and Eternal Silver and Gold Coins if it were gold-colored. Typically, though, monsters would only drop Bronze and Silver Coin Chests.

After collecting the three items the Shadow Beast dropped, Shi Feng began inspecting them.

…

[Basic Holy Power Potion Recipe]

Can be learned by Master Alchemists to produce the Basic Holy Power Potion. The Basic Holy Power Potion can strengthen users with Holy Power for up to 10 minutes.

Cooldown: 2 minutes

…

[Holy Power Crystal] (Legendary Material)

Contains incredibly dense Holy Power.

…

When Shi Feng opened the Silver Coin Chest, he found 73 Eternal Silver Coins and 25 Eternal Bronze Coins. This would be a significant harvest even for the average 20-man Tier 4 team operating in the Eternal Realm.

How lucky am I? I only killed one Regional Boss, yet I already got the Basic Holy Power Potion Recipe?

When Shi Feng looked at the tattered alchemy recipe in his hand, he instantly regained some energy.

Due to the abundance of Holy Power in the Eternal Realm, monsters had received a considerable improvement in their toughness. Yet, players could not receive the same help from Holy Power as monsters. On the contrary, Holy Power would cause players physical and mental discomfort.

Meanwhile, the Basic Holy Power Potion was an item that could help players mitigate the negative effects of Holy Power. It was similar to the Holy Power Bottle but stronger. During the Eternal Realm’s early exploration stage, the Basic Holy Power Potion was one of the key potions needed for exploration, as it could let players exhibit their full combat power during crucial moments.

The problem was that players needed to craft the Basic Holy Power Potion themselves, and the recipe for the potion was only dropped by Regional Bosses at a very low chance. Depending on one’s luck, one could kill a hundred Regional Bosses without even getting a copy of the recipe.

Due to this, recipes for the Basic Holy Power Potion could usually sell for more than ten Eternal Gold Coins during the early exploration stage. With that kind of money, one could already purchase two or three plots of prime real estate in a town.

If the conglomerates of Shi Feng’s previous life were to learn that he had obtained the recipe after killing just one Regional Boss, they would definitely curse at him.

As for the Holy Power Crystal, it was also a highly valuable item as it could be used as a power source. When used to drive war weapons, players targeted by these weapons would be subjected to even stronger negative effects from Holy Power. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

I won’t have to continue hunting after getting such a good harvest, Shi Feng thought. He was very satisfied with the Nine-Headed Shadow Beast’s loot. So, after putting the loot away, he promptly began making his way back to Pharos Town.

…

Level 140 map, Flameheart Canyon

After Shi Feng exited the Gray Shadow Hills and entered the Flameheart Canyon, he could see many player parties killing the Flame Spiders in the magma-filled canyon for quests.

At first glance, these parties seemed to have no trouble tackling the Level 140 Grand Lord-ranked Flame Spiders. Even when the Flame Spiders outnumbered the player parties by three-to-one, the monsters could not land any solid hits on the players they fought.

However, upon closer inspection, one would find that these player parties were having great difficulty killing the Flame Spiders. This was because even their Tier 4 Skills and Spells could only cause around one million damage to the Flame Spiders, while the normal attacks of a Level 140 Berserker could only cause around 400,000 damage.

These attacks could barely dent the Flame Spiders’ 300 million HP. Even when an entire player party focused all of its attacks on a single Flame Spider, it would still take the party a long time to kill one.

None of these player parties paid much attention to Shi Feng when they saw him running past them. They merely regarded him as another fool who thought he could complete quests solo and was now retreating after realizing his folly.

When Shi Feng was about 2,000 yards away from the Flameheart Canyon’s exit, the cliffs on both sides of the canyon suddenly shook, causing gravel to fall off continuously. The ensuing booming sounds were so intense that they echoed thousands of yards away.

A team battle?

Shi Feng was a little surprised when he saw over a hundred figures engaged in battle in the distance.

The Eternal Realm had only emerged recently. Unless there was an unresolvable grudge involved, players logically wouldn’t choose to engage in PvP out in the fields. After all, time during the early exploration stage was incredibly valuable. It would be foolish to risk one’s life and time to fight other players during this period.

As Shi Feng got closer to the canyon’s exit, he started to get a clear look at the clashing figures.

The players involved in the fight were split into two groups of different sizes.

The smaller group consisted of players with elf-like appearances. These elf-like players were dressed in shorts and tulles, and their bodies were covered in glowing rune-like markings.

The bigger group consisted of human players. They were clad in the equipment of their respective classes, and they desperately guarded a caravan against the elf-like players.

At first glance, one would think that the human players guarding the caravan would be the superior force of the two groups since they had a numerical advantage and were clad in proper equipment. Not to mention, the elf-like players didn’t even wield any weapons when they fought.

Yet, despite having less than 50 combatants on their side, the elf-like players were overwhelming the 100-plus human players guarding the caravan.

It should be known that the players guarding the caravan were by no means weak. Even the weakest among them was a fourth-floor expert clad in multiple Fragmented Legendary items.

Why are they here?

Upon closer observation, Shi Feng noticed three familiar faces among the players guarding the caravan, and he couldn’t help but be surprised by this discovery.

The three players in question were all women, and they were White Owl, Thousand Scars, and Death Omen. All three were members of the Paimon Conglomerate. White Owl, in particular, was one of the Paimon Conglomerate’s Ten Great Paragons and someone Shi Feng had previously fought in the World Passage. Currently, White Owl had already reached Level 140, Tier 5, and she was holding back three elf-like players by herself.

Before Shi Feng could wrap his head around this situation, he saw a male elf sending White Owl flying over a dozen yards away with a punch, the elven man’s fist looking like it was wrapped in some sort of energy.

Meanwhile, after stabilizing her body, White Owl couldn’t help but look at the elven man, who was only at Level 142, Tier 4, in shock. It was especially so when she felt the vibrations still coming from her starlight greatsword.

Holy Aura?

A look of confusion appeared in Shi Feng’s eyes as he looked at the Tier 4 elven man.

Holy Aura could be considered a method of using Holy Power to greatly strengthen one’s offensive and defensive capabilities. Only, there shouldn’t be any human players capable of using Holy Aura…

According to Shi Feng’s knowledge, only one race could use Holy Aura.

The Holy Race!

“I commend you for forcing me to go all out. However, you heretics shouldn’t think of spreading any information you’ve seen here!” the Tier 4 elven man said as he looked at White Owl. Then, the Holy Aura wrapped around his fist increased in density as he sent another punch flying in White Owl’s way.