Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 446 – Difference Between Energy Systems

Following the system notification, two layers of purple-gold brilliance emerged from Shi Feng’s body. At the same time, Shi Feng’s level rose from 137 to 139.

However, Shi Feng did not pay any attention to the increase in his level. Instead, his focus was on the magic scroll in his hands. It was as if the Grandmaster Magic Barrier Scroll in his hand wasn’t just a Grandmaster Magic Barrier Scroll but a peerless treasure instead.

Success! An indescribable sense of excitement filled Shi Feng as he looked at the magic array drawn on the scroll. How unexpected. I didn’t think such frightening results would be possible just by finding the right volume of mana to manipulate the seven magic elements.

At this point, Shi Feng had already restored the Holy Power Negation Barrier from his memories. So long as he activated the magic scroll in his hands, he could create a barrier that would expel all Holy Power. Meanwhile, this barrier would have an effective radius of 1,000 yards and a duration of one hour.

However, these weren’t the important points.

What truly excited Shi Feng was the amount of mana he had used to create the Holy Power Negation Barrier. After optimizing his mana usage, he managed to reduce the mana he used by roughly 40%.

A 40% reduction in mana expenditure would be of significant help to players.

In God’s Domain, players could only store a limited amount of mana in their bodies. When Tier 4 players and above battled, they would typically attach mana to their attacks, whether the attack was a normal attack, a combat technique, a Mana Technique, a Skill, or a Spell. Although the mana mentioned here wasn’t limited to just the mana in players’ bodies and also included the ambient mana manipulated by players, that was beside the point.

Meanwhile, the purpose of this mana was to manipulate the various magic elements to produce various phenomena. This also meant that the more excess mana players had, the more magic elements they could control and the stronger the phenomenon they could create. Similar to how players could exhibit greater strength with their combat techniques after eliminating their excess movements, players could also achieve a similar result by eliminating excess mana usage.

If players could use 40% less mana to achieve the same results, the results they could achieve by optimally using 100% of their mana would reach a whole new level.

When Shi Feng saw the results he had achieved, realization suddenly dawned on him.

It was no wonder the human players in his previous life couldn’t compete against Holy Race players. The disparity between the two races was so great that there was a massive difference in strength, even between the Tier 6 players of the two races. In the end, human players could only fight against Holy Race players if they had an advantage in weapons and equipment.

Originally, Shi Feng had found it very strange that God’s Domain would give preferential treatment to one particular race of players. However, it turned out that wasn’t the case at all.

The disparity between human players and Holy Race players wasn’t a result of the game giving preferential treatment to Holy Race players. Instead, it resulted from human players failing to truly grasp how to use mana. Or more specifically, human players were not on the same level as Holy Race players when it came to the standard of utilizing their respective race’s energy systems.

If human players could optimize the way they used mana, assuming that all other factors were equal, it should be possible for human players to achieve the same combat power as Holy Race players.

… nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

System: Please name the magic array you have developed. If you fail to do so in three minutes, the system will automatically generate a name for it.

…

Shi Feng quickly returned from his thoughts when he heard the system notification. Then, he said, “Name it as the ‘Holy Power Negation Barrier.’”

…

System: New Grandmaster Magic Array successfully named. From now on, other players will be unable to construct the Holy Power Negation Barrier without learning its design beforehand.

…

Shi Feng sighed in relief when he saw the latest notification.

Now that he had become the Holy Power Negation Barrier’s developer, he had finally grasped his first money-printing machine. If other Magicians wished to construct the Holy Power Negation Barrier in the future, they could only do so after learning the magic array design he produced. Otherwise, they would never be able to construct the barrier.

After this, all he needed to do was wait until the great war between human and Holy Race players began. Once the war between the two races began, the Holy Power Negation Barrier would become a necessity for the various human powers to go against the Holy Race. At that time, he’d have a constant stream of money flowing into his pockets.

Twenty-one hours have already gone by in the blink of an eye. I should hurry to the Corrosion Mountain Range.

After looking at the time, Shi Feng quickly put away the Holy Power Negation Barrier Scroll and left the Collet Hotel.

…

The Corrosion Mountain Range was five large maps away from Pharos Town. Since the Eternal Realm’s environment prevented Tier 4 and Tier 5 players from flying, even Tier 5 players would need a significant amount of time to cross such a great distance. As for Tier 4 players, they’d have to run for at least 15 hours straight to cross this distance.

…

While walking Pharos Town’s main street, Shi Feng could hear many people shouting to purchase Earthen Magic Flowers at a high price of one Eternal Copper per twelve flowers. Yet, even at this price, nobody was willing to part with their Earthen Magic Flowers. They even looked at the shouting players as if they were looking at a bunch of fools.

Shi Feng was quite astonished to see this. He didn’t expect the news of the Earthen Magic Flowers to spread so quickly.

…

After leaving Pharos Town, Shi Feng went to a deserted location and summoned the Mutated Frostflame Phantom Dragon.

Ordinary Mounts couldn’t survive in the Eternal Realm due to the environment here. As for Flying Mounts, although they could be summoned, they could only roam the Eternal Realm for a short time.

Even as a Legendary Flying Mount, the Mutated Frostflame Phantom Dragon could only be summoned for eight hours a day. As for Extraordinary Flying Mounts, they could only stay summoned for four hours a day. Moreover, they’d have to reach Tier 4 first to even be summoned, as a Tier 3 Extraordinary Flying Mount could not resist the corrosion of Holy Power.

Although there were many experts in the Eternal Realm, the players who owned a Tier 4 Extraordinary Flying Mount were probably few and far between.

If a Legendary Flying Mount were to suddenly appear in the Eternal Realm’s skies, it would definitely become a target for the various powers. At that time, even as someone who had defeated the Luminous Glory List’s 42nd-ranked expert, Shi Feng would have difficulty surviving in the Eternal Realm. After all, the help a Legendary Flying Mount could provide to players during the Eternal Realm’s exploration stage was probably no less than that of a Divine Artifact.

So, before Shi Feng reached Tier 5 and caught up to the various powers’ experts in tiers, it’d be best to keep the Mutated Frostflame Phantom Dragon’s existence a secret as long as possible.

Immediately, Shi Feng hopped onto the Phantom Dragon and activated a Tier 3 Isolation Scroll to enter Stealth. Then, he had the Phantom Dragon soar into the sky and beyond the clouds. At this altitude, even Tier 6 players would have difficulty noticing him. And even if some players did spot the Phantom Dragon’s silhouette, they would only assume it to be a flying monster rather than a Flying Mount.

…

After flying for over three hours, Shi Feng arrived at the edge of the Corrosion Mountain Range.

Thank goodness I made it in time.

Shi Feng sighed in relief when he saw the mountain range ahead of him.

The Eternal Realm’s ambient Holy Power had a much greater impact on the Phantom Dragon than he expected. The journey that should have normally taken only an hour ended up taking over three hours instead.

Anyway, since the Corrosion Mountain Range was already within sight, Shi Feng decided to recall the Phantom Dragon and trek the rest of the way.

The Corrosion Mountain Range had a level range of Level 145 to Level 160. So, as soon as Shi Feng entered the map, he had to deal with large groups of Level 145-plus High Lords. Under normal circumstances, only Tier 5 teams could grind in this map. If a Tier 4 team tried to do so, their chances of annihilation were practically 100%.

However, Shi Feng’s goal wasn’t to grind here. His Basic Attributes had also reached the Tier 5 standard already. So, he had no trouble maneuvering through the Corrosion Mountain Range.

In less than an hour, Shi Feng quietly arrived at the meeting point inside the Corrosion Mountain Range.

The meeting point was set in a small basin in the gigantic mountain range. Although trees densely covered the entire basin, Shi Feng could vaguely spot a large number of human and Holy Race players gathered in the basin. At a glance, the number of players in the basin exceeded 10,000, and over a thousand of these players were at Tier 5. Meanwhile, human players made up nearly 70% of these numbers.

At this time, the players from the two races were gathered around a huge gate of light that protruded from the ground. Each race stood on one side of the gate. Seeing how the players from the two races were deadlocked, it was obvious that both sides were wary of the other’s strength and did not dare to try to monopolize the Courtyard of Space.

“You are finally here, Mr. Black Flame.” Unrestrained Lionheart stood among the crowd in his light-blue robe. When he saw Shi Feng appearing at the basin’s edge, he took the initiative to approach Shi Feng. “The commander has already started to grow anxious from waiting, so let’s hurry over there.”