Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 451 – Explosive Damage

“Don’t worry.” Seeing Frey’s confusion, Shi Feng calmly smiled and said, “If nothing unexpected occurs, raiding the World Mode Courtyard of Space should be easy.”

Easy??Unrestrained Lionheart was left speechless.

The Devouring Earth Dragons had 500 billion HP each. After factoring in their innately extraordinary Defense and the Holy Power Protection effect, the average Tier 5 expert team would probably need half a day just to kill one.

Yet, now, their team had to go up against three Devouring Earth Dragons simultaneously. They even had to do so in the Courtyard of Space’s deadly environment. If nothing unexpected occurred, they’d be long dead before they could see any of the Devouring Earth Dragons’ HP fall to a critical level.

Not to mention, their team currently only had 88 members. They were missing 12 players’ worth of DPS. Twelve players might not seem like much to a 100-man team, but under normal circumstances, after deducting the team’s 10 tanks and 20 healers, a 100-man team would only have 70 players doing damage.

So, a reduction of 12 players was equivalent to a reduction of one-sixth of the team’s damage output. This was by no means a negligible difference.

Thousand Scars also felt that Shi Feng was spouting nonsense, and she couldn’t help but roll her eyes at him.

The Tier 5 Devouring Earth Dragons could regenerate 100 million HP every five seconds. That was already close to the full HP of a Mythic monster of the same level. Meanwhile, Tier 5 players could only average around 10 million DPS when fighting against Tier 5 Legendary monsters in the Eternal Realm.

Even if 100 Tier 5 players attacked together, they could only do around five billion damage every five seconds. Moreover, this was only the case for the average Legendary monster. Against the likes of a Devouring Earth Dragon, the damage Tier 5 players could do would be much lower.

Simply put, even the damage output of a 100-man team of Tier 5 players wouldn’t be enough to overcome the battle recovery of the Courtyard of Space’s Devouring Earth Dragons.

While everyone was expressing their confusion, Shi Feng took out a bunch of Compounding Potions from his bag and distributed them among the team.

“Drink this potion before we start fighting. Afterward, Desolate Fury will distract an Earth Dragon, while the other tanks lure the remaining two to the side. As for everyone else, focus your attacks on Desolate Fury’s Earth Dragon,” Shi Feng instructed through the team chat. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Is this potion all we need??When Frey looked at the Compounding Potion in her hand, a hint of confusion appeared in her eyes.

The Compounding Potion’s effect was simple. Upon consumption, the potion would enhance the user with Mana and Holy Power for twelve hours. No matter how Frey looked at it, she found it hard to believe that such an effect would be enough to help them deal with the three Devouring Earth Dragons.

Honestly, even with a Fragmented Divine Weapon in hand, Frey doubted the damage she could do could be much greater than experts wielding Fragmented Legendary Weapons. So, how much improvement could a potion possibly provide?

However, since Shi Feng was now in charge of the team, Frey and the others quickly consumed the Compounding Potion and moved accordingly.

Desolate Fury was the first to step out of the safety of the plaza. Wielding his ancient and heavy shield, he swiftly evaded the spatial blades flying about and quickly attracted the attention of the three Devouring Earth Dragons. Meanwhile, following behind Desolate Fury were the other tanks of the team, and they patiently waited for the right time to lure two of the Earth Dragons away.

Unlike the average monster found out in the fields, the Legendary-ranked Devouring Earth Dragons were highly intelligent. After letting loose an angry roar, they moved as one and charged at Desolate Fury from three different directions. Their actions were swift and precise. Even with a shield, there was no way Desolate Fury could defend himself against all three attacks simultaneously.

“Come!”

When Desolate Fury saw the claws of the three Earth Dragons coming at him, he began to rotate his bulky shield, his heart pounding with excitement.

Previously, when Desolate Fur first received Shi Feng’s invitation, he hadn’t thought much of it. However, he was given a huge fright after seeing the individuals on the team.

Unrestrained Lionheart, one of the vice commanders of the Red Dragon Nation’s main force!

Frey, a Vice Guild Leader of the Red Dragon Nation and one of the Galaxy Conglomerate’s Four Princesses!

In front of these individuals, even Cheng Xin, the Dragon Tongue Conglomerate’s Little Princess, was nothing, let alone a measly titled expert like Desolate Fury. For him to be on the same team as these individuals felt no different than a dream. Hence, he naturally had to perform his best to not shame Shi Feng.

Subsequently, three loud metallic clangs echoed across the garden, the resulting shockwave so powerful that everyone present could feel it with their bodies.

Meanwhile, to everyone’s surprise, even after blocking the attacks of the three Devouring Earth Dragons, Desolate Fury still had over 90% of his HP remaining. Not only did he possess Basic Attributes close to matching the three Earth Dragons, but his reaction speed was also extraordinary.

What a quick reaction speed.?When Unrestrained Lionheart saw Desolate Fury successfully blocking the three Earth Dragons’ claw attacks, a flash of surprise appeared in his eyes.

The three Devouring Earth Dragons had perfectly timed their attacks to land at the same time. In such a situation, even a Tier 5 expert at the fifth-floor standard could, at best, block two out of the three attacks.

In the Greater God’s Domain, Legendary monsters possessed incredible reaction speeds, and even fifth-floor experts would barely have an advantage over Legendary monsters in this regard. This was because reaction speed had little to do with an individual’s Basic Attributes and combat standards. Instead, it was affected more by an individual’s Physique and innate talent.

For Desolate Fury to block all three attacks, he’d need to have reaction speed superior to most of the team’s fifth-floor experts.

Previously, Unrestrained Lionheart was still confused as to why Shi Feng would have a titled expert serve as the main tank while keeping the team’s two fifth-floor tanks on support. After all, they were all Tier 5 tanks. However, after seeing Desolate Fury’s performance, Unrestrained Lionheart quickly understood that Shi Feng had chosen the right person to be the main tank.

Tanks were responsible for aggroing monsters. If a tank did nothing but evade a monster’s attacks, they’d have difficulty building aggro. If a tank wanted to build aggro, it would be best to block attacks with their shield. Under God’s Domain’s aggro system, blocking attacks with a shield generated much more aggro than dealing damage. As a result, tanks that could perfectly block attacks were much more popular than tanks that could perfectly dodge attacks.

Meanwhile, unlike Unrestrained Lionheart, Shi Feng wasn’t surprised by Desolate Fury’s performance at all.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, Desolate Fury was known as the Divine Shield Bearer. Apart from having a Divine Shield, another major factor contributing to Desolate Fury receiving such a title was his extraordinary reaction speed. Thanks to his reaction speed, even fifth-floor experts could never land any direct hits on Desolate Fury, who was nothing more than a titled expert at the time. They could only rely on brute force to overwhelm him.

“All other tanks move forward!” Shi Feng commanded when he saw that the three Devouring Earth Dragons were getting ready to launch a breath attack.

Immediately, the two tank parties led by the two fifth-floor tanks charged forward. Then, the two fifth-floor tanks preemptively attacked two of the three Earth Dragons, the one-handed axe and one-handed saber they wielded giving off a resplendent glow as they struck the occupied Earth Dragons’ eyes.

-86,316,544!

-91,647,481!

Two damage values nearing one hundred million appeared above the two Devouring Earth Dragons’ heads, the sight of these values instantly silencing the battlefield as everyone widened their eyes in shock. This situation dumbfounded even the two fifth-floor tanks responsible for causing these damages.

What was going on?