Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 456 – First Step, Stepping Space

Aren’t we in the Eternal Realm?

Unrestrained Lionheart couldn’t help but rub his eyes when he saw Shi Feng dancing and evading a Combat Puppet’s attacks in mid-air.

In the Eternal Realm, even Tier 5 experts were incapable of flight. Yet, Shi Feng, a Tier 4 Sword Emperor, had accomplished this feat.

At this time, Unrestrained Lionheart wasn’t the only one finding this situation unbelievable. Death Omen, Thousand Scars, and White Owl, who were more familiar with Shi Feng, couldn’t help but be astonished by what they were seeing.

How is he doing it?

Death Omen was greatly confused as she watched Shi Feng rapidly move across the air.

As a former Tier 6 Assassin, Death Omen was more knowledgeable regarding speed and body techniques than anyone present.

The reason Tier 4 players could fly was mainly due to the transformation of their mana. Because of their stronger mana, Tier 4 players could manipulate a much larger amount of ambient mana in their surrounding environment, which, in turn, allowed them to create an invisible pair of mana wings to achieve flight.

However, the Eternal Realm’s environment contained not just Mana but also Holy Power. Meanwhile, the influence Holy Power had over Mana made it incredibly difficult for players to manipulate the ambient Mana around them reliably. Hence, even Tier 5 players were incapable of flight in the Eternal Realm.

If players wished to fly in the Eternal Realm, they would have to create a Divine Body and reach Tier 6. At that time, they would have a frightening amount of mana in their bodies, and they could create a pair of mana wings for themselves even without manipulating ambient mana.

However, no matter how much Death Omen focused her senses, she couldn’t sense any fluctuations coming from Shi Feng or the ambient mana around him. Yet, Shi Feng had clearly changed directions three times in mid-air, his feet never touching the ground throughout the process. Moreover, he had accomplished this feat so quickly that he was already close to catching up to the Tier 4 players outside the Eternal Realm.

Did he learn how to use it already?

Unlike everyone else, Desolate Fury, Cross, and Leroja had an idea of how Shi Feng was flying, and they couldn’t help but gape at this realization.

A monster!

They couldn’t think of a more fitting description to describe Shi Feng. The man’s learning capabilities were simply monstrous.

The three of them had already memorized the movements involved in the Goddess of Space’s Gold Body Technique. Hence, they knew how challenging it was to execute the technique.

Even though the three of them were only half a step away from reaching the Beyond Domain Realm, it was still incredibly challenging for them to execute the technique at a crude level, let alone execute it smoothly.

The series of movements involved in Flowing Space made use of every aspect available in space. In a certain sense, the combat technique was a way of utilizing the Domain Realm’s principles to the extremes.

Upon reaching the Domain Realm, players could perceive everything around them up to a certain range. Meanwhile, every improvement they achieved in the Domain Realm would raise the clarity of their perception. When players reached the Domain Realm’s third step, their perception was already clear enough for them to stand in the middle of a rain and count the raindrops present within their vicinity. They could even pinpoint the location of specific raindrops if they wanted.

Meanwhile, Flowing Space made full use of this extraordinary perception to determine the flow of wind and the various particles present in the user’s vicinity. Then, through subtle movements across the entire body, the user of Flowing Space would move through the path of least resistance while simultaneously compressing small patches of air around them to create spatial tension, which, in turn, allowed the user to achieve “flight.”

Of course, Flowing Space didn’t just allow users to add an extra dimension to their combat. The technique’s explosive movements also allowed users to double their speed or more.

Incredible! Truly incredible! No wonder Flowing Space can rank among the top three of all Gold Body Techniques! Shi Feng was in awe as he evaded the Combat Puppet’s attacks. Even though my movements are still clumsy, I can still move in mid-air, and the speed I can achieve is already on par with Advanced Silver Body Techniques!

Meanwhile, with each subsequent use of Flowing Space, Shi Feng became increasingly familiar with the technique, and the amount of time he could stay in the air also became increasingly longer.

Currently, the team was fighting against a group of more than 30 Combat Puppets, and every one of these Combat Puppets was a Legendary monster with 150 billion HP.

In addition to the team’s tanks, every other melee player of the team was also assigned to tank a Combat Puppet. Even fifth-floor magical class experts like Unrestrained Lionheart and Frey had to take on one by themselves. This was so that the team’s ranged damage dealers could focus on killing the Combat Puppets one at a time.

That should be enough practice against one Combat Puppet.

When Shi Feng stopped feeling pressure from facing just one Combat Puppet, he swiftly aggroed the Combat Puppets that Unrestrained Lionheart and Frey were facing. He intended to test his limits with three Combat Puppets. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Is he crazy??Frey was rendered speechless when he saw Shi Feng trying to take on three Combat Puppets by himself.

The Combat Puppets in the Courtyard of Space were Legendary monsters with extraordinary combat capabilities. Even as a Tier 5 player, Frey could, at most, take on two by herself.

Shi Feng was currently only a Tier 4 Sword Emperor. He might have Tier 5 Basic Attributes, but tanking one Combat Puppet should already be his limit. In fact, it was already amazing he could keep up with the Combat Puppet’s attacks. After all, it took White Owl, a Tier 5 Divine Rune Warrior, her all just to defend against the attacks of one Combat Puppet. She couldn’t even launch any attacks of her own against the Combat Puppet.

Meanwhile, things played out exactly as Frey anticipated. As soon as Shi Feng had to go up against three Combat Puppets simultaneously, he immediately fell into a passive state, unable to find any opportunities to attack. He even had to resort to blocking attacks using both his swords, something he had never done previously. After all, blocking any attack from the Combat Puppet would result in him getting sent flying over a dozen yards and losing over one-fifth of his HP.

One minute… Ten minutes… Thirty minutes…

After butting heads with the Combat Puppets and getting sent flying numerous times, Shi Feng gradually reduced the frequency in which he got sent flying. Initially, he would be forced to block an attack every two or three seconds. However, as his execution of Flowing Space smoothened, he was able to gradually increase the interval to twenty seconds and more.

…

When the battle crossed the one-hour mark, the team had already slain over 20 Combat Puppets. However, just as everyone thought the battle would soon end, another group of 32 Combat Puppets suddenly emerged from the distance and charged at the team.

“Not good! All tanks activate your Lifesaving Skills and intercept those monsters!” Frey hurriedly commanded through the team chat.

Immediately, the team’s Tier 5 tanks stopped conserving their strength and activated their respective Tier 5 Lifesaving Skills. The Lifesaving Skills came in all shapes and forms. Some increased HP and Defense, some increased Strength, Defense, and speed, and some reduced the damage the user received. Because of these Lifesaving Skills, the ten Tier 5 tanks managed to pin down 30 out of the 32 new Combat Puppets in no time.

“Brother Black Flame, be careful!” Desolate Fury shouted when he saw the remaining two Combat Puppets getting attracted by Shi Feng’s fight. Shi Feng was already busy fighting against three Combat Puppets. If two more joined the fray, he would definitely be killed.

Unfortunately, Desolate Fury’s reminder was useless as the two new Combat Puppets reached Shi Feng in no time and promptly sent a flurry of punches at Shi Feng, their rapid attacks making it look like a wall of fists was closing in on Shi Feng.

Meanwhile, when Shi Feng saw the numerous punches coming at him, a sense of powerlessness filled him.

This is…

While looking at the two Combat Puppets’ joint attack, Shi Feng suddenly gained inspiration and changed his footwork.

Then, to everyone’s astonishment…Shi Feng started stepping on the oncoming punches, his actions accelerating his already incredible speed even further. Moreover, even when the wall of punches looked like it had collided with Shi Feng’s body, Shi Feng did not receive even a single point of damage.

At the same time, the sound of a system notification rang in Shi Feng’s ears.

…

System: Congratulations! You have learned the Gold Combat Technique Flowing Space. Rewarding one level and a permanent 10% increase in reaction speed.