Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 475 – Tier 5 Sword Law Saint

291%?! Advanced Legendary?!

Shi Feng was stunned by the system notification.

A Tier 5 Mana Body that had reached the Advanced Legendary rank!

Originally, he didn’t have much hope for constructing a Tier 5 Legendary Mana Body, even if he already had Level 6 Mana Affinity and could simultaneously manipulate 188 Great Grandmaster Mana Gathering Arrays. After all, the environment he was currently in was nowhere near comparable to the Hundred Refinement Building’s second-floor environment. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Honestly, he would have been overjoyed even if he had achieved the minimum requirement of 270%. After all, even Tier 5 Advanced Epic Mana Bodies were exceedingly rare in the Greater God’s Domain.

Any player who managed to construct one could instantly be made into a reserve core executive of an apex power.

For the paragons nurtured by the Greater God’s Domain’s various powers, climbing tiers was not a problem. If they wanted to, they could even ascend to Tier 6 within a very short period of time.

However, no paragon worth their salt would do such a thing, and neither would the power they belonged to let them do such a thing.

This was because the strength of Tier 6 players could vary tremendously depending on the foundation they’ve established for themselves during their earlier tiers. The standard of a player’s mana was especially crucial when getting promoted to Tier 6. If a player lacked sufficiently strong mana, they would face great difficulty when using Tier 6 Skills and Spells.

The complexity of Skills and Spells in God’s Domain increased exponentially with tier. By Tier 5, if a titled expert didn’t have a Tier 5 Epic Mana Body, the best they could do was achieve an 80% Completion Rate for their Tier 5 Skills and Spells. That wasn’t even enough to exhibit 100% of the effects of their Tier 5 Skills and Spells.

Normally, only with a Tier 5 Epic Mana Body could a titled expert achieve an 85% Completion Rate and exhibit 100% of their Tier 5 Skills and Spells’ effects.

Not to mention, the stronger a player’s Tier 5 Mana Body was, the more help they could get when they constructed their Divine Body. If a player did not have a Tier 5 Epic Mana Body, they would have great difficulty constructing a Tier 6 Epic Divine Body, and they would not be able to exhibit the strength of a true Tier 6 player.

Hence, there were so many geniuses and paragons in the Greater God’s Domain choosing to stay at Tier 4 for a long time. Unless they could construct a Tier 5 Epic Mana Body, it was highly unlikely they would choose to progress to Tier 5. Otherwise, they would have no chance of competing against the Greater God’s Domain’s apex experts.

Meanwhile, a Tier 5 Basic Legendary Mana Body should already be more than enough for a player to join the ranks of legends in the Greater God’s Domain. So, Shi Feng couldn’t even begin to imagine how much potential a Tier 5 Advanced Legendary Mana Body possessed.

…

System: Congratulations! You have completed the second phase of the Legendary Quest Hundred Refinement Mana Body. Rewarding 5 levels and 100 Free Legacy Skill Points.

System: You have activated the third phase of the Legendary Quest Hundred Refinement Mana Body.

Quest Content: Create a Legendary Divine Body within one year. Rewards unknown. Penalties unknown.

…

There’s still a third phase?

Shi Feng couldn’t help but frown when he saw the third phase of the Hundred Refinement Mana Body Quest. Moreover, similar to before, he had no say in activating the quest.

It was true that the Hundred Refinement Mana Body Quest offered incredibly generous rewards. Just by completing the quest’s first two phases, he had already earned 130 Free Legacy Skill Points.

It should be known that players only received one Free Legacy Skill Point every five levels at Tier 3 and two for every three levels at Tier 4. While some Epic Quests would award roughly five Free Legacy Skill Points on completion, such quests were a minority among Epic Quests.

In other words, completing the first two phases of the Hundred Refinement Body Quest was no different than completing 26 Epic Quests. Meanwhile, it went without saying that the third phase would definitely offer even better rewards.

However, the problem was that constructing a Divine Body was far more challenging than a Tier 5 Mana Body. Many paragons with Tier 5 Advanced Epic Mana Bodies could only construct a Tier 6 Epic Divine Body with the help of apex powers.

Yet, now, Shi Feng needed to construct a Legendary Divine Body. The third phase’s difficulty was many times greater than the second phase.

While Shi Feng was having a headache over the new goal that had been forced onto him, another prompt came from the system.

…

System: Do you wish to replace your current Mana Body and get promoted to Tier 5? If you do not make a decision, you will automatically abandon the promotion after 30 seconds. Once that happens, you will have to construct another Mana Body when you wish to get promoted to Tier 5 in the future.

…

Shi Feng hurriedly chose to get promoted to Tier 5 when he saw this prompt. He did not wish to try his luck a second time.

As soon as Shi Feng chose to get promoted, the Mana Body structure he constructed promptly replaced his existing Mana Body. Then, it began hungrily devouring the mana coming from the void.

After this process continued for roughly ten minutes, Shi Feng felt tremendous power overflowing from his body, causing the room’s space to grow heavy. Currently, the density of the mana his body naturally radiated was already close to rivaling the mana contained in Mana Stones.

Amazing! So, this is the strength of an Advanced Legendary Mana Body?

…

System: Congratulations! You have become a Tier 5 Sword Law Saint (Sword Saint). All Basic Attributes +6,000, all Resistances +600, Mana recovery rate increased by 300%, Mana strength increased by 100%, Concentration increased by 100%, all physical, magical, and mental attacks received that are below Tier 5 will be weakened by 50%, all Basic Attributes increased by 180%, physique increased by 200%, and reaction speed improved by 120%. Rewarding 200 Legacy Skill Points.

System: The God of Time’s curse has been weakened. The curse will only reduce your experience gain by 50% and double the gravity you experience now.

…

Aside from his vastly superior mana body, the bonuses he received for becoming a Tier 5 Sword Law Saint were also frightening.

When he became a Tier 5 Blade Saint during his previous life, he only received a bonus of 5,000 points to all Basic Attributes and a 150% increase to all Basic Attributes. Yet, this time, he had received an extra 1,000 points and a 30% increase to all Basic Attributes. With his current Basic Attributes, he could already fight a six-winged Tier 5 Valkyrie of the same level in a frontal confrontation.

However, compared to the bonuses he received, Shi Feng was more interested in the Tier 5 Legacy Skills he could learn.

In God’s Domain, the importance of Skills and Spells increased along with tiers. After all, while players could only afford to learn a limited number of combat techniques and Mana Techniques, they could learn many Skills and Spells.

Not to mention, some of the more powerful high-tiered Skills and Spells were stronger than even Gold Combat Techniques.

Hence, the more high-tiered Skills and Spells a player learned, the stronger they would become.

Currently, even ordinary Tier 4 Skill and Spell Books could go for several Epic Weapons and Equipment each, while ordinary Tier 5 Skill and Spell Books could go for a Fragmented Legendary item each.

As for high-ranking Tier 5 Skill and Spell Books, they could even be traded for several Fragmented Legendary Weapons. Moreover, demand for them was almost always greater than supply.

Meanwhile, Legacy Skills were among the few ways players could learn Skills and Spells at the Tier 5 Peak rank and above.

When Shi Feng got promoted into a Tier 5 Blade Saint during his previous life, he was only offered the choice to learn two Tier 5 Peak Skills and one Tier 5 Apex Skill.

Yet, now, displayed in the window for his Tier 5 Legacy Skills were two Tier 5 Ultimate Skills and one Tier 5 Super Spell…

…

TL Notes;

For reference(Taken from Chapter 2868 of main story):

System: Congratulations! You have become a Tier 5 Blade Saint (Sword Saint). All Basic Attributes +5,000, all Resistances +500, Mana recovery rate increased by 300%, all physical and magical attacks received that are below Tier 5 will be weakened by 40%, all Basic Attributes increased by 150%, physique increased by 200%, and reaction speed improved by 100%. Rewarding 200 Legacy Skill Points.

...