Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 476 – Unparalleled Confidence

…

TL Notes:

Made a change to Chapter 473.

Changed:

Level 160 World-ranked Regional Map, the Hundred Eyes Canyon

To:

Level 160 World Mode Regional Dungeon, the Hundred Eyes Canyon

…

[Fluctuating Law] (Action-type)

Requires: Sword

Tier 5 Ultimate Legacy Skill

Construct a world barrier with a radius of 20 yards around the user. The world barrier can block all attacks. The user’s Strength, Agility, and reaction speed will be increased by 100% while in the barrier.

Duration: 30 seconds

Cooldown: 10 minutes

Learning condition: 120 Legacy Skill Points

[Divine Annihilator] (AOE Destruction Skill)

Tier 5 Ultimate Legacy Skill

Cause an elemental collapse in the user’s mana coverage area every second for 10 seconds. Every elemental collapse will carry three times the effect of the user’s Strength.

Cooldown: 30 minutes

Learning condition: 120 Legacy Skill Points

[Sword Rakshasa]

Requires: Sword

Tier 5 Super Legacy Spell

Consume one one-handed sword at the Epic rank or above to create a heavenly sword. The greater the consumed sword’s quality, the greater the Strength the heavenly sword would come with (up to the Tier 6 Peak standard).

Duration: 1 minute

Cooldown; 6 hours

Learning condition: 200 Legacy Skill Points

…

Shi Feng desperately wanted all three Tier 5 Legacy Skills, so much so that his eyes had gone red from staring at them.

Ultimate Skills and Spells were incredibly powerful and valuable in the Greater God’s Domain as they rivaled Taboo Skills and Curses of the same tier. Among them, Tier 5 Ultimate Spells were especially valuable.

The reason for this was due to the rarity of Tier 6 Spell Books. They were nearly as rare as Legendary Equipment, and most Tier 6 experts could only get their hands on a few if they didn’t have a powerful backing.

Meanwhile, to compensate for this deficiency, such Tier 6 experts would rely on Tier 5 Ultimate Spells as their trump cards.

It seems I can only learn two for now.

Shi Feng didn’t hesitate for long before choosing to learn Fluctuating Law and Sword Rakshasa. As soon as he did so, most of his Legacy Skill Points disappeared. If he wanted to learn Divine Annihilator as well, he would have to accumulate points from level-ups and quest rewards.

Meanwhile, after learning Fluctuating Law and Sword Rakshasa, Shi Feng received a massive boost to his overall combat power.

Fluctuating Law was a Skill that could be used offensively and defensively, so it could achieve extraordinary effects in battle. Meanwhile, Sword Rakshasa was a Super Spell he could use as an additional trump card and to supplement his lack of Tier 5 Spells.

With the addition of Fluctuating Law and Sword Rakshasa on top of the significant bonuses he received from his Tier 5 promotion, Shi Feng was confident he could now defeat Mad Blade, a veteran Tier 5 Saint with a Legendary Weapon, without using the Feather of Oath.

In the current Eternal Realm, Shi Feng had already reached the apex in terms of personal combat power. Even without the Feather of Oath, he already had the necessary combat power to compete with the various powers.

Now that I’m at Tier 5, I should head to the Lightless Fortress next, Shi Feng thought as he stood up and left the hotel. Seeing as the sun was still up, he hurriedly summoned the Mutated Frostflame Phantom Dragon and flew eastward to the Hundred Eyes Canyon.

The Hundred Eyes Canyon was one of the few World Mode Regional Dungeons discovered in the Eternal Realm during his previous life. All of the Regional Bosses and randomly occurring 20-man Team Dungeons in the Hundred Eyes Canyon had a chance of dropping Secret Treasures. As a result, the World Mode Regional Dungeon became a place where all powers in the Greater God’s Domain wished to have a hand in. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Meanwhile, because the Lightless Fortress was the closest stronghold to the Hundred Eyes Canyon, the fortress naturally became highly contested by the various powers. This, in turn, led to the value of the fortress’s Lands and Shops soaring by hundreds of times.

Now that the Blood Hell Mountain Range would soon activate, once the various powers established themselves in the neutral NPC City situated on the map, it would only be a matter of time before they discovered the Lightless Fortress’s existence. And once that happened, it would only be a matter of time before the Hundred Eyes Canyon’s existence came to light.

As Shi Feng was a player with no background whatsoever, if he wanted to establish a foothold for himself in the Eternal Realm and compete against the various upper-ranking hegemonic powers and conglomerates, he needed to have sufficient funds. Meanwhile, the only method he could currently use to earn a large amount of capital was by purchasing the Shops and Lands of fortresses that were currently outside the various powers’ notice. As for other avenues of making money, they were still outside of his current capabilities.

…

After flying intermittently for over a dozen hours, Shi Feng successfully arrived outside the Lightless Fortress before sunset. Although he encountered many high-leveled monsters on his way here, he managed to repel and shake them off by working together with the Mutated Frostflame Dragon.

Regarding the Lightless Fortress, rather than call it a fortress, it’d be more appropriate to consider it a small NPC City that housed a tiny population of only several tens of thousands of NPCs.

The guards protecting the Lightless Fortress’s gate were Level 180, Tier 4 NPCs clad in uniform armor. Twelve of them working together could form a battle array, and when their battle array was active, they could take on a Tier 5 NPC of the same level. Meanwhile, leading these Tier 4 NPC guards was a Level 200, Tier 5 NPC guard captain. Even without the help of the Tier 4 NPC guards, the guard captain alone could overwhelm any Tier 5 player in the current Eternal Realm.

As the Lightless Fortress was the only safe haven near the Hundred Eyes Canyon, it cost a whopping two Eternal Silver Coins just to enter the city. It was an exorbitant entrance fee that could bankrupt many Tier 5 players.

However, two Eternal Silver was nothing for Shi Feng now that he had a fortune of nineteen Eternal Gold.

After paying the entrance fee, Shi Feng promptly made his way to the Lightless Fortress’s administration hall. Because of the 100 Regional City Reputation Points he received from the Courtyard of Space’s First Clear rewards, he could directly purchase the Lands and Shops near the Lightless Fortress’s Airport.

After browsing the choices available, Shi Feng spent seventeen Eternal Gold on buying two Lands and two Shops. Although the purchase had drained most of his available funds, it also relieved him of one of his worries.

Once Shi Feng was done with his business at the administration hall, he rented a room at a nearby hotel and chose to go offline. The next time he logged back into the game would be when the new city map activated.

Previously, the emergence of the Eternal Realm had happened so suddenly that he didn’t even have time to return to the God’s Domain Association. As a result, he had no choice but to use one of the gaming cabins at the Star Lake Training Center. Moreover, to secure an advantage for himself in the Eternal Realm, he had spent two consecutive days in the game, putting himself at great risk of getting attacked by the Paimon Conglomerate.

...