Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 484 – Invincible

“What… What’s going on? Why can’t I sense any mana?!”

As soon as Shi Feng spread his mana, all players within a 300-yard radius involuntarily shuddered. Some even felt fear.

It was no exaggeration to say that mana was the most familiar existence to players in God’s Domain.

Starting from Tier 0, players had to constantly perceive and manipulate mana until they mastered their own mana. Then, once they became more proficient at these two things, they would start learning how to handle the mana around them. Meanwhile, of the experts on the battlefield, every one of them had long since ingrained the ways of perceiving and using their own mana and ambient mana into their bones.

Of course, it wasn’t as if the players present had never experienced staying in an environment without mana.

However, the battlefield they currently stood on clearly wasn’t one such environment. On the contrary, mana was present in such abundance that it had already taken a solid state. Yet…

They could not perceive it…

It was as if the thing their eyes were seeing wasn’t mana but something else entirely…

“No! Why can his Mana Domain cover such a large range? We are on Dark Star right now. Even an expert like Abyss Water can’t extend his Miniature World beyond 200 yards, yet this guy is covering 300 yards!”

“That’s not all! I can feel my own mana getting eroded as we speak, and I’m having trouble even manipulating it!”

The players present within the area covered by Shi Feng’s mana quickly noticed its peculiarities. Meanwhile, Abyss Water, who stood closest to the source of this mana, noticed these peculiarities even more clearly.

What did he do??Abyss Water was greatly confused as he looked at Shi Feng.

Heavy!

His body had become incredibly heavy!

However, this heaviness was unlike standing in a high-gravity space. While standing in Shi Feng’s Mana Domain, Abyss Water felt as if countless hands had latched onto him and were pulling him down. So long as he tried to move, a powerful opposing force would act on his body.

But what really puzzled him was his inability to manipulate any of the mana around him. As a result, he could no longer keep his Miniature World extended, and he could only keep it covering the surface of his body. This situation was simply unbelievable.

This was undoubtedly the first time he had experienced his Miniature World getting suppressed to such an extent. Not even the Tier 6 Gods he had encountered in the past could accomplish such a feat.

However, Abyss Water wasn’t the only person feeling surprised right now. Shi Feng, the cause of Abyss Water’s predicament, was similarly surprised, though he was surprised for an entirely different reason.

World Creation’s second form truly is powerful.?Shi Feng was secretly amazed when he saw Abyss Water still being able to maintain his Miniature World.?Even with a Legendary Mana Body and Level 6 Mana Affinity, the best I can do is suppress his Miniature World. None of my mana can invade his body and erode his mana.

Before reaching Level 6 Mana Affinity, Shi Feng was still unaware of how powerful a Legendary Mana Body’s mana was. He simply thought of it as quantitative upgrade to a Advanced Epic Mana Body and that it would only be better at suppressing other players’ mana. Of course, even if it was only a quantitative upgrade, it was already plenty impressive as it allowed him to match the mana of Tier 5 players even when he was only at Tier 4.

However, after upgrading his Mana Affinity to Level 6, he finally realized the true power of a Legendary Mana Body.

With his amazing mana pool, not only could he easily suppress his opponents, making it impossible for them to manipulate their mana, but he could also use mana to enhance his strength to a terrifying extent. This was also why, even with both their stats suppressed to the Level 120, Tier 4 standard, Shi Feng was able to kill Solitary Madness, one of the top ten experts on the Luminous Glory List, in one move.

However, Shi Feng stayed surprised for only a moment. Immediately afterward, he swung the Winter of Eternal Night and sent a tsunami of fire at Abyss Water.

Second Sword, Holy Devour!

With the enhancement of Shi Feng’s powerful mana, the raging flames of Holy Devour were able to cause cracks in Dark Star’s rigid space.

If I’m going to die, I’m taking you with me!

After glancing at the tsunami of flames, Abyss Water instantly transformed his two daggers into hundreds of blood-red threads. Then, he cast these threads toward Shi Feng as if he was casting a fishing net, every one of these threads easily cutting apart the space in their path.

Is the Scarlet Merchant Alliance insane?! It took out one of its most prized possessions just to recruit a peerless paragon from the Twelve Sanctuaries?!?

Standing nearby, Xia Qingying’s face turned pale when she saw the sight of Abyss Water’s daggers transforming into hundreds of scarlet threads.

The Scarlet Threads!

They were a set of Legendary Weapons, and they ranked among the top Legendary Weapons. At one time, the set of daggers even used to be among the Seven Luminaries Alliance’s Legendary Weapon List, a record of the top 100 Legendary Weapons that existed in the Greater God’s Domain.

Throughout history, the Scarlet Threads were used by two of the Scarlet Merchant Alliance’s Divine Glory experts. With the dagger set in hand, those two experts could single-handedly slay Tier 6 Gods.

Meanwhile, a big factor contributing to the Scarlet Threads’ was the Attached Skill “Thousand Blood Blades.” Not only did this Skill grant players the ability to transcend tiers, but it was also unstoppable.

At this time, it wasn’t just Xia Qingying who noticed Abyss Water was wielding the Scarlet Threads. Invincible Swallow and Xuanwu Chisha also recognized the Legendary Dagger Set as well as the infamous Thousand Blood Blades.

It looks like they’ll perish together,?Invincible Swallow silently lamented. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

An attack composed of hundreds of projectiles was something even veteran Saints could not dodge completely. When the past two owners of Scarlet Threads wielded the daggers, even Tier 6 Saints had fallen to this move.

His death won’t be in vain,?Xuanwu Chisha thought, a hint of admiration appearing in her eyes as she looked at Shi Feng.

Abyss Water was an expert capable of using World Creation’s second form at Tier 4. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that he was invincible among Tier 4 players of the same level. So, the fact that Abyss Water was forced into using a trump card like Thousand Blood Blades just showed how formidable of an opponent Shi Feng was.

When everyone thought Shi Feng and Abyss Water would perish together, Shi Feng suddenly took the initiative to meet the oncoming scarlet threads.

Logically, it should be impossible for any Tier 4 player to evade hundreds of attacks at a time. Yet, Shi Feng appeared to be the master of this space as his figure constantly flickered back and forth in mid-air, traveling at speeds even faster than players using Instantaneous Movement. This, in turn, made it impossible for the scarlet threads to catch him.

First Step, Stepping Space!

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng had passed through the hundreds of threads and stood directly in front of Abyss Water. Moreover, before Abyss Water even realized it, the blue longsword in Shi Feng’s hand had already inserted itself into his forehead, causing his HP to plummet.

A…Gold Combat Technique?

Abyss Water stared at Shi Feng in disbelief. He wanted to say something, but no words could come out of his mouth as HP had already reached zero. Then, his vision turned gray, and his body collapsed outside his control.

Subsequently, the entire arena fell into an unprecedented silence as everyone, even those still fighting on the battlefield, froze in place.

Nobody could utter a word as they stared at Abyss Water’s corpse.

Just a moment ago, everyone believed that Abyss Water, a monster capable of using World Creation’s second form at Tier 4, would be invincible on the battlefield. Yet, now, this “invincible” existence had fallen to a single strike from a Tier 4 Swordsman…