Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3435 - Chapter 509 - War Goddesses VS Tia

Chapter 509 – War Goddesses VS Tia

Following the meteorite bombardment, the lush valley that was shrouded in mist transformed into a desolate wasteland shrouded in dust and smoke.

As the dust gradually settled, a small area of distorted space could be seen in the middle of the valley. The space in this area looked like shattered glass, cracked and falling apart.

Inside the shattered space, Ink Qilin and six War Goddesses stood unharmed. But despite Ink Qilin successfully stopping the Mutated Floor Master’s devastating attack, River Light and the other Scarecrow Fox members couldn’t help but be stunned.

“The spatial barriers…are cracked…”

!!

“How is this possible?! This is the vice commander’s strongest Defensive Skill!”

River Light and the Scarecrow Fox members could not believe their eyes when they saw the layers of cracked barriers surrounding them.

Ink Qilin’s Legendary Shield was a special item. Along with her Legendary Spear, the two items made up the Legendary Frost Guardian Set. Because of this, the shield was much stronger than the average Legendary Shield.

Normally, if Ink Qilin used Boundary Defense with Hero’s Heart active, the Legendary Shield’s Skill could easily stop even the attacks of Tier 6 Divine monsters for its full 20-second duration.

But now, Tia had cracked Ink Qilin’s Boundary Defense to a significant extent with just one attack. At this rate, two or three more attacks of similar caliber would be enough to shatter the barrier entirely…

At this moment, Ink Qilin’s expression had also turned solemn as she looked up at Tia in the sky. The destructive power of just one meteorite was not enough to overcome her Boundary Defense’s defensive limit, but the continuous bombardment depleted the barrier’s mana reserve faster than she could replenish it. Hence, the barrier ended up cracking.

However, before Ink Qilin and the others could react, Tia lifted her hand and covered the sky with numerous large magic arrays once again.

Tier 5 Curse, Gravity Flood!

Suddenly, “walls” of darkness descended from the magic arrays and fell onto Ink Qilin and the others. In the blink of an eye, a black sphere had formed around Ink Qilin and the others, the sphere continuously compressing the spatial barriers of Ink Qilin’s Boundary Defense.

Boom!

With a loud bang, the space enveloped within the black sphere turned into nothingness. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Even though Ink Qilin’s Boundary Defense had already started to recover some of its mana reserves after losing a significant portion to Tia’s Starry Rhapsody, the rate of replenishing wasn’t fast enough to refill everything before Tia’s follow-up attack struck. As a result, the spatial barriers that surrounded Ink Qilin and the others shattered thoroughly after defending against Tia’s Gravity Flood.

As expected of a Special Intelligent Lifeform. I didn’t think it was even possible to use Gravity Flood in such a way.

Shi Feng, who was busy dodging the magical projectiles Tia was constantly sending his way, couldn’t help but be amazed by the display of magical prowess he just saw. If he were on the receiving end of Tia’s multi-folded Gravity Flood, he would have never been able to survive it, even with Fluctuating Law. Only a specialized tank such as Ink Qilin could do so.

“Your barrier’s gone now, so stop struggling and become my food!” Tia indifferently said as she waved her hand once more.

Immediately, void chains emerged out of nowhere, threatening to envelop Ink Qilin and the others. Upon seeing these chains, everyone couldn’t help but gasp.

Tier 5 Super Spell, Law Imprisonment!

Over a thousand void chains extended toward Ink Qilin and the others, each one carrying enough power to match the meteorites Tia had previously summoned. These chains also possessed incredible speed. Combined with their numbers, it would be impossible for Ink Qilin and the others to dodge and block them completely.

Just as the void chains were about to reach Ink Qilin and the others, the six War Goddesses suddenly opened their eyes in unison. At this moment, the six War Goddesses felt like they were of one body.

“Good! Attack!” When Shi Feng saw the War Goddesses completing their preparations, he promptly gave the command to attack.

Suddenly, the intensity of the six War Goddesses’ auras increased substantially. At the same time, the phantom of a War Goddess appeared behind them, the phantom measuring over a hundred meters in height.

As soon as the phantom War Goddess appeared, the void chains that threatened to envelop Ink Qilin and the others shattered and faded out of existence. Then, before Tia could react, the phantom War Goddess threw a golden spear at her.

The golden spear was like a lightning bolt, piercing through space and time in a flash. Even as a Tier 5 Special Intelligent Lifeform, Tia failed to react to the attack, her heart pierced by the golden spear before she could even blink.

Meanwhile, after the golden spear pierced Tia’s heart, the intensity of the Mutated Floor Master’s aura rapidly weakened, and even her maximum HP plummeted.

“We did it!”

“We really did it!”

Everyone grew ecstatic when they felt Tia’s aura waning.

The strength that Tia demonstrated could not be described as anything other than terrifying. If it weren’t for the War Goddesses’ timely intervention, they would have most certainly died to the Mutated Floor Master’s Law Imprisonment.

“Don’t let your guard down!” Shi Feng shouted as he looked at his relieved teammates. Then, he ordered, “We must attack the Boss with everything we got starting now! The six War Goddesses will support us from the side! We must kill the Boss before she recovers!”

The War Goddesses might have heavily injured Tia, but the Mutated Floor Master’s maximum HP remained at an astonishing one trillion. She also had incredible Defense. So, even if Tia were without battle recovery, it still wouldn’t be easy to kill her.

Moreover, the War Goddesses could only use their combination technique once, so they couldn’t heavily injure Tia again.

Hearing Shi Feng’s words, everyone quickly settled down and began pulling out all their cards.

Starting from Ink Qilin and Desolate Fury, the two tanks charged at the Mutated Floor Master while activating their respective Taunt Skills, the former using War Horn while the latter using Furious Roar. With the activation of these two Skills, Tia had no choice but to focus her attention on them.

However, after entering a heavily injured state, not only did Tia lose her ability to fly, but she also lost her terrifying spellcasting capabilities. No longer could she cast multi-folded Spells. The best she could do was cast a dozen or so single-folded Tier 5 Spells at a time.

Now that Tia could only cast ordinary Tier 5 Spells, Ink Qilin and Desolate Fury didn’t even need to defend against them. This was because River Light could negate all of them easily with his Cleric Spells. Meanwhile, once Ink Qilin and Desolate Fury got close to Tia, the Mutated Floor Master had no choice but to start moving her body to defend herself against the two tanks’ attacks.

However, even while heavily injured, Tia still retained enough Strength to repel Ink Qilin and Desolate Fury, her physical punches taking over 20% of Ink Qilin and Desolate Fury’s HP, even when striking on the two tanks’ shields. Moreover, Tia would send at least three or four punches every time, so even when Ink Qilin and Desolate Fury shared the burden between them, their HPs kept fluctuating at a precarious threshold.

After watching the two tanks fight for a moment, the six War Goddesses and everyone else began their attack on Tia.

The six War Goddesses shined dazzlingly as they attacked Tia together. They were able to accurately grasp the weaknesses in Tia’s defenses and deliver critical blows every time, each blow plundering over 60 million HP from the Mutated Floor Master.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng dealt over 50 million damage with every attack, while Gentle Snow, with the help of her Legendary Weapons, caused over 40 million damage with her Tier 5 Skills. As for everyone else, they dealt about 30 million damage on average with their Tier 5 Skills and Spells.

99%… 98%… 97%…

Even though Tia was a Special Intelligent Lifeform, her HP still rapidly decreased under everyone’s attacks. After more than an hour of nonstop attacking…

“Quickly! We only have 7% to go!”

“6%!”

By the time Tia’s HP dropped to 5%, she had fully recovered from her heavily injured state, and a furious expression appeared on her previously indifferent face. With just a wave of her hand, she sent Ink Qilin and Desolate Fury, who were using shields to defend themselves, flying over a hundred yards, reducing their HP by more than 90%.

“You insolent ants! It’s the end of the line for you!”

Tia suddenly raised both hands, causing a Mana Surge to occur in a 10,000-yard radius. It was obvious she intended to use her ultimate move to kill everyone in one fell swoop.

“How could this be…”

River Light despaired as he looked at the magic arrays that blotted the sky. At a glance, there was a minimum of 100 Tier 5 Curses being cast simultaneously.

Tier 5 Curses were strong enough to rival Tier 6 Spells. Even Tier 6 Divine monsters would suffer if they were struck by over a hundred Tier 5 Curses.

When Shi Feng saw the magic arrays in the sky, he took out the Feather of Oath once more. This time, rather than inject Seven Luminaries Crystals into the Feather of Oath, he injected a God Crystal instead.

Heroic Pledge!