Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 516 – Rumored Founder?

“Those two are incredible! Those fourth-floor experts didn’t even last more than three moves against them!”

“Even among titled experts, they have already reached the standard of paragons.”

“They don’t look very old, either. With such strength and talent, they would still be considered top-tier paragons even if they joined an upper-ranking hegemonic power.”

When the battle finally concluded, Desolate Fury, Ink Qilin, and the others started to analyze Lin Yaoyue’s and Zhuo Yalin’s performances. At the same time, they started to take the Miniature Ancient World more seriously.

!!

Fourth-floor experts and titled experts might be everywhere in the Eternal Realm, but that was because the former Holy World was a gathering place of the various Realms’ geniuses and paragons.

Normally, a fourth-floor expert would be considered a famous individual in any kingdom or empire of any Realm. As for paragons, they were nigh invincible existences among players of the same generation in any kingdom or empire.

Different from Desolate Fury and the others, Shi Feng couldn’t help but be surprised when he saw Lin Yaoyue’s and Zhuo Yalin’s performances.

At this time, whether it was Lin Yaoyue or Zhuo Yalin, both of them were already strong enough to rival Saint Nine, the former tenth-ranked player on the Miniature Ancient World’s God-ranked Expert List. In other words, they had reached the standard of the Ancient River Kingdom’s Ten Great Paragons.

However, Shi Feng clearly remembered that before he left the Miniature Ancient World, the two had yet to even reach the Domain Realm, let alone the standard of titled experts and paragons…

…

On the other side, after Lin Yaoyue and Zhuo Yalin achieved victory over the foreign players, the native players cheered with joy.

“As expected of Asura’s Clear Sky and Nightingale!”

“I wonder when I can become a core member of Asura?”

“A core member? Stop daydreaming! Most of the God-ranked experts from the former first-rate Guilds and superpowers are still stuck as internal members of the Asura Mercenary Alliance. At present times, only those who have reached the titled standard are qualified to become core members.”

“I really envy those who joined Asura early on. If I had joined a few months earlier, I might have become an internal member by now.”

“Forget about it. I heard that Asura is currently recruiting many young geniuses to nurture, and those who pass will get to train in the rumored primordial tower right away. If the tower is anything like the rumors mention, those rookies will most likely take up a bunch of internal member slots.”

“They get to train in that primordial tower? It seems that even the Asura Mercenary Alliance is feeling quite a bit of pressure this time.”

After seeing Lin Yaoyue and Zhuo Yalin achieve victory, many of the native players present expressed their admiration for the Asura Mercenary Alliance. Yearning also filled their eyes when they spoke about Asura’s primordial tower.

While everyone was engaged in discussion, the ten other members of the Asura Mercenary Alliance returned to Lin Yaoyue and Zhuo Yalin’s side. These ten players were all young men and women who had reached Tier 5, and they couldn’t help but feel prideful when they received the worshiping gazes of the Tier 4 youths around them.

Passing the Asura Mercenary Alliance’s test was not an easy feat.

Meanwhile, the ten of them were not only fortunate enough to pass the test, but they even became internal members of the mercenary alliance. To top it all off, they got to fight alongside Lin Yaoyue and Zhuo Yalin, two of the Asura Mercenary Alliance’s Grand Elders. This was an opportunity many could only dream of obtaining.

“We’re done with the clean-up, Miss Nightingale,” a Level 157 Berserker reported. “But I came across a group of Tier 5 players roughly two thousand yards away. I don’t recognize them, and they don’t seem like native players, but a man and a woman among them claimed to know both of you and want to talk to you.”

As soon as the male Berserker finished speaking, the female Swordsman beside him sneered and said, “Ghost Axe, who doesn’t know Miss Clear Sky and Miss Nightingale in the Miniature Ancient World? There are tons of people queuing up to meet them. How can you even believe those people’s words?”

The other members of the team also nodded in agreement with the female Swordsman’s words. They felt that the Berserker named Ghost Axe was too naive.

“A group of unfamiliar Tier 5 players? And they said they know us?” Zhuo Yalin grew a little curious.

“Oh, the woman said her name was Gentle Snow,” Ghost Axe suddenly added. “She said you’ll know who she is once you hear this name.”

“Big Sis Snow?” Zhuo Yalin’s voice was full of excitement. “Take us there quickly!”

“Big Sis is back?” A look of surprise also appeared on Lin Yaoyue’s face.

Hearing the two’s urging, Ghost Axe dared not waste any time and hurriedly led them to the forest where he came across Gentle Snow. Meanwhile, Zhuo Yalin and Lin Yaoyue followed him closely without hesitation.

Upon seeing this scene, the female Swordsman who previously mocked Ghost Axe couldn’t help but be stunned. She also couldn’t help but wonder who Gentle Snow was.

In no time, Lin Yaoyue and Zhuo Yalin arrived at a temporary campsite under Ghost Axe’s lead. Then, when they spotted two familiar faces sitting around the campsite, unprecedented joy and excitement colored their faces.

Subsequently, Lin Yaoyue and Zhuo Yalin brought the team of eight Tier 5 players away from the island on their Bronze Warship, making a bee for the Abyssal Star City, the Asura Mercenary Alliance’s main headquarters.

As the Asura Mercenary Alliance’s main headquarters, Abyssal Star City attracted tons of visitors every day, many of which came to join the mercenary alliance. Many powers had also chosen to settle down in Abyssal Star City, causing the city’s player population to reach a frightening level.

Nowadays, even Asura members with priority access to the city have to queue up for several hours to enter the city. As for non-members, it was anyone’s guess as to how long they had to wait in line.

Of all the members in the Asura Mercenary Alliance, only those holding the position of core member or above could enter the city without having to wait in line. And although many powers have offered to pay sky-high prices for a similar privilege for some of their members, Lin Yaoyue and Zhuo Yalin never agreed to their requests.

…

Abyssal Star City, Asura Mercenary Alliance’s headquarters, top-floor conference room: Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Who do you think that man and woman are, Big Sis Reaver? I’ve never seen Miss Clear Sky and Miss Zhuo Yalin get so excited before. They even called for an emergency meeting among the alliance’s other executives,” a female Guardian Knight curiously asked the female Swordsman standing next to her as she looked at the door next to her.

The female Swordsman was named Sound Reaver and held extraordinary status in the Asura Mercenary Alliance. On top of being the number one expert among Asura’s rookie geniuses, she was also recruited as the disciple of Chief Administrator Hidden Soul three months ago.

“I’m not sure about the woman,” Sound Reaver said, shaking her head. Then, her expression suddenly became solemn as she continued, “But I have some ideas about the man.”

“Although that man is a Tier 5 player, I didn’t feel anything special or dangerous about him,” the female Guardian Knight commented when she heard Sound Reaver’s words. “Could he be some young master from the Green God Corporation?”

“No!” After a slight pause, Sound Reaver said, “He is very likely to be the rumored founder of the Asura Mercenary Alliance…Black Flame!”