Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 527 – Number One Swordsman’s Sword

As the clash between tens of thousands of Tier 5 experts took place outside Abyssal Star City, the various powers spectating from within the city gained a new understanding of the Asura Mercenary Alliance and Zero Wing. It was especially so for Zero Wing.

It should be known that Abyssal Star City was currently facing the combined assault of three upper-ranking hegemonic powers without the assistance of the city’s defensive magic array.

If any other power in the Miniature Ancient World faced such a predicament, their city would quickly fall into ruin, and their forces annihilated. Yet, the Asura Mercenary Alliance was evenly matched with the three upper-ranking hegemonic powers.

…No. The Asura Mercenary Alliance wasn’t just evenly matched. It was even slowly gaining an advantage under the lead of Zero Wing’s 20-plus experts.

“Incredible! Zero Wing’s strength is simply astonishing!”

“Many rumors have speculated that Zero Wing doesn’t have any capable experts other than Black Flame, but in reality, Zero Wing is actually a den of monsters!”

“Three Golden Masters! What kind of origin does Zero Wing’s Guild Leader possess to command such experts?”

Most of the hegemonic powers operating in the Miniature Ancient World looked down on the miniature world’s native powers, so much so that they wouldn’t even bother forming partnerships with them. After all, no matter how powerful a native power was, its strength was only limited to the Miniature Ancient World.

Once the Miniature Ancient World’s native powers set foot into the vast Greater God’s Domain, be it the various superpowers or the Miniature Ancient World’s number one power, all would become insignificant existences.

Even Black Flame’s achievement of getting into the Luminous Glory List was only enough to make the various hegemonic powers feel surprised. It still wasn’t enough to get them to put any significance on him. After all, a genius was only a genius.

But after today, the hegemonic powers operating in the Miniature Ancient World had to re-evaluate the significance of Zero Wing and the Asura Mercenary Alliance.

A force consisting of three Golden Masters and over twenty Tier 5 experts with Tier 6 combat power was one to be wary of in any Realm. After all, once these individuals advanced to Tier 6, there was no doubt they could become bona fide powerhouses in the Greater God’s Domain. If all of these individuals reached Tier 6, it might even be enough to elevate Zero Wing and Asura to the status of an upper-ranking hegemonic power.

Meanwhile, the opportunity to partner with a future upper-ranking hegemonic power was a huge temptation for any hegemonic power operating in the Greater God’s Domain.

This was because an upper-ranking hegemonic power could hold control over resources far beyond the imagination of ordinary hegemonic powers. Meanwhile, to gain access to these resources, one would normally have to join an upper-ranking hegemonic power. The only problem was that in a situation where resources were limited, the various upper-ranking hegemonic powers wouldn’t casually absorb ordinary hegemonic powers.

But it was a different story for a new and emerging upper-ranking hegemonic power. A new upper-ranking hegemonic power would need many affiliated powers to assist its development. It was especially so when it came to the management of territories and recruitment of geniuses. Without the help of affiliated powers, an upper-ranking hegemonic power would have a much more difficult time competing with other upper-ranking hegemonic powers.

“We can’t continue like this, Nightmare,” Wraith Saint hurriedly said when he saw that the casualties on their side had exceeded 10,000 already. “Even if we can win, we’ll lose at least 70% of our Tier 5 experts. If we sustain such heavy losses in this critical juncture, we will have trouble dealing with the other upper-ranking hegemonic powers.”

While upper-ranking hegemonic powers such as the Hades Society, Primal Empire, and Sacred Tribe did not consider Tier 5 experts as strategic assets, losing 70% would still be a huge blow to them. This was more than just a matter of losing some levels. Even more important was the loss of weapons and equipment.

After all, while Tier 5 experts might not be considered strategic assets, they remained the mainstays of the three upper-ranking hegemonic powers. Many of these experts owned Fragmented Legendary items, which were still considered precious items even in the Greater God’s Domain. Even if the Hades Society, Primal Empire, and Sacred Tribe were upper-ranking hegemonic powers, they would still find it difficult to handle losing tens of thousands of Fragmented Legendary items all of a sudden.

“In that case, we’ll take away their head first!” Nightmare Chaser said as he looked at Shi Feng, who was currently operating Abyssal Star City’s magic barrier. “You still have your Doppelganger Skill, right? Help me keep the two from Scarecrow Fox busy while I finish that kid!”

Most cities in God’s Domain came with two magic arrays. The first was a defensive magic array meant to prevent enemies from invading the city, while the second was a magic barrier meant to buff the city’s defenders. If a city’s magic barrier had someone actively controlling it, it could grant even greater bonuses to allies. Meanwhile, the presence of these two magic arrays was why it was so difficult to besiege cities in God’s Domain.

Currently, it might seem like the Asura Mercenary Alliance was disadvantaged in numbers, but every one of them received at least a 15% boost to their Basic Attributes from Abyssal Star City’s magic barrier. This allowed Asura’s members to surpass their forces’ Basic Attributes by a large margin. If not for this buff, Gentle Snow and the others would have never been able to overturn the situation to such a great extent.

“Okay!”

Wraith Saint nodded. Immediately, he used his Tier 6 Legacy Skill Hundred Shadows, instantly splitting into a hundred copies of himself.

Every copy had 100% of his Basic Attributes, and they could last up to one minute. Of course, as players weren’t superhumans, Wraith Saint could only focus on controlling ten of his doppelgangers, ensuring that each of them had the combat standard of a titled expert. As for his other doppelgangers, they would only be at the Refinement Realm standard.

Even so, Hundred Shadows still allowed Wraith Saint to become a very tricky opponent to deal with in the Void Sea, and the average Tier 6 Saint could only flee when encountering him.

Meanwhile, upon using Hundred Shadows, Wraith Saint promptly used his doppelgangers to pin down Ink Qilin and River Light, preventing them from saving Shi Feng. He also sent some doppelgangers to distract Gentle Snow, stopping her rampage.

“Kid! Let’s see who can save you this time!”

Using the opportunity Wraith Saint created, Nightmare Chaser quickly appeared before Shi Feng and summoned hundreds of dead souls from his Revenant Blade. Every one of these dead souls had the ability to devour souls, and three to five of them were enough to devour a Tier 5 player’s Immortal Soul completely.

Combination Absolute Technique, Soul Slaughter!

After summoning the dead souls, Nightmare Chaser promptly used them in conjunction with a Combination Absolute Technique, the presence he exuded at this moment causing even a Tier 6 player like Wraith Saint to feel a chill crawl down his back. As for everyone else, they felt as if death had just embraced them.

“Guild Leader! Dodge it!”

Hidden Soul and the others panicked when they saw the dead souls Nightmare Chaser summoned.

Even a real Tier 6 player would have difficulty defending themselves against the simultaneous attack of hundreds of dead souls. Not to mention, those dead souls could not be blocked by players…

However, just when it seemed like the dead souls were about to devour Shi Feng, Shi Feng nonchalantly glanced at Nightmare Chaser and unsheathed the Winter of Eternal Night and Shadow Incinerator. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Subsequently, Shi Feng split into multiple copies of himself in mid-air, each copy creating a spiraling river of stars around them that distorted the surrounding space.

Gold Combat Technique, Flowing Space!

Sword’s Orbit!