Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 348 - Stealing Food from the Tiger’s Mouth

The Sky Piercer’s destructive power had far surpassed everyone’s imaginations.

The entire street had been destroyed, and other than Weissman and the Mechanical Slayer, nothing remained.

It was simply a spell, yet it carried the power to decimate the heaven and earth.

Many of the players present even began to wonder whether they were still inside a game.

The heavy air, the chilling wind, the pungent smell of blood, the vibrations from the ground, and the pain they felt were constant reminders of where they were.

Suddenly, everyone realized that God’s Domain was completely different from the virtual reality games they had played in the past.

In their opinion, a virtual reality game was merely an accumulation of numbers and data. Even if they grew powerful inside a game, at most, they would deal higher amounts of damage. It wouldn’t be surprising for a player to deal damage in the millions or tens of millions. After all, it was just a bunch of data. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

No matter how realistic God’s Domain was, at the end of the day, it was still only a virtual reality game. Nothing inside the game was real.

At this day and age, this belief was well rooted in players’ minds, and they never strayed from it.

However, they suddenly realized that they were wrong.

“So strong!”

“Is this the strength of a Tier 4 class?”

“If we can become Tier 4 classes, will we be that strong as well?”

Everyone gazed at Weissman who was still hovering in midair. At this moment, excitement, fear, and longing filled their minds.

There were no superheroes or espers in real life. No human was capable of flying freely in the sky. However, such feats could actually be achieved in this incomparably realistic world known as God’s Domain. It was as if everyone had arrived in a world of miracles.

Considering the current situation, people no longer thought of God’s Domain as just another virtual reality game. Instead, God’s Domain was a world where they could start their second life!

I have underestimated Weissman... to think he could actually cast Tier 4 magic with such ease. Relying on his astonishing speed, Shi Feng had managed to escape the effective range of Weissman’s Sky Piercer, so he had not received any damage from the resulting shockwave.

Normally, high-tiered spells required a very long casting time. During this period, others could easily interrupt the caster and inflict significant amounts of damage. Normally, when one fought an opponent of the same tier, very rarely did they have the chance to cast high-tiered spells. Instead, they would use low-tiered spells with shorter cast times.

It was extremely difficult to cast a Tier 4 spell in the midst of battle like Weissman had when faced with an equal opponent.

Yet, even when facing a Mutant like the Mechanical Slayer, Weissman had still managed to cast a Tier 4 destructive spell effortlessly. It was apparent just how powerful Weissman was.

While Shi Feng had focused on Weissman, the Mechanical Slayer had flown out from the crater the Sky Piercer had created.

“What? It’s still alive, even after taking a hit from a Tier 4 spell?” Shi Feng was slightly surprised when he saw the wounded Slayer.

The effects of high-level magic weren’t limited to HP damage alone. It could also damage the enemy’s physical condition.

In battles, HP only served as a reference. In certain cases, even when players only had 1 HP remaining, their combat power would not be affected in the slightest; they could still display 100% of their actual combat power. Yet, sometimes, despite losing only a thread of their HP, players’ combat power might be greatly affected, leaving them capable of displaying only 10%.

High-tiered skills were so powerful was because not only could they cause a frightening amount of damage, but they could also greatly affect the enemy’s combat power.

At this moment, although the Mechanical Slayer looked like a mess with many wounds covering its body and less than 50% of its HP remaining, the spell had not significantly damaged its combat power.

“What an enviable physique.”

Shi Feng had been a Tier 3 Sword King in his past life, so he understood how important a strong physique was to a player.

Although the Mechanical Slayer had less than 50% HP remaining right now, its remaining HP was not much different than the HP Weissman possessed. With its combat power unaffected, the Mechanical Slayer could still challenge Weissman.

However, the Mechanical Slayer’s next action had completely surpassed Shi Feng’s imagination. After flying into the air, instead of launching an attack at Weissman, the Mechanical Slayer turned tail and ran.

This scene stupefied every player present.

Nobody could have imagined that the Mechanical Slayer would actually flee after realizing that it could not win against Weissman. The Mechanical Slayer’s intelligence far surpassed any ordinary monster.

Unfortunately for the Mechanical Slayer, Weissman had no intention of letting it escape. Using Instantaneous Movement, Weissman teleported to the Mechanical Slayer’s side and immediately used Snowy Explosion. Countless frost arrows pelted the Mechanical Slayer’s body. In the blink of an eye, the Mechanical Slayer had frozen into an ice sculpture. The Mechanical Slayer’s frozen body then plummeted towards the ground, the impact creating a massive hole in the ground.

Following which, Weissman waved his staff. Suddenly, multiple aqua blue magic arrays appeared around his body. Water dragons emerged from these magic arrays and shot towards the Mutant. These water dragons wrapped around the Slayer and buried their vicious teeth in its flesh, restraining the Mechanical Slayer in a large ball of water.

This was the Tier 2 spell, Water Binding. When used, it restricted the target’s movements.

Now unable to move, the Mechanical Slayer immediately used Bladestorm. Not only did the skill increase its Movement Speed, but it also made the Mechanical Slayer immune to all magical control effects. After breaking out of Weissman’s Water Binding, the Mechanical Slayer spun towards the Great Wizard.

Reacting quickly, Weissman immediately started chanting the incantation of another spell, his hand having already written three lines of runes. A moment later, an Ice Shield appeared, covering his body. The Ice Shield could absorb a massive amount of damage. At the same time, the shield would slow enemies who managed to land a hit.

Even after the Mechanical Slayer’s greatsword repeatedly struck Weissman’s Ice Shield for three full seconds, the Ice Shield remained in one piece. At this moment, however, multiple scars had appeared on the Ice Shield, and from the looks of it, the layer of ice would not hold on for long.

At this moment, Weissman had also readied the Tier 3 spell, Earthen Spear.

Suddenly, brownish-yellow spears protruded and shot out of the ground, bombarding the spinning Mechanical Slayer. Not only did these spears cause significant damage, but they had also forced the Mechanical Slayer into a constant retreat. After being struck by a total of 21 earthen spears, the Mechanical Slayer had been forced back over 30 yards.

In a fit of rage, the Mechanical Slayer threw its serrated greatsword at Weissman.

Unperturbed, Weissman used Instantaneous Movement to dodge the simple attack. Immediately after, Weissman bombarded the Mechanical Slayer with dozens of lightning snakes.

While Weissman and the Mechanical Slayer clashed, Shi Feng quietly snuck closer to them.

After the battle had reached this point, Shi Feng could tell that the Mechanical Slayer was no match for Weissman.

Although the Mechanical Slayer was not weak, Mutants needed time to grow. Originally, the gap between the Mechanical Slayer and Weissman should not have been so wide. However, aside from having a severely lacking repertoire of skills, the Mechanical Slayer was also inexperienced with evading attacks and controlling its own body, resulting in such a wide gap between itself and its opponent.

With the Mechanical Slayer’s current combat power, it would have no problems dealing with Tier 3 Upper-rank NPCs.

If given more time to grow, even Weissman might not be a match for the Slayer. After all, a Mutant transformed from a High Lord ranked monster possessed extremely frightening potential.

Meanwhile, if such a powerful Mutant were killed...

Whether it was the EXP or loot, the rewards would be astonishing.

Now that everyone had witnessed how powerful both the Mechanical Slayer and Weissman were, unless they wished to die, nobody would be so stupid as to move closer as these powerhouses faced off. So, the players present quietly observed the battle from a distance. The moment Weissman killed the Mechanical Slayer, they would rush forward to fight for the Mutant’s loot.

Hence, Shi Feng intended to make his move first.

If he waited until after the battle ended to make his move, he would not stand a chance against tens of thousands of players. Moreover, Shi Feng was not interested in the Mechanical Slayer’s loot alone. He also desired the EXP the Mechanical Slayer would provide.

Both the Seven Luminaries Ring and the skill Flame Burst were of great use to Shi Feng.

However, if he wanted to upgrade and increase their might, he needed a large amount of EXP.

If he could steal the last hit of the Mechanical Slayer, he could obtain 60% of the Slayer’s EXP for himself. This would not be a small number.