Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 549 – Super S-Rank Evaluation

Thank you readers!

At the upper level’s 16,800-meter mark, 21 Advanced Magic Puppets that rivaled Level 158, Tier 6 Divine monsters in strength were currently attacking a Level 158, Tier 5 Grand Wizard.

The Grand Wizard was a young man wearing a dark gray robe, and he had dark-blue divine patterns marking his eyes, giving him a profound appearance. The Grand Wizard would simultaneously cast four Tier 5 Spells of four different elements time and again in retaliation against the Advanced Magic Puppets’ attacks. Though unlike the average Grand Wizard, the young man could cast his Tier 5 Spells without uttering a single chant.

The four Tier 5 Spells the young man chose to cast were of the wind, fire, water, and earth elements. After casting these Spells, the young man would merge them into one, drastically increasing their raw power and enabling it to send multiple Advanced Magic Puppets flying over dozens of yards at a time. And while this wasn’t enough to stop all of the Advanced Magic Puppets from attacking him, it was enough to break the battle array that strengthened them.

After sending another group of Advanced Magic Puppets flying, the young man looked at the distant sky with a solemn gaze.

How can such volatile mana be drained completely? The young man frowned in confusion as he recalled the two people who had overtaken him some time ago. Is there really such a large gap between me and them?

The mana present on the Golden Spire’s upper level was much more violent than on the lower level. Even with his standards, the young man could only ensure that the volatile mana did not negatively affect him. He couldn’t even make this highly volatile mana into his own, let alone drain a 10,000-yard radius dry of this volatile mana.

As the most talented chosen one to have appeared in the Star Dynasty in the past hundred years, Sleeping Spark always believed that nobody could surpass him. Even the successors of the various apex powers’ Taboos were of little significance in his eyes.

In fact, Sleeping Spark had even planned to challenge the various apex powers’ Taboos as soon as he advanced to Tier 6 and got his hands on a Divine Artifact.

He was just that confident in his strength and talent.

Yet, now…two people had surpassed his progress in the Golden Spire. Moreover, both individuals were roughly the same age as he was, with the Blood Elf Swordsman being even younger than him.

No! I cannot lose to them! Even if they are faster, I will be the one to have the last laugh! Sleeping Spark thought determinedly as he looked at the distant staircase.

It was indeed outside of Sleeping Spark’s expectations for Shi Feng and Aurebeth to overtake him. However, it was also a fact that he had yet to go all out.

Due to his status as the Star Dynasty’s most talented chosen one, he was granted the use of the Eye of Divine Punishment, a top-tier Legendary Staff. If he activated the Berserk Skill that came with the staff, he could become a Tier 6 player for a short period. In that state, he could even put up a fight against a Tier 6 Dragon, let alone the Magic Puppets, which were only comparable to the average Tier 6 Divine monster.

But just as Sleeping Spark was preparing to advance, a loud explosion suddenly reverberated throughout the upper level.

Subsequently, Sleeping Spark saw the staircase in the distance above him shattering. Then, dense and oppressive mana began falling like raindrops, staining the world around him with darkness.

How…is this possible?! Sleeping Spark became dumbfounded as he gazed at the falling rain of darkness. A God! This is a Tier 6 God’s mana! Could they be fighting against a Tier 6 God up there?!

Tier 6 Gods!

They were the apex existences of the Greater God’s Domain. It was especially so when it came to mana. The mana of Tier 6 Gods had reached a density so extraordinary that it was basically uniquely available only to them.

Even if it was Sleeping Spark, he could only hope to put up a fight against a Tier 6 God after he himself had gotten promoted to Tier 6. If he tried to fight a Tier 6 God when he was at Tier 5, even with the help of the Eye of Divine Punishment, he would only be met with certain death. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Before Sleeping Spark could recover from his shock, a series of system announcements sounded in his ears.

…

Regional System Announcement: Congratulations to Black Flame for conquering the 20,000-meter mark of the Golden Spire’s Upper Level and becoming the Golden Spire’s first Qualified Candidate. All Advanced Magic Puppets on the Upper Level will be upgraded into Special Magic Puppets. All other players challenging the Upper Level will be automatically teleported back to the Upper Level’s Starting Temple in five seconds.

Regional System Announcement: All players teleported back to the Upper Level’s Starting Temple may choose to settle their challenge rewards or begin a new challenge.

…

The system announcements repeated three times, leaving all players climbing the Golden Spire in a stupified state.

“Black Flame? Isn’t he the guy who killed the Star Dynasty’s Demon Axe War God?”

“I heard that the Star Dynasty has already put a bounty on him. Yet, even with a bounty on his head, he still managed to climb to the upper level’s 20,000-meter mark! Isn’t he a little too strong?!”

“Calling him strong is an understatement. Last I heard, the Star Dynasty’s Sleeping Spark only reached the 10,000-meter mark after climbing the upper level for around two days. In comparison, even though Black Flame had such a late start, he still became the first to reach the 20,000-meter mark. I doubt even the various apex powers’ chosen ones can match his talent and strength.”

“But isn’t he only ranked eleventh on the Sacred Glory List?”

When the players stuck on the lower level heard the system announcements, they reacted with shock and excitement.

Previously, when Shi Feng had slain the Demon Axe War God outside the Golden Spire, everyone thought that Shi Feng was crazy and ignorant. After all, he was blatantly provoking a pseudo-apex power while having no significant background. He had no idea how powerful the various pseudo-apex powers’ chosen ones were.

But after seeing Shi Feng surpass the various pseudo-apex powers’ chosen ones, everyone quickly came to a realization.

—A monster would soon emerge in the Eternal Realm.

Moreover, this would be a monster that would shake the entire Greater God’s Domain in the future. It had been a very long time since such a thing had happened, and they were fortunate enough to witness the beginning of this legend.

…

Compared to the players on the lower level, Solitary Glow and Dragon Soul found Shi Feng’s accomplishment even more shocking.

They had personally experienced the difficulty of the upper level’s 10,000-meter mark. That was no longer a challenge that could be overcome with the help of a Mana Domain. Meanwhile, it went without saying that the trial to reach the 20,000-meter mark would only be vastly more difficult.

Not to mention, apart from completing the 20,000-meter mark’s trial, Shi Feng had also overtaken the almighty Sleeping Spark.

It should be known that the Star Dynasty had already recognized Sleeping Spark as one of the Guild’s Taboos. So long as he got promoted to Tier 6 and got his hands on a Divine Artifact, he could immediately stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the other Taboos of the Guild. Hence, compared to reaching the 20,000-meter mark, Solitary Glow and Dragon Soul found it even more astonishing that Shi Feng overtook Sleeping Spark.

However, compared to those two impressive feats, what unnerved Solitary Glow and Dragon Soul, even more, was the Tier 6 God’s mana they felt raining down from the sky a moment ago. And the reason for their shock was because of the fluctuations the mana gave off.

That was Shi Feng’s mana!

They had accompanied Shi Feng up the upper level’s staircase for some time, so they would never mistake it. But what kind of monster did Shi Feng have to be to develop his mana to match the standard of Tier 6 Gods?

Regardless, the fact that such a monster was Seven Melody’s friend left Solitary Glow and Dragon Soul with no choice but to reassess the young miss’s position in her family.

…

Meanwhile, out of everyone in the Golden Spire, the person most surprised by Shi Feng’s achievement would have to be Aqua Rose.

This was because nobody knew Shi Feng’s origins better than she did. As someone who came from the same God’s Domain, she knew their homeworld’s lack of resources. It would be a miracle if their homeworld could even produce a talent rivaling chosen ones such as Solitary Glow.

After today, Shi Feng, as an individual, would most likely have the qualifications to speak to a pseudo-apex power’s Guild Leader as an equal.

…

While everyone else on the upper level was teleported back to the starting area, Shi Feng stepped onto the 20,000-meter mark with a pale complexion.

The instant he stepped onto the 20,000-meter mark, system notifications sounded in his ears one after another.

…

System: Congratulations! You have become the Golden Spire’s first Qualified Candidate. Rewarding Levels +5 and Eternal Realm Reputation +50.

System: Congratulations! You have completed the Advanced Abyssal Trial with a Super S-rank evaluation. You may choose to receive an Abyssal Treasure or an Abyssal Guidance.

...