Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 588 – War Goddess VS Gorgon Queen

The underground plaza was spacious, but Shi Feng wouldn’t need more than three seconds to cross it and reach the treasury, thanks to his Basic Attributes having reached the Tier 6 standard.

“Despicable ant! Die!”

But when Shi Feng was only halfway to reaching the treasury, the Gorgon Queen suddenly appeared next to him as if she had just teleported, and she looked at him with a pair of eyes that seemed like it could pierce the soul and mesmerize anything in the world.

At this moment, even while standing nearly 700 yards away, Extreme Feather could feel her soul shuddering.

Without a doubt, the mental attack the Gorgon Queen used this time was on a completely different level than the one she used previously. In fact, the mental attack had instantly petrified the several dozen Holy Race experts within a 200-yard radius of the Gorgon Queen.

However, what happened next caused Extreme Feather’s eyes to go wide.

Impossible!

Extreme Feather couldn’t help but doubt her eyes when she saw Shi Feng pausing for only a moment before continuing his charge toward the treasury.

Based on her senses, Extreme Feather felt that there was a huge possibility the Gorgon Queen’s second mental attack could petrify even her. The experts petrified by the Gorgon Queen also served as a good measurement.

Each of those petrified experts possessed Concentration at the Tier 6 Intermediate standard. It was also why they had survived the Gorgon Queen’s first mental attack while those who only possessed Tier 6 Basic Concentration didn’t. Now, though, these experts with Tier 6 Intermediate Concentration had died after merely getting struck by the ripples of the Gorgon Queen’s second mental attack.

Even though Extreme Feather had Tier 6 Advanced Concentration, she highly doubted she could survive if she were the target of such an attack. And even if she could survive it, she would most likely be put in a daze for a long time.

Yet, what was up with Shi Feng?

Despite being the target of the Gorgon Queen’s single-target mental attack, Shi Feng only froze briefly before he resumed charging toward the treasury. He made it seem as if the Gorgon Queen’s mental attack was only a tickle that only managed to distract him for a moment. The attack utterly failed to cause any substantial harm to him.

At this moment, Extreme Feather wasn’t the only one stunned by this outcome. The Gorgon Queen similarly did not expect her attack to have so little effect, and she was so surprised that she forgot to chase after Shi Feng right away.

As for Shi Feng, he kept on dashing for the treasury with a frantically beating heart.

Almost!

For a moment there, Shi Feng nearly had his consciousness dragged out of his body and lost control over his body.

Fortunately, he had instinctively used the Mental Condensation technique taught to him by the Primordial Abyssal God at the very last moment, which, in turn, dragged his separating consciousness back into his body.

“Despicable ant! You won’t get a second chance!”

When the Gorgon Queen saw Shi Feng crossing the treasury’s doors, a layer of gloom colored her beautiful face, and the temperature of her surroundings instantly rose by a hundred degrees. Immediately, she slithered after Shi Feng, rapidly reducing the distance between them. At the same time, she summoned two crescent blades into her hands and transformed them into an illusory behemoth that tried to devour Shi Feng with its gaping maw.

Upon seeing this scene, the escaping Holy Race experts shuddered in fear. The shock they experienced from witnessing this scene was also a hundred times greater than when they saw the Gorgon Queen instantly killing thousands of their companions.

A Gold Holy Art!?Extreme Feather gasped when she saw the illusory behemoth that was a thousand meters tall.

Holy Arts were unique to Holy Race players. They were similar to the combat techniques of human players, and they could be categorized into three ranks: Bronze, Silver, and Gold.

Holy Arts were incredibly difficult to use. Because of this, players who could make use of Bronze Holy Arts would already be considered experts among Holy Race players, while those who mastered a Silver Holy Arts would be treated as core members if they joined a power.

As for Gold Holy Arts, they were so complex that even Extreme Feather had only mastered one thus far.

However, in exchange for their complexity, Gold Holy Arts were incredibly powerful, and Extreme Feather couldn’t even begin to imagine how powerful one could be in the hands of a monster of the Gorgon Queen’s caliber.

War Goddess Summoning!

Heroic Pledge! T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

When Shi Feng sensed the behemoth appearing behind him, he promptly activated the Feather of Oath’s Skills without hesitation. He did not dare attempt to endure the Gorgon Queen’s attack himself.

Unlike everyone else present, he was the Gorgon Queen’s primary target. When the Gorgon Queen summoned the illusory behemoth, she also launched a mental attack at him. In such a situation, he was already fortunate he could retain his consciousness. He didn’t have any spare energy to retaliate against the illusory behemoth.

Subsequently, a Tier 6 War Goddess appeared between him and the illusory behemoth, and she stabbed at the behemoth with the spear she wielded, the weapon expanding in size as it closed in on the behemoth.

Boom!

A deafening explosion rocked the entire underground plaza and created a hole through the roof of the plaza, the hole extending all the way to the surface. The explosion also gave everyone present a mild concussion.

He blocked it?

When Extreme Feather saw Shi Feng standing inside the treasury unharmed, she couldn’t help but be greatly shocked. She never thought the Gorgon Queen would fail to kill Shi Feng time and again. Moreover, even the War Goddess summoned by Shi Feng had only stumbled a few steps back after blocking the Gorgon Queen’s attack.

One item… Two items… Three items.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng had already moved several items from the treasury into his bag space, the sight causing the Gorgon Queen’s gaze to turn even colder.

“Despicable ant! Do you think a War Goddess is enough to stop me?!” the Gorgon Queen bellowed. “Disappear from this world!”

After saying so, the Gorgon Queen began chanting an incantation composed using an ancient language, her voice echoing throughout the entire Nameless City. Immediately afterward, both the Nameless City’s Mana and Holy Power began gathering around the Gorgon Queen.

Tier 6 Super Spell, Chaos Spear!

When Shi Feng sensed the frightening amount of energy gathered around the Gorgon Queen, he understood that he was about to overstay his welcome. Immediately, he took out a Tier 4 Random Teleportation Scroll and used it to teleport out of the Nameless City.

However, even after teleporting out of the treasury, Shi Feng still wasn’t assured, and he promptly used World-Breaking Teleportation to return to the Eternal Continent’s Crystal City of Secrets, thoroughly vanishing from the Western Continent.

At the same time Shi Feng disappeared from the treasury, the Gorgon Queen also finished the final verse of her incantation. Subsequently, a spear radiating the aura of death formed in her hand, and she threw the spear at the location where Shi Feng previously stood in the treasury.

When the Chaos Spear arrived at where Shi Feng disappeared from, it traced the spatial ripples in the area and instantly appeared at the location where Shi Feng had randomly teleported to. Immediately afterward, it followed the spatial ripples there and disappeared once again.

The next time the Chaos Spear appeared, it had already arrived above the Crystal City of Secrets. Following its appearance, a mighty aura of death enveloped the entire Crystal City, causing all players within the city to shudder in shock and fear.

Before the Crystal City’s players could react, the Chaos Spear fell from the sky.