Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 353 - One-Hit Asura (2)

“I never really have enough EXP. However, I can only leave it for now. Even if I fall back to Level 0, I won’t have enough EXP to upgrade the skill,” Shi Feng laughed bitterly as he looked at his own level.

Level 21.

His current level was even lower than before he had returned to White River City. However, his combat power was much higher than any ordinary Level 34 player.

Meanwhile, Turtledove and Shadow Sword were completely stupefied right now.

Within minutes, a Level 34 player had fallen to Level 21. Turtledove and Shadow Sword had even wondered if their eyes were playing tricks on them. How could a player’s level decrease by itself? Although they both eagerly wanted to ask Shi Feng the about his Level, they felt embarrassed to do so. After all, they had yet to join Zero Wing officially. As the leader of a Guild, how could they presume to ask for Shi Feng’s secrets?

Although Shi Feng could discern the doubts filling the minds of the two minds beside him, he did not bother to explain himself. This was his secret. If the matter of the Seven Luminaries Ring were revealed, a calamity would definitely befall him in the future.

At this moment, Shi Feng received another system notification.

System: Guild Crusade Quest completed. Zero Wing’s Popularity increased by 30,000 points.

System: Congratulations player for completing a Guild Crusade Quest. Rewarding 70 White River City Reputation Points and 5,000,000 EXP. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Suddenly, Shi Feng’s level recovered to Level 22.

“Guild Leader, we’ve secured all of the treasure in Creek Town. Everyone’s Reputation had increased beyond 100 points, and we’ve become nobles. We won’t suffer any consequences if we enter the city as Red Names now. Fire Dance and the others have returned to the city to accept their class change quests,” Aqua Rose suddenly reported through the team chat.

“Good. The rest of you should return as well. While you’re at it, summon all members of Zero Wing to the Teleportation Hall,” Shi Feng said, smiling faintly as he watched the current stalemate on the battlefield.

Today was destined to be an extraordinary night. It was also the night when Zero Wing would fully emerge from the shadows.

“I understand. We’ll hurry over immediately,” Aqua Rose answered without hesitation before disconnecting the call. At this point, Aqua Rose no longer doubted Shi Feng’s decisions.

After the call ended, Shi Feng remained sitting on the rooftop, quietly observing the intense battle below.

After another hour had passed, the number of players still alive on the battlefield had dwindled down from the initial 500,000 to less than 100,000. The brutality of the war far exceeded everyone’s imaginations.

Throughout this period, other players would slaughter anyone who dared approach the loot from the Mechanical Slayer regardless of who they were.

Even when a Guild had sent hundreds of members charging forward, the result was the same.

In the end, the situation had devolved into one where it became impossible for one side to steal any of the drops without annihilating everyone else.

However, along with the decrease of players, Guilds’ advantages began to reveal themselves. Among the tens of thousands of players remaining, a large majority of them were Guild players. Meanwhile, the number of independent players decreased as some independent players had opted to give up and retreat from the battlefield.

Without the interruption from independent players, the various Guilds had also started to make their moves. Gradually, one Guild after another charged towards the unclaimed loot.

However, how could the other Guilds willingly sit by and watch as other Guilds obtained the drops of the Mechanical Slayer? Hence, the Guilds present split their members into two groups: one to hinder the other Guilds and one to seize the items.

As a result, the various Guilds initiated another intense battle with each other.

“These items all belong to Dark Star! Do you think small Guilds like you are worthy of fighting us?” Lone Tyrant swung his shield, slamming it into a Swordsman from a small Guild and sending him flying. He then bellowed, “Assassins, go for the items! Everyone else, protect them!”

Immediately, dozens of Assassins from Dark Star sped forward, while the other members of Dark Star opened a path for these Assassins.

“You wish to take those items? Have you sought my permission to do so yet?” Red Feather led his subordinates forward, gradually approaching the drops while hindering Dark Star.

Simultaneously, Emperor’s Light, the Assassin’s Alliance, and World Dominators also began to fight their way forward.

Although these powerful Guilds were very strong, the small Guilds were no fools. These powerful Guilds’ main target would be the highest concentration of loot. Hence, as unrated Guilds, rather than competing over these locations, it would be far wiser for them to compete over locations with fewer items. That way, they would have fewer challengers.

Meanwhile, seeing the various Guilds picking up drops one after another, the independent players watching from the outskirts of the battlefield could not help but grow envious.

At this moment, however, the Guilds that had managed to secure some drops for themselves also displayed grim expressions.

Originally, they had been fighting vigorously while ignoring all costs in order to secure the loot. After all, as long as they put these items into their bag, even if they died, these items would not drop.

However, now that they had gotten their hands on these items, the result was completely different from what they expected.

Any players holding the dropped items had to stay alive and hold said items for two hours. If killed during this time, the dropped items would automatically fall from the player’s bag.

“What the hell is going on here?” Lone Tyrant looked at the dropped item inside his bag, his brows wrinkled.

To secure the dropped items, they had not held anything back while slaughtering their way forward, even at the expense of sacrificing their own companions. Meanwhile, the only reason Lone Tyrant willing made such a huge sacrifice was because he knew that they could take ownership of the dropped items the moment they got their hands on them. At this moment, out of the 10,000-plus Dark Star members who had arrived, less than 1,000 remained. Yet, Lone Tyrant had made all those sacrifices only to find out that the battle was not over yet. The dropped items they had obtained could switch ownership at any given moment.

At this moment, all those who managed to obtain a dropped item felt their blood rush to their heads.

Due to this sudden change, another change also swept through the battlefield.

The various Guilds immediately started relocating their members who had managed to obtain a drop. Simultaneously, they had also sent more people to kill the members of other Guilds who held items. Suddenly, the battlefield became even more fierce than before.

At this point, the more members a Guild possessed, the greater the advantage it had. Meanwhile, as the Guild with the most members remaining at this moment, Dark Star was also the Guild that had looted the most items.

Very quickly, Dark Star looted another dozen or so items. In addition to the ones they had previously obtained, the number of dropped items now in Dark Star’s possession totaled 24. At this moment, aside from Shi Feng, Dark Star had the largest harvest.

Just as the escort Lone Tyrant personally led was about enter White River City’s safe zone...

Suddenly, a black figure appeared before Lone Tyrant.

“Black Flame, should I commend you for your bravery or stupidity? Despite managing to escape, rather than going into hiding with the items you obtained, you actually dare appear before me once again. Very well. Today, I will finish you off. As for the items in your possession, they will all belong to Dark Star.”

Lone Tyrant recognized Shi Feng almost instantly. With a sneer, he waved his hand. Over a hundred melee players surrounded Shi Feng, while the mages at the rear line started chanting their spells. The healers also began to back off. This time, however, they stood sparsely apart from each other. Obviously, they had done so to avoid getting caught by Shi Feng’s large-scale AOE magic and that silencing field which prevented them from using any of their skills or tools.

“Black Flame, you must feel so helpless when you see this formation, no? You will definitely die this time. If you have to blame someone, blame yourself for showing up in front of me,” Lone Tyrant boasted.

Shi Feng simply smiled at Dark Star’s formation.

If this had happened before he had upgraded the Seven Luminaries Ring, this formation would have caused him a headache. With several hundred people standing so sparsely, the effective range of Firestorm and Absolute Time would indeed be insufficient to deal with all of them. Without the silencing field, as the battle drew on, he would have no choice but to escape.

However, circumstances had changed.

Looking at the hundreds of Level 16 and Level 17 melee players charging at him from all directions, Shi Feng activated Absolute Time. At Level 5, Absolute Time had an effective radius of 75 yards, so it covered a large majority of the scattered players. As for those that were outside the range of Absolute Time, they were no threat to Shi Feng.

Following which, Shi Feng switched out the Aura of Time for the Aura of Fire on the Seven Luminaries Ring, increasing his damage dealt by 40%, while reducing his target’s Defense by 40%.

However, Shi Feng was not done yet. Shi Feng then activated the additional skill of Purgatory’s Shadow, Purgatory Power, increasing his Attack Speed by 100% and damage by 30% for 15 seconds. Immediately after, Shi Feng used Windwalk and advanced, abruptly charging towards the members of Dark Star.

Shi Feng’s first target was a Level 17 Shield Warrior. Raising the Abyssal Blade, Shi Feng lightly slashed at the Shield Warrior. The silvery-gray Abyssal Blade transformed into a streak of silvery-gray light. Before the Shield Warrior could lift his shield against Shi Feng’s attack, a deep slash appeared on his Mysterious-Iron ranked breastplate.

A critical damage of -3,216 appeared above the Shield Warrior’s head.

Following which, this Level 17 Shield Warrior, which possessed slightly more than 2,600 HP, died.

Before this Shield Warrior’s body hit the ground, Shi Feng had already arrived in front of a Berserker. Similarly, Shi Feng struck once before leaving behind an afterimage and charging towards the next Swordsman.

From an outsider’s point of view, they could only see a dark shadow passing by the members of Dark Star. Then, for reasons unknown, those Dark Star members suddenly fell to the ground, their HP bars completely depleted.

Meanwhile, this dark shadow was so fast that it only took around six seconds to move through every single member of Dark Star.

By the time this shadow stopped moving, the several hundred Dark Star members had become corpses; only silence and hundreds of dropped items accompanied these corpses.

The players watching this scene play out from afar were completely stupefied.

This was too horrifying!

“Are you a ghost or a human...?” Lone Tyrant gaped at the hundreds of dead Dark Star elites in front of him in disbelief. Before he could make sense of what was happening, all of his companions had died. The word “fear” was no longer sufficient to describe what Lone Tyrant currently felt.

“What do you think?” Shi Feng said, smiling faintly as he shifted his gaze to Lone Tyrant.

Lone Tyrant’s heart jumped when he saw the ridiculing smile on Shi Feng’s face. At this moment, he no longer thought of retaliating. He even doubted that the person before him was Black Flame, but an Evil Rakshasa of God’s Domain instead. Otherwise, how could he possibly explain the unbelievable sight before him? How was it even possible for a player to be so powerful?

At this moment, escape was Lone Tyrant’s only hope.

Even if he had ten lives, they wouldn’t be enough against such an Evil Rakshasa.

However, as soon as Lone Tyrant turned around, he discovered that Shi Feng had already appeared in front of him. Immediately after, he saw the Abyssal Blade in Shi Feng’s hand give off a dazzling light. He also felt himself melt at the immense temperature radiating from Shi Feng’s sword.

This skill was none other than Shi Feng’s recently-upgraded Level 9 Flame Burst.

Before Lone Tyrant could react, the scorching Abyssal Blade had run through his heart. The hell-like flames incinerated his body. At the same time, a massive damage of over -10,000 appeared above Lone Tyrant’s head. Following which, as if struck by a meteorite, Lone Tyrant was sent flying backward. However, before his body made contact with a solid surface, he had become nothing more than ash in the wind.