Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 623 – Princess’s Reappearance

TL Notes:

(Chapter 284) Land of Ancient Dragons -> Land of Primordial Dragons

(Chapter 291) Ancient Dragon’s Power -> Primordial Dragon’s Power

(Chapter 293) System: You have received the Dragon Princess’s favor and obtained the Primordial Dragon’s Power. So long as your Primordial Dragon’s Power is discovered by a certain Evil God’s followers or a certain Demon God’s followers, you will be marked by this Evil God or Demon God and be hunted down endlessly.

->

System: You have received the Dragon Princess’s favor and obtained the Primordial Dragon’s Power. So long as your Primordial Dragon’s Power is discovered by Evil God and Demon God followers, you will be marked by these Evil Gods and Demon Gods and be hunted down endlessly.

When the Gorgon Queen’s HP became readable, everyone present couldn’t help but gasp.

“How are we supposed to defeat this thing?!”

“Will we really be fine, Guild Leader?”

Somber expressions appeared on everyone’s faces when they saw the Gorgon Queen’s HP.

[Gorgon Queen] (Primordial Godkin, Divine)

Level 180

HP 8,996,900,000,000

When everyone initially saw the War Goddess’s spear doing over three billion damage to the Gorgon Queen, they were both surprised and delighted. After all, an attack of such caliber was more than enough to heavily injure a Level 180 Divine monster. And should the Gorgon Queen sustain a heavy injury, they would have a much easier time defeating her.

However, their hopes were immediately dashed when they saw the Gorgon Queen’s maximum HP of nine trillion. Compared to the Gorgon Queen’s HP, the damage the War Goddess dealt wouldn’t even be enough to tickle the Primordial Godkin.

With her battle recovery, the Gorgon Queen could recover 2% of her HP every five seconds. In other words, she could recover 180 billion HP every five seconds, or 36 billion HP every second. Without at least ten Tier 6 War Goddesses, they would have zero chances of killing the Gorgon Queen.

Sure enough, the system won’t let us get to the treasury so easily. Shi Feng was similarly astonished when he saw the Gorgon Queen’s HP. “Although this situation is outside of my expectations, we aren’t without a chance. Everyone, move according to plan and buy me thirty seconds! Try your best to distract the Gorgon Queen and assist the War Goddess!”

He had slain a Divine-ranked Gorgon Queen in his previous life. However, compared to the Gorgon Queen he killed back then, the Gorgon Queen guarding the Nameless City’s treasury had ten times more HP. Normally, without an overwhelming advantage in numbers or a Taboo existence, it would be impossible for players to take down such a monster.

Since their current circumstances didn’t allow them to overwhelm the Gorgon Queen with numbers, their only option would be to rely on a Taboo existence.

Taboo existences were individuals who had surpassed Tier 6 Gods and rivaled Primordial Gods. One hit from such an existence could heavily injure even a fully-kitted Tier 6 God. Naturally, it would also be a piece of cake for such an existence to heavily injure a Divine-ranked Primordial Godkin.

However, it was incredibly difficult for players to acquire the strength of a Taboo existence in God’s Domain. Normally, only Tier 6 players wielding Divine Artifact-ranked Weapons could accomplish such a feat. Meanwhile, Divine Weapons were so rare that only about one out of every ten Cross-Realm Conglomerates would have one.

In Shi Feng’s case, owning a Divine Weapon was nothing more than a dream for him, whether in his previous life or current life.

Be that as it may, while he might not have a Divine Weapon right now, he did get to become acquainted with a Taboo existence in this life. The other party in question was the ruler of the Primordial Dragon Sanctuary and the closest existence to a Primordial God.

Dragon Princess Kalisha!

Originally, Shi Feng had hoped he could heavily injure the Gorgon Queen with the Tier 6 War Goddess alone. However, after their brief clash, it was evident that only a Taboo existence could heavily injure the Primordial Godkin.

Hence, he had no choice but to splurge 300 God Crystals and Eternal God Crystals to help Dragon Princess Kalisha recover to the standard of Taboo existences.

Immediately, Shi Feng took out all of the ordinary God Crystals he had acquired from Xia Qingying and some Eternal God Crystals from his bag. Then, he began converting their power and directing them into a summoning rune to complete the Dragon Princess’s quest. So long as he completed Kalisha’s quest and summoned her, she would be obligated to protect him from the Gorgon Queen.

In the meantime, following Shi Feng’s command, everyone had no choice but to grit their teeth and attack the Gorgon Queen. They had to try their best to create an opportunity for the War Goddess to land a direct hit on the Primordial Godkin.

When the War Goddess and Gorgon Queen resumed their clash, though, everyone quickly found themselves fascinated by the exchange.

Whether it was the War Goddess or Gorgon Queen, both possessed combat proficiencies far beyond what anyone present possessed. Previously, when the Gorgon Queen was focused on killing Shi Feng and when the War Goddess was able to exploit the Gorgon Queen’s inattentiveness, it still wasn’t possible to see the depths of their prowess. However, now that the two were focused on each other, they thoroughly displayed the intricacies of their combat experience.

The handling of details when executing evasive maneuvers…

The handling of impromptu changes and preparatory actions when attacking…

The handling of impromptu mana adjustments and rapid conversions when using Skills and Spells…

It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that the War Goddess and Gorgon Queen had handled all of these combat aspects perfectly. Meanwhile, when Azure Shadow and the others, who had consumed an Eternal God Crystal before the fight began, observed the fight between these two existences, they felt as if the doors to a whole new world had just been opened for them.

After the battle continued for twenty seconds, everyone on the battlefield suddenly had their attention attracted toward Shi Feng, who had been chanting an incantation and crafting a rune all this time.

Extravagance!

Complete and utter extravagance!

In the time everyone was preoccupied with the fight against the Gorgon Queen, Shi Feng had gone from expending ordinary God Crystals to Eternal God Crystals that were as precious as Legendary items. Multiple Eternal God Crystals could be shattering in Shi Feng’s hands every second.

Even though Azure Shadow and the others weren’t Zero Wing’s members, they still couldn’t help but wince at this sight. After all, none of them actually owned their Legendary Weapons. Instead, these weapons were loaned to them by the Green God Corporation so that they could establish themselves in the Night Watch Legion.

Yet, now, they were made to watch Shi Feng expend enough Eternal God Crystals to equip each of them with a Legendary Weapon…

When Shi Feng started to expend Eternal God Crystals, the summoning rune before him also started to draw the surrounding energies toward itself. Even the mana of Azure Shadow and the others, which rivaled the mana of Tier 6 Gods, was drawn toward the rune.

Eventually, even the War Goddess and Gorgon Queen started to get affected, neither of them able to continue exhibiting 100% of their Skills’ and Spells’ potential. In the case of the Gorgon Queen, she even started to have difficulties concentrating holy power into holy aura, which, in turn, slowed her ability to execute holy arts and defend herself. As a result, Azure Shadow and the others started to land their Skills and Spells on the Gorgon Queen, each of their attacks reaping hundreds of millions of HP from the Primordial Godkin.

“Despicable ant! Die!”

When the Gorgon Queen saw that Shi Feng’s rune started to have an increasingly larger effect on the surrounding environment, she knew that Shi Feng was attempting something extraordinary. Without hesitation, she ignored all attacks from the War Goddess and Azure Shadow’s group and used Chaos Spear against Shi Feng.

Chaos Spear was a Tier 6 Super Spell, and it carried the power of an Ancient God when used by the Gorgon Queen. Even the Tier 6 War Goddess would sustain heavy injuries if struck by such an attack, and it would require multiple Tier 6 War Goddesses working together to block the attack completely. Hence, the logical move for Shi Feng to make in this situation would be to evade the attack.

However, as Shi Feng was currently occupied with drawing Kalisha’s summoning rune, he had no choice but to take the Gorgon Queen’s attack. Otherwise, not only would he fall short of success, but all of the God Crystals and Eternal God Crystals he had expended thus far would also go to waste. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Hurry up! Hurry up!

When Shi Feng saw that the Gorgon Queen had already finished forming her Chaos Spear, he began mentally urging the summoning rune to absorb the Eternal God Crystals’ energy more quickly.

Fortunately, at the same time as the Gorgon Queen released her Chaos Spear, Shi Feng also finished injecting the last Eternal God Crystal into the summoning rune, completing it.

Immediately afterward, the space in front of Shi Feng shattered, creating a dark void that housed a figure several thousand meters tall. The figure in question was a beauty wearing a long, holy dress and a silver crown. The beauty slowly opened her eyes after appearing in the underground plaza, and the instant she did so, everyone present felt their souls shuddering. They couldn’t help but feel as if all life was insignificant in front of this giant of a sleeping beauty.