Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 646 – Divine Body of Legends

After calming his emotions, Shi Feng started to carefully analyze the new information in his brain. There were many different ways to construct a Divine Body, so even though he had experience constructing a Superior Divine Body, he couldn’t treat the matter with light regard.

Meanwhile, from what he gathered after briefly looking through the information he received, the guidance provided by the Primordial Chaos Body was most certainly different from the guidance he received from the Primordial God Legacy in his previous life.

For starters, the Primordial God Legacy in his previous life had provided him with step-by-step instructions on how to construct a specific Superior Divine Body. All he needed to do was meet all the target requirements, and he would have himself a Superior Divine Body.

On the other hand, the Primordial Chaos Body only provided him with a general method of creating a Divine Body. He would still need to complete the vital sections by himself. As for what kind of Divine Body he could create, it would depend on the World Laws he had mastered.

According to the Primordial Chaos Body’s Legacy, the more World Laws he mastered, the stronger his Divine Body would be. He could even construct a Superior Divine Body if he had mastered a sufficient number of World Laws.

Of course, before aiming to construct a Superior Divine Body, he would first need to deal with the basic portion of the Primordial Chaos Body’s Divine Body construction method, which would not be easy.

When he created his Superior Divine Body in his previous life, including the core magic arrays, he had to engrave over a thousand Grandmaster Magic Arrays and manipulate them simultaneously. However, compared to the Primordial God Legacy’s method of creating Superior Divine Bodies, the Primordial Chaos Body’s method was even more astonishing.

After glancing at the information provided by the Primordial Chaos Body, he found that he needed to construct over 1,900 Grandmaster Magic Arrays just for his Divine Body’s core. On top of that, he also had to construct some additional Grandmaster Magic Arrays at vital nodes situated across the Divine Body, and these nodal magic arrays numbered roughly one-tenth of the core magic arrays. After factoring in both types of magic arrays, he would need to construct over 2,000 Grandmaster Magic Arrays.

Even at a rough estimate, the Superior Divine Body construction method provided by the Primordial Chaos Body was at least twice as complex as the step-by-step method he obtained from the Primordial God Legacy in his previous life.

As if that wasn’t enough, he also had to thoroughly research the magic arrays suggested by the Primordial Chaos Body. Otherwise, he would not be able to merge the World Laws he had mastered with his Divine Body and construct the nodal magic arrays.

One hour… Ten hours… Thirty hours…

It was not until the evening of the next day that Shi Feng withdrew from his mind.

Sure enough, constructing a Superior Divine Body of my own isn’t going to be an easy task. If I wasn’t already a Great Grandmaster Magician, the Seven Luminaries Crystals I spent would have been for nothing, Shi Feng inwardly celebrated as he looked at the complete Divine Body Magic Array in his mind.

The process of researching the 1,900-plus Grandmaster Magic Arrays wasn’t particularly difficult. Any Grandmaster Magician could do it with enough time. What made the process challenging was having the insight to tell that these Grandmaster Magic Arrays involved every Basic World Law in existence.

Indeed! Every Basic World Law in existence!

The intricacy of the 1,900-plus Grandmaster Magic Arrays was simply unbelievable!

It was common knowledge that when players constructed a Divine Body, it would be as if they were creating a miniature world within themselves. However, this miniature world would be an incredibly broken one, and it only existed to enable players to execute Law Projection.

This was because the Divine Body players created only involved a small portion of the Basic World Laws that existed. It was also the same case with the Superior Divine Body that Shi Feng had created in his previous life.

However, when Shi Feng constructed the Primordial Chaos Body’s Divine Body Magic Array, he felt he was constructing a God’s Domain with complete Basic Laws. It was simply incredible.

In fact, he might not even need to achieve a 90% Completion Rate to exceed the Legendary rank. In that case, completing the Hundred Refinement Mana Body quest would be a piece of cake.

In his previous life, he was able to construct a Superior Divine Body because of the Law of Destruction he had mastered. Or rather, the Primordial God Legacy’s Superior Divine Body was created based on the Law of Destruction. Thus, he would be able to construct the Superior Divine Body so long as he mastered the Law of Destruction.

The same was also true now. So long as he converted the Law of Destruction into the required nodal magic arrays and merged them with the Divine Body Magic Array, he would be able to immediately reclaim his previous life’s achievements.

However, as a Great Grandmaster Magician, Shi Feng was also aware that he would be wasting the Primordial Chaos Body if he did that.

Unlike the Primordial God Legacy’s Divine Body Magic Array, the Primordial Chaos Body’s Divine Body Magic Array was fully capable of adopting multiple Advanced Laws. Meanwhile, the more Advanced Laws he merged into the magic array, the more World Power he could influence when he got promoted to Tier 6.

Now that I have mastered all the foundational magic arrays, I should try merging the Law of Destruction and Law of Space with them. Hopefully, I have enough resources to fund my attempts. When Shi Feng looked at the Seven Luminaries Crystals in his bag, he couldn’t help but lose confidence.

Although he wasn’t looking to construct a Divine Body right away, if he wanted to operate the Divine Body Magic Array supplied by the Primordial Chaos Body normally, he would need to supply it with Seven Luminaries Crystals. Or, more specifically, every time he attempted to merge the nodal magic arrays, he would need to spend Seven Luminaries Crystal to see if the Divine Body Magic Array could operate normally. While such experiments might not cost as much as it did to construct a Divine Body, each attempt would still require 50,000 units of Seven Luminaries Crystal.

Normally, when a Grandmaster Magician was looking to develop a new Grandmaster Magic Array, they were unlikely to succeed without making a few thousand attempts. Even Great Grandmaster Magicians would need at least several hundred attempts.

Aside from the 10 million units of Seven Luminaries Crystal needed to fund Fervent Samsara’s and Heavy Abyss’s opportunity to experience the Primordial Chaos Body, Shi Feng only had a little more than 35 million units of Seven Luminaries Crystal remaining. Among them, he would have to save about 10 to 20 million units to fund the Tier 6 promotion of guild members. So, all in all, he didn’t really have a lot of Seven Luminaries Crystals to waste.

However, Shi Feng didn’t hesitate to proceed with his experiments. Right now, constructing a Superior Divine Body was of the utmost importance. Everything else was secondary. Even if he ended up wasting all of his Seven Luminaries Crystals, he simply needed to obtain more.

Following this, Shi Feng used an Eternal God Crystal and, under the Medium World Fragment’s assistance, started converting the Law of Destruction and Law of Space into Grandmaster Magic Arrays to merge with the Divine Body Magic Array.

One time… Two times… Three times…

On the third day after the Medium World Fragment was activated, quite a few people in the secret room started to joyfully prepare for their Tier 6 promotion. Shi Feng, though, remained seated in his corner.

Another failure…

Shi Feng felt as if he had gotten ahead of himself when he looked at the Divine Body Magic Array that had refused to operate normally even once.

He had gone through hundreds of attempts in the past two days, expending over 20 million units of Seven Luminaries Crystal. However, not once did he manage to get the Divine Body Magic Array to operate normally. In other words, he couldn’t settle for a defective product even if he wanted to. The difficulty of converting two Advanced Laws into magic arrays was far greater than he initially anticipated.

Fortunately, as if the Main God System had decided to take pity on him, on the next nodal magic array arrangement he tried, the moment he finished drawing the last magic array using the mana of the Seven Luminaries Crystals, the Divine Body Magic Array lit up brightly. It was a scene that had never occurred before in his past several hundred attempts, and it was evident that the Divine Body Magic Array could function normally already.

TL Notes:

[1]The Primordial God Legacy mentioned here is referring to the Legacy Guidance that Shi Feng had received via the “Ancient God’s Eye” in the main story. However, as I have previously mentioned, the author never really offered much clarification in the main story, so I ended up assuming that “Ancient God(上古神灵)” and “Primordial God(古神)” were the same thing.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m