Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 366 - Virtual Gaming Cabin Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Listening to Blackie’s excited report, Shi Feng was speechless.

Even if Blackie hadn’t told him the news, he would have discovered it after he entered God’s Domain. There was not necessary for Blackie to hunt him down.

“Did you run all the way here just to tell me this?” Shi Feng asked.

“Of course not! Sister Aqua said that using the advanced virtual gaming helmet constantly would affect your strength and growth in game. After all, the helmet only has a synchronization rate of 90%. The cabin, however, has a synchronization rate of 97%. So, some time ago, she tried to buy a few virtual gaming cabins,” Blackie said. “However, there aren’t many of them. Even with Sister Aqua’s influence, she could only purchase five cabins for us. I came to deliver your unit. The workers have already installed the cabin in your apartment; you can use it immediately.”

“Virtual gaming cabin? Where did you guys get so much money?” Shi Feng could not help his shock.

Although there was quite a lot of money in the Workshop’s bank account, it was not enough to buy five virtual gaming cabins.

A single unit cost three million Credits. Moreover, virtual gaming cabins were always scarce as they were extremely difficult to manufacture. Unlike the virtual gaming helmet, the materials the virtual gaming cabin required were very rare, so they only produced and sold a limited number each day. Wealthy tycoons usually snatched up the cabins the moment they came out of production.

Many people usually wondered why these virtual gaming cabins were so popular.

Despite the cabin being so expensive and only having a 7% sync rate increase over the helmets, it was still immensely popular.

In the past, Shi Feng had thought similarly. Wasn’t it just 7%? How much would a player’s strength in game possibly increase after using the cabin?

Why bother wasting so much money for such a measly improvement?

However, after Shi Feng obtained his own cabin and subsequently tested it, it instantly changed his mind.

That 7% made a world of difference. In the past, an expert had been involved in an experiment using the two machines to test combat power. In the end, the expert exhibited 71% of his combat power while using the virtual gaming helmet. However, when using the virtual gaming cabin, the expert managed 75%. Furthermore, not only could the gaming cabins allow a player to raise their combat power, but they could also allow a player to improve their techniques at a quicker rate. The cabins could also develop the potential of a player’s brain, as well as restore and enhance their physical fitness.

In the past, if Shi Feng had purchased a virtual gaming cabin earlier on, he would not have stagnated at the peak of Tier 3. He had poured his heart and soul into God’s Domain to build his own legacy. In the process of doing so, he had neglected his physical fitness, which deteriorated with each passing year. By the time he realized the problem, it was already too late.

“Sister Aqua paid for them with her own money. She said that, as the number one Workshop in Jin Hai City and the sensational Guild of White River City, if others discovered that the Guild Leader of Zero Wing still used a virtual gaming helmet, Zero Wing would become a laughingstock. Hence, we needed to buy the cabins no matter what, and you, Brother Feng, must use one. This concerns Zero Wing’s reputation,” Blackie said eloquently, leaving Shi Feng with no room to refute.

“Alright, then. I’ll accept the cabin. However, we must pay Aqua back for all of the money she spent. There’s still around two million leftover from the White River City Guidebook sales; send that to Aqua for now. I’ll think of a way to gather the rest.” Shi Feng agreed that he needed a virtual gaming cabin. However, he couldn’t have purchased one before because he lacked the proper channels. Since Aqua Rose had already bought one for him, he would gladly accept this favor, but there was no room for negotiation regarding money money.

However, he did not possess a lot of Credits right now. Although he had previously earned quite a bit and received the 50 million compensation from Twilight Echo, he had already spent most of it purchasing the real-estate and all of the necessary equipment for the Workshop. He now had very little Credits on hand. Coins, on the other hand, he had a lot of. If he converted the Coins into Credits, he would have more than enough to repay Aqua Rose.

However, unless he had no other choice, he would never trade his Coins for Credits. There was not much time left to complete the Epic Quest “Gospel Project.” After his few recent large purchases, the Gold Coins he had on hand had grown further and further from his target of 30,000 Gold. He could no longer afford to trade Coins for Credits. He could only search for other avenues to earn Credits.

“Hahaha! Brother Feng, Sister Aqua truly understands you! She knew you would say such a thing. So, she told me to tell you that since she was paid 5% of Zero Wing’s shares for doing nothing, you can consider this as her investment in Zero Wing. Also, if you really wish to repay her, make Zero Wing a Guild that surpasses Twilight Echo. To her, this would be the greatest form of repayment,” Blackie said. He laughed when he heard Shi Feng reply exactly how Aqua Rose said he would. “The cabin has already been installed in your home. Since I’ve finished my report, I’ll return to the Workshop now. You have no idea how busy the Guild is right now.”

Finished speaking, Blackie quickly departed from the apartment complex.

“Surpass Twilight Echo, huh?” Shi Feng muttered as he watched Blackie leave.

His goal was not just to surpass Twilight Echo. However, there were still too many things he needed to deal with in White River City right now. It was especially true for Underworld. They had been too quiet during the looting war. This was out of character for them.

After a short moment of silent contemplation, Shi Feng turned and walked into the apartment complex, returning to his apartment.

Inside his home, as expected, Shi Feng discovered a white virtual gaming cabin that was 2.5 meters long, 1.8 meters wide, and 1.5 meters tall quietly laying inside his bedroom. He would no longer have to rely on the virtual gaming helmet to play God’s Domain.

There were Nutrient Fluids as well as various health monitoring devices implemented in the cabin. Players would not have to worry about hunger or physical discomfort for extended periods of time while inside. On the contrary, they would get plenty of rest and recovery.

Moreover, with the 97% sync rate, players would find their five senses reaching new heights in the game.

With the cabin, Shi Feng could finally display his true strength in God’s Domain.

Shi Feng examined the cabin before shifting his gaze towards the furnishing around the room. His apartment suddenly felt empty. There was absolutely nothing in his home that was even close to rivaling the value of the virtual gaming cabin. Rather, the cost of a single cabin could pay for the whole apartment.

“It should be about time,” Shi Feng looked at the time. It was currently 8 pm and about time for him to enter God’s Domain once more. Following which, Shi Feng went to the kitchen and stood before the fridge. He then removed the bottles of S-rank Nutrient Fluids from the metal briefcase.

Shi Feng placed two bottles in the freezer, opening and drinking the last bottle.

Compared to the lower grade Nutrient Fluids, the S-rank Nutrient Fluid was very special. Despite being stored in freezing temperatures, when he drank the liquid, it felt as if he had swallowed a mouthful of liquid fire. Every organ the liquid passed, from his mouth to his stomach, felt as if they had been scorched. There was no pleasure when drinking the S-rank Nutrient Fluid, only piercing pain. Moreover, this pain quickly spread throughout his body. Even his skin started to redden. It felt as if hot air flowed through his body, cleaning away all the toxins and restoring the vitality of his cells.

His previous efforts had paid off, increasing his punching power from 256kg to 302kg.

Everything in life involved balance. It was the same with the human body. If there were gains, then there were bound to be losses as well.

Such a huge and sudden improvement would definitely cause plenty of damage to his body. Originally, Shi Feng had intended to purchase an A-rank Nutrient Fluid to recover slowly. However, that was no longer necessary.

A single bottle of S-rank Nutrient Fluid could completely heal all the damage to his body.

“It’s been so long since I’ve drunk this. I almost forgot about the burning sensation.” Shi Feng smiled faintly. Although he was in pain, his body had never felt better. As for the remaining two bottles, he planned to leave them for his parents. That way, it could also help strengthen his parents and relieve some of the exhaustion they had piled up from work.

Following which, Shi Feng lay down in the virtual gaming cabin and connected to God’s Domain.

The drops from the Mechanical Slayer still waited for his appraisal. After all, aside from a two-hour waiting period, there was also a twelve-hour period before the drops of Field Bosses could be unsealed, appraised, or used. Fortunately, by the time Shi Feng logged in, that twelve-hour period should be almost over.

The drops of a Mutant.... Just thinking about them excited Shi Feng. In the past, the drops from a Common Mutant were enough for Guilds to drool over. Meanwhile, the Mechanical Slayer was a High Lord Mutant. Shi Feng couldn’t even begin to guess just how amazing its drops would be.