Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 371 - Peak Legacy

A Legacy hinted at a hidden class.

This was also one of the reasons why Legacy Items were extremely rare in God’s Domain.

Previously, the fact that they had obtained the Astromancer’s Legacy from the Blood Hand Association’s stronghold had already blown Shi Feng’s mind. Now, however, he had an even more powerful Legacy. Moreover, only Berserkers and Swordsmen could use this Legacy.

Shi Feng knew that the Legacy contained within the Sword in the Stone was more powerful than the Astromancer’s Legacy was because of its unsealing conditions.

Violet Cloud’s Legacy Item, the Magic Weapon Star’s Reminiscence, required a Tier 3 Great Mage to help unseal it. Based on these stringent requirements, the Astromancer’s Legacy should be superior among the many Legacies that existed in God’s Domain.

However, Shi Feng’s Sword in the Stone was far more amazing than the Star’s Reminiscence.

[Sword in the Stone]

The sword inside the crystal faintly emits a power from the ancient era. It occurs naturally with no signs of being crafted. However, a frightening power had damaged this ancient sword severely in the past. If one wishes to awaken the power contained within and gain a better understanding of this sword, they need to gather the power of three Tier 4 classes and expend 21 Mana Stones.

Class restriction: Berserker and Swordsman

Not to mention the three Tier 4 NPCs, just the number of Mana Stones required was a huge headache for Shi Feng.

Mana Stones were extremely precious in God’s Domain. Although they weren’t as valuable as Seven Luminaries Crystals, they were not far from them, either. Mana Stones were rare materials required to craft Epic ranked weapons and equipment. However, the most dreadful aspect of Mana Stones was that nobody sold them in God’s Domain. Only Bosses in 100-man Hard Mode Team Dungeons dropped Mana Stones. Moreover, the drop rate was a minuscule 2%.

Currently, throughout all of God’s Domain, Shi Feng had yet even to hear news about anyone obtaining the First Clear of a Level 10, 50-man Team Dungeon, not to mention a Level 20 100-man Team Dungeon. Even Zero Wing, his own Guild, was only in the preparation stage of raiding a Level 20, 100-man Team Dungeon. Only players who had gathered 100 Tier 1 players had a chance of success in the Hard Mode versions of those Dungeons. In other words, it was simply impossible for Shi Feng to get his hands on a Mana Stone right now, let alone 21 of them.

The difficulty of unsealing the Sword in the Stone far surpassed the Magic Weapon Star’s Reminiscence. Hence, Shi Feng was certain that the Legacy contained within the Sword in the Stone was far superior to the Star’s Reminiscence. At the very least, it should be one of the Peak Legacies of God’s Domain.

“I can only give it a try.” Shi Feng smiled bitterly as he gazed at the Sword in the Stone inside his bag.

The awakening conditions of the Sword in the Stone were too high. Ever since Shi Feng had appraised the Legacy Item, he had constantly been thinking of a way to fulfill those conditions. He could not afford to wait until Zero Wing obtained the First Clear of a 100-man Hard Mode Team Dungeon before gradually collecting 21 Mana Stones.

If the Guild Leader of any other Guild stood in Shi Feng’s place right now, activating the Class Change Quest of the Sword in the Stone would be nigh impossible. And ordinary players could never meet these conditions. Only after wracking his brain did Shi Feng think a way to awaken the Sword in the Stone early.

Soon, Shi Feng left the meeting room as well and headed to one of the forging rooms on the fourth floor of the Starstreak Trading Firm.

They had obtained a total of seven forging designs and recipes from the looting war. Of them, three were forging designs.

All three forging designs produced different types of Basic Strengthened Armor Kits, which were respectively meant for plate armor, leather armor, and cloth armor. Although these Basic Strengthened Armor Kits were a lot weaker than the Basic Mana Armor Kit, their effects only half of the latter, they were still very valuable.

After all, Shi Feng was not a dedicated Lifestyle player. He could not afford to spend a large amount of time producing the Basic Mana Armor Kits. Meanwhile, the supply of Basic Mana Armor Kits available on the market would not meet the demand. Hence, these three Basic Strengthened Armor Kit Forging Designs were extremely important.

At this moment, a knocking came from the door of the forging room. “Guild Leader, the ones you called for are here,” Melancholic Smile said respectfully as she entered the room.

While Shi Feng had been busy, Melancholic Smile had grown to have the aura of a strong and capable woman. The current Melancholic Smile was already an Advanced Forging Apprentice, and she was only a short distance from her promotion to a Basic Forger.

Under Melancholic Smile’s management, the Horizon Alliance, the Lifestyle Guild Shi Feng had secretly established, had grown to house over 3,000 members. These Lifestyle players had been recruited from various places. Currently, these members had crafted a majority of the products sold at the Starstreak Trading Firm.

Not even Aqua Rose and Blackie knew about the Horizon Alliance. In the eyes of the public, the members of the Horizon Alliance were simply players that the Starstreak Trading Firm had hired.

“Ah, come on in, then,” Shi Feng nodded.

Following which, a man and a woman entered the forging room. The woman who followed Melancholic Smile was none other than the forging genius Cream Cocoa. She had already become an Advanced Forging Apprentice. Meanwhile, the man who entered with Cream Cocoa was a 40-year-old man called Roasted Ironheart. Because of his age, the Guilds Roasted Ironheart had joined in the past had looked down on him. However, after he passed the test set by Melancholic Smile and became a member of Horizon Alliance, he had poured his heart into forging items and displayed frightening talent. Regarding forging techniques, he was even more talented than Melancholic Smile. Currently, he had already become one of the Five Great Forgers of the Horizon Alliance.

After the two entered, upon seeing Shi Feng, Roasted Ironheart immediately grew cautious. Normally, Melancholic Smile was responsible for dealing with all matters within the Horizon Alliance. So, no one had ever met the true owner of the Guild. The members of the Horizon Alliance only knew that their Guild Leader was extremely mysterious, and he had actually managed to form a relationship with the Starstreak Trading Firm. Not only did this great personage possess frightening wealth, but he also had great talents such as Melancholic Smile and Cream Cocoa working under him. The members of the Horizon Alliance all felt reverence and curiosity towards this mysterious boss of theirs.

Today, as Roasted Ironheart finally met the mysterious boss behind the Horizon Alliance, his heart was filled with incomparable shock.

Originally, Roasted Ironheart had believed that the force behind the Horizon Alliance was a wealthy tycoon. However, he would never have imagined that proprietor of this Lifestyle Guild was actually White River City’s, no, the entire Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one expert, the One-hit Asura, Black Flame. How could this revelation not shock him?

Moreover, Black Flame was also Star-Moon Kingdom’s publicly acknowledged number one forger.

At this moment, Roasted Ironheart’s mind was a complete mess.

“There is no need to panic; I don’t eat people,” Shi Feng could not help but console Roasted Ironheart when he noticed the man’s trembling legs.

Hearing Shi Feng’s words, Roasted Ironheart nearly slumped to the ground.

The number one expert of Star-Moon Kingdom. The Guild Leader of Zero Wing. The great character that dominated White River City. There was simply no chance that a small fry like Roasted Ironheart could meet such a great character like Shi Feng. Yet, not only had such a situation occurred, but Roasted Ironheart was also speaking directly with such a great character. How could Roasted Ironheart not panic?

“Uncle Ironheart, relax. Our Guild Leader is a very kind and friendly guy!” Cream Cocoa said, smiling.

Roasted Ironheart silently nodded. After taking a long moment to calm down, he said, “Hello, Boss!”

Melancholic Smile and Cream Cocoa giggled at this sight.

Shi Feng had grown speechless at Roasted Ironheart’s actions as well. He was not a monster. Why was he so intimidated?

“Alright, I have some important matters to discuss with you. I’ve called the three of you here today because of these.” Saying so, Shi Feng took out the three Basic Strengthened Armor Kit Forging Designs. “Each of you will take one. Your task for this is to produce these items; the more, the better.”

As forgers, Melancholic Smile’s group was stunned when they saw the forging designs. They understood the value of the Basic Strengthened Armor Kits. By producing these items, not only could they increase their promotion speed to Basic Forgers, but they could also use these items to dominate the forging market and create names for themselves.

When the trio thought about how Shi Feng was actually willing to let them learn such precious forging designs, their hearts were moved.

“I’ll leave these forging designs to you, so research them properly. If you can achieve a 20% success rate, then you can start mass-producing them,” Shi Feng said. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Although the Basic Strengthened Armor Kits were not as difficult to produce as the Basic Mana Armor Kits, Advanced Forging Apprentices still had a low success rate. Melancholic Smile and the others would be lucky if they could successfully produce one or two pieces out of ten tries.

“Guild Leader, rest assured; we will accomplish this task! We definitely won’t disappoint you!” all three of them guaranteed.

Following which, the three returned to their respective forging rooms and began their research on the forging designs.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng also departed from the Starstreak Trading Firm and hurried towards White River City’s Bank. He planned to start the first step of awakening the Sword in the Stone.