Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 793 – Gold-Ranked Sword’s Orbit

On a street lined with high-rises, Holy Blood and Moon Demon suddenly felt their bodies stiffening as they were executing their attack on Shi Feng. Their Basic Attributes also fell by another 20%, which, in turn, caused their Attack Speed to plummet.

Ultimately, even though Holy Blood and Moon Demon could execute movements without having to first process them through their minds, the average speed of their attacks still fell behind Shi Feng’s.

The sound of metal ringing echoed across the street in rapid succession. Contrary to everyone’s expectations, Shi Feng blocked all of Holy Blood’s and Moon Demon’s attacks, taking no damage whatsoever.

“How is this possible?!”

This unexpected development dumbfounded the spectators. They never expected the suppressive effect of Shi Feng’s Law Projection to become stronger.

Originally, Holy Blood and Moon Demon were already experiencing an overall suppression of 20% because of Shi Feng’s Law Projection. Now, it had increased to over 30%, creating a qualitative difference between them and Shi Feng in Attack Speed.

Moreover, besides Attack Speed, the Strength advantage Shi Feng originally had over Holy Blood also widened. As a result, Holy Blood was sent flying over 20 yards away after their clash, and his HP fell by over 20%.

How can his Law Projection be so strong? Moon Demon’s mind was mired in confusion as she looked at Shi Feng in disbelief.

Previously, the fact that Shi Feng’s Law Projection could suppress her and Holy Blood by 20% despite them also having Advanced Law Projections was already astonishing. Now, Shi Feng’s Law Projection could no longer be considered astonishing. It was utterly frightening.

Currently, the suppression they experienced was akin to the suppression an Advanced Law Projection would impose on a Basic Law Projection. The two were on completely different levels.

“Moon! Retreat!” When Holy Blood experienced the change in Shi Feng’s Law Projection, he immediately understood that they were no longer a match for Shi Feng. They would only be adding more variables if they persisted in their fight.

Moon Demon nodded, similarly understanding that they couldn’t afford to keep fighting with Shi Feng. If they continued their fight, all three of them would end up wasting precious Stamina and Concentration. While it would be beneficial if they could exhaust a huge threat like Shi Feng, the problem was that they couldn’t do any damage to Shi Feng, whereas Shi Feng could deal considerable damage to them. This meant that they would ultimately lose and that it would be foolish to keep fighting Shi Feng.

Now, their best option would be to regroup with Daystar and work with her to eliminate Shi Feng. Otherwise, the Holy Guard Party would never win this match.

“Do you think I’ll let you leave so easily?” When Shi Feng saw Holy Blood and Moon Demon intending to withdraw, he immediately executed Sword’s Orbit with his two swords.

Holy Blood and Moon Demon were two of the Sun Dynasty’s three strongest Holy Children. They were also among the three key combatants of the Holy Guard Party. So long as Shi Feng could eliminate them here, the match was as good as won.

Conversely, if Shi Feng allowed Holy Blood and Moon Demon to regroup with Daystar, even if he could now cast his Law Projection with the Pseudo-Goddess Law, he dared not say he could win with certainty.

Aside from being known as the Arbiter of Death, Daystar had also mastered two Advanced Laws, specifically the Law of Death and the Law of Time. This was a secret only a few people should be aware of in this timeline, and Shi Feng had only learned of it because Daystar had exhibited both Advanced Laws in the war between the two races.

Although Daystar had never shown herself capable of merging Advanced Laws, likely because she never learned the Goddess of Space’s Dark Moon Mana Technique, she should have no problem casting her Law Projection using two separate Advanced Laws. At that time, the suppressive effect Shi Feng’s Law Projection could impose on her would be incredibly limited, and he would be fortunate if he could even suppress her by 10%.

Originally, Shi Feng had only considered using his Dual Advanced Law Projection to eliminate Moon Demon. He had not planned to reveal his fusion law. However, since Holy Blood decided to join the fight, Shi Feng decided he didn’t need to conceal this trump card any longer.

Although Sword’s Orbit was only an Advanced Silver Combat Technique, it was the fastest sword technique in Shi Feng’s repertoire. Additionally, it cost considerably less Concentration to execute Sword’s Orbit than it did to execute a more powerful technique like Dark Moon and Holy Annihilation.

Hence, he could only afford to pair Sword’s Orbit with his Pseudo-Goddess Law Projection.

Furthermore, a Law Projection was originally intended to convert every aspect of the surrounding environment to benefit the user. Now that Shi Feng was casting his Law Projection with a Pseudo-Goddess Law, he could detect the flaws in his Sword’s Orbit.

When he developed Sword’s Orbit into an Advanced Silver Combat Technique, he had only refined it with the goal of pushing his body to its limits, and he had always felt that it was missing something. Unfortunately, he could never determine what exactly was missing. Now, though, thanks to his Pseudo-Goddess Law Projection, he finally understood what the Advanced-Silver Sword’s Orbit lacked—integration with and manipulation of the surrounding environment.

What a fast sword technique! Moon Demon was briefly astonished when she saw Shi Feng’s Sword Orbit. However, immediately afterward, a smirk formed on her face. It’s a pity it is lacking in power.

Shi Feng’s Sword’s Orbit indeed possessed incredible speed. However, in terms of raw power, it couldn’t even come close to Shi Feng’s Holy Annihilation. Even with Shi Feng’s Law Projection suppressing them by over 30%, Moon Demon and Holy Blood could still deflect all of Shi Feng’s attacks without taking any damage.

After several dozen exchanges between the two sides, a deafening explosion suddenly came from a nearby plaza.

“Someone’s fighting over there!”

Almost simultaneously, Shi Feng, Holy Blood, and Moon Demon turned to look at a plaza roughly 3,000 yards away.

Nine players could be seen fighting in the dilapidated plaza, and they were none other than the other members of the Holy Guard and Verdant Rainbow Parties. Among them, Gentle Snow and Verdant Rainbow fought against Daystar, while Fervent Samsara, Heavy Abyss, and Death Wind each took on one of the Holy Guard Party’s remaining members.

Currently, while Fervent Samsara, Heavy Abyss, and Death Wind were still holding their ground against their respective opponents, Gentle Snow and Verdant Rainbow were having trouble keeping up with Daystar’s onslaught, and it was evident they would not last much longer.

Daystar fought while wielding two ritual swords. The ritual swords behaved like whips in her hands, flexible and unpredictable. Daystar could also change their trajectories without any forewarning, so even Unthinking Realm experts would have a headache dealing with them, let alone individuals who had yet to reach the Unthinking Realm like Gentle Snow and Verdant Rainbow.

In reality, the only reason Gentle Snow and Verdant Rainbow could survive against Daystar until now was entirely because of Gentle Snow’s Basic Attributes and mastery over gravity. Without these two factors enabling her to withstand and redirect Daystar’s attacks, she and Verdant Rainbow would have died in the first few exchanges. Even so, mistakes were bound to happen if they did nothing but defend, and both of them now had less than 30% of their HPs remaining.

“A chance!”

Holy Blood’s and Moon Demon’s eyes glimmered when they saw the current state of Gentle Snow and Verdant Rainbow. It was evident Gentle Snow and Verdant Rainbow were on their last breath. If they could kill these two women and regroup with Daystar, Shi Feng’s fate would be sealed.

“A chance? That’s only if you can live to take it!”

When Shi Feng saw Holy Blood and Moon Demon’s excited behavior, a ruthless glint appeared in his eyes. Then, he suddenly started brandishing his swords in slow motion, swinging them along with the wind and space.

After executing Sword’s Orbit dozens of times in the environment created by his Pseudo-Goddess Law Projection, he finally understood how he could integrate Sword’s Orbit with the surrounding environment.

At the same time as Shi Feng started to execute the new and improved version of Sword’s Orbit, the sound of a system notification also rang in his ears.

System: Congratulations! You have developed Sword’s Orbit into a Gold Combat Technique!

…

TL Notes:

a) Their Basic Attributes also fell by another 20%… nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

b) Originally, Holy Blood and Moon Demon were already experiencing an overall suppression of 20% because of Shi Feng’s Law Projection. Now, it had increased to over 30%…

I think the 20% in a) is calculated based on their current Basic Attributes, which is at 80% of their original. So, the second 20% reduction would translate to 16% of their original Basic Attributes, which would put their final Basic Attributes at 64% [100-20-16] of their original Basic Attributes.