Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3784 - 858 - Dark Primordial Tribe

Amazing!

Shi Feng dared not believe his eyes when he saw the Feather of Oath’s updated stats.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

After sensing the Divine Might the Feather of Oath emanated, he initially thought it would only be as powerful as the average Divine Artifact. However, the Feather of Oath’s improvements far exceeded his expectations. In its current state, Shi Feng felt that the Feather of Oath could rival the Abyssal Eye.

It should be known that the Abyssal Eye’s abilities could only achieve the Tier 7 standard because it was fully repaired. In comparison, the Feather of Oath remained partially damaged. Yet, it already had the potential to breach the Tier 7 standard.

Additionally, the War Goddesses he summoned could now come equipped with Divine Artifacts instead of only Fragmented Divine Artifacts. They could also exceed him by up to 20 levels. The War Goddess Summoning Skill alone trumped many Divine Artifacts.

War Goddesses already possessed stunningly high Basic Attributes, even without Divine Artifacts. Shi Feng dared not imagine how powerful they would become if they were fully equipped with Divine Artifacts.

Although Divine Artifacts and Fragmented Divine Artifacts were only separated by one rank, they were worlds apart in performance. It was like the difference between Ancient Gods and ordinary Gods. Moreover, he could summon up to nine War Goddesses with the improved War Goddess Summoning.

Who among the same level could contend with him if he were to summon nine Ancient Gods to fight for him?

Not to mention, there were still the Feather of Oath’s second and third Skills, which were even more extraordinary. Although it cost a hefty sum of God Crystals to activate these two Skills, their effects were well worth the cost. If he could equip a War Goddess with a Divine Set, said War Goddess would become invincible among opponents of the same level. The Goddess Battle Array could also temporarily increase the strength of the War Goddesses by a large margin.

From what Shi Feng could recall, Gold Battle Arrays were already the strongest battle arrays that the various human powers possessed. If an ordinary hegemonic power were to get its hands on a Gold Battle Array, its status would instantly skyrocket to match that of conglomerates. Although Shi Feng didn’t know how powerful an Advanced Gold Battle Array was, he wouldn’t discount the possibility that it could let the War Goddesses hold their ground against Primordial Gods of the same level.

While Shi Feng was marveling at the Feather of Oath’s astonishing Skills, the commotion caused by the Feather of Oath attracted a Tier 6 Divine monster.

[Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand] (Dark Primordial Tribe, Divine)
Level 236
HP 100,000,000,000,000,000

The Dark Primordial Tribe? Shi Feng was speechless when he saw the hundred-meter-tall monster that exuded a strange form of mana. He didn’t know whether he should consider himself lucky or unlucky.

The Dark Primordial Tribe consisted of a group of creatures that were no weaker than any other creature in the Greater God’s Domain. In his previous life, they were first seen after the discovery of the Flame Dragon God’s Nest. More specifically, they were creatures the Primordial Flame Dragon had sealed in the Flame Dragon God’s Nest.

The Dark Primordial Tribe originally inhabited the depths of the Void Sea. Even among the terrifying creatures that inhabited the boundless Void Sea, the Dark Primordial Tribe was considered powerful. The weakest member could rival Ancient Gods, while the stronger ones could kill even Primordial Gods.

Although the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand before Shi Feng was only a walking corpse with an incomplete soul, it should still be able to exhibit at least 20% of the combat power it possessed when it was alive. It could be considered one of the Flame Dragon God’s Nest’s overlords. Without a 100-man Tier 6 team of experts of the same level, killing it would be a challenge.

Meanwhile, despite having intelligence lower than a child’s, the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand immediately attacked as soon as it saw Shi Feng.

The land beneath the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand instantly withered, and a suffocating darkness spread across tens of thousands of yards. Then, a dozen colossal hands erupted from the corrupted ground, each a thousand meters tall, striking at Shi Feng from multiple angles. The sheer power they unleashed transformed the surrounding area into a death zone hundreds of yards in radius.

This scene made Shi Feng use the Feather of Oath without hesitation, spending 900,000 units of Seven Luminaries Crystal to summon nine Level 220, Tier 6 War Goddesses.

The nine War Goddesses summoned had varying equipment standards. The strongest War Goddess wielded a greatsword. She came equipped with eight Divine Artifacts, with the rest of her equipment consisting of Fragmented Divine Artifacts. The weakest War Goddess came equipped with only five Divine Artifacts, but even she was not an existence Shi Feng would dare to fight head-on.

However, even after summoning the nine War Goddesses, Shi Feng remained uncertain as he looked at the colossal hands smashing down at him, and he quickly decided to spend ten God Crystals to activate Heroic Pledge.

There existed a 16-level gap between the War Goddesses and the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand. Although the War Goddesses came equipped with multiple Divine Artifacts, overcoming such a significant level gap remained a challenge.

But before Shi Feng could activate Heroic Pledge, the greatsword-wielding War Goddess suddenly jumped, flying straight into the air like a cannonball.

Clang!

In the blink of an eye, the War Goddess appeared before the dark colossal hands, the greatsword in her hands suddenly flaring with golden light. Immediately afterward, numerous divine runes wrapped around the weapon and compressed the surrounding space onto it.

Shi Feng felt like the world itself was gravitating toward the greatsword. Then, before he could react, the War Goddess struck the area where the colossal hands converged with her greatsword.

Boom!

With a loud bang, the sky disappeared…

What grade of combat technique is this? This scene dumbfounded Shi Feng.

The Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand’s attack was far from ordinary. Seeing as the dark mana hands it summoned could superimpose their power, its attack definitely reached the standard of Gold Combat Techniques. Without using an Advanced Gold Defensive Technique or some other lifesaving measure, a Level 236, Tier 6 tank would be swatted like a fly, suffering devastating damage.

Yet, with a single strike, the greatsword-wielding War Goddess shattered the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand’s attack, along with the sky above.

It should be known that the secret land created by the Primordial Flame Dragon was no ordinary secret land. The stability of its space was superior to that of many Realms; even the Eternal Realm barely rivaled it.

Nevertheless, the War Goddess still erased the space within tens of thousands of yards with her attack. Not even Peak Gold Combat Techniques should be capable of such destruction.

Before Shi Feng could regain his senses, the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand launched another attack, this time firing a dark laser beam at the greatsword-wielding War Goddess. The beam obliterated everything in its path, cleaving the land in two. It was clear that the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand was getting serious.

However, the greatsword-wielding War Goddess was not to be outdone. She promptly transformed her silver greatsword into three bolts of lightning, each more terrifying than the last. Then, she merged the three lightning bolts into a purple-gold lightning bolt and had it strike the beam of darkness.

Following the impact, the greatsword-wielding War Goddess fell back a step, the exchange revealing that she was slightly disadvantaged in Strength. Her HP also fell by 2%. Immediately afterward, though, a bow-wielding War Goddess shot an arrow into the sky and summoned a Healing Rain that rapidly restored the greatsword-wielding War Goddess to full health.

Though individually weaker, the nine Level 220, Tier 6 War Goddesses were not at all inferior to the Level 236 Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand when they fought as one. It was clear they could fight the monster head-on!

…