Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3785 - 859 - Soloing a Divine Boss

Great! There’s a chance!

Shi Feng’s eyes lit up when he saw that the greatsword-wielding War Goddess was only slightly disadvantaged in Strength.

Normally, soloing a Tier 6 Boss with 100 quadrillion HP should be impossible for a player. After all, such a monster could recover 2% of its HP every five seconds. It was nigh impossible for a player to overcome this barrier by themself.

However, the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand was a little different. As a monster that had died long ago, it didn’t possess battle recovery like normal monsters. So long as one could survive its attacks, one could grind it to death.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng took out ten Eternal God Crystals and activated the Feather of Oath’s second Skill, Heroic Pledge. Immediately, a War Goddess wielding a square shield and a spear had her equipment transformed into a Divine Set. The intensity of her aura surged, and she became much stronger than even the greatsword-wielding War Goddess, who was equipped with eight Divine Artifacts.

The change in the shield-wielding War Goddess’s aura caught the attention of the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand. Almost instinctively, the magic eyes that covered its body shone with dark light, and hundreds of greatswords exuding strange mana filled the area within a thousand yards, occulting the sky.

Is this the power of the Dark Primordial Tribe? Shi Feng was momentarily stunned as he looked at the one thousand greatswords floating silently in the sky.

At first glance, the floating greatswords seemed to be weapons. However, on closer inspection, Shi Feng realized that they were actually puppets. Moreover, each of these “puppets” was a Level 236 Divine monster. In other words, besides the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand, he now had to face a thousand Level 236 Divine monsters as well…

A thousand Divine monsters!

Even a 1,000-man Tier 6 legion would have difficulty fighting such an array of monsters!Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

“Die… Die… All of you die!” Although the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand did not possess a mouth, the mental fluctuations it gave off conveyed its thoughts directly into Shi Feng’s mind, and they radiated hostility toward the living.

As the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand conveyed its thoughts, the dark greatswords in the sky aimed their tips at Shi Feng. Evidently, the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand knew its true opponent in this battle.

“Use your Goddess’s Howl!” Shi Feng instinctively shouted at the shield-wielding War Goddess when he saw the dark greatswords targeting him.

Goddess’s Howl. This was a Tier 6 AOE Taunt Taboo Skill that the shield-wielding War Goddess had learned. Although the Taboo Skill had a five-minute cooldown, it would compel all enemies within 1,000 yards to attack the user once activated. Should taunted targets try to resist this compulsion and attack someone else, they would receive significant amounts of continuous damage. In contrast, the user would receive a buff to their Basic Attributes over time, starting at 100% and capping out at 300%.

Responding to Shi Feng’s command, the shield-wielding War Goddess stomped on the ground and let out a low shout, stirring up a storm that swept across a thousand yards. Additionally, over a thousand golden chains emerged from the golden magic array under her feet and established a link with the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand and the dark greatswords to force them to target her.

When the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand and the dark greatswords turned their focus to the shield-wielding War Goddess, she did not panic. Instead, with a swing of her spear, she called down countless lightning bolts from the sky to strike them.

Subsequently, damage values in the hundreds of billions appeared above the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand one after another. Almost instantly, it lost over a hundred trillion HP, and its HP bar fell 0.1%.

Their HPs are shared? Shi Feng grew ecstatic when he saw how much HP the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand lost.

Originally, he was quite troubled by the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand’s HP of 100 quadrillion. He had no idea how long it would take him to kill such a tough monster. After all, even the greatsword-wielding War Goddess could only deal a few hundred billion damage in each attack while suffering from 16 levels’ worth of level suppression.

Even if all nine War Goddesses attacked together, they could, at most, cause three to four trillion damage per second. At that rate, it would take them seven to eight hours to kill the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand. Moreover, that was assuming the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand did not resist or fight back. If the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand fought normally, the fight would take several dozen hours to conclude.

Fighting for dozens of hours in the same location was incredibly risky. Although he was currently in the Forest of the Dead, there was a chance some teams would enter the map and notice the commotion he was causing. At that time, all his effort would be for naught.

Fortunately, the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand shared its HP with the dark greatswords it summoned. Although the addition of these dark greatswords significantly increased the threat to Shi Feng, it also drastically reduced the time needed to kill the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand.

Meanwhile, the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand, furious at the shield-wielding War Goddess’ actions, had the dark greatswords attack her in a frenzied manner, the sight giving Shi Feng goosebumps. After all, this was equivalent to an attack conducted by 1,000 Level 236 Divine monsters.

However, the shield-wielding War Goddess remained unfazed and raised her shield defensively. Then, a bubble of golden divine runes formed around her, stopping all the dark greatswords’ inconceivably fast attacks.

When the dark greatswords concluded their first round of attacks, Shi Feng saw that the shield-wielding War Goddess hadn’t lost even 10% of her HP. Under the effects of the bow-wielding War Goddess’s Healing Rain, the shield-wielding War Goddess’s HP was restored to full in less than a second.

In the meantime, the eight other War Goddesses used their Offensive AOE Skills one after another, each move plundering over ten trillion HP from the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand. As for Shi Feng, he didn’t stay idle, either, continuously executing Dark Moon against the dark greatswords. Although the damage he caused was far less than that of the War Goddesses, he still managed to deprive the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand of one trillion HP with each attack. This would speed up the battle and minimize his chances of discovery by other players.

Ten minutes… Twenty minutes… Forty minutes…

The battle intensified as time passed. When the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand’s HP fell to 20%, it went berserk and summoned another thousand dark greatswords. With their numbers doubled, the dark greatswords reduced the shield-wielding War Goddess’s HP by more than 50% in just one round of attacks. Not even Healing Rain could restore her to full HP before the next round of attacks. When Shi Feng saw this, he promptly activated his Miniature Abyssal World to suppress the dark greatswords.

However, as maintaining the Miniature Abyssal World placed a huge burden on his Concentration, his complexion turned a shade lighter with every second he kept it active. Meanwhile, the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand’s HP decreased at a snail’s pace…

15%…..10%…..5%…..

When the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand’s HP fell below 100 trillion, it suddenly went berserk a second time, increasing the number of dark greatswords on the battlefield from 2,000 to 3,000. However, before any of these dark greatswords could wreak havoc, the shield-wielding War Goddess hurled her spear into the sky. Immediately afterward, a golden spear ten thousand meters long fell from the sky, its majesty visible across hundreds of thousands of yards.

Boom!

In just one strike, the area within ten thousand yards of the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand was turned into a sea of lightning, and the Divine Boss lost its last bit of HP.

…