Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3786 - 860 - Primordial Dragon Holy Crystal

Finally.

Shi Feng sighed in relief as he looked at the fallen Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand.

The Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand proved even tougher than anticipated. He truly had not expected the Divine Boss to have a second berserk phase. This battle would have been lost if not for the shield-wielding War Goddess.

Three thousand Level 236 Divine monsters!

Such a force would devastate most Realms in the Greater God’s Domain. Though every Realm had plenty of Divine monsters, none had 3,000 Divine monsters at Level 236. Even a Level 230, Tier 6 tank wielding a Divine Shield could barely contend with a Level 236 Divine monster. However, most upper-ranking hegemonic powers didn’t even have more than a few Level 230, Tier 6 tanks, let alone Level 230, Tier 6 tanks with Divine Shields.

Only pseudo-apex and apex powers, with their Level 235, Tier 6 tanks fully equipped with Divine Artifacts or Divine Sets, stood a chance against 3,000 Level 236 Divine monsters. Weaker powers shouldn’t even dream of engaging such a horde.

Following the death of the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand, Shi Feng’s experience bar soared. In the blink of an eye, he rose from Level 200 to Level 201, and then again to Level 202.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Normally, even a 1,000-man legion of Level 230, Tier 6 players would consider the EXP from the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand a substantial reward. Now, Shi Feng monopolized this EXP. Additionally, it was also multiplied by the maximum possible EXP bonus due to the 36-level gap between him and the Divine Boss. As a result, his level skyrocketed until he reached Level 212.

Twelve levels in one go? Shi Feng was astounded at how many levels he gained.

In the Greater God’s Domain, even with unlimited access to Taboo Secret Lands, players past Level 200 would need a week or more to level up once. Furthermore, this duration would only increase with their level due to the scarcity of higher-level monsters.

Yet, he gained 12 levels in one hour. This was likely the fastest anyone had ever leveled up in the human race’s Greater God’s Domain post-Level 200.

It’s a pity Level 236 Bosses like the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand are incredibly rare. Otherwise, I could have aimed to hit Level 220 within a day. Wistfulness filled Shi Feng as he glanced at the fading Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand. With the Feather of Oath, if I were at Level 220, I could even compete with the Dragon God Palace and Holy Dragon Spear for the Flame Dragon God’s Nest.

The Flame Dragon God’s Nest was one of three super-large-scale Taboo Secret Lands in the human race’s Greater God’s Domain. It was also one of only three Level 240-plus Taboo Secret Lands that Shi Feng knew of, and it could have a huge impact on a power’s development. This was because it could let players progress to Level 240 and beyond unobstructed.

Since Tier 7 remained unattainable in the human race’s Greater God’s Domain, Level 230-plus, Tier 6 players and Divine Artifacts became units of measurement for a power’s overall strength. The more a power commanded, the stronger it would be.

For this reason, whoever controlled the Flame Dragon God’s Nest would secure a future as an apex power for themselves. This was also why Holy Dragon Spear could fight an army of one million Tier 6 Holy Race players with just an elite force of 10,000 Tier 6 players.

When Holy Dragon Spear showed up on the battlefield with 100 Level 240-plus, Tier 6 experts and 10,000 Tier 6 experts close to Level 240, it had shocked the various human powers.

At the time, even apex powers in the human territories boasted only a few thousand Level 235-plus, Tier 6 experts after years of accumulation, while conglomerates and upper-ranking hegemonic powers would be fortunate to have a hundred. After all, although the monsters in secret lands respawned quickly, it didn’t happen instantly. Thus, the EXP secret lands could yield was finite, and powers could not afford to grant all their members unrestricted access.

However, a super-large-scale secret land could accommodate many more players than large-scale and ordinary secret lands. This was why Holy Dragon Spear could produce so many Level 235-plus, Tier 6 experts in a short time. They could have even competed against the various apex powers’ experts if not for their inferior equipment standards.

While Zero Wing was a formidable power in the Eternal Realm, it lagged far behind the various powers operating outside the Eternal Realm when it came to levels, weapons, and equipment. If Zero Wing could gain control of the Flame Dragon God’s Nest, it would undoubtedly make up for the Guild’s deficiencies.

The problem was that the Dragon God Palace’s and Holy Dragon Spear’s frontline experts were already inside the Flame Dragon God’s Nest. Without sufficient strength, Zero Wing had no hope of challenging these two pseudo-apex powers for the secret land’s ownership.

Thus, Shi Feng could only keep his thoughts to himself. He was already lucky to gain entry into the Flame Dragon God’s Nest. It was simply unrealistic to try to snatch it from the jaws of two pseudo-apex powers. After all, each of these pseudo-apex powers had at least a 100-man team of Level 235-plus, Tier 6 experts inside the secret land. They also had all sorts of Divine Artifacts to fall back on. Even with the Feather of Oath, he stood no chance.

Subsequently, Shi Feng turned his gaze to the items the Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand dropped.

The Dead Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand dropped very few items for a Divine Boss. Besides 144 Undying Souls, it dropped only two other items.

Be that as it may, the two other items dropped were extraordinary. Shi Feng would even go as far as to describe them as terrifying.

[Dark Divine Silver] (Godly Relic)
An ultra-rare metal born through the condensation of the Void Sea’s darkness. The Dark Divine Silver can be used to forcibly upgrade a Fragmented Divine Artifact into an exclusive Divine Artifact. The resulting Divine Artifact can only be used by the bound user and cannot be used by others.

[Primordial Dragon Holy Crystal] (Divine Artifact)
A soul crystal formed by the Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand after devouring a part of the Primordial Flame Dragon’s soul. The Primordial Dragon Holy Crystal can be absorbed by Dragon-type creatures for one bloodline transformation opportunity.

How powerful was this Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand when it was still alive? When Shi Feng finished reading the descriptions of the two items, he suspected that the Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand was much more fearsome when it was still alive than he had first thought.

Although Shi Feng found it unbelievable that the Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand could come back to life in the Flame Dragon God’s Nest, he initially hadn’t thought it had reached the standard of Primordial Gods. However, the Primordial Dragon Holy Crystal’s description forced him to rethink his assessment. After all, if the Thousand-Eyed Demonic Hand’s strength did not reach the Primordial God standard, it could never have devoured a portion of the Primordial Flame Dragon’s soul.

“The Dark Divine Silver is useless to me, but I can give it to Snow to upgrade her Chaos Wind Blade,” Shi Feng muttered as he put away the Dark Divine Silver before reaching for the Primordial Dragon Holy Crystal. “This thing, however, is something I can use. I wonder how much it can improve the Frostflame Dragon?”

After saying so, Shi Feng retrieved the Ancient Oath from his bag and summoned the Tier 5 Frostflame Dragon. Currently, the Frostflame Dragon was the only Dragon-type creature in his possession.

…