Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 861 – Pseudo-Tier 7 Concentration

After Shi Feng took out the Ancient Oath and chanted, a summoning array five hundred yards in radius appeared on the ground. Subsequently, a dragon over three hundred meters long flew out of the summoning array and landed before him. Despite being at Tier 5, the dragon exuded an aura comparable to that of a Tier 6 monster. It was like a king that had descended to the mortal world.

When the Frostflame Dragon saw Shi Feng, the dignified look on its face vanished as it rubbed its head against him, its eyes filled with joy. It behaved like a child who had not seen its parents in a long time.

“Here you go, little guy,” Shi Feng said as he threw the fist-sized Primordial Dragon Holy Crystal to the Frostflame Dragon.

The Divine-ranked Frostflame Dragon could grow into a Tier 6 Dragon if fed normally. The only problem was that this process required time. Thus, since his promotion to Tier 6, Shi Feng had treated the Tier 5 Frostflame Dragon only as a means of transportation.

But that could potentially change now that he had obtained the Primordial Dragon Holy Crystal. If he could promote the Frostflame Dragon to Tier 6, it would greatly help him.

As a Divine Flying Mount, the Frostflame Dragon already possessed the Basic Attributes of Tier 6 monsters despite being at Tier 5. Once it advanced to Tier 6, it might surpass Tier 6 Gods in Basic Attributes. At that time, while its offensive capabilities might remain inferior to War Goddesses equipped with multiple Divine Artifacts, its HP and tanking capabilities would be leagues above War Goddesses of the same level. It could compensate for the War Goddesses’ inadequate defensive capabilities.

Additionally, the Movement Speed of Flying Mounts would skyrocket once they reached Tier 6. Not only could they fly between Realms, but they could also let players riding on them gradually recover their Stamina and Concentration. Tier 6 Flying Mounts were essentially miniature mobile fortresses. This was also why Tier 6 Flying Mounts could be used for cross-realm travel.

After swallowing the Primordial Dragon Holy Crystal, the Frostflame Dragon became drowsy and slept beside Shi Feng. A moment later, divine runes gradually surfaced on its scales. Within a minute, three layers of divine runes covered the entire Frostflame Dragon, creating a cocoon of divine runes.

When the cocoon formed, it radiated a powerful aura that shook the mending space in the area. Then, the cocoon released draconic roars that echoed across tens of thousands of yards, scaring all Tier 5 monsters in the vicinity into fleeing.

Four minutes later, a pitch-black dragon surrounded by flames and frost emerged from the cocoon, its body reaching a thousand meters long. Immediately afterward, the dragon let out a deafening roar that shook the space within tens of thousands of yards.

This is…it’s Tier 6 form?

Shi Feng was momentarily taken aback when he sensed danger from the Frostflame Dragon. Rather than a Tier 6 monster, he felt like he was standing before an Ancient God right now.

Immediately, Shi Feng pulled up the Frostflame Dragon’s Attribute Panel, wanting to see what was going on.

What perverse Attributes! When Shi Feng saw the Frostflame Dragon’s statistics, the Feather of Oath’s War Goddesses suddenly seemed lackluster.

[Frostflame Sacred Dragon] (Dragon, Advanced Divine)

Level 212

HP 6,000,000,000,000,000

At their peak, Sacred Dragons were existences that could rival Ancient Gods. Thus, it was wonderful news that the Frostflame Dragon had evolved into a Sacred Dragon. Additionally, the Frostflame Sacred Dragon possessed unbelievably high HP and Defense. Despite being at Level 212, it already had six quadrillion HP, which was only slightly lower than the HP of a Level 230 Legendary monster. Paired with its Sacred Armor Defense, it could probably shrug off the attacks of a Level 230 Legendary monster. Its sturdiness could definitely match Level 220 Divine monsters.

Subsequently, Shi Feng looked at the Ancient Oath in his hand and saw that it had similarly undergone significant changes.

[Ancient Oath]

Can be used to summon an Advanced Divine-ranked Tier 6 Frostflame Sacred Dragon as a partner to fly and fight freely in the sky. If the Frostflame Sacred Dragon dies, it will need 30 natural days to return to life. The Frostflame Sacred Dragon can gain EXP through combat, but it cannot exceed the Ancient Oath’s wielder by more than 10 levels. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Additional Effect: The Frostflame Sacred Dragon will share 20% of its Basic Attributes and 30% of its Concentration with the Ancient Oath’s wielder.

Crap! A Dragon-type Divine Artifact?! Shi Feng was at a loss for words as he switched his gaze between the Ancient Oath and the Frostflame Sacred Dragon.

It was already a huge surprise that the Frostflame Dragon managed to evolve into a Sacred Dragon. However, the changes to the Ancient Oath were even more astonishing.

Being able to share 20% of the Frostflame Sacred Dragon’s Basic Attributes was equivalent to gaining one Divine Artifact’s worth of Basic Attributes. On top of that, he could also share 30% of the Frostflame Sacred Dragon’s Concentration. This was an effect all Tier 6 players would kill to have.

System: Congratulations! Your Concentration has exceeded the Tier 6 Limit standard and reached the Pseudo-Tier 7 standard.

System: Congratulations! You are the first player from the human race to have achieved Pseudo-Tier 7 Concentration. Rewarding the Special Skill Mind Gaze.

[Mind Gaze] (Special Skill)

When activated, weakens the target’s Concentration by 50%.

Duration: 30 seconds

Cooldown: 3 minutes

With my current strength, I should be able to match Ink Crystal, even without summoning the Frostflame Sacred Dragon. When Shi Feng sensed the changes to his body, he suddenly felt that sixth-floor experts were no longer out of his reach.

With his Pseudo-Tier 7 Concentration, he could now cast the Miniature Abyssal World without struggling. He should also be able to execute Gold Combat Techniques while maintaining the Miniature Abyssal World.

If he paired Gold Combat Techniques with the Miniature Abyssal World, he should have no trouble fighting sixth-floor experts at the same level and Basic Attributes. Not to mention, he also had the Basic Attribute bonus from the Frostflame Sacred Dragon. Now, he was basically a Tier 6 Humanoid Boss. Tier 6 Shield Warriors of the same level were unlikely to have even one-fifth of his HP, while Level 220, Tier 6 experts would need at least three or four Divine Artifacts to match him in Strength.

Moreover, this was before the Frostflame Sacred Dragon gained any additional levels. If the Frostflame Sacred Dragon were ten levels higher than him, a Level 220, Tier 6 expert would need at least five Divine Artifacts to surpass him in Strength.

Just as Shi Feng was about to get a feel for the improvements brought about by the Frostflame Sacred Dragon, his Pseudo-Tier 7 Concentration allowed him to detect a group of players that appeared within 10,000 yards of him.

There were 20 players in this group, each with exceptional Concentration. Even the weakest among them had Tier 6 Advanced Concentration.

Three Tier 6 Limit Concentration and nine Tier 6 Peak Concentration? Is this one of the top teams of the three powers? Shi Feng was a little surprised when he noticed the Concentration standards of the approaching 20-man team.

It was incredibly challenging for players in the human race’s Greater God’s Domain to achieve Tier 6 Peak Concentration. Generally, only those with extraordinary talent or special encounters could achieve it. As for players who could develop their Concentration to the Tier 6 Limit standard, they were either established powerhouses in the Greater God’s Domain or the strongest chosen ones nurtured by the various apex and pseudo-apex powers. This was because players had no standardized methods to develop their Concentration to the Tier 6 Limit standard. It wasn’t something that could be achieved by killing monsters or doing quests.

Thus, there shouldn’t be more than a few powers that could take out three players with Tier 6 Limit Concentration and nine with Tier 6 Peak Concentration.

Before Shi Feng could recover from his surprise, the 20-man team emerged from a spatial passage that suddenly formed before him. The members of this team were all above Level 230. The highest-level player among them was even at Level 239, a level only a small number of players had achieved in the human race’s Greater God’s Domain.

…