Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 383 - Blade Demon

“So, this is it, huh.”

Reading the item’s information, Shi Feng got a general understanding of the situation.

Even if he ran to the mountain and reached its peak, that wouldn’t mean he passed the trial. He needed to collect all 50 Legacy Chapters to pass.

However, now that he knew what he needed to do, this trial would be much easier to defeat.

He just had to search for Skeleton Warriors and kill Skeleton Giants to obtain Legacy Chapters.

So, Shi Feng began hunting around the fields for Skeleton Warriors.

Although the swords in the sky were a nuisance, Shi Feng gradually understood their attack patterns and could dodge them more efficiently. Soon, they were no longer much of an issue. Even when dealing with a large group of Skeleton Warriors, these swords would nick him a few times at most, dealing negligible damage.

After killing 12 Skeleton Giants in a row, Shi Feng discovered a problem.

Not every Skeleton Giant would drop a Legacy Chapter. In fact, the drop rate was very low. After killing 12 Skeleton Giants, he only obtained two Legacy Chapters. None of the monsters Shi Feng killed gave him any EXP, either. He also needed to dodge the swords from above constantly. Hunting these Skeleton Giants was truly exhausting, both physically and mentally. If not for the fact that one of the Ten Great Saint Legacies beckoned him, Shi Feng would never tolerate such a strenuous and unrewarding task.

---

While Shi Feng searched for Skeleton Warriors all around the mountain, an incident occurred in White River City.

Dark Star, a Guild that White River City had already forgotten, suddenly declared its dissolution. This news came as a great shock to everyone. Some of the Guilds who had previously allied themselves with Dark Star simultaneously announced their dissolution as well.

Originally, everyone had thought that White River City was on the path of becoming the overlord of Star-Moon Kingdom.

However, no one could have expected the following development.

Half a day after the dissolution of these Guilds, a Branch Guild of Overwhelming Smile suddenly appeared in White River City. More shockingly, Lone Tyrant, who was originally the Guild Leader of Dark Star, had become the Vice-Leader that led Overwhelming Smile’s Branch Guild. Furthermore, the benefits that Overwhelming Smile offered were impressive, at least twice as valuable as what Dark Star had previously offered. It was a blatant display of wealth.

The members of the dissolved Guilds promptly joined Overwhelming Smile’s White River City Branch.

Within half a day since Overwhelming Smile’s Branch Guild’s establishment, its member count had already reached 30,000. Moreover, that number was still increasing. It continuously recruited new members, thinking of ways to steal players from Zero Wing.

“Big Sis Aqua, Overwhelming Smile thinks too little of us. Instead of recruiting in their hometown of Maple City, they ran all the way here to fight us over members. The Guild Leader also suddenly disappeared and cannot be contacted. If we allow Overwhelming Smile to continue, by the time we start our recruitment tomorrow, they will have stolen all the good saplings. Big Sis Aqua, why don’t we start recruiting right now?” Snow Goose asked anxiously.

It had been Zero Wing’s fame that had attracted players from other cities. Yet, now, Overwhelming Smile had come to steal the fruit of victory. It was truly despicable.

“Overwhelming Smile is truly ambitious. They’ve only obtained the First Clear of a large-scale Team Dungeon, yet, already, they’re hungering after White River City.” Aqua Rose’s eyes flashed with rage. Although she was not afraid of losing potential Guild Members, she could not stand Overwhelming Smile’s arrogant attitude. They were clearly trying to provoke Zero Wing. “Does Overwhelming Smile think it is so easy to weave a web in White River City? Let’s start advertising our recruitment right now! I want to see how a second-rate Guild without a Guild Residence plans to compete with Zero Wing in terms of benefits!”

Once Zero Wing began to prepare for its recruitment fervently as well, White River City exploded with activity.

On one side, there was Overwhelming Smile, a Guild that had claimed the First Clear of a large-scale Team Dungeon and annexed Dark Star, one of the top six Guilds of White River City. On the other side stood Zero Wing, a Guild that possessed a Guild Residence and was led by Star-Moon Kingdom’s number one expert.

Many players on the forums were also discussing which Guild they should join.

“Big Brother Shadow Sword, White River City is truly interesting. Despite only being the fifth-ranking city of Star-Moon Kingdom, it is now contested over by the two most popular Guilds in the kingdom. Which Guild do you think these independent players will join?” the female Guardian Knight, Turtledove, asked the Berserker beside her, Shadow Sword, with an amused smile on her face.

“I don’t know what others will choose, but my goal from the very beginning has been to join Zero Wing,” Shadow Sword wasn’t interested in the competition between the two Guilds. His only thoughts right now were of passing Zero Wing’s assessment and polishing his strength by learning from the experts in Zero Wing. He also hoped to learn from Zero Wing’s Guild Leader, Black Flame. He had no interest in anything beyond that.

---

Meanwhile, after spending an entire day at the Origin Sword Domain, Shi Feng had collected 21 Legacy Chapters.

“Oh? What’s that monster?” At this moment, Shi Feng, who stood at the foot of Sword Peak Mountain, discovered a monster of steel slowly descended the mountain. This steel monster seemed to be patrolling its territory.

Although this monster was not large, only twice as tall as Shi Feng, all four of its limbs were blades. The rest of its body was made of pitch-black steel, decorated with spikes. It looked like a machine of slaughter.

Although Shi Feng wanted to know this monster’s information, he only received an “Unknown” when he attempted to identify it. Even Observing Eyes failed to yield any results. Hence, Shi Feng had no choice but to use Omniscient Eyes.

[Blade Demon] (Demonic Creature, Chieftain Rank)

Level 30

HP 300,000/300,000

Shi Feng’s interest suddenly grew upon discovering that the Blade Demon was a Chieftain ranked monster.

Since the Chieftain ranked Skeleton Giant had a chance to drop Legacy Chapters, the Chieftain ranked Blade Demon before him might drop the item as well. Fortunately, dealing with a single Blade Demon was much easier than destroying hundreds of Skeleton Warriors in addition to a Skeleton Giant. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Moreover, the Blade Demon only had 300,000 HP. At most, it would only be slightly stronger than the Skeleton Giants. If so, Shi Feng could defeat it easily.

Of course, Shi Feng would not rashly charge to his death. The only reason he had defeated the Skeleton Giants so easily was due to the monster’s dull reactions and the aid of the swords in the sky. On the other hand, not only was the Blade Demon a stronger monster, but it also wasn’t that large. Shi Feng didn’t expect its reaction time to be as slow.

If Shi Feng confronted the Blade Demon directly, he would only seek his own death. Hence, he needed to identify the monster’s weakness.

If it’s a Demonic Creature, then the Demon Hunter title will suppress its strength. Let’s use the doppelganger to test things out first, then. Thinking so, Shi Feng switched out his Might of a Thousand title for the Demon Hunter title.

The Demon Hunter title reduced the Attributes of all darkness-type monsters within a 100-yard radius by 10% and increased Shi Feng’s damage towards darkness-type monsters by 10%. Demonic Creatures were considered darkness-type monsters.

Following which, Shi Feng used Phantom Kill and sent his doppelganger charging forward.

When the doppelganger was 40 yards away from the Blade Demon, it threw the Blazing Meteor at the monster. A red glow instantly crossed the distance between the doppelganger and the Blade Demon. Just as the Blazing Meteor was about to hit the Blade Demon’s back a black streak of light flashed over, striking the Blazing Meteor out of its path.

“What? Is it that amazing? Does it not have any blind spots?” Shi Feng muttered in shock.

Shi Feng’s doppelganger had clearly launched its attack, yet, as if the Blade Demon had eyes in the back of its head, it deflected the flying projectile. Moreover, the Blade Demon’s reaction was astonishingly quick; the Skeleton Giants paled in comparison.

However, Shi Feng did not believe that the Blade Demon had no blind spots.

The doppelganger activated Windwalk and circled to the other side of the Blade Demon. Once again, it threw the Blazing Meteor, launching a series of attacks in quick succession.

The Blazing Meteor shot at the Blade Demon again and again. However, no matter which angle it approached, the Blade Demon easily deflected it. Moreover, the monster moved extremely fast, leaving afterimages wherever it passed. In just a moment, the Blade Demon stood in front of Shi Feng’s doppelganger.

Shua! Shua! Shua!

In the blink of an eye, the Blade Demon had launched dozens of attacks. Despite the doppelganger having already activated Defensive Blade, the Demon broke through the skill almost instantly. The doppelganger only managed to block a few attacks before losing its life...

Shi Feng’s eyes widened as he watched his doppelganger’s death.

However, after a brief moment of shock, Shi Feng suddenly discovered that the Blade Demon had not returned to its wandering after killing the doppelganger. Instead, it turned around and charged directly at him.