Chapter 385 - Professional Level

“No way!”

Shi Feng struggled to calm himself even after staring at the forging design in his hand for a long time.

Previously, when he obtained the Fine-Gold ranked Dragonscale Set Equipment back in the God’s Grave, he had believed it to be the top Set Equipment currently available, second to none.

However, with Shi Feng’s current forging standards, he could not forge the Dragonscale Set Equipment. He needed to become an Advanced Forger before he could attempt it. However, a lot of time was required to advance to an Advanced Forger, time that Shi Feng did not have.

Yet, now, the forging design for an Epic Set Equipment had fallen into his hands.

If he could equip an Epic Set Equipment, killing players would be as easy as slicing vegetables. He would truly be invincible among fellow players.

Originally, Shi Feng’s head had ached thinking about ways to deal with the five cities controlled by Underworld. Now, however, this fragment swept those concerns away. As long as he could don the complete Broken Steel Set Equipment, he alone could become enough of a nuisance to disturb those Guilds.

Now that Shi Feng knew the Blade Demons dropped the forging design for the Broken Steel Set Equipment, even if he had to exhaust himself for a few days, he would obtain all the forging design fragments.

Shi Feng was suddenly brimming with enthusiasm. Turning around, he charged towards Sword Peak Mountain in search of another Blade Demon.

Unknowingly, another day had passed in God’s Domain.

Before Shi Feng logged out of the game, he had killed several dozens more Skeleton Giants and Blade Demons. In the two days he had spent in the Origin Sword Domain, Shi Feng had obtained a total of 33 Legacy Chapters and 8 Broken Steel Forging Design Fragments. He was not far from completing both the Legacy Book and the Broken Steel Set Equipment Forging Design.

Shi Feng had lingered in God’s Domain for two natural days without logging out to rest. As his body had been in the virtual gaming cabin all this time, the moment he stepped out of the cabin, his stomach growled a hungry complaint. However, his body did not feel any discomfort after laying motionless for two days. On the contrary, he felt extremely relaxed.

It’s as expected of a virtual gaming cabin. It even assisted my body’s absorption of the S-rank Nutrient Fluids. Shi Feng clenched his fists and stretched. Revealing a faint smile, he thought, My punching power should be around 320 kg now.

Originally, Shi Feng had needed five days to absorb a bottle of S-rank Nutrient Fluids, allowing the liquid to restore his body’s vitality and repair broken cells.

Now, however, only two days had passed, and Shi Feng had already absorbed the S-rank Nutrient Fluids.

Shi Feng judged that, based on his body’s current condition, he should barely meet the standard of a professional fighter. His current body had already far surpassed his body in his previous life.

At the very least, his physical fitness was no longer inferior to the apex experts of God’s Domain.

Being young really is great. If I started training my body only after I turned 25, it wouldn’t really make a difference. Shi Feng was satisfied with his current physical fitness. As long as he continued his training, his physical fitness would continue to improve. At that time, he could exert more of his brain’s potential, allowing him to break through the boundaries he had never been able to cross. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Although Shi Feng was hungry, he did not immediately look for something to eat. Instead, after leaving the virtual gaming cabin, he walked towards his fridge and retrieved a bottle of A-rank Nutrient Fluids. He then filled his empty stomach with the cold liquid.

After having not eaten for 48 hours, although he had the protection of the virtual gaming cabin during this period, filling his stomach with solid food would negatively impact his body. It was best to drink Nutrient Fluids first and let his stomach gradually adapt. After a few hours, he could have a proper meal.

Looking at the bottle of A-rank Nutrient Fluids in his hand, Shi Feng felt like he was dreaming.

Over ten days ago, he had lamented spending ten Credits on a meal. Now, however, despite drinking a bottle of Nutrient Fluids that cost 10,000 Credits, he felt nothing at all. Although his reincarnation was part of the reason, it was more due to his change in mentality brought about by strength.

Suddenly, his doorbell rang.

Accessing the doorway monitor through his quantum watch, Shi Feng discovered Blackie standing outside his door. For some reason, Blackie looked panicked. It looked like he had some very urgent news. Shi Feng promptly disabled the lock to his front door using his quantum watch.

“Brother Feng, where have you been these past two days? I haven’t been able to contact you all this time. I even wondered if you were in some kind of accident!” As Blackie burst into the apartment and saw that Shi Feng drinking a bottle of Nutrient Fluids, he unconsciously heaved a sigh of relief.

“What could possibly happen to me?” Shi Feng chuckled. “Did something happen while I was gone?”

“Of course, something happened! Overwhelming Smile had been poaching our members. Although our Guild’s member count has increased steadily, the benefits Overwhelming Smile is offering are too enticing, and many have started considering defecting to Overwhelming Smile.

“I initially thought of increasing the benefits Zero Wing provides as well. However, Sister Aqua said no. Although Sister Fire Dance only focuses on the Guild’s core team, she, agreed with Aqua Rose’s opinion. However, at this rate, more members will leave the Guild. If we allow this situation to continue, it will negatively impact Zero Wing as a whole. We need to think of a solution for this quickly.

“I have been trying to contact you all this time, but you haven’t answered any of my calls or messages. I had no choice but to visit you personally.”

Blackie then explained the general situation to Shi Feng.

“Overwhelming Smile sure is intent on destroying us with money.” Shi Feng smiled bitterly.

“Brother Feng, you too? Sister Aqua said something similar.” Blackie was somewhat astonished.

“I understand the situation. However, I am still tied up with my quest. Go back and tell Aqua to continue recruiting members. The benefits we offer will stay the same, but loosen the entry requirements a little.” Shi Feng also showed his support for Aqua Rose’s decision. “Let’s see just how many players you can steal from us. How much money do you plan to burn?”

Taking Blackie’s advice and increasing the benefits that Zero Wing offered was not a long-term solution. Moreover, Overwhelming Smile could simply counter by increasing the benefits it offered again. If this trend continued, the situation would soon snowball out of control and grow into an all-out economic war. At that time, the side with the most funds would be the final victor.

Meanwhile, Feng Xuanyang, who quietly supported Overwhelming Smile, aimed for just that. If he had to increase the benefits Overwhelming Smile offered dozens of times, he would. He was confident he could destroy Zero Wing this way.

Meanwhile, although Zero Wing could cause Overwhelming Smile to suffer greater losses by raising the benefits it offered, they would still lose.

Zero Wing did not have the support of a large corporation. It also did not have the funds to contend with Overwhelming Smile. If Zero Wing increased its offer, it would dig its own grave.

Shi Feng had seen many of such situations in his past life, and he had considered his options long ago. The best thing was to bide their time and stay on course.

However invincible the opponents might seem, he would forever remain true to himself.

Moreover, when Shi Feng had established Zero Wing, he had intended to establish a Guild that was pure, rather than one where its members would leave because of a little enticement. Zero Wing did not need such shallow people.

At this moment, instead of cursing, Shi Feng wanted to thank Overwhelming Smile for ridding the scum from his Guild.

Shi Feng’s reply left Blackie speechless. However, since Shi Feng had already decided, he would fully support his Guild Leader. In truth, Blackie knew that increasing the benefits the Guild provided would only increase the burden of Zero Wing. However, he still could not help his panic. Now that he had obtained Shi Feng’s reply, his anxiety began to fade.