Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 387 - Magic Knight

Shi Feng had already stayed in the Origin Sword Domain for three days now.

After killing a large number of Chieftain ranked Skeleton Giants and Blade Demons, the number of Legacy Chapters and Broken Steel Forging Design Fragments he could obtain from these two monsters had also reached its limit. No matter how many of these monsters Shi Feng killed, they no longer dropped any items.

If not for the fact that Shi Feng wanted to upgrade all his attack-type skills to Tier 1 skills and raise his current combat power to its utmost, he would have long since charged up Sword Peak Mountain.

Although he could still continue trying to upgrade the tier of his skills, the amount of Skill Proficiency required to raise a skill from Tier 1 to Tier 2 was simply too much. This was a feat that could not be accomplished within a short amount of time. In addition, Shi Feng did not have much time left.

Shi Feng had promised to help Gentle Snow in five days’ time. Hence, he had no choice but to proceed with the Legacy Trial.

Moreover, during this period of time, another major incident had occurred in White River City.

After taking the First Clear of the large-scale Team Dungeon in Maple City, Overwhelming Smile had gone on to claim the First Clear of the Land of Death, the large-scale Team Dungeon in White River City. Meanwhile, Ouroboros’s team, which was led by Gentle Snow, was a step behind, becoming only the second team to clear the Land of Death.

Although Gentle Snow was only a step behind, it was a world of difference.

The reason being, only the first team to clear a large-scale Team Dungeon would have its achievement announced. There was nothing waiting for second place. If Gentle Snow wished to have an announcement of her own, then she would have to clear the Hell Mode Land of Death. However, the Hell Mode of the Land of Death was much more difficult than Hard Mode. She would require a large amount of time to raid the Hell Mode Land of Death, making it not worth her effort at all.

It was much better for Gentle Snow to place her focus on raiding Level 20 large-scale Team Dungeons, especially 100-man Team Dungeons.

Compared to going from Level 10 to 20, the timespan between Level 20 and 30 was much wider. Leveling in God’s Domain took much longer the further one went. After reaching Level 20, players would find themselves taking far longer to level up. Hence, Guilds would have much more time to challenge Dungeons than before.

On Sword Peak Mountain, Shi Feng had not met with any danger throughout his entire journey. He also did not meet a single monster on the mountain.

However, the closer he got to the light at the summit, the faster the swords in the sky descended. Moreover, the number of swords that shot at Shi Feng also greatly increased, raising the difficulty of the ascent.

Is the difficulty only this much? Shi Feng felt very surprised.

Although these dropping swords were indeed giving him some trouble, he would have no problems reaching the top of the mountain through dodging and blocking.

After spending four days in this place, Shi Feng had collected a total of 49 Legacy Chapters and 17 Design Fragments. He was only one piece away from completing both items.

As the only exit of the Origin Sword Domain, the peak of the mountain definitely held the final Legacy Chapter and Design Fragment.

“What’s that?”

Shi Feng suddenly discovered a majestic-looking armored knight standing at the mountaintop, the knight’s hands gripping a greatsword.

This armored knight was different from the Skeleton Giants and Blade Demons.

The reason being, this greatsword-wielding knight was not a monster but an NPC, instead.

[Doren Paley] (Tier 1 Magic Knight)

Level 30

HP 300,000/300,000

Level 30 Tier 1 NPCs were much harder to deal with compared to Level 30 Chieftains.

Meanwhile, the Tier 1 NPC in front of Shi Feng was clearly not an ordinary existence. Although Doren Paley only possessed 300,000 HP—the same amount as the Level 30 Chieftain ranked Blade Demon—the skills and intelligence he possessed would definitely be far stronger and higher than the Blade Demon’s. To players, Doren Paley was a nightmare.

However, Shi Feng no longer had a path of retreat right now; he could only advance. After making his preparations to confront the Magic Knight, Shi Feng charged forward while dealing with the swords raining down on him.

Yet, the moment Shi Feng stepped onto the stone platform Doren Paley stood on, the swords in the sky also stopped attacking him, as if declaring that Shi Feng had completed the game of cat-and-mouse.

“Challenger, since you have managed to arrive at this place, it shows that you indeed possess some strength and are qualified to fight me. As long as you can defeat me, you will be allowed to continue advancing.” When Doren Paley noticed Shi Feng, instead of entering battle immediately, he revealed an excited expression and explained, “Starting now, you have five minutes to prepare. Five minutes later, I will start attacking. Of course, you are also allowed to initiate an attack ahead of time. I hope that you do not disappoint me.”

“A one-on-one duel?” Shi Feng looked at his surroundings but failed to discover any other traps or monsters.

However, after giving it some thought, Shi Feng found nothing strange about this situation. The NPC before him was a Tier 1 class. Doren Paley was definitely not an opponent ordinary players could contend against.

Since Shi Feng was given five minutes to rest, he would certainly not waste it. He promptly sat down on the stage and took out a Delicious Steak to eat. Not only would he recover Stamina and HP this way, he would also receive some bonus Attributes.

Although running and dodging for long periods of time did not greatly affect a player’s body, it was a massive drain on their mental power. Meanwhile, five minutes was plenty of time for Shi Feng to restore himself to peak condition.

However, Shi Feng did not just spend his five-minute rest drinking and eating. He also carefully observed the surrounding environment, as well as studied the NPC named Doren Paley.

Shi Feng had seen the class known as Magic Knight before in his previous life. It was considered a rare hidden class.

An Advanced Legacy.

Magic Knights and Astromancers were classes notorious for being unorthodox.

Attacks of Astromancers were known for being strange.

Attacks of Magic Knights were known for being violent.

Compared to a Tier 1 Swordsman, a Tier 1 Magic Knight had more variety in their attacks. The reason being, they incorporated various sorts of magic. In other words, their attacks inflicted a combination of physical and magic damage. Not even Tier 1 Shield Warriors could endure the attacks of a Magic Knight.

However, this hidden class also suffered from a very glaring weakness. In order to increase their Attack Power, Magic Knights had discarded their lifesaving skills. Hence, they were very poor in terms of survivability.

The seconds and minutes quickly passed by. Of course, Shi Feng would not wait until the five minutes were up to attack Doren Paley.

In this kind of battle, the first person to strike held the greatest advantage. Hence, Shi Feng took the initiative to start the battle.

When Shi Feng was only 40 yards away from Doren Paley, he suddenly took out the Blazing Meteor and threw it at the Magic Knight’s vital point.

Doren Paley simply scoffed at Shi Feng’s attack. He retrieved the silver greatsword from his back and lightly swung it. Immediately, blades of flame shot out from Doren Paley’s greatsword. These blades of flame collided with the Blazing Meteor, striking it down, before proceeding towards Shi Feng.

However, when these blades of flame were only about halfway to their target, Shi Feng suddenly appeared behind Doren Paley and initiated a Tier 1 Chop at the Magic Knight’s back.

Doren Paley suddenly smiled. He spun around abruptly, the flames covering his greatsword growing even more prominent. With a swing of his greatsword, he sent a Flame Tornado clashing against Shi Feng’s Abyssal Blade. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

When the two swords collided, sparks splattered the surroundings.

After clashing swords for dozens of times in a row, Shi Feng concluded that, in terms of Strength, he was no match for the Magic Knight. On the other hand, his speed was superior to Doren Paley’s. Despite having to retreat before the Magic Knight’s every blow, Shi Feng managed to avoid receiving any fatal damage. However, under the circumstances, the battle would eventually end in his defeat.

After all, Doren Paley possessed 300,000 HP, whereas Shi Feng had just slightly more than 3,000 HP.

In a situation where both parties were equally skilled, the side with more HP would naturally emerge the victor.

To begin with, Shi Feng’s combat power was inferior to Doren Paley’s.

“As a Tier 0, you indeed deserve praise for being able to fight against me. However, what do you think of this move?” Doren Paley revealed a faint smile. Suddenly, the flames surrounding his greatsword disappeared. In the next moment, cold air wrapped around the silver greatsword.

With a light swing...

The area 40 yards around Doren Paley turned into a land of extreme frost. Inside this domain of frost, both Shi Feng’s Movement Speed and Attack Speed declined greatly. In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng lost his speed advantage...