Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 388 - Flame Dragon’s Dance

Shi Feng hurriedly retreated upon seeing this scene, wanting to escape Doren Paley’s Frost Domain.

He had not expected Doren Paley’s intelligence to be high enough to actually grasp a player’s weakness.

This sort of NPC was an extremely rare sight in the current God’s Domain. Only in the later stages of God’s Domain would players be able to frequently see such NPCs. Moreover, these NPCs were usually Tier 3 NPCs and above. Meanwhile, Doren Paley was only a Tier 1 NPC.

Higher intelligence. I won’t stand a chance with the status quo.

Shi Feng’s expression turned solemn when he saw Doren Paley’s figure charging at him.

If Doren Paley were only an ordinary Tier 1 NPC, even if he had 300,000 HP, Shi Feng would have been confident of defeating him.

Before leaving White River City, Shi Feng had armed himself with over a hundred Tier 2 Magic Scrolls from the Guild Warehouse. Meanwhile, most of these Tier 2 Magic Scrolls came from the Blood Hand Association’s stronghold with the rest from the Dungeon raids carried out by Guild members.

The Origin Sword Domain was different from the Twelve Trials Shi Feng had previously undergone. In the Twelve Trials, Shi Feng had not been allowed to use any tools to assist him. However, the Origin Sword Domain did not impose such a restriction. He could use as many Magic Scrolls as he liked here.

If he had over a hundred Tier 2 Magic Scrolls, it would be an easy task to deal with an ordinary Level 30 Tier 1 NPC.

Even if Doren Paley had 300,000 HP, he would still die under the might of so many Tier 2 Magic Scrolls.

However, the situation was different now.

In the past, Shi Feng had crossed swords with many high-tiered NPCs, so he knew very clearly that NPCs who possessed higher intelligence were extremely sensitive towards Magic Scrolls. Players required some casting time, however short, when using Magic Scrolls. Meanwhile, when higher-intelligence NPCs noticed this, they would either hurriedly withdraw to escape the effective range of the Magic Scroll, or they would decisively charge up to interrupt the casting process, not giving the player any chance to attack using the Magic Scroll.

Seeing Doren Paley charging at him, Shi Feng immediately brandished the Abyssal Blade and cast Abyssal Bind at the Magic Knight.

Nine pitch-black chains suddenly emerged from the stone floor. In response, Doren Paley simply snorted and stabbed his greatsword into the platform. In the next moment, a golden magic array rose up from underfoot and quickly enveloped his entire body. The magic array released a faint golden glow, and when the pitch-black chains touched this golden glow, they instantly turned into smoke and vanished.

Shi Feng immediately recognized the golden glow covering Doren Paley’s body.

This skill was called Free Will. Upon activation, the skill made the user immune to all control effects, rendering a control skill like Abyssal Bind completely useless.

Shi Feng gritted his teeth and activated Wind Rider, increasing his Movement Speed by 150% as well as gaining the ability to fly temporarily. He escaped out of Doren Paley’s Frost Domain right after.

However, when the battle began, a magic barrier had formed around the combat platform, enclosing it completely. Hence, although Shi Feng could fly now, he could not get too far. When the 20-second duration of Wind Rider ended, Doren Paley would still catch up to him.

At this rate, Shi Feng would still die sooner or later.

The seconds passed by quickly, and from beginning to end, Doren Paley fervently chased Shi Feng. As a Magic Knight, Doren Paley might possess great destructive power and an absolute advantage in a direct confrontation, but he was sorely lacking in lifesaving skills and control skills. Hence, Doren Paley was utterly helpless against Shi Feng’s extreme speed, and he grew furious at this situation.

Within his Frost Domain, Doren Paley could clearly finish Shi Feng off with just a few hits. Yet, as if Shi Feng was a lively rabbit, not only was he very agile, his ability to escape was also first-rate.

“I want to see just how long you can stay in the air! The moment you descend will be the moment I end your life!” Doren Paley lightly snorted, glaring at Shi Feng who was hovering in the sky.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng was also silently observing Doren Paley from midair.

When in a desperate situation, the most important thing to do was to remain calm. That was one of the basics of surviving in God’s Domain.

No matter how one looked at the situation, a Tier 0 player simply had no chance to defeat a Level 30 Tier 1 higher-intelligence NPC. Not to mention, said NPC was even a Magic Knight that possessed 300,000 HP. If it were anyone else standing in Shi Feng’s place right now, they would have long since lost their lives.

Despite his dire situation, Shi Feng remained very calm. The reason being, he knew very clearly that Legacy Trials would not mercilessly toy around with players. Shi Feng firmly believed that the trial should have given him a lifeline.

However, where was this lifeline?

The entire stone platform was currently enveloped by a magic barrier. Moreover, the platform was completely flat, with a range of activity of only 100*100 yards available. The entire platform was paved with black stone slabs with strange patterns engraved all over them. Meanwhile, the patterns on these dozens of stone slabs came together to form magic patterns that Shi Feng had never seen before. Other than those, there was nothing else on the stone platform.

Is my lifeline these magic patterns?

Shi Feng had a certain amount of understanding in regard to magic patterns. However, he only grew confused when he looked at the magic patterns engraved into the stone slabs. Just what function did these magic patterns have?

Soon, Wind Rider’s duration ended and Shi Feng descended back to the stage. Doren Paley immediately charged at him.

Shi Feng hurriedly activated Purgatory Power and abruptly jumped. As he raised the Abyssal Blade up high, raging flames and golden lightning emerged around the blade of the silvery-gray weapon. Shi Feng then swung the Abyssal Blade down at Doren Paley’s head. Suddenly, as if the space surrounding Doren Paley solidified, the Magic Knight’s movements turned sluggish.

Not only did the Tier 1 Thunder Flame Explosion possess a wider effective range, the duration of the Fainted effect had also increased to six seconds. In addition, upon activation of the skill, enemies within a 10-yard radius would also receive a slowness effect. Enemies affected by this effect would have their speed reduced to only a sixth of their original, only recovering one-sixth of their speed with each passing second. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Doren Paley snorted and activated Free Will once more, immediately shaking off the slowness effect. He then sent a Flame Cross Slash to counter Shi Feng’s Thunder Flame Explosion.

When the two skills collided, countless sparks flew to the surroundings. Cracks also appeared on the stone platform.

Meanwhile, the impact sent Shi Feng flying backward, his body slamming heavily onto the ground. Shi Feng’s entire body went numb, and his HP started madly decreasing as well. In the blink of an eye, his HP had fallen below 1,000, and it still showed no signs of slowing down.

Panicking, Shi Feng hurriedly retrieved an Intermediate Recovery Potion from his bag and emptied its contents. His HP soon stopped decreasing, barely staying above the 800-point threshold before slowly rising. In the end, his HP recovered to over 1,100.

Thunder Flame Explosion was a skill that possessed frightening destructive power. Yet, despite both being Tier 1 skills, just the impact between Doren Paley’s Flame Cross Slash and his Thunder Flame Explosion had caused him to lose over half of his HP. If he went through another clash like that, he would definitely die.

Currently, Shi Feng felt numb all over; even moving his arm was a challenge. He would not be able to defend against Doren Paley’s next volley of attacks for a short period of time.

However, something strange happened. Instead of immediately initiating another offensive at Shi Feng, Doren Paley actually stood there motionless.

“What’s going on?” Shi Feng was surprised.

At this moment, Doren Paley was glaring at him with eyes filled with killing intent. It did not seem as if the Magic Knight wanted to give him a breather. Yet, Doren Paley just kept looking at him.

Wait. His armor.

Shi Feng discovered cracks on Doren Paley’s black armor. However, these cracks were in the midst of slowly mending themselves right now.

Is it because my attack has damaged his armor?

Shi Feng’s heart was filled with uncertainty, and he thought of trying it once again.

Currently, Shi Feng had difficulty moving about. Seeing that Doren Paley gave no indication of taking action, Shi Feng took out a Tier 2 Magic Scroll, Flame Dragon’s Dance, from his bag.