Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 951 – Pseudo-Tier 7 Mana

? Previous Chapter

Table of Contents

Next Chapter (Teaser) ?

Shadowring Town, Zero Wing’s Residence:

After applying the Eternal God Crystal’s buff[1] on himself, Shi Feng began to interpret the mana fluctuations from the stone tablet’s engravings. In no time, bits and pieces of information appeared in his mind.

Amazing! Shi Feng was shocked by the information he uncovered.

The Fourth Goddess Tablet recorded nine Legacies. Although that was much fewer than the Sixth Goddess Tablet, which recorded 24 Legacies, all nine were extraordinary.

The Fourth Goddess Tablet recorded as many as five Peak Gold Combat Techniques. It even recorded two Large-scale Gold Combination Techniques, something the various powers would die for.

Of these two combination techniques, one required 20 players to execute, while the other required 24. Both combination techniques could match Tier 6 Overlimit Skills in power when properly executed. However, unlike Overlimit Skills, these combination techniques did not have a Cooldown. So long as players had sufficient Concentration and Stamina, they could execute them indefinitely. In other words, these combination techniques could allow teams of 20 or 24 players to fight Overlimit experts.

Overlimit experts were exceedingly rare among the three races. Even in Shi Feng’s previous life, only a handful of players could use Tier 6 Overlimit Skills and Spells. However, many players could execute Gold Combat Techniques. Any apex power could easily come up with a thousand such experts. This was equivalent to dozens of Overlimit experts. Not even royal powers could come up with such a lineup.

As for the Fourth Goddess Legacy’s last two Legacies, both were Goddess-ranked Mana Techniques. That was one more Goddess-ranked Mana Technique than what the Sixth Goddess Tablet had.

After reading the introduction, Shi Feng excitedly interpreted the actual Legacies.

First Legacy… Nothing…

Second Legacy… Nothing…

Third Legacy… Nothing… DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

After interpreting mana fluctuations for nearly five hours, Shi Feng nearly broke down when he discovered that the details of eight out of nine Legacies were missing.

Don’t tell me there isn’t even a single Legacy remaining? Shi Feng couldn’t help feeling anxious as he looked at the last Legacy he had yet to interpret.

The first seven of the eighteen Goddess Tablets were the most important. Moreover, by the looks of it, the Fourth Goddess Tablet’s Legacies were superior to the Sixth Goddess Tablet’s. If Zero Wing could obtain even one of these Legacies, it could elevate the overall strength of the Guild’s frontline experts to the next level.

Currently, Zero Wing didn’t have a single complete Gold Combat Technique Legacy, let alone Peak Gold Combat Technique Legacies. The Guild could only offer its members recordings of Gold Combat Techniques to learn from. The effectiveness of such a learning medium was vastly inferior to that of a proper Legacy Guidance.

As Shi Feng interpreted the Fourth Goddess Tablet’s final Legacy, a system notification informed him that the interpretation process had concluded.

Incomplete Goddess-ranked Mana Technique, Threefold Mana Body!

It’s incomplete? Shi Feng was at a loss for words when he saw the system’s description of the ninth Legacy.

Goddess-ranked Mana Techniques could be grouped among the best Mana Techniques in existence. Any player who could master one would be no weaker than an expert who had mastered a Peak Gold Combat Technique. Apex powers could also use Goddess-ranked Mana Techniques to bolster their foundations.

However, it was a different story if a Goddess-ranked Mana Technique was incomplete. Not only would its effectiveness decrease, but it would also become more difficult to learn than complete Goddess-ranked Mana Techniques. Simply put, it would be useless to both individual players and powers.

Just when Shi Feng was about to abandon the Fourth Goddess Tablet, Threefold Mana Body’s Legacy Guidance descended upon the depths of his mind. Immediately, he was given a demonstration of Threefold Mana Body’s execution, and he could suddenly control all the magic elements in his body. It wasn’t until the demonstration had ended that he returned to his senses.

What a heaven-defying Mana Technique! As Shi Feng stared at the Fourth Goddess Tablet in his hands, he no longer regarded the incomplete Threefold Mana Body Technique as useless.

The Threefold Mana Body Technique functioned like a Mana Purification Technique. It was designed to strengthen the user’s mana. However, unlike a Mana Purification Technique, whose effects were permanent, Threefold Mana Body’s effects only enhanced the user’s mana when in use. Players would also continuously burn Concentration and Stamina while using it. In return, though, Threefold Mana Body’s effects were incredible.

Although players could benefit from a Mana Purification Technique forever once they learned it, copies of high-ranking Mana Purification Techniques were not easy to come by. Even copies of the Silver Mana Purification Technique were as rare as a phoenix’s feather, let alone those of a higher rank. Furthermore, the Mana Purification Techniques obtained from the Western Continent limited the number of players that could learn them; each copy allowed only one player to learn from it.

In contrast, the Threefold Mana Body Technique could be passed on to an unlimited number of players. Additionally, the technique came in three stages, each corresponding to a particular grade of Mana Purification Technique. The first stage, named the Onefold Mana Body, provided effects rivaling that of the Silver Mana Purification Technique. The second stage, named the Twofold Mana Body, had effects rivaling that of the Gold Mana Purification Technique. As for the third stage, named the Threefold Mana Body, its effects rivaled that of the Advanced Gold Mana Purification Technique.

Unfortunately, as the Threefold Mana Body Technique recorded was incomplete, only the first two stages were available for study. Nonetheless, Shi Feng was very satisfied with it. He even felt that the Fourth Goddess Tablet was a little too amazing.

As far as he could remember, there was no Gold Mana Purification Technique. More specifically, nobody in his previous life had ever obtained a copy of it. But now, he had the chance to learn it. He could even share it with as many people as he wanted. It would be an understatement to regard the Fourth Goddess Tablet as anything less than heaven-defying.

At this point, Shi Feng promptly retrieved another Eternal God Crystal from his bag and used it on himself. Then, he began moving the magic elements in his body according to the Legacy Guidance’s demonstration.

It wasn’t difficult to move his body’s magic elements according to the Threefold Mana Body Technique’s requirements. He simply had to make a copy of the flow of magic elements in his body. So long as he could create a copy of this magic element network, he’d have executed Onefold Mana Body successfully. If he wanted to execute Twofold Mana Body, he’d have to make a copy of the composite network he had created with Onefold Mana Body. It was akin to multicasting Spells.

There were only two challenges in executing the Threefold Mana Body Technique. Firstly, the user had to know how their body’s magic elements operated. Secondly, the user had to have strong Concentration and be able to multitask extremely well. Fortunately, Shi Feng’s Mana affinity was incredibly high, and his Concentration was at the Pseudo-Tier 7 standard, so he successfully executed Onefold Mana Body on his first attempt. Immediately afterward, he proceeded to Twofold Mana Body.

His first attempt failed…

His second attempt also failed…

His 89th attempt still failed…

Despite his numerous failures, Shi Feng’s efforts were not for naught, as he grew increasingly proficient in copying the composite magic element network of Onefold Mana Body.

When Shi Feng made his 90th attempt…

Success!

When Shi Feng successfully executed Twofold Mana Body, a system notification rang in his ears.

System: Congratulations! The strength of your Mana has reached the Pseudo-Tier 7 standard. All Skill and Spell Completion Rates have been permanently increased by 5%.

…