Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 389 - Legacy Book

Shi Feng needed some time to activate a Tier 2 Magic Scroll. If he were dealing with an ordinary player or Boss, this short time he needed wouldn’t be an issue.

However, against higher intelligence NPCs and expert players, this small amount of time was enough for the opponent to either dodge the Magic Scroll or take his life.

As Shi Feng unrolled the Magic Scroll, Doren Paley’s armor finished repairing itself. At this moment, the Magic Knight gazed at Shi Feng with mockery.

Lifting his silver greatsword, Doren’s legs abruptly pushed against the ground, launching himself at Shi Feng with frightening speed.

However, Shi Feng, who was in the midst of activating the Magic Scroll that contained the Flame Dragon’s Dance, could not afford to move. Otherwise, his efforts would go to waste.

“Faster!”

“Hurry up!”

At this moment, Shi Feng’s heart pounded with anxiety as he watched the slow progression of the Flame Dragon’s Dance’s activation bar.

When Doren was only a few yards from Shi Feng, he abruptly jumped into the air. Raising his greatsword above his head, he swung it down towards Shi Feng. As the weapon of mass destruction descended, deep-red flames resembling snakes emerged and coiled around the blade, the moisture in the air evaporating upon the emergence of these flames.

At the moment of Shi Feng’s imminent peril, the activation bar of the Flame Dragon’s Dance finally completed.

Suddenly, raging flames emerged from the crimson Magic Scroll, transforming into a serpentine dragon that shot towards the sky.

Doren Paley smiled disdainfully at the sight of the flame dragon baring its fangs at him. Surprisingly, the Magic Knight made no effort to dodge the incoming dragon. Instead, he tightened his grip on his greatsword and added more power into his slash.

The snake and dragon collided.

The Flame Dragon’s Dance was a Tier 2 spell, and in terms of power, it was far superior to Doren Paley’s attack. In the next moment, the flame dragon devoured the fire snake. The dragon then threw Doren, a damage surpassing -10,000 points appearing above his head.

However, 10,000 damage was merely a scratch to Doren, an NPC with 300,000 HP. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

After Doren Paley struck the ground, he stood and charged at Shi Feng once again without the slightest pause. His current performance had completely changed. Moreover, Doren’s armor wasn’t even scratched.

“What is going on?” Shi Feng frowned at the Magic Knight, confused.

The Flame Dragon’s Dance was clearly far more powerful than his Tier 1 Thunder Flame Explosion. The spell had even inflicted over 10,000 damage. Yet, not only was the NPC’s armor intact, but Doren also brimmed with fighting spirit.

Considering the situation, Shi Feng quickly came to a realization.

The cracks in Doren Paley’s armor had not been due to damage.

Watching the Magic Knight charge at him once again, Shi Feng suddenly thought of a possibility.

“Let’s hope this works.”

Shi Feng’s body was still slightly numb. Even if Doren did not activate his Frost Domain, Shi Feng could never outrun him. Shi Feng had also exhausted his arsenal of escape skills. Shi Feng then raised the Abyssal Blade and activated Earth Splitter.

When the skill had fully charged, Shi Feng swung down his viciously sharp blade.

However, Shi Feng’s target was not Doren Paley this time. It was the black stone slab beneath him.

Upon witnessing this attack, Doren’s eyes widened with shock, and his expression became extremely ugly. He suddenly increased his speed again.

However, no matter how much faster Doren became, he was not fast enough to counter Shi Feng’s attack on the stone slab.

Like a hot knife through butter, the silvery-gray Abyssal Blade sliced apart the black stone slab beneath Shi Feng’s feet. The slash also split several other stone slabs, creating a deep, long fissure.

Following which, a crack also appeared on Doren Paley’s armor.

“Bingo!”

Shi Feng inwardly rejoiced. If he attacked and damaged the black stone slabs under his feet, he could force Doren Paley to halt his assault momentarily. He could then activate Tier 2 Magic Scrolls without worry.

“Despicable challenger!” Doren Paley was no longer as carefree as before. With bloodshot eyes, he glared at Shi Feng and bellowed, “Your corpse will decorate this ground for eternity!”

Although larger cracks began to appear on Doren Paley’s armor, the Magic Knight showed no signs of stopping. Instead, he charged up to Shi Feng and swung down his greatsword.

Flame Cross Slash!

Before Shi Feng could grasp the situation, he instinctively used Parry to defend himself.

Peng!

Shi Feng retreated four steps before he managed to stabilize his body.

Although Shi Feng had been forced back and had to use his lifesaving skill, Parry, he revealed a joyous smile on his face.

Originally, even if he negated the damage from Doren’s attack, the impact would have sent him flying back over a dozen yards. Now, although his hands were slightly numb, he had only been forced to take four steps backward.

This showed that Doren Paley’s strength had greatly weakened.

Indeed, just as Shi Feng had guessed, damaging the black stone slabs would weaken his adversary. Previously, Doren had not immediately dashed forward and attacked Shi Feng because he was worried that Shi Feng would discover this secret. Hence, he decided to hold back and allow his armor to repair itself.

However, the display of his armor’s recovery had been another facade. In reality, Doren had tried to hide the black stone slabs’ recovery. Previously, Doren’s position had just so happened to block Shi Feng’s vision, preventing Shi Feng from seeing the damaged stone slabs behind him.

As to why Doren had launched himself up to attack Shi Feng the second time, it was to prevent the Flame Dragon’s Dance from damaging the black stone slabs once more.

Unfortunately, Doren’s attempt at repeatedly disguising this fact could not escape Shi Feng’s beast-like insight.

Naturally, after Doren Paley realized that his secret had been exposed, he no longer attempted to hide it. Instead, he began a vicious assault on Shi Feng, hoping to annihilate his opponent sooner.

However, a known secret was no longer a secret. Now that Shi Feng knew Doren Paley’s weakness, he activated Defensive Blade and used Thundering Flash on the stone beneath them.

Streaks of blue lightning shot out from the Abyssal Blade. In the next moment, the lightning transformed into hungry wolves that dove into the black stone slabs, charring them.

“Die!”

Doren Paley’s rage flared as he swung his greatsword at Shi Feng desperately. However, Defensive Blade deflected every slash. Most importantly, with each consecutive slash, Doren’s attacks grew weaker.

When Defensive Blade was almost exhausted, Shi Feng switched out the Aura of Wind on the Seven Luminaries Ring for the Aura of Water.

[Aura of Water]

Received healing increased by 60%.

Cast Consumption reduced by 30%.

Activatable Skill-

Life Bloom: Heals selected target for 20% HP every second for 40 seconds.

Cooldown: 1 minute 30 seconds

Currently, Shi Feng had less than 1,100 HP. Even if Doren Paley had grown weaker, Shi Feng would still not survive more than a few hits from the Magic Knight. Hence, he cast Life Bloom on himself.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng recovered more than 1,000 HP. For the next 40 seconds, he would also receive over 1,000 HP every second.

Following which, Shi Feng began to confront Doren head-on.

While defending against Doren Paley’s attacks, Shi Feng also made sure to attack the black stone under his feet.

Shi Feng could not help but admit that Doren Paley was indeed very powerful. Despite losing so much of his strength, the NPC could still inflict over -1,500 with Flame Cross Slash. Fortunately, Flame Cross Slash had a long Cooldown. By the time Doren could use the skill again, Shi Feng’s HP would have long since fully recovered.

During Life Bloom’s 40 second duration, Shi Feng had destroyed over half of the stone slabs of the platform.

Meanwhile, not only had Doren Paley’s Strength sharply decreased, but his speed had also fallen by quite a bit. Shi Feng now had a much easier time facing the NPC.

Occasionally, Shi Feng also used Phantom Kill, allowing his doppelganger to pin down Doren while he used a Tier 2 Magic Scroll from the side to destroy the black stone slabs. Unfortunately, although this infuriated Doren Paley, he could do nothing to stop Shi Feng.

As soon as Shi Feng had shattered all of the stone slabs on the combat platform and was about to focus his attacks on Doren Paley...

Suddenly, Doren Paley’s armor shattered, the metal shards scattering across the ground. Doren Paley then gripped his head with both his hands and let out an agonized scream that echoed throughout the Sword Peak Mountain.

In the next moment, Doren Paley’s full HP bar emptied, his body transforming into particles of light and vanishing.

Four items dropped to the ground in place of Doren’s body. There was a pitch-black key with a faint blue glow, a silver stone tablet, and the final Legacy Chapter and Broken Steel Forging Design Fragment.

Before Shi Feng could pick up the drops, all of the Legacy Chapters he possessed flew from his bag and combined with the Legacy Chapter Doren had dropped, forming a thick and heavy ancient book. Golden divine runes decorated its cover. If translated to the language of players, these divine runes would read as “Legacy Book.”