Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3884 - 958 - Skill Completion Rate 126%

[Absolute Thunder]
Requires: Sword
Pseudo-Tier 7 Skill
Allows the user to execute three slashes. Each slash triples the user’s Strength and speed.
Cooldown: 30 seconds

After receiving a complete demonstration of Absolute Thunder in his mind, Shi Feng couldn’t help but notice a resemblance to the Goddess of Space’s combat technique that Gentle Snow had learned. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say it was an exact replica. Only, Adegas’s Absolute Thunder came in the form of a Skill.

Regarding the Skill itself, it allowed the user to meld three slashes into one, each slash carrying the power of lightning. When the three slashes merged, they would become unstoppable and could bisect an entire continent. The power Absolute Thunder allowed its user to exhibit was far beyond that of Tier 6 Taboo Skills.

“Merge!”

Shi Feng executed three slashes at a single point. Even though the surrounding space had been compressed to the extreme, he still managed to create a hundred-meter-long lightning dragon that struck the fivefold barrier, causing it to tremble slightly.

This scene drew the attention of those around him, and everyone couldn’t help but stare at him in astonishment.

“Why is his attack so powerful?”

“I’m also a Swordsman, so why do I produce only three small lightning arcs when I execute Absolute Thunder?”

“Could he have exceeded 100%?”

Everyone found the power of Shi Feng’s attack unbelievable. It was especially so for Snow Wolf, who had already attempted the Pseudo-Tier 7 Skill he was granted.

He can’t even accomplish Manifold Execution yet, so how is he progressing faster than me? As Snow Wolf stared at Shi Feng, he couldn’t help but suspect what Shi Feng had learned wasn’t a Pseudo-Tier 7 but something easier. Otherwise, how could the other party have achieved a higher Skill Completion Rate than him on the first attempt?

Most of those present might despair in this situation, but Snow Wolf regarded it as a massive opportunity. After all, this was a chance to learn a Pseudo-Tier 7 Skill, something many of the Hundred Race Battlefield’s monstrously talented experts could only wish to obtain. Now that this opportunity had appeared before him, how could he possibly let it slip by?

As for why Snow Wolf felt he could secure this opportunity, it was because he, as a sixth-floor expert, could perform Manifold Execution.

The ability to perform Manifold Execution was the primary factor that set sixth-floor experts apart from fifth-floor experts. Among the benefits of Manifold Execution was improved learning efficiency. For sixth-floor experts, practicing a technique once was akin to practicing it a hundred times. This was also why Snow Wolf felt he had a chance to complete Adegas’s challenge.

While Snow Wolf was confused by Shi Feng’s performance, a system notification rang in Shi Feng’s ears.

System: Absolute Thunder activated successfully. Skill Completion Rate 106%. You have exceeded the first threshold.

Sure enough! Excitement colored Shi Feng’s slightly pale complexion when he saw the system notification.

Mana was the driving force behind Skills and Spells in God’s Domain. Due to the complexity of Tier 6 Skills, the average fifth-floor expert would be fortunate to execute a Tier 6 Skill at a 100% Completion Rate. Most of the time, they would be stuck at around 90%. There were two reasons for this. Firstly, Tier 6 Skills and Spells required very complex mana control, far beyond anything required to use Tier 5 Skills and Spells. Secondly, it was because the strength of their mana was lacking.

As the tier of Skills and Spells increased, so would their mana cost. The mana cost of Tier 6 Skills and Spells was horrendously high; most players couldn’t use Tier 6 Skills and Spells with only their own mana. More often than not, they had to rely on external mana. It was also why they could not achieve high Completion Rates with Tier 6 Skills and Spells. After all, external mana could not be controlled as easily as one’s own mana. Hence, Skills and Spells executed with the help of external mana could not have high Completion Rates.

However, so long as players could meet the mana cost of their Tier 6 Skills and Spells, they could drastically increase their Skill and Spell Completion Rates.

This was where the Threefold Mana Body Technique came into play. When executed, the Mana Technique could qualitatively improve the user’s mana by compressing it. This, in turn, increased the quantity of mana the user could store in their body, thus making it easier for them to use Tier 6, and possibly even Pseudo-Tier 7, Skills and Spells that were incredibly taxing on mana.

In Shi Feng’s case, because his mana strength could reach the Pseudo-Tier 7 standard when he executed Twofold Mana Body, he also enjoyed a flat 5% Completion Rate bonus to all his Skills and Spells. In other words, he could exceed the 120% threshold with his Skills and Spells much more easily than other players. He simply needed to achieve a 116% Completion Rate, while others needed to achieve a 121% Completion Rate.

When Shi Feng saw that Absolute Thunder had come off Cooldown, he promptly executed it again with the Shadow Incinerator.

System: Absolute Thunder Skill Completion Rate 104%.

I was too impatient this time. I executed the first slash too quickly, causing the second and third slashes to fall behind. 

Shi Feng promptly understood what had gone wrong as he looked at his reduced Completion Rate.

Subsequently, he made his third, fourth, and fifth attempts…

System: Absolute Thunder Skill Completion Rate 113%.

System: Absolute Thunder Skill Completion Rate 115%.

System: Absolute Thunder Skill Completion Rate 109%.

System: Absolute Thunder Skill Completion Rate 117%.

A day passed by in the blink of an eye, with Shi Feng executing Absolute Thunder countless times. After his initial attempts, he had achieved a 107% Completion Rate at his worst and a 120% Completion Rate at his best, and his results stabilized at 115% and above. However, no matter what he tried, he could never exceed the 120% threshold.

As Shi Feng sat and tried to figure out what had gone wrong, a stone sword smashed into the fivefold magic barrier, making it shudder. The impact also threw the energies within the barrier into such chaos that everyone had difficulty keeping their body steady.

“Good! I’m finally at 120%! Just one last step to go!” Snow Wolf exclaimed as he looked at the unstable barrier.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Sure enough, he truly is a monster. Shi Feng couldn’t help but look at Snow Wolf in admiration.

In just a day, Snow Wolf had practiced a Pseudo-Tier 7 Skill to a 120% Completion Rate. Even Lunar River, who was already an Overlimit expert, would have difficulties accomplishing such a feat. Although Shi Feng could similarly achieve a 120% Skill Completion Rate with Absolute Thunder, that was because he had a flat 5% bonus. Without it, he could only achieve a 115% Skill Completion Rate, a far cry from Snow Wolf’s achievement.

But how can the energy fluctuations he caused be so powerful? Even if he draws all the energies inside the barrier, it shouldn’t be enough to let him create such a violent energy shockwave. As Shi Feng scrutinized the chaotic energies around him, realization suddenly dawned upon him.

Shi Feng stood up and drew the Shadow Incinerator. However, he did not rush to execute Absolute Thunder. Instead, he continuously compressed the mana around him and gradually expanded the compression area until he reached the limits of his control.

Now!

Shi Feng’s eyes snapped open. Then, he repeated the three slashes he had executed countless times in the past day.

Suddenly, a lightning arc stretched into the sky, piercing the fivefold barrier like a hot knife through butter. Furthermore, the lightning arc did not weaken even after piercing the barrier, streaking tens of thousands of yards away like a shooting star crossing the sky.

System: Absolute Thunder activated successfully. Skill Completion Rate 126%. You have exceeded the second threshold.

…