Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 961 – Alchemy Door

Why is there a second floor?

The appearance of a staircase beneath Firmament stunned Shi Feng.

As far as he could recall, the Sun Dynasty had never gained access to the tower’s second floor. Even after developing the primordial civilization city into one of its crucial bases, the Sun Dynasty still only had access to the tower’s uppermost floor. There had also never been any hints that players could access anything besides the uppermost floor. This led to everyone assuming that the sunken parts of the tower were only for decoration.

Before Shi Feng could figure out what was happening, a system notification rang in his ears.

System: Congratulations! You have defeated Adegas within two days. You have received the primordial civilization city’s Level 2 Authority. You now have control over the first two floors of the Philosopher’s Tower.

Level 2 Authority? Shi Feng grew ecstatic when he saw the system notification.

Players wouldn’t get full access to a lost civilization city’s many Legacies immediately after capturing it. Under normal circumstances, they would be granted Basic Authority, which provided access to only the city’s basic functions and Legacies. To access more functions and Legacies, they’d have to develop the city to a certain degree and gain Level 1 Authority, Level 2 Authority, or higher.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, despite the various powers’ efforts to develop their lost civilization cities, only three powers had achieved Level 2 Authority in their cities. One of these powers was the Seven Luminaries Alliance, and it was precisely because of this Level 2 Authority that human players managed to retain some living space in the Eternal Realm. Otherwise, human players would never have had enough strength to survive in the Eternal Realm.

Now that Shi Feng had obtained this primordial civilization city’s Level 2 Authority simply by defeating Adegas, how could he not be excited?

With Level 2 Authority, he could access more of the primordial civilization city’s Legacies. He could also access the city’s advanced functions, such as the Teleportation Tower.

In the Eternal Realm, players typically had to rely on Flying Mounts to travel long distances, as few NPC Fortresses and Cities offered teleportation services. Additionally, the few NPC Fortresses and Cities that did offer such services charged an exorbitant price that the average player could not afford. As for Guild Towns and Cities, only Guilds with Guild Residences in them could access them via teleportation.

However, the Teleportation Tower function of lost civilization cities could change this situation. Upon unlocking this function, players could establish Teleportation Towers in up to five Guild Towns or Cities and enable teleportation between them. This could help to strengthen a Guild’s control over its Guild Towns and Cities and attract more independent players to develop in these places, drastically accelerating its development in the Eternal Realm. This function was something the present Zero Wing desperately needed. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

After a moment of delight, Shi Feng turned his attention to the Philosopher’s Tower’s second floor. Although it was great news that he now had Level 2 Authority in the primordial civilization city, advanced functions such as the Teleportation Tower could only be considered a small bonus compared to the city’s Legacies.

Shi Feng immediately stored the Inferior Legendary Siege Weapon Firmament in his bag and made his way to the second floor.

The Philosopher’s Tower’s second floor was much smaller than the uppermost floor, only the size of a stadium. Large bookshelves decorated the space, and suspended in the middle of this space was a crimson crystalline door. Divine runes faded in and out of existence around the crimson door at every moment, giving the impression that the door was alive and breathing. The door also exuded Divine Might comparable to that of Ancient Gods, making it impossible for the average Tier 6 player to approach it.

It’s the Alchemy Door of legend? Shi Feng gasped when he finished appraising the door.

[Alchemy Door] (Godly Relic)

The Alchemy Door is the greatest creation created by the First-Generation Philosopher after gathering the help of several Primordial Gods. Spend 1,000 God Crystals to activate the Alchemy Door and grant one Alchemist one Alchemy Recipe. The granted recipe can only be up to one rank higher than the target Alchemist.

Cooldown: 60 natural days

The Alchemy Door was regarded as a legend by all alchemist players in the human race’s Greater God’s Domain. Very little information was available on it, even in the Grand Library. According to legends, the Alchemy Door held all the alchemy recipes created since the birth of God’s Domain, and anyone who controlled the Alchemy Door would have a direct pass to becoming a Divine Craftsman-ranked Alchemist.

No alchemist player had ever achieved the rank of Divine Craftsman in Shi Feng’s previous life. According to records, only the First-Generation Philosopher had managed to achieve the Divine Craftsman rank. Subsequent Philosophers only managed to achieve the High Craftsman rank at best.

No wonder the Alchemy Door is considered a direct pass to the Divine Craftsman rank for alchemists. Its ability is simply unbelievable. Its only flaw is its exorbitant cost. Shi Feng was astonished when he read the description of the Alchemy Door.

Once alchemists reached the Master rank, they needed to obtain a significant amount of proficiency points and practice an alchemy recipe of a higher rank to get promoted. However, high-ranking alchemy recipes were incredibly hard to obtain in God’s Domain. An alchemy recipe at the Great Grandmaster rank was worth as much as one Divine Artifact. Under normal circumstances, nobody would share their high-ranking alchemy recipes.

If alchemist players wanted to get promoted from a Great Grandmaster to a Craftsman, they’d need to develop a Craftsman-ranked Alchemy Recipe. However, it was difficult to obtain Craftsman-ranked Alchemy Recipes to use as reference, as they were rarer than Divine Artifacts. Even the various apex powers did not have more than a handful of such recipes. Moreover, these recipes were of utmost importance to the various apex powers due to the heaven-defying and life-changing effects of Craftsman Potions. In Shi Feng’s previous life, even sixth-floor experts greatly desired Craftsman Potions.

Thus, if alchemist players had access to the Alchemy Door, they’d undoubtedly have a much easier time getting promoted. The only problem was that God Crystals were as rare as Fragmented Legendary items in God’s Domain. They were also one of the main materials needed to repair Fragmented Legendary items. Thus, the various powers regarded God Crystals as a strategic resource.

Normally, only a dozen or so God Crystals were required to repair a Fragmented Legendary item. Yet, the Alchemy Door required 1,000 God Crystals per recipe. This was enough God Crystals to turn nearly a hundred Fragmented Legendary items into Legendary items. This was by no means cheap.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng decided to have Silent Wonder be the first to use the Alchemy Door.

Silent Wonder had long since accumulated the proficiency needed to become a Craftsman Alchemist. She simply lacked a Craftsman-ranked Alchemy Recipe to study and practice. If she could get her hands on a Craftsman-ranked Alchemy Recipe, she would have a great chance of immediately becoming a Craftsman Alchemist.

For the current Zero Wing, the usefulness of a Craftsman Alchemist surpassed even that of a sixth-floor expert.

It’s time I returned. The war among the three races should have started long ago.

After storing the Alchemy Door, Shi Feng spent 300,000 Eternal Gold to repair the primordial civilization city. Then, he activated a Guild Transfer Scroll and disappeared from the Philosopher’s Tower.

…

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!