Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 390 - Secret Sword Technique

Shi Feng sighed in relief when he saw the dazzling golden Book of Legacies.

“With this, the trial should be over, right?” Shi Feng picked up the drops before walking towards the hovering golden book before him.

He then clicked on the Book of Legacies, checking its information.

System: Completion Rate 70%. Do you wish to open the Book of Legacies and accept the Legacy within?

“What? Only 70%?” Shi Feng was surprised. Taking another look, he was sure his eyes were not playing tricks on him. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

After defeating a Tier 1 Magic Knight like Doren Paley, which was no easy feat, he had only completed 70% of the trial...

Legacies in God’s Domain were categorized into different ranks. Similarly, there were differences within each rank, and these differences were based on the Completion Rate of the Legacy Trial.

Completion Rates between 51%~60% would be given a C-rank evaluation. At C-rank, players would obtain the basic skills of the Legacy.

Completion Rates between 61%~70% would be given a B-rank evaluation. At B-rank, players would obtain the basic skills of the Legacy in addition to 1~3 Legacy Skill Points.

Completion Rates between 71%~80% would be given an A-rank evaluation. At A-rank, players would obtain the basic skills of the Legacy in addition to 5~9 Legacy Skill Points.

Completion Rates between 81%~90% would be given an S-rank evaluation. At S-rank, players would obtain the basic skills of the Legacy in addition to 10~18 Legacy Skill Points.

Completion Rates between 91%~100% would be given an SS-rank evaluation. At SS-rank, players would obtain the basic skills of the Legacy in addition to 20~36 Legacy Skill Points.

Legacy Skill Points would unlock the Class Skills in the Legacy Book. Moreover, the more powerful a Class Skill was, the more Legacy Skill Points would be required to unlock it.

The number of powerful skills a player possessed was important in determining their combat power. It was especially true for powerful Class Skills.

Hence, Legacy Skill Points were extremely important.

However, it was not easy to obtain Legacy Skill Points. After obtaining the Legacy Book, aside from receiving 1 Legacy Skill Point every three levels, players could only obtain more points by completing special quests and challenges. In general, Legacy Skill Points were an extremely rare commodity.

Right now, Shi Feng’s Completion Rate would only give him a B-rank evaluation, and he would, at most, receive 3 Legacy Skill Points. This was unacceptable.

He had only obtained one of the Ten Great Saint Legacies after much difficulty, so why would he be satisfied with just 3 Legacy Skill Points? Moreover, he only needed 1% more to boost his evaluation up to A-rank and receive a minimum of 5 Legacy Skill Points. He would need to level up six times to bridge this small gap.

“Is it because I killed Doren Paley by exploiting his weakness?” Shi Feng silently pondered his situation as he rejected the offer to open the Legacy Book.

Based on Shi Feng’s recollection, one needed to complete certain tasks in order to increase the Legacy Trial’s Completion Rate. However, since arriving at the Origin Sword Domain four days ago, Shi Feng had constantly observed and searched for anything special in the realm. He had done so precisely because he wanted to avoid missing anything, resulting in a low Completion Rate.

Yet, after four days of careful observation, Shi Feng had not discovered anything special. He had the same results after he explored the entire mountain.

“Just what did I miss?”

Shi Feng thought that he had performed perfectly in this Legacy Trial, and he should not have missed anything suspicious. He had even completed the Broken Steel Forging Design. As for the Skeleton Warriors, Skeleton Giants, and Blade Demons below the mountain, they would respawn indefinitely. It was not possible to eradicate them.

“Does it have something to do with these items?”

Shi Feng stored the Legacy Book before retrieving the pitch-black, sword-shaped key and the silver tablet.

[Doren’s Key]

This is a strange key. It exudes a faint trace of ancient magic.

[Secret Sword Technique]

The pattern engraved on this tablet is too vague and incomplete, and no information can be obtained from this pattern. However, some kind of divine power hides within this pattern. If one gathers all of the stone tablets, this vague and incomplete pattern can be restored.

Current tablet count (1/6)

This was the first time Shi Feng had seen or heard of an item like this Secret Sword Technique. However, judging from its description, it should not be related to the Legacy Trial. After all, six tablets were required to restore it, and no matter how he thought about it, there should not be any more enemies as strong as Doren Paley.

Hence, Doren’s Key was the only possibility.

As the final Boss of Sword Peak Mountain, his key would have something to do with the Sword Peak Mountain itself.

“Since there’s a key, there must be a lock here somewhere.”

Shi Feng put away the key and tablet and began to explore every inch of the mountain carefully.

---

While Shi Feng was in the Origin Sword Domain, Star-Moon Kingdom had undergone many changes.

The large-scale Dungeons of the various cities in Star-Moon Kingdom had been conquered, one after another, generating one system announcement after another.

Moreover, due to Zero Wing’s incitement, the various Guilds throughout Star-Moon Kingdom had also rushed to earn Reputation, hoping to obtain their own Guild Residence.

When Zero Wing had publicized its Guild Residence, Overwhelming Smile spent an astronomical sum of money to poach Zero Wing’s members. However, despite this being a significant blow, Zero Wing had not stopped developing. On the contrary, they grew stronger with each passing day. Now, Zero Wing’s member count approached 20,000.

Moreover, Zero Wing’s members sported high levels.

Currently, most average players in White River City were only Level 18 or 19, while elite players of Guilds were around Level 21. Meanwhile, Zero Wing’s ordinary members were Level 20, while its elite members were all Level 22 or above.

Although there was only a difference of one level between the elite members of Zero Wing and the other Guilds, the necessary EXP to surmount this gap was intimidating.

The majority of the NPC-commissioned Guild Quests found inside the Guild Residence were high-level quests. Not only did these quests reward a ton of EXP, but the item rewards were also impressive. Most importantly, the monetary rewards of these Guild Quests were much higher than the Guild Quests available at the Adventurer’s Association. As a result, the income of Zero Wing’s members was at least twice as much as players of other Guilds.

This was also why Overwhelming Smile’s high-priced poaching could not defeat Zero Wing.

“Snow, are you really planning to do this?” the Flame Witch, Zhao Yueru, asked worriedly.

“This isn’t what I want, either. However, I have to take this risk. Otherwise, you, too, know how things will end,” Gentle Snow said, frowning as she quietly read the report she had just received.

“But...” Zhao Yueru wanted to persuade her friend but soon shut her mouth, holding back her protests. She knew that, no matter what happened, there would be a battle in the end. Only, this final battle had arrived too early, catching them unprepared. “Snow, you’ve read the latest report. With our strength, we are no match for them.”

“Rest assured; I would not take such a risk if I were not certain.” Gentle Snow smiled faintly as she recalled Ye Feng’s figure.

Zhao Yueru was surprised by Gentle Snow’s expression. Facing such a desperate situation, she never thought Gentle Snow could still smile with such confidence.

---

Meanwhile, back on Sword Peak Mountain, after spending most of the day searching, Shi Feng finally discovered a pool on the mountainside.

This place is somewhat suspicious.

Slowly, Shi Feng walked towards the pool of water. Dipping his hand into the pool, Shi Feng immediately realized that ice had formed over his hand, freezing it solid. The water inside this pool was icy. If he dove into this water, he would freeze to death.