Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 391 - Underwater Mysteries

“This pool of water seems interesting. Not only is the water so cold, but it is also light as air, weightless. Moreover, even with 60 points in Ice Resistance, it still freezes my hand,” Shi Feng muttered, shocked as he examined his frozen hand. “Just what is this water?”

With 60 points in Ice Resistance, players could withstand most cold environments in God’s Domain.

However, Shi Feng’s Resistance was useless against this water. It was astounding.

Following which, Shi Feng took Doren’s Key from his bag, hoping the key would trigger some sort of reaction.

However, despite making a full circle around the pool while holding the key, nothing happened. He did not discover any kind of lock, either.

“Is it inside the pool?” Shi Feng was fairly confident that was the case.

According to the statistics collected on God’s Domain in the past, most chance encounters and treasures were normally found in treacherous lands. Only a few treasures and encounters occupied safe areas, and these normally required players to possess sufficient status or luck.

As for the so-called treacherous lands, players also knew them as forbidden lands. Unless players had ways of dealing with the threats, their deaths were all but guaranteed upon entering these forbidden lands.

Meanwhile, the small pool before Shi Feng was clearly one such forbidden land. If he entered the pool without a plan, he would freeze to death.

If not for his 60 points of Ice Resistance, he would have received a large amount of frost damage the moment he came into contact with the water. He might have even frozen to death instantaneously. Furthermore, even though it was only his hand that had frozen, it still took over a dozen seconds before it thawed completely.

If Shi Feng jumped into the water, although he might not receive any damage due to his Ice Resistance, the water would still freeze his body. With how light the water was, he would surely sink to the bottom of the pool once the ice encased him. In the end, he would still drown...

“What should I do now?” Shi Feng gazed at the cold water and meditated quietly. “It would be great if I could increase my Magic Resistance.”

It had never been easy for players to raise their Magic Resistance. It was also impossible for players to come into possession of equipment that could raise Magic Resistance at this stage of the game. Even if they had such equipment, the effects would be minimal. Shi Feng only managed to accumulate 60 points in Ice Resistance due to the Ice-Blue Devil Flame and the Golden Stigmata. For ordinary players, they’d be lucky if they had 10 points of Ice Resistance at this stage of the game.

Of course, the quickest way to raise one’s Magic Resistance was to consume a Magic Resistance Potion. Even a Basic Magic Resistance Potion could raise one’s Magic Resistance significantly. If Shi Feng could consume an Intermediate Magic Resistance Potion, adding that to his own Magic Resistance, he might be able to cope with the frosty water.

However, Shi Feng did not have any Magic Resistance Potions on him at the moment.

The recipe for Basic Magic Resistance Potions only dropped in Level 20 maps and above. Meanwhile, the recipe for Intermediate Magic Resistance Potions only dropped in Level 40 maps and above.

Obviously, Shi Feng could not obtain any of these recipes right now, not to mention the recipe for the specialized Ice Resistance Potion.

However, if he could not enter the pool, how was he supposed to obtain the remaining 30% Completion Rate?

If he entered the pool, he would become an ice sculpture. Unless he could get his hands on an Ice Resistance Potion, he had no way to combat the powerful cold within the pool.

“This freezing effect is truly troublesome. I wonder if Fantasy World’s magic damage immunity will work?” Shi Feng touched the water and allowed his hand to freeze once again. He then tried the activatable skill of the Aura of Illusion, Fantasy World.

However, even after activating Fantasy World, the Freezing effect had not dispelled.

“If Aura of Illusion won’t do, what about Aura of Space?”

Unwilling to give up, Shi Feng waited for another minute before switching to the Aura of Space and submerging his hand into the pool water once again.

This time, a miracle actually happened. Although Shi Feng could still feel an unbearable, biting cold, his hand did not turn into a solid block of ice. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

“As expected, heaven will always leave a door open.”

As long as he dealt with the pool’s effect, which bound his movements, he would have an easier time dealing with the water. So what if he had to endure a little cold? Shi Feng was confident that he could tolerate it.

Following which, Shi Feng activated Phantom Kill and had his doppelganger remain by the poolside as insurance. Within 40 seconds, if his life were threatened, he could immediately swap positions with his doppelganger.

Shi Feng then dove into the pool, creating a loud splash.

As the water was extremely light, Shi Feng managed to sink quickly with little effort. Moreover, the deeper he sunk, the darker it became. Soon, darkness devoured Shi Feng’s surroundings. It was as if he had fallen into a bottomless pit.

Currently, Shi Feng felt as if he had suddenly been thrown into the arctic north, naked. The slightest movement stung painfully inside this chilling water. If any normal person were in his place, they would have definitely screamed in pain. However, from beginning to end, Shi Feng only gritted his teeth and remained silent.

As Shi Feng sunk deeper into the pool, the stinging sensation became more intense. At this moment, even someone with a strong will, such as Shi Feng, could no longer cope with the pain. His complexion had paled, and his eyes were bloodshot. The pain was so unbearable that he could not even scream if he wanted to.

Why haven’t I reached the bottom yet? Shi Feng’s anxiety grew as he looked at the time. Ten seconds had passed since he jumped into the water. Although he had not received any actual damage thus far, the pain took a huge toll on his mental strength.

He had greatly underestimated this water. He did not think that the water below would become so cold.

Shi Feng was already approaching his limit after spending ten seconds in this pool.

He was also surrounded by darkness, so he could not see anything below or around him. Struggling, Shi Feng activated Ice-Blue Devil Flame. Even while underwater, the Ice-Blue Devil Flame burned brilliantly as it wrapped around Shi Feng’s body, causing the temperature of the surrounding water to rise rapidly. The light from the flames also illuminated Shi Feng’s surroundings.

Shi Feng breathed a sigh of relief at the effects of the Ice-Blue Devil Flame. The rise in temperature allowed him to recover from the cold and pain, and the chill was just barely tolerable.

As Shi Feng observed his surroundings, he suddenly discovered that the pool of water was much larger than he had imagined. Previously, he could not see anything due to the darkness. Now that he had the Ice-Blue Devil Flame, he could see everything clearly.

How was this a pool? There was actually a courtyard beneath him!

Hence, Shi Feng started swimming downward, hastening his descent.

The courtyard at the bottom of the pool looked ancient. Its architectural style was completely different from the buildings he had seen in the current God’s Domain. It looked like the Elysium spoken of in legends. It was fascinating.

Although this place was very beautiful, Shi Feng could sense great danger. Moreover, whether it was in this life or his previous life, this was the strongest sense of danger he had ever felt.

System: You have discovered the Eternal Courtyard.

That should be the place. Shi Feng swam towards the spiral building with a shut gate that he had seen from the courtyard.

Even the Stargazing Tower paled in comparison to this beautiful and mystical place. If not for the danger Shi Feng felt, he would have stopped and admired the scenery.

The tightly shut gate was made of gold, and many drawings had been engraved on it. These drawings seemed related to the destruction of the Ancient Gods. Shi Feng had even discovered the image of an Ancient God that he knew of, the Twilight Goddess.

Some sort of power protected the golden gate, and it was impossible to destroy it with external forces. Currently, Shi Feng was not of the mind to study the images as he had discovered a keyhole on the gate. Meanwhile, this keyhole was centered in an image of the sun. Shi Feng then took out Doren’s Key and inserted it into the keyhole, twisting it gently.