Chapter 415 - Sword Practice

“Sure enough, what will come, has come.”

Shi Feng silently examined the system map of the White Fog Canyon. He was not the slightest bit surprised by the Battle Monkeys’ pincer attack, smiling brightly.

The White Fog Canyon was like a Dungeon. There was a proper strategy to raid it.

Shi Feng had been able to lead his party around the canyon freely with what knowledge he had in his previous life. With the experience he had accumulated, leading his current party would be a breeze.

Compared to the past, the current White Fog Canyon was practically child’s play.

Back then, not only had Shi Feng’s party been required to deal with the Battle Monkeys, but they also had to deal with the sneak attacks and plundering of other players. This was especially the case when they faced the high-handed interception of the major Guilds. These opponents were far more difficult to deal with than the Battle Monkeys.

Currently, other than Shi Feng, nobody else in White River City knew that the Starfire Ore was the most valuable item in White Fog Canyon. Hence, this was the perfect chance for Shi Feng to make a fortune. Nobody would bother mining the Starfire Ore, so his chances of encounter competition were nil. All of the Starfire Ore throughout the White Fog Canyon was free for Shi Feng’s taking.

If this were in the past, he would only have encountered such an opportunity in his dreams.

“Everyone, run towards the narrow gorge ahead,” Shi Feng commanded through the team chat. “Cola, your MT group will be responsible for blocking the entrance of the gorge. The other MTs, get ready to replace them at any given moment.”

Shi Feng had already considered every situation they could possibly encounter on their way here.

Shi Feng also knew the topography of the White Fog Canyon like the back of his hand.

A moment later, Zero Wing’s team of 500 entered the gorge. Meanwhile, the Guardian Knight Cola, along with fourteen other MTs, walled off the entrance into White Fog Canyon’s inner region. Anyone or anything that wanted through would have to break through these fifteen MTs first.

At first, the Zero Wing members still worried about the army of Battle Monkeys. However, after seeing Shi Feng maneuver his troops, they sighed with relief. They had never expected that this canyon would contain such strategic terrain.

In such a narrow area, the Battle Monkeys could not take advantage of their numbers. Moreover, with this setup, they did not have to worry about a pincer attack; they only needed to focus on a single location.

Shortly after everyone prepared their defenses, the first wave of close to 300 Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys slammed into their MT wall. Like the cavalry charge on ancient battlefields, the enemy stampede shook even the land. The sound of the Monkeys’ bloodthirsty roars that echoed throughout the gorge sent tremors through everyone’s hearts.

Despite having already experienced over a dozen battles, Zero Wing’s elites still panicked.

Compared to the previous battles, this was on an entirely different level. The Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys appeared to be more organized than the foes they had faced before. These Battle Monkeys also seemed much fiercer, resembling the Battle Monkeys they had seen back at the entrance of the White Fog Canyon.

“Guild Leader, these Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys look strange. I feel that not only have they become more organized, but they are also stronger than before.” Aqua Rose frowned slightly. Inwardly, she worried that Cola and the others might not be able to hold off this wave of monsters.

“Of course. The Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys we fought before were merely washouts. Meanwhile, the ones we are about to face right now are the victors, so, naturally, they are much stronger,” Shi Feng explained as he nodded. “Moreover, these Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys have a warchief at their backs. Look over there.”

As he said so, Shi Feng pointed towards a large tree outside of the gorge. Standing in the large tree was a slightly smaller Battle Monkey covered in fine black leather armor.

[Battle Monkey Warchief] (Chieftain Rank)

Level 25

HP 140,000/140,000

The Battle Monkey Warchief possessed the Warchief’s Aura, increasing the Attributes of the surrounding Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys by 10%. An ordinary MT simply could not withstand the attacks from these Elite ranked Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys. It was simply impossible for a Tier 0 MT around Level 21 to survive. Hence, the various Guilds had been massacred upon meeting such monster armies.

Watching the Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys charge towards them, Shi Feng hurriedly said, “All Clerics, cast Sacred Shields on the MTs! Oracles, use Prayer Barrier! Cola, activate Guardian Aura!”

Immediately, the Guardian Knights and Shield Warriors on the frontline each received a Sacred Shield from the Clerics, the shield being capable of absorbing a large amount of damage. In addition, there were also Prayer Barriers cast in front of them. These barriers could similarly absorb a certain amount of damage from the front. Finally, Cola’s Guardian Aura increased everyone’s Defense. Faced with the physical attacks of the Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys, the Guardian Aura would be particularly beneficial.

Zero Wing’s member’s levels were, on average, higher than those in other Guilds. For this operation, the Guardian Knights and Shield Warriors dispatched were all Level 22 and above, and each one had at least 4,300 HP. Among them, Cola, who was a Level 23 Tier 1 Guardian Knight, possessed over 5,300 HP. There was also Ye Wumian, a Level 22 Tier 1 Shield Warrior with over 4,900 HP.

Just as the wave of Battle Monkeys arrived before Cola and the others, Cola suddenly shouted, “Aegis Protection!”

In the blink of an eye, a faint golden glow covered every MT.

[Aegis Protection]

Tier 1

Reduces damage taken for all allies within a 30-yard radius by 30% for 12 seconds.

Cooldown: 1 minute 30 seconds

Simultaneously, everyone readied their shields to defend against the Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys’ attacks.

Bang... Bang... Bang...

The instant both sides collided, the Prayer Barrier shattered. Only the Sacred Shields still barely supported the MTs. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

However, the Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys’ charge was overwhelming. Cola and the others were forced to retreat several steps before they could stabilize themselves.

In the next moment, the Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys, which had stopped their charge, brandished their swords and sabers at the MTs. Their Attack Speeds were incredible, preventing the players from catching their breaths. Some of the MTs had been too late in defending against the oncoming attacks, their Sacred Shields shattering and receiving -200 damage.

Without the protection of the Sacred Shields, the MTs received around -800 damage every time the Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys struck them, and this was after the 30% damage reduction of Aegis Protection. Only Cola and Ye Wumian received damage below -500 points. If the MTs did not block the majority of the attacks with their shields, the healers would struggle to keep up with the incoming damage.

“I’ll leave this to you all. Fire Dance and Flying Shadow, you two cover my six while I deal with that Warchief,” after issuing the command, Shi Feng activated the Aura of Wind of the Seven Luminaries Ring. He then activated Wind Rider and flew towards the Battle Monkey Warchief.

When one met a Battle Monkey army in the White Fog Canyon, they first needed to exterminate the Battle Monkey Warchief. Not only could the Warchief increase his subordinates’ Attributes and raise their attack efficiency, but it could also call for infinite reinforcements. Hence, players needed to kill the Warchief as soon as possible.

Players would simply be asking for trouble if they dragged the fight on for too long without killing the Warchief.

However, taking it out would not be easy.

This did not mean that the Battle Monkey Warchief was overly powerful. Rather, compared to the other Battle Monkeys, the Warchief was far more sensitive to danger. When its own life was at risk, it would flee. Moreover, the Warchief was also more agile than the other Battle Monkeys, as could be seen from its thin and lean body. Hence, players would find it difficult to kill.

When the Battle Monkey Warchief saw Shi Feng flying towards it, it immediately fled in the opposite direction.

Unfortunately, although the Battle Monkey Warchief was quick on its feet, it was far slower than Shi Feng when he had Wind Rider Active.

“Let’s use you as practice for my newly-learned Void Steps,” Shi Feng smiled faintly. Unsheathing the Abyssal Blade and Purgatory’s Shadow, he shot forward, hurtling towards the Battle Monkey Warchief.