Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 429 - Overflowing Luck

I’m only 9 points away now. Shi Feng smiled at his Attribute Panel. Knowing that he was only one level away from equipping the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath, his anticipation grew.

When he could equip the Fragmented Legendary item, his combat power would soar once again.

In God’s Domain, Fragmented Legendary items were as rare as a phoenix’s feather. It was an item that countless players dreamed of obtaining. Even during his previous ten years of professional gaming experience, Shi Feng had never owned one.

Legendary items allowed players to overcome the gap between tiers. Although Fragmented Legendary items were not as powerful as Legendary items, they were still far more powerful than Epic items.

If Shi Feng could equip the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath, his combat power could reach the same playing field as a Tier 2 class.

A Tier 2 class was in a whole different league compared to Tier 1.

It was like the difference between a Chieftain and a Lord.

Against a Chieftain of the same level, a direct confrontation required at least a party of elite players. Against a Lord, however, a direct confrontation required a team. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Shi Feng, as a Tier 1 Blade Saint, could solo a Chieftain of the same level. However, he stood no chance against a Lord of the same level unless he used some particular technique or advantage.

After equipping the Heavenly Dragon’s Breath, however, Shi Feng could contend with the five Guilds controlled by Underworld by himself. He would not need to involve Zero Wing, allowing his core team to develop safely.

After killing the 16 Flame Guards, everyone’s levels had similarly risen. At this moment, the lowest leveled player among the 500 team members was Level 24. They had far surpassed the average level of elite players in White River City and were on par with most of the expert players.

Among the members of Zero Wing, Aqua Rose, Fire Dance, Flying Shadow, Cola and the others had reached Level 26. Their levels were already on par with the top-tier experts of White River City.

Hence, instead of wasting time and fighting a war of attrition with Overwhelming Smile, they should take the opportunity to widen the gap between Zero Wing and the other Guilds further. After all, if a newly-established Guild like Zero Wing wished to become the overlord of Star-Moon Kingdom, they first needed sufficient combat power to strike fear into the other Guilds’ hearts.

However, the loot the Flame Guards had dropped was the most valuable gain from the slaughter.

While the crowd was taking a break, Shi Feng tidied up all of the loot. He also appraised every single drop.

Although Shi Feng had expected the drops to be impressive, after he finished appraising the items, he could not contain his shock.

Icarus’s Heart was truly a godly tool. With Divine Providence, they had obtained a total of 286 items from the 16 Flame Guards. Among the items, 105 were rare materials, 9 were individual pieces of the Warfire Set Equipment, 41 were Level 25 Mysterious-Iron Equipment, 53 were Level 25 Secret-Silver Equipment, 29 were Level 25 Fine-Gold Equipment, 18 consisted of various recipes and forging designs, 15 were Tier 1 Magic Scrolls, 4 were Tier 2 Magic Scrolls, and 12 were Treasure Hunting Scrolls.

Currently, in God’s Domain, the average players were around Level 20, whereas Guild elites were around Level 22. The Dungeons they could raid were all Level 20 Dungeons. Hence, the equipment they could obtain was limited to Level 20. It was extremely rare to come across Level 25 weapons and equipment.

In God’s Domain, weapons and equipment would significantly impact a player’s performance every five levels.

The Attributes of a Level 20 Fine-Gold Equipment were slightly inferior to a Level 25 Secret-Silver Equipment. In other words, a player wearing Level 25 Fine-Gold Equipment was stronger than a player wearing Level 20 Dark-Gold Equipment.

How rare was Level 20 Dark-Gold Equipment? There were only very few items throughout Star-Moon Kingdom.

Yet, now, they had actually obtained 29 pieces of Level 25 Fine-Gold Equipment, which was the equivalent of obtaining 29 Level 20 Dark-Gold Equipment.

Furthermore, they had obtained the Warfire Set Equipment and Treasure Hunting Scrolls, two of the rarest items available in White Fog Canyon.

Currently, although players were familiar with the Warfire Set Equipment, almost nobody knew about the Treasure Hunting Scroll.

Although the scroll was not as valuable as a Tier 2 Magic Scroll, it was extremely useful inside the White Fog Canyon. The scroll’s greatest function was searching for Starfire Ore.

It was extremely difficult to locate Starfire Ore in White Fog Canyon. Originally, Shi Feng had intended to rely on his memories. With the Treasure Hunting Scroll, however, he could locate the ore with the system map. The scroll had a search radius of 1,000 yards and lasted for 30 minutes. When searching for valuable ores, it was the best tool one could have.

“Luckily, even this dropped.” Shi Feng chuckled lightly upon seeing the Treasure Hunting Scrolls in his bag. However, when he swept a gaze over the individual pieces of the Warfire Set Equipment, he lamented as he muttered, “It would be awesome if I could complete the Warfire Set Equipment.”

[Warfire Set Equipment] (Bronze Rank [Can be evolved])

Level 20 - Level 30

Can be equipped by any classes.

Set consists of seven parts: head, chest, belt, hands, wrists, legs, and feet.

Set Effect (Bronze Rank)

Two-piece effect: All Attributes +10

Four-piece effect: Ignore Levels +10. Obtain Free Will skill. Able to remove all control effects for 5 seconds. Cooldown: 1 minute.

Seven-piece effect: Main Attribute increased by 10%. Skill Cooldown decreased by 30%. Obtain Warfire Berserk skill. Damage increased by 50%, Attack Speed increased by 50%, and Movement Speed increased by 30% for 20 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes.

The Basic Attributes of the Warfire Set Equipment were average at best. It was referred to as a Level 30 Peak Fine-Gold Set Equipment was because of its Set Effects. In particular, the Free Will skill and Warfire Berserk skill were the main reason it ranked as Peak Fine-Gold Set Equipment.

Although Shi Feng now had nine individual pieces, there were duplicates for the head, hands, and legs slots. He was only missing the wrist pieces.

The Warfire Set Equipment only reached its true value when it was complete.

Following which, Shi Feng distributed the Level 25 Fine-Gold and Secret-Silver Equipment to Fire Dance, Aqua Rose, Cola, and the other core members who had reached Level 25. As for everyone else, they had yet to meet the level requirements and could not use any of the Level 25 equipment. However, they had obtained the corresponding Guild Points. When they returned, they could exchange these Guild Points items in the Guild’s Warehouse.

Nobody argued Shi Feng’s arrangements. After all, those who had contributed the most to the Flame Guards’ deaths were Aqua Rose, the core members, and the healers. Everyone else had simply watched from the side, doing nothing at all. They were satisfied with receiving Guild Points.

Moreover, even if Shi Feng had given some of the equipment to them, they could not equip it. Guild Points were far more practical.

“Guild Leader, where are we heading next?” Aqua Rose had just replaced a few pieces of her equipment with the Level 25 Fine-Gold ranked cloth armor they had obtained, increasing her Attributes significantly. Right now, she was itching to test her newfound strength. “Are we going to look for more Lords?”

“No, we’re going to the inner region to mine ores.” Shi Feng smiled faintly as he took out a Treasure Hunting Scroll. He then unfurled the gray scroll and chanted an incantation.

Suddenly, several red dots appeared on Shi Feng’s system map.

“Mine ores?” Aqua Rose could not help but ask.

Their team consisted of 500 elite players. Yet, they had not come here to grind and level up, but to mine ores? She was utterly speechless.

“You’ll understand when the time comes,” Shi Feng laughed. He then sent parties to the highlighted locations on the map.

If he had a large stock of Starfire Ore, he could mass-produce the Fine-Gold ranked Dragonscale Set Equipment for the Guild. At that time, how could Overwhelming Smile compete with them?