Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 433 - Evil Rakshasa

Hearing Lone Tyrant’s question, Youlan, who had originally planned to explain, suddenly received another message notification.

When she read the contents of the message, her frown deepened.

“Oriental Sword, that fool! I told him to investigate the secret Zero Wing had used to obtain their stock of Level 25 high-end equipment, yet, he brazenly killed Zero Wing’s members! He has even provoked Black Flame!” Youlan was furious after reading the message.

Youlan had previously investigated Black Flame. However, the more she looked into the man, the more creeped out she felt.

Black Flame had appeared silently, and like a rising comet, he shocked everyone with every action.

In White River City, not only had he massacred so many players, but he had also been able to move about freely. This strength alone was sufficient to strike fear into others. After all, if such a powerful person ambushed someone out in the field, and the victim was not strong enough to survive, they would still meet tragedy.

If they were dealing with an ordinary expert, they could simply form larger teams when leaving the city. That way, those experts would not dare attack them. However, Black Flame was different. He was too powerful. Even if they formed teams, Black Flame could still slaughter them with little effort, and they could only helplessly watch as he did so.

The only real solution was to form a team of several hundred players. However, they could not do that every time they left the city.

Not only would this be detrimental to the Guild’s development, but it would also make them the laughingstock of God’s Domain.

However, if Black Flame constantly hunted and ambushed their members, his growth would stagnate. Moreover, such ambushes would not significantly impact the Guild if they only occurred one or two days. Black Flame needed to ambush them over a long period of time to wound Overwhelming Smile. Meanwhile, it would be detrimental if Black Flame neither leveled up nor upgraded his equipment for a long time.

There were countless experts in God’s Domain. If one did not continuously improve their strength, others would quickly surpass them.

Zero Wing’s success today was largely due to Black Flame’s strength. If Black Flame let himself go, it would damage Zero Wing.

Hence, Youlan had prohibited the members of Overwhelming Smile from crossing any lines, maintaining the balance between both parties. She was worried that, if angered, Black Flame would disregard all consequences and act so roguishly.

Now, however, Oriental Sword had broken the balance that they had maintained!

At this point, Youlan wanted to hunt Oriental Sword down personally and strangle him.

---

After Youlan received the message, Shi Feng began to annihilate Overwhelming Smile’s members with Aqua Rose and the others by his side.

Shi Feng’s Void Steps had long since petrified his opponents. Later, they even reported to the Main God System, stating that Shi Feng had abused a loophole in the system to kill players. They all hoped that the Main God System would bring them justice, giving Shi Feng his deserved punishment!

Yet, the reply they had received stated that there were no issues. Shi Feng’s every action had been within the rules of the system.

Overwhelming Smile’s members had been even more shocked upon receiving this reply.

That ghost-like method Shi Feng had used to kill Oriental Sword wasn’t actually a bug...

For a time, the crowd from Overwhelming Smile despaired. In the face of Shi Feng’s merciless slaughter, their previous confidence was nothing but a joke. The only thing they could do was escape.

As for battling Shi Feng? That was a fool’s errand!

Just how were they supposed to fight an enemy that they could not see? Moreover, said enemy could kill them instantly upon reappearing.

“You guys wish to escape? Try it.” Without hesitation, Shi Feng activated Skywheel Sword.

Previously, to kill Oriental Sword in one hit, Shi Feng had specially activated Aura of Fire and Purgatory Power, holding nothing back. Now, after activating Skywheel Sword, countless swords of light appeared in the sky above the mine’s entrance. When the swords descended, not only did they deal over -2,400 damage to all enemies within an area of 20*20 yards, but it also sealed all enemies within range, preventing them from leaving the region for 4 seconds.

Instantly, the members of Overwhelming Smile were trapped within the mine.

When everyone from Overwhelming Smile saw that there was no longer hope for escape, they tried to resist.

Unfortunately, Shi Feng did not give them a chance.

Shi Feng then used the skill of the Aura of Fire, Firestorm. Suddenly, flames filled the interior of the mine. A damage of close to -10,000 points appeared above every player and monster within. After Firestorm’s duration of five seconds, only ash remained.

Since Shi Feng began his assault, the whole process only lasted a few seconds. Just like that, over a hundred elites from Overwhelming Smile had been exterminated. Moreover, Shi Feng had collected the Immortal Souls of every player that he killed. Within a short time, all of these players had been locked out of God’s Domain...

If Shi Feng had been a wild beast that gave other Guilds massive headaches before he had become a Blade Saint, now, he was an Evil Rakshasa that others would avoid at all costs.

---

Meanwhile, inside the Ruined Shrine...

“So what if it’s Black Flame? We have the advantage of numbers. We can easily get rid of him.” A wrathful flame immediately blossom within Lone Tyrant’s eyes when he heard Black Flame’s name. Hurriedly, he said, “Why don’t I take some men to assist Oriental Sword and kill Black Flame?”

Ever since dying by Shi Feng’s hands, Lone Tyrant had toughened his heart and trained arduously every night and day. He had done so to exact his revenge. He was no longer the same as he had been in the past.

If not for Youlan restraining him, he would have long since avenged his deaths.

Now that Oriental Sword had provoked Black Flame, it was only natural that he go and help out. Youlan could not possibly sit by and watch as more than a hundred elite members fell under Black Flame’s swords, right?

Ultimately, these elite members were the backbone of the Guild. If the Guild did nothing as over a hundred of these elites were slaughtered, not only would it damage the Guild’s reputation, but it would also affect the hearts of those within the Guild.

“No need. Black Flame killed Oriental Sword with a single hit. As for the others, they’re most likely dead by now,” Youlan said, revealing a bitter smile.

Youlan had a clear understanding of Black Flame’s strength. None of the titled experts on the God’s Domain Experts List were for show. Furthermore, Black Flame currently had several experts by his side. Those hundred-plus elite members had zero chance of surviving. Only a top-tier expert might have a chance of walking away.

Upon hearing Youlan’s statement, Lone Tyrant was stunned. He said, “I am very familiar with Oriental Sword’s strength. Moreover, he has so many people with him. How could Black Flame kill him with one hit?”

“I do not know how exactly he died, but according to the reports sent from above, Oriental Sword had not managed to respond before dying,” Youlan said. “It seems that after not encountering Black Flame for a while, he has grown even stronger. We need to hurry and take down this Great Lord.”

“Are we just going to let this go?” Lone Tyrant had yet to give up on the idea of killing Black Flame. Staring at Youlan, he asked, “If others find out that, despite Black Flame having killed so many Overwhelming Smile’s elites, we are indifferent, we will become a laughingstock. What will we do if our inaction angers those above us?” UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Youlan frowned. Just as Lone Tyrant had said, if they did not take any sort of action now, they would become a joke to the public.

“Youlan, what’s going on with you? You shouldn’t wear such an ugly expression. Do you need big brother’s help?” Just as Youlan struggled with her indecision, a lean man walked over, smiling.

This man was a Level 26 Assassin, his level surpassing everyone in Overwhelming Smile. Yet, despite there being no Guild Emblem on his person, everyone from Overwhelming Smile treated him with respect and reverence. Even Lone Tyrant was no exception; he was deeply afraid of provoking this young master.

The reason they were behaving in such a way was not only this young man’s high level. More importantly, this man was the key to their operation of killing the Great Lord.

Back then, Young Master Feng had repeatedly instructed them to treat this youth before them with respect. If they provoked this youth...

They would be responsible for their own actions!