Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 454 - Bloody Battle

Listening to Youlan’s words, even a fool could tell that Overwhelming Smile had come to redeem their reputation.

“Miss Youlan, are you suggesting that we start an all-out war?” Shi Feng blatantly asked.

Regarding the matter with Oriental Sword, if Overwhelming Smile had not been the one to take action first, Shi Feng would not have bothered with killing him. After all, Zero Wing currently wielded a relatively significant advantage in White River City. Although Overwhelming Smile’s financial attack had been considerably powerful, it would not last too long. Even if Shi Feng ignored it, Overwhelming Smile would soon self-destruct.

The opposing Guild understood the situation quite well. Their current goal was only to delay Zero Wing’s development and cause some trouble. Their true aim was to consolidate the strength of the five cities surrounding White River City. After Underworld secured full control of those five cities, taking Zero Wing out would be effortless.

“Guild Leader, Black Flame, why must you put it like that? I have only come to demand justice for our Guild’s brethren. Why would I start an all-out war between our two Guilds?” Youlan said, chuckling.

“Demand justice?” Shi Feng could not help but laugh. “You must think highly of me. You’ve actually brought 2,000 people to deal with me. Am I really that scary?” RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

“I don’t know about others, but I know full well what you are capable of. If I don’t have this many allies around me, how could I possibly stand before you, the number one expert of Star-Moon Kingdom?” Youlan said as she shook her head.

If Shi Feng had been alone, Youlan would have been certain that Shi Feng could escape. He might even kill her before he fled. After all, he had done just that with Lone Tyrant.

Now that so much time had passed, Youlan refused to believe that Shi Feng had not grown stronger.

Since Zero Wing was capable of offering top-tier equipment to even its ordinary members, as the Leader of the Guild, how could Shi Feng’s equipment be inferior?

“What are your intentions, then?” Shi Feng asked.

“As long as you let us kill you once, we will forget about this matter altogether. How about it?” Youlan said. “Neither of our Guilds stand to benefit from an all-out war. In fact, such a situation will only allow other Guilds to take advantage of us. I hope that you will consider your options carefully.”

“Bah!

“Don’t even think about it! Even if we die, we will not let our Guild Leader suffer such humiliation!”

Blackie and the others stepped forward in retaliation. Facing their current predicament, they had already prepared to fight to the death.

If news about Zero Wing’s Guild Leader becoming a martyr spread, Zero Wing would become the laughingstock of God’s Domain. How was Zero Wing supposed to continue developing in God’s Domain then?

“I’ll open a path in a moment. Escape if you can,” Shi Feng ordered his party as he unsheathed the Abyssal Blade and the Purgatory’s Shadow, a cold glint flashing in his eyes. He then turned to Virtuous Cloud. Apologizing, he said, “I really am sorry for dragging you into our Guild’s struggles. However, if you are to clarify things with Overwhelming Smile, they should not touch you. After all, this is a matter between Guilds; independent players are innocent.”

Currently, Shi Feng was still in a Weakened state with all of his Attributes reduced by 80%. Although he did not know what the outcome of today’s battle would be, he swore that he would repay this debt of blood tenfold in the future.

“Guild Leader, Black Flame, don’t worry about it. Those Red Names should have killed us. How can we sit by and do nothing when you’ve been cornered?” Virtuous Cloud stated as she raised her Secret-Silver shield and walked to the forefront of the team.

Virtuous Cloud’s party members nodded in agreement as they readied their weapons. They were prepared to face the 2,000 elite players alongside Shi Feng.

An army of 2,000 elite players... their silent stance in the distance was enough to frighten any ordinary player, much less the killing intent they emitted.

When Virtuous Cloud and her party members saw Overwhelming Smile’s battle formations, they paled. The pressure they felt from this army was far greater than any they had felt from Red Names in the past.

Virtuous Cloud suddenly thought of the Red Names they had faced as nothing more than cute dolls.

Against 50 players, they still had a chance to flee. However, against 2,000 players, only death awaited them.

“Since you insist on being stubborn, don’t blame us for being rude!” Youlan’s lips unconsciously curled into a smile when she saw the stern expressions of Shi Feng’s team. Immediately, she made a wave with her hand. “Kill them!”

Suddenly, the 2,000 elite players approached Shi Feng and his allies slowly and orderly. Simultaneously, a gigantic black magic array emerged in the sky. Suddenly, the magic array released a black light that covered the sky before enveloping every player on the battlefield.

Everyone’s vision suddenly turned black, unable to see anything at all. After a brief moment of darkness, however, the players regained their sight and felt no discomfort whatsoever.

Shi Feng was suddenly shocked. “This is the effect of the Tier 3 Magic Scroll, Dead Zone. Any lifeforms exposed to the black light are Silenced for five minutes. The scroll’s effects also prohibit the usage of any tools.”

The players tensed when they heard the word “Silenced.”

Although it seemed as if Overwhelming Smile would suffer more from the Silenced state than Shi Feng, his team still had skills such as Blackie’s Stars of Light and Shi Feng’s Firestorm.

With these two skills, they could obliterate waves of enemies. Not to mention, Shi Feng’s group also had many AOE attack Magic Scrolls.

Now, however, they couldn’t use any of them...

“Hahaha! Black Flame is dead for sure this time! Let’s see if he can escape without skills or Scrolls!” Lone Tyrant rejoiced as he watched his Guildmates slowly surround Shi Feng.

“What a pity. I had originally thought I would get a chance to solo that Black Flame. However, I never expected that you still had such a trump card hidden, Youlan. No wonder you are known as the female Zhuge[1]. It seems that I won’t have a chance to take him on,” Summer Sunshine sighed as he shook his head.

“Big Brother Summer, Black Flame is not so simple. In a moment, we will still have to rely on you to get rid of him,” Youlan said. She was not rash like Lone Tyrant. Before dealing with an enemy, she would always investigate them thoroughly and prepare for the worst possible scenarios.

Although the situation seemed in Overwhelming Smile’s favor, melee combat experts such as Shi Feng excelled in situations in which both sides were Silenced.

If not for the fact that Youlan had her own melee genius, Summer Sunshine, she wouldn’t have been as certain of Shi Feng’s defeat.

“In that case, let me have a go at him.”

Hearing Youlan’s words, passion and excitement filled Summer Sunshine’s gaze as he watched his opponent. Finished speaking, he took a step forward before dashing towards the battlefield.

TL Notes:

[1] Zhuge: a Chinese politician, military strategist, writer, engineer and inventor.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/... class="Apple-interchange-newline">