Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 458 - Fleeting Sword RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Straight-line attacks were very easily seen through, yet Summer Sunshine did not seem to care about using them at all.

With Omnivision, Shi Feng’s every action was being scrutinized by Summer Sunshine. Even if Shi Feng thought about his next move, Summer Sunshine could immediately see through it and react appropriately. He was not afraid of his attack being seen through at all.

Moreover, unlike Summer Sunshine’s previous assault, this time, whether it was his movements or the dagger he was swinging at Shi Feng, neither made any noise. His attack was both quick and silent, and it simply gave one no time to react at all.

When an ordinary person was moving or attacking, they would always produce some form of sound. A sound would be produced because vibrations would form when an object moved through the air. These vibrations were caused due to energy dispersing from unnecessary actions, and the larger the vibrations, the louder the sound.

Although attacks that generated thundering sounds looked very imposing, a lot of energy was wasted.

In contrast, the less vibrations one produced when they attacked, the more concentrated the energy behind the attack would be. Naturally, the might of one’s attack would also become greater.

During a battle, other than sense of sight, a player also heavily relied on their sense of hearing and touch. Through listening to the noise produced by an attack, players could predict the general trajectory of the attack. The vibrations generated when an attack collided with air would also produce an impact, and by feeling this impact with their bodies, players could then take appropriate measures.

However, Summer Sunshine’s soundless attack was extremely hard to defend against.

Originally, launching a soundless attack was already beyond the capabilities of ordinary men. However, Summer Sunshine’s every single action was actually soundless. His movements dispersed practically no energy at all. This was already a realm that could not be reached by humans.

“Just who is he?” At a distance, Fire Dance, who was battling while watching Shi Feng’s battle at the same time, was inwardly shocked when she saw Summer Sunshine’s attack. She felt that it was simply inconceivable.

Summer Sunshine fully embodied the class known as Assassin, and this was exactly what Fire Dance had been pursuing all along.

Originally, Fire Dance had thought Shi Feng was belittling her strength too much, which was why he had barred her from fighting against Summer Sunshine. Now, however, it would seem that Shi Feng’s decision was indeed correct.

The gap between Fire Dance and Summer Sunshine was simply unimaginable. If they fought, she did not possess even the slightest chance at securing victory.

Sure enough, he really is a monster. Shi Feng inwardly sighed when he saw Summer Sunshine charging at him.

He finally understood why Summer Sunshine was capable of standing at the peak of God’s Domain.

After experiencing a decade of battles, Shi Feng had only managed to achieve a soundless attack after much difficulty. Even so, not every move of his could achieve such a state of soundlessness. Yet, every single action of the Assassin before him was actually soundless. The gap between them was simply unfathomable.

Shi Feng knew that he was currently not a match for Summer Sunshine at all.

If he was not Silenced nor in a Weakened state, he might possess a chance of contending against Summer Sunshine. If he had to rely on pure techniques, however, there was simply no chance for him to win.

If this fight took place in reality, it was highly possible that Shi Feng would have been defeated by Summer Sunshine in just a single move.

Although Shi Feng knew that he was not a match for Summer Sunshine, for reasons unknown, there was a sense of joy filling Shi Feng’s heart right now.

“Come!”

Shi Feng no longer held back. He used Void Steps again and charged at Summer Sunshine.

Void Steps placed a severe burden on its user’s mental power. At this moment, however, Shi Feng couldn’t care less. If he did not use Void Steps, then he would only last a few moves against Summer Sunshine. Since he was going to lose either way, he might as well take the final plunge.

After Shi Feng disappeared, even though Summer Sunshine hesitated for a slight moment, he still responded very quickly. With a twist of his feet, he suddenly swept the dagger in his hand to his side.

Everyone was greatly surprised, confused at just what the Assassin was trying to do.

However, when the dagger was halfway through its course, sparks were generated as the weapon was abruptly stopped in its path. Immediately after, Shi Feng’s figure was revealed.

Before anyone could react, Shi Feng used Void Steps and disappeared from everyone’s sight once more.

For a time, everyone watched as Summer Sunshine continuously brandished his daggers, creating dazzling sparks with every swing he made.

Those who were ill-informed would think that Summer Sunshine had gone insane. However, everyone present knew that the Assassin was currently fighting Shi Feng. Moreover, it was obvious that the Summer Sunshine currently held the upper hand in this fight.

A battle of such level thoroughly stunned everyone present. Compared to this battle happening right before them, the videos spread on the forums showing the battles of experts were just complete and utter garbage.

Presently, everyone had even forgotten about their own battles. All their attention was focused on the battle between Summer Sunshine and Shi Feng.

“This is bad.” Fire Dance grew anxious when she looked at Shi Feng, who was currently in battle.

The strain Void Steps put on its user’s mental power was no laughing matter. Previously, when Shi Feng had used Void Steps multiple times against a Chieftain ranked monster, his spirit ended up in an exhausted state. Despite his HP still being full back then, he did not have the energy to even move his body.

As the battle continued to drag on, Shi Feng could feel himself almost reaching his limit. Suddenly, he pulled a distance away from Summer Sunshine.

“You’re really good. You are the first person capable of fighting against me for such a long amount of time. However, that move of yours should be placing a huge burden on your mental power, right? I wonder just how many more moves you can handle?” Despite having gone through such an intense battle, Summer Sunshine still displayed a calm and indifferent expression on his face.

Shi Feng did not give a reply. At this moment, his complexion was deathly pale, and even speaking had become an extremely exhausting task.

“It seems that you don’t have much energy left. Let’s finish things then. Ever since entering God’s Domain, nobody has ever seen this move of mine, and you will be the first one to do so,” saying so, Summer Sunshine’s expression turned serious. The killing intent he had kept hidden all this time suddenly exploded like a volcano, suffocating all those who felt it.

Summer Sunshine was like a ferocious beast that had escaped its cage. In the next moment, his figure dashed towards Shi Feng.

However, when Summer Sunshine was halfway to reaching Shi Feng, his body suddenly vanished. Immediately after, he reappeared behind Shi Feng, his dagger tightly held in a reverse grip as he swung it down towards Shi Feng’s back.

Suddenly, the spectators of the battle were stunned.

“Does he know Void Steps as well?” Fire Dance said in shock.

“No,” Violet Cloud said. “That’s Second Acceleration.”

Violet Cloud had previously witnessed War Wolf using Second Acceleration to attack many times before.

Void Steps was a footwork that caused the opponent to ignore the user’s very existence. Even if the opponent was able to see the user, their brains would still categorize this information as useless and promptly ignore it. However, Second Acceleration was a trick used to fool a person’s eyes. Overall, it was a technique inferior to Void Steps.

However, War Wolf had used Second Acceleration on his attack, whereas Summer Sunshine had used Second Acceleration on his movements. It was clear that Summer Sunshine’s technique was several levels above War Wolf.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng was feeling extremely weak. He was simply unable to block or dodge Summer Sunshine’s soundless attack.

At this moment, although Shi Feng had discovered Summer Sunshine’s attack, he was already close to exceeding his mental limit. His bodyfelt extraordinarily heavy. Even if he tried to defend using the Abyssal Blade right now, it was simply impossible for him to keep up with Summer Sunshine’s speed.

Is this the end?

The moment before the attack was about to hit him, Shi Feng could not help but have such a thought.

No!

He definitely could not let it end here!

He still needed to reach even greater heights! He definitely could not be defeated here!

I need to block it!

I must block it!

My movements need to be faster! Much faster!

At this moment, Shi Feng was wholeheartedly trying to make his movements much faster and more precise. However, he no longer possessed the energy to control the other parts of his body. He could only use the most conservative way he could think of to block Summer Sunshine’s attack.

At this moment, Shi Feng’s mind had already forgotten to think, his body forgetting to breathe.

When there were only a few centimeters left between Summer Sunshine’s dagger and Shi Feng’s body, the Abyssal Blade in Shi Feng’s hand suddenly slid into the snow-bright dagger.

Dang!

The impact of the two weapons caused the snow-bright dagger’s trajectory to shift, and as a result, the dagger only brushed past Shi Feng’s body...