Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 462 - War of Attrition

When Shi Feng logged into the game, the location he appeared at was still within White Fog Canyon.

At this moment, the sky in God’s Domain was dusky. There was still over an hour until dawn.

“It sure is quiet.”

Shi Feng took a look at his surroundings, failing to notice any players or monsters. There was only the sound of leaves rustling in the cold wind. This was a very abnormal situation in White Fog Canyon.

However, Shi Feng did not stay in this spot for too long. He dashed towards the exit of the canyon.

At this moment, Shi Feng’s Weakened state had already ended, having recovered his peak condition. If one were to look at Shi Feng’s running figure right now, they would not be able to see him clearly at all. They would only see a black figure darting across the map. Shi Feng was like a healthy and elegant leopard.

Just as Shi Feng was about to leave White Fog Canyon, a group of over one hundred Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys leaped out of the forest and blocked his path.

The monsters in White Fog Canyon were very dangerous due to being in a constant berserk state.

Now that was night time,players would have their vision reduced while monsters would not be affected in the slightest. As a result, players would find it much more difficult to fight at night.

Facing against over a hundred Elite monsters, even an elite party would die unavenged. Only a large team of over a hundred players could possibly endure the assault of so many Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys. However, as if he had not seen the monsters in his way, Shi Feng dashed into the group of Battle Monkeys. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

The Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys had similarly charged at Shi Feng like a group of mad cows.

However, just when the sabers held by the Battle Monkeys were about to land on Shi Feng, the weapons struck air and simply brushed past Shi Feng’s body. It was as if the Battle Monkeys’ target was not Shi Feng at all. T allowed Shi Feng to easily shuttle through them.

After their first attack failed, the Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys turned around and attacked Shi Feng once more.

This time, seven Battle Monkeys surrounded Shi Feng. However, Shi Feng was just like flowing water. Just like before, when the Battle Monkeys’ sabers were about to reach Shi Feng, the weapons simply brushed past his body.

In just a moment, Shi Feng had weaved his way through the group of Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys. Although the Battle Monkeys felt enraged by this situation, they could not do anything about it. They could only watch unwillingly as Shi Feng exited the canyon.

The improvements brought about by an increase in brain activity sure are significant. Shi Feng was full of smiles as he turned back to look at the Crimson-eyed Battle Monkeys.

Although he could defeat such a number of Battle Monkeys by himself, he definitely would not have been able to effortlessly dodge such an encirclement. This achievement was all thanks to his increase in brain activity. Not only did this change improve his brain’s perception of danger, but it had also advanced his control over his own body. Whether it was in regard to an enemy’s attack or his own ability to dodge, the ability to control his movements had become very precise and refined. He had already entered the Refinement Realm.

Before, Shi Feng could only barely achieve Refinement with his actions, and he could not maintain that achievement for long; he could only be considered to have taken half a step into the Refinement Realm. Even so, half a step was already an amazing feat. Meanwhile, he had now completely entered this realm, becoming much stronger than he had been before. Even if he had to face Summer Sunshine’s assault right now, he believed that he would not end up in such a miserable state where he would be required to use Void Steps to dodge.

After leaving White Fog Canyon, Shi Feng immediately unfurled a Return Scroll and activated it.

Shortly after returning to White River City, Shi Feng discovered that the number of players here were much more numerous than before. The players were all recruiting team members.

“Money-farming team, 17 waiting for 3! DDs are welcomed! Must be Level 20 or above!”

“Frozen Waterfall independent party recruiting, 12 waiting for 8! We welcome all sorts of pros! Must be Level 21 or above! Equipment must be at least Bronze rank!”

“Twilight Lighthouse independent party recruiting! Party is being carried by an expert! Noobs, do not disturb! Equipment must be at least Bronze rank! Drops will be auctioned among team members!”

Many players were recruiting for Level 20 Team Dungeons out in the streets. This situation really surprised Shi Feng.

Whether it was Frozen Waterfall or Twilight Lighthouse, both were challenging 20-man Team Dungeons; their difficulty was considered intermediate among Level 20 Team Dungeons. Currently, even a normal Guild Team would not necessarily succeed when clearing one. Yet, there were actually so many independent teams recruiting for these Dungeons. This situation truly confused Shi Feng.

He had gone offline for just one day.

Just when did the independent players of White River City become so powerful?!

Aside from the shouts of recruitment by independent players, Shi Feng also heard news regarding the all-out war between Zero Wing and Overwhelming Smile.

Up to now, the losses suffered by both Guilds had already exceeded 2,000 players. Moreover, the battles between both Guilds were growing intenser as time passed. In the beginning, the skirmishes that occurred only involved dozens of players, before slowly growing into the hundreds. At this point in time, both Guilds were already waging wars involving over a thousand players.

“Zero Wing really is amazing. Their total kill count right now has already exceeded 5,000 players. Meanwhile, Overwhelming Smile has only managed to kill around 2,000 Zero Wing members.”

“I know, right? I heard that Zero Wing’s Assassin Fire Dance alone has killed more than 300 Overwhelming Smile members. Many players were done in by her, and she has even managed to kill Lone Tyrant, giving Overwhelming Smile a huge headache. Right now, her fame is no longer beneath Black Flame.”

“Other than Fire Dance, there is also Flying Shadow, another Assassin of Zero Wing. His kill count is just slightly below Fire Dance’s. Right now, he has already killed more than 200 members of Overwhelming Smile. In addition, there are also Aqua Rose, Violet Cloud, Cola, Blackie, and so on. Every one of them has killed over 100 players already. Other than the core members of Zero Wing, there are also many rising experts in Zero Wing. Among them is a Berserker called Shadow Sword; his kill count is over 50. I hear that he has even managed to exchange for a Level 25 Fine-Gold Equipment with the Contribution Points he obtained.”

“Say, even though Overwhelming Smile also has a large number of experts, why aren’t they able to fight against multiple enemies by themselves like Zero Wing’s experts? Just why are Zero Wing’s experts so strong?”

“You don’t know? I hear that Zero Wing’s core members have completed their Class Change and have become Tier 1 classes already. In terms of Attributes and Skills, they are much more powerful than us players who have yet to complete our Class Change. Even when facing a player with the same Attributes and equipment, a Tier 1 player can still easily defeat half a dozen Tier 0 players. Moreover, I hear that Zero Wing has over 50 Tier 1 players. Overwhelming Smile is naturally unable to contend against Zero Wing.”

“It can’t be, right?! I hear that the Class Change Quest is absurdly difficult. It is practically impossible to complete it without reaching Level 27 or 28. Many have tried before, but all of them had failed. Moreover, if one fails their Class Change Quest, they will have to wait a very long time before they can challenge the quest again. Just how have so many players from Zero Wing completed their Class Change?!”

The players holding discussions on the street marveled at Zero Wing’s strength. At the same time, they had also received a glimpse of how powerful a Tier 1 class was. It was not something a Tier 0 class could compare to at all.

When Shi Feng heard these conversations, a faint smile appeared on his face. After so many days of effort, there were finally some results.

Over 50 Tier 1 players could indeed play a huge role in a battle involving thousands of players. Unfortunately, with just two Guilds battling against each other, wars involving thousands of players rarely occurred. A majority of the battles fought between the two Guilds were merely small skirmishes that involved several dozen players. As a result, the potential of these 50-plus Tier 1 players was less than it could be.

Moreover, when comparing the backgrounds and fundings of the two Guilds, Overwhelming Smile was leaps and bounds above Zero Wing.

Although Overwhelming Smile’s death count was more than double Zero Wing’s death count, Overwhelming Smile was supported by Underworld from behind. Their financial prowess was definitely more than a dozen times greater than Zero Wing’s. Even if the compensation and rewards they gave was triple or quadruple of what Zero Wing gave, they could still afford to grind Zero Wing into dust.

This was the reason why Shi Feng had been unwilling to start an all-out war all this time, as doing so would be very detrimental to Zero Wing.

Following which, Shi Feng contacted Aqua Rose to get a more detailed understanding of the present situation. He then increased the Contribution Points awarded for killing enemy players as well as increased the compensation of the Guild members who died battling against the enemy. At the same time, he also made preparations to start raiding 50-man Team Dungeons and 100-man Team Dungeons.

“Guild Leader, now that we have started an all-out war with Overwhelming Smile, if we increase the compensation and rewards, the expenses of the Guild will increase by several times. If the war is extended, this amount will become astronomical. Moreover, the compensation and rewards we are currently giving out are already quite high. Even the Guild members feel that they are good. There is simply no need for this extra spending.” Aqua Rose knew that Shi Feng was rich, but even so, money should not be wasted in such a way. It was especially true for the rewards given out. If the Guild members managed to kill 10,000 enemies, even if the Guild only gave one additional Contribution Point for each kill, the Guild would still have to pay for the cost of an additional 10,000 Contribution Points. Not to mention, as the fighting continued, large wars would occur more frequently. At that time, the Contribution Points the Guild would have to pay out would increase by several times.

“No problem. I’ll figure out a way to deal with the matters regarding money,” Shi Feng said, shaking his head.

The reason why he was increasing the amount of Contribution Points awarded was not for the purpose of exciting the Guild members. Instead, he was doing so in order to hasten up the consumption speed of both sides.

If it had been in the past, Shi Feng definitely would not fight a war of attrition with Overwhelming Smile. Now, however, things were different. He now had a large amount of Starfire Ore in his hands. He would let Overwhelming Smile know what it truly felt like to crumble apart.