Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 464 - Shocking Treasure

Shi Feng could not help but tremble when he looked at the golden stone tablet inside his bag.

God’s Domain was very large, and there were many kingdoms and empires within it. Naturally, these realms would go through growth and decline.

Countless kingdoms and empires had disappeared into the long river of history by now.

Although they had already been forgotten by people, some of these kingdoms and empires had left behind shocking treasures that were unknown to others.

In God’s Domain, these shocking treasures were called Heirlooms.

Heirlooms could be categorized into four different ranks.

The first would be Kingdom Heirlooms. Just as its name implied, it was a treasure once owned by a kingdom of God’s Domain. First-rate Guilds would fight tooth and nail for just one Kingdom Heirloom. In the past, there was even a Super Guild that had offered up a city with a population of over a million players in exchange for a Kingdom Heirloom. From this, one could just imagine the value of a Kingdom Heirloom.

Back then, although Shadow had become a second-rate Guild and controlled ten city states, it did not even possess the qualifications to compete over a Kingdom Heirloom.

Meanwhile, one rank above Kingdom Heirlooms were Imperial Heirlooms.

An Imperial Heirloom was an Heirloom left behind by a fallen empire of God’s Domain. Normally, the wealth of an empire was at least three to five times greater than that of a kingdom. The value of an Imperial Heirloom, naturally, was proportional.

In the past, a small unrated Guild called Thunder Family had taken less than a year to develop into a first-rate Guild. Back then, Thunder Family had shocked the entire God’s Domain.

In terms of experts or financial power, Thunder Family had possessed neither. Yet, it had still managed to develop into a first-rate Guild in such a short amount of time. How could such a feat not shock others? Only after many different parties investigated the Guild did they find out the secret behind Thunder Family’s success.

It turned out that Thunder Family had accidentally encountered an item called an Imperial Heirloom, and the Guild had secretly developed itself at a rapid pace through this Imperial Heirloom. Thus, Thunder Family had managed to become one of the overlords of God’s Domain in less than just a year.

From then on, everyone started searching for Heirlooms out in the fields. Many wars were waged in God’s Domain because of Heirlooms, and many Guilds were completely annihilated because of Heirlooms...

In addition to Imperial Heirlooms, there were Continental Heirlooms, which were one rank higher, as well as World Heirlooms, which were the highest-ranking Heirlooms in God’s Domain. However, the last two Heirlooms were only mentioned in the libraries of God’s Domain. As far as Shi Feng knew, nobody had come upon either one in his previous life. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Now that there was an Imperial Heirloom in his bag, how could Shi Feng not be excited?

Even as a reincarnator, Shi Feng had to carefully plan, make countless preparations, encounter many miracles, and nurture a large number of experts in order to establish his very own virtual empire. Meanwhile, just a single Imperial Heirloom had allowed a small Guild to grow into a first-rate Guild in less than a year, becoming the owner of a real empire.

As for what treasures were hidden within an Imperial Heirloom, Shi Feng was completely ignorant. After things got out of hand in the past, any who obtained an Imperial Heirloom would put a tight lid on it, keeping all information about it a secret.

In this life, Shi Feng would naturally also keep quiet about his possession of an Imperial Heirloom. Hence, he immediately suppressed his excited heart as he considered where to carefully research the Imperial Heirloom.

After he was done organizing his bag, he made his way stealthily to the Starstreak Trading Firm and entered one of the forging rooms on the fourth floor.

At this moment, the Starstreak Trading Firm had already become the number one trading firm in White River City. The variety of items sold at its shop was matchless. As long as it was something the current players of God’s Domain needed, the trading firm would sell it. Therefore, players who visited the Starstreak Trading Firm would have no need to visit any other shop. The trading firm’s business was thriving, raking in large sums of money daily. Although many Guilds had sought cooperation with the trading firm, all were promptly rejected by the firm’s manager, Anna.

Shi Feng had picked an unoccupied forging room at random and entered it.

“I’m interested to see just what sort of secret is contained within an Imperial Heirloom,” Shi Feng muttered as he retrieved the golden stone tablet from his bag and carefully placed it on the stone platform.

Other than being named an Imperial Heirloom, the golden stone tablet revealed no other information. Shi Feng was also clueless as to how he should operate an Imperial Heirloom, so he had no choice but to slowly experiment with it.

There were many drawings and runes engraved on the stone tablet. However, Shi Feng could not understand a single one of them.

He quickly spent over half an hour researching the Imperial Heirloom. But no matter what sort of methods he used, he failed to find even a clue to how to activate it.

Despite the mountain of gold placed right in front of him, without the activation key, he could only stare helplessly at the Imperial Heirloom.

“Thunder Family from back then was able to discover the secret of the Imperial Treasure, so why can’t I?” Frustrated, Shi Feng played around with the golden stone tablet in his hands. “Is there still some other secret to the Imperial Heirloom?”

It sounded logical when he thought about it.

How could a great treasure capable of allowing an empire to thrive be so easily obtainable by players? If the activation of the Imperial Heirloom were a quest, then the difficulty of this quest should be Legendary rank.

A Legendary Quest was definitely not something players could easily complete. Let alone a Legendary Quest, right now, Shi Feng already had a huge headache over just an Epic Quest.

I can only set it aside for now. I might encounter some clues in the future, Shi Feng thought optimistically.

Everything was bound to be difficult at the beginning. With the Imperial Heirloom now in his hands, what he needed to do next was to inquire around about it. There was bound to be a solution.

Shi Feng then stored the Imperial Heirloom and piled up the large amount of Starfire Ore he had on the floor.

During this period of time, Zero Wing had harvested over 20,000 pieces of Starfire Ore. If sold at a price of 1 Silver per piece, the total value of all this Starfire Ore would be over 200 Gold Coins. However, Shi Feng was going to convert them all into Starfire Essence right now.

Originally, if players wished to refine Starfire Ore, they needed to hire an Alchemist to refine the ore for them. Just a single refinement cost 1 Silver Coin. Moreover, the production of Starfire Essence was not guaranteed. However, there was a large possibility of obtaining one piece of Starfire Essence out of two pieces of ore. As a result, the market value of Starfire Essence was usually set at 4 Silver Coins per piece.

Shi Feng, however, did not seek the services of an Alchemist.

After all, the Philosopher’s Stone he possessed was much more powerful than any Alchemist. In addition, not only did he not need to spend a single Coin when using the Philosopher’s Stone to refine Starfire Ore, but his odds of producing Starfire Essence were also much higher than those of NPC Master Alchemists.

Following which, Shi Feng started refining the Starfire Ore.

One piece... Two pieces...

The refining speed of the Philosopher’s Stone was very fast. In just a moment, Shi Feng had already refined 100 pieces of Starfire Ore and obtained 83 pieces of Starfire Essence.

[Starfire Essence] (Consumable)

Increases success rate of forging if added during forging process. In addition, the more Starfire Essence added, the higher the success rate.

“The refinement rate is good as expected.” When Shi Feng looked at the sparkling red gems scattered across the stone platform, an indescribable sense of joy filled his heart.

The Philosopher’s Stone was definitely worthy of being called a treasure of alchemy. By using it to refine all the Starfire Ore he had, he could save over 200 Gold Coins.

Time passed little by little.

Before he knew it, Shi Feng had spent more than seven hours refining all the Starfire Ore he had. In total, he had obtained 18,000-odd pieces of Starfire Essence. If converted to Coins, the value of these Starfire Essences would be worth over 720 Gold.

In just seven hours, Shi Feng had more than tripled the original value of the Starfire Ore...

“I can finally start forging now.” Although Shi Feng had spent in excess of seven hours repeating the same task over and over, he did not feel bored or tired. On the contrary, he was filled with excitement right now. Just the thought of being able to mass-produce the Dragonscale Set Equipment thrilled him greatly. If he let the members of the Guild equip the set and take a stroll out in the city, the uniform equipment would definitely earn the envy and admiration of players all over White River City.