Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 472 - Massive Profits

Rare items were expensive.

Although Shi Feng had over a hundred copies of the Dragonscale Set Equipment, if he wished to sell them at a good price, he could not sell too many at once; he needed to regulate the number of sets he sold.

Currently, the six sets he had actioned would not sate these Guilds’ thirst. Even if he tripled or quadrupled that number, the price they were willing to pay would not decrease. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

However, Shi Feng would not do so. Six sets were the limit. If he sold any more, it would lead to everyone to believe that the Dragonscale Set Equipment was easily obtainable. If he tried to sell it later, it would become impossible to get a good price.

Although Shi Feng had produced over a hundred sets of Dragonscale Set Equipment, they were not cheap to forge.

Aside from the basic materials, each set piece required 10 Starfire Essences. One Dragonscale Set Equipment cost more than 10 Gold to produce. After factoring in the forging success rate, a single Dragonscale Set Equipment cost 30 Gold. If anyone else forged the set, it would cost them over 100 Gold. Naturally, Shi Feng could not sell the Dragonscale Set Equipment for a low price.

Despite Shi Feng stating that he did not have another Dragonscale Set Equipment on him, none of the various Guild representatives believed him.

Shi Feng had been able to reveal six sets in a row. No matter how one looked at it, Shi Feng must have found a special channel to obtain the Dragonscale Set Equipment. Unfortunately, only he knew his source.

However, they could do nothing if Shi Feng insisted that he had run out of stock. Many of the representatives who had failed to purchase a set for themselves struggled with their reluctance to accept the situation.

On the other hand, Aqua Rose’s appearance had incited a heated discussion. The crowd was quite curious about the Guild behind Aqua Rose. Even first-rate Guilds like theirs had to hesitate before finally deciding to bid for the Dragonscale Set Equipment, their hearts aching at the expense. The Guild behind Aqua Rose, on the other hand, was actually willing to spend so much Gold just to purchase a Dragonscale Set Equipment. It was really surprising.

After the auction concluded, Shi Feng did not linger in the restaurant. Instead, he left and searched for a hotel to rest and change his appearance using the Demon Mask once again.

Sure enough, there are quite a number of people following me. Shi Feng glanced at the players inside the hotel’s lobby. The moment he came downstairs, these players had promptly turned to look at him.

No matter what was said or done, the Dragonscale Set Equipment was a Level 20 Fine-Gold Set Equipment. The various Guilds’ desire for the Dragonscale Set Equipment was self-evident.

Even if he did not sell the set in bulk, it difficult to avoid attracting attention.

These Guilds would naturally try to discover the origin of the Dragonscale Set Equipment. If these Guilds learned that the Dragonscale Set Equipment originated from Zero Wing, Zero Wing would become a target. It was already troublesome enough dealing with one Overwhelming Smile. If other first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds joined the fray, Zero Wing would be cut off from its path of survival.

Currently, unlike other Guilds that branched out to various cities and kingdoms, Zero Wing developed itself solely in White River City. In general, the Guild was only famous in Star-Moon Kingdom. Outside of Star-Moon Kingdom, it was simply another unknown Guild.

To these first-rate Guilds and Super Guilds in Blackwing City, Zero Wing was not even a speck of dust; it was not worthy of their attention in the least. No lion recognized the ants beneath its feet.

Shi Feng could cope in White River City while facing one Overwhelming Smile. However, Zero Wing would end up in an extremely precarious situation should the many large Guilds present move against it.

This was also why Shi Feng had called Aqua Rose.

The first reason was to hike up the price of the Dragonscale Set Equipment. The second was to avoid attracting these large Guilds’ suspicion when the set appeared in Zero Wing.

You guys have fun waiting here, then.

Shi Feng smiled faintly as he left the hotel. From the moment he entered the lobby to the moment he left, none of the trackers paid him any mind.

After leaving the hotel, Shi Feng immediately hailed a horse carriage and rode it to the Blackwing Auction House.

Other than holding the weekly large-scale auctions, the Blackwing Auction House was also a hub for players to sell their items. However, the items sold here were only available through the Blackwing Auction House; these items would not be available elsewhere.

Although the sales scope was very narrow, Blackwing City’s main role was to act as a trade hub. Guilds and players from various kingdoms and empires preferred to sell their items in the Blackwing Auction House, as it was far more lucrative to sell them here than it was to use their respective Auction Houses.

Upon his arrival at the Blackwing Auction House, Shi Feng placed 80 sets of the Dragonscale Set Equipment up for sale without hesitation. He sold the sets in batches, selling only two or three sets at a time at intervals of around one hour. Meanwhile, the starting bid he set was 200 Gold.

After Shi Feng finished his tasks, he left Blackwing City.

However, shortly after Shi Feng’s departure...

The Blackwing Auction House exploded.

“It’s actually the Dragonscale Set Equipment!”

“It can’t be, right? Someone is actually selling the Dragonscale Set Equipment on the Auction House!”

“The price is high! That person set the starting price at 200 Gold!”

Players who frequented the Blackwing Auction House drooled when they saw the Dragonscale Set Equipment. Who knew how many items they had to sell to afford the price-tag of this set equipment.

News of the situation swiftly spread throughout Blackwing City.

Previously, due to Shi Feng auctioning the Dragonscale Set Equipment, information regarding the set had long since flowed between the various large Guilds. Moreover, the fact that the three Super Guilds had each purchased a Dragonscale Set Equipment had placed a significant amount of pressure on the first-rate Guilds, increasing their desire to own one for themselves. However, since Shi Feng no longer sold the sets, they could only dream of owning one. Now that they had received news of more sets being available, they had to compete for them.

For a time, the Dragonscale Set Equipment’s price increased rapidly.

In a short moment, the bids had risen from 200 Gold to 280 Gold.

In the end, the first three sets of Dragonscale Set Equipment in the Blackwing Auction House had sold for 316 Gold, 324 Gold, and 328 Gold. In an instant, Shi Feng had made a massive profit.

However, Shi Feng knew that this was only the beginning. The competition between the various large Guilds was intense. It was of utmost importance to have a strong MT. Although the Dragonscale Set Equipment was not particularly suitable for MTs, the set effects could increase an MT’s strength significantly. This alone was enough to drive the large Guilds crazy over the set. Hence, the price of the Dragonscale Set Equipment would only increase from this point forward.

Meanwhile, all of these Gold Coins secretly flowed into Shi Feng’s pockets with none the wiser.

The speed at which he currently earned money far surpassed the Starstreak Trading Firm. However, this could not be helped. The Starstreak Trading Firm’s scope of operations was limited to White River City and the few surrounding cities. Meanwhile, Blackwing City catered to players across all of God’s Domain. Even a dozen Starstreak Trading Firms could not compare to the Blackwing Auction House.

---

During Shi Feng’s visit to Blackwing City, Overwhelming Smile had not sat idle. The slightly over 100 mysterious experts had suddenly increased to more than 200. Although these mysterious experts had slaughtered Zero Wing’s members, Zero Wing was no pushover, either. The Guild’s 50-plus Tier 1 experts had similarly caused a significant amount of trouble for Overwhelming Smile. The experts of both sides had suffered some losses. However, as Zero Wing had fewer members on their side, it began to fall behind.

For a time, the Level 20 maps around White River City had become the battlefield for the two Guilds. This had frightened other players, and nobody dared go anywhere near these battlefields.

In just a few hours, both sides had suffered over a thousand deaths. The Gold Coins each Guild had to spend was also shocking.

Each Guild would, most likely, have to spend over 500 Gold a day.

“Is Overwhelming Smile aiming for a swift conclusion?” Shi Feng was confused, and he frowned deeply when he saw the death count of both Guilds.