Chapter 481 - Flowing Water Acceleration

Fifth Ghost and Sixth Ghost immediately detected the sudden change in Shi Feng, and the two Ghosts promptly distanced themselves from their target.

As experts of God’s Domain, their perception of danger was far superior to ordinary players’.

On the other hand, the dazed players watching Shi Feng’s battle were confused by the two Ghosts’ actions.

There were no visible changes to Shi Feng’s outer appearance, and neither were there any changes to his Attributes. So, why did Fifth Ghost and Sixth Ghost suddenly choose to back away from him?

“Was it just my imagination?”

Fifth Ghost somewhat doubted his own senses. He could not understand why Shi Feng would suddenly undergo such a drastic change.

Originally, the pressure Fifth Ghost felt from Shi Feng was that of a tiger. However, in the blink of an eye, Shi Feng had transformed into a violent dragon. Moreover, it was a violent dragon with extremely sharp fangs and claws.

Let alone them, even ordinary people would know to distance themselves from Shi Feng upon sensing such a radical difference.

“Since you guys aren’t going to take action, then don’t mind if I do,” Shi Feng said as he revealed a meaningful smile. He then raised his sword and slowly approached his two opponents.

The Refinement Realm could be said to be what differentiated a true top-tier expert from an ordinary expert. As for players who set foot into the Refinement Realm, not one of them was not an expert who could single-handedly turn the tides of a battle.

Once players entered the Refinement Realm, they would be able to exert the minimum amount of strength to achieve the maximum effect. This was especially notable when players were attacking or dodging. Despite the opponent’s speed greatly surpassing their own, players in the Refinement Realm could easily dodge their opponent’s attack using the simplest of movements. Not only could they dodge with greater efficiency, but they could also take the opportunity to better detect their enemy’s weaknesses, to give their enemy a fatal blow.

Due to this reason, the Refinement Realm became the dividing line for true experts.

Meanwhile, there was an even higher realm above Refinement, and that was the Flowing Water Realm. Through detailed observation of the opponent, players could place themselves in their opponent’s position in order to understand their opponent’s every action. They could then anticipate their opponent’s next action, or even multiple subsequent actions, and make the most appropriate response.

In other words, before their opponent had even taken action, players in the Flowing Water Realm could have already known what their opponents were going to do next and carried out appropriate countermeasures. Compared to responding only after the opponent had begun taking action, players would have a lot more time to react and perform swifter and more precise actions. Hence, for Shi Feng, who had already seen through the coordinated attacks of Fifth Ghost and Sixth Ghost, it was very easy for him to dodge and react to his two opponents’ attacks.

When Shi Feng slowly approached Fifth Ghost and Sixth Ghost, the two Ghosts unconsciously began backing away as well.

Looking at this scene where one side was advancing while the other was retreating, the surrounding spectators were stupefied. In particular, the Underworld Guards’ jaws nearly fell to the ground upon witnessing this scene.

The Seven Ghosts were Underworld’s most formidable weapons. Yet, the two Ghosts before them were actually displaying cowardice right now. How could this be any more inconceivable?

Meanwhile, Shi Feng also wore a helpless expression on his face as he took in this situation. He promptly fished a bottle of Haunted from his bag and drank it. He then used Wind Blade on Fifth Ghost, his body transforming into an afterimage. In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng appeared in front of Fifth Ghost and swung the Abyssal Blade at the other Swordsman.

Shi Feng’s slash was unimaginably fast.

The spectating crowd only saw a flash of black light; they could not make out Shi Feng’s sword at all.

So fast! Fifth Ghost was greatly alarmed. It was definitely impossible for him to dodge Shi Feng’s attack. However, with his godlike reaction speed, Fifth Ghost still managed to react before Shi Feng’s sword landed on his body, instinctively using Triple Cut to block this fleeting sword.

Dang!

Sparks scattered into the surroundings. At the moment of imminent peril, Fifth Ghost succeeded in blocking Shi Feng’s attack with the sword in his hand. As a result of the impact, however, Fifth Ghost was forced to retreat numerous steps before he could stabilize his body. His entire hand also numbed from the impact.

“How could this be? This is Triple Cut?”

Fifth Ghost and Sixth Ghost both looked at Shi Feng with horror-filled expressions, as they were extremely familiar with Shi Feng’s previous attack.

Triple Cut was an advanced technique that they had trained in bitterly in order to grasp. At this moment, however, Shi Feng had actually effortlessly used that technique against them. How could they not be shocked?

So there’s such an effect as well. Shi Feng looked at the Abyssal Blade in his hand, similarly surprised.

Just now, he had taken advantage of the pressure Fifth Ghost and Sixth Ghost had placed on him to enter the Flowing Water Realm. However, he had not expected that, after he entered the Flowing Water Realm, his attack would also receive such a boost.

Originally, he had relied on eliminating excess actions in order to increase the speed of his attacks. At this moment, however, maybe because his control over his body had received a huge improvement, the instant he attacked, he was able to apply all his physical power into that single slash. As a result, not only were there no excess movements in his attack, but his attack had also received a huge acceleration, which allowed his sword to reach its maximum speed in the shortest amount of time possible.

Taking Fifth Ghost as example, if the initial acceleration of Fifth Ghost’s sword was counted as 100 and his sword’s maximum speed as 20, then from the moment he started swinging his sword, he would need 0.2 second for his sword reach its maximum speed. As for Shi Feng, his current initial acceleration would be 200. If his maximum speed was similarly 20, then he required only 0.1 second to reach his maximum speed. Hence, his sword could reach his target much faster than Fifth Ghost’s.

However, this was assuming both sides possessed the same maximum speed. In reality, as Shi Feng’s Attributes were much higher, his maximum speed was a lot higher than Fifth Ghost’s and Sixth Ghost’s.

Thinking up to this point, Shi Feng could not help but grow excited. Hoping to find the feeling from before, Shi Feng stepped forward and launched a fierce assault on Fifth Ghost once more.

Streaks of black light suddenly appeared before promptly disappearing. Fifth Ghost was forced to go all out to defend against the attacks. However, no matter how hard he tried to defend himself, the attacks were simply too overwhelming, forcing him into a constant retreat.

Seeing this situation, Sixth Ghost hurriedly charged forward to aid his companion.

Immediately, he used Triple Cut, slashing his saber at Shi Feng’s back. Originally, with Shi Feng’s speed, it had simply been impossible for him to block the attack. However, Sixth Ghost suddenly saw a streak of black light emerge behind Shi Feng, the black light deflecting his attack completely.

“Just what is going on here?” Sixth Ghost looked at Shi Feng’s calm expression in abject horror.

At the beginning of the fight, Shi Feng had been desperately trying to defend against his saber. Now, however, Shi Feng could effortlessly block his attacks without even turning his head around...

During the brief moment Sixth Ghost was in a daze, a streak of black light penetrated Fifth Ghost’s defenses, piercing right through the Swordsman’s heart. A critical damage of over -3,000 points promptly appeared above his head as the massive impact sent his body flying backwards. Because of the impact, Fifth Ghost’s defense crumbled, allowing several more streaks of black light to land on his body.

In the blink of an eye, Fifth Ghost’s HP reached zero. At Fifth Ghost’s death, the equipment on his body and the items in his bag dropped and scattered across the ground around him.

This scene stupefied everyone present. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

How was the thing in Shi Feng’s hand a sword? That was practically a laser gun! With just a few shots, Fifth Ghost died without even being able to resist.

Only now did Sixth Ghost finally react. Although he wished to help, he was already too late. Right then, Shi Feng used Void Steps and disappeared once more.

“Don’t think that you can easily do me in!” Sixth Ghost bellowed as he used Whirlwind Slash, sweeping his battle saber around himself.

In the next moment, however, a streak of black light shot at Sixth Ghost’s weapon.

Boom!

Sixth Ghost’s battle saber was abruptly stopped cold. Immediately after, another streak of black light pierced Sixth Ghost’s body, instantly ending the Berserker’s life. Once more, equipment and items were scattered across the ground.

The members of the Underworld Guards shivered and paled at the sight of Fifth Ghost’s and Sixth Ghost’s bodies lying on the ground. They promptly turned around and fled.

As Underworld Guards, they knew full well just how powerful the two Ghosts were.

Working together, the two of them could easily annihilate four or five Underworld Guard parties. Meanwhile, the fact that Shi Feng succeeded in defeating the two Ghosts all by himself showed that he was also fully capable of annihilating their two parties. If they did not escape, only death awaited them.

“Want to escape? Too late!”

Shi Feng immediately changed the Aura of Space to the Aura of Wind, increasing his Movement Speed greatly. He caught up with the fleeing Underworld Guards in no time, and just like a whirlwind sweeping away the clouds, he practically killed each Underworld Guard with just one hit.

In the blink of an eye, the ten remaining Underworld Guards were turned into a pile of corpses, their equipment and the items inside their bags scattering all over the ground around their corpses.