Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 492 - Plundering Resources

With a clear moon and few stars, it was already night time in God’s Domain.

As the number one city of Star-Moon Kingdom, Star-Moon City had brilliantly lit streets at this time. Magic lights illuminated the streets all around, making the entire Star-Moon City seem as bright as day.

“As expected of Star-Moon City, the population here is not something a regional capital like White River City could ever hope to match up to.” Shi Feng could not help but sigh as he waded through the sea of players crowding the streets.

Now that players were higher leveled, many could afford the teleportation fee to travel to Star-Moon City.

At this moment, Star-Moon City’s player population was nearly five million—two million more than White River City’s. If one could take control of Star-Moon City, it would significantly improve a Guild’s development speed; the impact on a Guild would be even better than having control of four or five smaller cities.

In addition, the available resources in the vicinity of Star-Moon City were very abundant. Hence, all powers staying within the capital city were a mix of both strong and weak. Other than the three first-rate Guilds that had set Star-Moon Kingdom as their main base of operations, first-rate Guilds of other kingdoms and empires also had a presence in Star-Moon City. Plenty of second-rate Guilds were also taking root and developing themselves here. As a result, the competition at Star-Moon City was extremely intense, and in this aspect, White River City was far from comparable. Even the average level of ordinary players here was much higher than at White River City.

Before long, Shi Feng arrived at Star-Moon City’s City Hall via horse carriage.

When Shi Feng got there, a majestic and powerful-looking man was standing outside the entrance of the building. This man was none other than the Ghost Raider, Lifeless Blade.

At this moment, Lifeless Blade was already Level 26, not one bit inferior to Shi Feng.

Initially, Lifeless Blade was stunned upon seeing Shi Feng, but he soon revealed a bitter smile. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Although Shi Feng’s outward appearance had not changed by much since the last time they met, inwardly, however, the gap was like the distance between heaven and earth. The last time he met Shi Feng, the latter gave the impression of being very ordinary, that there was nothing special about him at all. On the other hand, Shi Feng’s every action right now had an indescribable sense of naturalness. The pressure Shi Feng radiated made Lifeless Blade feel as if he was facing a Lord ranked monster right now.

The last time Lifeless Blade met Shi Feng, he had learned a lot from the discussion he had with Shi Feng on combat techniques. Moreover, the latter had even provided him with plenty of quests that raised one’s Reputation, allowing his Reputation to swiftly reach the status of a Noble, which afforded many conveniences for his team’s development. Lifeless Blade was only where he was right now due to Shi Feng’s help. Hence, he felt immense gratitude towards Shi Feng.

During this period, Lifeless Blade had raided plenty of Team Dungeons. He had even raided Hell Mode Team Dungeons. There were also countless instances where he participated in Field PvPs. If he were to speak for himself, he would say that his strength had improved plenty since his last meeting with Shi Feng. However, compared to Shi Feng, his improvements paled significantly.

“Brother Ye Feng, I’ve already completed the task you requested,” Lifeless Blade stated when he saw Shi Feng approaching. In a somewhat worried tone, he continued, “But, Brother Ye Feng, that plot of Land you want is simply too far away from the high-traffic areas of the city. You will only make a loss by purchasing the Land there. With the same amount of money, you can easily purchase a plot of Land in the high-traffic areas of the city. This is really not a profitable purchase.”

“No worries, I prefer a place that is somewhat peaceful,” Shi Feng laughed.

Star-Moon City was extremely large. There was also quite a lot of Land available inside the city. However, the prices of the Land here were not one bit cheaper than in White River City at all. Even an ordinary plot of Land had a minimum price of 2,000 Gold. With this sum of money, one could purchase a relatively good plot of Land in White River City already. Meanwhile, the Land situated around the central district of Star-Moon City had a price tag of at least 6,000 Gold, whereas Land in the golden areas of the city cost 14,000 Gold at a minimum; the prices here were more than double those of White River City.

However, precisely because of this reason, the Guilds based in Star-Moon City had a constant headache.

There was no meaning in purchasing a useless plot of Land for more than 2,000 Gold. However, not to mention the Land in the golden areas, even accumulating 6,000 Gold required a lot of time and effort. Hence, practically nobody was paying attention to the Land within the capital right now.

However, the many Guilds in Star-Moon City had neglected a point.

Since the Land of the capital city was so expensive, wouldn’t the Guilds developing at the capital city at the initial stages of the game suffer immensely?

Not to mention the expensive Land, but there was also the high difficulty of earning Reputation in Star-Moon City. No matter how one looked at the situation, Guilds that were developing themselves in the capital city would be at a disadvantage during the early stages of the game. In reality, however, that was not the case. It was only because everyone had yet to deepen their understanding of the Commercial Lands of Star-Moon City.

Only after some time had passed would everyone come to realize that some ordinary plots of Land in Star-Moon City were actually much better than Land in the central district, and these were the Lands surrounding certain special buildings.

Star-Moon City was the core of Star-Moon Kingdom, and many powerful high-tiered NPCs were gathered here. There were even many establishments here that were unavailable in other cities. Although these establishments were not as popular as the Auction House, Bank, and such locations, the player traffic at these locations still greatly surpassed that of many of the Lands located in the central district.

In the past, many Guilds and players who were lucky enough to purchase these plots of Land had made themselves a fortune through them.

Meanwhile, the plot of Land Shi Feng was planning to purchase right now was precisely located beside one of these unique establishments—the Underground Arena.

Although only a small number of players frequented the Underground Arena at the moment, that traffic would increase, along with the growth in popularity of arena matches. In particular, players from other cities and countries would often visit Star-Moon City, boosting the player traffic here to an even more frightening level.

Shi Feng truly wished he could purchase every plot of Land surrounding the Underground Arena. Unfortunately, he no longer had that much money on him right now...

“Forget it. It’s your money anyway.” Lifeless Blade shook his head and sighed.

Including the ownership transfer fees, the plot of Land Shi Feng had set his eyes on cost nearly 3,000 Gold. That was enough money to purchase a relatively good plot of Land close to the central district.

Following which, Lifeless Blade led Shi Feng into the City Hall and carried out the purchase and transfer procedures.

After ten minutes or so, Shi Feng had obtained the best plot of Land close to the Underground Arena. Moreover, he had also spent over 1,000 Gold to construct the best available Shop there, and had even hired fifteen Advanced NPCs to manage the daily affairs of the Shop.

Witnessing how Shi Feng had spent close to 4,000 Gold Coins so casually nearly shut down Lifeless Blade’s brain. This was his first time seeing a spendthrift like Shi Feng. Not only had Shi Feng wasted his money on an ordinary plot of Land, but he had even spent over 1,000 Gold to construct the best available Shop.

In Star-Moon City, Lifeless Blade’s team could be considered extremely wealthy. Yet, even so, their liquid assets only amounted to dozens of Gold.

Even a first-rate Guild could not easily take out 1,000 Gold. Yet, Shi Feng had spent it casually, as if he was buying vegetables at a market...

At this point, Lifeless Blade had even begun to wonder whether Zero Wing, the guild behind Shi Feng, was manufacturing Gold Coins.

In the face of Lifeless Blade’s stunned reaction, Shi Feng simply gave the man a smile. He did not bother giving any explanations.

Now that he had established a branch of Candlelight Trading Firm on this plot of Land, he had the foundation to begin plundering the resources of Star-Moon City. As long as he sold the Strengthened Armor Kits here in limited quantities, the players here who needed these items would end up heading over to White River City’s Candlelight Trading Firm to purchase them when the local supply ran out.

With this, Shi Feng could secretly steal the player population of Star-Moon City. Over time, the players of Star-Moon City would become White River City’s.

By the time the Guilds competing over Star-Moon City realize their situation, everything would be too late.

Afterward, Shi Feng discussed matters relating to Star-Moon City’s situation with Lifeless Blade. He then logged out of the game to rest as he patiently awaited the completion of Candlelight Trading Firm’s construction.