Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 504 - Tier 1 Set Equipment

In God’s Domain, one could obtain a wide variety of items from the Twilight Treasure Chest. However, the chance of obtaining good equipment was incredibly small.

As for set equipment, don’t even think about it.

Yet, the armor called Yin-Yang Walker before Shi Feng was indeed a part of a set equipment.

For a moment, Shi Feng even questioned his own vision.

If it were any other set equipment, at most, Shi Feng’s good luck would have surprised him. However, the Yin-Yang Walker was different. It was a special set equipment just like the Warfire Set Equipment.

However, if Shi Feng had to decide which set was better, without a doubt, it would be the Yin-Yang Walker Set Equipment before him.

Although the Warfire Set Equipment could be upgraded to Fine-Gold Rank, the Yin-Yang Walker was a Tier 1 Set Equipment.

A Tier 1 Set Equipment was an exclusive set for Tier 1 classes. Although it had no grade, its boost to a Tier 1 player’s combat power even surpassed Dark-Gold Set Equipment. However, a Tier 1 Set Equipment also possessed heavy restrictions as only designated classes could use it. Moreover, the set would bind to a player when equipped, and it could neither be dropped nor traded. However, it could be destroyed if its Durability reached zero. Moreover, the repair fees for a Tier 1 Set Equipment could rival those of Epic ranked weapons and equipment.

Despite having so many restrictions, a majority of the experts in God’s Domain loved these sets.

However, it was extremely difficult to obtain a Tier 1 Set Equipment, as only Level 20 or higher Great Lords had a chance to drop them. Both Great Lords in the fields and in Dungeons had the same drop-rate. Tier 1 Set Equipment was also known as the best set equipment, other than Epic Set Equipment, available for Tier 1 players. It truly lived up to its name. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The minimum level of a Tier 1 Set Equipment was Level 20, and its Attributes would increase alongside the player’s level to Level 50, which was when players could Class Change from a Tier 1 class to a Tier 2 class. If a player had a Tier 1 Set Equipment when they carried out their Tier 2 Class Change Quest, the quest would undoubtedly be easier to complete.

Shi Feng then appraised the Yin-Yang Walker’s chestplate.

[Yin-Yang Walker Set Equipment]

Level 20 - Level 50

Equipment Requirement: Tier 1 Guardian Knight

Set consists of five parts: head, chest, hands, legs, and feet.

Binds when equipped.

Set effect

Two-piece effect: Defend skill increased by 3 Levels, Defense increased by 10%, damage received reduced by 15%, and healing received increased by 15%.

Four-piece effect: Endurance increased by 15%, and Strength increased by 10%. Obtain Yin-Yang Shield skill: Cast a magic shield on yourself, reducing all magic damage received by 60% and gaining immunity to all control effects for 15 seconds. Cooldown: 2 minutes.

Five-piece effect: Receive one stack of Yin-Yang Energy every time damage is received. After 30 stacks, Yin-Yang Power skill can be activated: Hatred increased by 100%, all attacks deal holy damage, all Guardian Knight skill effects increased by 50%, and all Attributes increased by 15% for 24 seconds. Cooldown: 5 minutes.

If I can gather the complete set and give it to a Tier 1 Guardian Knight, tanking Bosses in large-scale Team Dungeons will be a breeze. Shi Feng inwardly sighed as he read the Yin-Yang Walker’s set effects.

Obtaining even a single piece from the Twilight Treasure Chest was already nearly impossible. Trying to obtain the complete set would be a miracle.

“The effect of having 25 Luck is better than I expected.” Shi Feng was utterly satisfied. He then looked at the large number of Twilight Treasure Chests in his bag, chuckling, “With so many Twilight Treasure Chests, I refuse to believe that Divine Providence won’t net me any other good items.”

Shi Feng had already decided. As soon as the Cooldown of Divine Providence completed, he would use it to open the treasure chests. With more than 700 Twilight Treasure Chests, even if he could not earn back the cost of all the Herbs he had bought, he would not suffer too huge of a loss, either.

Soon, Shi Feng collected the remaining items from the treasure chests and stored them in his bag.

Other than the Yin-Yang Walker, the nine Twilight Treasure Chests only yielded ordinary items. Shi Feng had only obtained a few Silver Coins and some rare materials, as well as a forging design to create the Light Stone. Although it was a forging design, it wasn’t very valuable; it was not worth even 30 Silver.

This was because the Light Stone Forging Design was quite common. It had a chance to drop from any Level 40 or above Maps.

However, God’s Domain’s current players were very much in need of Light Stones.

The Light Stone was a consumable item that could illuminate a certain area as if it were daytime. In the darkness of night, any monsters caught within the Light Stone’s radius would lose their night-time advantages. The item allowed players to grind monsters freely and level up during the night.

To players who wished to level up quickly, even the darkest night was a time to level up.

Light Stones were practically necessary for players out in the fields, hence why the drop-rate for the item’s forging design was relatively high. Only, players would find it very difficult to obtain the forging design at their current levels.

“Light Stone?” A light flashed in Shi Feng’s eyes. He felt that this was a good opportunity to make a fortune.

As long as he sold them, the Light Stones would be well-received.

Currently, the Candlelight Trading Firm relied on the Strengthened Armor Kits to draw customers from the Starstreak Trading Firm. If he added Light Stones to the Firm’s available products, it would definitely boost the Firm’s competitive edge.

Light Stones were easy to produce. Moreover, the materials it required consisted of cheap and common items such as Advanced Stones and Magic Essences. Hence, Light Stones were easily affordable by the majority of the players, unlike the expensive Strengthened Armor Kits that only a small number of players could afford.

In addition, there were only three people producing the Strengthened Armor Kits right now, and their success rates were only at 30%. It was not enough to satisfy the demand of so many players. As for Light Stones, even an Advanced Forging Apprentice’s success rate would be higher than 30%. Only, the Light Stone Forging Design was not something players below Level 30 could obtain.

If Shi Feng could acquire a large number of Light Stone Forging Designs, the Candlelight Trading Firm could take Star-Moon Kingdom’s entire market by storm. The Candlelight Trading Firm had plenty of Advanced Forging Apprentices. As long as they had a sufficient number of forging designs, they could mass-produce the Light Stones. Not only could they supply the players from White River City and Star-Moon City, but they could also provide an endless supply to other cities as well.

At that time, even counting their money would become a laborious task.

“In any case, I have nothing better to do right now. I might as well grind for some Light Stone Forging Designs.”

Shi Feng grinned. Immediately, he recalled several maps suitable for grinding Light Stone Forging Designs. Although those maps were all Level 40 and above, Shi Feng had the Ignore Level effects provided by the Magic Weapon Abyssal Blade, the Dragonclaw Set Equipment, and the Golden Stigmata. Combined, he could ignore up to 45 Levels. In addition to Shi Feng’s own Level, he could take on a Level 70 monster should he choose to do so. Only, the Attributes of a Level 70 monster were a bit too powerful. Even if Shi Feng could damage these monsters, they could kill him with a single slap.

However, against monsters below Level 50, he could definitely make an attempt as long as they were not Chieftains or Lords.

Shi Feng then headed to Star-Moon City’s City Hall to purchase a valuable golden Land. While Shi Feng had focused on raising his Reputation, the Dragonscale Set Equipment he had placed in the Blackwing Auction House had finally sold out. In addition to the money Shi Feng had earned through the Candlelight Trading Firms, he now had over 20,000 Gold in his pockets.

Thus, Shi Feng decided to buy one of the plots of Land beside the Star-Moon Bank for 16,000 gold. However, as Shi Feng was a Viscount, he received a 10% discount on his purchase. Even after constructing a new branch of the Candlelight Trading Firm, he had not even spent a total of 16,000 Gold.

After he had finished his business in the City Hall, Shi Feng took a horse carriage to the Teleportation Hall and teleported to the Twin Tower Highlands, a Level 45 map with the highest drop-rate for Light Stone Forging Designs.