Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 507 - Explosive Power

Not only did the Towers of Death resemble a fortress, but there were also tens of thousands of monsters wandering inside their walls. It was simply impossible to infiltrate without a large team of more than a hundred players.

However, it was also why the Towers of Death were a good grinding spot.

Although the Common Monsters, the Hot-blooded Orc Warriors, behind the wall seemed to be covered in steel-like muscles, in reality, their strength was only an illusion; they were actually quite weak. Moreover, they were all melee monsters. As long as a team had several powerful AOE classes, the Towers of Death would become a leveling heaven.

[Hot-blooded Orc Warrior] (Orc, Common Monster)

Level 47

HP 30,000/30,000

To players of a similar Level, these Orc Warriors were very easy to deal with. To Shi Feng, who was only Level 26 right now, they were just as easy to defeat.

The only challenge was the fact that these Hot-blooded Warriors normally moved in groups of 100 or more, with an Elite-ranked Hot-blooded Orc Captain leading each company. The Orc Captains were much larger than their Common counterparts. They were fully protected by a suit of plate armor and wielded a war saber and large shield in each hand. Most importantly, these Orc Captains had an aura effect that could increase the Attack Speed and damage of nearby Hot-blooded Orc Warriors by 30%.

[Hot-blooded Orc Captain] (Orc, Elite Rank)

Level 48

HP 200,000/200,000

Even a 50-man team would struggle against such a company of Orcs. As for 20-man teams, they could only escape for their lives.

Teams that came to grind here would usually eliminate the Orc Captain first, sending several Assassins with high burst damage and a bombardment from the ranged attackers, getting rid of the Orc Captain in the shortest amount of time possible. That way, the Hot-blooded Orc Warriors would be fish in a barrel, easy to annihilate.

However, Shi Feng’s level was too low right now. It would be very difficult for him to charge into the group of Orcs and kill the Orc Captain swiftly, hence why Shi Feng had flown up to the ramparts.

The ramparts were very tall, and it would not be easy for one to reach the top quickly, especially Common Monsters like the Hot-blooded Orc Warriors. Monsters like them could only use the only staircase. Moreover, it was a long way from the bottom to the top of the stairs, and it would take the Orc Warriors quite some time to reach the top of the walls. The Orc Captain, however, was different. The Captain’s strength was impressive, and he could easily reach the top of the walls with just a few jumps.

In the past, many people had used this method to grind Orcs and level up.

After Shi Feng positioned himself on the rampart, he switched the Seven Luminaries Ring’s Aura of Wind to the Aura of Fire. Simultaneously, he activated the Ice-Blue Devil Flame, pale blue flames suddenly covering his entire body.

With the effects of the Aura of Fire and the Ice-Blue Devil Flame combined, his damage instantly increased by 60%. The combined effects were no weaker than when he activated a berserk skill. Moreover, these effects lasted indefinitely and had no side effects whatsoever.

He then took out the Blazing Meteor and threw it at a Hot-blooded Orc Warrior.

Xiu!

The Blazing Meteor streaked across the air like a shooting star, instantly striking at a Hot-blooded Orc Warrior who patrolled below the fortress walls.

-904.

Although there was no level suppression, a Level 47 monster was far superior to a Level 20-plus monster regarding both Defence and Attack Power. Shi Feng only had the Attributes of a Level 40 or so ordinary player; his damage was very limited.

“Intruder!” the Orc Warrior bellowed angrily as he turned towards Shi Feng on top of the wall.

Immediately, the entire company of Hot-blooded Orcs also discovered Shi Feng. However, as the wall was too large, they could only frantically dash towards one of the distant staircases.

The armored Hot-blooded Orc Captain, unlike his allies, simply bent his legs and jumped. In just a moment, the Orc Captain had jumped up to half the height of the wall. The Captain stabbed his saber into the sturdy wall. Using his saber as a foothold, the Captain jumped once again, reaching the top of the ramparts. His robust and powerful hand grabbed and tugged on the chain wrapped around his wrist. In the blink of an eye, the saber, which was connected to the chain, returned to the Orc Captain’s hand.

The entire process was smooth and only took an instant. The Orc Captain was like a martial arts expert who could walk on walls and fly through the eaves of buildings.

However, Shi Feng was not the slightest bit surprised by the Orc Captain’s actions. Elite monsters’ intelligence and combat techniques at this Level were not the slightest bit inferior to the professional fighters in real life. In some aspects, these Elite monsters were even more amazing than professional fighters.

The Hot-blooded Orc Captain looked at Shi Feng, who was 10 yards away, with a bloodthirsty fury in his crimson eyes. Raising his shield, he used Charge and dashed towards Shi Feng.

The Orc Captain was over two meters tall. With his mass and speed, he was like a small car rushing towards Shi Feng. One could just imagine the consequences of such a collision.

Without hesitation, Shi Feng activated Purgatory Power, raising his damage by another 30% and Attack Speed by 100%. He then dashed forward to meet the Orc Captain’s charge head-on.

Just as the Orc Captain was about to send Shi Feng into a Fainted state, at the moment between life and death, Shi Feng used Silent Steps. Not only had Shi Feng avoided the Fainted effect of the Orc Captain’s Charge, but he also managed to appear behind the Orc Captain.

“Die!” Shi Feng shouted. In the next moment, the Abyssal Blade and the Purgatory’s Shadow in Shi Feng’s hands released a powerful blinding light. The crimson flames that covered both swords caused the surrounding temperatures to soar.

Flame Burst!

Dazzling streaks of light shot out from Shi Feng’s hands, piercing the Hot-blooded Orc Captain’s armor.

The Orc Captain’s armor could stop neither the scorching heat of the flames nor the sharp edges of the swords. The blazing Abyssal Blade easily penetrated the sturdy armor, stabbing the Orc Captain’s vital point.

-9,120, -18,160, -9,234, -27,548...

Frightening damages appeared above the Hot-blooded Orc Captain’s head, one after another. In the blink of an eye, the Orc Captain had lost close to half of his HP.

The Orc Captain bellowed at the damage he received. Responding quickly, the Orc Captain used War Stomp, causing all enemies within a range of six yards to enter a Fainted state for three seconds.

However, Shi Feng, who had already grasped the Flowing Water Realm, had long since seen the Orc Captain’s intentions. The instant the Orc Captain lifted his leg, Shi Feng swung his sword.

Abyssal Bind!

When the Orc Captain’s feet were only several centimeters from the ground, nine pitch-black chains emerged from the ground and bound the Captain, restricting all of his movements.

Taking this opportunity, Shi Feng launched a barrage of attacks towards the Orc Captain. Due to Abyssal Bind reducing the Orc Captain’s Defense by 100%, Shi Feng’s Flame Burst skill became even more powerful. Now, each attack dealt around -20,000 damage, while double critical hits dealt around -40,000 damage.

Before Shi Feng could exhaust the twelve instances of Flame Burst, the Hot-blooded Orc Captain was already dead, dropping a few Silver Coins and a piece of equipment.

From beginning to end, Shi Feng took less than 4 seconds to kill the Hot-blooded Orc Captain.

Meanwhile, only now did the Hot-blooded Orc Warriors finish climbing the stairs, reaching the top of the rampart. However, there were still more than 60 yards between them.

After collecting the drops, Shi Feng used Skywheel Sword on the Orc Warriors who were 40 yards away from him. Golden divine swords descended from the sky, sealing the Hot-blooded Orc Warriors in a radius of 20 yards for four seconds. At the same time, the Orc Warriors each received over -4,000 damage, while some received close to -10,000 critical damage. With a single attack, the Hot-blooded Orc Warriors lost close to half of their 20,000 HP.

While the Hot-blooded Orc Warriors ceaselessly bellowed with anger, Shi Feng followed up his attack with Firestorm.

Suddenly, heavenly fire descended from the skies, annihilating the company of Orc Warriors. Items scattered across the ground around the Orc Warriors’ corpses.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng’s experience bar rose at a rate visible to the naked eye. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Shi Feng marveled at the dropped items on the ground. “Fragmented Legendary items and Epic items really are frightening.”

Originally, Shi Feng thought he would have some troubles dealing with these Hot-blooded Orc Warriors. Now, it would seem that he had worried for nothing.