Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 52 - Holy Sister

The journey to Red Leaf Town’s Library was very dangerous. If a normal player went there, there was a 30% chance for that person to die once. As for the remaining seventy percent, he would die many times.

Hence, before heading to the Library, Shi Feng stored all the Hard Stones and the Philosopher’s Stone into the Bank. The Philosopher’s Stone would drop after death. If Shi Feng had unexpectedly died on the way to the Library, then it would be a major loss.

Following which, Shi Feng took out the four skill books he bought previously and chose to learn them.

[Observing Eyes]

Able to see clearly unknown and concealed targets. There is a fixed chance to detect target’s weak point.

Cooldown: 40 seconds

[Windwalk]

The user is wrapped in wind; Movement Speed increased by 30%. There is a 50% chance to avoid damage from ranged attacks. Duration of 10 seconds.

Cooldown: 2 minutes

[Earth Splitter]

Requires: Sword

Causes 30 base damage to target after use, and based on the period of charging power between 0.2 seconds to 3 seconds, a maximum of 300% weapon damage can be increased. Attack range of 8 yards.

Cooldown: 1 minute

[Defensive Blade]

Requires: Sword

Normal attacks range increased by 10 yards after use. Able to block up to a maximum of 6 ranged attacks or 3 melee attacks. Duration of 25 seconds.

Cooldown: 3 minutes.

With these new skills, Shi Feng’s survivability and attack potential greatly increased; thus, the danger of him going to the Library was no longer great.

Red Leaf Town’s Library was distanced far from the Trade Area. It was located in Red Leaf Town’s Slums.

The Slums were the second most popular location after the Trade Area. There were all sorts of people there, and it was a place where crooks mixed with the honest folk. It was also the favorite visiting location of some players, and this was due to the Slums’ alternative name......

Paradise of the Fallen!

The moment Shi Feng entered the domain of this paradise, from the corners of the street, he discovered eyes filled with greed directed at him. These were the rats hidden in the darkness, the ones unaccepted by the light, and the wanderers of hell’s boundaries.

There was bound to be a portion of players in God’s Domain that was different from ordinary person. They were neither interested in conquering Dungeons, nor were they interested in the excitement that came from adventuring and risking one’s self. The only thing these players were interested in, was banditry. They would kill other players and plunder their equipment; then, they would sell it to others for a high price, making a bountiful amount of money. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

During daytime, these players would hunt for and plunder the players with good equipment. At night, they would return to the Slums to dispose of their stolen goods then party with the money they just earned. They would brag about their harvest to display their own strength, using the chance to elevate their position in the Slums. Ordinary players would never set foot in this place. If they did not possess sufficient strength, the only result would be a return via death. The reason being this location was not protected by the Guards.

Shi Feng simply glanced at the players hidden at the corners of the street. He discovered the indicators for all of these players were colored red. It was clear to see that they had done many kill-and-plunder deeds...

Within God’s Domain, Red Players were not allowed to enter guarded areas. The equipment drop rate upon death for these players were also increased, and the penalty for death may be increased up to a maximum of 300%. Moreover, they would be apprehended and jailed by the Guards if they were to enter guarded areas, and the duration they were jailed depended on their Crime Value. However, even with all these disadvantages, there were still many players who had chosen to go down this path. After all, the rewards came very quickly this way. Red Players also had a place they could stay in Red Leaf Town. For example, the Slums. Moreover, if one wished to receive a good Quest in the Slums, one had to be a Yellow Player or even a Red Player.

Regarding these players who lived on the edge of a knife, Shi Feng paid no attention to them. He immediately headed towards the main road of the Slums. On both sides of the street, there were quite a few flirty ladies dressed in revealing clothes. When they noticed the clothing Shi Feng was dressed in, they started flinging coquettish glances at his direction. They wanted to spend a pleasant night with Shi Feng, earning some Coin along the way.

“Little brother, are you here for some fun? Come over here to big sister. Big sister guarantees that you will have a pleasant night,” an alluring lady dressed in vibrant red leather clothing blocked Shi Feng’s way.

Shi Feng immediately used Observing Eyes.

[Sharlyn] (Elite Rank)

Level 8

HP 1200/1200

“Hahaha, Sharlyn, you’re trying to sneak a bite again. How can you not invite us to such a happy occasion,” a group of robust and fiendish men walked over, each of them carrying a cold grin on their faces.

“Is this a robbery?” Shi Feng took a look at his surroundings, calmly asking. He discovered himself already surrounded by NPCs. There were also a few Red Players by the corner of a broken house, sneers on their faces.

In God’s Domain, it was very common for players to be robbed by NPCs. Moreover, it was also not Shi Feng’s first time being robbed by NPCs. The incident that left the deepest impression on him was when he was at Creation Mountain Range. It was there that he was robbed by an NPC Warlord. At that time, Shi Feng could only helplessly pay out a road toll.

Currently, before him, there was a Level 8 Elite NPC in addition to a group of Level 7 Common NPCs. It was a scene very commonly to the Slums, but Shi Feng had nobody to blame but himself for coming to this place.

“Brat, since you look like an upright person, we won’t trouble you too much. Hand out 5 Silver Coins, and we’ll let you pass. Otherwise, we’ll personally take action,” a scarred man said with a sneer.

“Then come over here and get it,” Shi Feng sneered as he pulled out the Abyssal Blade.

If you were to pay the road toll, then congratulations. Not only would you lose your money, but you also had to lose your life. You would lose at least a piece of equipment that was on your person. This was the reason why normal players had a 30% percent chance of dying once in the Slums. If you wanted these NPCs that wandered the boundaries of darkness to uphold their promise, there was definitely something broken with your brain.

Sharlyn’s attractive face revealed a trace of malevolence.

“Brat, you are courting death!” a Level 7 blade-wielding man rushed at Shi Feng.

Shi Feng stabbed the Abyssal Blade towards the man without hesitation.

Double Chop, Chop, Thundering Flash, Earth Splitter... Sword slash after sword slash pierced through the man’s neck and heart. With a body fully geared with Bronze Equipment, combined with the Abyssal Blade’s Attack Power, Shi Feng’s attacks had immediately reduced the man’s 750 HP down to zero.

“Still want to continue?” Shi Feng glanced at the surrounding NPCs, sneering.

The NPCs were all shocked by Shi Feng. They all parted and gave way to Shi Feng, one after another. Meanwhile, the players hiding in a corner were also shocked. Shi Feng had killed off a Level 7 NPC in just a few moves. This player was just too strong! Naturally, these players would not find trouble with a player whom they knew was strong. In the Slums, strength was everything. Stealthily, these players left the scene of the incident.

Only Sharlyn stayed behind with an interested expression.

“Little brother, you are really powerful. You’ve made big sister truly admire you. I wonder where you are headed? Big sister can guide you there and save you a lot of trouble, whereas you only have to pay a very small price,” Sharlyn walked towards Shi Feng, offering with a calm smile.

“No need to trouble yourself. I’m familiar with the way to the Library,” Shi Feng did not wish to get entangled with these NPCs. He only wished to search for clues regarding the Elven diary.

Sharlyn smiled with even more joy when she heard Shi Feng decline.

“I am the Librarian, Sharlyn. You can ask me matters regarding the Library. There is no one more familiar with it than myself,” Sharlyn puffed out her prided twin peaks, smiling sweetly.

“Isn’t Red Leaf Town’s Librarian a Holy Sister?” Shi Feng did not believe her.

“Oh? Are you talking about this?” Sharlyn took out a set of nun’s clothing and changed into it within an instant. Suddenly, her wild demeanor completely vanished. She was like an angel that had descended to the world, incomparably divine. Her presence made others desire repentance before her.

At the same time, the information that Sharlyn displayed had changed.

[Holy Sister Sharlyn] (Divine Official)

Level 20

HP 10,000/10,000

Shi Feng was also shocked. What kind of situation was this? Even NPCs had a side job?