Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 62 - Moonlight Forest

Violet Cloud was in a daze for a long time after reading the contract. She believed she was in a dream.

She heard before the treatment Lifestyle players received in third-rate Guilds. The treatment she would be receiving was definitely better than those Lifestyle players. It was especially true for the base salary. Lifestyle players of third-rate Guilds definitely did not receive such treatment.

“Why are you being so good to me?” Violet Cloud looked at Shi Feng with wide, teary eyes, asking. She wanted to know the reason.

“Don’t misunderstand; I’m only in need of a Chef. I’ve only hired you because I can see you’re a very hardworking and earnest person. If you try to take advantage of the situation and fail to hit my requirements, then you can get lost. I’m not interested in nurturing someone useless,” Shi Feng suddenly spoke in a grave tone. He wanted Violet Cloud to know that it was not easy to become his personal Chef. That was because people were bound to become wasteful when they constantly received things without effort.

Violet Cloud was frightened after being told so by Shi Feng. She lowered her head, no longer daring to ask any more silly questions. Judging from Shi Feng’s attitude, it was clear that he was indeed looking for a Chef, and that she had just been chosen by chance. Hence, Violet Cloud lifted the pen and signed the contract.This was her final chance at escaping her desperate situation. She definitely must grab ahold of it.

“Boss, will I be making them here?” Violet Cloud immediately entered her role, appearing very respectful. She took a look at her surroundings. The environment here was very good, and it was also very peaceful. However, the rental for the Basic Kitchen was by no means cheap.

“Yeah, you’ll be manufacturing the items here from now on. I’ve already applied for the membership here so that you can come here anytime. There is enough money stored for you to use a long period. There won’t be anyone here to disturb you. The facilities here are also thorough, so your success rate can be increased by quite a bit. If you don’t have any problems, then you can start working now. In thirty hours, if I don’t see the nine hundred cups of Fruit Juice, then you may leave.” Shi Feng was very satisfied with Violet Cloud’s attitude. He turned and left after finished saying his piece.As for luring Violet Cloud onto the path of battles and leveling, more time would be needed to slowly lead her towards that path. Moreover, Shi Feng had a great purpose for Fruit Juice. It would not be a bad choice to allow Violet Cloud to make them for him.

Violet Cloud’s eyes followed Shi Feng’s back as he left. Her heart was filled with gratitude towards Shi Feng. She made a firm resolution to work properly and to not disappoint her new boss.

After leaving the Chef’s Association, Shi Feng returned to the Forging Association.

Currently, the number of Forgers in the Forging Association was constantly increasing. These players formed small conversation groups, either discussing how to increase their success rates or discussing the struggle between Hammer Trading and the mysterious forger. The two had become the target of envy, as well as idols of worship for these players.

“Did you see the article posted by Hammer Trading just now?”

“Of course I’ve seen it. I never imagined Hammer Trading would be so hot-tempered as to actually insistent on challenging the mysterious forger. He even declared that the first one to withdraw from this price war would be a ‘son of a bitch.’”

“Ah, I truly envy them. They had actually obtained a Bronze Forging Design. How great would it be if I could have one as well? At the very least, I could join a third-rate Guild if I had one.”

“What do you even know? I’ve heard the Forgers that are in Guilds saying that the drop rate for Bronze Forging Designs is frighteningly low. Moreover, its success rate is also shockingly low. Currently, selling them for 3 to 4 Silver Coins per piece is just a complete loss. The Glimmer Chestplate with better Attributes would create an even bigger loss. On the other hand, the various Guilds are all in cheerful moods, even thanking Hammer Trading for his actions. Otherwise, how would they be able to buy Bronze Equipment at such low prices?”

“Truthfully speaking, I dislike that Hammer Trading very much. Was it bad to let all Forgers profit together? Why must he insist on challenging the mysterious forger to the very end, causing both sides to suffer?”Hearing the discussions of these players, Shi Feng entered deep thought. After a moment, he revealed a faint smile. Judging from Hammer Trading’s actions, it was clear that he was currently having a hard time. The Silver Coins in his possession were definitely insufficient, and he must be wantonly purchasing Silver Coins from the market right now. This would lead to a great increase in prices for Silver Coins, so it was the perfect chance for Shi Feng to sell them.

Shi Feng wanted to thank Hammer Trading. If it were not for him, the market for equipment would not be as lively as it is now.

Currently, there would be a large amount of Silver Coins entering his pockets every so often. Meanwhile, although Shi Feng had spent quite a lot of it, the amount of money he possessed was still madly increasing. The money he possessed had already reached 3 Gold Coins.

At the reception desk, Shi Feng once more rented an Intermediate Forging Room for five hours, starting a new round of forging and manufacturing.

However, before he started forging, Shi Feng entered the Virtual Center. He wanted to check the prices for God’s Domain’s game currency and sell some of the game currency he possessed. Just leaving it in his pockets was truly a waste.Shi Feng was in the dark when he did not check, but the moment he did, he was shocked.

Although there was a large number of players in God’s Domain, the number of players who were selling the game’s currency did not exceed a hundred. More importantly, the selling prices were astonishing. A single Silver Coin was selling for 60 Credits. The price was at least double of that during Shi Feng’s previous life. However, the number of Silver Coins sold by these players were very small, mostly around 2 to 3 Silver Coins per player. Aside from the sellers, there were also players who were buying God’s Domain currency in bulk. The lowest buying price was at 55 Credits per Silver Coin, while the highest was at 58 Credits per Silver Coin.

That meant that a single Silver Coin in God’s Domain was enough for Shi Feng to eat in luxury for two days.

It was because of this competition that caused the prices of Silver Coins to be so expensive.

At the current stage of the game, so long as a person had a brain, they would know not to sell any of their game currency. On the other hand, there were many Guilds who were purchasing game currencies in bulk, at a reasonable price. There were only a scant few money-farming groups and Workshops who would sell some of their currency. However, the amount they sold was extremely low. Moreover, their prices were extremely high. Only as a last resort would the various Guilds buy currency from these groups.

However, these Guilds knew the price competition for equipment was a great chance for them to reap some benefits. So, they would definitely purchase game currency in bulk. However, there was not that much game currency available for sale. They could only purchase the game currency sold at the Virtual Center. Moreover, where did the large amount of game currency flow to?

A majority of it was definitely in Shi Feng’s pockets, while a minority was at the material merchant’s side. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

That meant Shi Feng was currently a big shot at selling game currency. Even a hundred-man money-farming group was far from being able to compare with Shi Feng.

Without hesitation, Shi Feng immediately placed 3 Gold Coins up for sale, selling each Silver Coin at 60 Credits. Shi Feng still needed to collect the money to buy two virtual gaming helmets, so how could he be polite with these tycoons?

Although the price was slightly high, to obtain equipment, the many Guilds in White River City will definitely buy them. When that time came, all these game currencies would eventually return to his hands.

After settling this matter, Shi Feng started focusing on forging equipment and manufacturing Forging Designs.

Five hours went by quickly. Shi Feng once more forged more than 80 Glimmer Chestplates and 50 Forging Designs for the Glimmer Chestplate. The 200,000 EXP required by the Teleportation Orb had been filled, and his own experience had also increased by quite a lot. He was just 22% away from Level 4 now, and he was just short of slightly more than 200 Proficiency Points before becoming an Intermediate Forging Apprentice.

In this forging session, the Forging Designs made were the most valuable when compared to the equipment made. Looking at the current popularity of the Glimmer Chestplate, the various Guilds were definitely in a rush to obtain their own Bronze Equipment Forging Design. They wanted to nurture their own forgers and create their own Bronze Equipment. After all, the drop rate of Bronze Equipment was extremely low. There were also not that many Elite monsters available to hunt.

In regards to the millions of players in White River City, the amount of equipment sold by Shi Feng and Hammer Trading was insignificant. There were still swarms of players requiring the equipment.

After leaving the Forging Room, the amount of money in Shi Feng’s pockets once more increased by a lot. Hence, Shi Feng made a trip to the Trade Area, once more purchasing Stones and Hard Stones. He then cleared out the Card Sets and Hard Stones that were sold at the Auction House, and in turn, placing the over 80 Glimmer Chestplates on auction. However, the selling price for the equipment this time was slightly different. The minimum price was no longer at 4 Silver Coins but 3 Silver Coins.

Hammer Trading was quickly nearing insanity from the competition. When Hammer Trading saw Shi Feng had once again lowered his selling price, Hammer Trading even spat out blood. Now that Shi Feng reduced his selling price, naturally, Hammer Trading had to reduce his as well. Did Shi Feng want him to sell a kidney?! Must he be so merciless?!

The person himself, however, did not put much consideration into such matters. Shi Feng only wanted to advertise the Glimmer Chestplate.

After leaving the Auction House, Shi Feng stored the Philosopher’s Stone and materials in the Bank. Afterward, Shi Feng went to the Pharmacy to purchase two stacks of Basic Regeneration Potions. He then went to the Magic Shop, purchasing over ten types of Magic Scrolls. He bought 5 pieces of each kind, and each piece cost around 20 to 40 Coppers.

Now that the experience required by the Teleportation Magic Orb has been fully collected, Shi Feng could go to the Moonlight Forest.

However, the Moonlight Forest was not an easy and relaxing place to stay. On the contrary, crisis came one after another there, making the place extremely dangerous. Players dubbed the map as the Land of Eternal Rest. Without proper preparations, players would definitely die ten out of ten times there.The scrolls Shi Feng bought were all necessary tools for him to survive in the wilderness. Before, he did not have that much money, so he did not bother with purchasing the Magic Scrolls. Now that he did, he naturally would not be courteous. At the very least, these scrolls could improve his survival chances there, rather dying nine out of ten times.

Following which, Shi Feng searched for a deserted location and activated the Teleportation Magic Orb. Shi Feng then transformed into a streak of white light, vanishing from Red Leaf Town.