64  Silvermoon Set Equipment

When the distance between Shi Feng and the Mountain Beast Fighter was less than 30 yards, the monster discovered Shi Feng speeding towards it. It widened its mouth and let out an ear-piercing battle cry. It raised its gigantic spiked club, using a Charge and rushing towards Shi Feng.

Shi Feng immediately pulled out the Abyssal Blade. The blade slashed horizontally as Shi Feng used Parry.Peng! Shi Feng was knocked back by five yards, pulling some distance away from the Mountain Beast Fighter without taking any damage. After he landed, he immediately spun around and ran towards the stone forest.

If players were hit by the Mountain Beast Fighter’s Charge, the monster would immediately follow up with a Break to reduce the player’s speed, preventing them from escaping.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, the Elementalists who were struck by the Beast Fighter’s Charge would immediately use Frozen Nova to freeze the monster for 8 seconds. They would take the chance to gain some distance, then continue by kiting the monster. The Mountain Beast Fighters would only use Charge on the first meeting, using suppressing skills afterward. As long as the Elementalists did not let the monsters catch up to them, there would be no danger whatsoever.

Also, nearby there were numerous large rocks that could be used to toy with the Mountain Beast Fighters, making the process of killing them a lot easier.

After using the Speed Scroll, Shi Feng’s speed was faster than the Mountain Beast Fighter just by a thread. It was not very obvious, but it was this small difference that prevented the Mountain Beast Fighter from catching up to him.

After entering the densely packed stone forest, Shi Feng turned around and used Thundering Flash. From a distance of 15 yards, three sword rays immediately pierced through the Beast Fighter’s armor, causing three damages of -15, -19, -13. Without the level suppression, even if Shi Feng’s Attributes were reduced by 50%, his Attack Power and Skill Damage were still very powerful.

After using the skill, Shi Feng’s speed slightly reduced, and the Mountain Beast Fighter caught up to him within an instant. The Beast Fighter was clearly furious after being struck. It roared as it brandished its spiked club, smashing it at Shi Feng.

Shi Feng hurriedly turned his body, hiding by a nearby rock. The spiked club did not land on Shi Feng; it only hit the stone and created a splash of broken rocks.During this attack, Shi Feng, once again, pulled a distance of over 8 yards away from the monster.

After using Thundering Flash, Shi Feng activated Defensive Blade. His attack range suddenly increased to 15 yards. As long as he maintained a 5-yard distance between the Mountain Beast Fighter, the monster would not be able to land a hit on him.

Shi Feng brandished his sword as he paid attention to the distance between him and the monster, pulling back to avoid the club whenever he was too close. In such a way, streak after streak of sword light landed on the Mountain Beast Fighter’s body. The Beast Fighter could only bellow in helplessness as its HP continuously fell. It never imagined that a human could actually be so agile and cunning. Every time its attack was about to land, the human would dodge towards a nearby rock. Its bulky spiked club could not land a hit at all. Instead, it only served to create a gap between itself and the human.

Just when the Mountain Beast Fighter’s HP went below 7%, another Mountain Beast Fighter suddenly appeared from behind a rock. It blocked Shi Feng’s path, using Charge at him.

“Scram!”

Faced with the sudden appearance of another monster, Shi Feng immediately used Abyssal Bind on it, preventing the monster from moving. At the same time, the Abyssal Bind also canceled the life-threatening Charge.

Since the Mountain Beast Fighter had been locked up, Shi Feng naturally would not let the skill go to waste. He immediately used Wind Blade, instantly shaking off the low HP Mountain Beast Fighter, and his blade landed on the bound Mountain Beast Fighter’s neck. Shi Feng continued by using Double Chop, causing a Bleeding effect on the monster. He then used another Chop on the monster. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Just within 3 seconds, Shi Feng had taken away 16% of this Mountain Beast Fighter’s HP.

Seeing as the low HP Mountain Beast Fighter was about to catch up, Shi Feng dodged and arrived at behind the restricted Beast Fighter.

He raised the pitch black Abyssal Blade high, abruptly slashing down.Thundering Flash!Above the heads of both Mountain Beast Fighters, three consecutive damages of -16, -19, -23 appeared. The low HP Beast Warrior fell to the ground with a bang.

System: Mountain Beast Fighter killed. Level difference of 6. EXP obtained increased by 600%. Obtained 36 EXP.

Such an amount of experience could be considered negligible to Shi Feng, who was currently Level 3. On the other hand, the Proficiency Points for using skills were gained much faster. Every use would definitely increase the skill’s proficiency by 3 points. This allowed Chop to quickly rise to Level 3. In addition to the Abyssal Blade’s Attributes, Shi Feng’s Chop was now Level 5; it’s might greatly increasing. Double Chop had also risen to Level 2, and if the skill were used through the Abyssal Blade, it would be a Level 4 Double Chop. The damage caused by the Bleeding effect also increased significantly.

The restricted Mountain Beast Fighter bellowed. It finally broke free from the chains, and it wanted to annihilate Shi Feng. However, Shi Feng gave it no chance. He immediately distanced himself 5 yards away from the monster and continued kiting it.

Although the Defensive Blade had a long Cooldown and a short duration, by using Thundering Flash, Double Chop, and Parry in concert, Shi Feng could still slowly grind the Mountain Beast Fighter down.

Not a minute later, another Mountain Beast Fighter fell.

However, the Mountain Beast Fighters did not reward Shi Feng with anything special. There were only three pieces of Hard Stone and 2 Copper Coins. On the other hand, killing these Mountain Beast Fighters was a good way to grind Skill Proficiency Points.

Subsequently, Shi Feng advanced forward while killing Mountain Beast Fighters. These monsters had a short respawn time, so from time to time, Shi Feng would attract two to three of these Mountain Beast Fighters. Fortunately, the stone forest had narrow spaces. This resulted in the Beast Fighters blocking each other’s path, their numbers causing their speed to reduce instead.

Seeing this, Shi Feng had sudden inspiration. He started luring more and more Mountain Beast Fighters, and within a short moment, he had lured over 20 of these monsters. The monsters chased after Shi Feng as a group, but the narrow pathways of the stone forest prevented them from even Mountain Beast Fighters behind him.

23:26

Shi Feng kept luring new Mountain Beast Fighters as he attacked the ones behind him. In such a way, stretching their bodies. Just a slight movement and they would run into the other Mountain Beast Fighters. Such a situation allowed Shi Feng to become much more relaxed.

Shi Feng constantly used Thundering Flash and various other skills to burn off the HP of the Mountain Beast Fighters behind him.

Shi Feng kept luring new Mountain Beast Fighters as he attacked the ones behind him. In such a way, Shi Feng’s Skill Proficiency Points increased without stop.

After three hours, Thundering Flash had risen to Level 3; Chop had risen to Level 5, Double Chop to Level 4, Wind Blade to Level 3, Defensive Blade to Level 2, and Windwalk to Level 2.

This increase allowed Shi Feng to kill monsters with greater ease. With the increase from the Abyssal Blade, the damage from a single Thundering Flash could take away over 90 HP from each Mountain Beast Fighter. A Chop could also cause more than 60 points of damage. The Bleeding damage caused by Double Chop was also very powerful.However, Shi Feng’s level remained at 3. He was still quite a distance away from Level 4. If it were not for the curse, he would have long since risen in level.

Looking at the ground littered with Mountain Beast Fighter corpses, Shi Feng decided to take a rest and pick up the loot. Otherwise, all these corpses would become too much of a hindrance.

In God’s Domain, if a player did not pick up the loot, the monster’s corpse would require 24 hours before it was removed by the System.

The loot from hundreds of Mountain Beast Fighters was extremely shocking. Just from the money dropped, there was already more than 4 Silver Coins. There was also a lot of materials. As for the Moonstones, seven pieces were dropped; it was still quite a distance away from thirty pieces. Moreover, a few pieces of Level 7 to Level 10 Common Equipment also dropped.

“Eh? Isn’t this a piece of the Silvermoon Set Equipment?” Shi Feng picked up a silvery-white helmet from the ground, slightly shocked.

[Silvermoon Helmet] (Bronze Plate Armor)

Equipment Requirement: Strength 35

Defense +43

Strength +5, Agility +4, Endurance +4

Battle Recovery +1

Durability 40/40

Limited to Berserkers and Swordsman.

This helmet was one out of five pieces of equipment belonging to the Silvermoon Set Equipment. As long as two pieces of the set were collected, the first Set Effect could be activated. Four pieces of equipment were required for the second Set Effect, while all five pieces were needed for the third Set Effect. Each Set Effect was better than the previous. The Silvermoon Set Equipment was regarded as one of the best Set Equipment for Berserkers and Swordsmen below Level 10. However, its drop rate was extremely low, and it was extremely hard to gather a complete set.

Unlike other equipment, the Silvermoon Set Equipment did not possess a Level Limit. It was only limited by Attributes. So long as a player fulfilled the required Attributes, they would be able to wear it.Suddenly, Shi Feng grew a great interest towards the Silvermoon Set Equipment.

Maybe it was because the map had yet to be populated, so the drop rate right now was so high. If Shi Feng were to miss out on this chance, he would definitely regret it in the future.

Thirty-five points in Strength, to the average player, they would most likely need to reach Level 8 or Level 9 before they would be able to wear this equipment. However, with Shi Feng’s Attributes, he would be able to wear it as long as he removed the curse and reached Level 5. If he were to collect the complete set, his Attributes would literally soar to the sky. At that time, killing a Level 5 Shield

Warrior with a full body of Bronze Equipment would just be child’s play. Just the thought of it excited 