Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 65 - Mysterious-Iron Treasure Chest

Shi Feng stored the Silvermoon Helmet and continued moving deeper into the stone forest, searching for even more Mountain Beast Fighters.

Before, Shi Feng’s attention was solely focused on Moonstones and the horror of the Moonlight Forest. He had completely forgotten that the Moonlight Forest was an unexplored map. The treasures here were bountiful beyond comparison. It was just that, in Shi Feng’s previous life, when he arrived at the Moonlight Forest, the place had long since been ransacked by those experts of first-rate and second-rate Guilds, leaving only scraps behind. Even then, Shi Feng still had to compete with the other Guilds for them.

As for the average players, they didn’t even have the chance to obtain those second-hand goods.

By the time the average players arrived, who knew how many times the Moonlight Forest had been ransacked. However, these players still treated this place as a treasured land. One could imagine just how attractive the untouched Moonlight Forest was.

Now that he was here, a step ahead, those first-rate and second-rate Guilds would not have their turn. He would personally explore every corner of the Moonlight Forest and plunder everything, letting those Guilds have a taste of getting second-hand goods.

Two hours later, Shi Feng finally arrived at the core of the stone forest. On his way here, Shi Feng continuously killed Mountain Beast Fighters, obtaining 3 more pieces of Moonstone and a lot of money and materials.

By chance, Shi Feng had discovered a camp made by the Mountain Beast Fighters. The camp was guarded by Mountain Beast Fighters on all sides, and just a rough calculation told Shi Feng that there were over forty of these monsters. Moreover, there were several squads of Mountain Beast Fighters patrolling near the camp. All in all, their numbers totaled past one hundred.

The Mountain Beast Fighter’s camp was where they stored their treasures. Many Guilds would often send teams consisting of twenty Elite players to do a sweep on the various monster camps in the Moonlight Forest. Their harvests, every time they did so, were relatively good.

Meanwhile, the Mountain Beast Fighter camp in front of Shi Feng had never been raided before. There was definitely a great treasure in there. Shi Feng might even be able to finish collecting the required Moonstone and obtain many Tier 1 Gemstones and equipment.

However, every monster camp was not easy to deal with. If there were not a lot of rocks here, Shi Feng would not have paid any attention to the camp and would have most likely turned around and left already. But, the rocks here were much more concentrated. The pathways surrounding the camp could, at most, fit two Beast Fighters, while the narrower places could only fit one. It was definitely a good location to grind Mountain Beast Fighters. It would be a great pity if Shi Feng were to give up here.

Hence, Shi Feng picked a few small pieces of stone from the ground and stealthily closed in on the monster camp.

To prevent unexpected elements, Shi Feng decided to lure all the Mountain Beast Fighters in one go. Otherwise, if he were to meet up with another group of Mountain Beast Fighters during his kiting, he would definitely drop dead.

The important factor when luring these Mountain Beast Fighters was finding a way to deal with their Charge. If that were not properly handled, Shi Feng would end up dead from the unlimited Charges. He had personally been met with such a scenario before. His strength at that time had clearly exceeded the monsters by a large leap, yet, the monsters Charged at him one after another, placing him in a Fainted state until he died.

Although each Mountain Beast Fighter only used Charge once, hundreds of those monsters still meant hundreds of Charges. Trying to get them to Charge all at the same time was extremely difficult.

With his current HP, Shi Feng would not last two hits under the Mountain Beast Fighter’s assault. Hence, he absolutely cannot make a mistake. He needed to let all the Mountain Beast Fighters simultaneously use Charge at him, then avoid the follow-up damage. Only then would he have a chance to get rid of all these Mountain Beast Fighters. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

He needed to get a good grasp on the timing when all the Mountain Beast Fighters rushed over. Otherwise, instead of grinding monsters, he would be the one beaten to a pulp. However, Shi Feng still held confidence in himself. After all, he was once a Sword King and a first-rate expert.

The Mountain Beast Fighter on guard used its furry hand to caress its beloved niuweidao. It stood up high on the wall; its blood red eyes were constantly surveying its surroundings. As long as it discovered an intruder, it would immediately charge over and let its blade enjoy a delicious meal.

Suddenly, a stone flew towards the Mountain Beast Fighter, striking its head. When the Beast Fighter turned its head towards the direction the stone came from, it discovered a human a distance away. There was also a piece of stone in the human’s hand. Then, the Beast Fighter caressed its head that had been struck, suddenly entering a burning rage. A mere ant dared to throw a stone at it?!

Hou! Hou! Hou!

The roar from the Mountain Beast Fighter alarmed the entire nest of monsters. Mountain Beast Fighters came rushing out of the camp, one after another, all of them rushing to kill Shi Feng.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng continued throwing stones towards the other squads of Mountain Beast Fighters. In just a short moment, he had enraged all of those monsters, causing them to rush at him.

Seeing over a hundred Mountain Beast Fighters running towards him, Shi Feng remained unhurried. He used Phantom Kill, allowing his doppelganger to run into the stone forest while he faced off with the monsters.

Not to mention Shi Feng alone, even a twenty-man Elite team would not be able to handle over a hundred Mountain Beast Fighters at the same time.

As the distance between Shi Feng and the Mountain Beast Fighters shortened, Shi Feng’s heart madly beat. His actions this time were insane. If there were even the tiniest mistake, only death awaited him. It had been a very long time since he had done something so exciting. His blood boiled, and his five senses grew even more sensitive.

When the Mountain Beast Fighters were no more than thirty yards from Shi Feng, a majority of the beasts were within the range to use Charge.

After a wrathful roar, a large majority of the Mountain Beast Fighters simultaneously activated Charge, with a few using it a moment later.

Shi Feng immediately activated Defensive Blade. The skill could block three melee attacks. At the same time, Shi Feng gripped the Abyssal Blade and prepared to use Parry.

When the first wave of monsters arrived, although Shi Feng used Parry, his body was still sent flying back. Following which, the second wave of monsters arrived, knocking Shi Feng into a Fainted state, preventing him from moving.

Seeing many Mountain Beast Fighters raise their niuweidao, ready to strike, Shi Feng persevered and did not use any skills.

Even when the blades slashed at him, Shi Feng still did not use the position swapping function of Phantom Kill. The Defensive Blade’s damage immunity to three melee attacks instantly vanished.

Afterward, Shi Feng was struck by the large blade; his HP instantly fell by half. Another strike was all it would take to finish him off now.

At this time, the third wave of monsters had finally arrived. Shi Feng once more entered a Fainted state, the blade of the second niuweidao just before his eyes.

“Substitute!” Shi Feng shouted in his mind.

Within an instant, Shi Feng and the doppelganger in the stone forest swapped places. After the blade slashed the doppelganger, the Charge of the fourth and final wave of monsters arrived. The doppelganger was simply beaten to death.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng, who was hiding in the stone forest, immediately took out a bottle of Basic Regeneration Potion. He gulped it down in one go, a sweet and sour taste permeating throughout his mouth. Shi Feng’s HP immediately recovered by 180 points, allowing him to barely be able to receive another attack.

After the doppelganger died, the Hatred of the Mountain Beast Fighters was directed towards Shi Feng, who was currently in the stone forest. Immediately, they swarmed into the forest.

Inside the forest was naturally Shi Feng’s realm. He activated a Speed Scroll, facing off against the crazed Mountain Beast Fighters who were crowding through the narrow path. Shi Feng used Thundering Flash. Three streaks of lightning passed through the monsters, instantly taking over 100 HP from each of them.

Within ten minutes, all the lured Mountain Beast Fighters were dead.

At the same time, the remaining thread of experience Shi Feng needed to reach Level 4 had been filled up. He finally reached Level 4, catching up to the second tier players.

Shi Feng placed all 6 Attribute Points into Strength. Currently, damage was his priority. After cleaning up the loot, Shi Feng actually obtained another piece of the Silvermoon Set Equipment, a Silvermoon Leg Guard. He had also obtained 7 pieces of Moonstone, two Tier 1 Gemstones, and all sorts of materials and Common Equipment. His harvest was relatively good.

However, the most bountiful treasure was not these items. The main focus remained within the camp’s storehouse. After all, Mountain Beast Fighters loved to place their collected treasures in the camp’s storehouse.

After cleaning up the drops, Shi Feng quickly ran into the camp. He wanted to see just what sort of treasure was awaiting him inside the storehouse.

“As expected for the first time. There really is a lot of treasure.” From afar, Shi Feng could already see a few large Treasure Chests placed inside the storehouse. Amongst them, there was even a pitch black Mysterious-Iron Treasure Chest.

Filled with excitement, Shi Feng was just about to enter the storehouse and take a look at the items within the treasure chests when he heard a loud roar.

“Ao! Ao! Ao!”

A Mountain Beast Fighter, who was three sizes larger than its peers, rushed out from within the storehouse. The monster was covered in silver armor, and both its hands wielded a gigantic ax. Both its blood-red eyes stared tenaciously at Shi Feng.