Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 701 - Blood Warrior

Hua! Hua!

The skeleton in black-spiked armor suddenly brandished its two-handed saber, creating a powerful gale that engulfed Shi Feng.

Its bladework is so fast! I didn’t see the weapon move at all! Shi Feng unconsciously tightened his grip on the Abyssal Blade. He felt an immense pressure as he stared at the flashing red flames in the skeleton’s eye sockets.

[Blood Warrior] (Undead, Special Elite)

Level 50

HP 240,000/240,000

Although the Blood Warrior’s HP was not high, its Attack Speed and Strength were on a whole different level compared to the Blood Fighters.

Suddenly, the Blood Warrior stomped its foot. Shi Feng only heard the sound of a sonic boom before the Blood Warrior appeared right in front of him, its massive saber transforming into a streak of silver light as it descended towards his head.

In terms of Strength and speed, the Blood Warrior was simply overwhelming.

Although Shi Feng had stretched his perception to its very limit, the Blood Warrior’s explosive power still caught him unprepared.

Boom!

When the Blood Warrior swung its saber, the saber light extended over ten yards. If the walkway had not been indestructible, the Undead’s attack would have gouged the ground.

Meanwhile, the attack had sent Shi Feng flying over 20 yards, a damage of more than -1,000 points appearing above his head.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Feng lost one-tenth of his HP.

So powerful! Shi Feng gaped at the Blood Warrior with a face. His entire arm was numb.

It was not surprising that the Special Elite was stronger and faster than he was.

What was surprising was the fact that the Blood Warrior had an expert’s techniques as well. Neither its movement nor attacks contained any excess movement whatsoever. This allowed the Undead to exert astonishing speed and destructive power. Even Shi Feng had only barely blocked the attack with his sword. Suddenly, Shi Feng was no longer as complacent as he had been against the Blood Fighters.

Players had two main advantages against monsters. The first was their Skills, while the second was combat techniques.

However, inside the Blood Refining Passage, players could not use any of their Skills and could only rely on their combat techniques in a fight.

As for the Blood Warrior before Shi Feng, not only did it possess superior Attributes, but its techniques surpassed even ordinary expert players. If an ordinary expert stood in Shi Feng’s place right now, they would have no strength to resist the Blood Warrior...

Just as Shi Feng pondered ways to deal with the Blood Warrior, the latter charged for Shi Feng once more, giving him no time to catch his breath. The Blood Warrior slashed its two-handed saber at Shi Feng in quick succession, every one of its attacks faster than Shi Feng’s visual perception.

Shi Feng could only rely on his intuition to block or dodge the attacks.

He did not even have time to breathe.

One slash, two slashes, three slashes...

Countless saber lights intertwined, generating dazzling sparks as they collided with Shi Feng’s swords.

Each time Shi Feng blocked the Blood Warrior’s saber, he was sent flying. Even while Shi Feng soared through the air, the Blood Warrior showed no signs of stopping its assault. As long as Shi Feng erred in his judgment, he would be executed on the spot.

Shi Feng was thrown over a hundred yards in quick succession, his body slamming into the ground.

The difference between their strengths was obvious at first glance.

“Is this really a Level 50 Special Elite?” Shi Feng looked at his own HP.

He had less than 3,000 HP remaining. At most, he could receive three more hits before his life ended.

Before Shi Feng could even consider his options, the Blood Warrior appeared before him. Attacking with its saber, it sent Shi Feng flying once more... T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Since Shi Feng had rejoined God’s Domain, he had suppressed his opponents with his Strength. This was the first time an opponent had beaten him so badly regarding Strength and speed.

In the face of absolute strength, all manner of trickery was useless.

At this moment, Shi Feng was reminded of the fact that Attributes were the basics of combat in God’s Domain.

Even if Shi Feng could perceive the Blood Warrior’s attack trajectories, he simply could not keep up with the Special Elite’s speed. If he could not even dodge the Blood Warrior’s attacks, there was no point in considering a counterattack.

If Shi Feng received the Blood Warrior’s saver a few more times, Shi Feng’s HP would be no more.

“Huh?” Shi Feng suddenly realized that the Blood Warrior had stopped attacking him. Instead, it turned around and walked back to where it came from, no longer interested in Shi Feng. “What’s going on here?”

Despite needing only two more hits to end the battle, the Blood Warrior had stopped attacking him...

“Did I move out of its field of activity?” Shi Feng accepted this conclusion after giving it some thought. Otherwise, the Blood Warrior had no reason to spare him. “It seems that I need to defeat the Blood Warrior if I wish to continue forward.”

However, with his current strength, it was utterly impossible to defeat the Blood Warrior.

It would be easier without the Divine Might’s suppression. Shi Feng thought as he glared at the passage walls. The Divine Might radiating from the walls had limited his strength significantly. Otherwise, he would not have been so helpless against the Blood Warrior’s attacks. If I wish to pass the Blood Warrior, I only have three options. I can reduce the Divine Might’s suppression, improve my combat techniques, or improve my Attributes.

Without any of my Skills, weakening the Divine Might will be impossible. As for techniques, that is not something I can improve significantly in a short time. It seems that my only choice is to raise my Attributes.

Shi Feng then looked at his current Level. At this point, he was at 61% of Level 34. He was very close to reaching Level 35.

He currently wore a Tier 1 Set Equipment. As his level increased, the set’s Attributes would improve as well. Level 35 was considered a small milestone for equipment. Moreover, he also possessed Epic and Fragmented Legendary ranked items. Once he reached Level 35, those Attributes would also increase.

“Let’s level up, then.” Shi Feng halted his advance. Instead, he retraced his steps.

Shi Feng had mostly grasped the Blood Refining Passage’s rules. He would encounter different monsters depending on where he was. Since he had entered the field belonging to the Blood Warrior, if he retreated to the previous field, his would return to the four Blood Fighters.

Fortunately, the Blood Fighters provided a lot of EXP, so Shi Feng did not level slowly. Moreover, he could also improve his techniques by facing the Elite monsters.

In such a way, Shi Feng began an endless journey of grinding, his level rising little by little.

---

Star-Moon City, inside a VIP room of one of Star-Moon’s High-class Restaurants:

Currently, three people, two women and one man, occupied the luxurious and spacious room. All three were at least Level 32. One woman had already reached Level 33. This woman was none other than Zero Wing’s Vice-Leader, Aqua Rose. Sitting across from Aqua Rose were the Star Alliance’s Guild Leader, Galaxy Past, and the Star Alliance’s number one Elementalist expert, Purple Eye.

“Vice-Leader Aqua, let’s be frank. Why did Zero Wing suddenly decide to banish the Star Alliance from Stone Forest Town? I don’t recall our Guild provoking your Guild in any way,” Galaxy Past asked quietly, trying his best to suppress the raging fire within him.

The Star Alliance’s progression into the Stoneclaw Mountains had slowed significantly. If this situation persisted, their previous advantages would vanish, and other Guilds would overtake them.

Had it not tasted the fruit known as Stone Forest Town, it would have been fine. However, after experiencing the benefits that Stone Forest Town offered, it was impossible for the Star Alliance to endure losing access to the town.

“Guild Leader Galaxy, don’t tell me that you’ve agreed to Open Source Corporation’s investment without knowing what was happening?” Aqua Rose countered calmly. “Or does Guild Leader Galaxy not know what kind of people have been harassing Zero Wing recently?”

After Aqua Rose’s reminder, Galaxy Past quickly came to a realization.

He had received some information mentioning a small conflict between Zero Wing and Open Source Corporation. However, he had never imagined that this enmity was so severe.

“Guild Leader Galaxy, I believe that you should have a general understanding of the situation. Today, I’ve come here to pass on a message from our Guild Leader.” Narrowing her eyes, Aqua Rose coldly declared, “If the Star Alliance doesn’t enter an alliance with Zero Wing now, then it will be our enemy. What is your decision?”