Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 80 - Steel Fortress Barrutia

Blacksteel Dwarves, they were a group fanatics addicted to forging. The civilization of the Blacksteel Dwarves was once incomparably brilliant, and their shadows could be found in the creation of countless pieces of Legendary Equipment.

The arms of Blacksteel Dwarves were as thick and robust as their thighs, and their muscles were as hard as stone. In addition to their dark skin color, often they were mistaken for rocks during nighttime, and many people would sit on them accidentally.

Of course, the consequences of such an action were very grave, as the thing these Blacksteel Dwarves hated the most was being treated as stools.

Shi Feng straightforwardly walked over.

This bunker in the White Sand Ruins was extremely well hidden. In Shi Feng’s previous life, it took a long time before the many Guilds doing Quests in the White Sand Ruins discovered the bunker. They received many good Quests from this bunker, and some Quests even gave away Mysterious-Iron Equipment. However, such Quests usually required a party in order to complete them. It was absolutely impossible for a person to complete them alone.

However, compared to these Quests, the Favorability of these Blacksteel Dwarves was much more important. This secret was also only discovered after players had already reached more than twenty levels.

There was a Unique Quest called “Steel Fortress Barrutia” available here. However, because the Unique Quest required a certain amount of favorability before a player could receive it, many players missed the chance to obtain it. On the contrary, an unknown average player received the Unique Quest. Moreover, after completing the Unique Quest, the player instantly become the recruitment target of many Guilds.

Arriving in front of the bunker’s entrance, the two Elite Blacksteel Dwarves standing guard let Shi Feng enter after giving him a simple glance.

The inside of the bunker was very large. It was just like an underground Town. Blacksteel Dwarves were everywhere, and the majority of the streets were composed of either Weapons and Equipment shops or bars, with very few places of entertainment.

Moving along the main street, Shi Feng arrived before a steel building after making several turns and detours. The building was the City Hall, and when Shi Feng entered the building, the Town Mayor, a Level 30 Elite NPC, quickly noticed him. As it has been a long time since any outsiders entered this small Town, the Mayor happily went up to welcome Shi Feng.

“Hello, Adventurer! Welcome to Stonehammer Town! I am Blackbeard, the Town Mayor!” Blackbeard warmly said.

“Hello, Lord Mayor. It is my first time coming here, so I wonder if I could be of any use to you?” Shi Feng performed respectfully, as such actions would give NPCs a more favorable opinion of him.

Blackbeard caressed his thick beard. After thinking for awhile, he said, “Adventurer, our small Town indeed needs help. The weather of area around here is getting hotter by the day, and our water supply is continuously diminishing. As a result, it is getting harder for the inhabitants to live in this small Town. I will pay a sufficient price, so I hope you can help us obtain a large water supply or something that can help with the heat.”

System: Do you wish to accept the Quest, “Blackbeard’s Request”?

Shi Feng revealed a faint smile. He was here exactly because of this.

“I will be happy to help,” Shi Feng responded.

The most important thing in Rockhammer Town was the Town Mayor’s Favorability. However, the Town Mayor’s Favorability was not that easy to obtain. That was because the Quest he gave was not easy to complete. Moreover, the rewards of the Quest were few, causing many players to give up on grinding for the Town Mayor’s Favorability.

System: Quest “Blackbeard’s Request” accepted. Offer 100 bags of Clear Water or 5 cups of Cold Beverage to the Town Mayor Blackbeard.

Following which, Shi Feng retrieved the Fruit Juice he had prepared.

For every 5 cups of Fruit Juice Shi Feng offered, he could obtain 2 Copper Coins, an increase of 1 point to Blackbeard’s Favorability, and 100 EXP.

To a Level 8 to 9 player, 100 EXP could be considered negligible. Just by simply killing a Level 10 Common monster, they would be able to obtain over 200 EXP. Moreover, 100 bags of Clear Water were sold for 5 Copper Coins in other Towns, and 5 cups of the cheapest kind of Cold Beverage would similarly cost 5 Copper Coins. After deducting the cost, that meant that players would be spending 3 Copper Coins in exchange for 100 EXP. Only a lunatic would be willing to do such a thing.

However, Shi Feng was very willing. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

To his current Level, 100 EXP was not a small amount. It was a lot more than the EXP he would obtain from killing a Level 5 Common monster.

Following which, Shi Feng handed over Fruit Juices without stop. After he handed over 1,000 cups of Fruit Juice, he obtained a total of 400 Copper Coins and 200 points of Favorability. He also obtained 20,000 EXP, instantly bringing him up to 69% of Level 4.

He had risen so much just within ten short minutes. It was literally faster than grinding on Level 10 Elite monsters.

After his Favorability reached 200 points, Shi Feng started asking Blackbeard about the Unique Quest. However, Blackbeard remained silent, his eyes darting about, pretending to know nothing about the Quest.

“As expected, my Favorability is still not high enough.” Shi Feng had more or less expected such a result. Hence, he brought out Violet Cloud’s new type of Fruit Juice, “Lord Mayor, what do you think about this kind of Fruit Juice?”

After seeing this new Fruit Juice, Blackbeard took it in his hands and gave it a whiff. Suddenly, both his eyes shone as he excitedly said, “This cup completely surpasses the previous five cups. Adventurer, I wonder how many of these do you have? I am willing to pay an extra 1 copper Coin to purchase it.”

Shi Feng couldn’t help but be stunned when he saw Blackbeard’s extremely satisfied expression. He did not imagine that Violet Cloud’s craftsmanship would be so good as to tempt even an NPC into willingly to concede. Such a situation was very rarely seen in God’s Domain.

Since Blackbeard liked the new Fruit Juice, Shi Feng naturally continued the transaction without stop.

He had a total of 750 cups of the new type of Fruit Juice. Every cup earned him 3 Copper Coins, 1 point of Favorability, and 100 EXP. It could be seen just how much Blackbeard loved this item.

In such a way, Shi Feng easily received 2,250 Coppers and 750 points of Favorability. He also received 75,000 EXP, instantly bringing him to 46% of Level 5. His leveling speed was like a rocket. Unfortunately, making the new type of Fruit Juice required a lot of time. Moreover, Violet Cloud still had other matters to tend to. Otherwise, Shi Feng really wanted Violet Cloud to make up to 10,000 cups for him, instantly rushing to Level 10 and over.

With 950 points of Favorability, the Town Mayor Blackbeard finally opened his mouth. Moreover, he did not hide any secrets this time. He was treating Shi Feng like his close friend. Shi Feng had even received the Stonehammer Key, which had not been mentioned by the player in his previous life.

System: Unique Quest “Steel Fortress Barrutia” accepted. Player is required to go to Physis Canyon to look for the fallen Steel Fortress Barrutia and obtain the Titan’s Heart from within it. Town Mayor Blackbeard will provide an extremely bountiful reward for it.

With such a high amount of Favorability, Shi Feng could also purchase Forging Designs from Blackbeard.

Shi Feng was shocked after taking a rough look at the available items. There were a total of ten Forging Designs for sale; five of them were Common Equipment Forging Designs, three of them were Bronze Equipment Forging Designs, one of them was a Mysterious-Iron Weapon Forging Design, and the last was a Mysterious-Iron Equipment Forging Design.

Blackbeard must’ve even taken out his inheritance with this!

These Forging Designs were all for Level 8 to Level 10 equipment.

However, the Bronze Equipment Forging Designs were sold for 60 Silver Coins each, while the Mysterious-Iron ranked Forging Designs were sold for up to 1 Gold and 50 Silver Coins. Even if an average player were to discover them, they would definitely be unable to purchase them.

Fortunately, this time around, Shi Feng had sold another three pieces of the Glimmer Chestplate Forging Design. The money he possessed increased by more than 9 Gold Coins once more. Otherwise, even he could only look at the items with envy.

“Lord Mayor, these three Bronze ranked Forging Designs and two Mysterious-Iron ranked Forging Designs, I want all of them,” Shi Feng simply handed over 4 Gold 80 Silver.

Unfortunately, these Forging Designs were bound upon purchase. Otherwise, he would be able to earn at least double or triple the amount just from reselling them.

The weakest amongst these Forging Designs was a Level 8 Bronze Equipment. However, even that would bring about an unimaginable improvement to the current Guilds. After all, the current highest leveled players were just nearing Level 6, while a large majority of the players were still using Level 1 or Level 2 Common Equipment. Just imagining when everyone rose to Level 8 and every member of a party possessed a piece of Level 8 Bronze Equipment was frightening.

After completing the transaction, Shi Feng suddenly received a System Notification.