Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 82 - Killing the Twin-headed Snake King

The Twin-headed Snake King, along with its two subordinates, slowly slithered towards Shi Feng. However, it did not discover Shi Feng’s existence. Its tail calmly swayed, and its head proudly raised as it overlooked its own territory.

Meanwhile, the two normal Twin-headed Snakes were closely following the Snake King. They did not act proudly like the Snake King, but more like bodyguards, their chilling gazes sweeping across their surroundings. As long as there were any signs of activity, they would immediately become their King’s sharp swords, killing all enemies that were harmful to their King.

From when the Twin-headed Snake King approached his location to when it turned around and left, Shi Feng only watched it, silently. However, Shi Feng was in no hurry to make a move. Instead, he stealthily followed it, using Observing Eyes on it, and waiting for the best terrain to start his attack.

[Twin-headed Snake King] (Rare Elite)

Level 10

HP 4,000/4,000

The other two Twin-headed Snake Guards were both Common monsters. They were both Level 10, and they both had 1,400 HP.

Shi Feng was about to face three Level 10 monsters together. Moreover, there was even a Rare Elite amongst them. Even though Shi Feng equipped with the full Silvermoon Set Equipment, he still needed to plan properly before taking action. After all, the few can’t fight the many. Also, the Snake race had extremely quick Movement Speeds and the Snake King even more so.

Shi Feng followed the Twin-headed Snake King to an area filled with sandstone. There were several stones taller than a person here that could be used to obstruct the Twin-headed Snake King’s vision, so Shi Feng finally started taking action.

Shi Feng would be at a big disadvantage if he were to take on all three Twin-headed Snakes at the same time. So, he needed to split them up and kill them one at a time, with the Common monsters taking priority.

Shi Feng immediately used Phantom Kill, letting his doppelganger stay behind waiting while he took charge. Shi Feng used Wind Blade, his sword stabbing at the nearest Twin-headed Snake Guard.

With the ambush and the speed increase from Wind Blade, the Twin-headed Snake was not able to react to the attack at all. Shi Feng’s two swords immediately stabbed it in the backs, causing damages of -76 and -61. Following which, Shi Feng used Double Chop, causing -103 and -89 damage, and leaving the Twin-headed Snake Guard with a Bleeding effect.

Shi Feng was fully equipped with top-tier equipment and high-leveled Skills. Even if the Twin-headed Snake Guard had a high Defense, the damage Shi Feng could cause was extremely high. If it were a Level 5 average player attacking the Twin-headed Snake Guard, with the level suppression and the monster’s high Defense, they would at most cause -3 or -4 damage to it.

The Twin-headed Snake Guard wailed in pain. It immediately spun its heads around, attacking Shi Feng. The other Twin-headed Snake Guard also came over, biting at Shi Feng. Shi Feng now received attacks from two sides at the same time.

Shi Feng slightly smiled at this. He used Thundering Flash, sending three streaks of thunder at one of the Twin-headed Snake Guards. However, the Twin-headed Snake Guard reacted extremely quickly; one of its heads blocked, while the other bit at Shi Feng.

The three streaks of thunder were blocked, causing an insignificant amount of damage.

Just as the Snake’s venomous fangs were about to bite down, Shi Feng used Parry and activated Windwalk. After blocking an attack, Shi Feng immediately turned around and ran.

The Twin-headed Snake Guards would naturally not let go of an enemy who angered them. Slithering at high speeds, they chased after Shi Feng. As for the unharmed Twin-headed Snake King, one could see boiling rage in its chilling eyes. It, too, slithered and chased after Shi Feng.

However, just after the Twin-headed Snake King moved several yards, Shi Feng’s doppelganger used Windblade and rushed at the Twin-headed Snake King. The doppelganger slashed at the Twin-headed Snake King’s neck, causing -24 damage. The Twin-headed Snake King was enraged by this attack. With the speed of a thunderbolt, the Twin-headed Snake King bit at the doppelganger.

As the doppelganger’s goal had been achieved, it, too, activated Windwalk, turning around and leaving.

Now, the Twin-headed Snake Guards were separated from the Snake King. Although the two Twin-headed Snake Guards were tough, without the support of their King, they were unable to stand against Shi Feng’s fierce attacks. One move after another, Shi Feng’s blades would always strike at the vital points of the Twin-headed Snake Guards. After all, the Silvermoon Set Equipment was not just for show. Right now, Shi Feng’s Agility exceeded 60 points. Even if the Twin-headed Snake Guards could defend against one of Shi Feng’s attacks in time, they would still be struck by his other sword. Every sword that landed would take away 60 to 70 HP, while the occasional Critical Hit would cause over -150 damage.

Shi Feng’s sword strikes were like a fierce gale passing by. The sword strikes constantly landed on the two Twin-headed Snake Guards, causing their HP to fall madly. Within a few moments, the two Twin-headed Snake Guards breathed their last breaths.

After looting the drops, Shi Feng rushed at the Twin-headed Snake King.

Currently, the doppelganger’s HP had fallen below 30%. It was exhausting itself trying to pin down the Twin-headed Snake King. The Rare Elite’s attacks were extremely quick. It would, from time to time, spit out a poisonous fog, enveloping a large area with it. The doppelganger only possessed 50% of the original body’s Attributes, so it could only constantly defend and escape. Otherwise, it would have long since dropped dead.

However, now that the original body had arrived, the doppelganger did not need to pin down the Twin-headed Snake King any longer.

Shi Feng immediately used Nine Dragons Slash, shooting out nine phantoms of the Abyssal Blade. Shi Feng then used Defensive Blade, his attack range greatly increasing.

He could only attack from afar when facing the Twin-headed Snake King who was capable of spewing out poisonous fog. If he were to enter a melee with the Twin-headed Snake King, he would not last twenty seconds. Even if he were to activate all of his life-saving skills, he still would not survive.

The Twin-headed Snake King was very cunning. When facing Shi Feng, one of its heads defended against Shi Feng’s attacks while its other head constantly attacked his doppelganger, paying no attention to Shi Feng himself.

After three to four hits, the doppelganger could no longer take it, vanishing.

Meanwhile, the Twin-headed Snake King’s HP was still over 70%. Its other head now turned to stare at Shi Feng. It opened its mouth, spitting out a mouthful of poison. The poison was like an arrow as it shot towards Shi Feng.

Shi Feng’s expression suddenly sank. His body dodged sideways, avoiding the poison.

When the poisonous fluid struck a sandstone, the fluid immediately passed through, leaving behind a large hole. This was the Twin-headed Snake King’s Corroding Acid. If one were to block it, though a Secret-Silver Weapon might still be fine, a Common Weapon would immediately melt. As for a Bronze Weapon, its Durability would, at least, be reduced by half and taking two hits from the Corroding Acid would turn it into scrap.

In such a way, one man and one snake started maintaining their distance between each other, attacking and dodging. Shi Feng madly slashed his swords, streak after streak of sword light filling up the area. Meanwhile, the Twin-headed Snake King’s two heads spat out poison without halt, leaving behind countless holes. From time to time, it would also fill a large area with a poisonous fog, leaving not even a blade of grass alive.

From time to time, Shi Feng would be poisoned during battle. After over ten minutes of constant battle, even though Shi Feng was constantly drinking Basic Regeneration Potions as soon as the Cooldown was finished, his remaining HP was only at 8%. Meanwhile, the Twin-headed Snake King still had 14% of its HP remaining.

Seeing as both their HPs were low, the Twin-headed Snake King revealed a sinister look. Its size faintly increased by a fold; then, suddenly, it leaped into the air. One of its heads widely opened its mouth, revealing its snow-white poisonous fangs, while its other head spewed out poisonous fog. The Twin-headed Snake King used an attack pattern that contained both attack and defense, and as long as Shi Feng closed in on it, he would be trapped in the harmful fog.

“Going all out now?” Currently, Shi Feng could withstand the poisonous fog for 3 seconds at best or take one strike from the Snake King itself. Hence, Shi Feng took out a bottle of Basic Regeneration Potion from his bag, gulping it down and recovering 180 HP. In his other hand, Shi Feng took out a Polymorph Scroll.

Just as the Twin-headed Snake King was about to land, it was immediately turned into a sheep.

Thundering Flash! Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Chop!

Double Chop!

Earth Splitter!

After a series of attacks, the Twin-headed Snake King only had 5% of its HP remaining. However, it had transformed back into its original form, while its surroundings were filled with poisonous fog. The Twin-headed Snake King’s recovery speed increased by a fold while inside the fog, while its enemies would madly lose their HP. Shi Feng immediately retreated, using Abyssal Bind on the Twin-headed Snake King. Shi Feng then took out the Tier 1 Magic Scroll, Continuous Flame Bombs, and started chanting.

Five large Fireballs smashed onto the Twin-headed Snake King’s body, taking away the last of its HP. The Twin-headed Snake King dropped four items as it died.

System: Twin-headed Snake King killed. Level difference of 5. EXP obtained increased by 500%. Obtained 5,000 EXP.

Shi Feng finally loosened his breath. As expected, a Level 10 Rare Elite was extremely hard to deal with. If he did not possess the Silvermoon Set Equipment and the Tier 1 Magic Scroll, he would have been the one to die in this battle. Fortunately, Shi Feng killed it.

Amongst the four items dropped, there was the Level 8 Mysterious-Iron Staff, Song of Life, meant for Clerics. Its overall Attributes were quite good, and it also increased the levels of Recovery Skills by +1. It was absolutely a top-tier Staff. The next item was a Level 10 Bronze Cross Shield with average Attributes. However, Shields were considered rare items, so it was already pretty good that one dropped. The final two items were the Snake King’s Gall and the Snake King’s Skin. Both were rare materials in making Poison and Leather Armor.

The Quest Items had already been collected, so after some rest, Shi Feng returned to turn in the Quests. He obtained the rare forging materials, and his experience increased to 91% of Level 5, just a little more before reaching Level 6.

Looking at the time, it was not long before the arranged meeting time. So, Shi Feng started heading towards the Level 8 area, Physis Canyon.