Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 83 - Second Meeting

Physis Canyon, a paradise on earth, it was a place filled with lush green vegetation. Multiple streams of water flowed through the canyon, while flocks of birds flew in the sky above. The forest, as well, was filled with the sounds of hundreds of birds squabbling with each other.

Although this place was beautiful, right now, there was not a single player that came here to level up. After all, the highest leveled player right now was just Level 6. Normally, they would be safely leveling up in Level 6 or Level 7 areas. Physis Canyon was a Level 8 monster area, and Level 9 monsters could even be found in the inner areas. For a short period, there wouldn’t be any players coming to disturb this place.

More importantly, Shi Feng was here for the Unique Quest “Steel Fortress Barrutia.” This Quest was extremely important for him to establish his future Guild.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, the player who completed this Unique Quest, just by relying on the Quest rewards alone, increased a second-rate Guild’s standing to first-rate. However, now that Shi Feng had received this Unique Quest, he would use it to benefit the Guild he would establish.

After entering the canyon, Shi Feng used the Demon’s Mask to alter his own appearance. He transformed the silvery-white Silvermoon Set Equipment into a suit of shining pitch black Set Equipment. It could be called the Blackmoon Set Equipment. Shi Feng also altered his face into one of an older gentleman, his age around 26 to 27. He then donned a black cloak, his face hidden within the cloak. At first glance, his appearance exuded a strong sense of mystery, allowing others to think he was a man with a story.

Shi Feng’s get-up was somewhat similar to the Night Ranger[1], only he had two longswords hanging on his back rather than a simple black bow. Moreover, Shi Feng was not of the Night Elf race.

Now that Shi Feng had disguised himself, nobody would be able to recognize who he was. Even with Gentle Snow’s discerning eyes, it was impossible for her to recognize him.

Arriving at the meeting location, Shi Feng discovered Gentle Snow and her group had yet to arrive.

Shi Feng called out the System Notifications, taking a look at the sales condition of the Forging Designs this time around.

“Sold out already?” Shi Feng looked at the series of notifications, his eyes almost shining.

There were over ten notifications from the Auction House, and every one of them notified him that he had an increase of around 3 Gold Coins.

Shi Feng auctioned a total of 20 pieces of Forging Designs, yet, they were sold at an average price of 3 Gold Coins. One could just imagine how desperate these Guilds were. However, compared to the price of 3 Gold Coins, these Guilds that bought the Forging Designs could also, very quickly, earn that money back. God’s Domain had only officially started three days ago. Along with the increase in time, there would be more and more people joining God’s Domain. The number of new players might even exceed that of the old players. These new players were the main consumers, and the supply Level 3 Glimmer Chestplates would be unable to meet the demand. In a short period, the value of the Glimmer Chestplate would not depreciate, and instead, its value might even increase.

However, Shi Feng’s goal had already been met, so he no longer planned to make more Glimmer Chestplate Forging Designs to earn money. Right now, his bag was holding over 50 Gold Coins. These Coins were the entirety of the fluid funds of more than ten large Guilds. If Shi Feng were to use all of it to operate a Guild, how formidable would this be? Unfortunately, money was not the only thing needed to operate a Guild.

Shi Feng took out 20 Gold Coins and registered them on the Virtual Trade Center. After all, he couldn’t just keep all those Gold Coins on hand. If he did that, he would be throwing money away. Based on the selling price right now, these 20 Gold Coins were worth 180,000 Credits. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Shi Feng did not imagine things would go so smoothly. He earned so many Credits in just three short days. However, if he wanted to start a good Workshop, such a small amount of money was still insufficient.

To start up Shadow Workshop, Lan Hailong invested five million Credits from the start. In the following month, he even invested over ten million Credits. One could just imagine how much money it took to start up a Workshop, not to mention a Guild with thousands or tens of thousands of members. However, after the Workshop and Guild were established, things would be greatly different.

To a Guild, hundreds of thousands of Credits was nothing.

Shi Feng still needed to earn a lot of money.

Hence why Shi Feng had chosen to work with Gentle Snow secretly.

“Are you Black Flame?” a voice as crisp as a jade falling to the ground came from behind Shi Feng.

Shi Feng turned around, discovering Gentle Snow’s beautiful figure walking over while sizing him up. Although it was their second time meeting, he was still unaccustomed to Gentle Snow’s attentive gaze. In a slightly deep tone, Shi Feng said, “Correct. I am.”

Hearing Shi Feng’s answer, moreover receiving the information proving Black Flame’s identity, Gentle Snow’s beautiful eyes focused. She secretly used an Observation skill.

Suddenly, Gentle Snow stared blankly. She was unable to discern Shi Feng’s name. The information only showed him as an unknown Level 5.

Gentle Snow originally thought that Black Flame only had good forging skills, many lucky encounters, superior strategies, and relatively good gaming skills. She never imagined that Black Flame’s gaming skills were not just the average kind of good. He was definitely a top-tier expert. Otherwise, he would not be able to obtain such a high-grade item.

Special Items that could hide a person’s identity, even Ouroboros did not possess a single one of such an item. They had also never heard of any other first-rate Guilds obtaining one. Meanwhile, not only did the mysterious man in front of her possess such an item, but Gentle Snow could also feel a powerful strength emanating from the equipment he was wearing. Even though the equipment’s special effects were hidden, a single glance at the equipment’s delicate make and the magical markings circling it told Gentle Snow that it was a set. In fact, Black Flame’s equipment might not be any worse than hers. Her equipment was obtained through the efforts of the Elite party behind her. How much time had they spent obtaining them? How did the man in front of her obtain such good equipment?

Gentle Snow attentively gazed at Shi Feng. She was even starting to suspect whether or not Black Flame was a player or the leader of a mysterious organization. Otherwise, how would he possess such financial and physical resources to carry out all those tasks? His title of Chief Forger was even publicly acknowledged by the players of Star-Moon Kingdom. Just carrying out tasks such as forging and organizing would take up most of his time, so how was it possible he obtained such a good set of equipment?

“Hello, I am called Gentle Snow, First Vice Leader of Ouroboros.” Gentle Snow stretched out her jade-white hand in a very formal manner. It was different from the casual meeting when Shi Feng first met her, where she regarded Shi Feng with a superior attitude.

The party members behind Gentle Snow were all shocked. They never imagined their leader would actually take the initiative to shake hands with someone else.

Was this older gentleman in front of them that powerful to necessitate such formality?

Zhao Yueru, who stood behind Gentle Snow, was constantly sizing up Shi Feng with her beautiful eyes. Prior to this meeting, Shi Feng’s series of performances had caused her to become very interested in him. Now that she was meeting him in person, she discovered that Shi Feng’s entire body was exuding a mature and calm feeling, causing others to pay attention to him inadvertently. Now that even Gentle Snow had given her approval, Zhao Yueru had a faintly better impression of him.

“Hello, you can address me as Black Flame.” Not wanting to act too aloof, Shi Feng shook hands with Gentle Snow. He discovered that her hand was very soft and smooth as expected. If Blackie were to know of this incident, he would most likely shake Shi Feng’s hands, then not wash them for three days.

The reason why Shi Feng did not completely alter the Silvermoon Set Equipment’s appearance was to awe and intimidate them. Seeing the satisfying results, Shi Feng got right to the point and said, “I have contacted you this time to cooperate with your Ouroboros. I wonder what your opinion of this is?”

“Of course, we welcome it very much. If you are willing to become the Chief Forger of our Ouroboros, just state your price,” Gentle Snow said with confidence. She guessed that Shi Feng would demand an exorbitant price. However, as long as they could successfully poach Shi Feng, then everything would be worth it. Moreover, with her current influence, satisfying Shi Feng’s appetite was no problem at all.

“Miss Snow, I think you are misunderstanding something here. I will not be joining your Guild. Instead, I will be using an equal status to cooperate with your Guild. If Miss Snow is unable to make this problem clear, we do not need to continue this discussion.”

Finished speaking, Shi Feng turned to leave.

TL Notes:

[1] Night Ranger: a Special Elite found in the Deathly Forest Dungeon, mentioned in Chapter 25.