Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 92 - Virtual Reality

Inside a finely decorated office, a robust man with thick eyebrows sat in an office chair as his fingers tapped on the desk. In his other hand, he was flipping through a thick stack of resumes.

Dang! Dang! Dang!

“Enter,” the man with the thick eyebrows said in a deep tone.

“Brother Zhang, I’ve done the thing that you asked of me.” Wu Yi gently opened the door and carefully entered. He then stood, panicked, in front of the desk.

Although it was not his first time meeting Shadow’s person-in-power, Zhang Luowei, he still felt an intense pressure every time they met. He was always scared and on edge whenever he spoke with this person.

In Shadow Workshop, aside from Lan Hailong, Zhang Luowei’s authority was the highest. Moreover, Zhang Luowei was the champion of Jin Hai University’s fighting competition. He was also one of the hot contenders for becoming the champion of Jin Hai City’s fighting competition. Even Lan Hailong was respectful before this person, as one of the main reasons why Shadow became so popular within the university was due to Zhang Luowei’s personal fame.

“Sit. Tell me about it.” Zhang Luowei placed the resumes to a side, his finger pointing towards the leathered sofa in front of his desk.

Although Zhang Luowei looked like an amiable person, Wu Yi knew that, below that appearance, there was an abyss-like horror. Zhang Luowei’s personality was both vicious and merciless. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to suppress fighting experts like Zhou Yuhu and others.

After some thought, Wu Yi slightly organized his words before saying, “Brother Zhang, the others have already agreed. It is only that Blackie that is a stone inside a latrine pit, both smelly and hard. He wouldn’t agree, no matter what, and he had joined a newly established Workshop called Zero Wing. He even said that it was beneath him to join a trash Workshop like Shadow.”

“Not willing to join, is it? He’s even joined Zero Wing Workshop?” Zhang Luowei displayed contemplation as he smiled. However, inside his eyes, a cold glint flashed, “What is the origin of this Zero Wing Workshop? Why haven’t I heard of it before?” RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

“Brother Zhang, Zero Wing Workshop was established by a Year Four student named Shi Feng. I heard that this Workshop has nothing at all. They are also buying their gaming facilities only today. However, that person is quite rich. He offered Blackie a basic monthly salary of 20,000 Credits. He even wanted me to bring back word to Brother Zhang, telling you to stop trying to poach members of other Workshops and take care of your own land.” Wu Yi was very angry while he spoke, “When I heard this, even I couldn’t bear to stomach it. They are just a greenhorn Workshop, yet they dare to challenge Shadow. Brother Zhang, how about I take some men to extinguish their overwhelming attitude?”

“Shi Feng, is it? I seem to have heard this name before.” Zhang Luowei wrinkled his brows slightly, trying to figure out where he heard this name. However, after thinking for some time, he still could not recall. He shook his head, saying, “Don’t bother with them. In a few days, the school will be holding the annual Fellowship Party. This is a great chance for Shadow to have a meteoric rise, so we don’t have the time to waste on these little Workshops.”

“Right, you organize the newly recruited members and have them quickly level up. The Guilds in White River City will be starting the competition over the honor of getting the First Clear for the twenty-man Dungeon very soon. We also have to fight for the fame obtaining the First Clear of a Level 5 Dungeon.”

“Yes! You can rest assured, Brother Zhang. I will help them quickly rise to Level 5,” Wu Yi clapped his chest, assuring.

Elsewhere, Shi Feng brought Blackie along to purchase two advanced virtual gaming helmets.

Although the current virtual reality technology was very advanced, the basic helmet was a cheaply made in consideration of the general masses. Its degree of synchronization was just 80%. However, the advanced version of the helmet could reach up to 90% synchronization, and the user’s five senses would become much more sensitive. Although the difference did not seem too great, during a battle between equal strengths, this small difference would be the determining factor of victory or defeat.

The battles in God’s Domain were always life or death battles. Moreover, the penalty of a single death was a great amount of EXP and Skill Proficiency. Hence, most large-scale Workshops would allocate an advanced virtual gaming helmet to all their official members .

Previously, Shi Feng did not have the money to purchase even a basic gaming helmet. Now that he had the money, however, he naturally would not fall behind in this aspect.

After purchasing the advanced gaming helmets, Shi Feng found a good restaurant and ordered some high-class nutrition meals. He ate with Blackie as they talked about the future development of their Workshop.

Such a situation made Blackie feel like he was in a dream.

God’s Domain had only been running for slightly more than three days. Not only had Shi Feng solved the problem of the gaming helmets, but Shi Feng also brought him to a high-class restaurant for a meal and discussion of the matters of developing their Workshop.

The more unbelievable thing was that Shi Feng unhesitatingly gave him a salary of 20,000 Credits. Just how many university students’ dream was it to have a monthly salary of 20,000 Credits? On the other hand, he hadn’t even helped Shi Feng out much, yet, he was able to obtain such a salary. Although Blackie did not voice it, inwardly, he was extremely moved. He felt extremely apologetic to Shi Feng, so he silently swore that he would work hard to be of help to Shi Feng.

Shi Feng and Blackie conversed for a long time. They properly discussed the matters regarding the future development of their Workshop. They also prepared to officially recruit Lonely Snow and the others, establishing a real Workshop. The remaining matters were to find a location to set up their Workshop, purchasing facilities for the Workshop, and the Workshop’s administration.

“Brother Feng, leave these to me since I’m usually doing nothing during the day. It is already hard on you just to level up and earn money. Anyway, I am an Economy and Management major, so it is a great chance for me to display my specialty. I guarantee that you will be satisfied,” Blackie assured. He couldn’t help but want to start his work immediately.

“Good, then I’ll leave it to you,” Shi Feng smiled. He felt extremely relieved with Blackie managing things.

After the two parted, Shi Feng sent a message to his parents. He then sent them 3,000 Credits, telling them not to send him living expenses any longer. He told them that he had already found a good job, and that he was able to support himself financially.

Shi Feng was still not ready to tell his parents about everything. If he were to tell them that he had earned over 200,000 Credits in just a few days, they would most likely not accept it. So, he might as well take it slow, gradually increasing the money he sent them. That way, his old folks would be able to gradually accept it, thinking it reasonable and fair.

At 7 o’clock in the evening, after having his meal, Shi Feng drank a bottle of C-rank Nutrient Fluid. He put on the newly-bought advanced virtual gaming helmet, starting his conquest in God’s Domain.

Upon entering God’s Domain this time, the sensation Shi Feng felt when he stood beside the large pool was completely different.

The cool breeze blowing... The sounds water flowing into the pool... The scratches and rust that were clearly visible on the steel walls... The faint smell of machine oil... Even the feeling of manipulating his own body had become much more relaxed.

Shi Feng flexed his body on the stairway. He then pulled out his swords, slashing out streak after streak of beautiful sword images. The sword images kept flickering in and out of existence, giving an unpredictable feeling.

“Eh. The feeling I had while playing God’s Domain in the previous life is finally back,” Shi Feng stopped waving his swords, extremely pleased with his current condition.

In his previous life, Shi Feng was used to using the virtual reality cabin. The virtual reality cabin’s synchronizing rate could reach up to 97%. In God’s Domain, if the System Interface, Status indicators and other such things weren’t present, players would be practically unable to differentiate between the real world and the virtual world.

After getting used to his body, Shi Feng felt that he should start searching for the Titan’s Heart.