Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 95 - Abyssal Devour

“Blackie, how are things at your place at the moment? What level are you guys at right now?” Shi Feng asked.

“Leveling up in this hidden area is just too awesome! There is still no one coming over here to steal monsters, and everyone is at Level 5 right now. Moreover, we obtained a lot of Wolf Meat and Wolf Skin, and our bags have long since been filled to the brim. Right now, we’re preparing to return to town and clear out our bags a bit,” Blackie excitedly said. In this short period of time, they had obtained four pieces of Level 5 Bronze Equipment from grinding on Forest Wolf Dens. Amongst them, there was a Level 5 Bronze Staff that allowed Blackie’s damage to increase by a lot.

“Full already? You guys sure are efficient.” Shi Feng was slightly shocked. A stack of Wolf Meat had 100 pieces in it. Previously, Blackie and the others had purchased plenty of Big Bags. Shi Feng never thought that they would be filled so quickly. How many Wolf Meat was this? If all of them were to be given to Violet Cloud to be made into advanced cookings, then it would become a huge profit.

“That’s right, you guys pass all of your Wolf Meat to a female Cleric called Violet Cloud. Just give out my name when you meet her. Afterward, you guys rest up a little and buy some HP and MP recovery potions, then wait for me at the Trade Area.”

“Brother Feng, are we going to go Dungeon-diving with the Snow Goddess?” Blackie excitedly asked, after recalling some things.

“En, so properly rest up. You’ll have to tense up your nerves after entering the Dungeon.” Shi Feng nodded his head, disconnecting the call.

On the other hand, Blackie had nearly jumped up in excitement. Originally, he had thought Shi Feng would not be bringing them along to the Dungeon. After all, their techniques were not that great. They would only be making fools of themselves if they were to go. However, since Shi Feng did not forsake them, what else did they have to say?

Anticipation grew within Blackie. He was fortunate enough to dive a Dungeon together with the Snow Goddess. So what if he would shame himself? It would still be an honor when mentioned to others. Regardless of what others may say, they would be players who had gone Dungeon-diving with the Snow Goddess in the same party.

White Sand Ruins, Stonehammer Town.

When the Town Mayor Blackbeard saw Shi Feng entering, he went forward and greeted Shi Feng in a very welcoming manner.

“Brother Ye Feng, you’ve come. The Fruit Juice you sold to me the last time was just too good! It captivated everyone in our little town. Now, we can’t sleep properly if we don’t drink a cup before bed every day,” Blackbeard joked.

“Lord Mayor Blackbeard, is this the Titan’s Heart that you wanted?” Shi Feng smiled, taking out the Titan’s Heart as he asked.

When Blackbeard saw the gray-colored, metallic sphere, his mouth suddenly opened wide in shock.

This shape, this color, this texture... It was exactly the same as the Titan’s Heart mentioned in the legends.

“Correct, this is the Titan’s Heart. It is exactly the same as the one recorded in the ancient records. I never thought that I would be able to personally see it in my lifetime. Brother Ye Feng, I truly did not think that you were such a powerful Adventurer. For bringing back our Blacksteel Dwarves’ glory, I represent all Blacksteel Dwarves in thanking you sincerely,” Blackbeard excitedly received the Titan’s Heart, continuously thanking Shi Feng.

System: Unique Quest “Steel Fortress Barrutia” completed. Rewarding 1 Blacksteel Insignia. Obtained Blackbeard’s Recommendation Letter. Obtained Advanced Book of Magic. Rewarding 10,000 EXP. Reputation at Blacksteel Town has reached Worship.

The large amount of rewards dazzled Shi Feng’s eyes. His level had also risen to 73% of Level 6. Such a leveling speed had even exceeded that of those leveling madmen.

Shi Feng did not care much about the amount of EXP. Instead, the other items were the most important ones.

The rewards this time far exceeded Shi Feng’s expectations. A Titan’s Heart that possessed no energy in it could transform a third-rate Guild into a second-rate Guild. However, right now the Titan’s Heart in Shi Feng’s hands still possessed a quarter of its energy. Shi Feng never imagined the rewards to be so good.

In his previous life, the player that completed this Unique Quest did not obtain such a bountiful reward. The player had only obtained a Recommendation Letter, an Intermediate Book of Magic, and reputation reaching the level of Worship. There was absolutely no Blacksteel’s Insignia.

[Blacksteel Insignia] (Fine-Gold rank)

Unique Equipment

User restriction: Ye Feng

The[e] Blacksteel Insignia is the highest medal of honor amongst the Blacksteel Dwarves. After equipping it:

Forging success rate increased by 5%.

Proficiency has a 10% chance to increase by 1 extra point.

When forging, there is a 1% chance to increase the forged item’s Attributes.

Shi Feng was shocked after looking at the introduction. This Blacksteel Insignia was literally a godly tool for forging. It was several degrees stronger than the Forging Talent. It was especially true with the 1% chance for an Attribute increase. That meant that, out of a hundred items forged, there would be one piece that would have its Attributes increased. If Shi Feng forged items everyday without stop, he would have no problem making three to four hundred pieces of equipment. In turn, he would have three to four pieces of equipment with their Attributes raised. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The thing players compared most when playing games was the quality of their equipment. Even if the Attributes on a piece of equipment was only slightly higher, when the Attributes of all the other pieces of equipment were accumulated together, the total amount would allow a player to exceed the others by quite a lot. Regardless of whether it was PK or Dungeon-diving, the player would have a great advantage in both situations.

Although Shi Feng did not know how much of an equipment’s Attributes would be increased, even an increase of a single point would cause an equipment’s price to increase by multiple percentages. If it was a big increase, then the price would increase by several folds; the price of a single piece of equipment could even rival the price of ten or more pieces.

The Blacksteel Insignia was an unexpected profit. Shi Feng’s main purpose for doing this Quest was to obtain the Book of Magic and Recommendation Letter, as both of these items were capable of allowing a Guild to rise up. It was especially true for the Book of Magic. Moreover, the one Shi Feng obtained was even an Advanced Book of Magic.

Aside from forging equipment, Shi Feng could also forge other items, such as Armor Kits, Gemstone Buckles, Alchemy Wands, and much more. Amongst them, Armor Kits were the most popular and also had the largest demand.

Generally, Armor Kits were capable of increasing either a Chestplate’s Defense or Attributes. These all depended on the Armor Kit’s quality and level. Meanwhile, the Book of Magic Shi Feng obtained from Blackbeard was for making the strengthened version of the Armor Kit: the Mana Armor Kit. The Book of Magic was a unique item, and there was only one of it in the entire God’s Domain.

In Shi Feng’s previous life, it was exactly this item that had allowed a Guild to earn a large sum of money, turning it from a third-rate Guild into a second-rate Guild.

As for Blackbeard’s Recommendation Letter, it would only be useful in White River City, so Shi Feng was still unable to use it right now.

however, now that Shi Feng’s Reputation in Stonehammer Town had reached the level of Worship, he could purchase a few Bronze Equipment, and even Mysterious-Iron Equipment, that would bind to the player’s character upon purchase. Moreover, the prices of these equipment items were very cheap, to the degree that even an average player at Level 10 could afford them. Stonehammer Town could be called the best location for players to obtain Mysterious-Iron Equipment. Hence, many players loved coming to this place to grind for Reputation. After their Reputation reached Worship, they would be able to gear themselves fully with Level 10 Mysterious-Iron Equipment.

Unfortunately, it was not easy to grind for Reputation. It was almost impossible for anybody to fully equip themselves with Level 10 Mysterious-Iron Reputation Equipment.

Moreover, a complete set of Mysterious-Iron Reputation Equipment was still somewhat weaker than the Bronze ranked Silvermoon Set Equipment. So, top-tier players all felt that it was below their dignity to equip it.

Although Shi Feng would not be equipping these items, he still had other uses for them. For example, using them to level up the Abyssal Blade. The Abyssal Blade needed to devour Weapons in order to level up. According to his understanding, the better the quality of the Weapon devoured, the higher the increase in Attributes of the Abyssal Blade. The Abyssal Blade was like a cultivating weapon, hence the reason it was so much more powerful than those Epic ranked Weapons. They were even capable of rivaling Legendary Weapons.

If Shi Feng nurtured it properly, the Abyssal Blade’s Attributes could definitely surpass a Legendary Weapon. Sadly, too many items were required to carry out such a feat. Even if it was the Guild Leader of a second-rate Guild, they would not be able to support such a heavy cost. There was also the risk of facing a huge backlash. It was why many players both loved and hated Magic Weapons.

In consideration for the Abyssal Blade’s Attributes, instead of feeding it the original one piece of Level 5 Mysterious-Iron Weapon, and ten pieces of Level 5 Bronze Weapon, Shi Feng decided to buy eleven pieces of Level 5 Mysterious-Iron Weapon from the Weapon Shop. It was unknown how much of an increase in Attributes such an action would yield.

Following which, Shi Feng called out the leveling interface for the Abyssal Blade. He then fed all these Weapons to the Abyssal Blade.