Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 99 - Dark Moon Graveyard

Gentle Snow’s single sentence determined the final verdict, not allowing anybody to refuse.

After having worked with Black Flame, Gentle Snow discovered the importance of Lifestyle Jobs. Although their influence towards God’s Domain was small right now, who could guarantee that it would remain so in the future?

Hence, she would not let even a single recipe that dropped from the Dungeon slip by.

With Gentle Snow’s approval, the confidence of the members of Ouroboros grew. Every one of them looked towards the foolish-looking Shi Feng.

Now that our leader has refused, let’s see how you are going to continue acting arrogant! If you have the ability, then form your own team to enter the Dark Moon Graveyard. We will have an easier time that way as well.

Shi Feng slightly wrinkled his brows. He did not think that Gentle Snow would be so resolute. He wondered what had happened to Gentle Snow to trigger a nerve in her. She was completely different from when they first met. At that time, there was still room for discussion.

However, Shi Feng did not have a clue that the person who triggered Gentle Snow was exactly himself...

“How about this, then? We’ll hold a party auction for the Lifestyle recipes that drop,” Shi Feng said. Without having any better options, he could only take a step back and make some compromises.

Hearing Shi Feng, Zhao Yueru covered her delicate mouth as she revealed a shallow smile.

“Ye Feng, stop dreaming. Team Dungeons only reset once every three days. The recipes obtained from inside are extremely important to a Guild’s development. How could we auction them amongst the party? If you insist on doing so, then we will just call in a few more of our elite members. That way, those enter the Dark Moon Graveyard will all be our members, and we won’t need to share anything with you,” Zhao Yueru’s tone turned chilling.

Zhao Yueru had already made her words extremely clear: If you are going to stay, then forget about the recipes. Otherwise, pack up and leave. We won’t be obstructing you on your way.

Meanwhile, Gentle Snow showed no signs of hindering Zhao Yueru. Her actions meant that she, too, agreed with Zhao Yueru’s viewpoint.

“Miss Zhao, please don’t get angry. Brother Feng doesn’t know how important the recipes are to you all. I apologize.” Blackie could no longer stand to watch this scene continue to unfold. Any more of this, and the final result would definitely be a separation. They managed to obtain the favor of the Snow goddess after much difficulty. Hence, they could not simply just let go of this chance to further advance their Workshop.

Blackie continuously hinted Shi Feng not to act rashly and to properly grab ahold of this chance.

Shi Feng could feel Gentle Snow’s resolute behavior. Such an attitude gave him a headache. However, it would not be easy for him to find another team to enter the Dark Moon Graveyard with. It was a Team Dungeon, after all. A certain standard of equipment, trust, and cooperation was required to successfully clear it. Moreover, players that were abruptly recruited might not necessarily be reliable. They might even bring adverse effects to the team.

“Alright then, let’s go with your arrangements.” It was clearly not wise for him to enter a deadlock with Gentle Snow right now. Shi Feng had no choice but to just give up this chance. His only choice was to look for new, reliable members after he finished the Dungeon. He would then bring them to dive into other Team Dungeons.

Seeing Shi Feng agree, Blackie let loose a breath of relief. On the other hand, Zhao Yueru was slightly pouting. She inwardly felt unfortunate that she was not able to chase Shi Feng away. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Gentle Snow did not pay attention to Zhao Yueru’s irritation. The time for the Dungeon’s opening already arrived. The other Guild teams were all entering the Dungeon, one after another. Hence, Gentle Snow said in the team chat, “Let’s go in then.”

Before entering the Dungeon, Gentle Snow had set the Dungeon’s difficulty at Normal. That way, after entering the Teleportation Gate, everyone would be sent to the Normal Mode of the Dark Moon Graveyard.

Team Dungeons were similar to Party Dungeons, in which they had three different difficulties: Normal, Hard, and Hell. However, Guilds that were not familiar with the Dungeon would usually start off by obtaining and understanding information from the Normal Mode of the Dungeon. They would then use the information obtained to prepare for Hard Mode and Hell Mode.

Right now, every Guild was competing for the First Clear of the Dark Moon Graveyard. They wanted to use this chance to increase their influence towards the players in Red Leaf Town. So, naturally, they would not start off by challenging a higher difficulty.

The team entered the Teleportation Gate, one after another. They all turned into a streak of white light as they entered the Dark Moon Graveyard.

Team Dungeons were unlike Party Dungeons. The map inside a Team Dungeon was extremely large. They were practically the same size as a small Town, with some being the same size as a city with a population in the millions.

The Dark Moon Graveyard was the first Team Dungeon available near Red Leaf Town, so the map of the Dungeon was relatively small.

Unlike the Team Dungeons in other virtual reality games, the main goal when entering any Team Dungeons in God’s Domain was to find the exit. As long as players could find the exit and leave the Dungeon, then they would have cleared the Dungeon. After leaving the Dungeon, they would also receive the corresponding Dungeon rewards.

Dark Moon Graveyard was different precisely because of this reason. Taking into consideration that this was the first time players of God’s Domain came into contact with Team Dungeons, the Dark Moon Graveyard’s difficulty was lower than other Team Dungeons. Players only needed to consider one key point when inside the Dungeon.

Survive!

As long as they could survive and leave through the exit, they would clear the Dungeon.

Immediately after everyone entered the Dark Moon Graveyard, a chilling wind ambushed them, causing their entire bodies to shiver.

It was past dusk in this place, and a red moon hung above the sky, shining down on the earth. Gravestones littered the wasteland, and the gigantic stones formed one gigantic maze. A strange atmosphere filled the place, coupled with countless wails of anguish.

“I’ll divide up our responsibilities first, so when the time comes, just make sure you do your own part.” Gentle Snow was not even the slightest bit shocked by the strange atmosphere. Instead, the corners of her lips curved upwards, forming an excited smile.

Although they wasted several minutes, they properly determined each team member’s responsibilities. That way, whenever anything unexpected occurred, everyone could react with the quickest time possible.

The team had a total of four healers, with two being Clerics, one Oracle, and one Druid.

There were two MTs in the team. One of them was a Shield Warrior; the other, a Guardian Knight.

Meanwhile, Shi Feng was arranged into the Dagger Party. The party’s main goal was to combat at the frontlines. On the other hand, Lonely Snow was arranged into the Protection Party. Their main goal was to protect the team’s lifeline, the healers.

“Alright, Scout Party, search for a path. We will follow behind at a slower pace.” Once Gentle Snow was satisfied with the team’s formation, she arranged for two Assassins to scout ahead.

After entering the wasteland maze, the two Assassins immediately reported the situation they discovered. Gentle Snow responded immediately, allowing her team to advance towards the best possible route and easily avoid the traps set up by the Kobold Assassins and Kobold Warriors.

[Kobold Assassin] (Common rank)

Level 5

HP 1,600/1,600

[Kobold Warrior] (Elite rank)

Level 5

HP 3,500/3,500

If they triggered the trap here, they would have to go up against more than thirty Kobold Assassins and seven or eight Elite Kobold Warriors. Such a situation would definitely cause major losses to the team.

Thanks to Gentle Snow’s quick decisions, the team inched closer and closer towards the maze’s exit. On the way, they only needed to kill a small amount of Kobolds. Even Shi Feng was slightly shocked by Gentle Snow’s leadership. It was as if all matters within the Dark Moon Graveyard were within the palms of her hands.

Zhao Yueru walked up to Shi Feng’s side, proudly saying, “What do you think? You should see how far apart your strengths are now, right?”

Shi Feng remained silent. He did not pay much heed to Zhao Yueru, his hand only tightening its grip on his treasured sword hanging on his waist.

“Humph! Speechless now, are you?” Zhao Yueru thought Shi Feng was tacitly agreeing, her heart feeling a wave of pleasure.

However, not long after Zhao Yueru felt pleased with herself, two blood-curling screams came through the team’s chat.

“Scout Party, what happened?” Gentle Snow hurriedly asked.

System: Player White Cry has died.

System: Player Wind Shadow has died.

“What happened?” When Zhao Yueru saw that the two players who died were both from the Scout Party, her heart filled with questions.

However, nobody answered Zhao Yueru.

Due the settings of God’s Domain, players were unable to initiate communication after death.

Everyone immediately tensed up. They watched their surroundings vigilantly.

The mysterious deaths of the two players informed the members of Ouroboros of one thing.

Both players who died had very good techniques. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have become elite members of Ouroboros. Their sudden deaths and the lack of even the slightest information could only mean one thing... this place had become extremely dangerous.