Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1047: The Method to Killing the Destiny Twin Witches

Translator: CKtalon

Devil Clown: Mythical

Life Providence: Devil’s Spokesperson

Life Soul: Devil Believer

Wheel of Destiny: Clown

Strength: 67

Speed: 80

Constitution: 62

Essence Energy: 78

Talent Skill: Stealth Travel, Reverse Magic Ball, Poison Blade

Companion Form: Soul

Devil Clown’s stats were somewhat extreme, but he was actually a very rare soul-type Companion Beast. By having the Devil Clown possess him in his soul form, he could use his various abilities. This was rather useful to Zhou Wen.

I wonder if I can kill the twin Destiny Witches. It will be interesting if I can have the two witches’ Companion Eggs drop. Zhou Wen had nothing to do, so he wanted to give it a shot.

It was definitely impossible to kill the Destiny Witches with ordinary methods. They seemed to have some special powers. Killing them was equivalent to killing the blood-colored avatar. If any of them died, the blood-colored avatar would die with them.

Zhou Wen had already attempted it before. Truth Listener’s Evil Nullification and the Heaven-Opening Scripture were useless. They were unable to withstand the kind of death power.

Now, Zhou Wen wanted Demonic Neonate to give it a go. Demonic Neonate was a powerful existence at the Terror grade. If she killed the Destiny Witch, would there be any problems?

When he arrived at the Destiny Witch Castle, Zhou Wen summoned Demonic Neonate and ordered her to kill the Destiny Witch.

Demonic Neonate used the Demonic Sword to kill the white-robed witch, but at the same time, the blood-colored avatar died with her. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Is this method useless? Zhou Wen frowned slightly.

However, he felt that there had to be a way to kill the Destiny Witches. It was impossible for there to be a dimensional creature that was absolutely invincible.

No matter how strong the Destiny Witches were, they were only at the Mythical stage. They hadn’t reached the Terror grade, so it was unlikely that they were that strong. However, because their abilities were so strange, a special method might be needed to kill them.

What kind of power can kill them? Zhou Wen thought to himself, hoping to find their weakness.

It’s probably unrealistic to kill them directly unless I have the ability to revive. Unfortunately, even Li Xuan doesn’t have the ability to revive, much less me. The Destiny Witches don’t seem to have any offensive strength. As long as one doesn’t draw their cards, they won’t be able to do anything to the opponent. It’s only because they control the door that leads to the garden that I have no choice but to draw their cards... Wait... Draw their cards...

Zhou Wen seemed to think of something as his eyes lit up. He continued thinking to himself, Their cards can kill, and they can open the door to the garden. Then, are there cards in the deck that can kill them?

In the past, Zhou Wen had always stopped after drawing the door-opening card. Now, he wanted to give it a try. If he continued drawing, would he encounter any special cards that might have a backlash effect on the twin Destiny Witches?

He arrived in front of the white-robed witch again. Under the double protection of Truth Listener and the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder, Zhou Wen began drawing his cards again.

Every card had a different diagram that represented different ways of death. However, to Zhou Wen, these ways of death were useless. After all, they were ineffective against him.

After drawing the twenty-third card, Zhou Wen finally drew the mask card again. The door to the garden opened.

However, this time, Zhou Wen didn’t choose to walk through the door. Instead, he continued drawing the cards in the white-robed witch’s hand, hoping to see if the remaining cards hid the secret to killing her.

He looked at the cards one by one, but the outcome was the same. Apart from the mask card, the other cards only had the ability to kill the opponent.

Zhou Wen didn’t discover any negative effects on the white-robed witch as he drew.

Could it be that I was wrong? These Destiny Cards don’t hide the secret to killing the Destiny Witches? Zhou Wen drew the last card. After flipping it over, he immediately felt the Truth Listener earring transform a large amount of Essence Energy before sending it into the blood-colored avatar’s body. Clearly, the target of this card was him and not the white-robed Destiny Witch.

Zhou Wen glanced at the white-robed Destiny Witch. She no longer had any cards in her hand as she stood there motionless. She had no intention of attacking or retreating.

Can a witch without cards be killed? Zhou Wen’s heart stirred as he decided to give it another try.

He summoned the Light Concealment Sword and killed the white-robed witch with one strike. The blood-colored avatar died as well.

This still doesn’t work? Zhou Wen thought to himself, but he felt that his train of thought wasn’t wrong.

Since he couldn’t kill the Destiny Witch directly, he had to think of a solution based on her cards.

Could it be that I have to finish drawing all the cards in the twin witches’ hands? Zhou Wen thought for a moment and felt that he had to give it a shot.

He entered the game again, but this time, Zhou Wen didn’t even look at the cards. He drew all the cards in the twin witches’ hands, leaving none behind.

However, the outcome was still the same. Among the 108 cards, there were two mask cards. The other cards were cards that could kill him, and not one of them caused a backlash to the witch.

Looking at the cardless twin witches, Zhou Wen wanted to try killing them again to see if he would suffer a backlash.

Just as he was about to attack, Zhou Wen’s heart suddenly stirred. He didn’t slash down with the sword in his hand as he glanced at the Destiny Cards he had drawn.

He held the two decks of cards in his hand, shuffled them up, and placed them in front of the two witches. “Do you want to draw cards?”

The expression of the twin Destiny Witches, who had been expressionless all this while, finally turned solemn. They stared at the cards in Zhou Wen’s hand and really extended their hands to draw.

The white-robed witch drew a black card, the card of the guillotine. Then, a shadow of the guillotine appeared over the white-robed witch. In the next second, the white-robed witch was beheaded.

‘Killed Mythical creature, Destiny Twin Witch (White).’

They can really be killed like that! From the looks of it, they have to abide by the rules of the Destiny Cards. Zhou Wen looked at the black-robed witch as she drew a white card. On it was the gallows.

Then, the black-robed witch was hanged. The game gave another notification: ‘Killed Destiny Twin Witch (Black).’

Although the two witches didn’t drop anything, it delighted Zhou Wen. He had finally found a way to kill the Destiny Twin Witches. It was only a matter of time before a Companion Egg dropped.

Unfortunately, the Destiny Twin Witches were Mythical creatures that needed two days to respawn. Otherwise, Zhou Wen would have farmed them dozens of times and have the Destiny Twin Witches drop to see what their stats and skills were.

Meanwhile, Ancient Splitting Tadpole’s time was up. Zhou Wen needed to choose a new Companion Beast to stall for time.