Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1061: Toad Palace

Translator: CKtalon

Boom!

Deep in Moon Palace, a terrifying explosion sounded. Zhou Wen saw a faint red flame flash in the distant fog. It was as though a building had caught fire. Mixed into the fog were flames and smoke, and the red glow in the white fog looked unnatural.

Is Wei Ge fighting? Zhou Wen felt as though the whole of Moon Palace was trembling.

The cold fog didn’t feel as cold as before. Ice Maiden scouted ahead as Zhou Wen followed behind her, heading deeper into Moon Palace.

In such a land of extreme coldness, it was Ice Maiden’s home ground. She controlled the frost aura, preventing it from injuring Zhou Wen at all.

As they walked, snowflakes floated out of the fog. Under the red glow of the flames, they looked like burning ashes.

Zhou Wen held one and took a careful look, but he was surprised to discover that it wasn’t ash or a snowflake. It was the petal of an osmanthus. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Could these petals be the ones Shen Yuchi wanted me to see? Zhou Wen summoned an ordinary Musical Note Sprite and placed the petal on it.

In the next second, he saw the petal transform into a strange light that fused into the Musical Note Sprite. The Musical Note Sprite immediately began to evolve.

It’s true! Zhou Wen was overjoyed as he hurriedly reached out to gather the petals that floated over.

These petals had magical effects on Companion Beasts, but Zhou Wen didn’t feel anything when he touched them. Clearly, they were ineffective on humans.

He gave a few petals to different Companion Beasts and realized that those at the Legendary stage could immediately evolve. However, those at the Epic stage only gained a slight boost in stats without any immediate evolution.

Just as Shen Yuchi had said, the petals of the osmanthus could only be used once. If they came into contact with the petals again, they wouldn’t be able to absorb much.

Even so, it was already very impressive. Zhou Wen wanted to collect more.

I wonder where these petals came from. I hope there are more. If I can get hundreds or even thousands of them, they will be of great use in the future. As Zhou Wen walked forward, he carefully gathered the petals.

Perhaps it was because Wei Ge had already cleared all the dimensional creatures in Moon Palace that Zhou Wen and Ice Maiden didn’t see any dimensional creatures wherever they went.

There were jade towers one after another, but there was nothing inside. It was cold and empty.

If it wasn’t for the crazy battle in the distance, Zhou Wen would have imagined that this was an empty palace complex.

He approached the flaming glow in front of him, and the cold fog dissipated. His vision also became much better.

One petal after another... There are already more than forty... Zhou Wen was delighted. In the future, when he obtained Mythical Companion Beasts that needed to be fed, one petal could advance them to the Epic stage. There would be no need to go to much trouble.

Suddenly, the flames erupted. They illuminated almost all of Moon Palace.

At that instant, Zhou Wen saw many things clearly. The most eye-catching was the huge osmanthus tree. It was thousands of feet tall and stood at the brightest spot in the distance.

Amidst the flames of war and the cold fog, the osmanthus tree was swaying. Large petals fluttered in the cold fog and flames like snowflakes or ashes. There were thousands of them—virtually uncountable.

Zhou Wen was stunned. He almost couldn’t believe his eyes.

With so many osmanthus petals, even if he could only collect half of them, there would probably be tens of thousands, not to mention if he collected them all.

With so many petals, can I advance all the Musical Note Sprites to the Epic stage? I now have nearly a hundred thousand Musical Note Sprites. If I advance all of them to the Epic stage, the Epic Musical Note Sprite legion, together with the unified command of the Golden Harp, will produce combat strength that’s probably stronger than ordinary Mythical creatures. Zhou Wen wished he could immediately rush over and take the petals for himself.

However, reason told him that there was no such thing as a free lunch in this world, nor were there any flower petals that he could pick up for free. He might not be able to return alive if he rushed over now.

Ensuing under the huge osmanthus tree was the most intense battle. There was no sign of anyone.

Terrifying cold air and flames shot out from there.

With Zhou Wen’s eyesight, he couldn’t see the battle. All he could see were dazzling lights. Without a doubt, it was a true Terror-grade battle.

Where did Shen Yuchi and Wang Qiuyuan go? Zhou Wen had been searching for their traces, but he couldn’t find any traces of them despite looking for so long.

They definitely didn’t go to save Wei Ge, but I didn’t encounter them along the way. They shouldn’t have turned back. Could it be that they really went to the huge osmanthus tree? However, considering the aftershocks from such a battle, I reckon ordinary Mythical creatures wouldn’t be able to withstand it. Would they really dare go there? Zhou Wen looked around and used the occasional erupting flames to size up his surroundings.

After watching for a while, Zhou Wen suddenly realized that Shen Yuchi and company’s target was likely not the osmanthus tree.

This is Toad Palace. Although the osmanthus tree is magical, the most precious treasure of Toad Palace isn’t the osmanthus tree. Zhou Wen observed the deeper parts of Frost Palace from afar.

The buildings there were different from the jade buildings here. They were made of osmanthus wood, forming pavilions and palaces.

Zhou Wen suddenly recalled something. Although Moon Palace and Chang’e were very famous, Moon Palace’s owner wasn’t Chang’e in truth. Moon Palace was only where Chang’e lived, not the Moon Goddess Temple. Moon Palace’s true owner was actually the Lady Supreme Yin, or rather, the Moon Goddess.

Supreme Yin and Supreme Yang had a lofty status in the East District’s mythology. Lady Supreme Yin’s status was nothing Chang’e, who had ascended simply from consuming an elixir, could compare with.

Could it be that Shen Yuchi and company’s target is there? The more Zhou Wen thought about it, the more he felt that it was possible. The area where the osmanthus tree stood was only a small area of Toad Palace. Shen Yuchi and company could completely circle around that area and enter the depths of Toad Palace.

“Let’s take a look over there.” Zhou Wen temporarily gave up on the idea of picking up the petals and got Ice Maiden to lead him around the battle and head deeper into the wooden buildings.

Compared to the gorgeous jade buildings, the wooden buildings looked ordinary, but as long as one realized that the wood came from the osmanthus divine tree, they would immediately feel that the wooden buildings weren’t that ordinary.

Shen Yuchi and company are indeed here. From afar, Zhou Wen saw Shen Yuchi and Wang Qiuyuan kneeling in front of a wooden hut. He didn’t know what they were doing.