Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1079: Perfection

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen stood up as he watched Cave Era admit defeat and leave the cube’s arena.

“Are you leaving?” the Moon Goddess puppet asked Zhou Wen.

“I have to return eventually.” Zhou Wen was somewhat nervous.

It was almost certain that Glimmer would advance to a Perfect Body, but Zhou Wen didn’t know if Glimmer’s advancement to a Perfect Body could advance him to the Mythical stage.

“Aren’t you going to hatch the Companion Beast I gave you?” the Moon Goddess puppet asked.

“In the future, I don’t feel like doing it now.” Zhou Wen tidied up his things and confirmed that he hadn’t missed anything. He temporarily stored Jade Rabbit and Ice Maiden in the Chaos Bead before waving goodbye to Moon Goddess.

Taking a deep breath, Zhou Wen switched to the Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping Art and used the Glimmer Life Soul to choose Earth as a teleportation target in the pocket universe.

His body instantly tore through the void. In the blink of an eye, Zhou Wen realized that he had returned to Earth and was standing in a desert.

Almost at the same time, the Glimmer Life Soul erupted with immense energy and rapidly transformed. The pocket universe in his body seemed to be activated as it automatically circulated.

In the originally empty desert, there was a baffling amount of energy. The energy was like countless meteors shooting from the sky to the ground.

This gave Zhou Wen a fright. This was because the meteors looked terrifying. Even if there were hundreds of Earths, they would probably be instantly destroyed.

However, that didn’t happen. When the meteors hit Earth, they passed through it without hitting it. It was unbelievable.

The meteor that struck Zhou Wen fused into his body and into his pocket universe, making it stronger and stronger.

Finally, the Glimmer Life Soul completed its final evolution and became a Perfect Body.

However, Zhou Wen didn’t have the time to observe what the Glimmer Life Soul had evolved into. The Lost Immortal Sutra in his body automatically circulated.

Zhou Wen was somewhat alarmed. Although the Lost Immortal Sutra automatically circulated, this was the first time it had automatically switched back while he was simulating other Essence Energy Arts.

Could it be that... I’m really about to advance to the Mythical stage? Zhou Wen felt expectant and uneasy.

His Slaughterer Life Soul automatically activated as it hugged Zhou Wen’s body as though it had fused with him. Endless Essence Energy surged crazily.

Zhou Wen, who was looking forward to advancing to the Mythical stage, suddenly realized that another Essence Energy Art was circulating in his body.

Ancient Sovereign Sutra... How can this be... The Lost Immortal Sutra is still circulating without switching. Why is the Ancient Sovereign Sutra circulating at the same time? Won’t there be a conflict? Zhou Wen was alarmed, but he realized that he couldn’t stop the Essence Energy in his body from circulating.

He didn’t know what was happening, nor did he know if it was a blessing or a curse.

In theory, it was very dangerous for two different Essence Energy Arts to circulate in one body. Now that the Lost Immortal Sutra and the Ancient Sovereign Sutra were circulating at the same time, Zhou Wen’s body definitely couldn’t withstand the clash of Essence Energy. The chances of him exploding to his death were as high as 99.99%.

As Zhou Wen was feeling uneasy, the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra began circulating.

It wasn’t just Small Perfection of Wisdom. All the Essence Energy Arts that Zhou Wen had cultivated began circulating.

Unlike the usual switching of Essence Energy Arts, the Essence Energy Arts were circulating at the same time. The Ancient Sovereign Sutra, Small Perfection of Wisdom, Dao Sutra, Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping, First Order of Chaos, Qi Refinement Art, Godfiend Era, and Demon God Bloodline Catalog were all circulating in Zhou Wen’s body.

Zhou Wen was alarmed and afraid. Others who cultivated two Essence Energy Arts at the same time would most likely die.

With the nine Essence Energy Arts coming together, it was equivalent to having his name registered with the King of Hell. Zhou Wen found it unbelievable that he wouldn’t die.

However, the nine Essence Energy Arts circulated in Zhou Wen’s body without any conflict.

This feeling was magical. The circulation path of the nine Essence Energy Arts had many conflicts, but for some reason, other than the Lost Immortal Sutra, the eight Essence Energy Arts felt like they were circulating in the void.

The eight Essence Energy Arts seemed to circulate in Zhou Wen’s body, but they also didn’t seem to be in his body. They were closely connected to his body, but they weren’t completely attached to his body. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

This magical experience had the eight Essence Energy Arts circulate under the support of Zhou Wen’s Essence Energy. If not for the Lost Immortal Sutra providing unlimited Essence Energy, it would be impossible for him to circulate all eight Essence Energy Arts at the same time.

As the eight Essence Energy Arts circulated, all sorts of Life Providences and Life Souls automatically activated.

What was even stranger was that the Life Providences and Life Souls had separated from Zhou Wen’s body, forming independent entities. Eight Life Souls that had fused with the Life Providences appeared in eight different directions around Zhou Wen.

Primordial Human Sovereign was the shadow of a sovereign; the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder was a book; the Supreme Hell King was Zhou Wen himself; the New Era was a ring with a clown symbol; the Chaos Egg was an egg; the Sword Pill was still in the form of a pill—it hadn’t changed into a sword; the Demon God Bloodline Catalog was a blood shadow. The blood shadow’s outline looked like Zhou Wen.

Finally, there was a constantly changing point. It looked like a point, but inside, there seemed to be countless stars circulating as they constantly changed.

Zhou Wen knew that it was likely the Perfect Body Life Soul evolved by Glimmer. He didn’t even have the time to look at its name.

These Life Souls were originally condensed by Zhou Wen. Although he had used a simulation method, they still had a blood connection with him when he used them.

But now, the eight Life Souls were unfamiliar and terrifying. Zhou Wen couldn’t sense the connection that he should have with them. It was as though they weren’t the Life Souls and Life Providences that Zhou Wen had condensed himself.

They clearly enjoyed Zhou Wen’s Essence Energy, but they didn’t belong to him. This feeling left him so depressed that he nearly vomited blood.

The only Life Soul that was connected to Zhou Wen’s bloodline was Slaughterer. At the same time, Slaughterer emitted a terrifying killing intent that affected Zhou Wen’s mind.

If not for Zhou Wen’s extraordinary willpower, he would have long been controlled by the killing intent and turned into a lunatic who only knew how to kill.

Hum!

At that moment, the eight Life Souls erupted with terrifying power. Zhou Wen was extremely familiar with the powers. He had used most of them countless times.

However, this time, the powers didn’t help Zhou Wen, but became his enemy.

The sword hum was like a song as the three thousand sword intents fused into one pill. The Sword Pill carried the supreme will of the Sword Dao as it slashed at Zhou Wen.