Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1080: Annihilation

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen didn’t think that the sword intent was terrifying when he had used Sword Pill in the past, but now that Sword Pill had become an enemy, he realized how terrifying the sword intent was from personal experience.

Under the suppression of the terrifying sword intent, Slaughterer’s killing intent erupted. Zhou Wen didn’t plan on taking action, but his body was driven by Slaughterer’s power. It was as though he was being hugged by someone behind him as he guided his attacks step by step.

Zhou Wen was somewhat depressed. Wasn’t he hitting himself? It wasn’t easy for him to condense the Sword Pill Life Soul and its corresponding Life Providence. It would be a pity if it was crippled.

Boom!

The sword beam clashed head-on with Slaughterer’s strength. Sword Pill tore through the Essence Energy and stabbed Zhou Wen’s palm at high speeds like a hot knife through butter.

However, the closer Sword Pill got to Zhou Wen’s palm, the slower it became. The Essence Energy resistance it encountered increased. When it was a few centimeters away from Zhou Wen’s palm, its forward speed was nearly reduced to zero.

Hum!

At that moment, Sword Pill suddenly changed. Its body transformed into a sword that broke through Slaughterer’s Essence Energy barrier. The blade pierced through Zhou Wen’s palm. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Damn it. I’ll be the first person in history to be injured by my Life Soul, right? Zhou Wen knew that he couldn’t hesitate any longer. He wanted to cooperate with Slaughterer and fight seriously.

It didn’t matter if it was condensed by him. If he wanted to live, he had to destroy it first.

Just as he was about to pull out the Sword Pill that had penetrated his palm, the blood shadow condensed by the Demon God Body attacked Zhou Wen from the other side. With a flash, it appeared behind him.

Zhou Wen turned around and brandished his fist. Just as he was about to strike the Demon God Body, the blood shadow that looked like Zhou Wen transformed into a blood snake that wrapped around Zhou Wen’s arm and bit at his neck.

Screw you. Zhou Wen made a prompt decision and headbutted the blood snake’s head.

However, the blood snake changed again. It flapped its wings and transformed into a blood bird, dodging Zhou Wen’s head strike. Its claws left several bloody marks on Zhou Wen’s scalp, injuring his skull.

The Primordial Human Sovereign and Supreme Hell King also attacked from both sides. One fist carried a brilliant divine light while the other carried invisible karmic sinflames.

Zhou Wen used his left hand to pull out the Sword Pill that had penetrated his right hand. He quickly moved, hoping to dodge the attacks of the Primordial Human Sovereign and the Supreme Hell King. At the same time, he wanted to summon his Companion Beasts.

However, the Companion Beasts didn’t react at all. Even Demonic Neonate didn’t answer his calls.

Two streams of light flashed and appeared in front of Zhou Wen out of thin air. He had just dodged the attacks of Primordial Human Sovereign and Supreme Hell King, so it was already difficult for him to afford any new strength. Furthermore, the two streams of light appeared out of thin air as though they were teleporting.

Zhou Wen could only do his best to contort his body. With his excellent reaction speed and calm mind, he dodged the two streams of light that appeared out of nowhere in front of his chest and the back of his head. He wasn’t hit by the fatal attack.

At that instant, the two streams of light vanished again, but Zhou Wen could clearly see that one of the streams of light was the New Era Ring Life Soul. The other was the Perfect Life Soul that Glimmer had just evolved.

Zhou Wen’s figure moved at high speeds as he took the opportunity to deliver a punch at Supreme Hell King. He wanted to kill one first, but he was surrounded by eight Life Souls and couldn’t use Companion Beasts. This left him overwhelmed.

However, when Zhou Wen’s fist struck Supreme Hell King, it didn’t hit its corporeal body. The palm seemed to pass through space and enter purgatory. The palm inside Supreme Hell King’s body was instantly enveloped by flames. In the flames, the flesh on the palm quickly disintegrated.

Zhou Wen hurriedly retracted his hand, but the injury couldn’t be healed.

Do you really think I’m easily defeated? Zhou Wen was infuriated. He used Transcendent Flying Immortal and the Heart Defying Sword. As his figure moved like an illusion, sword beams crisscrossed.

A huge ball rolled over. It was none other than the Chaos Egg. When Zhou Wen’s sword beam slashed at the Chaos Egg, it was instantly absorbed like water that had encountered a sponge.

In the past, when Zhou Wen had used these Life Souls to restrain others, he had felt extremely comfortable, but now, he realized how uncomfortable it was to be besieged by these Life Souls.

The easiest thing for humans to ignore was what they already had.

Only when he became enemies with his Life Souls did Zhou Wen seem to realize his Life Souls for what they were worth. It wasn’t that Zhou Wen didn’t understand them in the past, but that he couldn’t see it from this angle.

In the past, Zhou Wen could use their characteristics, but he never knew how it felt to be attacked by the power of these Life Souls.

Apart from the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder remaining motionless, the other seven Life Souls surrounded Zhou Wen as though they wanted to kill him.

Although Zhou Wen had pushed his technique and strength to their peak, he was still at a disadvantage in a one-on-seven situation. He was constantly injured by his Life Souls, making the situation rather terrible.

The injuries on his body made Zhou Wen increasingly calm. Slaughterer’s strength gradually fused with Zhou Wen. With the augmentation of infinite Essence Energy, Zhou Wen’s strength grew stronger.

If I can condense you, I’ll naturally be able to destroy you. Zhou Wen’s eyes were calm. Slaughterer seemed to have fused with his body as a whole, no longer hugging his sole Life Soul.

Seeing Sword Pill fly over again, Zhou Wen used his finger as a sword and stabbed at it.

At that moment, Zhou Wen’s Essence Energy already had the power of Immortal Slaying.

Pitting sword against sword, Zhou Wen’s sword aura and sword intent were stronger than Sword Pill. When the sword beams collided, Sword Pill’s sword aura instantly shattered. Even the sword body shattered.

The demon beast transformed from the Demon God Body had already pounced behind Zhou Wen. Zhou Wen didn’t turn his head or dodge. Instead, he rapidly retreated and slammed into the demon beast.

Terrifying Essence Energy directly shattered the demon beast formed by the Demon God Body, turning it into specks of splattering blood.

He suddenly extended his left hand and grabbed at his ear. The New Era Ring that he had teleported out of was caught between his fingers before it was crushed.

Zhou Wen’s every move contained the terrifying power of Immortal Slaying. Together with his strength and the augmentation of Slaughterer, he slaughtered his former Life Souls.

One Life Soul after another that once belonged to him was shattered by him. Sword Pill, New Era, Demon God Body, Supreme Hell King, Primordial Human Sovereign, Singularity, and even the Chaos Egg with the strongest defense were cleaved into two by Zhou Wen.

Apart from the immense power of Immortal Slaying, there was another important reason. Zhou Wen knew them too well.

No Life Soul could withstand a single strike from him. Once upon a time, he would have been enervated once he used the power of Immortal Slaying, but now, he could use it freely without weakening himself.

Only the final Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder remained floating there. The other Life Souls that Zhou Wen had painstakingly condensed shattered into dust.

Zhou Wen looked at the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder with a calm expression. He raised his palm and slashed down like a blade.