Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1086: Inscription

Translator: CKtalon

Clang!

The Demonic Sword automatically unsheathed itself and blocked the ancient sword.

To Zhou Wen’s surprise, the Demonic Sword failed to gain the upper hand in the clash with the ancient sword. It looked like they were evenly matched.

One had to know that not only was the Demonic Neonate terrifying, but it also had Grim Demon’s power inside. Grim Demon was already extremely powerful at the Terror grade. With such an augmentation, it only managed to fight the ancient sword to a draw. The ancient sword’s strength was shocking.

Out of Death Valley, Netherworld City, the Endless Sea of Stars, and Paradise Mountain, I’ve already entered Netherworld City and the Endless Sea of Stars. Netherworld City has some extreme horror in it. It’s impossible to see the real Netherworld City unless all the punishments are experienced. The Endless Sea of Stars also has terrifying existences like the Planet Devourer. Now, there’s actually such a powerful creature in Paradise Mountain. As it fights Ice Maiden, it can also use an ancient sword to fight the Demonic Sword. The four mysterious dimensional zones in the desert really aren’t simple. Zhou Wen stood there watching the battle in his Galaxy Shell Dragon armor. The shockwave from the battle between the two swords hit Zhou Wen, causing him to retreat uncontrollably. His feet left two deep grooves in the ground.

Amidst this impact, Zhou Wen discovered a strange phenomenon.

Under the impact of the terrifying sword beam, Zhou Wen realized that marks had appeared on his Wheel of Destiny.

Zhou Wen originally thought that the Wheel of Destiny had been injured by a Terror-grade power, or that the injuries from reversing the Wheel of Destiny hadn’t completely healed. He believed that these cracks were a result of the powerful collision.

However, he soon realized that this wasn’t the case. This was because Zhou Wen could sense sword intent amidst the cracks that gradually appeared. It was a familiar yet unfamiliar sword intent.

Three thousand sword intents... Zhou Wen was pleasantly surprised.

The sword intent was clearly the three thousand sword intents, but it was different from his three thousand sword intents. It was even more powerful and terrifying. It was a true Mythical sword intent.

The power of the Sword Pill is still around... Then, are the other Life Providences and Life Soul powers also around? Zhou Wen looked at the cracks on the Wheel of Destiny and realized that the cracks were swords. All the swords pointed out and condensed into the shape of the Sword Pill.

When the Sword Pill had completely formed on the Wheel of Destiny, Zhou Wen immediately felt an uncontrollable terrifying sword intent erupt from the Wheel of Destiny.

The sword intent was like an emperor ruling over the world. At the same time, a powerful sword aura erupted from the Life Wheel.

The ancient sword seemed to be affected by Zhou Wen’s sword intent as it abandoned the Demonic Sword. With a resplendent and terrifying sword aura, it streaked across the sky and instantly arrived in front of Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen felt the sword aura in his body fill up, nearly causing his body to explode. He couldn’t help but extend his hand and use his index and middle fingers as swords to stab out.

Boom!

A sword beam tore out of his finger and condensed into the Sword Pill that collided straight-on with the ancient sword.

The Sword Pill was shattered by the ancient sword, but the ancient sword was also deflected by the Sword Pill’s force. It deviated from its original trajectory and flew past Zhou Wen’s cheek.

Zhou Wen was pleasantly surprised. The Sword Pill and the Qi Refinement cultivator’s abilities still existed. However, the way they existed was different from before. They were even stronger.

If they were a simulation in the past, they had now fused into Zhou Wen’s body and become an instinct, not a simulated skill.

Before Zhou Wen could rejoice, he suddenly realized that the Sword Pill inscriptions on the Wheel of Destiny were rapidly disappearing. Soon, they vanished, preventing Zhou Wen from using its power.

Without the lure of the sword intent, the ancient sword was no longer interested in Zhou Wen. After being caught up by the Demonic Sword, it continued fighting.

What’s going on? The Wheel of Destiny had clearly engraved the Sword Pill and obtained the unique skill of the Wheel of Destiny. Why is it gone again?

Zhou Wen frowned in thought as he carefully recalled what had happened. He immediately had some ideas.

Zhou Wen focused and calmed his mind as he recalled his insights from cultivating the Qi Refinement Art and his understanding of Sword Pill.

He engraved his Wheel of Destiny with his mind. Indeed, as his thoughts and large amounts of Essence Energy surged in, patterns appeared on the Wheel of Destiny again.

Finally, the engravings transformed into the shape of the Sword Pill. However, this Sword Pill’s appearance was somewhat different from before. This was a Sword Pill that Zhou Wen had drawn according to his understanding, making it somewhat different from before.

Drawing the Sword Pill consumed a large amount of Zhou Wen’s Essence Energy, but with Slaughterer’s help, the Essence Energy expenditure wasn’t a problem.

Once the Sword Pill was formed, the supercilious sword intent appeared and attracted the ancient sword’s attention again. Seeing the ancient sword slash at him again, Zhou Wen stabbed out with the Sword Pill once more.

Boom!

This time, Zhou Wen was in an even worse state. He was sent flying as he rolled down Paradise Mountain like a ball.

However, Sword Pill still managed to withstand the ancient sword’s strike. Despite it shattering, Zhou Wen wasn’t injured.

Just as Zhou Wen had expected, the moment the Sword Pill shattered, the marks on the Wheel of Destiny vanished.

My Wheel of Destiny is called No Engravings. It’s very difficult to leave a mark on it. Even if it’s engraved, it’s only temporary and can’t exist for long... In other words, even with the Wheel of Destiny’s ability, it’s only temporary. Every time I use one, I have to engrave it myself... However, in that case... Since I can engrave Sword Pill... Can I also engrave other Life Souls? Zhou Wen felt mixed emotions.

Although he had finally discovered a way to use the Wheel of Destiny, this method was a little strange. Every time he used it, he had to engrave it himself. If it was a sudden battle, how would he have the time?

However, Zhou Wen soon thought of something that made him so excited that he immediately wanted to verify it. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

In the past, he couldn’t circulate two Essence Energy Arts at the same time, so he couldn’t use two Life Providences and two Life Souls at the same time. But now, it was different.

If the abilities of those Essence Energy Arts had already become his instinct, could he carve out two Life Wheel patterns at the same time and use two or more abilities?

Without any hesitation, Zhou Wen immediately used his mind to draw on the Wheel of Destiny again. This time, he wasn’t drawing the Sword Pill, but Primordial Human Sovereign.

He wanted to see if he could draw another Life Wheel symbol or if he could only draw Sword Pill.

The outcome delighted Zhou Wen greatly. As he inscribed his understanding and insights of the Ancient Sovereign Sutra, he indeed drew a pattern that resembled the Primordial Human Sovereign on the Wheel of Destiny.

The reason it was only a resemblance was because the Life Wheel symbol wasn’t the Primordial Human Sovereign from before, but an upgraded version. It was a true Mythical power.

As the Ancient Sovereign symbols appeared on the Wheel of Destiny, a shadow appeared in front of Zhou Wen. Without a doubt, it was the upgraded Primordial Human Sovereign.