Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1096: What’s Going On?

Translator: CKtalon

In the Darkness Domain, Zhou Wen walked towards Darkness Domain Devil. Soon, he arrived in front of it.

“Come, follow me into the depraved abyss of happiness...” Darkness Domain Devil lowered its head and extended its palms as though it wanted to lift Zhou Wen up. At the same time, its face approached Zhou Wen.

Just as its palms were about to touch him, Zhou Wen suddenly vanished. When he appeared again, he was already in front of Dark Domain Devil’s eyes. He held an ice crystal-like dragon tooth in his hand and stabbed at its eyes.

The tip of the dragon tooth was about to touch the eyeball of Darkness Domain Devil when a palm suddenly extended out of the darkness and grabbed the dragon tooth.

“You are still too young to play dirty in front of me.” Darkness Domain Devil grinned hideously. It grabbed the Dragon Tooth with one hand and grabbed Zhou Wen’s body with the other. At the same time, it said, “It’s no wonder you dare be so arrogant. You actually have a Terror item. This isn’t something that any Terror creature can condense... Ah...”

Before Darkness Domain Devil could finish its sentence, blood bloomed in its eyes. Demonic Neonate had stabbed it in the eye with Demonic Sword.

Darkness Domain Devil’s reaction was also extremely fast. It reached out to crush Zhou Wen, but when its other eye saw Demonic Neonate, its hand froze as its eyes were filled with disbelief.

Its palm unknowingly released Zhou Wen as he fell to the ground, turning into a Substitute Talisman in midair. Zhou Wen’s true body appeared elsewhere.

Demonic Neonate immediately retreated after a successful strike and landed in Zhou Wen’s arms.

“No... Impossible...” Darkness Domain Devil stared at Demonic Neonate as its injured eyes rapidly healed. However, it had no intention of attacking Zhou Wen. It only stared intently at Demonic Neonate with a look of horror as though it had seen a ghost.

Zhou Wen realized that something was amiss and had a bad feeling. He immediately unsummoned Demonic Neonate.

Darkness Domain Devil clearly knew Demonic Neonate, or rather, it had seen an existence similar to Demonic Neonate.

In the past, the fact that Grim Demon knew Demonic Neonate had made Zhou Wen feel that something was amiss. Grim Demon was ultimately a Guardian born on Earth.

However, Darkness Domain Devil was different. It was a creature from the dimension. It actually recognized Demonic Neonate and from its alarmed look, this was a huge problem.

If Demonic Neonate was really related to the dimension, who knew what would happen if the big shots of the dimension saw him using Demonic Neonate in the arena.

From Ya’s previous encounter, it could be seen that the fellows in the dimension were different from humans. They didn’t care about their reputation at all. They were very dangerous considering how unscrupulous they were to achieve their goals.

Now, Zhou Wen was somewhat glad that he had summoned Demonic Neonate in the darkness. Otherwise, Demonic Neonate would have been completely exposed.

Zhou Wen already had the intention to kill. He was just about to summon Banana Fairy and kill Darkness Domain Devil with all his might.

However, before Zhou Wen could take action, he saw Darkness Domain Devil suddenly retract its Darkness Domain. Even the Darkness aura on its body completely converged, revealing its true body.

The spectators stared at the black screen. They couldn’t see anything, but clearly, the creature Zhou Ming had summoned was definitely a Terror-grade existence.

Many people were worried for Zhou Wen, hoping to know the outcome as soon as possible. However, they were also worried that they would see Zhou Wen’s tragic death when the darkness vanished.

Even Zhou Ming himself couldn’t see anything in the darkness.

Suddenly, the darkness in the arena vanished. Not only did the darkness disappear, but even the black gas surrounding the Darkness Domain Devil vanished.

Only then did everyone see that the true body of the Darkness Domain Devil wasn’t as huge as they had imagined. It was only about ten meters tall, but it was already very majestic compared to humans.

It had a bull’s head and hooves, but its body and hands looked human. Furthermore, it was wearing a black robe. It looked very strange.

Seeing that Darkness Domain Devil was unharmed, everyone was alarmed. They hurriedly searched the other corners of the arena, worried that Zhou Wen had been killed.

Seeing Zhou Wen standing there perfectly fine without any injuries, they couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief.

“What are you standing there for? Quickly finish him off!” Zhou Ming was immediately disappointed when he saw that Zhou Wen wasn’t dead. He immediately urged Darkness Domain Devil to quickly kill Zhou Wen. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This was because the dimensional creatures he had come into contact with had told him that Darkness Domain Devil was invincible among Terror-grade existences. As long as he summoned it over, there was no way for him to lose.

The next second, Darkness Domain Devil finally moved, but its target wasn’t Zhou Wen. It turned around and looked at Zhou Ming, who was wearing the Darkness Emissary armor.

Its eyes shimmered with a sanguine glow like the eyes of the Devil. In an instant, Zhou Ming and the Darkness Emissary armor on his body exploded. Blood spewed everywhere, instantly leaving nothing behind.

This turn of events stunned everyone. They looked at the arena in a daze, unsure what had happened.

It wasn’t just humans. Many creatures in the dimension were also stunned. The eyes of the big shot who had arranged for Darkness Domain Devil to descend into the arena twitched as he had a strong ominous feeling.

Zhou Wen was slightly taken aback as well, but he quickly thought of something. Could it be that this fellow is the same as Grim Demon? Is it related to Demonic Neonate or her lineage?

Zhou Wen was momentarily hesitant. Should he continue summoning Banana Fairy to silence it? Darkness Domain Devil was very powerful, so it didn’t seem easy to silence it.

Furthermore, without the cover of the Darkness Domain, if he wanted to kill it without using Demonic Neonate, he would probably have to expose most of his abilities.

After all, this was a combat arena where one could admit defeat. Zhou Wen wasn’t confident that he could kill Darkness Domain Devil before it admitted defeat.

Just as Zhou Wen was hesitating and everyone was puzzled, Darkness Domain Devil suddenly took a step forward and genuflected. Just like Grim Demon from before, it placed its right hand on its chest and lowered its head.

“What’s going on?”

“What happened?”

“Wasn’t this thing summoned by Zhou Ming? Isn’t it a Terror creature from the dimension?”

“Probably...”

Instantly, the Federation was in an uproar. It made sense if Grim Demon had something to do with Human, but Darkness Domain Devil was a dimensional creature summoned by Zhou Ming. Why did it kneel after the screen turned black and lit up?

Only Zhou Wen knew that Darkness Domain Devil was kneeling to Demonic Neonate, not him.

“Little Yanyan, pinch me. See if I’m still dreaming?” Li Xuan said to Feng Qiuyan with a strange expression.