Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1098: Sea of Mythical Pets

Translator: CKtalon

Ordinary people couldn’t see Banana Fairy and Cave Era, but the four Mythical Companion Beasts could see them clearly.

“Ghidorah ... World Wolf... Dark Troll and Pharaoh...” Many people immediately recognized the Mythical Companion Beasts.

It wasn’t that they were knowledgeable, but that the four Companion Beasts were so famous.

Ghidorah was known as the strongest Strength-type Companion Beast in the North District. The World Wolf was known as the fastest Companion Beast in the North District.

Dark Troll was a famous Mythical Companion Beast in the West District. Its body was extremely powerful, and it also had the ability to use darkness magic. It was an excellent Companion Beast that practiced both magic and martial arts. It was said that no one had been able to defeat and kill it in the Darkness Abyss. No one expected Cave Era to possess the Dark Troll Companion Beast.

There was no need to mention Pharaoh. He was a divine Companion Beast with Mythical magic powers.

These four famous Mythical Companion Beasts had appeared together with Cave Era. It made Zhou Wen break out into a cold sweat.

This was because most people believed that Banana Fairy was what Human relied on the most. Now that Banana Fairy had been lured away by Cave Era, it was still unknown if Human could deal with these four powerful Mythical Companion Beasts.

Do you want to compete with Companion Beasts?

Zhou Wen saw the four Companion Beasts rush over, but he had no intention of retreating. He directly summoned most of his Companion Beasts that had appeared on the rankings.

The six Demon Blood True Dragons appeared out of nowhere and lined up in front of Zhou Wen. The last time he had gone to the underground sea, he had obtained another one. Now, he was only three short of the nine Demon Blood True Dragons.

Furthermore, the Demon Blood True Dragons were very strange. It didn’t drop every time, but when something dropped, it would definitely be a Demon Blood True Dragon with a different attribute. Zhou Wen had never had a Demon Blood True Dragon with the same attribute drop.

Zhou Wen guessed that it might be because the Demon Blood True Dragon’s Companion Beast had a unique characteristic. Perhaps after it dropped, no one else could get it to drop again.

Now, Zhou Wen only hoped to have the nine Companion Eggs drop before others went to the underground sea to kill the Demon Blood True Dragon. He wanted to see how powerful the nine Demon Blood True Dragons were.

“Wow... Six Demon Blood True Dragons... Three Golden Battle God Halberds... Splitting Ancient Tadpoles... Devil Clown... Night Immaculate Sword... And the fire-elemental knight who fought previously... The Invisibility Cloak should be here too... These Companion Beasts really belong to the same person...”

“What kind of luck is this... Six Demon Blood True Dragons... Three Golden Battle God Halberds... Holy sh*t...”

“Together with that beautiful fairy-like Companion Beast, how many Mythical Companion Beasts does this fellow have?”

“Is this fellow having an affair with Lady Luck? Why is he getting all the good pets?”

Instantly, everyone was alarmed. The four Mythical Companion Beast battle lineup from Cave Era were already very shocking, but the Companion Beasts Zhou Wen summoned couldn’t be called a battle lineup. They were like a sea of pets.

The originally aggressive Ghidorah was instantly surrounded by six Demon Blood True Dragons. The Pharaoh was being pursued by the three Golden Battle God Halberds. The Night Immaculate Sword transformed into a shocking sword beam that circled the World Wolf. Sword marks appeared on the World Wolf’s body as blood dyed its fur red.

Others believed that it was caused by Night Immaculate’s sword aura, but in fact, it was the invisible combination of the Light Concealment Sword and Night Immaculate Sword. It was just that others couldn’t see Light Concealment Sword.

The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General, Devil Clown, and Ancient Splitting Tadpole fought the Dark Troll. In just a moment, the Dark Troll’s skin and flesh were lacerated.

After being hit by the Devil Clown’s magic ball, he was immediately at a loss for what to do. He could only be thrashed by the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General and couldn’t dodge the explosion of the Ancient Splitting Tadpole.

As long as the Ancient Splitting Tadpole didn’t explode nine times in a row, it could slowly recover. There was no need to worry.

The onlookers enjoyed the spectacle. They couldn’t see the earlier Terror-grade battles at all. They could only imagine and make all sorts of guesses, making them feel depressed.

Now, in such a battle of Mythical Companion Beasts, although it might not be as strong as a Terror-grade, it was very satisfying watching it.

The only bad thing was that the Companion Beasts in the cave were being ganged up on. They could only suffer a beating. Occasionally, they could counterattack, but they couldn’t cause too much of a stir. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“If I had so many powerful Companion Beasts, I would dare vie with those Guardians.”

“Pui! I just need that beautiful fairy Companion Beast. That’s equivalent to having the entire world. What’s there to fight for!”

...

Luoyang’s An family.

“Overseer, Young Master Wen’s Companion Beast army is really terrifying. With so many Mythical Companion Beasts, I’m afraid he has the ability to sweep through the Federation,” An Sheng said as he watched the live broadcast.

“Companion Beasts are ultimately external forces,” An Tianzuo said.

“Companion Beasts are external forces. Guardians are external forces. Guns and cannons are also external forces. Humans are experts who are good at using external forces. Young Master Wen is already at the epitome when it comes to Companion Beasts. I’m afraid no one on Earth can compare with him,” An Sheng said.

An Tianzuo frowned and said, “If you have the time to think of so many words of praise, why don’t you think about how to resolve the problem of the accelerator?”

“Yes, Overseer. I’ll think about it now.” An Sheng realized that he had been a little too smug and things were going south. After giving a military salute, he turned around and wanted to escape.

“Come back,” An Tianzuo said coldly.

“Overseer, I’m aware of my mistakes.” An Sheng turned his head with a bitter expression.

An Tianzuo snorted coldly. “It’s fine if you blow his trumpet here. If that punk also thinks that he’s invincible with those Companion Beasts, he probably won’t even know how he died. However, it’s good that he’s dead. His death can bring me some peace.”

“Overseer, what do you mean? What means does the dimension have to restrain Young Master Wen’s Companion Beasts?” An Sheng asked carefully.

“Why would there be a need for the dimension to do something? According to what I know, there’s a Guardian who has a skill similar to a seal. However, it’s not a sealing of a person’s body, but a sealing of Companion Beasts. Under his influence, no one can summon a Companion Beast. If that punk is as arrogant as you, he will definitely die.” An Tianzuo drank a cup of water and added, “It’s good if such a fellow dies. That reduces the havoc he will create everywhere. The Federation is already chaotic enough. It’s good that there’s one less scourge.”

“Overseer, when this battle ends, I’ll think of a way to inform Young Master Wen.” An Sheng said.

“It’s your own business if you want to inform him. Why are you asking me? I can’t wait for that troublemaker to be taught a lesson,” An Tianzuo said expressionlessly.

“Yes, I’m the one who wants to tell Young Master Wen. It has nothing to do with you, Overseer.” As An Sheng spoke, his eyes darted to An Tianzuo. “But I don’t know where Young Master Wen is now. How can I contact him?”

“Don’t look at me. Don’t have any ideas about my voice transmission bell. Don’t think that I’ll lend it to you,” An Tianzuo said as he turned around and drank his tea.