Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1101: Suppressing A Terror-Grade Creature

Translator: CKtalon

Clang!

The tip of the wooden club collided with Blood Shaman’s saber. Zhou Wen immediately felt an immense force strike him as he was sent flying along with the club.

However, when Zhou Wen was in midair, he had already used borrowed force to dissipate the enemy force. He was like an immortal that flew backward in the wind. When he landed, the force was completely deflected.

Zhou Wen roughly knew that Blood Shaman’s strength was indeed stronger than his, but it wasn’t much stronger. It was probably around eighty.

However, Zhou Wen still didn’t understand what the ability obtained after Blood Shaman’s Terror transformation was.

Only a Terror-grade power could kill a Terror-grade, but the Terror transformation of Blood Shaman wasn’t as powerful as he imagined.

Blood Shaman sized up the wooden club in Zhou Wen’s hand as though he was puzzled.

He blocked it! The spectators felt mixed emotions when they saw Zhou Wen block Blood Shaman’s strike. Although he was at a disadvantage, he wasn’t severely injured.

It was undoubtedly a good thing that Human could fight Blood Shaman, but this also indirectly proved that Human couldn’t be a pure human. This was because it was impossible for a pure human to advance to the Mythical stage, much less fight a Terror-grade Guardian. This greatly disappointed many people who originally had fantasies that Human might be pure human.

Although half-humans could be considered humans, people ultimately couldn’t give up their prejudice. They yearned for pure humans to step onto the stage and compete with dimensional creatures.

“Is he really not pure human?” Li Benyi couldn’t hide the disappointment on his face.

“It looks like I’m overthinking it. How can a pure human be on the rankings?” Xia Liuchuan was somewhat disappointed. He really hoped that Human was pure human.

There were many people like them, and they couldn’t hide the disappointment on their faces.

In the arena, Zhou Wen used his sword art to fight Blood Shaman. His sword art was all-encompassing and compatible with three thousand sword intents. He could use any one of them to fight Blood Shaman. As long as he didn’t switch intents randomly, it would be difficult for anyone to recognize him as Zhou Wen.

To Zhou Wen’s surprise, Blood Shaman seemed much weaker than he imagined. It didn’t have the suppression that a Terror-grade should have.

Blood Shaman was faster and stronger than him, but the difference was limited. As for what abilities his Terror state had, Zhou Wen had yet to discover them.

As for combat strength and techniques, although Blood Shaman was very strong, Zhou Wen wasn’t weaker than him. As such, Blood Shaman failed to showcase the horror of the Terror grade.

Could it be that Blood Shaman’s Terror transformation ability is only to seal Companion Beasts? Zhou Wen wondered.

After all, being able to seal all Companion Beasts was a very transformative ability. However, Zhou Wen had a nagging feeling that Blood Shaman’s Terror transformation’s abilities weren’t limited to that.

Suddenly, Zhou Wen realized the problem.

This was because during the battle, Blood Shaman seemed to pay special attention to the white wooden club in his hand. He couldn’t help but think to himself, Could it be that the reason why Blood Shaman hasn’t unleashed his abilities is related to this wooden club?

Is this wooden club that powerful? Its owner didn’t seem that strong. It didn’t take Truth Listener much effort to kill it back then. Zhou Wen felt that it was somewhat unlikely, but other than that, he couldn’t figure out why Blood Shaman couldn’t produce the combat strength that a Terror-grade should have.

Zhou Wen hadn’t taken the initiative to attack Blood Shaman because he knew that only a Terror-grade power could injure a Terror-grade. Therefore, he thought that it was useless even if he attacked. All he did was block.

However, after having other thoughts, he immediately switched from defense to offense. He used the Heart Defying Sword and thrust his attacks at Blood Shaman’s vital spots.

To Zhou Wen’s surprise, Blood Shaman really began dodging, not daring to let the white wooden club injure his body.

Holy sh*t, Blood Shaman is really afraid of this wooden club! Zhou Wen was pleasantly surprised. He never expected the item he had casually stored away to be so useful. Furthermore, he couldn’t tell what was so special about the wooden club.

What’s this wooden club? And that metal disc. Could they be something good? Zhou Wen thought greedily.

With this turn of events, Zhou Wen’s attacks became even more ferocious. With the deterrence of the white wooden club, he forcefully suppressed Blood Shaman. Blood Shaman slowly began to retreat.

“Is that Blood Shaman at the Terror grade? It looks very weak?”

“It’s not that Blood Shaman is weak, but that Human is too strong. That sword art is simply godlike.”

“But his body looks very normal. He doesn’t look as strange as those creatures in their Terror form. Is he at the Terror grade?”

“He’s definitely at the Terror grade. Otherwise, how can he suppress the Terror-grade Blood Shaman?”

“I don’t think so. According to my experience, those Terror-grade bodies will have obvious changes. They might even become invisible to us, but Human remains of flesh and blood. He is still wearing ordinary clothes. From this point of view, he shouldn’t have used the power of the Terror-grade. It’s even possible that he’s not at the Terror-grade at all.”

“If he’s not a Terror-grade entity, how can he suppress Blood Shaman? Are you reading too much into it?”

People were divided into two factions. One faction felt that Human wasn’t at the Terror grade, while the other felt that Human was at the Terror grade. Even among the six families, many people had opposing views.

The battle hadn’t even ended, but the media had already started a war of words.

“Human is definitely not at the Terror grade.”

“How can he suppress the Terror-grade Blood Shaman if he’s not at the Terror grade?”

“Our Human is just strong. As a Mythical, he can defeat a Terror-grade creature. Can’t you just accept it?”

“ZZ, have you ever seen a Mythical creature fight a Terror-grade? Even Ya can only fight Jiuyue after breaking through to the Terror grade. Please wake up and stop fantasizing.”

“Ya is Ya, and Human is Human. Ya can’t fight the Terror grade at the Mythical stage, but Human can.”

As the two factions were embroiled in a heated argument, someone weakly said, “Could Human really be pure human? Without a Companion Beast, he’s only wearing human clothes and an ordinary helmet. He doesn’t seem to be a half-human like Ya.”

Such a suggestion was quickly denounced by the two factions.

“Do you have any common sense? It’s impossible for humans to break through to the Mythical stage by themselves.”

“Brother, although I also hope that Human is pure human, it seems impossible from what we know.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In an ancient temple on a plateau, Jing Daoxian looked at the white wooden club in Zhou Wen’s hand and frowned as though he was thinking about something. After a while, he muttered to himself, “That wooden club... Could it be the Mourning Stick of the Impermanence ghosts... Where did this punk get it from...”