Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1109: Immortal Culling Sword

Translator: CKtalon

The oppressive atmosphere spread silently. Everyone’s hearts were extremely heavy. The area in front of almost all the cubes was dead silent.

An Tianzuo stood up and stared intently at the screen. An Sheng’s nervous palms were covered in sweat.

“You have to come back alive.” Ouyang Lan sat in front of the television with the remote control in her hand. Her body involuntarily trembled.

Boom!

Truth Listener’s body was pressed onto the arena. The Door to Hell behind it shattered and vanished into thin air. The numerous evil spirits and ferocious beast phenomena also vanished.

Looking at Truth Listener struggling on stage, everyone’s hearts turned cold. All their indignation and anger vanished.

Anger was useless, and no justice came from it, so what was the point of being angry?

As Truth Listener was suppressed to the ground, the phenomena of deities descended. Countless deities attacked Zhou Wen from all sides.

Zhou Wen knew that this was his last chance. If Truth Listener was killed and he didn’t have any powers to restrain Di Tian, he would have even less of a chance.

Demonic Neonate hadn’t made a move all this while. Clearly, she couldn’t find a chance to attack. Facing the Calamity-grade Di Tian, her strength was still too weak.

He summoned Banana Fairy again. Banana Fairy protected Zhou Wen and blew out Supreme Yin Wind, blowing away the deities.

However, in Di Tian’s Calamity Domain, the power of the Supreme Yin Wind was greatly restricted. It could only blow them away, but it couldn’t take their lives. It was also impossible to blow them out of the arena.

With a thought, Zhou Wen held the Immortal Culling Sword in his hand.

With the white wooden club snatched away, Zhou Wen’s most powerful weapon was the Ice Dragon King’s Terror Item. However, the Terror item was of limited threat to a Calamity. Even if he used it, it probably wouldn’t be of much use.

Under the ratman’s control, the Immortal Culling Sword had once erupted with extraordinary combat strength. Furthermore, when Zhou Wen used Immortal Slaying, the Immortal Culling Sword had once trembled.

Now, Zhou Wen could only try his best. He took out the Immortal Culling Sword to give it a try. If it was really the legendary sword, he might be able to create a miracle.

However, Zhou Wen knew that the possibility was slim. If it was really the Immortal Culling Sword, how could it have been in the ratman’s hands?

Zhou Wen held the Immortal Culling Sword and fused with Slaughterer again to deliver Immortal Slaying.

However, the Immortal Culling Sword in his hand didn’t slash out. The sword seemed to freeze in midair, preventing Zhou Wen from swinging it no matter how hard he tried.

Furthermore, the Immortal Culling Sword was trembling slightly. The frequency at which the sword trembled was very similar to the frequency at which Zhou Wen’s Essence Energy fluctuated when he used Immortal Slaying.

To Zhou Wen’s horror, his palm seemed to be stuck to the hilt. He couldn’t shake it off no matter how hard he tried. Furthermore, his Essence Energy was crazily surging into the Immortal Culling Sword.

Zhou Wen had always believed that Slaughterer provided him with infinite Essence Energy that wouldn’t dry up no matter how much he used it.

However, Zhou Wen suddenly realized that the Essence Energy provided by Slaughterer didn’t seem to be truly infinite. It was only because there had been too much in the past that Zhou Wen felt that it was infinite no matter how he used it. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

However, the amount of Essence Energy that the Immortal Culling Sword extracted exceeded the Essence Energy provided by Slaughterer.

If the Essence Energy provided by Slaughterer was the sea, then the Immortal Culling Sword was a behemoth that devoured the sea. When the massive amount of Essence Energy was sucked into the Immortal Culling Sword, there wasn’t much of a reaction. Only the frequency at which the Immortal Culling Sword vibrated increased.

Even Zhou Wen’s body frequency was affected by the Immortal Culling Sword as it trembled slightly.

This trembling was very mild and almost undetectable, but Zhou Wen knew that the change in frequency had given the original Immortal Slaying a qualitative breakthrough.

This was originally a good thing, but the Essence Energy provided by Slaughterer was no longer able to withstand the absorption of the Immortal Culling Sword. The Essence Energy turned from an ocean to a river, and then from a river to a stream before gradually drying up.

After Slaughterer’s Essence Energy was drained, Zhou Wen’s body became the subsequent sacrifice. His essence, vitality, spirit, and even his flesh and blood were sucked towards the Immortal Culling Sword.

Zhou Wen was only at the Mythical stage and didn’t have as much Essence Energy as Slaughterer. How could he withstand the suction? Instantly, his body was sucked dry.

Demonic Neonate, who was in his arms, sensed Zhou Wen’s predicament. She pressed her tiny hand on Zhou Wen’s chest as large amounts of her Essence Energy surged into his body. Finally, the Immortal Culling Sword stopped absorbing Zhou Wen’s flesh and blood and instead absorbed Demonic Neonate’s Essence Energy.

Demonic Neonate had an abundant supply of Essence Energy, as though it wasn’t inferior to Slaughterer. It was even more massive, but even so, under the crazy absorption of the Immortal Culling Sword, it rapidly decreased.

Zhou Wen could clearly sense that the Essence Energy that Demonic Neonate had injected into his body was decreasing.

Before long, the Essence Energy in Demonic Neonate’s body gradually dried up. As for Demonic Neonate’s tiny hand, it remained pressed against Zhou Wen’s chest.

Zhou Wen could see that Demonic Neonate’s body was gradually fading. Soon, it became as transparent as jelly.

Demonic Neonate was a Companion Beast and not an ordinary creature. Her body was formed from pure energy, and her body gradually turned transparent. It could only mean one thing. Demonic Neonate had given him the last of her energy. Once her energy was completely absorbed, she would completely disappear.

“Leave me.” Zhou Wen forcefully engraved the Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping Art and used the last of his willpower to forcefully flick Demonic Neonate out and terminate her Companion Beast relationship with him, but he realized that he couldn’t control her.

As for Demonic Neonate’s body, it became increasingly transparent. At this speed, it would probably only take a few seconds before it completely vanished.

Zhou Wen sighed inwardly. He knew that even if he forcefully removed his relationship with Demonic Neonate in the arena, Demonic Neonate wouldn’t be able to escape. She would ultimately die.

Even if you have to die, you have to die after me. I’m a very selfish person. I don’t wish to grieve for others. Zhou Wen immediately injected his remaining strength into the Immortal Culling Sword.

Demonic Neonate was, after all, transmitting energy indirectly. She couldn’t do it as directly as Zhou Wen. Under Zhou Wen’s guidance, her already emaciated body, which was almost sucked dry, experienced a certain level of improvement.

Just as Zhou Wen thought he was about to die, an energy suddenly erupted from his body. It nourished his dry body like spring water and surged towards the Immortal Culling Sword.

Sigh of the King... Zhou Wen was alarmed and delighted. The Sigh of the King that hadn’t stirred all this time finally reacted.

Massive energy made up for the energy gap needed for the Immortal Culling Sword. A large amount of Essence Energy surged into it as the trembling the Immortal Culling Sword finally calmed down. However, Zhou Wen could clearly sense that a terrifying power was awakening in the sword.