Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1110: Slaying Heaven

Translator: CKtalon

Under Di Tian’s suppression, Truth Listener’s bones emitted cracking sounds. It was unknown how many bones broke as its body became severely deformed. Dark-gold blood flowed out of its seven orifices and wounds, dyeing the entire arena dark-gold.

“You are quite interesting, but what a pity. In your next life, remember to be born in the dimension. Don’t be associated with humans again.” The power in Di Tian’s hand grew stronger and stronger. The sky was filled with gods, Buddhas, and fairies—all of them bent on obliterating Truth Listener.

Everyone looked at Truth Listener, whose body was about to explode from the pressure. They were indescribably shocked as fear silently spread.

“You keep talking about humans. How irritating.” Suddenly, a voice sounded in the arena.

Only then did everyone recall that Zhou Wen still existed in the arena. Previously, their attention had been completely attracted by Truth Listener and Di Tian’s battle, so they had forgotten about Zhou Wen, the true protagonist in the battle.

They looked at Zhou Wen and saw him standing in Di Tian’s Calamity Domain with a sword in hand. Banana Fairy was beside him, desperately resisting the deities that were lunging at Zhou Wen.

Everyone was somewhat depressed. Although Human wasn’t dead yet, he would die once Truth Listener was defeated. After all, Human was only at the Mythical stage. The Terror-grade Companion Beast, Banana Fairy, could barely protect herself in the Calamity Domain. She had no right to fight Di Tian.

“Humans need to know their standing against the heavenly mandate. If you hadn’t insisted on defying the heavens, you wouldn’t have ended up in such a state. This is the outcome of defying the heavens.” Di Tian continued suppressing Truth Listener with one hand. No matter how Truth Listener roared, it couldn’t escape from his grasp.

“Know one’s standing? What do you mean by heavenly mandate? Who’s the heavens? You?” Zhou Wen questioned Di Tian.

“To you humans, I am the heavenly mandate. If I want you to live, you will live. If I want you dead, you must die,” Di Tian said indifferently, his tone as calm as though it was only right.

Everyone fell silent. Although Di Tian’s words infuriated humans, they couldn’t refute him. In front of the Calamity grade, humans were as puny as ants. All they could do was beg for mercy from the heavens.

“If you are the heavenly mandate, what’s the harm in defying the heavens?” As Zhou Wen spoke, his hand holding the ancient sword finally moved.

The ancient sword was still wrapped in a scabbard. Moving with Zhou Wen’s palm, the ancient sword was pulled out inch by inch. The sword shimmered with a dazzling light that could steal one’s soul as boundless killing intent surged out from the sword.

The sword seemed to have some kind of magical power. In just an inch of unsheathing, it made the people watching through the screen feel ice-cold. It was as though the killing intent had penetrated their hearts as their bodies trembled.

Di Tian’s eyes focused as he stared intently at the sword in Zhou Wen’s hand. Even his hand that was suppressing Truth Listener paused.

“Humans don’t fight with the heavens. Slaves don’t fight with their masters. Unfortunately, you’re not the be all and end all of humans, nor are you the master of humans. If you let me live, I can live. If you want me dead, I’ll slay the heavens and destroy you.” With Zhou Wen’s cold voice, he completely unsheathed the Immortal Culling Sword.

He slashed at Di Tian with an Immortal Slaying strike.

Di Tian seemed to sense something as he released his hand that was pressing down on Truth Listener and pressed down on Zhou Wen with both hands.

The divine phenomenon also crazily suppressed Zhou Wen. It wasn’t just a shockwave. It was even more terrifying and powerful than Truth Listener’s suppression.

Layers of heavenly phenomena descended with Di Tian’s hands. A total of nine heavenly realms descended as though the end of the world was approaching. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

And below the nine heavens, only one person defied the heavens as he drew his sword to slash upwards.

The seemingly tiny humans under the Calamity Domain erupted with unimaginable power the moment he released his sword beam.

The terrifying sword beam instantly penetrated the nine heavens and charged into it with an indomitable force. The terrifying sword beam didn’t stop as it slashed at Di Tian who was above the nine heavens.

Di Tian’s eyes were colored with a look of horror. He wanted to block the terrifying sword beam with both hands, but the sword beam flashed as though it had vanished in front of him.

The ancient sword in Zhou Wen’s hand had already returned to its scabbard. He stood in the arena as though nothing had happened.

Above his head, the phenomenon of the nine heavens suddenly shattered and vanished in an instant. It turned into light specks that fell like snowflakes.

A sword mark appeared between Di Tian’s brows as he stood above the nine heavens. Then, the sword mark quickly spread.

Di Tian’s pupils constricted as his body split into two. As he fell, he disintegrated along with the Nine Heavens domain.

“This... How is this possible...” The woman who followed Di Tian to the cube stood there as though she had been petrified. She didn’t dare imagine that such a thing would happen.

On Earth, everyone stood rooted to the spot as though they couldn’t believe it either.

After a brief moment of silence, cheers erupted everywhere in the world.

Zhou Wen stood there motionless. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to move, but that he really couldn’t move. If he hadn’t pressed down against the Immortal Culling Sword with both hands and used it as support, he probably wouldn’t have been able to stand.

The Immortal Culling Sword had extracted too much. Zhou Wen’s body was on the brink of collapse. It wasn’t easy for him to stand.

Truth Listener also collapsed from its injuries and struggled to stand up to no avail.

With Di Tian killed, the cube’s deathmatch mode ended. All the cubes in the world lit up at the same time.

All the images on the cube’s screen turned into Zhou Wen standing with a sword. The first name on the rankings lit up as well. The word ‘Human’ shimmered. Finally, the other names on the rankings vanished one by one, leaving only the word ‘Human’ glowing like an eternal existence.

Zhou Wen heaved a long sigh of relief. From the looks of it, the cube had already acknowledged him as first place. It hadn’t changed because of Truth Listener’s existence.

However, the Dimensional Wheel that had been displayed didn’t appear. Then, the cube dimmed. Zhou Wen and Truth Listener were kicked out of the cube and they returned to the town.

Zhou Wen wasn’t surprised that he hadn’t obtained the Dimensional Wheel. It was a reward given to first place from the dimension, but he was someone they didn’t wish to see clinch first place. With the way the dimension worked, it would be unbelievable that they would give him the Dimensional Wheel.

Zhou Wen looked at the tattoo on his body and saw that Demonic Neonate had already returned to him. Although the color of the tattoo had turned a little dim and looked almost indiscernible, it didn’t disappear. Only then did he heave a sigh of relief.

Meanwhile, Truth Listener struggled to stand up. Its entire body was severely injured, but it remained ferocious like a ghoul. It stared at Zhou Wen fiercely as though it wanted to pounce over and devour him.