Chapter 1114: Escaping

Translator: CKtalon

Why is there an Essence Gold weapon here? Who hid it here? Ji Moqing brandished the Essence Gold saber twice and felt that it was extremely sharp. With a thought, she continued digging in with the Essence Gold saber.

This Essence Gold saber was much better than her short sword. Soon, it dug through the hole.

Before long, the tip of the Essence Gold Saber dug into something with a clang.

Ji Moqing hurriedly retracted the Essence Gold saber and looked in the direction where the tip of the saber had just stabbed. She saw that there was actually a piece of metal exposed from the rock.

Ji Moqing followed the exposed part of the metal and dug out the rocks beside it. Soon, she realized that it was a bamboo-shaped scabbard.

She took out the scabbard and inserted the Essence Gold saber into it. It matched seamlessly. Clearly, this was a set to begin with.

“This Essence Gold saber’s forging standards are extremely high. It might even be the best Essence Gold weapon now. And this saber looks like it must have been used for many years...” Ji Moqing held the Bamboo Blade and carefully sized it up.

However, she didn’t know that the moment the Bamboo Blade returned to the scabbard, some ephemeral object hidden in the scabbard had been severed. And on the mountaintop of Mount Fangzhang, some strange changes ensued.

...

Zhou Wen was trapped in the strange area as he silently counted the days.

He originally imagined that Wang Mingyuan was definitely trying to use the method of faking his death to fool the monarchs of the dimension. After everything was over, he would release him.

However, no matter how long Zhou Wen waited, Wang Mingyuan didn’t appear to rescue him.

If it were any ordinary person, they would probably go crazy after the solitary confinement. After all, this place was just too lonely.

However, Zhou Wen endured it. He tried all sorts of methods to escape while he constantly studied and engraved the other Essence Energy Arts.

Time passed slowly. In the beginning, Zhou Wen could only draw one Life Soul. Then he could draw two at the same time. Finally, he could draw several Life Souls at the same time.

However, such success wasn’t a coincidence. This was because according to Zhou Wen’s calculations, he had been trapped here for nearly ten years, but Wang Mingyuan had not come to save him.

Could Teacher have encountered some trouble? Or could it be that the dimensional monarchs discovered that he had killed Di Tian and captured him? Zhou Wen thought.

Time continued to pass as Zhou Wen constantly meditated every day. His comprehension of the other eight Essence Energy Arts had already sublimated. With a thought, he could carve a Life Soul on the Wheel of Destiny. He could even carve several Life Souls at the same time.

However, according to Zhou Wen’s count, he had been here for no less than twenty years.

At that moment, he no longer had any hopes of Wang Mingyuan coming back to save him. He could only rely on himself to escape his current predicament.

He could only work on his Essence Energy Art, hoping that he could successfully escape one day.

Time passed in a flash. According to Zhou Wen’s count, he had been here for more than a hundred years, and to this day, he had failed to escape.

Zhou Wen continued cultivating like before, but he suddenly heard a click as though a lock had opened.

Zhou Wen was pleasantly surprised to discover that his body was gradually able to move. He could now clearly sense the body he couldn’t sense previously.

He controlled his body and struggled with all his might. Then, his body touched something. Then, a ray of light shone in through the crack, illuminating his face.

Finally... Zhou Wen was so excited that he couldn’t speak. He pushed with all his might again, causing the crack to widen. Then, he heard the sound of rocks falling to the ground. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Sunlight shone on Zhou Wen’s face, blinding him. All he could do was lower his head to size up what was trapping him.

With this glance, Zhou Wen was immediately stunned.

Zhou Wen originally imagined that the area trapping him was some narrow space.

However, what he saw now was a huge stone furnace. Such a huge stone furnace was enough for three people to sleep inside. For some reason, he hadn’t been able to move at all while lying inside.

After coming out of the stone furnace, Zhou Wen realized that everything about his body was normal. What was even stranger was that he was as young and strong as before. This left Zhou Wen in disbelief.

When he was trapped, his heart muscles had been silently calculating. It had indeed been more than a hundred years, but his body hadn’t aged. It was very strange.

Could it be that those hundred plus years were just a dream? Were they were all illusions? Zhou Wen felt that this explanation was a little unreliable.

If it was really a dream, then the things he had comprehended in the dream wouldn’t exist. However, Zhou Wen realized that everything he had comprehended whilst trapped was something he could do as he pleased. It was impossible for it to have been a dream.

What’s going on? Have I been trapped for more than a hundred years? Just as Zhou Wen was feeling puzzled, he suddenly heard knocking coming from the foot of the mountain.

Although the sound was very far away, Zhou Wen heard it very clearly as though it was ringing in his ears.

Zhou Wen subconsciously touched his ear and was immediately overjoyed because he had touched the earring that Truth Listener had transformed into.

Truth Listener is still by my side and has reestablished a connection with me. This is great... Zhou Wen hurriedly checked his other Companion Beasts and realized that they were all there. Even Demonic Neonate, who had expended all her strength, had returned to normal. This made him certain that the past hundred years were definitely not a dream.

My phone... Only then did Zhou Wen recall the problem with his phone. He touched his body, but he didn’t find it. Looking down, he realized that there was a package in the stone furnace. Many of Zhou Wen’s things were inside, including the mysterious phone.

He switched on his phone and entered some dungeons. Seeing that there was nothing wrong with those dungeons, he was completely relieved.

From the looks of it, I have to ask someone. Zhou Wen had already heard Ji Moqing digging the mountainside.

However, before he could ask Ji Moqing any questions, a few people landed on the island and quickly arrived in front of the mountain. They discovered Ji Moqing halfway up the mountain.

They quickly caught up to her, scaring Ji Moqing so much that she tried her best to climb up. This was because she had already recognized that one of them was the person who had captured her overseas.

Ji Moqing struggled to climb upwards, but she didn’t have much strength left. Soon, she was surrounded by them against a mountain wall.

“Ji Moqing oh Ji Moqing, I really have to thank you for escaping. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have been able to see the legendary Mount Fangzhang,” the leader said with a laugh.