Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1119: Fuji Island

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen got Honn Shinsakura to capture Ji Moqing before following him to the Niten Flying Immortal Palace.

It wasn’t that Zhou Wen didn’t wish to return to Luoyang immediately, but what was about to happen overseas had piqued his interest.

The reason Honn Shinsakura had wanted to capture Ji Moqing was because he wanted to obtain the help of someone in Ji Moqing’s family. The ability and Companion Beast that person had might be able to help the Niten Flying Immortal Palace tide through a calamity.

Now, Earth’s anomalies were extremely intense. There were terrifying dimensional creatures everywhere. Occasionally, they would encounter existences at the Terror grade. Many people died without knowing how.

The only refuge for humans was the dimensional zones that had been previously occupied by dimensional creatures. Under normal circumstances, dimensional creatures that weren’t from the corresponding dimensional zone would find it difficult to enter. Or rather, some force restrained dimensional creatures, preventing them from entering dimensional zones that didn’t belong to them.

However, such a situation would lose its effect in one circumstance—dimensional creatures could enter different dimensional zones without any scruples. That would be humanity’s greatest disaster whenever it happened.

Based on the research done over the past few years, there weren’t many possibilities for such a situation to happen. Most of it was due to the descent of a Calamity creature.

Every Calamity creature that descended would trigger a large number of dimensional creatures to go berserk. Humans suffered heavy losses every single time.

Now, there were signs of a Calamity creature’s descent overseas. Once a Calamity creature truly descended, the dimensional zones would no longer be able to protect humans. Humans had to directly face the dimensional creature tide that accompanied the Calamity creature.

The reason why humans hadn’t been wiped out in all the disasters wasn’t because humans were powerful. Part of it was because humans had tenacious vitality, but the most important reason was that the Calamity creatures had no intention of destroying Earth and humanity.

Or rather, humans were nothing to them. Not long after every Calamity creature descended, they would rush out of Earth and disappear. This was the biggest reason why humans had survived until today.

If those Calamity creatures really wanted to destroy humanity, humanity would have long ceased to exist in this world.

Even the Guardians who had advanced to the Terror grade were unable to fight against the Calamity creatures born on Earth. The King of Earth created by the dimension looked like a joke now.

The Niten Flying Immortal Palace didn’t plan on fighting the Calamity creature. They only hoped to survive the terrifying calamity and minimize the losses.

As for the Calamity creature this time, there was something special about it. The dimensional creature tides it triggered all had extreme Yin attributes.

Therefore, Honn Shinsakura wanted to use the power of extreme Yang to protect the foundation of the Niten Flying Immortal Palace.

Ji Moqing’s brother-in-law, Fang Mingsu, had an extreme Yang-elemental Guardian and Companion Beast. Therefore, Honn Shinsakura had captured Ji Moqing and wanted to use her to threaten Fang Mingsu. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This matter had been done secretly by Honn Shinsakura without Sei Gasakai’s knowledge. Although Honn Shinsakura wasn’t happy about doing such a thing, in order to protect the foundation of the Niten Flying Immortal Palace, Honn Shinsakura was willing to lose his reputation and even had the resolve to be expelled by Sei Gasakai.

“Hyakki Yagyō, the Night Parade of One Hundred Demons?” Zhou Wen couldn’t help but think of a myth when he heard Honn Shinsakura and company’s description of the descent of the Calamity creature.

“That’s right. It’s the Ghost Parade.” Honn Shinsakura nodded slightly. In fact, they used this word to describe the coming disaster.

When Wu Zonglie and company saw how Honn Shinsakura treated Zhou Wen as though he were an elder, they couldn’t help but wonder about his origins.

They shared the same thoughts as Ji Moqing. They felt that Zhou Wen definitely wasn’t as young as he looked. He was definitely an old monster who knew how to retain his youth. He just looked young.

Under their lead, Zhou Wen arrived at the dimensional zone where the Niten Flying Immortal Palace was.

Beside the dimensional zone known as Fuji Island, Zhou Wen saw the tiny palm symbol he hadn’t seen in a long time.

He took out his phone and snapped a picture of the palm engraved with the words “Fuji Island”. The phone quickly entered the download screen.

It’s been a long time since I downloaded a dungeon.

Zhou Wen’s hundred years felt like a dream. He hadn’t touched the game in the past hundred years. Now that he was holding his phone, he couldn’t help but feel his hands itch.

It wasn’t for gaming or farming equipment. It was just that his hands were itching.

“The taboo power in Fuji Island is extremely strange. Apart from pure physical strength and the power of swords and sabers, you can’t use any other powers. Otherwise, it will trigger the taboo power and be instantly destroyed. The power of all kinds of Companion Beasts is included.” Before entering the island, Honn Shinsakura specially exhorted Zhou Wen.

“That’s a little odd. If I have fire-elemental powers, can I use them?” Zhou Wen asked.

“No. Other than pure physical strength, no other power can be released,” Honn Shinsakura answered.

Zhou Wen followed Honn Shinsakura onto the island and gave it a try. Indeed, he couldn’t release his Essence Energy outside his body as though his body had become a cage.

It’s no wonder Sei Gasakai chose this place to establish the Niten Flying Immortal Palace. It’s indeed a good place, Zhou Wen thought.

Ji Moqing was detained by Wu Zonglie and followed behind. She looked around as though she was searching for a way to escape.

She was quite bold. Despite being a seventeen-year-old girl that was being escorted to such a place, she showed no panic on her face.

However, her eyes darted around, but she couldn’t think of a way to escape.

Wu Zonglie and company felt terrible as though their curiosities were being scratched by a cat. They wanted to know about Zhou Wen, but Honn Shinsakura kept mum about his origins. It made them feel terrible.

After entering Fuji Island, Honn Shinsakura bowed at Zhou Wen and said, “Sir, I need to make a move first. I’ll inform my master that you are here. Wu Zonglie will take you there.”

Zhou Wen nodded slightly. Only then did Honn Shinsakura bid farewell and leave.

Wu Zonglie continued leading Zhou Wen and Ji Moqing forward. Soon, they arrived at a man-made city.

This city wasn’t big, and most of the buildings were made of wood. Zhou Wen realized at a glance that the wood hadn’t been cut with saws or other tools, but with blades.

All the buildings in the city were cleaved out with blade strikes. Furthermore, there were definitely many people who used them.

After entering the city and walking along the streets, the disciples of the Niten Flying Immortal Palace sized up Zhou Wen and Ji Moqing curiously.

Just as they took a step down the street, they suddenly saw a group of people rushing over.

Zhou Wen recognized the person in the lead. It was the elder, Sei Gasakai, whom he had met in Peony Garden. However, not only had Sei Gasakai not aged, but he also looked younger. Furthermore, his aura was more elegant and ethereal.