Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1122: Might of the Hell King

1

Translator: CKtalon

On the Wheel of Destiny, a third symbol appeared. It was an existence that resembled a god or devil. It sat cross-legged with its eyes closed like an old monk in meditation, but also like a sleeping devil.

When the symbol was complete, a huge Hell King projection appeared in front of Zhou Wen. As for Zhou Wen, he had already teleported above the train.

​

The Supreme Hell King shadow, that resembled a giant godfiend, slammed down on the head of the train.

The chugging Ghost Train slowed down. Supreme Hell King blocked the front of the train with both hands, but his body was rapidly pushed back by a terrifying force. His hands that had made contact with the front of the train were also being devoured by the strange blue flames.

Zhou Wen was somewhat delighted when he saw that Supreme Hell King’s strength was effective against the train.

Supreme Hell King was still at the Mythical stage after all. To be able to reduce the Ghost Train’s speed in a head-on collision meant that Supreme Hell King’s strength had a powerful restraining effect on the Ghost Train. Otherwise, other Mythical Life Souls would have long been devoured by it.

Zhou Wen seemed to gain some insight as he sensed the information from Supreme Hell King.

After a hundred years of cultivation, the Small Perfection of Wisdom had been pushed to the limits of the Mythical stage by Zhou Wen. Supreme Hell King was also at the peak of the Mythical stage, but for some reason, he had failed to take the next step forward.

Now, having Supreme Hell King fight the Terror-grade ghost train, it made Zhou Wen understand the root of the problem.

The reason Supreme Hell King had failed to advance wasn’t because Zhou Wen’s realm wasn’t high enough, but because his body had been limited when he was trapped.

At that moment, Zhou Wen had a vague guess that he had really been trapped for five years, not a hundred years.

This was because his realm had been constantly improving, but the Essence Energy Art in his body hadn’t kept up with the improvement in his realm. It was very likely because his body clock and thoughts weren’t synchronized.

In other words, Zhou Wen felt that he had experienced a hundred years, but his body had only experienced five years.

What did Teacher do? Or could it be that it was originally the power of Mount Fangzhang? Teacher only used its powers? Zhou Wen wasn’t in the mood to think about that.

Supreme Hell King was quickly pushed back by the train as his body constantly burned with the blue spectral fire.

However, the Ghost Train slowed down significantly as a result. It allowed the disciples of the Niten Flying Immortal-ryū to retreat to the side in time. Only the train continued pushing Supreme Hell King forward.

Supreme Hell King was like an emotionless machine as he transmitted everything he had experienced to Zhou Wen’s mind, intensifying his feelings.

Then let’s give it a try. Zhou Wen’s eyes focused as the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra quickly flowed in his body. The Supreme Hell King symbol on the Wheel of Destiny also burned with invisible karmic sinflames.

After the disciples of the Niten Flying Immortal-ryū escaped, they watched the battle between the Ghost Train and the Supreme Hell King.

They could tell that Supreme Hell King was clearly a Life Soul. Furthermore, Zhou Wen didn’t have the aura of a dimensional creature or a Guardian. He was likely a human.

However, it was unbelievable that a pure human could be on a par with the Ghost Train.

After all, Sei Gasakai and Honn Shinsakura were experts at the Mythical stage. Sei Gasakai was known as a half-step Terror. Even he found it difficult to fight the Ghost Train. A pure human who could use his Life Soul to temporarily fend off the Ghost Train was already shocking enough.

However, at that moment, they couldn’t be bothered to think too much. They watched as Supreme Hell King slammed into the mountain behind him, courtesy of the Ghost Train. Furthermore, Supreme Hell King’s body was completely enveloped by blue spectral flames. Flames burst out everywhere from his collision. The blue spectral flames rose and expanded, completely devouring Supreme Hell King’s body and the mountain behind him. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Everyone believed that Supreme Hell King was doomed, but only Zhou Wen’s eyes lit up. At the same time, the Supreme Hell King symbol on the Life Wheel emitted a blinding light.

As the disciples of the Niten Flying Immortal-ryū were retreating, they suddenly realized that something was amiss.

After the Ghost Train hit the mountain, it stopped. It didn’t shatter the mountain, nor did it crash through the mountain.

Its wheels were still spinning, and the steam whistle was still humming, but it didn’t continue advancing.

The mountain in front of it was still enveloped by the raging spectral flames as Zhou Wen floated above it.

Crack! Crack!

A strange sound came from the mountain peak wrapped in spectral flames. It sounded like something had cracked, or like firecrackers crackling.

Suddenly, the blue flames rapidly dissipated. Rather than saying that they had vanished, it was better to say that they had been devoured. However, no one could see what had devoured the spectral flames.

As the spectral flames subsided, a mountain peak enveloped in flames gradually appeared. In front of the mountain peak was Supreme Hell King, who they imagined had been destroyed.

However, Supreme Hell King probably couldn’t be called Supreme Hell King anymore.

He sat cross-legged like a Buddha, but he had four faces and eight arms. Each arm had a different stance and formed different hand seals. The four faces were also different.

The forward-facing face was emotionless, as though it was a machine without any feelings.

On the left side, there was a smile on his face, making anyone who cast their eyes on him feel like they were welcoming a spring breeze.

The right side of his face was the complete opposite. There were faint tears of blood at the corners of his eyes as he wore a look of pity and sorrow.

The back-facing face was indiscernible, but one could vaguely sense that the eyes on the face seemed to be prying into the secrets of all life.

No one could see the face on the back because behind him, there was a black hole that resembled hell. It was like a black Buddhistic glow floating behind him.

The interior of the black hole was filled with all sorts of strange things. There was also the faint sound of ghosts crying or howling. Although one couldn’t see anything, it made them feel endless fear.

As for the Ghost Train, it no longer advanced. Not only did it not advance, but it also began to retreat.

Its wheels spun in the reverse direction and a siren sounded, but its body failed to retreat. Not only did it not retreat, but it was also pulled by a strange force as it constantly approached Supreme Hell King.

Supreme Hell King’s eyes were slightly closed as one of his palms slowly slapped down.

The Ghost Train spewed out spectral flames in a bid to stop the descending hand, but before the spectral flames could touch the hand, it was devoured by invisible karmic sinflames.

Boom!

The terrifying Ghost Train was shattered by the palm of the hand, turning into flames that filled the sky. However, the flames were devoured by the invisible karmic sinflames while still in midair.

As for the people who had been devoured by the Ghost Train, they also fell out. Following that, a resplendent emerald-green crystal dropped.

The disciples of the Niten Flying Immortal-ryū stared blankly at Supreme Hell King and Zhou Wen, who was floating above Supreme Hell King. They seemed to understand why Sei Gasakai, who they viewed as a god, held Zhou Wen in such high esteem.

He advanced to the Mythical stage with a human body... Is he really human... Honn Shinsakura looked at Zhou Wen with a complicated expression as he muttered to himself.