Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1123: New Function

Translator: CKtalon

Unfortunately, it’s not a Companion Egg. In a room, Zhou Wen played with the crystal that had dropped from the Ghost Train. He used his phone to snap a picture and found it to be a 96-Strength Crystal.

Zhou Wen’s Strength hadn’t reached its peak, so it was perfect for him.

​

A warm stream fused into Zhou Wen’s body before his Strength stat rapidly increased. It only stopped after reaching 81.

It actually reached 81 points—the limit of the Mythical stage? Zhou Wen was slightly taken aback. The previous advancements had required special methods to add the additional point.

However, this time, it reached 81 points without any restrictions.

Does this mean that my body can already match a natural Mythical creature? Zhou Wen guessed.

Zhou Wen didn’t think too much about this problem. Now, he wanted to know more about the situation with Supreme Hell King. He used his phone to carefully look at his stats.

Zhou Wen: Mythical

Life Providence: Sigh of the King

Life Soul: Slaughterer

Wheel of Destiny: No Engravings (One Spin)

Terror Form: Great Brahma (S-grade)

I really gained the ability to transform into the Terror form, but my level is still at the Mythical stage. This will be the same as Little Neo. Zhou Wen was somewhat delighted.

Demonic Neonate had always been different. Now that he had an ability similar to Demonic Neonate, it meant that he was no longer ordinary. Furthermore, he seemed to be able to continue making breakthroughs with the other Essence Energy Arts and obtain the Terror transformation ability in a seemingly feasible manner.

It’s really interesting that the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra condenses Great Brahma. Zhou Wen thought for a moment and looked at the description on his phone.

Previously, when he advanced to the Mythical stage, his phone game gained three new functions—Bloodline, Samsara, and Birth. He had been trapped for ages without having the chance to use his phone. He didn’t know what these three functions were, so he decided to study them.

After carefully studying the three functions, Zhou Wen’s expression turned odd.

The Bloodline function was a function that enhanced Companion Beasts’ abilities. One could use Companion Beasts as raw materials to strengthen another Companion Beast.

Companion Beasts that were used as raw materials would vanish. As for another Companion Beast, it was possible to obtain double Life Providences, or even triple Life Providences. There might even be more.

At a glance, this function was amazing. Wouldn’t a Companion Beast with multiple Life Providences be invincible?

However, Zhou Wen knew that things weren’t that simple. The previous pet fusion function had already taught him a lesson. It wasn’t easy to even roll skills. The chances of creating a double Life Providence were definitely not high. The chances of having multiple Life Providences were definitely terrifyingly low.

Zhou Wen randomly used a few low-level Companion Beasts to give it a try. The chances were indeed very low. He used the Bloodline function ten times in a row, but he failed all ten times. There was no mechanism that gave guaranteed success from doing it ten times in a row.

However, this function was still pretty good for Zhou Wen. After all, he had plenty of Companion Beasts. No matter how low the success rate was, throwing hundreds or thousands of Companion Beasts at the problem would eventually lead to success.

Of course, the premise was that a Companion Beast as a main pet had the value of being upgraded.

For example, if Demonic Neonate and Banana Fairy had a Life Providence that suited them, Zhou Wen didn’t mind helping wasting Companion Beasts on them.

The function of Samsara wasn’t as simple as the Bloodline function. Zhou Wen didn’t understand what it meant for the time being. In-game, it only mentioned that killing dimensional creatures gave him a chance of obtaining Samsara Stones. Samsara Stones could allow a Companion Beast to be reincarnated.

As for what the Samsara Stone looked like and what effects it had after reincarnation, there was no detailed description.

The final Birth function was the strangest function. It was a Companion Beast’s birth function.

Companion Beasts didn’t need to mate to conceive. Regardless of whether they were male or female, as long as they reached the requirement to give birth, they could have children.

Zhou Wen studied the conditions for Birth and realized that things weren’t simple. It wasn’t easy to get a Companion Beast to give birth. Furthermore, the higher the Companion Beast’s grade, the more stringent the conditions for giving birth. Furthermore, the Birth conditions for each Companion Beast were different.

As long as he used the Birth function to check on a Companion Beast, he would know its fertility conditions, but not all Companion Beasts had it stated—Demonic Neonate being an example.

Banana Fairy did have fertility conditions to give birth, but her fertility conditions required her to choose her spouse freely. He had no idea how Banana Fairy chose her spouse.

Could there be a Banana Man in this world? Zhou Wen thought for a moment and found it unlikely. He had never heard of any famous banana creature being male.

Tyrant Behemoth’s fertility conditions were even more extreme. It directly indicated that it was the only Behemoth in the world, so it couldn’t find a fertility partner.

After looking through his Companion Beasts, he realized that there were all sorts of strange fertility conditions, but there weren’t many Mythical Companion Beasts that could immediately give birth.

Now, the only ones who could meet the fertility requirements were the Light Concealment Sword and the Night Immaculate Sword.

The fertility conditions of these two Mythical swords were sword-type partners. They happened to be matched as a pair. Since Zhou Wen didn’t use them much, he decided to give it a try and see what the Birth function could produce.

He placed the Light Concealment Sword and the Night Immaculate Sword in the selection box before clicking on Birth.

Then, he saw the Light Concealment Sword and Night Immaculate Sword light up at the same time before flying together. Just as they were about to collide, the phone screen turned black. Then, a notification appeared: “Birth in progress. It will take 36 days.”

Holy sh*t, is this censorship? Zhou Wen still wanted to see how the two swords could reproduce. He couldn’t help but feel depressed.

...

In the past two years, the signal from Earth’s communication satellites had been worsening, especially at sea. There was almost no signal, causing the separation between the Federation and overseas to worsen.

Sei Gasakai told Zhou Wen that there was a Companion Beast that could deliver long-distance communications. However, he didn’t have such a Companion Beast. If Zhou Wen wanted to use his phone for communication, he had to return inland.

Zhou Wen thought for a moment and decided to stay for the time being.

It was actually not common for a Calamity-grade creature to appear. Sometimes, it might not even appear once a year. Sometimes, it would appear several times a year. Furthermore, the location was not fixed.

The last time a Calamity creature appeared was in West District. It was a grand Undead Calamity that swept through the entire West District. Thankfully, the Calamity creature rushed out of Earth not long after it appeared, and the Undead army scattered. Otherwise, the humans in the West District would have been wiped out. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Humans didn’t get out of it without benefits. After the Undead Calamity, large numbers of Undead creatures appeared everywhere in the West District. Hunting Undead creatures also benefited humans.

According to past experience, with the birth of a Calamity creature, many Terror-grade creatures would appear. Furthermore, they were rare top-grade creatures.

I wonder if the appearance of a Calamity creature can be downloaded into a game dungeon? Zhou Wen felt that he could give it a try because Sei Gasakai had told him that every Calamity-grade creature that appeared resulted in the destruction of a dimensional zone.

Zhou Wen wanted to see if he could download the dimensional zone before the Calamity creature appeared. That way, a Calamity creature might appear in-game.