Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1131: Spatial Stillness

Fang Mingsu also knew that if they wanted to escape Bride Island, they had to defeat that woman. Otherwise, even if they killed all the dimensional creatures here, there was no chance of survival.

Back then, Human Sovereign could defeat the Calamity-grade powerhouse, Di Tian. Brother-in-law can do the same. Ji Moqing secretly prayed for Fang Mingsu.

However, when she thought that Fang Mingsu was actually a woman, Ji Moqing’s expression became complicated.

How could Fang Mingsu not want to defy the heavens and change her fate like Human Sovereign did and defeat a Calamity-grade dimensional creature? Furthermore, she had to do it, or death was the only outcome.

When the woman looked at the flames and Fang Mingsu, her eyes remained unchanged.

The phoenix flames on Fang Mingsu’s body grew stronger and stronger. The flames on her back engulfed the world like a pair of phoenix wings that covered the sky. As Fang Mingsu threw a punch, the phoenix flames that filled the sky also cascaded down like a waterfall.

When the phoenix flames arrived in front of her, the woman finally moved again. The pitch-black saber in her arms was unsheathed once more as a beam of moonlight flashed.

The phoenix flames that filled the sky were instantly shattered, and Fang Mingsu’s armor was slashed apart again.

However, the injured Fang Mingsu didn’t fall again. The phoenix flames on her body rapidly healed her shattered armor. The wings on her back spread out and she attacked the woman from another direction.

Ji Moqing’s heart felt like it was on a roller coaster, unable to settle down as the situation developed. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

However, when she saw the woman slash at Fang Mingsu again, and how she had recovered each time, Ji Moqing’s hope was gradually ignited.

He can do it; he definitely can do it. If Human Sovereign can defeat Di Tian, Brother-in-law can definitely defeat this Calamity-grade creature...

Ji Moqing thought excitedly.

However, just as she had this thought, she suddenly saw an unbelievable scene.

When Fang Mingsu attacked the woman again, the woman didn’t continue drawing her saber. However, the pupils in her eyes were like the moon, constantly evolving into crescent moons hidden behind dark clouds.

In the next moment, something unbelievable happened. Everything around them seemed to freeze.

The rising flames turned still. Fang Mingsu, who was flying in the air, was also frozen in place. Ji Moqing, who had her mouth agape in shock, maintained that posture the entire time. She couldn’t even move her eyes.

The whole of Bride Island seemed to become a painting, including the other dimensional creatures. Everything became still as though it was a lifeless painting.

Only the woman was alive and could walk in the painting.

She walked to Fang Mingsu’s side, who was covered in flames. She extended her finger and pinched the frozen phoenix flames. With a casual rip, the motionless phoenix flames were torn off and thrown to the side by the woman.

The woman moved her fingers again, and the phoenix flames around Fang Mingsu’s body were completely torn apart. Then, there was her Guardian armor, her clothes, and finally...

Everyone remained conscious and they could see everything, but for some reason, their bodies couldn’t move.

Ji Moqing watched helplessly as Fang Mingsu’s armor was torn off. She was already in despair.

Fang Mingsu was very strong, but she had borrowed the power of the Guardian armor. Now, even the Guardian armor had been casually torn off by the woman and thrown to the ground like trash. One could imagine Fang Mingsu’s outcome.

Fang Mingsu was very calm. She knew that she no longer had a chance. She felt somewhat relieved. “I should have died more than twenty years ago. To be able to live for another twenty more years is already a blessing from the heavens.”

Fang Mingsu wanted to close her eyes and wait for death to descend, but in the Calamity domain, she didn’t even have the ability to close her eyes.

The woman’s finger reached out to Fang Mingsu again. Now, there was nothing left on Fang Mingsu’s body. If she continued tearing, the only thing that could be torn off was her flesh.

Suddenly, a strange force spread out on the picturesque Bride Island like layers of ripples.

The woman’s fingers paused for a moment. She didn’t extend her hand towards Fang Mingsu as she turned to look at the center of the ripples.

Fang Mingsu and Ji Moqing happened to be facing that direction—they saw that in the middle of the ripples was Zhou Wen, who was standing far away.

Ripples spread out from Zhou Wen’s body as though space had turned into water.

In this motionless space, Zhou Wen’s fingers moved slightly. Every movement of his fingers caused a ripple in space.

As his fingers moved faster and faster, the range and fluctuations of the ripples increased.

In the end, it wasn’t just his fingers. Zhou Wen’s arms, body, and legs gradually moved as though a character in a painting was gradually gaining life.

It only took a few seconds from the initial clumsy movements to the gradual freedom of movement.

How... How is that possible... Fang Mingsu looked at Zhou Wen as though she had seen a ghost.

Her Guardian, Nirvana, was already at the Terror grade, and it could be considered a top-notch existence among Terror-grade creatures. However, it still couldn’t resist the woman’s Calamity Domain.

However, Zhou Wen didn’t have any Guardian armor on him. Nor could she sense the aura of a dimensional creature, much less any signs of fusing with a Guardian.

No matter how she looked at it, his body was purely human. However, Fang Mingsu had no way of believing that he was really a human.

There was still no precedent to date, of any human relying on their own strength to advance to the Mythical stage when it came to human evolution on Earth.

Ignoring the Terror grade, there wasn’t a single pure human among the known Mythical humans. They either relied on Guardians to advance to the Mythical stage or used Mythical Serum.

Now, to suddenly be informed that a human could rely on his own strength to resist the Calamity Domain, Fang Mingxiu found it unbelievable.

Even though she saw it with her own eyes, she still found it unreal.

However, things were slowly happening in front of her. In the Calamity Domain where even the Terror-grade Nirvana couldn’t move, Zhou Wen had completely regained his freedom. However, his actions looked extremely slow, as though he was walking in the deep sea.

On his finger that could move at first, a clown ring was emitting intense spatial fluctuations.

Crack!

The ring shattered as the clown ring’s surface slowly rose. As it rose, it constantly expanded and finally transformed into a clown mask that covered Zhou Wen’s face.

The moment the clown mask completely fused with Zhou Wen’s face, his body became extremely relaxed as though he had returned to the land from the deep sea.

The Calamity Domain with spatial powers was unable to restrain his body or affect his actions.

The clown mask wore a smile. It was evil, crazy, bloodthirsty, and filled with hope.