Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1140: Successful Division

Translator: CKtalon Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

After a brief search online, Zhou Wen realized that the popularity of Dimension far exceeded his imagination.

There were many humans playing Dimension. The current game dungeons were no longer limited to the few dungeons in Luoyang. Many dungeons from around the world were available.

Of course, most of them were dungeons that humans had explored, but the assortment was rather complete.

Zhou Wen chose a few dungeons that he was more familiar with and entered the game to take a look. He realized that it was rather realistic. The various habits and actions of dimensional creatures had been done very realistically.

After familiarizing himself with the attack patterns of dimensional creatures in-game, it would definitely be of great help in real life.

For example, the Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior in the Metalwork Temple dungeon—the signs prior to it using its runes were very realistic.

Zhou Wen was very surprised. He never expected that the mobile game he had randomly aided in its creation would be so popular in the world. Furthermore, it seemed to have become a dimensional zone database for everyone. This was something Zhou Wen had never expected.

Dimension had similar functions as Zhou Wen’s phone, but it didn’t have the mind connection function. It could only play dungeons that humans had already explored.

As for the mysterious phone, it could download dungeons that had never been entered. There was still a fundamental difference.

“Using mobile games to familiarize yourself with dimensional zones and dimensional creatures. You humans sure have some ideas.” Tsukuyomi was smart. After watching Zhou Wen play for a while, she knew what the game was about.

“Alright, you can play by yourself.” Zhou Wen returned the phone to Tsukuyomi.

Seemingly intrigued, Tsukuyomi took her phone and started playing.

Seeing that Tsukuyomi was gaming, Zhou Wen took out the mysterious phone again. When he turned on the screen, he was immediately given a fright.

Previously, because of Tsukuyomi, Zhou Wen, who was choosing a pet, had put away his phone. Perhaps his fingers had touched a Companion Beast when he put it away, allowing him to place Torch Dragon on it.

On careful look, he realized that it had already undergone Bloodline transfer. What surprised Zhou Wen even more was that he had succeeded. Beside him was a notification that Bloodline transfer had succeeded.

Zhou Wen hurriedly looked at Torch Dragon’s information. Indeed, in the Life Providence column, there was not only the Life Providence, Son of a World King, but also Split.

Are you kidding me? It succeeded? Zhou Wen threw the remaining dozen or so Dark Gold Tadpoles at Explosive Fiend Man, but none of them succeeded.

Don’t tell me the Bloodline transfer function completely depends on luck? Zhou Wen really couldn’t tell if there was any pattern. Why did Torch Dragon succeed in one try?

He didn’t have the luxury of time to think much about it. Zhou Wen summoned Torch Dragon in-game to see what changes it would undergo after having the Split Life Providence.

Don’t tell me it can split into tiny Torch Dragons like the Splitting Tadpoles that can explode after death? Zhou Wen couldn’t imagine what it would be like.

To verify Torch Dragon’s new Life Providence, Zhou Wen took Torch Dragon to the snow valley behind the Valley of No Return.

Zhou Wen had been to Snow Valley many times in the past, but the blood-colored avatar died without knowing why. He didn’t even know the cause of death.

He had long suspected that there were Terror creatures there. Now was the time to take a look. He could also farm some Dark Gold Tadpoles.

He farmed all the way to Snow Valley. All he saw was silver snow. Apart from that, there were no other creatures in Snow Valley.

However, Zhou Wen was no longer the same as before. With the Wheel of Destiny activated, the valley in his eyes immediately changed.

The originally beautiful Snow Valley became extremely terrifying in Zhou Wen’s eyes.

In the snow that looked extremely pure, there were countless tiny worms crawling around. They were densely packed and uncountable.

The worms looked like maggots, but they were even smaller. They drilled through the gaps in the snow, preventing any changes in the snow.

When he saw the countless tiny maggots squirming in the snow, Zhou Wen had the urge to vomit.

However, another thought suppressed the urge to vomit.

Although these worms are very small, they aren’t so small that I can’t see them. I couldn’t see them at all previously. Could it be that these worms are at the Terror grade? Zhou Wen was shocked by this thought.

There were countless worms in Snow Valley. The idea that they were all Terror creatures was terrifying.

If the worms here were to fly out, they would probably be able to destroy the entire world.

It’s impossible that they are all Terror creatures, right? Zhou Wen thought for a moment and ordered Torch Dragon to rush into Snow Valley. At the same time, he got it to activate the Bright Torch Vision World to see if it could kill the tiny worms in the snow.

Torch Dragon’s Bright Torch Vision World opened as its mirror-like eyes looked towards Snow Valley. The thick snow in Snow Valley immediately vanished.

However, the worms didn’t disappear with the snow. They remained where they were and landed on the ground below.

Without a doubt, the Bright Torch Vision World was ineffective against them. The Mythical Torch Dragon Youngling couldn’t see them either, indicating that they might really be Terror-grade creatures.

Torch Dragon’s actions infuriated the tiny worms. On their white bodies, pairs of invisible wings unfurled.

Then, countless tiny worms flapped their wings and flew towards Torch Dragon like a fog.

Torch Dragon couldn’t see the tiny worms, so it had no idea that danger was approaching. It continued standing there in a daze.

Zhou Wen hurriedly ordered it to attack, but it was useless. It couldn’t see the worms, so its strongest offensive skill, Bright Torch Vision World, was useless.

Countless tiny worms pounced on Torch Dragon and drilled into its body through any possible gaps.

Now, Zhou Wen finally knew how the blood-colored avatar had died in the past. Just the thought of countless worms entering his mouth and nose made Zhou Wen feel uncomfortable. His throat felt itchy as he couldn’t help but swallow his saliva.

With the countless worms entering Torch Dragon’s body and about to kill it, Zhou Wen ordered it to use World King Transformation.

Numerous Torch Dragon Eyes opened on Torch Dragon’s body. Its aura immediately became terrifyingly powerful. Despite so many Torch Dragon Eyes using Bright Torch Vision World together, they still failed to injure the tiny worms.

Instead, Torch Dragon let out a painful roar. Its body had almost been bitten through by the worms.

Suddenly, Torch Dragon’s body split apart, but its body didn’t shatter into pieces. The rows of Torch Dragon Eyes that appeared on its body after the World King Transformation split apart. Every Torch Dragon Eye transformed into a miniature Torch Dragon.

Instantly, the huge Torch Dragon Youngling turned into a bunch of tiny Torch Dragon Younglings with one eye.

Zhou Wen looked at the tiny Explosive Dragon Youngling in a daze. This was clearly different from the Ancient Splitting Tadpole’s Split.

The Ancient Splitting Tadpole’s Split was a passive skill. It could only split after an explosion. As for Torch Dragon Youngling’s Split, it seemed to split on its own accord, splitting its body into smaller Torch Dragons. The smaller Torch Dragons were clearly not bombs, and they had no intention of self-destructing.