Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1141: The Way for Continued Growth

Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Just as Zhou Wen was feeling alarmed, he realized that Torch Dragon had unleashed World King Transformation again.

A group of smaller Torch Dragons unleashed their World King Transformation as rows of Torch Dragon Eyes grew out of their bodies. At the same time, they activated Bright Torch Vision World. Instantly, the entire valley was wiped clean by Bright Torch Vision World.

With so many miniature Torch Dragons using the World King Transformation and Bright Torch Vision World simultaneously, it was similar to a small-scale apocalypse. Everything that could be seen, other than Torch Dragon itself, vanished without a trace.

However, no matter how powerful Bright Torch Vision World was, Torch Dragon was still at the Mythical stage. It couldn’t undergo Terror transformation. Without being able to see the worms, Bright Torch Vision World was ineffective against them.

The tiny worms rushed forward again and burrowed into the tiny Torch Dragons’ bodies. However, the tiny Torch Dragons began to split apart again. The eyes on its body split into even smaller Torch Dragons.

After splitting again and again, Torch Dragon stopped after splitting nine times. It had the same maximum of nine splits as the Ancient Seed Splitting Tadpole.

However, unlike the Ancient Splitting Tadpole, Torch Dragon didn’t have the self-destruction skill. Therefore, it only split and didn’t self-destruct. The number of tiny Torch Dragons that were produced from nine splits was already shocking.

With so many tiny Torch Dragons using World King Transformation and Bright Torch Vision World together, the huge Snow Valley turned into a dead zone.

Bright Torch Vision World was constantly superimposed onto each other. Not only did the Bright Torch Vision World between the different Torch Dragons not harm each other, but it also strengthened it by reflecting each other’s Bright Torch Vision World.

In the Bright Torch Vision World that constantly reflected, Zhou Wen realized that a portion of the worms had vanished. It was as though they had been affected by the power of Bright Torch Vision World.

It can’t be. Only a Terror-grade power can injure a Terror-grade. No matter how strong Torch Dragon Youngling is, it can’t undergo Terror transformation; yet, its power can actually kill the tiny worms. Could it be that those tiny worms aren’t at the Terror-grade? Zhou Wen carefully observed for a while and realized that not all the tiny worms would be destroyed by the Bright Torch Vision World. Only a portion of them would be affected.

However, Snow Valley suffered. It had been completely wrecked and the entire Valley of No Return was affected. If Zhou Wen hadn’t been prepared, the blood-colored avatar would probably have been destroyed by Torch Dragon.

Boom!

As the ground was devoured by Bright Torch Vision World, a terrifying sound suddenly came from below the snow valley. A huge snow-white worm crawled out of the ground.

The worm was the size of a truck. It was snow-white and had six transparent wings on its back. It looked like the tiny worms.

As the huge worm burrowed out of the ground, the worms approached it and fused into its body like water entering the sea.

So that’s how it is... So this is the true body of the Terror creature. The tiny worms are just avatars that it split out... However, to be able to eliminate a portion of the Terror-grade avatars, Torch Dragon’s ability is sick. Zhou Wen immediately came to a realization.

The appearance of the huge worm’s true body made it apparent that it was much stronger than the tiny worms. Torch Dragon’s Bright Torch Vision World was useless against it. It flew in the Bright Torch Vision World and opened its suction cup-like mouth to suck in a tiny Torch Dragon.

Unlike the tiny worms, this huge worm didn’t need to enter Torch Dragon’s body at all. Furthermore, it wanted to devour Torch Dragon.

The tiny Torch Dragons were devoured as the other tiny Torch Dragons failed to put up much of a resistance.

What a pity. If Torch Dragon was also at the Terror grade, how could this huge worm be its match? Torch Dragon could probably instantly kill it with a glance. Zhou Wen wasn’t alarmed but delighted.

After Torch Dragon obtained the Split Life Providence, not only did its life-preservation abilities greatly increase, but its offensive strength also greatly increased. Once it advanced to the Terror grade, Zhou Wen felt that even Banana Fairy might not be able to defeat Torch Dragon.

How can I advance Torch Dragon to the Terror grade? Zhou Wen thought to himself.

Soon, the tiny Torch Dragons were devoured by the huge worm. The phone system also indicated the death of Torch Dragon Youngling.

Zhou Wen summoned Banana Fairy and Demonic Neonate as he activated his Wheel of Destiny. Clown Mask and the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder appeared at the same time.

However, before Zhou Wen could do anything, Banana Fairy sent out a Supreme Yin Wind. The huge worm’s body immediately flew up. When it was in the air, it gradually froze and turned into an ice sculpture.

Splash!

The huge worm landed on the ground and its huge body shattered. However, its shattered body transformed into tiny worms that gathered together again.

Banana Fairy frowned unhappily and blew again. However, this time, it was the Supreme Yang Wind.

This time, he saw the huge worm struggle in the flames with a tragic cry, but to no avail. Its wings were burned to ashes. Regardless of whether it amalgamated or dispersed, it was burned to ashes when it encountered the Supreme Yang Wind. It had no ability to resist.

The previously mighty worm was literally a worm in front of Banana Fairy. It was burned to death.

Ding!

With a crisp sound, a system notification popped up. ‘Killed Terror Creature Gu Mother. Discovered Dimensional Crystal.’

It’s not a Companion Egg? Zhou Wen was somewhat disappointed as he looked at the crystal that dropped and realized that it was an 87 Essence Energy crystal.

Zhou Wen originally wanted to pick up the Essence Energy Crystal and use it himself, but he realized that Banana Fairy was staring at him. No, she was looking at the Essence Energy Crystal in his hand.

“You want this?” Zhou Wen asked Banana Fairy.

Banana Fairy nodded immediately. She looked like she really wanted it.

Zhou Wen hesitated for a moment before handing the Essence Energy Crystal to Banana Fairy. After Banana Fairy obtained the dimensional crystal, it immediately transformed into threads of light that fused into her body.

Soon, the 87-Essence Energy crystal completely vanished. As for Banana Fairy, she looked like she hadn’t had enough.

Zhou Wen hurriedly looked at Banana Fairy’s stats and realized that her Essence Energy had already reached 87, while the other three stats were still 82.

I see. So Terror-grade creatures are the same as humans. They need to absorb Essence Energy Crystals to increase their stats. They aren’t born with full stats. Zhou Wen was delighted and worried.

He was happy that he finally knew how to ensure Banana Fairy’s continued growth, but he was worried about where to get so many stat crystals for himself and Banana Fairy.

Zhou Wen could still use Mythical stat crystals, but Banana Fairy had to use Terror-grade stat crystals. Only Terror-grade creatures dropped them.

From the looks of it, I have to make another trip to the sapphire sky in the underground sea and the Endless Sea of Stars. Zhou Wen thought to himself about the dungeons he had downloaded and the possibility of any Terror creatures.