Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1142: Battling the Sapphire Sky Again

It was unknown if the Planet Devourer in the Endless Sea of Stars was at the Terror grade, but the huge dimensional creature in the Sapphire Sky was definitely at the Terror grade.

However, Zhou Wen found it odd. Why were Torch Dragon and Qiongqi who were guarding the temple at the Mythical stage while there was a Terror-grade creature in the Sapphire Sky?

Could it be that the temple isn’t the core of the Zhuolu ruins? The more Zhou Wen thought about it, the more he felt that it was right.

Sapphire Sky, Longevity Tree, Demon Blood True Dragon Guardian, White Bone Desert, and other places had all sorts of mysteries. In contrast, the temple wasn’t as exaggerated.

Although there was a powerful creature like Torch Dragon, it was only a youngling. It hadn’t even reached the Terror grade.

After killing the Gu Mother, Zhou Wen left the Valley of No Return dungeon because he didn’t know how long it would take for it to respawn. He headed for the Zhuolu underground sea to hunt the Terror creature in the Sapphire Sky.

Now, Zhou Wen and Banana Fairy needed to raise their stats. As for Demonic Neonate, she hadn’t truly advanced to the Terror grade. Her stats had reached their limits, so she couldn’t raise them for the time being.

In fact, Zhou Wen’s situation was similar to Demonic Neonate’s. However, humans had just advanced to the Mythical stage. They weren’t like Demonic Neonate who had maxed out her stats from the beginning. They still needed to slowly raise their stats.

When he arrived at the underground sea, the nine black dragons had already respawned. Zhou Wen first grinded the nine dragons, and another Companion Egg dropped.

Now, Zhou Wen already had seven Demon Blood True Dragon Companion Beasts. Only the last two types hadn’t been obtained.

Since the Demon Blood True Dragon with the Wu character hadn’t dropped a Companion Egg all this while, the other Demon Blood True Dragons couldn’t fuse. There was a constant indication that the main core was lacking. This made Zhou Wen suspect that the Demon Blood True Dragon with the Wu dragon pearl was the main core.

The Guardian in the war wagon was gone. Guardians weren’t like dimensional creatures and wouldn’t respawn.

I wonder how much that Guardian in Ant City has grown. With my present abilities, with Banana and Demonic Neonate, I should be able to kill her, right? Zhou Wen planned on giving it a try later.

After coming out of the sea, Zhou Wen looked up at the Sapphire Sky. The behemoth was in there and could be seen from afar.

The Sapphire Sky was clearly solid, but the behemoth swam around the Sapphire Sky as though it wasn’t solid but ordinary seawater.

Zhou Wen had previously attempted to shatter the Sapphire Sky, but the sapphire was abnormally hard. The power of a Mythical could only leave faint marks on it. It was impossible to shatter it.

Zhou Wen carefully observed the creature in the Sapphire Sky. The creature looked very strange. Its entire body was blue and translucent. Its upper body resembled a human’s body. It also had arms and hands, but its lower body didn’t have legs. It had many blue ribbon-like objects.

Its head was also different from humans. It looked like a jellyfish without any human facial features.

It wandered in the Sapphire Sky and occasionally swept its gaze over the blood-colored avatar, as though it was also observing it. Clearly, it had long discovered the blood-colored avatar.

However, for some reason, it didn’t leave the Sapphire Sky to attack the blood-colored avatar. It only occasionally moved its jellyfish-like head beneath the Sapphire Sky to observe the blood-colored avatar and the Companion Beasts.

Could it be that the Sapphire Sky is actually a prison? An idea flashed through Zhou Wen’s mind as he thought of this possibility. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Zhou Wen had been to the underground sea countless times, but apart from being attacked when he approached the Sapphire Sky, he was never in danger.

If it’s really imprisoned here, who imprisoned it? Why is it imprisoned here? Zhou Wen didn’t have any more clues and couldn’t figure it out.

After summoning Banana Fairy and Demonic Neonate, Demonic Neonate summoned Grim Demon.

Back when he had fought Di Tian, after Wang Mingyuan suppressed Grim Demon, he had used Grim Demon’s identity to enter the cube’s arena. Later, when Zhou Wen returned, Wang Mingyuan had imprisoned Zhou Wen in Fangzhang Mountain, and Grim Demon returned.

However, Zhou Wen was trapped, and Grim Demon had been sealed in the Demonic Sword the entire time. He had no chance of coming out.

Now, to kill the dimensional creature in the Sapphire Sky, Grim Demon would come in handy.

Zhou Wen got the blood-colored avatar to stand far away as Banana Fairy and Grim Demon approached the Sapphire Sky.

Banana Fairy blew a gust of Supreme Yin Wind at the Sapphire Sky from afar, but the Supreme Yin Wind was blocked by the Sapphire Sky. It couldn’t enter, so it naturally couldn’t injure the dimensional creature.

Zhou Wen immediately felt that something was amiss. Although the Sapphire Sky trapped the dimensional creature, it also prevented anyone from killing it.

That thing was indeed extraordinary, considering how even the Terror-grade Supreme Yin Wind couldn’t stir the Sapphire Sky.

Seeing that the Supreme Yin Wind had failed, Grim Demon emitted a terrifying demonic aura that swept towards the Sapphire Sky.

Boom!

Grim Demon’s punch struck the Sapphire Sky, creating a huge crater more than two meters in diameter. Although the destructive power was shocking, it was just a tiny gap in the entire sapphire sky—as inconspicuous as a needle eye.

Furthermore, after Grim Demon retracted his fist, sapphire shards automatically flew back and filled up the shattered hole. Soon, it returned to its original state without any trace of it being damaged.

Zhou Wen was even more alarmed. The power of the Sapphire Sky was clearly not self-healing; it was more like an ability like Time Reversal.

Just as Grim Demon retracted his palm, the dimensional creature in the Sapphire Sky emitted a blue beam of light that blasted out through the Sapphire Sky.

The dazzling light was so intense that it was almost blinding, but after passing through the Sapphire Sky, it became much weaker. It was extremely weak by the time it reached Grim Demon.

Even without using the Wheel of Destiny, Zhou Wen could see the blue beam.

This meant that the power of the blue beam was almost below the Terror grade. That was why it could be seen by the human eye.

Grim Demon was very disdainful of such weak strength. With a casual wave of his hand, he shot out a demonic beam, hoping to shatter the blue beam.

However, after the demonic aura came into contact with the blue light, the latter didn’t shatter. Instead, it seeped into the demonic aura, causing a strange blue color to suffuse the black demonic aura.

Furthermore, the blueness in the demonic aura became more and more obvious. Soon, the demonic aura that Grim Demon produced turned into sapphire.

Eh, that’s odd. Why can the Sapphire Sky block and weaken the power of dimensional creatures, but the dazzling light it emits can transform demonic aura into something like the Sapphire Sky? Zhou Wen found it odd.