Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1210: Successful Birth

Zhou Wen was originally worried that this was the dimension’s ploy as a way to lure him over.

However, Zhou Wen quickly dispelled this thought because he saw Tsukuyomi on the Cube’s screen.

However, Tsukuyomi arrived at Venus in her Terror form. Ordinary people couldn’t see her at all. Zhou Wen nearly exclaimed when he saw Tsukuyomi dressed in white like a goddess of the moon.

However, Tsukuyomi didn’t enter the magma. She only looked at it for a while before turning around and disappearing again. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

In the next few hours, Zhou Wen saw two strange creatures appear. One was an angel with black wings, while the other was a skeleton creature that resembled the Grim Reaper.

They arrived near Venus’s magma, but just like Tsukuyomi, they quickly left.

Not long after, the golden person and dragon that had entered the magma came out one after another before disappearing again.

Zhou Wen was already very curious. He wanted to know what was in Venus’s magma that could attract so many powerful creatures. Even the Calamity-grade Tsukuyomi had come.

Although he was extremely curious, Zhou Wen held back and continued gaming at home. Thankfully, he obtained a Demon Blood True Dragon Companion Egg.

Now, Zhou Wen had eight Demon Blood True Dragon Companion Eggs. All that was left was the Wu dragon pearl.

Ding!

Just as Zhou Wen was grinding the Pill Furnace Mountain dungeon, he suddenly heard a notification on his phone. Then, a message popped up.

‘Light Concealment Sword and Night Immaculate Sword have had a successful birth. Obtained a Companion Egg.’

Zhou Wen was slightly taken aback before he realized that thirty-six days had passed without him realizing it. Light Concealment Sword and Night Immaculate Sword had really produced a Companion Egg.

He hurriedly opened the Birth interface and indeed, he discovered a Companion Egg. The Companion Egg was somewhat different from the Light Concealment Sword and the Night Immaculate Sword. It wasn’t completely transparent, nor was it in vapor form like the Night Immaculate Sword. Instead, it was like a shadow, only a shadow without any form.

Could this be the Shadow Concealment Sword? Zhou Wen was puzzled as he opened the Companion Egg’s information. It was indeed the Shadow Concealment Sword.

Shadow Concealment Sword: Mythical

...

The stats of the Shadow Concealment Sword were very similar to the Light Concealment Sword and Night Immaculate Sword. Its skills and Life Providence were somewhat different, but it was also a very good Mythical Companion Beast. Its abilities weren’t inferior to Light Concealment and Night Immaculate.

However, Zhou Wen was somewhat disappointed. If the Birth ability could only give birth to Companion Eggs of the same grade, the birth of Mythical Companion Eggs wouldn’t be of much help to him.

Zhou Wen was originally looking forward to it. Even if the function couldn’t produce a Terror-grade Companion Egg, it wouldn’t be bad if it could produce an evolvable Companion Egg. However, it was just an ordinary Mythical Companion Egg.

A Mythical sword was indeed of little use to Zhou Wen with the Terror-grade Asura Saber.

He suddenly recalled that he could try out and see the effects a fusion of the three swords would have.

Zhou Wen had been looking forward to obtaining the nine Demon Blood True Dragon Companion Beasts because he wanted to fuse them, but he didn’t know if there would be any special effects after fusing them.

Light Concealment, Shadow Concealment, and Night Immaculate were said to be a set of swords. Furthermore, Light Concealment and Night Immaculate had an extremely high compatibility when matched to each other. Perhaps he could give it a try.

After incubating the Shadow Concealment Sword, he launched the synthesis interface and placed Light Concealment, Shadow Concealment, and Night Immaculate together. After the three swords were in place, a beam of light flashed on the synthesis column. The synthesis compatibility reached 99%. Furthermore, the three swords were glowing as though they were covered in a layer of divine light.

However, other than that, there was nothing special. There were no special hints.

Zhou Wen thought for a moment and pressed the fusion button.

In the next second, the three swords glowed brightly and instantly occupied the entire screen, preventing him from seeing anything.

After a while, the light converged. However, after the light vanished, Zhou Wen looked again and realized that a Companion Beast wasn’t the product.

In the fusion interface, a Companion Egg appeared. There were words under the fusion and a percentage indicator. It was only at 1%.

Zhou Wen waited for more than ten minutes, but the percentage was still 1%. It didn’t move. He didn’t know how long the fusion would take.

After about an hour, it finally jumped to 2%. Zhou Wen estimated that it would take four days to reach 100%. He had no choice but to ignore it and continue grinding Pill Furnace Mountain.

His luck today was pretty good. Zhou Wen had actually obtained another Resurrection Pill Essence. Although its effects were inferior to the Dragon Tiger Elixir, it was still a good healing item. Even if his heart shattered, he could be revived with one pill.

Of course, he couldn’t really die. At the very least, it would only be effective if he ate it on his last breath.

After that, Zhou Wen’s luck seemed to run out. He farmed many Mythical creatures, but nothing dropped.

Zhou Wen had already figured out the respawn pattern of the Terror-grade creatures he had killed. They could respawn in a week, but the drop rate of Companion Eggs wasn’t high, so he didn’t gain anything.

As time passed, the shadow in the magma became more and more obvious. Zhou Wen was no longer the only one who could see it—many people in the Federation could see the shadow.

There were also impressive people who managed to deduce that the shadow was likely a building.

Furthermore, it was certain that the shadow would appear when the countdown was up.

Now, people were guessing that the building in the magma was likely the arena for the Battle of the Cube. When the building appeared, it would be the true beginning of the battle.

However, some people believed that the building wasn’t a combat arena. It was very likely a dimensional zone—a dimensional zone on Venus.

There were also all sorts of random guesses. Zhou Wen also read some of them, but he didn’t really find them plausible.

Tai Sui has eaten all kinds of good stuff. Why isn’t there any reaction? Zhou Wen realized that most of the Dragon King Gu in the calabash had been eaten by Tai Sui. Only a segment about four meters long was left of its huge body. It wouldn’t be able to last much longer.

He was somewhat conflicted about Tai Sui’s advancement. Tai Sui was too infamous. If it advanced to the Terror grade and brought disaster to Zhou Wen, it wouldn’t be worth it.

After grinding all the dimensional zones he could with no harvest to speak of, all he could do was wait for the respawn time and study the shadow on Venus.

It had been two days since Venus appeared on the Cube. There were less than twenty-four hours left on the countdown. When Zhou Wen went to the Cube to take a look, he could see the true appearance of the shadow despite it not having surfaced.