Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1216: Faceless Buddha

Translator: CKtalon

“Not enough.” Brother Milk didn’t explain much. He only said two simple words.

“How much more is needed?” Hui Wan asked seriously.

“A hundred times more.” Brother Milk gave a number only because he wanted Hui Wan to return. He didn’t believe that Hui Wan could really do it, at least not in a short period of time.

“Alright, I’ll earn more money. When I return, I can exchange it for Ah Cai.” Hui Wan was only a child after all, so he took Brother Milk’s words seriously.

“Alright, I’ll send you out.” Brother Milk sent Zhou Wen and Hui Wan out.

When Old Jin saw Brother Milk take them out, he couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief. He didn’t wish to clash with Brother Milk.

“Everyone, they are just children. Can you not make things difficult for them and give them a way out?” Brother Milk said as he looked at the crowd.

“Since you said so, it must be a misunderstanding,” Old Jin hurriedly added.

Most people took Brother Milk’s prestige into consideration and automatically made way.

Zhou Wen thanked Brother Milk and company. Just as he was about to leave with Hui Wan, he suddenly heard the strange sounds of hooves.

With the sound of hooves, everyone’s expression changed. Even the color in Brother Milk’s face drained.

Zhou Wen immediately realized what had happened. He turned his head and looked in the direction of the sound of hooves. He saw a person slowly walking over on a two-headed dragon.

The two-headed dragon’s body was pitch-black, as though it was carved from black gemstones. Every scale emitted a dark light, as though it was an abyss in a mirror.

The person sitting on the double-headed dragon’s back was extremely majestic. He was nearly three meters tall and looked like a giant. However, although he was majestic, he didn’t appear clumsy. His body was in a muscular, streamlined shape, making him exude explosive strength.

Compared to the tight black armor, he looked even more domineering and mysterious. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

No one could see the face underneath the faceless mask. Upon seeing the mask, Zhou Wen roughly guessed who he was.

Actually, there was no need to guess. The reaction of the people in Fireworks Lane was enough to explain everything. The person who had arrived was likely Faceless Buddha—a godlike existence in Fireworks Lane.

Wherever Faceless Buddha passed, everyone automatically retreated to the sides of the street. They pressed their palms together and bowed their heads as though they were praying to Buddha. No one dared to look up at Faceless Buddha.

Old Jin’s face was pale. When he saw Faceless Buddha approach from afar, he immediately knelt down and said, “Your Excellency, I saw that they were only children and thought it was a prank, so I wanted to spare them...”

Even Brother Milk, who was rather respected, was less carefree in front of Faceless Buddha. He said with a heavy expression, “Your Excellency, this matter has nothing to do with Old Jin and company. I forced Old Jin to release them. The two of them are only children. You won’t hold anything against two children, right?”

“Didn’t I say that the Hui family isn’t allowed to enter Fireworks Lane?” Faceless Buddha said indifferently.

“Yes,” Brother Milk answered bitterly.

“Are they from the Hui family?” Faceless Buddha asked again.

Brother Milk opened his mouth, not knowing how to answer.

“I’m from the Hui family. My name is Hui Wan. I came independently. It has nothing to do with them,” Hui Wan said as he came in front of the horse. He took out the various contracts in his backpack and introduced the value of the items.

“As long as you release Ah Cai, these will all be yours. If you think it’s not enough, you can name a price. It doesn’t matter if it’s ten times or a hundred times more; I’ll give it to you as soon as possible.” Hui Wan’s tiny body stood in front of the majestic double-headed dragon, showing zero fear.

“Even if it’s a thousand or ten thousand times, it won’t be enough to exchange for Ah Cai,” Faceless Buddha said indifferently.

Hui Wan froze. Although he was good at earning money, it would still be too difficult to earn a thousand or ten thousand times more. Furthermore, even if he could amass that fortune, the other party wasn’t willing to exchange Ah Cai for it. This made him feel unprecedented helplessness.

Only then did Hui Wan look like an ordinary child. He looked at Zhou Wen, at a loss, his eyes filled with helplessness and unease.

The two-headed dragon continued walking forward and was about to touch Hui Wan. Brother Milk thought that Faceless Buddha was really going to attack Hui Wan, so he hurriedly pulled Hui Wan away. However, he didn’t dare attack Faceless Buddha. He pleaded, “Your Excellency, he’s only a child. Even if his surname is Hui, what the Hui family has done has nothing to do with him. Please spare him.”

Only Brother Milk had the guts to speak. The others, like Old Jin and Old Demon, didn’t even dare breathe. The pressure Faceless Buddha gave was too terrifying. This person seemed to be born with a terrifying pressure.

Despite Brother Milk’s pleas, the two-headed dragon didn’t stop. However, Faceless Buddha didn’t attack Hui Wan either. The two-headed dragon walked past them and arrived in front of Zhou Wen.

“When did your surname become Hui?” Faceless Buddha looked at Zhou Wen and asked out of the blue. It left Brother Milk, Old Demon, and company taken aback.

“When did my surname become Hui? Don’t you know my surname?” Zhou Wen said with a smile. He had already recognized the person the moment Faceless Buddha appeared.

“When did you arrive?” Faceless Buddha asked again.

“I just arrived today,” Zhou Wen answered.

“When are you leaving?” Faceless Buddha asked again.

“I originally planned on leaving now, but since you are here, I have to let you bleed a little. I’ll leave after having a feast,” Zhou Wen said with a smile.

“Come on up.” Faceless Buddha turned the two-headed dragon around, clearly letting Zhou Wen sit on it.

This action made everyone in Fireworks Lane widen their eyes. Although Faceless Buddha was the king of Fireworks Lane, he had always been a loner. He never took anyone with him. No one had ever been to his residence, much less ride with him.

“I brought this child here. I have the responsibility to take him back safely. Can I bring him with me?” Zhou Wen knew that this person wasn’t someone who would attack a child.

“Whatever. It’s up to you.” Faceless Buddha’s answer left everyone gaping in surprise.

Old Demon, Old Jin, and company stole glances at Zhou Wen. They had never heard of anyone who could make Faceless Buddha make such a concession.

Back when the Cape family beat up a woman in Fireworks Lane, Faceless Buddha broke all their limbs and ordered that the Cape family was not to enter Fireworks Lane for three months.

However, a young man from the Cape family ignored him and came to Fireworks Lane. In the end, he was mercilessly killed by Faceless Buddha. The Cape family failed to do anything to him.

Now, because of Zhou Wen’s words, not only did Faceless Buddha let Hui Wan go, but he was also willing to let Hui Wan, a member of the Hui family, go to his house. This was unbelievable.

Hui Wan also looked at Zhou Wen in a daze as he stood there motionless. It was unknown what he was thinking.

Zhou Wen grabbed Hui Wan and got onto the two-headed dragon’s back.. Under the gazes of everyone in Fireworks Lane, the two-headed dragon carried them and vanished deep into the long street.

1