Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1217: Reunion

Translator: CKtalon

In an ordinary-looking yard, there were many plants—all kinds of grass and flowers. Most of them were edible vegetables.

These weren’t plant-type dimensional creatures, but the most ordinary plants on Earth.

“Do you still have to wear a mask at home?” Zhou Wen said to Faceless Buddha who was sitting on the stone bench in the yard.

“I just don’t want to scare others,” Faceless Buddha said as he took off his mask, revealing a face that wasn’t ugly, but was extremely ferocious. Just a look from him was enough to make one shiver.

1

“Ah!” When Hui Wan saw that face, he immediately retreated in fright as though he had seen a ferocious serial killer.

The person known as the Faceless Buddha was none other than Zhou Wen’s classmate, Gu Dian. In the past, Gu Dian had also been a member of the Xuanwen Club. Zhou Wen never expected him to become the famous Faceless Buddha of Fireworks Lane.

“Why did you come here to become Faceless Buddha?” Zhou Wen ignored the terrified Hui Wan and asked Gu Dian.

“To survive.” Gu Dian said it very casually as though it was something extremely normal. However, Zhou Wen could sense the pain and helplessness contained within.

“Ah Cai!” Just as Zhou Wen was about to say something, Hui Wan shouted excitedly.

Zhou Wen turned his head and saw Hui Wan excitedly rushing towards a beautiful girl in a cloak. Zhou Wen finally saw the legendary Ah Cai.

She was a delicate and gentle woman who looked to be less than twenty years old. She had a sweet smile that warmed a person’s heart.

“Ah Cai, you don’t have to be afraid. I’ll protect you.” Hui Wan mustered his courage and stood in front of Ah Cai. He glanced at Gu Dian and his legs went limp again, but he didn’t retreat. He remained very firm.

“Little Wan, no one will hurt me,” Ah Cai said gently as she stroked Hui Wan’s head.

“Didn’t he force you here?” Hui Wan wanted to point at Gu Dian, but when he saw him, he didn’t dare do so. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“No, I came here willingly with him. Although he looks very fierce, he’s very nice and gentle,” Ah Cai said.

“You don’t have to be afraid. I... Zhou Wen and I will protect you.” Hui Wan didn’t believe her. No matter how he looked at Gu Dian, he didn’t seem like a very nice and gentle person.

“Take him out to play,” Gu Dian said to Ah Cai.

Ah Cai responded and took Hui Wan out of the yard.

Only then did Gu Dian say to Zhou Wen, “Is it a coincidence that you came here, or are you here specifically for me?”

“A coincidence. After I returned to school, I asked around for your whereabouts, but no one knew where you were. What happened? Why did you become Faceless Buddha?” Zhou Wen opened the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder and Great Brahma. One blocked any possible nomological forces, while the other prevented anyone nearby from eavesdropping on their conversation.

Gu Dian said, “Many factions need a place where they can conduct transactions. And the person presiding over this place has to be unrelated to any party. At the same time, he has to be trusted by many parties.”

“It shouldn’t be difficult to find such a person,” Zhou Wen said.

“It’s not difficult to find such a person, but there aren’t many people who aren’t human,” Gu Dian said expressionlessly.

Zhou Wen couldn’t help but fall silent. Half of Gu Dian’s bloodline wasn’t human. Although Zhou Wen and the members of the Xuanwen Club didn’t mind, he would still be categorized as an anomaly among the human race.

However, Gu Dian didn’t seem to mind this as he continued, “Most importantly, the dimension also needs a non-human person like me to work for them. That’s why I became Faceless Buddha of Fireworks Lane.”

“Dimension?” Zhou Wen’s body trembled.

If Gu Dian were to surrender to the dimension, how would he deal with him when Zhou Wen fought the dimension in the future?

“There’s something here. Take a look. Destroy it after you’re done. If there’s nothing else, don’t come again.” Gu Dian took out a package and handed it to Zhou Wen.

“What is it?” Zhou Wen asked.

“See for yourself when you return.” With that said, Gu Dian got up and walked out of the yard.

Seeing that he was determined to see him off, Zhou Wen had no choice but to put away the package and get up to walk out of the yard with Gu Dian.

“Ah Cai, you really don’t have to be afraid. I’ll definitely save you.” Hui Wan still didn’t believe that Ah Cai had stayed here willingly.

Ah Cai still wanted to explain, but Gu Dian grabbed Hui Wan’s head and pulled him in front of him.

“Come on, I’m not afraid of you. I’m saving Ah Cai.” Hui Wan punched and kicked in the air, but his tiny arms and legs couldn’t touch Gu Dian.

“Come again when you have the ability to save her.” Gu Dian casually threw Hui Wan to the ground. Hui Wan’s buttocks nearly split open as he cried out in pain.

Then, Gu Dian took Ah Cai back to the yard and closed the door. Hui Wan gritted his teeth and got up, but he didn’t chase after them again. He also didn’t clamor to save Ah Cai.

“Let’s go back.” Zhou Wen left Fireworks Lane with Hui Wan. This time, Hui Wan didn’t insist on staying.

When they passed by Fireworks Lane, everyone consciously made way for them.

Not long after leaving, Hui Wan suddenly asked Zhou Wen seriously, “Faceless Buddha is very polite to you. You must be very powerful, right?”

“So-so. It’s passable,” Zhou Wen said with a shrug.

“Who’s stronger between you and Faceless Buddha?” Hui Wan asked again.

“We’ve never competed, so I don’t know. Why are you asking?” Zhou Wen looked at Hui Wan in surprise.

“I want to defeat Faceless Buddha. No one in the Hui family is stronger than him. I want you to teach me. Tell me whatever conditions you have; I’ll meet them as long as I can.” Hui Wan’s expression was very serious.

“I don’t lack money,” Zhou Wen said with a smile.

Hui Wan immediately panicked and hurriedly said, “Do you have any Companion Beasts or Mythical Serums you want? I can think of a way to help you obtain them.”

“Can you obtain such a Companion Beast? If you can, I’ll teach you.” Zhou Wen summoned Banana Fairy.

Hui Wan watched as Banana Fairy’s beautiful figure gradually vanished in front of him. He couldn’t help but widen his eyes. A humanoid Terror-grade Companion Beast?

“How is that? Do you still want to learn from me?” Zhou Wen said with a smile.

Hui Wan lowered his head, but he quickly looked up and said with a serious expression, “I can work for you. I’m still very young. I can’t obtain such a Companion Beast now, but I’ll definitely be able to obtain it in ten or twenty years. In those ten years... No... twenty years... I can work for you...”

Seeing Zhou Wen’s expression remain unchanged, Hui Wan continued guiltily, “What about... 30 years...”

“Would you be willing to work for me your entire life?” Zhou Wen asked Hui Wan with a smile.

Hui Wan’s body trembled, but his gaze quickly turned firm. He looked at Zhou Wen and said, “If you can promise to help me defeat Faceless Buddha, I will work for you for the rest of my life.”

Zhou Wen looked at Hui Wan in surprise and asked, “Is Ah Cai that important to you?”

“It’s not just for Ah Cai. I can’t let my family be harmed like Ah Cai. I want to have the power to protect them.. Just having money isn’t enough,” Hui Wan said.