Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1221: Golden Gun

Translator: CKtalon

The Metal Guards that rushed out of the six doors came wave after wave. Zhou Wen slashed out and large swaths of Metal Guards were killed. The tinkling sounds of dimensional crystals dropping could be heard.

Among them was a silver metal Companion Egg. Zhou Wen picked it up.

Metal Guard: Mythical

Life Providence: Metal Life

Life Soul: Metal Armor

Wheel of Destiny: Bullet Storm

Strength: 78

Speed: 71

Constitution: 80

Essence Energy: 67

Talent Skill: Precision Shooting, Armor-Piercing Bullets, Crazy Sweep

Companion Form: Metal Submachine Gun

Zhou Wen attempted to summon it in the form of a submachine gun. The Metal Guard transformed into a bright silver submachine gun that was the same as the ones in his opponents’ hands.

He pulled the trigger at the Metal Guard that was rushing over. Flames spewed out, and under the continuous recoil, bullets shot out one after another, hitting a Metal Guard, riddling his body with holes and turning him into a hornet’s nest.

1

However, the Metal Guard’s injuries quickly recovered. The metal bullets were completely useless against him.

From the looks of it, it’s impossible to use the Metal Guard to kill the other Metal Guards. I can only use it elsewhere in the future. Zhou Wen needed to continue using the Asura Saber to kill the Metal Guards that rushed in.

Finally after killing more than a hundred Metal Guards, no new Metal Guards poured in. Zhou Wen wanted to walk through the six doors.

However, just as he approached the door, his body was repelled by a force. It was as though an invisible force was blocking the door, preventing him from passing.

Zhou Wen tried using teleportation again, but he was similarly unable to teleport over. Even spatial teleportation was blocked by some force.

Just as Zhou Wen was wondering how he could enter, an alarm sounded above one of the doors.

Accompanying the shrill alarm, a figure walked out of the door.

It was also a metal lifeform, but this fellow was more than ten meters tall. His entire body was gold in color and he held a golden revolver in each hand. His body was burning with golden flames.

After coming out, he began firing at the blood-colored avatar crazily. Bullets with golden beams rained down on the blood-colored avatar.

Zhou Wen teleported behind the golden guard and slashed at its head.

However, the golden guard’s joints spewed out golden flames that quickly propelled his body, allowing him to dodge Zhou Wen’s strike.

A Terror-grade creature appeared so quickly? Zhou Wen’s eyes flashed as his saber continued accelerating in midair. With Transcendent Flying Immortal, he caught up to the golden guard and split its head into two.

Half of the golden guard’s head was sliced off, revealing a large number of metal components—but it didn’t immediately die.

The Asura Saber in Zhou Wen’s hand slashed repeatedly. As he dodged the twin golden guns’ firing, he diced up his adversary’s body into several pieces, revealing a golden energy source in his chest.

After destroying the golden energy source with one strike, the golden guard finally collapsed.

‘Killed Terror-grade creature, Golden Battle God Mark I. Discovered Dimensional Crystal.’

Zhou Wen picked it up and realized that it was an 89-Speed Crystal. He hurriedly picked it up and absorbed it.

Before he could finish absorbing it, he heard another alarm. Another Golden Battle God walked out from another door. He was very similar to the Golden Battle God Mark I from before, but the golden guns in his hand were somewhat different.

Another Terror-grade! Zhou Wen was overjoyed. He was just worrying about finding a place to grind a large number of Terror creatures. The Venusian dungeon was an answer to his dreams.

The Golden Battle God here had powerful offensive strength and extremely strong defense. Its speed wasn’t slow either. It was considered a very powerful Terror-grade dimensional creature.

However, in front of Zhou Wen who was good at teleportation and had powerful offensive strength, these Golden Battle Gods were basically lambs to be slaughtered.

The second Golden Battle God didn’t last long before being slain under Zhou Wen’s blade.

‘Killed Terror-grade creature, Golden Battle God Mark II.’

Unfortunately, nothing dropped this time, leaving Zhou Wen somewhat disappointed.

Thankfully, the third Golden Battle God quickly appeared. These Golden Battle Gods looked similar. They couldn’t touch Zhou Wen at all before being killed.

This time, the Golden Battle God Mark III dropped another dimensional crystal, allowing Zhou Wen’s four stats to successfully reach 81 points, but there were no signs of him advancing to the Terror grade.

One Golden Battle God after another was killed by Zhou Wen. When the Golden Battle God that walked out of the sixth door was killed by Zhou Wen, a Companion Egg dropped.

The Companion Egg was made of gold. It was burning with golden flames and there were magma-like cracks that lined the surface of the Companion Egg. It looked extremely cool.

Zhou Wen was delighted as he hurriedly picked up the Companion Egg and chose to hatch it.

Golden Battle God Mark VI: Terror grade.

Life Providence: Metal Life

Life Soul: Metal Armor

Wheel of Destiny: Infinite Bullets

Terror transformation: Golden Battle God

Strength: 97

Speed: 94

Constitution: 98

Essence Energy: 98

Talent Skill: Explosive Bullets, Crazy Sweep, Rapid Fire

Companion Form: Golden Gun Mark VI

Zhou Wen extended his hand and beckoned. A golden revolver appeared in his hand. It looked gorgeous and beautiful, identical to the one in the Golden Battle God Mark VI’s hand. However, the model was clearly much smaller, making it suitable for Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen wanted to test the might of the Golden Gun, but the Golden Battle Gods didn’t continue appearing. The six doors fell silent as though there were only six Golden Battle Gods.

Just as Zhou Wen was sizing up the doors, the alarm on the six doors suddenly sounded. The ear-piercing sound made him nervous.

What the hell will it be this time? Just as Zhou Wen was thinking, he suddenly heard a gunshot.

Before Zhou Wen could react, a hole in the blood-colored avatar’s head blasted open. Its head exploded and the phone screen went black.

1

Thankfully, I’m in-game. Zhou Wen secretly rejoiced that he hadn’t entered this dungeon in real life. The person who had killed him with a bullet was most likely a Calamity-grade creature. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

He wanted to drip his blood into the Venus instance dungeon again, but he was notified by the system that the instance dungeon could only be reopened after 24 hours.

Hui Haifeng hadn’t returned, so Zhou Wen had nothing to do. He took out the package Gu Dian had given him.

Opening the package, he saw a set of clothes inside.

The clothes were naturally not the run-of-the-mill clothes, but a high-tech combat uniform. This combat uniform was typically used for ordinary soldiers. It was basically useless for humans at Zhou Wen’s level.

Zhou Wen felt that Gu Dian wasn’t the kind of person who would gift clothes, so he scanned the combat uniform and quickly found a hidden memory card in the first-aid kit that came with it.