Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1226: Limitless Demon Dragon King

Translator: CKtalon

Let me wait and see. Zhou Wen wasn’t in a rush to head over. He planned on understanding the situation first.

His main goal was to determine the black dragon’s level. Although it didn’t seem like a Calamity-grade creature, the old saying was right. One couldn’t judge a book by its cover. If it was a Calamity-grade, Zhou Wen might very well be killed if he went to pick up the spoils.

It wasn’t only Zhou Wen. Many people in the Federation had their eyes peeled to screen. Many bigwigs from various factions wanted to figure out what was so special about the Venusian dimensional zone and why the Cube was broadcasting it.

The black dragon entered the dimensional zone. The situation inside was the same as before—the six doors were closed, and a Metal Guard was in the room.

This was just as Zhou Wen had imagined. Every time a creature entered the Venusian dimensional zone in reality, the same number of dimensional creatures would appear. It felt like a game refreshing its map, but it also felt different.

The black dragon spat out dragon breath and killed the Metal Guard. It looked easy, definitely placing it in the ranks at or above the Terror grade.

Just as Zhou Wen saw the six doors open, his fingers suddenly vibrated. He took out his phone and saw that the nine Demon Blood True Dragons’ fusion had reached 100%.

He hurriedly opened the fusion window and saw a black demon dragon appear inside.

However, this demon dragon was somewhat different from the previous Demon Blood True Dragon.

This demon dragon’s body seemed to be carved from black gemstones. There was no sign of it having nine heads. It had only one dragon head with a pair of corresponding dragon horns.

It only had one pair of eyes as well, but the pupils were in the form of the Eight Trigrams Taiji symbol. Apart from that, its body wasn’t any smaller than the typical Demon Dragon True Dragon, but it looked much more mightier.

1 Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Zhou Wen hurriedly looked at its detailed information, hoping that it was a Terror-grade armor. After all, the original Demon Blood True Dragons had armor forms. The possibility of this Demon Dragon being an armor was very high.

Limitless Demon Dragon King: Terror

Life Providence: Dragon King

Life Soul: Demon King

Wheel of Destiny: Limitless Wheel

Terror Form: Omega Dao

Strength: 99

Speed: 99

Constitution: 99

Essence Energy: 99

Talent Skill: Dragon Breath, Limitless Eyes, Demon Dragon Transformation

Companion Form: Armor

The armor companion form was expected, but the Limitless Demon Dragon King didn’t have an Evolvable attribute. This left Zhou Wen somewhat disappointed.

Apart from that, Zhou Wen was very satisfied with the Limitless Demon Dragon King’s various skills and stats.

Companion Beasts that form a complete set don’t necessarily produce one with an evolvable attribute. Zhou Wen carefully looked at the Limitless Demon Dragon King’s various abilities.

The Dragon King Life Providence had an extremely strong immunity to all sorts of elements. It was a little overboard to say it was immune to all elements, but it was at least immune to 80-90% of them.

The Demon King could demonize bodies to give them physical immunity. Although it wasn’t completely immune, with the Dragon King Life Providence, it had a high immunity to all sorts of powers. Its defense was astonishing.

The Limitless Wheel was an ability that Zhou Wen valued the most. This was a skill that allowed him to freely transfer his strength. When combined with the use of Limitless Eyes, he could achieve the exchange of strength between different creatures, just like the nine Demon Blood True Dragons.

However, Zhou Wen needed to cast the Limitless Wheel on other creatures ahead of time. Furthermore, he needed the cooperation of the creatures to complete it. At the same time, he could only form a Limitless connection with eight creatures.

The Terror form’s Omega Dao seemed to be a super state. Zhou Wen hadn’t experimented with it yet, so he didn’t know how useful it was.

Demon Dragon Transformation could make it’s body stronger. Its effects also needed to be tested in actual combat.

After summoning the Limitless Demon Dragon King in its companion form, a mysterious black crystal armor appeared on Zhou Wen.

The black crystal scale armor enveloped Zhou Wen’s body without leaving any gaps. The helmet was in the shape of a dragon’s head, and there was a pair of dragon horns on his head.

Zhou Wen, who was wearing the Dragon King armor, was like a humanoid dragon carved from black gems. He exuded mystery and bizarreness, but he also emitted a terrifying aura.

I wonder how its defense is. I’ll find an opportunity to test it later. Zhou Wen felt that the armor’s appearance was a little exaggerated, but it likely wasn’t lacking in ability. After all, its stats and skills were amazing.

On the Cube’s screen, the black dragon had already finished off a large number of Metal Guards. Its body was extremely strong, so the bullets from the Metal Guards were useless against it. They were torn to pieces by the black dragon.

Many dimensional crystals dropped to the ground, as well as two Metal Guard Companion Eggs. The Earthlings were envious, but the black dragon didn’t pick them up.

Soon, the Golden Battle God Mark I appeared. His freezing bullets hit the Terror-form black dragon. Although the freezing effect showed some effects, it was obvious that it wasn’t very effective.

The black dragon pounced forward to engage the Golden Battle God in melee combat. Both of their bodies were especially powerful, but the black dragon ultimately gained the upper hand. After fighting for more than an hour, it finally killed the Golden Battle God.

The Golden Battle God Mark II appeared next. His flaming bullets weren’t very effective against the black dragon, so it ended up in a melee battle again.

The black dragon obtained final victory again, but it was obvious that it had suffered some damage and was rather drained.

A third Golden Battle God appeared. This Golden Battle God had lightning bullets which had a paralyzing effect. When it struck the black dragon, it caused a portion of its body to be paralyzed. Compounded by its earlier injuries and exhaustion, the situation didn’t look good.

Zhou Wen was already certain that the black dragon was at the Terror grade. It would be difficult for it to defeat all the Golden Battle Gods. It was time to pick up the spoils.

Without any hesitation, Zhou Wen used Singularity Universe’s teleportation ability and arrived on Venus again. He wore his new Dragon King armor.

Many humans in the Federation and overseas were watching this battle. As neither side was human, they didn’t show obvious support for either party.

However, the dimensional crystals and Companion Eggs on the ground were tantalizing. As they watched, the black dragon went into berserk mode and withstood the paralyzing effects of the lightning bullets as it charged at the Golden Battle God.

After biting at its opponent crazily and paying a considerable price, it finally killed the Golden Battle God Mark III. A golden Companion Egg dropped.

“A Terror-grade Companion Egg!” Everyone widened their eyes as they looked at the golden Companion Egg. Their drool was about to drip down.

That was a Terror-grade Companion Egg. Furthermore, it had such powerful strength. Who wouldn’t want it? Unfortunately, no one could enter.

The black dragon wasn’t interested in the Companion Egg either. It had no intention of picking it up, making the allure even more irresistible. They wished they could run in and grab it with their mouths before running out.

Suddenly, a black figure appeared on the screen, stunning all the spectating beings.