Chapter 1229: Skeleton

The Grim Reaper-like skeleton shuttled through the bullets like a ghost. The bullets struck its cloak, but they passed through it without injuring its body.

Instead, the scythe in the skeleton’s hand sliced through the horde of Metal Guards like it was culling chives. Soon, many dimensional crystals and Companion Eggs dropped to the ground.

Zhou Wen wasn’t in a rush to enter as he continued watching the battle in front of a Cube.

Soon, the skeleton welcomed the Golden Battle God Mark I. When the frost bullet hit the skeleton’s body, it penetrated its body like an ordinary bullet.

Even if the Golden Battle God took the initiative to detonate the Frost Bullet, the skeleton wasn’t affected at all amidst the cold fog. Instead, it was like a devil in hell. The scythe in its hands turned into an ice scythe and split the Golden Battle God’s body into two.

“What creature is that? It’s so powerful. It killed the Golden Battle God with one strike!”

“This fellow looks like he has a chance of fighting to the end.”

“Who knows? Let’s wait and see.”

“Could that Grim Reaper-like fellow be a Calamity-grade existence?”

As people discussed, the Golden Battle God Mark II appeared. Flames exploded as terrifying flames devoured the entire room.

However, the skeleton rushed out from the flames. Its body and scythe were covered in flames, making it appear like a flaming devil. It culled the Golden Battle God Mark II under its scythe.

How powerful! Even Zhou Wen was surprised by the skeleton’s strength.

However, Zhou Wen didn’t believe that it was at the Calamity grade. The skeleton was very strong, but it was still a distance away from the Calamity grade. At the very least, from the Calamity-grade creatures he had seen, the skeleton wasn’t at that level.

After the Golden Battle God Mark II was killed, a Companion Egg dropped.

Just as the skeleton was about to pick up the Companion Egg, he suddenly saw a black shadow flash. A figure snatched the Companion Egg in front of him.

The skeleton was slightly taken aback. While he was in a daze, Zhou Wen had already taken away the other Mythical dimensional crystals and Companion Eggs.

“Holy sh*t, Looter King has appeared again!”

“Is this fellow addicted to looting?”

“Isn’t he afraid that the skeleton will kill him from pissing him off?”

“Another Terror-grade Companion Egg has been taken by him. This killing is way too easy.”

Everyone was envious and jealous. As for the skeleton, it was clearly different from the black dragon. When it saw Zhou Wen snatch the Companion Egg, it didn’t hesitate to slash at him.

Its figure was like a ghost, so fast that one couldn’t see it clearly. However, Zhou Wen teleported and dodged the skeleton’s attack.

Zhou Wen didn’t leave the room because there was no place on Venus where he could view the Cube. There was no signal on his phone either. Even if he teleported back to Earth, he might not be able to teleport to a place with a signal. If he went out, he wouldn’t know what was happening in the room. The best way was to stay in the room and leave after picking up all the loot.

The skeleton wanted to attack Zhou Wen, but the Golden Battle God had already appeared. Lightning bullets spewed out crazily, giving the skeleton no chance to pay attention to Zhou Wen.

Of the Golden Battle God Companion Eggs, I already have three—Mark II, III, and IV. If I can gather all six, will I be able to fuse a set? What can a Terror-grade Companion Beast set produce through fusion? A Calamity-grade creature? Zhou Wen was filled with anticipation.

A Mythical set fused to form a Terror-grade creature, so it did seem reasonable that a Terror set would fuse into a Calamity-grade creature. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The skeleton was really strong. When facing the Golden Battle God Mark III, it quickly gained the upper hand again. The bullets with special attributes couldn’t injure it at all.

Even with the lightning around him, the skeleton could draw upon the power of the lightning as his own. It ended up increasing his strength.

This fellow’s skill is very powerful! Zhou Wen looked at the skeleton and made a plan. Since this fellow is definitely doomed, why don’t I kill it? Perhaps a Companion Egg will drop?

Of course, Zhou Wen didn’t plan on taking action now. He continued watching the battle from a corner in the room.

The third, fourth, fifth, and sixth Golden Battle Gods were killed by the skeleton’s scythe. They didn’t cause too much trouble for him. It could be seen that the skeleton’s strength was probably top-notch among the Terror-grade existences.

Unfortunately, after killing four Golden Battle Gods, only one stat crystal dropped. Naturally, it was snatched by Zhou Wen again.

The alarms on the six doors sounded at the same time. Zhou Wen took a deep breath. This time, he didn’t teleport away. Instead, he took out a Substitute Talisman and stuck it on his head.

The success rate of producing a Substitute Talisman was too low, but it was indeed useful for preserving his life. Zhou Wen would draw a few whenever he was free, but unfortunately, he had too few successes.

Up to now, he only had two. Typically, Zhou Wen couldn’t bear to use them.

This time, he had only taken it out as a form of insurance. This was because Zhou Wen had already tested it when he entered the Venusian instance dungeon. If two creatures were present at the same time, the monster behind the door would target one at a time.

Zhou Wen had previously summoned Banana Fairy, Golden Battle God, and Asura to accompany him, but the three Terror-grade Companion Beasts were each shot and killed on the spot. He didn’t even see what the creature looked like before the blood-colored avatar was killed.

However, when Zhou Wen summoned his Mythical Companion Beast, the first to be killed was the blood-colored avatar.

Therefore, Zhou Wen could roughly determine that the creature inside the door would target the most powerful creature first.

Zhou Wen was only at the Mythical stage, so if there was a Terror-grade creature present, the first to be killed would be the Terror-grade creature. And without a Terror-grade creature present, he would be killed for standing out.

Of course, just in case, Zhou Wen stuck a Substitute Talisman on himself.

The skeleton was on high alert as he stared intently at one of the doors. It was where the last bullet had shot out.

However, according to Zhou Wen’s experience, the bullets might not shoot out from the same door. If he focused his attention on the door, he would probably suffer greatly.

Now, Zhou Wen wanted to know if the skeleton could withstand the shot. If a top Terror creature like him couldn’t even withstand a single shot, without a Calamity-grade assistant, the chances of him clearing the Venusian instance dungeon were almost zero.

Bam!

Before the gunshot, the cloak on the skeleton’s head was lifted by a powerful force, revealing a bald skull.

One side of the skull’s head shattered and, along with the entire head, exploded like a watermelon.

The skeleton’s body was also slammed into the wall by the powerful force. All his bones scattered.

Zhou Wen originally wanted to teleport away, but he suddenly realized that all the bones of the shattered skeleton were trembling. As for the door, it didn’t immediately fire a second shot.

In the next second, under everyone’s gaze, the bones emitted gray gas before flying up and condensing into the skeleton.