Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1231: Seventh Shot That Spells Certain Death

Zhou Wen hurriedly summoned Banana Fairy, the three Golden Battle Gods, Deva Asura, Limitless Demon Dragon King, and Son of Heaven’s Three Swords, allowing them to rush towards the door that shot out the bullets.

A series of gunshots sounded. Apart from the Son of Heaven’s Three Swords held by Zhou Wen, the other Terror-grade Companion Beasts were shot and killed one by one. They didn’t even have the chance to dodge as they were almost immediately wiped out.

The reason why it was ‘almost’ was because Deva Asura dodged the first bullet that was aimed at him. However, with another shot, Deva Asura was still killed.

He can actually dodge it? Zhou Wen was surprised that Deva Asura could dodge the shot. He originally imagined that it would be difficult for him to fight a Calamity-grade expert, like Grim Reaper No. 10, head-on.

However, Deva Asura’s successful dodge made Zhou Wen see another possibility.

The reason Deva Asura could dodge was naturally due to luck and good fortune. Deva Asura definitely couldn’t dodge the shot from speed alone. After all, he couldn’t even dodge Zhou Wen’s teleportation in time. No matter how fast Deva Asura was, he couldn’t be faster than Zhou Wen.

If I can dodge using luck and fortune, I might have a solution. Zhou Wen thought of the Devas in the Deva Realm. Those Devas had luck and fortune skills, and their companion form was Heavenly Robe.

Zhou Wen thought that if the luck and good fortune of the Heavenly Robe and the Deva Asura Saber augmented him, he might be able to dodge the Calamity-grade bullets.

The augmentation effect of luck and fortune was weakest against large area-of-effect attacks, but from the looks of it, the Calamity-grade creature behind the door didn’t seem to have any area-of-effect attacks. If he only needed to dodge the bullets, luck and fortune were extremely useful.

I wonder if the Devas in the Deva Realm have any other Companion Forms. If they are in the form of gloves, hats, boots, or stuff like that, I can get a set of equipment that augments luck and good fortune. With my beloved baby tiger, I might be able to continuously dodge the Calamity-grade bullets.

With this in mind, Zhou Wen felt an unbearable desire. He wished he could go to Deva Realm to farm some more Devas.

However, the trials in the in-game Netherworld City were too difficult. Without Li Xuan’s help, Zhou Wen could barely give the other punishments a try. The final millennium dream was just too difficult. Zhou Wen wasn’t confident.

Is there no other way to clear Netherworld City? Zhou Wen opened the Netherworld City dungeon and planned on studying it.

While Zhou Wen was studying Netherworld City, the various factions were analyzing the seventh shot.

In the past few days, no one had challenged the Venusian dimensional zone again. They were all thinking of solutions.

From the present situation, the dimension indeed didn’t have much control over the Cube’s operation. Otherwise, they would have definitely given the League of Guardians the green light in everything. The League of Guardians didn’t receive such preferential treatment based on the situation.

The various factions were also searching for the whereabouts of Looter King. They wanted to figure out who he was and if he could be used by them. If he couldn’t be used by them, it was best to eliminate him.

This ability to come and go freely in the Venusian dimensional zone was just too terrifying. If he could come and go to Venus, he could go anywhere on Earth.

With such a person around, many people couldn’t eat or sleep in peace.

Many commoners also discussed Looter King. Many media outlets had specially produced special videos of Looter King. They even tabulated and listed the numerous good items Looter King had picked up.

According to the statistics, Looter King had already picked up two Golden Battle God Companion Eggs and the skeleton’s bone. It was unknown if it was a Companion Egg or a dimensional crystal.

He had also picked up seven Mythical Companion Eggs, but there were even more dimensional crystals.

With this tabulation, many people’s eyes turned red with envy. In just a few days, the benefits obtained by Looter King had exceeded the savings of the Federation’s top experts.

Many people came forward to denounce Looter King, claiming that he was of reprovable character and that he shouldn’t have done such despicable things.

There were also experts who said that Looter King should donate the Companion Eggs he had obtained for the Federation’s research efforts. It would aid humans in conquering the Venusian dimensional zone.

This caused another huge debate on the Internet. Some people believed that Looter King should donate his spoils or at least cooperate with research.

Some people believed that they were things that Looter King had obtained with his own abilities. He had risked his life to obtain them. Why should he hand it over to the Federation?

When Zhou Wen occasionally paid attention to the Cube, he also saw these discussions. He had no intention of donating them at all.

It wasn’t entirely because he couldn’t bear to part with them. Another reason was that no one on Earth knew the Venusian dimensional zone better than him. Who could research it faster than him?

However, this matter gave Zhou Wen a wake-up call.

It’s indeed a little troublesome to grind the Deva Realm. Furthermore, there might not be a complete set of gloves, boots, and other equipment. Instead of going through so much trouble, why don’t I try to purchase Companion Beasts with luck and good fortune traits? Zhou Wen only had an idea, but he didn’t know how to go about doing it.

Furthermore, luck and good fortune were rare abilities. Even an Epic Lucky Baby Tiger could be sold for an astronomical price. Mythical and Terror-grade ones were even more priceless. Even if others had them, they might not be willing to exchange them for something else.

He couldn’t think of a good way to complete the trade for the time being. All he could do was continue seeking a way to clear Netherworld City. At the same time, he waited for the Venusian instance dungeon to refresh or for other creatures to rush into the Venusian dimensional zone. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

For two consecutive days, no creature entered the Venusian dimensional zone. Zhou Wen farmed the Venus instance dungeon twice. Each time, Grim Reaper No. 10 died at the seventh shot.

Even if the other Companion Beasts were to block the first few shots for it, Grim Reaper No. 10 would still die when it took the seventh shot.

Zhou Wen made another attempt. If he could stall for time and last out the seventh shot and let Grim Reaper No. 10 take the hit from the eighth shot, would something special happen?

With this attempt, Zhou Wen discovered a problem.

After outlasting the first seven bullets, the eighth bullet failed to kill Grim Reaper No. 10. Grim Reaper No. 10 died at the seventh shot during a new round of firing.

As for Deva Asura’s dodging ability, its effectiveness was variable. It wasn’t very reliable.

From the looks of it, only the seventh shot in every round is fatal to Grim Reaper No. 10. As long as I can hold out, Grim Reaper No. 10 can actually last a long time... Zhou Wen immediately saw hope of clearing the dungeon.

Although it hadn’t been verified, it was theoretically feasible. Now, Zhou Wen still had a problem to resolve.

Just holding out wasn’t enough. He had to rush in and find the dimensional creature inside. Only by finding it could he kill it. Otherwise, it would be useless no matter how long he held on.

Zhou Wen tried teleporting to the door that shot out the bullets, but he didn’t see the dimensional creature inside. The bullets shot out from the other doors and killed the blood-colored avatar.

After trying several methods, he still failed to find the dimensional creature.