Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1232: One Step Ahead

After a few days, another creature challenged the Venusian dimensional zone. However, no human had seen this creature before. It had never appeared around the Venusian dimensional zone when the latter was first born.

The creature looked like a huge turtle. Its shell was more than three meters in diameter and its body was crystalline like jade.

However, its head was like a dragon. It had horns and whiskers, but it couldn’t shrink back into its shell.

As no one knew where this dimensional creature came from, the attention on it increased. However, more people wanted to know if Looter King would come in to loot again.

Zhou Wen didn’t know what level the turtle was and didn’t dare rashly enter.

He wasn’t in a rush. It wouldn’t be too late to enter after the huge turtle killed the Golden Battle Gods. His life was still the most important thing.

After the huge turtle entered the Venusian dimensional zone, the Metal Guard launched an attack. However, when the bullets struck the huge turtle’s body, not only did they fail to injure it, the bullets even bounced back and penetrated the Metal Guard’s body.

Originally, these metal bullets couldn’t injure the Metal Guard, but from ricocheting from the huge turtle, the bullets seemed to be augmented with some strange power that killed the Metal Guard.

Numerous Metal Guards rushed out and swept at the huge turtle with their submachine guns. The bullets failed to injure the huge turtle at all. The ricocheting bullets killed all of them.

“What a powerful ricocheting ability!” Everyone was surprised.

Zhang Chunqiu and Zhang Yuzhi were watching the live broadcast together. Zhang Yuzhi’s gaze was fixed on the huge turtle as he frowned as though he was thinking about something.

“This turtle looks a little familiar,” Zhang Yuzhi said after watching for a while.

When Zhang Chunqiu heard that, he said, “In ancient times, there was a Dragon Turtle. Legend has it that it was the son of the Dragon God. It carried the Chart of the Yellow River and Writ of the Luo River and appeared in the world, illustrating the cosmos and gave clues for its ordering. It possesses infinite mystery.”

“That’s right. I was wondering why it looked so familiar. The Dragon Turtle looks very similar to the pictures in the library at home.” Zhang Yuzhi thought for a moment and said, “If this is really a Dragon Turtle, then it’s a creature from Earth?”

“Perhaps, perhaps not. Who knows?” Zhang Chunqiu said meaningfully.

The Golden Battle God appeared, but his bullet also ricocheted from the Dragon Turtle. A dimensional crystal dropped—a skill crystal.

Zhou Wen saw that the huge turtle didn’t seem to have any intention of taking the initiative to attack others or pick up the items on the ground. Without any hesitation, he teleported to Venus and headed for the dimensional zone, planning on picking up the items.

To his surprise, just as Zhou Wen teleported into the room, he realized that a figure had already picked up the Golden Battle God’s dimensional crystal on the ground.

On careful look, it was a person wearing Astral Armor. He looked familiar.

Zhou Wen thought for a moment and immediately recalled that this person had previously participated in the ranking battle of the Cube. He was one of the earlier batch of Guardians, and his strength back then was rather impressive.

However, he didn’t participate in the battle much. Zhou Wen hadn’t paid much attention to him either. He couldn’t even remember his name, but he remembered the person.

At that moment, the people watching the livestream saw that Looter King had been beaten to the chase by someone else. Some gloated, while others watched with relish. There were also people who looked forward to their fight.

“Sorry, you’re late.” The person put away the skill crystal and picked up the other crystals on the ground.

Zhou Wen wasn’t slow either. Seeing that the huge turtle had no intention of attacking them, he quickly snatched the dimensional crystals on the ground.

However, Zhou Wen was surprised to discover that the other party’s teleportation was faster than his. Every time he phased into existence after teleportation, the other party would have already snatched the dimensional crystal.

However, this way, Zhou Wen immediately discovered the other party’s identity.

It wasn’t that Zhou Wen’s judgment was strong, but that he had cultivated the other party’s Essence Energy Art before. The direction the other party cultivated was somewhat different from his. However, their foundations were the same, so it was very easy to tell.

Unless there’s a third person in the world who cultivates the Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping Art, this fellow is undoubtedly Eldest Senior Brother Liu Yun.

Zhou Wen sized up the person and thought to himself, This fellow seems more well-rounded despite us cultivating the same Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping Art.

Zhou Wen had always taken the path of a grand universe for the Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping Art. It allowed him to continuously teleport in a short period of time apart from a lack of accuracy.

Liu Yun’s interstellar teleportation ability was relatively weaker, but it was more accurate than Zhou Wen’s. It could also be used for short-distance teleportation.

Zhou Wen hadn’t developed the potential of the Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping Art in this aspect. Instead, he had replaced it with the ability of the Godfiend Era. One focused on short range, while the other focused on interstellar teleportation. They went to two extremes.

Furthermore, Zhou Wen learned too many things. He wasn’t as focused on the Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping Art as Liu Yun.

“I’m really sorry. From the looks of it, I’ve made you come here for nothing.” Liu Yun was extremely smug as he didn’t forget to tease Zhou Wen.

As Zhou Wen had used the Godfiend Era when he teleported, Liu Yun didn’t realize that Looter King was Zhou Wen. He was feeling smug that he had stolen Looter King’s limelight in front of all of humanity.

“You may live to snatch it, but you need to leave alive,” Zhou Wen deliberately changed his voice.

“You can scare others, but you can’t scare me, the Thief Sage.” Liu Yun first reported his name before continuing, “I’ve already observed and understood that as long as you don’t use the Cube to teleport over and don’t enter the Venusian dimensional zone through the main entrance, you can teleport out at any time, right?”

Zhou Wen was slightly taken aback. He wasn’t surprised that Liu Yun could guess the truth, but he was somewhat puzzled. He didn’t know why Liu Yun had said it in front of all the Earthlings. It looked like he had done it on purpose.

With Liu Yun’s greed, there was no reason for him not to secretly plunder the fortune and expose this secret.

“That’s if you can leave alive,” Zhou Wen repeated coldly as he held the Asura Saber in his hand. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“I’m so afraid!” Liu Yun patted his chest as though he was a fearful little child, but his eyes were filled with mockery.

Without a word, Zhou Wen slashed at Liu Yun. He didn’t really want to kill Liu Yun to snatch the dimensional crystal back, but he wanted to see how strong Liu Yun was.

Like him, Liu Yun was very good at movement techniques. Zhou Wen guessed that his movement technique wasn’t inferior to his.

However, to his surprise, Liu Yun didn’t dodge his saber. He placed one hand behind his back as though he was invincible.

At the instant the Asura Saber arrived in front of him, Zhou Wen saw Liu Yun’s right hand flash as his two fingers clamped onto the blade.

Not good! Zhou Wen knew that it was impossible for him to use his fingers to clamp down on the Asura Saber that was slashing down. Even a peak Terror expert who specialized in physical and finger strength couldn’t do it, much less Liu Yun.

Even though Liu Yun’s body wasn’t strong, he still had the Star Stealer skill.