Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1234: Greed

Clang!

The gunshot was deafening. It was somewhat different from the usual gunshots.

In the past, the bullets that flew out of the door destroyed everything with one shot. Even Grim Reaper No. 10 could only revive after being killed.

However, this time, the bullet that flew out of the door failed to penetrate the huge turtle’s body. A metal bullet struck the spot between the huge turtle’s eyebrows, but only appeared as though it had been embedded in a steel plate. The entire bullet didn’t penetrate its flesh. One could see that the end of the bullet was red metal, but it was impossible to see the complete appearance of the bullet.

“Holy sh*t, it actually failed to penetrate!” Everyone looked at the huge turtle in disbelief.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

One gunshot after another rang out as they struck different spots on the huge turtle’s body. Every bullet was embedded in its body, but they failed to penetrate its body or kill it.

The huge turtle wasn’t able to send the bullets ricocheting either. It only walked towards the door while taking the bullets head on.

“That turtle isn’t a Calamity-grade creature, right?”

“It looks very strong, but it doesn’t seem to have a Calamity Zone.”

“Perhaps it’s just not using it. Look at the creature behind the door. It isn’t using a domain either.”

Everyone discussed spiritedly as Zhou Wen wore a look of surprise. He was also watching this battle, and it was right outside the Venusian dimensional zone.

It was very difficult to see directly into the dimensional zone from the outside. Zhou Wen was somewhat envious that Liu Yun had obtained a mirror from somewhere that could project the scenes from inside the dimensional zone.

However, with this mirror, it saved him a lot of trouble. Zhou Wen didn’t need to return to Earth to use the Cube to watch the battle inside.

“This Dragon Turtle’s carapace is so hard. It has already blocked six consecutive shots. I wonder if it can block the seventh shot?” Liu Yun said in surprise as he looked at the projection in the mirror.

“From the looks of it, that turtle should be at the Calamity grade. Furthermore, it’s a defensive one. However, it’s still hard to tell if it can withstand the seventh shot. This is the shield and spear paradox. It depends on who’s stronger.” Although Zhou Wen said that, he was thinking of another problem.

This turtle was most likely a Calamity-grade creature. If it was killed inside, it was unknown if a Companion Egg or dimensional fruit would drop.

If something dropped, it would be too tempting.

Zhou Wen had never touched a Calamity-grade Companion Egg before.

Although Truth Listener could barely enter the Calamity grade, the price it had to pay was too great. Zhou Wen didn’t want to do things to repeat itself, considering how he needed Wang Mingyuan’s help to get Truth Listener under control again.

The Venusian instance dungeon was clearly different from the dungeons on Earth. Any creature that entered the dungeon could drop a Companion Egg. The huge turtle was probably no exception.

However, even if a Companion Egg dropped, it was still a question whether he dared to take it.

If he entered without any cover, he might suffer a head shot.

Many powerful creatures on Earth were also watching the seventh shot.

“What a pity.” In a cave on Chess Mountain, a chained woman was watching the live broadcast. She looked at the huge turtle with a look of pity and muttered to herself, “Such a rare creature has to die not long after being born. If it had time to continue growing, I’m afraid the Venusian dimensional zone wouldn’t be able to stop it.”

Under the attention of everyone, the fatal seventh shot finally sounded. This shot that could even kill Grim Reaper No. 10 struck the huge turtle’s neck with a bang.

This shot wasn’t aimed at its head. When the bullet struck the huge turtle’s neck, it was as though it had hit a steel plate, producing a plethora of sparks.

However, in the midst of the sparks and flashes, the bullet slammed into the huge turtle’s body and drilled into its shell. In the next instant, it drilled out from behind its body with sparks. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Bam!

The huge turtle’s body fell to the ground as turtle blood immediately gushed out from the two gun wounds like spring water.

“Even a Calamity-grade can’t block that shot!” Everyone was alarmed as a chill arose in their hearts.

Zhou Wen and Liu Yun exchanged looks and saw the greed in each other’s eyes. They had thought of the same thing.

Although the huge turtle looked like it was about to die, it wasn’t completely dead. It still had a breath of life left. To be able to withstand a terrifying Calamity-grade attack without being directly killed, the huge turtle’s identity as a Calamity-grade could basically be confirmed.

If a Companion Egg really dropped, they were considering taking the risk to snatch it.

The huge turtle struggled to get up, but after struggling a few times, it fell to the ground again. More and more turtle blood flowed out. It was unlikely to live. Death was only a matter of time.

The creature behind the door seemed to know that huge turtle wouldn’t survive, so it didn’t continue shooting. This left Zhou Wen alarmed.

In-game, the creature would continue shooting until the enemy was completely dead.

However, in reality, the other party would stop firing. This action appeared very intelligent. The huge turtle was doomed, so there was no need for him to fire another shot.

If he fired another shot, it would expose the fact that only his seventh shot was fatal, making it easier for others to deal with him.

After all, he’s a creature in real life. It’s understandable that he has high intelligence. He’s not as inflexible as in-game, but this makes it even more difficult to kill him. Furthermore, the method I previously thought of might not work against him. Zhou Wen was somewhat depressed.

In-game, this creature first fought the creature with the highest level. Therefore, as long as there was a Terror-grade present, it wouldn’t target a human with a Mythical body like Zhou Wen.

However, in reality, the other party had high intelligence. He would definitely be able to tell his importance. When the time came, he would be doomed if he was first targeted.

As Zhou Wen was thinking, the turtle struggled to crawl towards the door, leaving a long trail of blood on the ground. The blood in its body was almost drained.

There was still some distance from the door. The huge turtle looked like it was on its last breath and couldn’t crawl further.

Suddenly, the huge turtle that looked like it could no longer move raised its head as though it experienced a spurt of strength in its final moments of life, giving everyone watching a fright.

In the next second, the huge turtle’s actions gave everyone a shock. It opened its dragon mouth and spat out something. After the thing spewed out, all of the huge turtle’s essence, vitality, and spirit dissipated. Its final breath was taken as it collapsed to the ground.

Most people’s eyes were attracted by the thing that the huge turtle spewed out. It was a round jade ball the size of a soccer ball. The jade ball was milky-white and translucent. There seemed to be clouds flowing and churning inside. It looked magical.

That thing... Don’t tell me it’s a Companion Egg... Zhou Wen and Liu Yun exchanged looks. Almost at the same time, the two of them teleported into the dimensional zone.

A Calamity-grade Companion Egg was something that could drive anyone crazy.