Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1261: Time Hut

Translator: CKtalon

At the instant he entered the wooden hut, Zhou Wen felt a strange force descend on him. The blood-colored avatar’s body was rapidly aging.

The time flow in the Time Hut wasn’t fixed. As Zhou Wen entered, he realized that the time flow in the hut was rather fast. His body had aged significantly.

Without any hesitation, he rushed towards the wooden door at the back of the wooden hut.

From the outside, the Time Hut was only a wooden hut, but in fact, there were many rooms inside. After passing through the wooden door, there was a corridor behind it. Behind the corridor was a row of four wooden doors. The last door might contain the Spacetime Piglet.

In reality, the Spacetime Piglet would occasionally, but not necessarily, appear.. Zhou Wen had to test if it existed every time in-game.

After rushing through the wooden door, he saw a corridor. However, the flow of time inside was even faster than inside the wooden hut. Zhou Wen switched to the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder, but he failed to stop the blood-colored avatar from aging.

Before he reached the last wooden door, the blood-colored avatar had already aged and died.

It doesn’t seem like I can use instant transmission in the Time Hut. It’s not a restriction of the rules, but spatial chaos. I wonder where I’ll be teleported to if I use spatial teleportation.?Zhou Wen dripped his blood to revive again and entered the Time Hut dungeon.

Thankfully, the Time Hut dungeon didn’t have a 24-hour restriction. Zhou Wen couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief.

After entering again, the time flow in the wooden hut slowed down significantly, giving Zhou Wen plenty of time to enter the corridor. The time flow in the corridor wasn’t fast either.

Zhou Wen wasn’t happy because of this. If he only wanted to farm for the Spacetime Piglet’s skill, he could return now.

However, now that he wanted to save Lucas in reality, the time flow in the Time Hut was so irregular. He could still try his luck in-game. Did he have to try his luck in reality?

If he was unlucky and time flowed too quickly, he would probably die inside.

There were four wooden doors in the corridor. Each wooden door had a wind chime hanging on it. There were words written on each wind chime.

“Past, Present, Future, and Chaos.” Zhou Wen didn’t hesitate when he saw that the words were the same as what was said on the Internet. He pushed open the last wooden door with the word “Chaos.”

The space inside the wooden door was chaotic. Even if the door was open, he couldn’t see what was inside. Even Truth Listener and Great Brahma’s powers couldn’t peek inside. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Zhou Wen had no choice but to walk in. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to use his Companion Beasts to explore, but in a place like the Time Hut, every wooden door was equivalent to an independent space. If he sent his Companion Beast in, the Companion Beast would lose contact with him. Therefore, he wouldn’t know what had happened inside, so it wouldn’t be of any use as a scout.

After stepping into the Chaos Hut, a wooden hut appeared in front of Zhou Wen. The wooden table, wooden chair, wooden table, and wooden horse were identical to the previous hut.

In the hut, there was a little piglet carved from wood. It wasn’t big, only the size of a baby piglet. It looked chubby and adorable.

Spacetime Piglet!?Before Zhou Wen could rejoice, his body suddenly aged and died. The game screen turned black.

The flow of time in the Chaos Hut is just too fast. Just me taking a few breaths was enough for at least a century or two to pass. If I were to go in real life, I wouldn’t have the chance to escape if I entered a room with an extremely fast flow of time.?Zhou Wen’s expression turned heavy.

He knew that he had to think of a way to turn luck into something he could control. Otherwise, entering was equivalent to risking his life akin to buying a lottery ticket.

However, even the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder can’t stop the flow of time. I’m not good at temporal powers. How can I avoid being affected by the flow of time?

?Zhou Wen couldn’t think of a good solution.

He entered the Time Hut again. This time, his luck wasn’t good. The moment he entered, he felt the blood-colored avatar rapidly age. By the time he pushed open the door and entered the corridor, the blood-colored avatar was already on the brink of death.

Zhou Wen frowned slightly and summoned the Chaos Egg. It was an egg-shaped ball that enveloped the blood-colored avatar.

The Chaos Egg was still at the Mythical stage, and it was purely a defensive ability. Even if it could be effective, Zhou Wen couldn’t move while inside the Chaos Egg. It was useless.

Therefore, Zhou Wen hadn’t originally planned on using it, but after trying all sorts of powers, he realized that it was difficult to stop the flow of time from changing. All he could do was give it a try.

This attempt succeeded. Inside the Chaos Egg, the blood-colored avatar didn’t continue aging. The Chaos Egg managed to completely block the flow of time outside at the Mythical stage.

It’s really possible, but I can’t move after using the Chaos Egg. I can only stay inside. It’s useless even if I’m not affected.?Zhou Wen thought for a moment and felt that this was an opportunity.

He planned on trying to advance the First Order of Chaos to the Terror grade. Perhaps when the time came, he would only be able to move while hiding inside the Chaos Egg.

This was rather difficult. After being trapped for a hundred years, the First Order of Chaos was the Essence Energy Art that Zhou Wen had spent the shortest time on. Otherwise, it would have reached its Terror transformation by now.

The difficulty of the First Order of Chaos was in no way inferior to the Dao Sutra. Furthermore, there was something about it that left him very displeased. This Essence Energy Art didn’t have any offensive capabilities. The concept of the Essence Energy Art itself determined that it was an extremely passive power.

Although Zhou Wen wasn’t a very proactive person, he couldn’t stand such extreme passive concepts.

From a portion of the concepts Zhou Wen had comprehended, if he were to compare the First Order of Chaos to a person, he would be the type of person who wouldn’t be angry from being slapped on the left cheek, but would even smile and offer the right.

This concept didn’t suit Zhou Wen’s personality, so even if he wanted to learn it, his comprehension would be very slow. He didn’t even want to cultivate it.

I still have to clear this obstacle in the end.?Zhou Wen felt that this wasn’t a bad opportunity. Since he had to master it sooner or later, he might as well take this opportunity to see if he could turn it into a Terror form.

The Time Hut’s flow of time was helpful in gaining insight into the First Order of Chaos.

During the high-speed flow of time, Zhou Wen constantly engraved and gained insights into the First Order of Chaos, but his gains weren’t as great as he imagined. This Essence Energy Art indeed didn’t suit him. If not for the Lost Immortal Sutra’s effects, Zhou Wen probably wouldn’t even have gained basic mastery.

Without any progress, Zhou Wen had no choice but to retreat from the Chaos Egg. After being killed by the Time Hut, he dripped his blood into the game again. He planned on farming for the Spacetime Piglet’s skill first or exploring all four rooms to see if he could use the Demon God Body to transform into a temporal dimensional creature before learning the Spacetime Bandit’s skill crystal.

If it was a temporal skill, he might be able to enter the Time Hut freely without the Chaos Egg advancing to Terror transformation stage.

After trying three or four times, he finally entered the Chaos Hut alive. Indeed, the Spacetime Piglet was there, slumped on the ground.