Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1263: Chaos Egg that Likes to Suffer

Translator: CKtalon

Strange, from the information on the Internet, no one has been able to come out of the Present Hut alive. This should be the most terrifying one among the four huts, but from the looks of it, it’s nothing. There’s no danger at all.?Zhou Wen circled the wooden hut a few times and didn’t discover any danger.

Unable to find anything, Zhou Wen waited for a while, but there was still nothing. All he could do was walk out of the hut.

However, the moment he walked out, the phone screen went black, indicating that the blood-colored avatar had died.

Could it be that the Present Hut is a hut that can’t be walked out of? I’ll die if I walk out??Zhou Wen immediately realized what had happened. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Zhou Wen’s heart was heavy. It wasn’t because he had died so many times, but on careful thought, the possibility of Lucas being alive was very low.

.

Lucas was only at the Epic stage when he entered. Even if he was lucky, it was almost impossible for him to survive if he entered the Past and Future Huts.

The Present Hut was even more dangerous—just exiting meant death. It was very unlikely that he would survive in the hut if he had chosen it.

The only chance of survival was probably to enter the Chaos Hut. However, if he encountered Spacetime Piglet, he would still die. After all, it was very difficult for an Epic to defeat a Mythical.

After some thought, Zhou Wen felt that the chances of Lucas surviving were too low.

“Lucas, Lucas, why did you come to such a place? Did you have nothing better to do? Isn’t it good to get married and have children?” Although Zhou Wen said that, he could understand. It was very difficult for a person like Lucas to live his life in peace.

Among the four huts, Zhou Wen was most interested in the Future Hut. He wanted to figure out what was going on with the darkness.

As for the Past Hut, Zhou Wen’s present strength wasn’t enough to fight a Calamity-grade. It was useless even if he entered.

It was also useless entering the Present Hut. There were no dimensional creatures inside and he would die the moment he came out. It was of no value.

He entered the game again, and this time, Zhou Wen entered the Future Hut. It was still dark, but this time, he didn’t immediately illuminate his surroundings. Instead, he wanted to use his perception to sense what was around him.

The outcome was the same. Before he could sense anything, the game’s screen truly went black.

Strange, it doesn’t seem like I was attacked. How did I die? Is it the nomological forces??Zhou Wen entered again and activated the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder.

In the darkness, the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder immediately burned like a torch, instantly turning to ashes. At the same time, Zhou Wen was killed.

What’s going on??Zhou Wen was alarmed.

Without a doubt, the effects of the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder proved that the power in the darkness was indeed a nomological force, but it instantly reduced the Heaven-Opening Scripture to ashes. The strength of the nomological force was unimaginable.

After entering again, Zhou Wen used the dual powers of the Chaos Egg and the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder.

Something surprised Zhou Wen. Although the Chaos Egg was suppressed by some strange force in the darkness, it wasn’t as intense as the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder. It wasn’t reduced to ashes immediately. It lasted for more than ten minutes before it cracked and was corroded by the darkness.

The Chaos Egg’s strength is clearly much weaker than the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder. It’s not even at the Terror grade, so why can it last much longer??Zhou Wen entered the Future Hut again and again with the question in mind.

After countless deaths, Zhou Wen gradually understood something.

The Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder was an active power. It tried to control the nomological forces. Therefore, when it entered the Future Hut, it would directly resist them. Either one of them would die, and there was no other way.

Therefore, the disadvantaged Heaven-Opening Scripture was instantly wiped out.

However, the Chaos Egg was different. It didn’t resist any nomological forces. It was only passively enduring them. It was self-sufficient and was happy to be in its snug little world.

Therefore, its existence didn’t trigger a strong counterattack from the nomological force. Furthermore, the nomological force it was affected by was actually very small. However, because the nomological force was just too powerful, even a tiny bit was something the Chaos Egg couldn’t withstand. In the end, it was destroyed.

However, in the process of the Chaos Egg being destroyed time and time again, Zhou Wen surprisingly discovered that it was growing.

The First Order of Chaos is really odd. Why can’t it be trained properly? Must it be beaten up to improve??This discovery surprised and delighted Zhou Wen. He was originally vexed over how to advance a Chaos Egg. He never expected there to be some progress.

Zhou Wen entered the Future Hut again and again, causing the Chaos Egg to be destroyed again and again. At the same time, Zhou Wen felt the changes in the Chaos Egg.

This First Order of Chaos seems to make sense. Although not fighting back is wrong, not fighting back has its benefits.?Zhou Wen gradually discovered the profundity of the First Order of Chaos.

Zhou Wen had previously described the First Order of Chaos as something that chose to be beaten without retaliating, but as Zhou Wen’s understanding of it deepened, he realized that the analogy wasn’t appropriate.

To humans, being beaten was suffering a loss.

However, to the world, collisions represented the transmission of energy. The birth of any life was inseparable from energy.

Instead of calling it a beating, it was better to say that the Chaos Egg was absorbing the energy transmitted to it from the outside world. Regardless of whether the energy was mild or violent, as long as it was energy, the Chaos Egg wouldn’t reject it.

It used the energy from the outside world to build its own snug little world. Instead of calling it a goody-two-shoes who didn’t fight back when beaten, it was better to call it a miser who only allowed income and not expenditure.

The energy—no matter the kind of energy absorbed—could forget about escaping. The Chaos Egg was an energy container that only allowed entry and not exit.

As his comprehension deepened, the Chaos Egg gradually changed.

In the past, Zhou Wen hadn’t liked this Essence Energy Art and hadn’t been able to comprehend its true meaning. Now, Zhou Wen finally understood it. The First Order of Chaos also advanced rapidly in a short period of time.

Zhou Wen engraved the Chaos Egg on the Wheel of Destiny again and again. The appearance of the Chaos Egg didn’t change, but its interior had undergone a tremendous change.

Perhaps Da Vinci hadn’t drawn an egg back then, but the concept of drawing an egg wasn’t wrong. Many times, when one looked at something from different angles, they would discover a different principle.

Something that seemed to be a loss might translate to immense benefits on another level.

The moment Zhou Wen understood that suffering losses was a blessing, the Chaos Egg underwent a qualitative change and finally advanced to the Terror grade.

Zhou Wen watched as the Chaos Egg advanced, but its appearance didn’t change—it was still a ball.