Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1264: Chaos Egg Terror Transformation

Terror Form: Chaos Egg (S-grade)

With its name remaining the same, it didn’t look like it had changed much, but Zhou Wen knew very well that the Chaos Egg was completely different from before.

If the past Chaos Egg was only a firm shell, the present Chaos Egg was a huge energy absorption converter.

Any power that acted on the Chaos Egg would be absorbed and converted by it.

According to Zhou Wen’s understanding, the Chaos Egg was divided into three levels. When the amount of energy absorbed was low, it would directly convert into Essence Energy and store it inside the Chaos Egg.

If the power used on the Chaos Egg was too potent, the energy converted by the Chaos Egg would further condense into liquid Essence Energy.

If the power was even greater, the converted Essence Energy would condense further and directly transform into a solid body.

If the entire Chaos Egg was filled with solid Essence Energy, Zhou Wen didn’t know what the outcome would be. It would probably explode.

Zhou Wen hadn’t attempted it because the nomological energy in the Future Hut wasn’t enough to fill the Chaos Egg with solid Essence Energy.

It had only just reached the liquid state. Furthermore, it required a few minutes to produce a drop of liquid Essence Energy. Only a Chaos Egg full of liquid Essence Energy could condense into a solid Essence Energy particle.

Although the Chaos Egg didn’t have any offensive strength, it couldn’t attack any creature beyond it. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

However, the Terror-form Chaos Egg finally gave him the ability to move and spy on the outside. It was no longer a pure sitting duck. At the very least, it could run now.

The sphere constantly moved in the darkness, but no matter where it moved, one could sense nothing.

What kind of place is this??Zhou Wen spent a long time exploring the Future Hut but found nothing. It left him depressed.

After entering the Future Hut, there was no way to return alive. Zhou Wen could only let the blood-colored avatar leave the Chaos Egg before dying.

It’s really strange. If it’s a maze, there has to be a path, but the darkness is infinite. What’s the meaning of its existence??Zhou Wen thought for a while but failed to figure it out.

He entered the Time Hut dungeon again. This time, Zhou Wen protected his body with the Chaos Egg. The flow of time no longer affected Zhou Wen inside the Chaos Egg; instead, it produced Essence Energy that filled the Chaos Egg.

Zhou Wen suspected that even if his Essence Energy attribute hadn’t reached 81 points, cultivating in such thick Essence Energy would automatically break through to 81 points.

With the Chaos Egg, Zhou Wen had the capital to stay alive in the Time Hut. Even if time flowed very quickly, it didn’t affect Zhou Wen.

As long as he didn’t enter the Future, Present, and Past Huts, the Time Hut wasn’t too difficult for him.

It hadn’t been twenty-four hours, so the Spacetime Piglet hadn’t respawned. Zhou Wen entered the hut again and attempted to use the Chaos Egg to protect himself. He wanted to see if he could leave the hut.

This time, the blood-colored avatar successfully walked out of the hut alive without dying.

Although being able to enter and exit the hut didn’t help Zhou Wen with his farming of dimensional creatures, he was very happy.

If Lucas was in the Present Hut, he could enter to take a look.

Zhou Wen attempted to enter the Past Hut again. He was originally prepared to fight the Calamity-grade creature, but to his surprise, he didn’t see the creature after entering.

He was now deep in a river. Although there was little light here, Zhou Wen could still see his surroundings with his eyesight.

He sized up his surroundings and was suddenly alarmed to discover a huge skeleton on the sandy bottom of the river not far away. The bone marrow looked like a mammal’s. It had a spine and ribs, but it also had a bone-like object that resembled a fin.

The entire skeleton was the size of a corvette. He did not know what type of creature it was. It had horns on its head, but no bones of the expected four limbs could be seen.

All the bones were crystalline like jade and they emitted a terrifying pressure. Even Zhou Wen felt his heart palpitate. It was difficult to imagine how terrifying it would have been when it was alive.

Just as Zhou Wen was wondering what creature the skeleton was, he suddenly felt the surrounding river water flow in reverse. Furthermore, it was terrifyingly fast, causing Zhou Wen’s body to involuntarily flow backward with the river.

It was as though a terrifying force was attracting the river to flow backward. Even the terrifying monster’s bones were being sucked along as the river flowed in reverse. It was unimaginably fast.

Zhou Wen hurriedly used teleportation to rush out of the water and appear in midair.

Floating in midair, Zhou Wen looked around warily. When he saw everything in front of him, his mouth couldn’t help but widen. He didn’t close it for a while.

A huge river surged without any end in sight. It seemed to connect to the left and right horizon, far beyond what the eyes could see.

However, there was a giant who was buried in the river, guzzling the water non-stop.

Every time he drank a mouthful, the water level of the river would drop dozens of feet. In a few mouthfuls, the tiny tributary of the river had already dried up. After drinking a few more mouthfuls, the main river’s main channel also stopped flowing.

Zhou Wen had felt the river flow in reverse because the giant was drinking water.

Under Zhou Wen’s dumbfounded gaze, the giant sucked the river dry and ran towards the sun with his head held high.

When his huge foot landed, the ground trembled and mountains collapsed. The dust and air waves that stirred up were akin to an atomic bomb’s explosion.

Zhou Wen’s body couldn’t withstand the blast. Under the Chaos Egg’s protection, he was still sent flying. After tumbling for several kilometers, Zhou Wen controlled the Chaos Egg to stop and float in midair.

Before he could figure out his direction, he suddenly heard a buzz that sounded like a dragon’s tendon vibrating. Then, he saw a stream of light flash as the Chaos Egg was penetrated.

The last thing Zhou Wen saw was the Chaos Egg clamping onto an arrow and flying into the sky like a meteor. Then, the phone screen went black again.

Past Hut… Could it be that I’d really returned to the past??Zhou Wen thought of an extremely terrifying possibility.

This was because the scene he had just seen was too familiar. The giant, the river that had been drained—everything was too similar to the myths Zhou Wen had heard from his grandfather.

They are only myths after all. Even if the Past Hut can really return to the past, it shouldn’t be depicting those myths… Unless the myths aren’t just myths… But is it possible… that there was a mythological era in the past??Zhou Wen’s expression changed as he felt terrible.

If the Past Hut is capable of returning to the past, what is the Future Hut’s dark world? Is the future world like that??Zhou Wen found it unbelievable.