Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1265: Spacetime Mugging

Translator: CKtalon

The more Zhou Wen thought about it, the more he felt a chill run down his spine. If Earth were to be reduced to a pitch-black void in the future, what terrifying battle would have happened to turn Earth into such a state?

It can’t be a real scene from the future, right? If the Time Hut can really see the future, wouldn’t everyone be able to predict the future? Zhou Wen felt that he couldn’t count on it.

Regardless, Zhou Wen could now enter the Chaos Hut and Present Hut without any danger. He could only enter but not exit the Future Hut and the Past Hut for the time being.

Zhou Wen decided to enter the Chaos Hut and Present Hut to see if he could find Lucas.

I hope Lucas is still alive.?Zhou Wen walked towards the Time Hut and pushed open the wooden door to enter.

Before entering, Zhou Wen had already used the Chaos Egg. If he used it after entering, he would probably die before he could use the Chaos Egg if he had terrible luck and encountered a time flow that took an instant for a millennium to pass.

.

The Time Hut in reality was the same as in the game. The wooden table, wooden chairs, wooden bed, and wooden horse looked like a child’s room.

Zhou Wen didn’t stay for long as the Chaos Egg slammed open the subsequent wooden door and allowed him passage to the Time Corridor. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

When he arrived at the Time Corridor, the Chaos Egg immediately formed some liquid Essence Energy. Based on Zhou Wen’s experience, the flow of time in such a situation would probably have decades pass in a second. If not for the Chaos Egg’s protection, he would probably die of old age in just a few steps.

Indeed, I can’t count on luck.?Zhou Wen controlled the Chaos Egg to float towards the Chaos Hut.

As no one had come for a long time, after Zhou Wen entered the hut, not only was there a Spacetime Piglet, but there was also a cloth doll.

The doll was wearing a beautiful princess gown and had long golden hair. It looked beautiful.

Zhou Wen had never seen the doll before, nor had he seen any information about her on the Internet. He didn’t dare rashly come out of the Chaos Egg.

When Spacetime Piglet and the doll saw a huge ball slam into the hut, they immediately moved.

The light in the Spacetime Piglet’s eyes shot out like a spotlight and shone on the Chaos Egg. The Essence Energy in the Chaos Egg immediately increased significantly, condensing a drop of liquid Essence Energy.

After all, it was only at the Mythical stage. Even if it attacked with all its might, it wouldn’t be of much use against the Chaos Egg.

The doll also launched an attack. She held a wand in her hand and raised it above her head as her body spun a few circles with the wand.

The princess dress fluttered due to the spinning, but that wasn’t the main point. As the doll spun, a large amount of liquid Essence Energy was produced in the Chaos Egg. In a moment, it filled half the Chaos Egg.

A temporal Terror creature??Zhou Wen was delighted.

Previously, the Spacetime Bandit skill crystal required dual temporal and spatial Terror transformation. Zhou Wen was just wondering where he could find a temporal Terror creature. This cloth doll was very likely one.

In the past, before he had the Chaos Egg, the only thing Zhou Wen would have been able to do was first capture the cloth doll alive and completely subdue it over time before he used the Demon God Body to scan her body and transform into her.

Now that he had the Chaos Egg, there was no need to go through so much trouble. Although he couldn’t use offensive powers in the Chaos Egg, it didn’t stop Zhou Wen from observing it.

After carving the Demon God Bloodline Catalog on the Wheel of Destiny, Zhou Wen’s body underwent a strange change. His eyes turned extremely demonic as they suffused a strange glow.

Zhou Wen focused his gaze on the cloth doll as his body gradually began to change.

The cloth doll and Spacetime Piglet kept attacking the Chaos Egg. Unfortunately, other than adding some Essence Energy liquid to the Chaos Egg, the attacks were futile.

Zhou Wen wasn’t injured in the Chaos Egg at all, and the Demon God Body wasn’t interrupted.

However, there was too much data needed to be scanned to become a Terror-grade creature. The Demon God Eyes constantly scanned it. After a while, Zhou Wen’s body gradually transformed into the doll.

It took him half an hour to fully transform.

Indeed, it’s temporal.?

Even without looking at the information, Zhou Wen knew the details of the doll from the data he had obtained from the scan. He was immediately overjoyed as he engraved the Godfiend Era, allowing Clown Mask to appear on his face.

Now, I have both Time and Space. I hope I can absorb the Spacetime Bandit skill crystal.?Zhou Wen took out the Spacetime Bandit crystal and attempted to absorb it.

The Spacetime Bandit crystal was easily absorbed by Zhou Wen. It transformed into an endless stream of energy that was injected into Zhou Wen’s body. Furthermore, a new Essence Energy circulation path was opened up in his body.

It’s done!?Zhou Wen felt the skill crystal’s information constantly surge into his brain as the pleasant surprise on his face intensified.

After the skill crystal was completely absorbed, Zhou Wen eagerly switched on his phone to look at his skill information.

Although he had already grasped the skill information of Spacetime Bandit, Zhou Wen still habitually read the text.

Spacetime Bandit (Terror-grade): Slaughtering that can travel through spacetime.

The information was very simple, but Zhou Wen, who had obtained the information regarding Spacetime Bandit, knew very well that the simple description represented really terrifying meanings.

Spacetime Bandit was an extremely strange spatio-temporal skill. It could delay a person’s actions by 0 to 3 seconds.

This delay didn’t mean that one’s actions would slow down. Instead, they would complete their actions 0 to 3 seconds in advance and use the completed attack to attack the present.

It was a little troublesome to describe. To put it simply, it was like having an avatar. This avatar was the past you from a second or two ago.

At this moment, one could complete the skill, but this skill would be delivered only a second or two later. By then, the real person would have long fled.

Only the attack would injure the opponent, but the opponent’s attack couldn’t touch one because they weren’t there.

In practice, the variations were much more complicated than this. There were also more possibilities. Zhou Wen was momentarily unable to fully express his understanding.

However, he knew very well that this was a very useful skill. If used well, it could be said to be a divine skill.

Spacetime Bandit should have other spatio-temporal skills. Unfortunately, I only encountered one. If more skills had been dropped, I might be able to kill people like a Spacetime Bandit—completely catching people off guard.?Zhou Wen felt regretful.

However, Zhou Wen was already very satisfied.

He attempted to use the Spacetime Bandit skill before using Transcendent Flying Immortal.

Transcendent Flying Immortal didn’t immediately take effect and Zhou Wen left his previous spot.

In less than a second, the spot—where Zhou Wen had been—erupted with Transcendent Flying Immortal’s streams of light that slashed in the direction of the Spacetime Piglet.

Spacetime Piglet used a spatial extension skill, but unfortunately, it was only at the Mythical stage. It failed to escape Transcendent Flying Immortal’s strike and was killed on the spot.