Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1266: Candy Box

Ding!

A dimensional crystal dropped. It was a wooden crystal with the appearance of the Spacetime Piglet carved on it.

Spacetime Piglet’s skill crystal. Could it be spatial extension??Zhou Wen was delighted.

However, Zhou Wen couldn’t pick up the skill crystal while inside the Chaos Egg.

Spacetime Bandit resolved the problem of Zhou Wen being unable to attack while inside the Chaos Egg. As long as he used the characteristics of delayed attacks, he didn’t have to worry about the attacks hitting the Chaos Egg and not being able to leave.

Zhou Wen continued attacking the doll. After transforming into the doll, he had a good understanding of her various skills. He gained a huge advantage in battle.

Furthermore, with the Chaos Egg protecting him, Zhou Wen was in an invincible position.

Using Spacetime Bandit’s ability, he constantly delayed his attacks. As Zhou Wen still wasn’t very proficient, the delay was very short at the beginning. The delay seldom exceeded a second.

With increased proficiency, he could only produce a delay of two to three seconds at maximum. There was no way to continue delaying unless he had the skill to break through to the Terror grade.

However, it wasn’t that the longer the delay, the better. The longer the delay, the higher the requirement on one’s judgment. After all, the other party wasn’t dead—they could move. The longer the delay, the harder it was to hit the opponent.

Of course, if one could predict the opponent’s trajectory, they could attack the opponent’s future position in advance. When the delay time was up, the opponent would be right in that area, making for a spectacular show.

Zhou Wen had just begun using this skill, so it wasn’t at that level. He only tried his best to reduce the delay to increase the accuracy of his attacks.

Finally, the cloth doll was sliced into two by the Asura Saber. With a clang, something dropped from the cloth doll’s ruptured body.

Zhou Wen originally imagined that even if it wasn’t a Companion Egg, it should be a crystal or something, but on careful look, he was somewhat puzzled when he saw what it was.

What fell out was a rather unique-looking box. It was made of wood and had exquisite patterns engraved on it. It was accompanied by a small and cute bronze lock.

There were a few words engraved on the front of the box.

Sweetie’s candy box??Zhou Wen made the Chaos Egg vanish for an instant and sucked the Spacetime Piglet’s dimensional crystal and the tiny box over. Then, he activated the Chaos Egg again and silently read the words on the box. It felt extremely odd.

He reached out to touch the bronze lock, but it wasn’t locked. It opened the moment he touched it. Zhou Wen removed the bronze lock and opened the small box. Inside the small box was a candy.

The candy was wrapped in pink plastic wrapping paper with the words “Lemon Candy” printed on it.

Zhou Wen took out the candy and gave it a closer look. No matter how he looked at it, it was packaging produced by a factory. The words were printed mechanically. No matter how he looked at it, it looked like it was artificially produced and not something a dimensional creature should have.

As for the small box, it looked like a man-made product. It wasn’t a dimensional item.

Strange, why would a dimensional creature have these human things??Zhou Wen looked at the candy box again and realized that there was a note at the bottom of the box.

Zhou Wen saw at a glance that there was a line of crooked words written on the paper. It looked like it had been written by a child who had just learned how to write.

“Sweetie hates lemon candy the most.” Zhou Wen looked at the words and thought to himself,?Could it be that someone brought these things in and was killed by the doll before having them snatched away? But that’s not right. The Time Hut’s name is Sweetie’s Hut. Could it be that Sweetie is a human and the Time Hut is hers? The Spacetime Piglet and the doll are her toys…

Zhou Wen felt that his idea was ridiculous. How could a human treat a Terror creature as a toy?

If Sweetie isn’t a human, what could she be? A creature from the dimension? Or a powerful creature born on Earth? But from her words, she doesn’t seem to be such a powerful creature. She’s clearly a child…?Many thoughts flashed through Zhou Wen’s mind. No matter how he thought about it, he felt that something was amiss. All he could do was put this matter aside. It was more important to find Lucas.

He placed the lemon candy back into the candy box and wanted to store it in the Chaos Bead, but to his surprise, he couldn’t place the lemon candy in the Chaos Bead.

How did this happen??Zhou Wen tried a few more times and realized that every time he wanted to put it in, there seemed to be a strange force repelling the candy box, preventing it from entering the Chaos Bead.

Zhou Wen’s heart stirred as he took out the lemon candy and tried putting it into the Chaos Bead. This time, he succeeded.

Is this candy box actually a spatial item??Zhou Wen was alarmed as he hurriedly took out some items to see if he could put them inside.

To Zhou Wen’s surprise, the items couldn’t be placed inside. The space in the candy box didn’t expand either. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

It’s not a spatial item? Then why can’t it be placed inside the Chaos Bead??Zhou Wen frowned in thought. Suddenly, he thought of something and took out some chocolate candy from the Chaos Bead. The candy was for Ya’er. He had made a huge one-time purchase and occasionally took some out for her to eat.

Zhou Wen tried putting the chocolate candy into the candy box. In the next second, Zhou Wen was at a loss whether to laugh or cry.

The large pieces of chocolate were easily placed in the candy box that was much smaller than the chocolate.

Zhou Wen took out a pile of various candies and tried putting them in. He succeeded in placing a large pile of candy into the candy box. Once the candy approached the box, they automatically shrank and didn’t occupy any space inside.

Who’s so bored as to make such a spatial item that specializes in storing candy? They went through so much just to store candy. Isn’t that too extravagant??Zhou Wen was at a loss for words.

It was clearly a rare spatial item with quite a large capacity, but it could only be used to store candy. It was useless to Zhou Wen.

It’s fine, I guess. I’ll give it to Ya’er. This thing is very small. It’s not bad to use it to store candy for Ya’er. She doesn’t have to ask me for candy whenever she wants to eat some.?Zhou Wen placed the candy inside and thought for a moment before taking out the lemon candy.

He did not know if there was anything wrong with this piece of lemon candy. He had to be wary. It was best not to eat it randomly.

He didn’t immediately give the candy box to Ya’er. Zhou Wen wanted to wait a little longer. It wouldn’t be too late to give it to Ya’er if the candy in the candy box remained fine.

After packing up, Zhou Wen left the Chaos Hut and walked towards the Present Hut.

Since Lucas wasn’t in the Chaos Hut, Zhou Wen could only place his last hope on the Present Hut. If he couldn’t find him, there was no need to continue the search.

The Future Hut and Past Hut were places that spelled no return. At the very least, Zhou Wen hadn’t found a way to return.

The Chaos Egg slammed open the wooden door and Zhou Wen entered the Present Hut.