Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1267: A Different Present Hut

The Present Hut was the same as in-game. It was in the standard Time Hut style—wooden table, wooden chair, wooden bed, and a wooden horse. It was the same as the ordinary Time Hut’s layout.

However, there was something in the Present Hut that wasn’t in-game.

There were more than ten people in the hut. They were either standing, squatting, or sitting. They were clearly breathing, living people made of blood and flesh, but for some reason, they stood there motionless like puppets. Their eyes were fixed in one direction.

Zhou Wen’s heart palpitated as he didn’t dare come out of the Chaos Egg. He felt unease even inside the Chaos Egg. He hurriedly donned the Dragon King armor and used all sorts of skills like the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder.

After doing all of this, Zhou Wen sized up the situation in the hut again.

The dozen or so people in the hut made the originally small hut seem a little crowded. Zhou Wen quickly realized that Lucas was among them, but he stood there motionless like a realistic wax statue.

Like the others, Lucas stared intently at the only bed in the wooden hut.

Zhou Wen didn’t dare use his eyes to look at the bed. He used Truth Listener’s ability to scan it and realized that the bed in the room was somewhat different from what he had seen in-game.

The wooden bed in-game was an ordinary wooden bed, but this bed had a translucent veil that enveloped the entire bed.

And on the bed was a person. Lucas and company were looking at the person on the bed.

Zhou Wen listened carefully and realized that the person lying on the bed was likely a beautiful woman. As she lay there, he could still see her graceful figure. Her face was so exquisite that she didn’t look human.

Human?

?Zhou Wen was somewhat surprised. Although the woman was so beautiful that she didn’t look human, Zhou Wen could sense a human aura from her. She was definitely not a dimensional creature. At the very least, she had some human bloodline. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Zhou Wen didn’t dare go over, much less attempt to call out to Lucas. This was because he didn’t know what had happened. Not only would he fail to save Lucas if he acted rashly, but he might also harm him or even himself.

Just like a person who had been electrocuted, one couldn’t just pull him away. One had to use some insulation tools to save him.

Lucas wasn’t suffering from a case of electrocution, so all the more Zhou Wen couldn’t act rashly. He had to figure out how to save him and not harm him.

Everything was normal with the Chaos Egg—it didn’t produce any Essence Energy. This meant that the Present Hut was the same as in-game. It didn’t have the ability to harm people, nor did it change the flow of time.

The reason Lucas and company had become like this was most likely because of that woman.

Just as Zhou Wen was observing, someone suddenly moved.

Zhou Wen hurriedly looked over and saw a man standing by the bed. He looked to be in his thirties or forties. He was originally standing there motionless, but for some reason, he suddenly moved.

His eyes were blood-red; his eye whites seemed flush with blood as though they were about to explode.

He continued to stare at the woman on the bed and pounced on the wooden bed like a beast.

However, just as his hand touched the muslin bed curtain, his entire body seemed to suffer electrocution. His body stopped immediately as it terminated its charge forward. His body was still convulsing as though it was suffering a fit.

As he constantly convulsed, dried powder kept dropping from his body. In a moment, he turned from a human with flesh and blood into a skeleton. The skeleton didn’t exist for long before it turned to ashes. Then, nothing was left.

Even his clothes and armor seemed to have undergone the ravages of time, turning into dust.

Zhou Wen was alarmed as he didn’t dare look at the woman on the bed.

However, Truth Listener’s ability made Zhou Wen realize that the woman lying on the bed had become even more exquisite and rosy. She looked even more beautiful.

Indeed, it’s because of that woman!?Zhou Wen’s heart palpitated. He couldn’t tell how the woman had attacked the man.

Unfathomable enemies were the most terrifying. Zhou Wen only wanted to take Lucas out without any intention of provoking the woman.

However, taking Lucas out was a problem. Ignoring the question of whether he could touch Lucas, even if he could, how could he take him out of the Present Hut?

Without the Chaos Egg’s protection, leaving the Present Hut was a dead end. However, Zhou Wen was the only one who could use the Chaos Egg—he couldn’t pull Lucas in.

I can only put him in the Chaos Bead.?Zhou Wen looked around with some hesitation.

He definitely couldn’t touch Lucas. If anything happened, he wouldn’t even have the chance to remedy the situation.

Therefore, Zhou Wen could only place his sights on the remaining people. He wanted to try putting someone into the Chaos Bead and see if he could take them out of the Present Hut.

Zhou Wen had previously tried doing so in-game. Companion Beasts would die if they entered and exited independently. However, they wouldn’t die if stored inside the Chaos Bead.

However, that was only a Companion Beast test after all. It was safer to use humans as an experiment.

However, if the experiment failed, it was equivalent to killing a person. This left Zhou Wen in a dilemma since choosing anyone appeared inappropriate.

I’m sorry. Since you are ultimately doomed standing here, I’ll make the bet for you. If you win, you can escape and live and I won’t need your gratitude. If you lose, blame your bad luck. Zhou Wen randomly chose a person and was about to deactivate the Chaos Egg and forcefully pull him into the Chaos Bead.

However, before Zhou Wen could do anything, someone suddenly moved. A young man standing beside the table pounced at the wooden bed with bloodshot eyes like the middle-aged man from before.

Zhou Wen’s heart stirred as he immediately deactivated the Chaos Egg. He extended his hand and sucked the young man over before stuffing him into the Chaos Bead.

Zhou Wen activated the Chaos Egg again to protect himself. Just as he was about to leave the Present Hut, something terrifying happened.

After Zhou Wen stuffed the young man into the Chaos Bead, his body rapidly aged. In the blink of an eye, he turned from a young man to a dying old man.

He struggled with all his might, but his body quickly dried up and turned to dust. In a moment, he was reduced to ashes that scattered everywhere.

How did this happen??Zhou Wen was alarmed. He hadn’t left the Present Hut and had only placed the person in the Chaos Bead; yet, he had died.

Zhou Wen’s heart palpitated as he immediately felt that something was amiss. His first reaction was to drive the Chaos Egg to leave the Present Hut.

However, when he turned to look at the wooden door, he saw a beautiful and tall woman standing in front of it. Her beautiful eyes were devoid of any human emotions as she stared at the Chaos Egg.