Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1270: Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping

Translator: CKtalon

The woman’s fingers were long, but they were much smaller than the Chaos Egg. However, when her fingers grabbed the Chaos Egg, it was as though an invisible finger force extended out and held it.

Under the invisible pressure of the fingers, the Chaos Egg peeled off as if it was about to explode.

Is there no reaction from the metal flower??Zhou Wen was somewhat depressed. He was about to be buried alive by the constantly produced solid Essence Energy in the Chaos Egg.

Just as Zhou Wen was planning on using the second, third, or fourth backup plan to escape, he suddenly felt the pressure on the Chaos Egg decrease significantly.

Buzz!

A strange buzzing sound entered Zhou Wen’s ears. The woman holding the Chaos Egg seemed to weaken her grip. She looked at the bottom of the valley and saw the metal flower. The buzzing sound seemed to come from there..

The woman stared at the bottom of the valley. Her clothes were trembling slightly like ripples in water.

Zhou Wen felt the surface of the Chaos Egg tremble as well, but the power of the vibrations didn’t enter the Chaos Egg. Instead, many solid Essence Energy particles appeared inside.

Has the metal flower reacted?

?Zhou Wen was delighted, but this feeling soon ended. This was because the Essence Energy in the chaos was about to be filled. Zhou Wen’s entire body was already buried in solid Essence Energy.

As solid Essence Energy couldn’t be compressed further, the Chaos Egg began to expand after it was filled.

Situated in the middle of the massive amount of pure Essence Energy, Zhou Wen didn’t feel any happiness from obtaining Essence Energy.

The woman seemed eager to rush out of the rift valley, but for some reason, her body retreated a distance, as she failed to escape the rift valley.

An invisible force seemed to suppress her body, preventing her from rushing out of the rift valley.

“To think I fought countless battles in the past and killed countless Terror-grade experts. Now, a mere flower actually dares to provoke me.” The woman seemed to be truly furious. Her muslin clothes fluttered and transformed into pillars of light that descended from the sky and struck the rift valley.

At that moment, the woman was like a reincarnating saintess, purifying all the evil in the world. The beams of light were shocking, as though they wanted to flatten the entire rift valley.

The terrifying pillars of light struck the bottom of the valley, but they didn’t produce any rumbling sounds. Before they approached the metal flower, they suddenly disintegrated and shattered into specks of light.

Zhou Wen noticed something. There was a strange vibrational force in the rift valley. Anything that entered the rift valley would be affected by this vibrational force and quickly disintegrated, disintegrating into extremely tiny particles that scattered across the bottom of the valley.

What power is this??This was the first time Zhou Wen had seen such power. Although he was curious, he didn’t have the luxury of time to be curious. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

As it was simultaneously affected by the woman’s finger pressure and the vibrational force of the metal flower, the Chaos Egg had already expanded to the size of a hot air balloon. It was filled with solid Essence Energy that had nearly squashed Zhou Wen flat.

Although Zhou Wen was already desperately absorbing the Essence Energy, the bit of Essence Energy he could absorb was only a drop in the ocean. It didn’t affect the overall situation.

From the looks of it, I’ll have to use Plan B.?Zhou Wen knew that he was in the crossfire of two Calamity Zones. He could only survive using the Chaos Egg. If the Chaos Egg exploded, he probably wouldn’t even have the chance to teleport out.

The Chaos Egg grew bigger and bigger until it was almost transparent. Zhou Wen didn’t dare wait any longer. He put on his armor and various equipment before using Spacetime Bandit to use Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping.

When Zhou Wen rushed down the rift valley, he had deliberately touched a stone outside, leaving behind the mark of Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping. Now, he could use it to exchange positions to escape the rift valley.

However, Zhou Wen was also prepared for failure. With the two Calamity Zones overlapping, it was still a question if Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping would work.

Zhou Wen used Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping, but due to Spacetime Bandit’s delayed effect, Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping showed its effect when he deactivated the Chaos Egg.

Zhou Wen felt his armor tremble as though it was about to disintegrate. Thankfully, in an instant, he vanished from the rift valley and returned to the mountain ridge outside.

As for the woman, a Venusian rock appeared in her hand. The rock couldn’t withstand the woman’s and the metal flower’s power and shattered.

I’m finally out!?Zhou Wen was overjoyed.

The Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping technique, which combined the powers of the Godfiend Era and the Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping powers, was even more bizarre than he had imagined. Even the Calamity Zones couldn’t hold him back.

It lives up to its name.?Zhou Wen didn’t dare stay any longer as he quickly instant transmitted in the direction of the Venusian dimensional zone.

If the woman chased after him again, he would rush into the Venusian dimension and use the Calamity creature inside to deal with the strange woman.

However, after a few instant transmissions, he realized that the woman wasn’t following him. As for the rift valley, terrifying energy fluctuations erupted. Holy light bombarded the area as ear-piercing rumbles sounded from time to time. Large swaths of rocks cracked as mountains collapsed, as though it was the end of the world.

That woman actually failed to escape and chase after me??Zhou Wen was delighted. Ignoring the woman, he used Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping again.

A tiny blade of grass appeared where Zhou Wen was, and he returned to the door of the Time Hut.

This was also the mark he had left behind after rushing out of the Time Hut. However, he hadn’t dared to return previously because he was afraid that the woman would follow him. Now, with the woman fighting the metal flower, she shouldn’t be able to catch up so quickly.

He summoned the Chaos Egg again. It was still filled with solid Essence Energy, bulging the Chaos Egg greatly. Zhou Wen couldn’t care less as he barely made the Chaos Egg enter the Time Hut.

Soon, Zhou Wen arrived in the hut, but the scene inside gave him a fright.

The dozen or so people from before were mostly young adults. They were at most in their forties or fifties, but now, most of them had turned into wrinkled old men who were dead on the ground.

Only five people were still alive. Two of them looked very old. Lucas and the other two looked rather normal—they hadn’t aged drastically.

What’s going on??Zhou Wen’s heart stirred as he placed the younger person into the Chaos Bead and attempted to leave the hut.

This time, the young man didn’t die of old age quickly. Nothing happened after Zhou Wen took him out of the Present Hut. Instead, he woke up shortly after.

Zhou Wen was delighted. After confirming that he was fine, he rushed back to the Present Hut and stored the people and corpses away, including Lucas.