Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1272: Prisoned Dragon

The original Galaxy Shell Dragon was crystalline, resembling an Australian lobster.

But now, although it was still in its tattoo form, it was very different from before.

The color had turned into a translucent jade-white color. It was crystalline and there seemed to be fog flowing inside. It looked dreamlike, as though it didn’t exist in the mortal world.

The Galaxy Shell Dragon’s appearance had also changed. Although it still looked like a lobster, its head looked more like a dragon’s. Its body had clearly broadened, and the carapace on its back had become thicker. Furthermore, it appeared to have many edges like a diamond. It looked hard and beautiful, resplendent like stars.

Zhou Wen’s eyes lit up when he sensed the information from the Galaxy Shell Dragon. He hurriedly took out his phone to take a closer look.

Prisoned Dragon: Terror (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Unbreakable

Life Soul: Courses Reverse At Extremes

Wheel of Destiny: Absolute Defense

Terror Form: Prisoned Dragon

Strength: 99

Speed: 99

Constitution: 99

Essence Energy: 99

Talent Skill: Death Cage, Ghost Armor, Prisoned Dragon Lock, Trapped Dragon Ascension

Companion Form: Armor

It wasn’t unexpected that the Galaxy Shell Dragon had advanced to the Terror grade. After all, the jade pearl it had absorbed belonged to the Calamity-grade Dragon Turtle. It would be strange if it couldn’t advance to the Terror grade.

To Zhou Wen’s surprise, things weren’t as simple as Prisoned Dragon advancing to the Terror grade. Even its species had changed.

Now, Zhou Wen didn’t know if it was the advancement of the Galaxy Shell Dragon or if the jade ball’s power had occupied its body, allowing it to carry on its life in another form.

Regardless of the situation, it only brought Zhou Wen benefits. Prisoned Dragon’s stats were undoubtedly top-notch at the Terror grade, especially its defense. Zhou Wen felt that it was even possible to vie for the position of the number one defensive Companion Beast at the Terror grade.

Absolute Defense could be used indefinitely now. There was no longer a time limit.

With the augmentation of the Unbreakable Life Providence, its defense was crazy. With the Courses Reverse At Extremes Life Soul, it could reflect all sorts of attacks. It was even more porcupine-like than a porcupine.

The Terror transformation of Prisoned Dragon and the various skills that were different from before still needed to be tested in actual combat.

Zhou Wen immediately replaced the Dragon King armor with the Prisoned Dragon armor. The black armor was instantly replaced by a crystalline, translucent white armor. Clouds rose from the armor as endless starlight surrounded it. It looked gorgeous and dazzling like a hero’s amazing appearance.

Isn’t this a little too exaggerated? It’s so ostentatious that I can see it from afar. How can I launch a sneak attack and hide while escaping??Zhou Wen didn’t like such gorgeous armor. It was the inconspicuous armor like the Dragon King armor that suited Zhou Wen’s aesthetic standards.

However, the Prisoned Dragon armor’s defense was clearly much higher than the Dragon King armor. Zhou Wen wore the Prisoned Dragon armor and couldn’t sense the effects of the vibrations.

As expected of Absolute Defense…?Zhou Wen was delighted as he attempted to approach the basin. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

As he got closer and closer to the battlefield, Prisoned Dragon’s Absolute Defense had already taken effect. It forcefully endured the shockwaves of the Calamity-grade power as he advanced. The armor wasn’t damaged at all, and the impact on Zhou Wen’s body had been greatly reduced.

Zhou Wen finally sensed the situation on the battlefield. The rift valley had turned into a huge depression that was bigger than a city.

The spot beneath the flower had turned into a long pillar that was probably a few hundred meters tall. It was like an unreachable lighthouse.

The metal flower looked very small, but its roots were bottomless. The entire pillar was filled with its roots that extended deep underground. It was unknown how long they were.

Venus had many metal ores, and it was especially rich with metallic elements. The ground below was almost like an alloy. It was unimaginable that such a tiny flower could take root so deeply in the metal.

The Holy Light on the woman’s body became more and more intense as beams of Holy Light blasted down. It couldn’t just be called Holy Light. Instead, it was like the descent of angels filled with Holy Light. Every Holy Light Angel that descended carried unparalleled Holy Light power as they charged at the flower as though they were sacrificing themselves.

However, the flower remained motionless. It only emitted a buzzing sound. No matter how terrifying the power of the descending Holy Light Angels was, it failed to reach the flower. The strongest Holy Light Angel automatically disintegrated into particles two to three meters away from the flower.

How powerful!?Zhou Wen didn’t know the origins of the metal flower, but this ability was just fantastic. Anything that approached it would disintegrate. It looked invincible.

The flower wasn’t human. It didn’t know arrogance. Otherwise, it would proudly look down on the woman. The woman had used all sorts of methods, but she had failed to injure the flower at all.

This flower… Could it be the legendary Withered Flower? That’s not right. The Withered Flower can only reduce life to dust, but this metal flower can disintegrate things through vibrational forces… What the hell is this…?The woman frowned. She couldn’t tell the metal flower’s ability.

The crux of the matter was that she didn’t wish to fight the metal flower, but she couldn’t rush out of the metal flower’s domain. The other party had already locked her down firmly. Once she revealed her weakness, she would suffer a calamity.

That darn bastard. Don’t let me catch him. Otherwise, I’ll definitely rip him to pieces.?The woman hated Zhou Wen to the core. If it wasn’t for him, she wouldn’t have encountered such an unknown and thorny metal flower.

As she was thinking, the woman suddenly felt someone touch her Calamity Zone. After carefully identifying it, she realized that a human had entered the battlefield.

The woman couldn’t be sure if it was Zhou Wen. The armor on him was completely different from the one he had previously worn. She couldn’t tell if the person inside was Zhou Wen.

However, on second thought, the woman thought that it didn’t matter if it was the human from before. For a person to suddenly barge in and withstand the assault of the Calamity Zone, this seemed to be good news for her.

A few thoughts flashed through the woman’s mind as she quickly made up her mind. Regardless of whether the human was the one she had been pursuing, she could use him now.

Zhou Wen didn’t dare get too close. He stopped at the edge of the battlefield where he could spy. Not long after, he suddenly felt that something was amiss.

He saw the woman take out something. Before Zhou Wen could see what it was, his body involuntarily flew towards the woman.

Zhou Wen’s limbs flailed wildly as he tried to instant transmit away or stop himself from flying towards the woman, but it was to no avail. Even Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping failed to bring him back to the spot he had previously marked.

Oh no!?Zhou Wen immediately felt that something was amiss. He saw that the woman was holding a yellow paper talisman.