Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1273: Plan C

Translator: CKtalon

The yellow paper talisman looked somewhat similar to the Substitute Talisman that Zhou Wen had drawn. From the patterns, they seemed to come from the same lineage, but the runes and paper were somewhat different.

Zhou Wen didn’t know what the runes meant, but the power of the runes sucked him towards the woman. He couldn’t escape no matter how hard he tried. His body flew faster and faster as he instantly stuck to the runes and was grabbed by the woman.

Thankfully, Zhou Wen reacted quickly and activated the Chaos Egg in time. The woman only grabbed the Chaos Egg and didn’t grab Zhou Wen’s body.

However, the solid Essence Energy in the Chaos Egg was already full. If the woman used any more strength, he would probably explode.

The woman didn’t pinch the Chaos Egg but grabbed it and threw it at the metal flower like she was throwing a baseball.

.

Zhou Wen wanted to use the Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping technique to return to the mark he had left far away, but he was alarmed to discover that the Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping technique was still unusable. As for the yellow paper talisman, it was stuck to the Chaos Egg, suppressing his strength.

As the Chaos Egg rapidly flew towards the metal flower, the vibrations it endured intensified. The solid Essence Energy inside increased greatly and was about to burst it.

From the looks of it, I’ll have to use Plan C.

?Zhou Wen had already considered this problem. It wasn’t impossible to quickly expend the Essence Energy in the Chaos Egg. There was still a way.

Without any hesitation, Zhou Wen took out the Immortal Culling Sword and held the hilt. He fused with Slaughterer and used Immortal Slaying to forcefully pull it out.

Just a slight movement from the Immortal Culling Sword sucked away a massive amount of Essence Energy. The solid Essence Energy in the Chaos Egg vanished in large chunks. The Essence Energy that the Chaos Egg produced wasn’t enough for the absorption of Immortal Culling Sword.

The Essence Energy required by the Immortal Culling Sword was massive. Even Zhou Wen didn’t know how much it required. The last time he used the Immortal Culling Sword, it was the Sigh of the King that provided most of the energy. The energy he provided was almost negligible.

According to Zhou Wen’s calculations, Terror-grade Essence Energy was just a drop in the ocean for the Immortal Culling Sword. Only Calamity-grade creatures could provide the Essence Energy needed. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Zhou Wen had already made up his mind when he came. It would be best if he could find an opportunity to kill the woman. If she caught him again, he would try to use the converted Essence Energy to draw the Immortal Culling Sword.

Soon, Zhou Wen realized that he had underestimated the amount of Essence Energy needed by the Immortal Culling Sword. Half of the solid Essence Energy Crystals that had been accumulated in the Chaos Egg were instantly sucked away by the Immortal Culling Sword.

Thankfully, the Chaos Egg was getting closer and closer to the metal flower. The vibrations it suffered also became stronger and stronger. The Essence Energy it converted also increased significantly, preventing the Essence Energy in the Chaos Egg from drying up.

Zhou Wen’s current situation was like the act of boiling water.

The metal flower’s vibrational force was like fire, and the Chaos Egg was a pot that boiled water. If the fire was too intense, the pot would melt, but because there was water in the pot, it wouldn’t break down before the water dried up.

Now, the Immortal Culling Sword played the role of water. The pressure the metal flower gave the Chaos Egg transformed into Essence Energy and was absorbed by the Immortal Culling Sword. Before the Immortal Culling Sword was fully absorbed, the Chaos Egg wouldn’t be damaged.

Although the Chaos Egg wasn’t damaged, it didn’t mean that the its strength could really withstand the metal flower. When the woman’s throw lost all its momentum, the Chaos Egg was immediately repelled by the vibrational force. It charged even faster in the woman’s direction.

The woman originally wanted to exploit the Chaos Egg’s disturbance of the metal flower to escape, but she realized that in this strange domain, her body seemed to resonate with the vibrations. Once she attempted to leave this area, her body’s frequency was different from the outside world. She was repelled by the Universe’s natural frequency. Even if she didn’t die, she would be severely injured.

Seeing the Chaos Egg bounce back, the woman’s palm erupted with Holy Light. She struck the Chaos Egg and smashed it back.

The solid Essence Energy in the Chaos Egg quickly depleted, but the Immortal Culling Sword hadn’t been pulled out. It was still crazily absorbing his Essence Energy.

Zhou Wen was originally grumbling inwardly. He never expected the Essence Energy converted from a Calamity-grade power to be insufficient. To pull out the sword, he probably would have to come up with a way to activate the Sigh of the King.

However, to his surprise, when the woman’s strength struck the Chaos Egg, it immediately transformed into a large amount of solid Essence Energy. It could last a while longer.

As for the Chaos Egg, it was struck by the force and flew towards the metal flower like a comet. During the process, it was affected by the vibrations, producing large amounts of solid Essence Energy as well.

The Chaos Egg was sandwiched between the two Calamity-grade creatures and was constantly attacked by both powers. It allowed Zhou Wen to obtain enough Essence Energy to barely satisfy the Immortal Culling Sword’s needs.

Now, Zhou Wen was most worried that they would suddenly stop fighting or not hit his Chaos Egg. Then, the Immortal Culling Sword would suck him dry.

Thankfully, what Zhou Wen was worried about didn’t happen. The woman didn’t seem convinced that her strength was insufficient to shatter the strange ball. She struck the Chaos Egg even harder, hoping to blast it apart.

He was a mere human—at most at the Terror grade. The woman refused to believe that her strength couldn’t break through the Chaos Egg.

Even if she couldn’t affect the metal flower, she had to kill this detestable human first.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The Chaos Egg was like a ping pong ball as it bounced between the woman and the metal flower.

The humans who were paying attention to this battle were trying their best to figure out what kind of creatures were on both sides of the battle. However, the interference from the forces there was just too strong. Apart from the burst of light, they couldn’t see anything else through the satellites.

“Could such a holy power be the descent of the Holy Son or Holy Mother?” Someone in the West District guessed.

In the terrifying holy light, some Terror-grade experts could vaguely see angels formed by the holy light.

“It’s also possible that a powerful angel has descended. Could it be the legendary archangel, Michael?”

“Probably not. Do you still remember? Among the dimensional creatures that went to Venus previously, there was a black-winged angel. Perhaps one of the personnel involved in the battle is him.”

“That black-winged angel looks like a fallen angel no matter how you look at it. It shouldn’t have such holy powers, right?”

“Who said that fallen angels can’t have holy powers? Doesn’t the legendary Lucifer have holy powers?”

As everyone discussed, they suddenly saw Holy Light erupt like a volcano in the projection’s battlefield, illuminating the entire battlefield.

And in the light, one could vaguely see the shadow of a six-winged seraphim. The face and form of the shadow was very similar to that woman.