Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Chapter 1323: Lucky Dodge

The two Mythical Companion Beasts were the Lucky Stone Sprite and the Lucky Clover King. Like the Baby Tiger, they had a Luck Life Providence, but they added more Luck than the Baby Tiger.

Stone Sprite +9 Luck, Lucky Clover King +7 Luck. The six Epic Companion Beasts added 3 to 6 Luck.

As for the two Legendary Companion Beasts, they were both +1 Luck.

The Lucky Stone Sprite’s Companion Form was a bracelet, the Lucky Clover King was a ring, and the Epic and Legendary Companion Beasts were myriad in nature. Zhou Wen did some calculations. Apart from two Companion Beasts that conflicted with the Companion Beasts he had to use, there was one that didn’t have a Companion Beast form. The rest could be used together.

Zhou Wen was somewhat surprised by the Mortal Companion Beast. This was because the Companion Beast didn’t have a Luck stat. As for why it was sent over as a Luck Companion Beast, Zhou Wen guessed that it had something to do with its skill.

It was obvious that a Mortal Companion Beast didn’t have a Life Providence, so it was naturally impossible for it to have a Luck Life Providence. After carefully reading the Companion Beast’s information, Zhou Wen realized that it wasn’t the case.

Death Harbinger Crow: Mortal stage.

Strength: 11

Speed: 11

Constitution: 11

Essence Energy: 11

Talent Skill: Necrology

Companion Form: Wings

After Zhou Wen carefully looked at its stats, he cursed his bad luck. He hurriedly looked at the list Hui Haifeng had given him. He didn’t remember seeing any crows on the list.

Indeed, the only Mortal Companion Beast on the list was Fortuitous Magpie, also known as the bird that delivered good news. It wasn’t the Death Harbinger Crow.

On careful comparison, Zhou Wen knew that Hui Haifeng must have made a mistake when he purchased it. The Death Harbinger Crow Companion Egg was very similar to the Fortuitous Magpie’s. Just by looking at its appearance, it was identical. He had probably mistaken the Death Harbinger for it.

As for whether the person who sold the Companion Egg to Hui Haifeng really didn’t know or was doing it on purpose, that wasn’t something Zhou Wen could know.

This Death Harbinger Crow is a little odd. It’s clearly a low-level Mortal Companion Beast and doesn’t have any Evolvable stat, but it actually has all its stats at 11. This is really rare.?Zhou Wen thought for a moment and hatched the Death Harbinger Crow and the other Luck Companion Eggs.

Although being a harbinger of death was indeed annoying, Zhou Wen had always heard from the former principal that good medicine was bitter and the bitter truth hurts. It wasn’t a good thing to be a harbinger, but it was a pretty good ability that gave advance warning.

After the incubation was completed, Zhou Wen entered the game and put on all the lucky equipment he could wear.

Of course, the most important thing was the Heavenly Robe. It had a special Lucky Dodge ability. As long as the Luck stat worked, it could dodge attacks that were originally impossible to dodge.

However, the Heavenly Robe’s luck was limited, and its chance of dodging was very low. Zhou Wen had already tested it before. When facing the Golden Battle God’s bullets, there was only a 10% chance of dodging.

In the face of a Calamity-grade bullet, Zhou Wen hadn’t successfully dodged it once.

What Zhou Wen wanted to test was whether the other pieces of Luck equipment on him would affect Heavenly Robe’s ability to dodge.

After entering the dungeon, the Metal Guard’s bullets shot at Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen stood there without moving. The Heavenly Robe on his body seemed to move without any wind, making him look like an immortal. The bullet strangely circled around Zhou Wen’s body and missed.

A large number of bullets shot over, but none of them hit Zhou Wen. All of them automatically deviated from their trajectories.

Zhou Wen was slightly delighted. Although the Heavenly Robe could easily dodge the Metal Guard’s bullets, it wasn’t that exaggerated. Previously, the Heavenly Robe would still yank Zhou Wen’s body aside to dodge the bullets.

Now, Zhou Wen could stand there without moving. Just the fluttering of the Heavenly Robe allowed all the bullets to miss him. Clearly, Heavenly Robe’s dodging abilities had been enhanced.

I wonder how efficient Heavenly Robe’s dodging is when facing the Terror-grade Golden Battle God.?Zhou Wen casually killed all the Metal Guards and waited for the Golden Battle God to appear.

Soon, the Golden Battle God Mark I rushed out. His freezing bullets were fired at a speed that the vision of ordinary humans couldn’t keep up with.

Zhou Wen didn’t move. He had come purely to experiment. Even if he was shot to death, he had no intention of moving.

The Heavenly Robe fluttered as the Terror-grade Frost Bullet brushed past his sleeve and struck the metal building’s wall, producing an ice fog.

It dodged the first shot. This effect is quite strong. I think there’s at least a 50% chance.?Zhou Wen was even more delighted.

He didn’t attack and allowed the Golden Battle God to shoot at him. A scene that surprised and delighted Zhou Wen happened. No matter how crazy the Golden Battle God’s shots were, even if Zhou Wen stood still, none of the Golden Battle God’s bullets could hit him.

Amazing! Could it be that with the augmentation of all this lucky equipment, Heavenly Robe’s Lucky Dodge has reached 100%??Zhou Wen dodged more than a hundred bullets without being hit.

Without continuing the test, Zhou Wen killed the Golden Battle Gods one by one. He wanted to see if the Heavenly Robe could dodge the Calamity-grade bullets.

The alarm blared as Zhou Wen felt somewhat nervous. He failed to react in time when the gunshot rang.

However, the bullet didn’t hit Zhou Wen. The Heavenly Robe yanked Zhou Wen’s body a little and allowed him to fortuitously dodge the Calamity-grade bullet.

Holy sh*t… I really dodged it… I’ve hit the jackpot now… With this divine artifact on me… What’s there to be afraid of a Calamity-grade bullet... Zhou Wen had died too many times in the Venusian instance dungeon. He couldn’t help but be excited by this sudden discovery.

However, he didn’t dare make confirmation. He took another shot as an experiment, and he actually dodged it again.

Ah! This is really awesome. With the Heavenly Robe in hand, I have luck. Who else… Let me ask the world, who else can kill me??Zhou Wen felt as though he had eaten a Ginseng Fruit as he felt so comfortable.

Bang!

With a gunshot, Zhou Wen saw the blood-colored avatar’s head explode as the screen went black.

The smile on his face instantly turned into shock as his mouth remained agape.

Are you kidding me? I can be hit by the third shot??Zhou Wen calmed down and thought carefully. He could dodge the first two shots and the third shot was about the same strength as the first two shots. He felt that since the third shot wasn’t the sure-kill seventh, the reason he couldn’t dodge this shot was most likely because he didn’t have enough luck. When facing the Calamity-grade creature, his Lucky Dodge wasn’t 100% effective.

I have to get some more lucky equipment to give it a try. Perhaps I can really dodge the Calamity-grade bullets with 100% certainty.?Zhou Wen thought about where he could get some more lucky equipment.

He had even used the Lady Luck Necklace that Jing Daoxian had given him to achieve such an effect. For a moment, he didn’t know where he could get lucky Companion Beasts.