Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1340: Death Everywhere

As they stemmed from the same origin and their circulation trajectories were becoming more and more similar, coupled with the absorption characteristics of the Lunar Mansion Array, it failed to kill Zhou Wen, even though Starlady Polestar’s Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array was much stronger than Zhou Wen’s. Instead, a lot of starlight was sucked away.

Of course, this was also because Starlady Polestar wasn’t targeting Zhou Wen. She had focused most of her attention on the antelope, planning on killing Zhou Wen in passing.

That antelope wasn’t completely lying. It’s fine if he knows the Lunar Mansion Array, but he can actually reverse engineer the Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array. That isn’t easy.?Starlady Polestar looked at Zhou Wen with a hint of hesitation.

Starlady Polestar naturally wouldn’t agree to contract a good-for-nothing. If she could find a powerful partner, why lead a fool to conquer the world?

She had only said those words to the antelope to show her determination.

Upon seeing that not only did Zhou Wen know the Lunar Mansion Array, but he could also reverse engineer the Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array, Starlady Polestar was somewhat tempted.

The Essence Energy Arts and skills Zhou Wen used were very compatible with her abilities. Coupled with Zhou Wen’s outstanding perception, it would indeed save her a lot of time and trouble if she could contract with him.

There was another important point. Zhou Wen was already at the Mythical stage. After contracting with him, Starlady Polestar no longer needed to hide in the log inside Forbidden City, nor would she be rejected and suppressed by Earth’s laws.

However, when she recalled how Zhou Wen had ruined her plans back then and how she had been schemed against by Zhou Wen again, she couldn’t take it lying down if she let him off just like that. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Starlady Polestar came up with an idea. She thought to herself,?So you are perceptive and fond of learning? Then I’ll teach you a good lesson.

Starlady Polestar powered the Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array, making it constantly transform in a deliberate attempt to show Zhou Wen its variability.

Starlady Polestar wasn’t doing this out of good intentions. The universe was endless and there were countless stars. It was almost impossible to fully comprehend the changes in all the stars in the universe.

There was a limit to life, and there was a limit to one’s brain power. However, the universe was infinite. To comprehend the infinite universe with limited life and brainpower, it was fine if he only wanted to steal some insight from it, but if he really wanted to completely comprehend it, then it was equivalent to forcefully filling a water bottle with only a capacity of one liter with the seawater of the Pacific Ocean. It was needless to say that the bottle would explode.

Starlady Polestar was able to master the Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array because of her innate talent. If she didn’t have such talent, even she wouldn’t dare to say that she could remember all the variations in the Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array.

It was also impossible to remember them all, because there were infinite variations.

She made up her mind. If Zhou Wen couldn’t comprehend the various profundities of the Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array and gave up midway, it meant that Zhou Wen’s talent was nothing much. It didn’t matter if he was killed. There was no need to feel pity.

If Zhou Wen really continued comprehending, he would probably go crazy without her doing anything.

At the end of the day, Starlady Polestar didn’t plan on letting Zhou Wen off. He would die either way.

Due to the interference, Zhou Wen naturally didn’t know of Starlady Polestar’s plan. However, the Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array constantly changed in front of him as beams of starlight fused into his Lunar Mansion Array. Zhou Wen didn’t stand on ceremony as he absorbed them and fully comprehended their profundities.

With limited comprehension, one might indeed go crazy in the end. However, Starlady Polestar had overlooked an important problem.

It couldn’t be said that it was an oversight on her part. It should be said that she didn’t know much about Zhou Wen’s Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping Art and Singularity Universe.

The Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping Art itself was a clever Essence Energy Art that could deceive anything. It focused on viewing matters from an overarching manner, and the Singularity Universe simulated the Big Bang—the birth and operation of the universe.

When it came to the grand view of the universe, Zhou Wen’s theoretical knowledge wasn’t necessarily inferior to Starlady Polestar’s.

However, Singularity Universe gave Zhou Wen a large framework. There weren’t many details or content inside—exactly what Zhou Wen lacked.

To determine the framework based on the details and to slowly fill in the content while knowing the framework were two completely different concepts.

The former was truly calculating the infinite with finite limitations. It consumed too much brain power, while the latter was just filling up a framework. The more knowledge he filled up, the more beneficial it was for Zhou Wen.

From Starlady Polestar’s point of view, Zhou Wen was inferring from the twenty-eight Lunar Mansions to the Stellar Heavenly Cycle, but in fact, both the twenty-eight Lunar Mansions and the Stellar Heavenly Cycle were within Zhou Wen’s framework.

From a certain point of view, Zhou Wen was actually standing at the same height as Starlady Polestar, so it didn’t produce the situation that Starlady Polestar had imagined.

The changes in the Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array that Starlady Polestar displayed for Zhou Wen were fully absorbed by him. He directly employed it in his system, causing the Lunar Mansion Array to become stronger and more complex.

At that moment, countless stars circled around Zhou Wen as though he was being protected by them. Although they weren’t as dazzling as Starlady Polestar’s, they couldn’t be underestimated.

It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that Zhou Wen’s current technique was the Minor Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array.

Starlady Polestar couldn’t help but frown slightly when she saw the array formation around Zhou Wen grow stronger and stronger. The various changes in the Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array were fused into his array formation.

Is this fellow really human??Based on Starlady Polestar’s estimates, even if Zhou Wen had ten heads, he should have exploded from all the changes afforded by the Stellar Heavenly Cycle.

However, Zhou Wen appeared as though nothing had happened. He continued trying to study her Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array.

The variations in the Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array are endless. I want to see how much you can remember. I don’t believe that you have a hundred heads… Even if you really have a hundred heads, there will come a time when they will be filled…?Starlady Polestar accelerated the changes in the Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array.

However, no matter how the Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array changed, Zhou Wen seemed indifferent. He completely merged the changes into his system, found the corresponding spots, and used them for himself.

The antelope was fighting desperately. Many parts of its fur had been shaved off by the starlight, and its body was stained with blood. It looked pathetic.

Not only was Zhou Wen uninjured, but he had also obtained immense benefits. The Minor Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array around him became stronger and stronger. It could even compete with the Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array at close distances.

Of course, it only looked more beautiful. The stars surrounded Zhou Wen as though the universe was revolving around him.

In fact, its might was much weaker than the Major Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array. If Starlady Polestar had really used all her strength to kill Zhou Wen, the Minor Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array would have long exploded.

However, at that moment, Starlady Polestar still didn’t suppress Zhou Wen with all her might. Instead, she looked at Zhou Wen with a complicated expression.

Although his strength was still very far from hers, the Minor Heavenly Cycle Stellar Array around Zhou Wen had already made her waver.

Could it be that this person is really as that antelope said, a rare genius??Starlady Polestar started having different thoughts.