Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1357: Soul Mirror

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen had second thoughts and felt that Sweetie being so strong wasn’t necessarily a bad thing for him.

Sweetie definitely doesn’t want me dead now that she wants to figure out the story behind the candy box and lemon candy. Should I take her around those terrifying dimensional zones??Zhou Wen thought to himself.

Whether he died or not was a matter of the future. With God by his side, it didn’t seem right not to carry out some exploitation.

However, where he went was something worth considering.

If he went to Chess Mountain, the risk was still too high. The Thearch knew who Sweetie was. It wouldn’t be easy to control her. He might even have things backfire.

To the Fiend Tomb??Zhou Wen thought for a moment and felt that he should skip it.

It wasn’t that easy to deal with Drought Demon Fairy. More importantly, Drought Demon Fairy was a Guardian. There was no benefit in killing her.

I have to think of a way to kill a Calamity-grade dimensional creature with Sweetie. If a Companion Egg drops or something, I’ll make a killing.?Just as Zhou Wen was pondering about it, he suddenly felt the mysterious phone vibrate. He took it out and realized that the fruit produced by the Dead Man Tree after absorbing Unkilling Dugu had ripened.

A golden beam tore through the fruit and fused into the blood-colored avatar’s body.

Zhou Wen opened the blood-colored avatar’s Companion Beast window and saw a new Companion Beast.

What surprised Zhou Wen was that the Companion Beasts that the Dead Man Tree transformed into after the absorption were related to their owners when they were alive.

However, the Companion Beast transformed by Unkilling Dugu wasn’t in the form of a human. It had nothing to do with humans.

It was a golden mirror. The mirror was oval in shape, and there were hollowed flower patterns on the edge. Its entire body was like colored glass made of gold.

However, the mirror may look smooth, one would realize that although it was flat, it had the feeling of a multi-faceted surface like a diamond. It seemed to have been cut from different angles.

When one stood in front of the mirror, the figure inside appeared disjointed and distorted. It was impossible to tell that it was a person.

Soul Mirror: Mortal (Evolvable)

Strength: 11

Speed: 11

Constitution: 11

Essence Energy: 11

Talent Skill: Soul-Washing Divine Light

Companion Form: Mirror

Zhou Wen was first taken aback before he was delighted. Although he didn’t know what abilities the Soul Mirror had after obtaining a Life Providence, Life Soul, and Wheel of Destiny. He didn’t know if they were very strong, just the Soul-Washing Divine Light was worth nurturing.

Zhou Wen had previously heard from Unkilling Dugu that this skill was an ability that could directly attack the soul and cleanse human souls.

The so-called cleansing wasn’t to purify the heart and make people change for the better. It was to wash away memories and make them forget the past.

There was an even higher level Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light. It was an ability that could completely eliminate one’s soul. If one was hit by the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light, they would either become an idiot or a vegetable.

Zhou Wen didn’t have any extravagant hopes of obtaining the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light. Just the Soul-Washing Divine Light was enough.

This skill was already powerful enough. An archenemy would suddenly have his memories wiped after using the Soul-Washing Divine Light. When the time came, it might even fool the opponent into thinking that he was one’s son. How sick was this skill? It was practically a brainwashing skill.

Zhou Wen thought for a moment and glanced at Sweetie. It would be great if he could brainwash her. He could make her forget about avenging Yana, and all the problems would be resolved.

Of course, Zhou Wen knew very well that it was impossible.

Now, the Soul-Washing Divine Light was still at the Mortal stage. It was probably not of much use. Even if it could advance to the Terror grade, it was still unknown if it could be effective against a big shot like Sweetie.

However, that spelled some hope. It might be useful if he slowly raised its level in the future.

The Evil Spirit King he had previously reared had only reached the Mythical stage. He hadn’t found a way to advance it to the Terror grade.

Evil Spirit King: Mythical (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Spirit Thought Body

Life Soul: Evil Spirit King

Wheel of Destiny: Evil King’s Kill

Strength: 81

Speed: 81

Constitution: 81

Essence Energy: 81

Talent Skill: Spirit Devouring (Inferior)

Companion Form: Soul

Spirit Devouring had helped the Evil Spirit King plunder many Essence Energy Skills from other dimensional creatures. The Evil Spirit King had more Essence Energy Skills than Zhou Wen, making him an all-round fighter.

Unfortunately, his level was a little low. The Mythical stage wasn’t very useful for the present Zhou Wen. If he could advance to the Terror grade, he would become an extremely powerful addition to Zhou Wen’s combat strength.

As it had absorbed all sorts of different skills, the Evil Spirit King could almost deal with most situations.

The Spirit Thought Body Life Providence had also allowed the Evil Spirit King to enter a Spirit Thought Body state. Typical attacks were useless against the Evil Spirit King in its Spirit Thought Body state.

Only psyche or soul-type attacks could injure the Evil Spirit King in its Spirit Thought Body form.

The Life Soul, Evil Spirit King, was an extremely powerful self-strengthening ability. It was equivalent to entering a super state.

Under the super Evil Spirit King state, not only would its various stats increase, but the Evil Spirit King’s Spirit Devouring Skill could even devour creatures that exceeded its level and plunder the skills of high-level creatures.

However, the success rate wasn’t high. Zhou Wen had previously attempted to beat a Terror-grade creature to its last breath and let the Evil Spirit King absorb it, but after dozens of attempts, he only succeeded in absorbing the Precision Shooting of the Terror-grade Golden Battle God.

The Evil Spirit King didn’t have a gun. What was the use of Precision Shooting?

From then on, Zhou Wen lost his enthusiasm. He let it absorb skills if there was a chance. It was fine if there wasn’t a chance, nor did he deliberately let him absorb all sorts of higher-level skills.

I wonder what Companion Beast that metal flower will give birth to??Zhou Wen was rather expectant of the metal flower. After all, it was the first creature to be absorbed. It was a creature other than humans.

Unfortunately, the metal flower’s fruit had only just appeared. It looked like there was still some time before it ripened.

Just as Zhou Wen was thinking about it, his phone suddenly rang. This time, it wasn’t a message, but a phone call.

He picked up his phone and took a look. He realized that it was An Sheng. Zhou Wen immediately felt that something was amiss. If it wasn’t urgent, An Sheng wouldn’t call him, knowing that Sweetie was very likely beside him.

“What’s the matter?” Zhou Wen asked directly after the call connected. He was still thinking,?Did something happen with the sale of the Heavenly Robe?

“Young Master, there’s trouble. Our Luoyang seems to be producing a Calamity-grade creature…” An Sheng said with a bitter smile. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Zhou Wen was taken aback when he heard that. Then, his expression changed drastically as he said, “I’ll rush back immediately. How’s the situation now?”

Zhou Wen knew very well what it meant for a Calamity-grade creature to appear. It would bring about a large-scale calamity. It was impossible for an ordinary person to withstand such a calamity. It was very likely that it would cause a large number of casualties. If things weren’t handled properly, the entire Luoyang would become a dead city.. It was no longer up to him to delay his return.