Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1382: Battling Perfect Sword Immortal

Zhou Wen’s Chaos Egg had been put to the test. It didn’t explode back when it was used as a ping pong ball between Calamity-grade existences.

However, the sword beam from Perfect Sword Immortal was truly indomitable. The might of the strike caused many solid Essence Energy Crystals to form in the Chaos Egg, but it failed to shatter it.

At the bottom of the deep pit, Zhou Wen unsummoned the Chaos Egg and summoned the Earth Elemental Beast. He wanted to use its Earth Escape powers to escape.

However, the Earth Elemental Beast didn’t escape far before it suddenly let out a tragic cry. Its body seemed to have been penetrated by invisible swords.

Zhou Wen was alarmed as he immediately knew that it wasn’t safe underground. He was still in the Calamity Zone, so the Earth Elemental Beast probably couldn’t escape.

However, this allowed Zhou Wen to roughly determine the range of Perfect Sword Immortal’s domain and gain some confidence.

Since the Earth Elemental Beast was about to die, Zhou Wen could only order it to escape from the soil before immediately unsummoning it.

Even so, he failed to keep the Earth Elemental Beast alive. The pattern on Zhou Wen’s body gradually faded before disappearing. Zhou Wen couldn’t sense its existence.

F*ck you!?Zhou Wen gritted his teeth.

Perfect Sword Immortal took a step forward and appeared above Zhou Wen. He looked down at him and said, “You actually survived. You really surprised me.”

“I’ll outlive you.” Zhou Wen instant transmitted to the back of Perfect Sword Immortal and swung his arm in a slash.

However, just as he raised his arm, Perfect Sword Immortal turned around and kicked him in the abdomen like a phantom, sending him flying.

“Cough!” Zhou Wen spat out a mouthful of blood. The kick had severely injured him, nearly causing his stomach to explode. As it was so fast, Zhou Wen failed to react in time.

Like a flash, Perfect Sword Immortal was unbelievably fast. He came in front of Zhou Wen and grabbed his head with his palm before squeezing it.

The scene in Perfect Sword Immortal’s mind of his head exploding didn’t happen. His fingers ended up sinking into white rubber-like matter.

The fingers that were originally holding Zhou Wen were now holding the Chaos Egg.

Perfect Sword Immortal squeezed again, hoping to crush the Chaos Egg. However, he was somewhat surprised to discover that the Chaos Egg was soft and pliable. He failed to crack it and only managed to distort it greatly.

“I want to see how strong this ball’s defense is.” Perfect Sword Immortal exerted strength in his palm and lifted the Chaos Egg before throwing it into the air.

At the instant it was thrown into the air, a purple lotus flower bloomed in Perfect Sword Immortal’s hand.

If one looked carefully, they would realize that it wasn’t a lotus flower, but purple sword beams.

The lotus flower-like purple sword beams stabbed at the Chaos Egg. Sword beams struck the Chaos Egg from different directions. As the sword beams came from different directions, the impact kept the Chaos Egg suspended in midair. The sword beams struck it one after another as it remained stuck in place.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

After being repeatedly struck by several sword beams, the Chaos Egg’s form was distorted beyond recognition. It was very worrying that it would explode at any moment.

However, no matter how distorted the Chaos Egg was, there were a few times when it was like a balloon that had been pricked by a needle. It seemed to explode, but it ultimately didn’t.

Cave Era and company were alarmed. In the past, Zhou Wen had relied on his Lucky Dodge to dodge the Calamity-grade bullets and help others enter the rankings. They felt that Zhou Wen was lucky to have such a Companion Beast.

Yet, Zhou Wen was now withstanding a barrage of Calamity-grade attacks with his own strength. This wasn’t as simple as luck.

Cave Era and company asked themselves. If it were them, would they have died on the spot from the sword beams?

Back when the metal flower fought Yana, Zhou Wen had also used the Chaos Egg. The shockwaves from the battle between the two Calamity-grade creatures were too intense, so the satellites failed to capture the Chaos Egg on the battlefield. Therefore, this was the first time Cave Era and company had seen the powerful defense of Chaos.

However, Zhou Wen wasn’t having it easy either. The sword beams of Perfect Sword Immortal were just too powerful. Sword beams struck the Chaos Egg, making it condense a large number of solid Essence Energy Crystals.

If this continued, Zhou Wen would be buried alive by the solid Essence Energy crystals.

No, I can’t have this continue. I have to think of a solution.?Zhou Wen’s mind kept racing, but the solutions he could think of when facing a Calamity-grade creature seemed very limited. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

It wasn’t that he didn’t have anything that could fight a Calamity-grade. Truth Listener and Immortal Culling Sword had the power to fight a Calamity-grade.

The problem was that he couldn’t summon Truth Listener. Using the Immortal Culling Sword required a large amount of Essence Energy to support it. Every use made Zhou Wen lose his combat strength.

As for the strength of Perfect Sword Immortal, it was clearly not a problem that could be resolved with one strike.

Furthermore, Zhou Wen had some concerns that prevented him from using the Immortal Culling Sword.

Previously, Perfect Sword Immortal had been able to control his invisible sword beams. Clearly, the other party was very proficient in sword-type powers. If the Immortal Culling Sword was controlled by the other party when he used it, Zhou Wen wouldn’t even have the time to cry.

What should I do? What should I do? Where did Sweetie go? Is she really going to watch me die??Zhou Wen was at his wits’ end as he thought of Sweetie.

Zhou Wen found it odd. Logically speaking, Sweetie shouldn’t allow him to die before figuring out the true situation of the candy box. However, Sweetie hadn’t taken action up to now as though she had no intention of saving him.

Although he didn’t know what was happening, Zhou Wen knew very well that he couldn’t count on her.

At that moment, Sweetie was in the sky with an anxious expression. She was indeed very powerful, and wasn’t really restricted while on Earth. However, there were some rules that she had to abide by. She was in a dilemma as to whether she should break the rules to save Zhou Wen.

If the rules were broken, the effect on Earth would be unimaginable.

Zhou Wen didn’t know this, but he was somewhat glad. He was glad that he had discovered that Sweetie wouldn’t help him. If he really went to Chess Mountain and realized that Sweetie didn’t care about his survival, it would be troublesome.

Although Perfect Sword Immortal was terrifying, Zhou Wen didn’t find him as terrifying as The Thearch.

In fact, Zhou Wen had seen a few Calamity-grade existences at the level of Perfect Sword Immortal. For example, Tsukuyomi, Drought Demon Fairy, Ant City’s Guardian, and so on. They didn’t feel any weaker than Perfect Sword Immortal.

The difference was that Tsukuyomi hadn’t fought Zhou Wen seriously. Drought Demon had held back for some reason. This made them appear less strong than Perfect Sword Immortal.

As for the Ant City Guardian, Zhou Wen had never defeated her before. Zhou Wen didn’t know how strong she was or how strong she would become in the future.

Quick, think of a solution… I have to think of a solution…?Zhou Wen didn’t have the time to let his imagination run wild. There were too many solid Essence Energy crystals and they were about to fill the Chaos Egg. If this continued, the Chaos Egg would probably explode.

It’s… It’s useless even if I absorb them… Even if my entire body is filled with a sea of energy, how much can I absorb… I’m afraid I’ll die from excessive eating before the Chaos Egg cracks… Hold on… Speaking of eating… I seem to have a glutton here…?Zhou Wen’s eyes suddenly lit up as he thought of Tyrant Behemoth.