Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1383: Fight to the Death

Translator: CKtalon

There was a very difficult technical problem for Tyrant Behemoth to devour the solid Essence Energy crystals in the Chaos Egg.

Zhou Wen had recognized this problem the last time the Chaos Egg was about to explode, but he ultimately chose to use the Immortal Culling Sword.

This was because the Chaos Egg was only effective against Zhou Wen. Furthermore, the space was extremely small. Even as Zhou Wen’s Companion Beast, it was impossible for it to enter the Chaos Egg and directly devour the solid crystals inside.

In the past, Zhou Wen had always absorbed the Essence Energy in the Chaos Egg before transferring it to his Companion Beasts. This problem had never been resolved.

However, things were somewhat different now. Although he hadn’t succeeded with his research on the infinite spatial circulation skill, the parts regarding spatial swapping and teleportation could resolve the current problem.

Zhou Wen only needed to leave a spatial mark in Tyrant Behemoth’s mouth. Even if he didn’t summon it, he could constantly send solid Essence Energy crystals into its mouth.

The only problem was that Zhou Wen still needed to summon Tyrant Behemoth first before leaving a spatial mark in its mouth. Then, he could constantly teleport solid Essence Energy crystals in.

Of course, this spatial mark couldn’t be exchanged with Tyrant Behemoth’s body. Thankfully, Zhou Wen’s research results had resolved this problem.

Zhou Wen could use the mark as the item of exchange instead of the marked item.

The sword beams outside shot out one after another. To unsummon the Chaos Egg and summon Tyrant Behemoth at such a time was clearly not an easy task. He had to do so under the risk of dying.

Thankfully, Zhou Wen still knew Spacetime Bandit. He could use it to cast the skill before unsummoning the Chaos Egg.

If he did it in tandem, he might be able to complete a series of actions at the same time and summon the Chaos Egg out again. This way, he would just be exposed for a short period of time and the risk would be minimized.

Of course, this was only a theory. Whether it could be done perfectly was still a question.

I can only take a gamble.?Zhou Wen wasn’t too confident, but the solid crystals in the Chaos Egg were about to fill up. He had to take a gamble.

Thankfully, the lotus flower sword beams released by Perfect Sword Immortal were almost depleted. Zhou Wen planned on using the moment when the lotus flower sword beams were expended and before Perfect Sword Immortal released a new skill to carry out his risky operations.

Now, Zhou Wen could only silently pray that Perfect Sword Immortal didn’t immediately cast other skills. Otherwise, he could only take the blow head-on.

Perfect Sword Immortal didn’t do anything new. He kept looking at the Chaos Egg. The lotus flower sword beams he released were probably something even ordinary Calamity-grade entities could hardly withstand.

Zhou Wen, who was at the Terror grade, was actually able to last for so long. Although he was using pure defensive powers, it was already extremely shocking. It made him increasingly feel that he had to strengthen Jiang Yan. Jiang Yan’s opponents were really powerful.

Zhou Wen silently waited for the last sword beam to strike the Chaos Egg as his heart involuntarily pounded.

There was nervousness and excitement. This extreme challenge in the face of danger made his numbed nerves abnormally active.

How fast is a Calamity-grade creature’s reaction speed? 100 milliseconds? 10 milliseconds or 1 millisecond??Zhou Wen didn’t know how fast Perfect Sword Immortal’s reaction was. Perhaps after he came out, he wouldn’t have the time to use any skills before he was blasted to death by a sword beam from Perfect Sword Immortal.

Therefore, Zhou Wen needed to consider everything and try his best to push each operation to the limit.

Boom!

The final sword beam struck the Chaos Egg, causing it to distort and shake. It was like a balloon that was filled with water that was being struck by a fist.

Thankfully, the Chaos Egg ultimately survived and wasn’t blasted apart by the sword beam. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Perfect Sword Immortal frowned slightly. Just as he was about to use a stronger attack to blast the Chaos Egg apart, he suddenly saw the Chaos Egg vanish at the moment the sword beam vanished.

When Perfect Sword Immortal saw Zhou Wen’s figure appear, he prepared to attack and eliminate him.

As Jiang Yan was relatively weak and was only at the Epic stage, he couldn’t withstand his possession for long. Therefore, he had to end the battle quickly. Otherwise, even if he won, Jiang Yan’s body would be crippled.

However, before Perfect Sword Immortal could take action, he heard Zhou Wen’s voice almost at the same time the Chaos Egg vanished. Zhou Wen had shouted with a roar: “Come out. Earth’s strongest Companion Beast.”

Perfect Sword Immortal wasn’t interested in what Zhou Wen had to say. All he wanted to do was kill Zhou Wen immediately, but when he heard Zhou Wen shout out the words “Earth’s strongest Companion Beast,” he subconsciously paused.

He naturally knew that it was impossible for Zhou Wen to have the strongest Companion Beast on Earth, but the entire dimension wanted Earth’s strongest Companion Beast. This name made him subconsciously want to see what Companion Beast Zhou Wen had summoned.

Boom!

Tyrant Behemoth was summoned by Zhou Wen. Its strong body landed on the ground, causing an earthquake.

Zhou Wen was overjoyed when he saw that Perfect Sword Immortal hadn’t immediately attacked. He immediately used Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping to inject the mark into Tyrant Behemoth’s mouth.

When Perfect Sword Immortal saw Zhou Wen’s actions, he immediately realized that something was amiss. He instantly condensed a sword beam and shot it out. The sword beam flashed and vanished without a trace.

Zhou Wen summoned Tyrant Behemoth back almost at the same time and used the Chaos Egg again.

Even so, he was still a step too slow. The sword beam from Perfect Sword Immortal stabbed into Zhou Wen’s heart before the Chaos Egg appeared.

The Chaos Egg enveloped Zhou Wen’s body, but his chest was penetrated by the sword beam. The sword beam looked like a purple ancient sword as Zhou Wen seemed to be wrapped in lightning.

Zhou Wen’s heart was pierced, but he didn’t feel any pain.

Ah!?Suddenly, Zhou Wen felt an electric current flow out of the sword beam, causing his entire body to twitch as though he was having a fit.

To be fooled by Zhou Wen made Perfect Sword Immortal’s expression turn cold. He stared at the Chaos Egg and said coldly, “The sword beam you are struck with is the Heavenly Tribulation Sword. Although it won’t kill you immediately, it will release nine Heavenly Tribulation lightning bolts. The first bolt will destroy your body; the second bolt will slice through your bones; the third bolt will kill you, and the fourth bolt will destroy your soul… Even an Apocalypse-grade expert can’t withstand the pain of the nine Heavenly Tribulations. If you come out now, you can die a quick death. If you continue hiding, you will probably wish you were dead…”

“At the very least, I’m not dead,” Zhou Wen said through gritted teeth.

He had done his best, but had still been injured by Perfect Sword Immortal. This was a difference in strength that was out of Zhou Wen’s control.

Thankfully, as Perfect Sword Immortal hadn’t attacked immediately, he didn’t have the time to release his other skills. He only used the fastest Heavenly Tribulation Sword, or Zhou Wen would have already been dead.

At the end of the day, Zhou Wen had managed to win himself a chance for survival.. Just as he said, he wasn’t dead yet.