Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1390: Terror-grade Combat Strength

Translator: CKtalon

“All the swords in the world might be under your jurisdiction, but this sword of mine isn’t,” Zhou Wen said as he slashed out with the Immortal Culling Sword again.

It was an onslaught of sword aura!

Zhou Wen felt Slaughterer constantly spew out Essence Energy. After the Immortal Culling Sword—which had extremely high Essence Energy requirements—accepted the endless Essence Energy, it trembled and hummed.

It was like a parched land’s desire for rain, the satisfaction of a hungry wolf when it ate meat.

The Immortal Culling Sword had been thirsty and hungry for too long. Zhou Wen’s Essence Energy in the past wasn’t enough to power it. Every time Zhou Wen had used the Immortal Culling Sword, it was like giving a person dying of thirst a drop of water. Not only did this drop of water not quench his thirst, but it only made him yearn for more.

Hum! Hum!

Under Zhou Wen’s brandishing, the Immortal Culling Sword produced a humming sword hum as it slashed out sword beams.

Perfect Sword Immortal condensed sword beams to fight Zhou Wen, but he was alarmed to discover that his sword beams were restrained by Zhou Wen’s sword beams. It was like a mortal weapon encountering a divine weapon that could slice through steel as though it was mud. Anything would be sliced apart the moment it came into contact with it.

Retreat! Another retreat!

Perfect Sword Immortal was alarmed to discover that he could only retreat again and again under Zhou Wen’s sword.

He wanted to counterattack with his sword, but for some reason, Zhou Wen’s sword technique made him uncomfortable. It was like a sword beam restraining his sword radiance. It made him feel uncomfortable—he was unable to unleash his full combat strength.

Perfect Sword Immortal suddenly had a feeling—a subconscious feeling—as though he was afraid of Zhou Wen. This fear was in his bones, like it was a part of his nature.

What… What’s going on… A Terror-grade… Just a Terror-grade human… How can this be… How can this be…?The eyes of Perfect Sword Immortal flickered as cracks appeared in his defenses. Terror constantly spread in his heart.

Blood Shaman and Uesugi Nao, who were watching from afar, stared blankly.

Zhou Wen is Human Sovereign!?Uesugi Nao watched as Zhou Wen’s sword forced Perfect Sword Immortal into a retreat. The powerful Perfect Sword Immortal that left one in despair was completely suppressed, as though he didn’t even have the chance to counterattack.

“He… is at the Terror grade, right?” Blood Shaman said with a strange expression.

No one could answer him. Only the earth-shattering sword aura and sword hum echoed in the world.

Zhou Wen felt as though he was in an invincible state. It wasn’t just because the Immortal Culling Sword had erupted with powerful combat strength, but more because of the power Slaughterer and the advancement to the Terror grade had given him.

In the past, Zhou Wen needed to make all kinds of observations and plans to deduce the enemy’s weakness, but now, it seemed very natural. Without needing much observation, he could attack his opponent’s weakness as though it had become an instinct.

This instinct wasn’t without reason, but a judgment based on some rules.

It was like learning a math formula. No matter how varied the questions were, as long as one grasped the formulas, they could obtain answers without looking at all possible questions.

Now, Zhou Wen was such an example. He didn’t need to see the weaknesses of all creatures to determine his opponent’s weaknesses.

This feeling was simply intoxicating. It was as though he could see through everything at a glance. It felt like God.

Together with the power unleashed by the Immortal Culling Sword, as well as its ability to restrain immortals, along with Zhou Wen’s Heart Defying Sword Art, he forcefully suppressed Perfect Sword Immortal to the point of him being unable to counterattack. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

If it wasn’t for the fact that the body belonged to Jiang Yan, the Immortal Culling Sword would have killed Perfect Sword Immortal.

Perfect Sword Immortal seemed to notice this as well. He stopped defending and transformed into a sword beam, hoping to escape.

Although Zhou Wen’s speed wasn’t as fast as Perfect Sword Immortal, he had the help of spatial teleportation. After Slaughterer advanced to the Terror grade, Zhou Wen experienced a tremendous change.

This change didn’t only improve his physique a little. In fact, it had a greater effect on his other Terror transformation abilities.

For example, in his true Terror form, he could use the Godfiend Era’s instant transmission almost instantly. It wasn’t like before where there was an obvious pause.

For example, using Singularity Universe’s teleportation ability greatly increased accuracy.

The other Terror transformation abilities seemed to be augmented by a halo under Zhou Wen’s Terror transformation. They were greatly enhanced.

Zhou Wen could virtually instant transmit an infinite number of times, so he managed to catch up to the Calamity-grade Perfect Sword Immortal. He constantly slashed out with the Immortal Culling Sword, forcing Perfect Sword Immortal to dodge in a sorry state.

Perfect Sword Immortal had also attempted to let the Immortal Culling Sword slash at Jiang Yan’s body, but he was alarmed to discover that after the Immortal Culling Sword injured Jiang Yan’s body, it carried a strange power. The power directly injured his immortal body, but it didn’t injure Jiang Yan’s body. It was as though it was a power born to deal with immortals.

Perfect Sword Immortal was alarmed, unhinged with anger. He never expected to end up in such a sorry state on his descent to Earth.

“Zhou Wen, Jiang Yan, I’ll remember you.” Perfect Sword Immortal wanted to escape Jiang Yan’s body and return to the dimension.

However, he was even more alarmed to discover that he couldn’t leave Jiang Yan’s body. The floral armor-like Fairy Burial seemed to have some mysterious power that imprisoned the soul that had descended into Jiang Yan’s body.

How can this be!?Perfect Sword Immortal felt extreme regret. He never expected that his casual decision would result in his death.

It was already impossible to destroy Fairy Burial.

This was because the Fairy Burial armor had already fused with the Skyimmortal armor. As for the Skyimmortal armor, it was a Calamity-grade armor that the Perfect Sword Immortal had helped advance. Furthermore, in the battle with Zhou Wen, he had sent a large amount of Immortal Essence sword aura into the Skyimmortal armor. Now, the Skyimmortal armor was truly at the Calamity grade.

Coupled with the fusion with Fairy Burial, it had the power to restrain Perfect Sword Immortal’s Essence Energy, preventing him from suicidally destroying Jiang Yan’s body.

“Don’t you think it’s too late to leave now?” Jiang Yan said, finally regaining partial control.

Perfect Sword Immortal immediately felt that things were going south, but it was too late. Jiang Yan unleashed the power of Fairy Burial again and temporarily regained control of his body.

This time, Zhou Wen didn’t miss the opportunity. The Immortal Culling Sword left his hand and transformed into a sword beam that instantly pierced through Perfect Sword Immortal’s body, pinning him to the mountain wall.

The power of Immortal Culling Sword instantly spread across Perfect Sword Immortal’s body. The power was extremely harmful to him, but it didn’t deal much damage to Jiang Yan’s body.

Zhou Wen had already discovered this in the battle just now. Although the Immortal Culling Sword could kill other creatures with similarly powerful destructive power, it had a special lethality against Perfect Sword Immortal.

When it injured ordinary creatures, the wound wouldn’t continue extending, but it was different for Perfect Sword Immortal.. After injuring him, the wound would continue to damage his immortal body.