Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1392: Blood Spirits

The Yang City dungeon had happened to finish refreshing, so Zhou Wen entered it with Tyrant Behemoth.

Due to his previous experience, Zhou Wen didn’t dare touch the blood bone temples. All he did was make Tyrant Behemoth enter its Terror form—the Tyrant state.

The Terror-form Tyrant Behemoth instantly became as huge as a mountain. A crown appeared on its head as its black iron-like body suffused a red glow.

Its eyes suffused a red glow as a red glow also shimmered in its mouth. It looked like a devil that shimmered with a sanguine glow in the dark night.

Boom!

Tyrant Behemoth landed. As it was so huge, it stepped onto a blood bone temple.

Terror-grade creatures immediately rushed out of the blood bone temple, transforming into terrifying blood shadows that charged at Tyrant Behemoth.

Although Zhou Wen felt that Tyrant Behemoth couldn’t defeat the dozen or so Terror-grade creatures, he had no intention of helping. He wanted to see how powerful Tyrant Behemoth was.

More than ten Terror-grade blood shadows rushed over from different directions. Tyrant Behemoth roared at the sky as the sanguine light over its body transformed into blood flames that burned around its body.

Tyrant Behemoth suddenly exerted strength at a terrifying speed. As its massive body moved, it produced afterimages.

Bang!

A Terror-grade blood shadow suspected to be a Whirl Turtle was pierced through by Tyrant Behemoth’s claw. Its sharp claws sank into its body as it roared and ripped its body apart. Then, it picked up the corpse and threw it into its mouth. It chewed a few times before swallowing. It was as violent as a devil. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Kill! Kill! Kill!

Zhou Wen watched Tyrant Behemoth fight the group alone with no inkling of what retreat was. It ignored the enemy’s attacks and seemed to only have eyes for its opponents.

Absolute Strength at the Terror grade was too powerful. In a head-on clash, no Terror-grade creature was Tyrant Behemoth’s match. They were either torn apart by Tyrant Behemoth or smashed into meat paste.

However, Tyrant Behemoth kept attacking without delivering any defensive manuveurs. It was also hit by many forces. Although its body was very powerful, it didn’t have Absolute Defense. It still suffered quite a number of injuries and some of them were rather serious.

A blood shadow that resembled an ox or a goat slammed into Tyrant Behemoth’s waist. The horns that were more than ten meters long stabbed right in.

Tyrant Behemoth let out a tragic cry before grabbing the blood shadow and pulling it in front of it. It grabbed its head with one hand and its tail with the other before pulling.

Zhou Wen watched as the blood shadow’s body gradually extended. Amidst the inhuman screams, its body snapped like a rubber band as blood spewed everywhere.

Tyrant Behemoth fought crazily. What surprised Zhou Wen was that its injuries healed extremely quickly. It could even be said to be abnormally fast.

Under the siege of the Terror-grade creatures, Tyrant Behemoth became more and more ferocious. It didn’t weaken because of its injuries. Instead, as the blood shadows’ numbers decreased, their position of disadvantage became more and more obvious.

After carefully observing for a while, Zhou Wen realized that Tyrant Behemoth could quickly recover from its injuries not because its physique was strong, but because it had devoured many opponents in battle.

The energy obtained from its opponent quickly healed its body. It was simply nourishing itself with food. As long as the injuries on its body weren’t fatal and as long as it had something to eat, it was almost a perpetual motion machine.

This fellow’s combat style is so strange! However, Absolute Strength is really useful. At the same level, Tyrant Behemoth is almost an invincible existence.?The more Zhou Wen watched, the more he liked it. He only felt that Tyrant Behemoth’s body was a little weak. If it could have Absolute Defense, it would be perfect.

Unfortunately, Absolute Defense was Prisoned Dragon’s ability. It was unlikely it would appear on Tyrant Behemoth.

After understanding Tyrant Behemoth’s true strength, Zhou Wen realized that something was amiss. Tyrant Behemoth had already killed nearly ten Terror-grade blood shadows, but no items had dropped.

There wasn’t even a single dimensional crystal, much less Companion Eggs.

Zhou Wen glanced at the game’s notification box and realized that the in-game notifications were ‘Killed XXX’s Blood Spirit.” Only then did Zhou Wen come to a realization. The blood shadows here weren’t the true legendary Terror creatures. They were just undead.

There was no problem with being undead, but the problem was that nothing dropped. This left Zhou Wen depressed. He attempted to activate some blood bone temples and killed the blood shadows, but the outcome was the same. Nothing dropped.

What crappy dungeon is this? It doesn’t drop anything.?Zhou Wen was greatly disappointed.

He originally imagined that he had found a treasure ground that could spawn some Terror-grade Companion Eggs, but nothing dropped.

However, Zhou Wen knew that there was definitely something impressive in such a strange place. More importantly, he didn’t know if he could kill the Calamity creature guarding it.

Without the Immortal Culling Sword in-game, Zhou Wen could only rely on himself and his Companion Beasts in battle.

Since I’m already here, let me see what secrets are hidden in Yang City.?Zhou Wen summoned Banana Fairy, Demonic Neonate, and other Companion Beasts and stormed in.

There were many Terror-grade blood shadows here, and Zhou Wen had quite a number of Terror-grade Companion Beasts. Furthermore, they were all excellent. Every one of them could fight a group alone.

Zhou Wen watched for a while before he suddenly thought of something.

The Blood Spirits here were likely transformed from the wraiths of the Classic of Mountains and Seas beasts killed during the reign of Yu the Great. The strength of the Blood Spirits is naturally far inferior to the true Classic of Mountains and Seas beasts.

Zhou Wen even saw a phoenix-like Blood Spirit, but its strength was only considered top-notch at the Terror grade. It was probably much weaker than a real phoenix.

Such a Blood Spirit didn’t drop anything, so it could be said to be useless to others.

However, Zhou Wen had The Disqualified which had the ability to sense his opponent’s weakness. This ability actually required a certain level of support. If it was a creature that Zhou Wen had never seen before, the effects of the ability would be much weaker.

Although the Blood Spirits here were much weaker than their original versions, their abilities weren’t fake. All Zhou Wen needed to do was familiarize himself with their abilities and attributes. When he encountered a true Classic of Mountains and Seas beast, he could directly sense their weaknesses. It was equivalent to knowing their weaknesses in advance.

This ain’t too bad.?Zhou Wen originally found it pointless, but after this discovery, he became interested and carefully observed the abilities of every Blood Spirit.

As he was observing, a strange temple appeared in front of him.

In Yang City, the buildings Zhou Wen had seen were made of blood bones, but the temple in front of him wasn’t made of bones or clay bricks. It was a stone temple.

Tyrant Behemoth was still burning with its killing fervor as it charged forward. Just as it was about to approach the stone temple, its door suddenly opened. A bull was lying inside.