Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1410: The Great Tyrant Behemoth

Tyrant Behemoth’s Life Providence gave it immense strength, augmenting it greatly. It was very compatible with Tyrant Behemoth who had Absolute Strength.

Zhou Wen was wondering what Life Providence he should add to Tyrant Behemoth if he could make it have dual Life Providences.

He wondered whether to add an offensive Life Providence, a defensive Life Providence, or a support-type Life Providence.

If it was a defensive-type, Life Providences like Undying Body and Unbreakable were very useful. If one could be obtained, it would be of great help to Tyrant Behemoth’s survivability.

However, the owners of these two Life Providences were Zhou Wen’s main Companion Beasts. Zhou Wen couldn’t bear to use them as bloodline materials for Tyrant Behemoth.

It was fine if he succeeded, but if he failed, it would be a huge loss.

Therefore, Zhou Wen could only choose low-level Companion Beasts as fodder. Life Providences of low-level Companion Beasts weren’t necessarily bad. In fact, many low-level Companion Beasts had very powerful Life Providences. It was only because their levels were too low that they couldn’t showcase their true might.

For example, the Mutated Overlord Snake’s Born Overlord was a very powerful Life Providence. It augmented one’s physique, especially their strength.

Tyrant Behemoth was a Strength-type Companion Beast. If it had the Life Providence of Born Overlord, its Strength would probably be off the charts.

There was also the Yin-Yang Purple Air Bell’s Mountain River Absorption. Coupled with a glutton like Tyrant Behemoth, it would be rather impressive. However, during the fusion process, Zhou Wen had wiped out Tyrant Behemoth’s default Mountain Consuming skill. Otherwise, it would be a pretty good choice.

Apart from that, there was Primordial Spore’s Eternal Immortality and the Great Might Vajra Bull’s Extreme Might, Extreme Strength Life Providence—both extremely powerful Life Providences.

However, Zhou Wen really couldn’t bear to use these rare Companion Beasts as supplementary material. They were unique existences that would probably be difficult to find after fusing them.

I should check all of my low-level Companion Beasts.?Zhou Wen looked through all the low-level Companion Beasts he had obtained and saw quite a number of powerful Life Providences, but there weren’t many that were compatible with Tyrant Behemoth.

After some choosing, Zhou Wen still felt that Born Overlord or Mountain River Absorption were most suitable.

However, Zhou Wen had used all the Mutated Overlord Snake Companion Beasts for skill fusion. He didn’t have any on hand. Instead, he had the Yin-Yang Purple Air Bell. As its level was relatively low, it was useless now.

I’ll try using the Yin-Yang Purple Air Bell. After all, the success rate of the bloodline function is very low. If I fail, I’ll farm Mutated Overlord Snakes in the future.?Zhou Wen found the Yin-Yang Purple Air Bell and placed it in the Bloodline fusion column as a material before clicking on ‘fuse.’

The Yin-Yang Purple Air Bell immediately transformed into a ball of light that flew towards Tyrant Behemoth and fused into its body.

Zhou Wen didn’t have much hope because he had previously attempted the Bloodline function many times to no avail. Today, he was just taking advantage of his good luck and was happy to give it a try.

System Notice: Tyrant Behemoth has successfully fused a bloodline. Obtained Life Providence: Mountain River Devouring. Activated Tyrant Behemoth Bloodline. Obtained Talent Skill: Mountain Devouring. Obtained Talent Skill: Rampage. Obtained Talent Skill: Behemoth.

Zhou Wen was dumbfounded. After a while, he reacted and hurriedly opened Tyrant Behemoth’s information.

Tyrant Behemoth: Terror (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Extreme Strength, Mountain River Absorption

Life Soul: Violent Crown

Wheel of Destiny: Absolute Strength

Terror Form: Tyrant

Strength: 82

Speed: 82

Constitution: 82

Essence Energy: 82 FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Talent Skill: Mountain Consuming, Rampage, Behemoth, Armor Breaker, Penetration, Ripping, Poison Fang, Bite, Ever-Victorious, Unstoppable.

Companion Form: Boxing Glove

This… This is way too strong…?Zhou Wen was so happy that he couldn’t close his mouth.

With ten skills and two Life Providences, Tyrant Behemoth was now a unique excellent-grade Companion Beast. It was almost impossible for it to exist in reality.

Zhou Wen couldn’t wait to know how powerful Tyrant Behemoth was.

After opening the Yang City dungeon and entering the game, Zhou Wen didn’t let Tyrant Behemoth turn into a glove and instead had it appear in its original form.

A hundred-meter-long snake Blood Spirit rushed out of a blood bone temple. Tyrant Behemoth took a step forward and its body instantly became as huge as a mountain. Its claws extended out like lightning and grabbed the snake’s neck.

The originally gigantic snake body was like a loach in Tyrant Behemoth’s claw. No matter how it struggled, it couldn’t escape.

The snake’s body wrapped around Tyrant Behemoth’s arm. Tyrant Behemoth used all its strength to snap the snake’s bones, separating the snake’s head from its body.

Way too violent!?With a thought from Zhou Wen, sword beams shot out and struck many blood bone temples like a storm. Immediately, hundreds of Terror-grade Blood Spirits roared and charged out.

Among the Blood Spirits were many primordial behemoths. They were huge, but in front of Tyrant Behemoth in its behemoth form, they didn’t seem big at all.

It was as though some ordinary behemoths were attacking a behemoth king. Tyrant Behemoth looked like a super boss no matter how one looked at it.

Zhou Wen watched as Tyrant Behemoth tore the Blood Spirits into pieces with a swipe of its claws. It swallowed several Blood Spirits with a single mouthful. Such a boss-like demeanor made him have the urge to fight the boss and loot whatever drops he had.

Despite both being at the Terror grade, Tyrant Behemoth’s suppression of the Blood Spirits was like a Calamity-grade suppression of a Terror-grade creature. It looked like a creature on a completely different level.

This fellow is too powerful! My luck is so good today. I should try it again!?Zhou Wen got Tyrant Behemoth to kill the Blood Spirit while he activated the Bloodline function. He wanted to see if he could fuse Prisoned Dragon’s Life Providence.

Prisoned Dragon had the Unbreakable Life Providence. If he gave it a Life Providence like Vajra Body, its defense would definitely rise to a whole new level.

Zhou Wen used the Vajra Malla as material and used the Bloodline function on Prisoned Dragon.

‘Bloodline fusion failed… Bloodline fusion failed… Bloodline fusion failed…’

Zhou Wen tried several times and used up all the Vajra Malla Companion Beasts he had, but he failed to succeed.

Why is my luck gone just like that!?Zhou Wen was somewhat depressed.

Tyrant Behemoth was surrounded by hordes of Blood Spirits. As it was too large, it couldn’t deal with every angle. Many Blood Spirits pounced on it and bit it.

Zhou Wen was just about to help Tyrant Behemoth when he suddenly saw a sanguine glow emit from Tyrant Behemoth’s body. A blood-colored crown appeared on its head as it opened its mouth and sucked at its surroundings.

The surrounding Blood Spirits were sucked into its bottomless mouth. Without even chewing, it swallowed them.

Sick!?Despite being at the same Terror grade, Zhou Wen felt that Tyrant Behemoth’s destructive power was more powerful than his.