Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1412: Tripod Cauldron

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen originally had plans of trying it out with a random Companion Beast, but considering how difficult it was to receive the Samsara Stone as a drop, it didn’t seem right for it to be used on trash. After some thought, he found a relatively useful Companion Beast—Great Mighty Vajra Bull—to experiment with.

After the Great Might Vajra Bull turned into a Companion Egg, Zhou Wen looked at its stats.

Great Vajra Bull: Mortal (Evolvable)

Strength: 11

Speed: 11

Constitution: 11

Essence Energy: 11

Talent Skill: Great Might Divine Horns, Fury of Thunder, Infallible Vajra, Buddha Flames.

Companion Form: Mount

Although the Great Might Vajra Bull was at the Mythical stage, it didn’t have any evolvable attributes. Now that it has an evolvable attribute, it has a chance of breaking through to the Mythical stage in the future. So this is the effect of the Samsara Stone.?Zhou Wen thought for a moment and felt that this might not only be the sole effect of the Samsara Stone. Perhaps there were other effects that weren’t apparent to him yet. After all, the Great Might Vajra Bull had been reduced to the Mortal stage. There were still plenty of unknowns.

However, a Mortal Companion Beast with four skills was considered one of the best at the Mortal stage.

After hatching the Great Might Vajra Bull again, Zhou Wen began studying the Kui skill crystal.

Kui Crystal: Requires music-type Terror transformation ability, Essence Energy 99, Constitution 99.

This wasn’t a high requirement, but Zhou Wen didn’t have any music-type Terror transformation ability. He remembered that music-type skills in the past required spatial abilities. Why did the Kui only require music-type abilities? This made him lose the possibility of absorbing it.

Although he couldn’t bear to part with the skill crystal, Zhou Wen had no choice but to throw it away since he couldn’t absorb it.

In any case, he already had the ability to kill the Kui. He still had a chance of getting it in the future, so he didn’t feel the pinch.

After packing up, Zhou Wen walked towards the stone temple.

With Yang City being so strange, it was definitely not an ordinary dimensional zone. Perhaps there was some peerless treasure.

If there was really any treasure, it was probably in the stone temple. The other places were all blood bone temples.

When he arrived in front of the stone temple, the Minor Heavenly Cycle Killing Formation around Zhou Wen activated. He stood at the door and looked inside.

The decorations in the ancient temple were very simple—stone platforms and stone tables. The accessories and objects inside were basically all stone.

However, there was a bronze tripod cauldron on the stone platform that looked out of place with the surrounding stone tools.

Zhou Wen carefully observed the bronze tripod cauldron and saw that there were patterns of mountains and beasts engraved on it. The mountains and beasts looked familiar as though he had seen them somewhere before.

Could this thing be a Nine Province Tripod??Zhou Wen thought of the legend regarding Yu the Great.

After Yu the Great controlled the waters, he established the first hereditary dynasty in the history of the East District, Xia, so Yu the Great was also known as King Yu of the Xia Dynasty.

All the vassals fought to present their gifts and gathered all the bronze in the world, bringing them to Yang City. Yu the Great melted all the bronze in the world into one furnace and forged the Nine Province Tripods, completing an unprecedented achievement.

This was Yang City. There was another bronze tripod cauldron in the stone temple. Furthermore, according to what Zhou Wen knew, every Nine Province Tripod had the famous mountains and rivers of the state engraved on it. They were mutated beasts and birds.

The symbols on the bronze tripod cauldron looked rather familiar. It was likely famous landscapes and beasts. However, due to the abstract carvings, Zhou Wen was momentarily unable to put his finger on them.

However, there were nine Nine Province Tripods. Zhou Wen searched the stone temple a few times, but there was only one tripod cauldron. He didn’t find any of the other eight.

If it’s really the Nine Province Tripod, it should be a huge treasure!?Zhou Wen carefully walked into the ancient temple with the Minor Heavenly Cycle Killing Formation activated.

Truth Listener constantly scanned the stone temple, but it didn’t discover anything abnormal. Zhou Wen circled the temple with the Minor Heavenly Cycle Killing Formation, but he didn’t trigger any danger.

Strange. Is there only one Calamity-grade Kui in Yang City??Zhou Wen was very suspicious.

Although the Calamity-grade Kui was very strong, Yu the Great had once killed many monsters from the Classic of Mountains and Seas. There were so many Blood Spirits and this was his lair. There shouldn’t be only one Calamity-grade creature guarding it.

I remember now. It’s said that King Xia of the Yu Dynasty moved the capital out of Yang City. Could it be that the other eight tripod cauldrons were also moved away? Only this tripod cauldron and a guarding Kui were left behind??Zhou Wen guessed as he reached out to touch the bronze tripod cauldron.

Regardless of whether the bronze tripod was a Nine Province Tripod, it was definitely extraordinary for it to appear in such a place and be consecrated in the stone temple.

Zhou Wen carefully touched the bronze tripod cauldron, but when his fingertip reached it, he didn’t touch anything. His fingertip went through it.

Zhou Wen was first taken aback before he realized what was happening. He extended his hand and touched the bronze tripod cauldron a few more times, but the bronze tripod cauldron was like a phantom. He swept his arm randomly, but he couldn’t touch it at all.

This bronze tripod cauldron is likely the same as the Fire God Platform’s stone saber. Only in reality can I touch it.?Zhou Wen looked at the bronze tripod cauldron with a complicated expression. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Zhou Wen had seen a few similar things before. They were all extraordinary things. Even The Thearch wanted the stone saber on Fire God Platform. Unfortunately, no one could pull it out.

Zhou Wen could only pull out the stone saber after cultivating the Human Sovereign Sutra. Without cultivating the Human Sovereign Sutra, no matter how strong he was, it was impossible for him to pull it out.

Although I know that these things are treasures, they should be things that hold down a dimensional zone. If I really take them away, I’m afraid it will immediately cause chaos, Zhou Wen thought.

He even wondered that if he really took away the bronze tripod cauldron, would the blood bone temples in Yang City result in the revival of real Classic of Mountains and Seas creatures? If that was the case, anyone would die upon contact. Ignoring Luoyang, the entire Federation would be doomed.

A real Classic of Mountains and Seas creature was definitely not something those Blood Spirits could compare with.

Forget it. It’s best I don’t cause trouble.?Zhou Wen gave up on the idea of heading to Yang City in real life to retrieve the tripod cauldron. He circled the stone temple a few more times and didn’t find anything good. All he could do was leave Yang City and continue grinding other dungeons.

…

In a hall in the Holy Land, many Saints knelt on the ground. On the throne in the hall sat a figure wearing holy armor. Holy light surrounded him, making him look like a holy god.

However, the helmet and visor covered his face, preventing anyone from seeing his face. They could only sense his holiness and strength, making them involuntarily prostrate themselves in worship.

“The Venusian Companion Beast must belong to the Holy Land. Who is willing to bring it back?” the holy powerhouse swept his gaze at the Saints and said indifferently.

“We are willing to go.” All the Saints looked up and requested to be deployed. Only one Saint remained kneeling there with his head lowered without a word.

“Xiao, are you unwilling?” Holy God’s gaze landed on the Saint as he asked with interest.

“It’s not that I’m unwilling, but I’m unable to do so.” Xiao had his head lowered, but his tone was neither obsequious nor supercilious.

“If I say you can, you can.” Holy God got up and walked down the jade platform. He came in front of Xiao and extended his right palm. He placed it in front of Xiao and said, “Do you believe me?”

“I believe you.” Xiao looked up with a firm gaze. He extended his right hand and placed it on Holy God’s palm.

A strange light rose between their palms.