Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1413: Tai Sui God

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen held a metal ball in his hand and was taking pictures with his phone.

This metal ball was a reward that flew out of the Golden Palace after he cleared the Venusian dimensional zone. It was said to be a Companion Egg.

However, when Zhou Wen attempted to hatch it, there was no reaction at all. He used his phone to snap a picture, but there was no reaction. He couldn’t store it in-game, nor could he see its information.

Is this thing really a Companion Egg??Zhou Wen was somewhat suspicious.

However, it was said that every creature that cleared the dungeon obtained a metal ball. Only the metal ball obtained by the final victor was the Venusian Companion Beast.

Although the other metal balls would also hatch Companion Beasts, there was no guarantee of their levels and qualities. They might have decent levels, but they might also be very low-level Companion Beasts.

If this is really a Companion Egg, it’s impossible for the mysterious phone to not react to it. Furthermore, it was obtained from getting first place. It’s just the difference in order. It should be difficult for Venus to tell who will get first in the end. It so happens that I can give him the Venusian Companion Egg…?After some thought, Zhou Wen felt that the metal ball was likely not a Companion Egg but a carrier. Only when it determined who was first would Venus inject the true strongest Companion Beast into one of the metal balls.

Of course, this was only Zhou Wen’s guess.

After putting away the metal ball, Zhou Wen was about to grind when he suddenly felt a strange heat coming from his body. After carefully sensing it, he realized that the heat was from Tai Sui.

Tai Sui has advanced??Zhou Wen was delighted. On careful look, it had indeed completed its evolution.

Using his phone to look at Tai Sui’s information, it had advanced to the Terror grade.

Tai Sui: Terror (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Clashing Tai Sui

Life Soul: Twelve Tai Sui Gods

Wheel of Destiny: Longevity Seed

Terror Form: Tai Sui God

Strength: 82

Speed: 82

Constitution: 82

Essence Energy: 82

Talent Skill: Earth Escape

Companion Form: Mimicry

Apart from another Terror transformation, there didn’t seem to be much of a change.

When he summoned Tai Sui, it was still white and tender. It was like a white rubber ball as it rolled around on the ground and bounced around. People who didn’t know better would think that it was a toy ball for children. They would never expect it to be a Terror-grade Companion Beast.

Tai Sui’s defense isn’t bad and its self-healing ability is excellent, but its offensive strength is too weak. Apart from having a strong restraining effect on microorganisms, it doesn’t have much lethality against slightly bigger creatures. Could this Tai Sui God skill be targeted at microorganisms??Zhou Wen ordered Tai Sui to use its Terror transformation ability.

Just as Zhou Wen was wondering what was different about the Terror-form Tai Sui, he saw its body emit a golden glow.

How blinding!?Even Zhou Wen had no choice but to cover his eyes with his hand. The light was just too blinding.

Zhou Wen thought to himself,?From the looks of it, Tai Sui will undergo a huge change after it transforms into its Terror form. Don’t tell me it will directly take human form? What will it look like if it transforms into a human form? From its original appearance, it should look fair and chubby when it transforms into a human. Perhaps it’s a fatty… That’s not right. Its Terror transformation is Tai Sui God. To be called a god, it should be an extremely mighty existence, right? From the golden light, it might be a handsome god in golden armor…

As Zhou Wen thought about it, the golden light over Tai Sui’s body gradually dimmed. Soon, it completely vanished, revealing Tai Sui’s true body.

Zhou Wen took a careful look and nearly vomited blood. Tai Sui was still as white and fat as before. Ignoring the fact that it hadn’t transformed into a human, its size hadn’t changed at all.

Zhou Wen circled Tai Sui a few times before finally discovering a golden symbol on its body. Zhou Wen didn’t recognize the symbol. It felt like a musical note, but it wasn’t completely the same.

Attack!?

After entering Chess Mountain’s instance dungeon, Zhou Wen got Tai Sui to attack. He wanted to see what changes there would be after the Terror transformation.

Although its appearance hadn’t changed much, it might have become very powerful internally. The golden symbol might be able to shoot out terrifying lasers or something.

Upon receiving Zhou Wen’s order, Tai Sui immediately jumped up with all its might and charged at the group of fake immortals in Deer Terrace Pavilion.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

Tai Sui bounced off the fake immortals one by one with great might. Its speed was really fast. It bounced several times on each fake immortal like it was a billiard ball.

Zhou Wen watched Tai Sui bounce back as the fake immortals stood there motionless. He thought to himself,?Could it be that Tai Sui has gained a strange offensive power after advancing? It can kill others in bizarre ways. They will be killed as long as they touch it? In that case, I’ve made a killing.

As he was in thought, the fake immortals suddenly moved. They weren’t dead at all.

Not only did they not die, but they also became even more ferocious. They cried out as though they had gone berserk and charged at Tai Sui.

Bam!

One of the fake immortals kicked Tai Sui away.

Holy sh*t… What the hell… Not only has it not become stronger… Why do I feel like it has become weaker… Those fake immortals are only fox demons or chicken spirits. They are at most at the Mythical stage…?Zhou Wen nearly blew a gasket.

He originally hoped that Tai Sui could undergo a qualitative transformation after advancing to the Terror grade and become an important combat force for him, but to his surprise, this fellow became weaker after the evolution. He couldn’t even defeat some ordinary lesser demons.

Great!?Zhou Wen killed the fake immortals in Deer Terrace Pavilion.

However, Zhou Wen still discovered some problems. The combat strength of these fake immortals seemed to be much stronger than before. This was new.

Could it be that Tai Sui’s Terror transformation has the effect of augmenting one’s combat strength? But why would this effect augment the enemy??Zhou Wen thought to himself. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Thankfully, although Tai Sui’s offensive strength wasn’t very good, its body was indeed top-notch at the Terror grade. It wasn’t injured at all after being kicked out. It quickly bounced back.

Zhou Wen got the blood-colored avatar to touch Tai Sui, hoping to see if it really had the ability to enhance one’s combat strength. If it could enhance one’s combat strength, it would make for very good support.

When the blood-colored avatar touched Tai Sui, it immediately felt a strange force augment its body. The feeling was indescribable as though a god had possessed it.

Zhou Wen controlled the blood-colored avatar to charge into Deer Terrace Pavilion and casually killed the group of fake immortals, Nine-Headed Pheasant Spirit, and Lute Spirit. He felt that his Speed, Strength, and other aspects had been greatly augmented. Even his skills had become ferocious, making him twice as strong as usual.

Tai Sui’s ability actually augments every aspect.. That’s very powerful!?Zhou Wen went from sadness to joy as he couldn’t stop smiling.