Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1434: Yin Yang Wyrms

Golden Wyrm: Calamity (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Metal Life

Life Soul: Gold Essence

Wheel of Destiny: Love is Stronger than Gold.

Terror Form: Yang Blade (S-grade)

Calamity Zone: True Gold Fire Refinement (Human Realm)

Strength: 100

Speed: 100

Constitution: 100

Essence Energy: 100

Talent Skill: Midas Touch, Strangle, Unstoppable, Dominance Body

Companion Form: Shear (Yang)

The stats and skills of the two Companion Beasts were the same. However, the first one’s Terror transformation was Yin Blade. The companion form was also a Yin attribute, and this one’s Terror transformation was Yang Blade. The companion form was a Yang attribute.

They were clearly Companion Beasts born from the same energy. One was of the Yin attribute, while the other was of the Yang attribute. Zhou Wen really didn’t understand how it was split.

In any case, Zhou Wen had the Companion Beasts on hand, so he couldn’t be bothered to think through it. He hatched the Companion Eggs.

Calamity-grade Companion Beasts were potent. Zhou Wen felt the Essence Energy in his body surge into the Companion Egg as though a dam had been breached. If Zhou Wen didn’t have Slaughterer’s massive amounts of Essence Energy to support him, he would have been sucked dry if he were an ordinary Terror-grade entity.

Now, Zhou Wen suspected that if the energy in Venus hadn’t split into two and injected into the two metal balls, he would have been sucked dry.

Thankfully, nothing like that happened. The Companion Egg had its fill of Essence Energy after a while and transformed into Golden Wyrm beams that condensed on Zhou Wen’s right finger.

Soon, a metal-colored wyrm tattoo appeared on Zhou Wen’s middle finger on his right hand. After a moment of shimmering light, it gradually hid under his skin.

Zhou Wen hatched the other Yin-elemental Golden Wyrm Companion Egg. Before long, a metallic wyrm tattoo wrapped around his right hand’s index finger. It shimmered for a while before gradually disappearing.

With a thought, two Golden Wyrms appeared over his fingers, transforming into gold-like wyrms that tore out of his fingers and danced in the air.

The two Golden Wyrms weren’t bodies of flesh and blood, but of gold. Their whiskers, scales, claws, and bodies were all golden in color, but they only looked like gold. It wasn’t really gold. Their density far exceeded gold, and their hardness and toughness also far exceeded gold.

Zhou Wen extended his hand and beckoned. The two Golden Wyrms instantly transformed into two strange golden weapons that landed in Zhou Wen’s hands.

Zhou Wen held the weapons and carefully sized them up. The Shears were really strange. They were four feet long and looked like a wyrm-shaped blade. It was wide at the front and narrow at the back. The wyrm’s head was the blade’s head, and its tail was curved into a bracer.

From the looks of it, it was somewhat similar to a rapier, but there was a huge difference. After all, it was a saber, not a sword. Furthermore, the handle and blade were at a very strange angle. When Zhou Wen held the blade, he felt that the angle of the blade was a little wrong.

Why does this look a little familiar??The more Zhou Wen looked at the two Shears, the more familiar they looked. With a thought, he overlapped the two Shears and immediately shouted, “Holy sh*t, isn’t this a pair of scissors?”

When the two Shears were stacked together, they looked like scissors with long blades. However, because there was no fixed pivoting spot in the middle, they couldn’t be used as real scissors.

Although it looks a little ugly, it’s fine as long as it’s useful.?Zhou Wen turned on his phone, having had the intention of testing the might of the Golden Wyrm scissors in a dungeon.

However, before he could open the dungeon, a notification popped up on his phone.

“Discovered reproductive Companion Beast. Proceed with Birth?”

Zhou Wen tapped it open and realized that the Companion Beasts that his phone had upgraded were the Golden Wyrms. Their Birth criterion was the other Golden Wyrm, and their Yin and Yang attributes matched perfectly.

That works too!?Zhou Wen was overjoyed as he clicked on Birth without any hesitation.

Back when Light Concealment and Night Immaculate gave birth to Shadow Concealment, it was a Companion Beast of the same level. Now that two Golden Wyrms were reproducing, they would definitely give birth to a Calamity-grade Companion Beast. Wouldn’t that mean he would have another Calamity-grade Companion Beast? ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Give birth. You must give birth. It’s best if you produce a few more.?Zhou Wen watched as the two Golden Wyrms entered their Birth states. Since the progress bar didn’t show any movement, he temporarily ignored them. He just needed to wait for a Calamity Companion Beast to be born, and he could lead a group of Calamity Companion Beasts to crush the various dungeons. He might even have a chance of killing the four Mo family generals at Chess Mountain.

The four Calamity-grade fellows were really difficult to deal with, especially the Demonized General that Zhou Wen had once stolen the pearl from. The Chaos Umbrella was terrifyingly powerful. Even the Minor Heavenly Cycle Killing Formation would be destroyed, so Zhou Wen had no chance.

Now, Zhou Wen was waiting for the Soul Mirror and the Golden Wyrm to be done before he killed the four Demonized Generals.

Since he was here on the moon, Zhou Wen decided to visit Wang Chan.

When Wang Chan saw him, she was covered in tears. She strongly requested Zhou Wen to take her back to the Wang family. Zhou Wen coaxed her repeatedly before she reluctantly agreed to stay longer.

Lady Supreme Yin told Zhou Wen that Wang Chan’s power of misfortune could only be effectively controlled after she reached the Calamity grade. However, it was almost impossible for humans to advance to the Calamity grade, so they had to make a choice.

Lady Supreme Yin believed that it was best to use the Mythical Serum or Spirit Casting. Contracting a Guardian was the worst choice.

However, the Mythical Serum needed to be created using dimensional creatures with the attribute of misfortune. The Guardians used for Spirit Casting also had the same requirements. It was really difficult to find one.

Lady Supreme Yin couldn’t leave the moon, so this task naturally landed on Zhou Wen. Zhou Wen was momentarily unable to figure out where to find high-level dimensional creatures and Guardians with the attributes of misfortune.

According to Lady Supreme Yin, the creature of misfortune couldn’t be too high or too low a level. It was best if it was at the Mythical stage, but it had to have immense potential.

Zhou Wen felt his head ache when he heard those requirements.

…

In Luoyang’s An family’s weapon factory, An Sheng and a few Essence Gold forgers were looking at the blueprint of the Bamboo Blade and studying how to reforge it.

Although the Bamboo Blade was also made of Essence Gold, the Essence Gold used by the Bamboo Blade wasn’t ordinary Essence Gold, but a type of Refined Essence Gold produced from a particular type of Essence Gold mine.

It was impossible for ordinary Essence Gold to reach such hardness, nor could it be used in high-intensity battles.

The biggest problem now was that it wasn’t easy to melt the Bamboo Blade’s fragments. It was said that when smelting the materials of the Four Gentlemen Blades in the past, the blacksmith had taken the risk to enter a dimensional zone and used the Earth fire in the dimensional zone to melt the Refined Essence Gold.

As they couldn’t find the blacksmith who forged Bamboo Blade, nor did they know where the Earth fire he had used came from, they could only think of other ways to melt it.

A few blacksmiths tried several methods, but they failed to completely melt the Bamboo Blade fragments. Ordinary Essence Gold forging methods were definitely impossible. They could only report the matter to An Sheng and get him to think of a solution.

“If the temperature of the flames isn’t high enough, I have a solution.” An Sheng thought of Chick. That fellow was a descendant of a phoenix. When it came to fire, there weren’t many fires in this world that were stronger than phoenix flames.