Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1460 Fusion

Zhou Wen hurriedly retracted his hand, hoping to separate Metal Seed from the Bamboo Blade. A precious weapon like the Bamboo Blade couldn’t be used as fertilizer.

However, it was too late. The Metal Seed seeped into the scabbard like water, preventing Zhou Wen from grabbing it.

No! Zhou Wen was beyond tears. If Bamboo Blade was really expended as fertilizer, he would be beyond anguish.

After Metal Seed fused with the Bamboo Blade, the originally grayish-white Bamboo Blade scabbard rapidly darkened. In the blink of an eye, Bamboo Blade turned black.

Zhou Wen reached out to pull the Bamboo Blade out of its scabbard, but he realized that he couldn’t.

After the entire Bamboo Blade turned black, the color gradually lightened. Soon, it turned pure white.

What’s going on now? Just as Zhou Wen was feeling puzzled, the Bamboo Blade flicked out of his hand. The originally extremely hard Bamboo Blade scabbard that couldn’t bend at all was now twisting in the air like a noodle.

After gyrating for a while, the Bamboo Blade curved into a circle with its head and tail connected, turning into a bamboo ring.

The bamboo ring shrank until it became the size of a ring that floated in front of Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen extended his finger with an odd expression. The bamboo ring automatically wrapped around his pinky. It was the finger he wore Metal Seed when it was in the form of a

ring.

Bamboo Blade has become fertilizer just like that? Zhou Wen attempted to unsummon the ring. Indeed, it was like the Metal Seed from before. It returned to his body and became a tattoo. The tattoo looked like a straight piece of bamboo.

Zhou Wen hurriedly took out his phone to take a look and his mouth gaped open.

Metal Bamboo Blade: Terror (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Jinxes Master

Life Soul: Inauspicious Wheel of Destiny: Holy Saber

Terror Form: Ferocious Saber Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Strength: 99

Speed: 99

Constitution: 99

Essence Energy: 99

Talent Skill: Metal Evolution, Blood Calamity, Jinxes Master, Fusion

Companion Form: Ring

This… Zhou Wen nearly blew a gasket. It would be fine if Bamboo Blade was really absorbed as fertilizer, but this thing had actually fused with Metal Seed and become a Companion Beast.

What was even more terrifying was that there was a Jinxes Master in this skill. It was fine if there was a Jinxes Master in the skill, but its Life Providence was also Jinxes Master. This meant double Jinxes Master. It was way worse than the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

Taking a step back, it was fine if it had double Jinxes Master, but its Life Soul was Inauspicious. It looked ominous regardless. Furthermore, the Terror transformation power

– Ferocious Saber-didn’t make things any better.

There was also a Bloody Calamity skill? Apart from Holy Saber that looked a little acceptable, this saber was practically a suicide weapon. Anyone who got sick of living could just bring it along with them.

Although Zhou Wen had already verified that Jinxes Master didn’t seem to be of much use to him, he still felt a little unconfident when he saw such a ferocious saber.

However, Jinxes Master definitely couldn’t be removed through fusion. Furthermore, Zhou Wen was used to using Bamboo Blade. He couldn’t bear to destroy it.

Metal Seed made Bamboo Blade a Companion Beast. As for Metal Seed, it directly advanced to the Terror grade because of Bamboo Blade. This can be considered mutually beneficial, but these attributes… Zhou Wen was in a dilemma when he looked at the Metal Bamboo Blade’s stats.

However, what’s done was done. Zhou Wen could only silently put away the Bamboo Blade. It was best not to use such an ominous blade. Who can withstand the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General and the Metal Bamboo Blade! Zhou Wen felt that it was best not to summon the two at the same time unless necessary. After putting away the Metal Bamboo Blade, Zhou Wen went to look for An Sheng. Unfortunately, An Sheng wasn’t in Overseer Manor. Zhou Wen asked a few elders in Overseer Manor and learned that An Sheng had gone out to do something. It was unknown when he would return.

Forget it. I’ll wait for Ah Sheng’s return. Zhou Wen wanted to give the Stone Beast Companion Egg to An Tianzuo, but just the thought of An Tianzuo made him uncomfortable. It was impossible for Zhou Wen to go to him.

Zhou Wen returned to his yard and took out his phone again, planning on finding a dungeon to stroll around.

This dungeon wasn’t a random choice. Zhou Wen’s four stats had reached their limits. He needed to break through to the Calamity grade to continue advancing, so advancing to the Calamity grade was an imminent problem. From the looks of it, the only way to advance to the Calamity grade was to rely on a dimensional zone. Therefore, Zhou Wen wanted to see if he could find a way to advance to the Calamity grade in a dimensional zone. I’ve entered quite a number of dimensional zones, but I’ve never seen anything that can advance a Terror-grade to the Calamity grade. Now, I can only try my luck and see if I can find any clues. After some thought, Zhou Wen decided to head to Mount Laojun.

The reason he chose Mount Laojun was that the Dao Sutra came from Mount Laojun. Perhaps the opportunity for the Dao Sutra to advance to the Calamity grade was there.

After launching the Mount Laojun instance dungeon, Zhou Wen felt somewhat uneasy.

It wasn’t because he was afraid of death. Death in-game was nothing. It was mainly because he had attempted to enter Mount Laojun’s Golden Peak in the past, but the outcome was somewhat wanting. Even though he had advanced to the Terror grade, he still felt that Mount Laojun wasn’t a place where he could do whatever he wanted.

If Mount Laojun is really the place where Taishang Laojun has secluded himself, I’m afraid even an Apocalypse-grade creature might not be able to gain the upper hand. Zhou Wen entered the dungeon and activated the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder before walking to Golden Peak.

With the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder, Zhou Wen wasn’t afraid of the taboo pressure from the Golden Peak. He walked all the way up the stairs and saw jade buildings everywhere. Beautiful clouds surrounded him as immortal cranes danced in the clouds. It was like a paradise on earth.

Zhou Wen didn’t dare have any thoughts about the immortal cranes. He had come here when he was at the Mythical stage, hoping to kill one for fun. The outcome was extremely tragic. Ever since then, Zhou Wen no longer had any intention of killing the immortal cranes.

Clouds swirled above Mount Laojun’s Golden Peak as Zhou Wen controlled the blood-colored avatar to walk between the pavilions. The Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder emitted a mysterious glow as it converted the taboo power into Essence Energy and injected it into the blood-colored avatar’s body.

Just from the amount of Essence Energy received, he knew how terrifying the taboo in Golden Peak was. If not for the protection of the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder, Zhou Wen would have long died.

From the looks of it, mastering the Dao Sutra is a necessary condition to enter Mount Laojun’s Golden Peak. However, I wonder if Taishang Laojun is really on Mount Laojun, Zhou Wen thought to himself.

The blood-colored avatar came to a stone pavilion. Along the way, other than the immortal cranes, there were no other dimensional creatures.

However, there was a dimensional creature in front of the stone pavilion.