Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1461 Azure Bull

Azure Bull! Zhou Wen was alarmed when he saw the dimensional creature.

Sleeping soundly in the stone pavilion was an Azure Bull. Although he didn’t know its level, an Azure Bull that appeared on Mount Laojun was undoubtedly terrifying.

Legend had it that the Azure Bull was Taishang Laojun’s mount. Back when he rode the bull out of seclusion, he engraved his name in the history books.

Although it was only a mount, it depended on whose mount it was. Taishang Laojun was the founder of the universe, the ancestor of chaos, the parent of the world, the ruler of Yin and Yang, and the imperial lord of the myriad gods. His mount was much more terrifying than ordinary immortals.

Even the weakest possibility placed it as a Calamity creature, and definitely not a low-level Calamity creature at the Human Realm.

If it were in reality, Zhou Wen would immediately turn around and run as fast as he could. However, in-game, he didn’t have any qualms.

Let me see if this is Taishang Laojun’s Azure Bull. Zhou Wen summoned the three Golden Battle Gods and retreated a little. He activated the Minor Heavenly Cycle Killing Formation and held the Bamboo Blade, prepared for the ensuing battle.

The three Golden Battle Gods used their golden pistols and aimed at the sleeping Azure Bull as they fired together.

The three bullets of different attributes hit the Azure Bull only to ricochet. The characteristics of freezing, exploding, and lightning were completely useless.

The Golden Battle Gods kept firing, but the bullets were like flies. They were useless. They couldn’t even wake the Azure Bull.

That’s way too powerful! Zhou Wen was even more alarmed.

The Golden Battle Gods were Terror-grade existences after all, but they failed to do a thing to the Azure Bull.

From the looks of it, I’m no match for the Azure Bull. I should head elsewhere to take a look. Zhou Wen decided to ignore the Azure Bull. Even if it wasn’t Taishang Laojun’s mount, Zhou Wen wasn’t its match with such terrifying strength.

He controlled the blood-colored avatar and turned to walk towards the stone steps on the other side.

However, just as the blood-colored avatar turned around, Zhou Wen heard a snap. A whip-like azure shadow flashed before the blood-colored avatar was diced to pieces. The game screen dimmed.

Holy sh*t, that Azure Bull is sinister! Only then did Zhou Wen realize that the Azure Bull had definitely woken up, but it continued feigning sleep. It only attacked when Zhou Wen lowered his guard and turned to leave.

Although it was a sneak attack, to be able to penetrate the Minor Heavenly Cycle Killing Formation with one strike, such strength was definitely not ordinary at the Calamity grade. No matter how strong you are, you definitely have a weakness. I don’t believe I can’t kill you. Zhou Wen dripped his blood to revive and entered Mount Laojun again. Zhou Wen rushed to the stone pavilion where the Azure Bull was and summoned his Companion Beasts. He also attacked by summoning the Bamboo Blade and slashing out.

Zhou Wen finally saw the Azure Bull look up. It looked like an ordinary bull with a huge steel hoop attached to its nose.

Pa!

With an azure flash, the Companion Beasts and the blood-colored avatar were torn apart. Zhou Wen finally saw the weapon the Azure Bull used for its attack—its tail.

This fellow is a little too powerful. Could it be that I can’t even withstand a single strike? Zhou Wen refused to believe it as he entered the dungeon again.

Zhou Wen died again and again. It had been a long time since he had suffered such deaths. He resigned himself after the Azure Bull’s repeated kills. He had lost count of his attempts. At best, he could only dodge one tail strike. The second tail strike meant certain death.

If he used instant transmission, the bull’s tail would whip him to death when he phased into existence. Even the Minor Heavenly Cycle Killing Formation couldn’t defend against it.

The bull’s tail could extend and retract freely. It was like a divine whip.

If this is really that Azure Bull, then the bull ring on its nose might be Taishang Laojun’s Vajra Bracelet. That thing is an invincible treasure. If I can obtain it, I’ll really be able to live in the lap of luxury in the future. But how can I kill the Azure Bull? Zhou Wen tried again and again. Although he had The Disqualified that allowed him to spy on the Azure Bull’s weakness, the Azure Bull was too fast. Even though Zhou Wen saw an opportunity, he still couldn’t dodge the bull’s tail. Zhou Wen could only patiently carry out all sorts of tests in exchange for more understanding of the Azure Bull through death.

It wasn’t that Zhou Wen didn’t wish to circle around the Azure Bull, but the fellow seemed to be guarding the path that led behind it. Zhou Wen couldn’t circle around it no matter what. As long as he stepped onto that path, he would be killed by the Azure Bull even if he used instant transmission.

What’s behind Mount Laojun? The more he couldn’t cross the obstacle, the more Zhou Wen wanted to know what lay ahead. This required him to deal with the Azure Bull.

Zhou Wen stayed at home the next few days and hardly left his room. Before he figured out how to kill the Azure Bull, the Soul Mirror had completed its evolution.

Soul Mirror: Calamity (Evolvable)

Life Providence: God of Unkilling

Life Soul: Mirror Immortal

Wheel of Destiny: Soul Mirror

Terror Form: Mirror Deflection (S-grade) Calamity Zone: Mirror World (Human Realm)

Strength: 100

Speed: 100

Constitution: 100

Essence Energy: 100

Talent Skill: Soul-Washing Divine Light, Soul-Suppression Divine Light, Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light, Soul-Illuminating Divine Light.

Companion Form: Mirror

The stats and abilities of this Companion Beast are rather interesting. Zhou Wen carefully studied the various skills of the Soul Mirror and realized that it was indeed interesting.

Firstly, the Soul Mirror itself couldn’t kill any creature. The existence of the God of Unkilling Life Providence had already severed the possibility of it being a lethal weapon.

Furthermore, the Soul Mirror itself didn’t have the ability to kill.

The four types of divine light didn’t possess any physical lethality, but their effects on the soul were very obvious.

The Soul-Washing Divine Light could wash away memories. The Soul-Suppression Divine Light could suppress the soul, preventing the soul from controlling the body. It could achieve a near immobilization effect. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

The Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light was the most domineering of all. It could directly destroy souls. Once the soul was destroyed, what remained was basically an empty shell.

However, Zhou Wen suspected that the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light’s ability would clash with the God of Unkilling.

The Soul-Illumination Divine Light was the strangest. This divine light didn’t harm the soul, but it could pull the other party’s soul into the Soul Mirror.

Of course, the strength of the four divine lights depended on the strength of the other party’s soul and whether there were any soul-type Companion Beasts putting up a defense.

The Mirror Deflection ability of the Terror form could reflect the opponent’s attack. The Mirror Realm was also a very strange domain. It could turn everything nearby into a mirror world, but Zhou Wen was still studying its exact effects.

As expected of a Calamity. This ability is too sick! Zhou Wen experimented for a period of time and figured out the various abilities of the Soul Mirror. He planned on taking the Soul Mirror to Mount Laojun to give it a try. Perhaps he could use the Soul Mirror’s power to kill the Azure Bull.