Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1462 Soul Mirror

Before heading to Mount Laojun, Zhou Wen went to Venus.

Although the Venusian dimensional zone in reality had been destroyed and half of Venus was gone, the Venusian dimensional zone in-game still existed. Everything in the dungeon was intact.

In reality, Zhou Wen could use Li Mobai’s Ghost God Eyes to lock onto the Calamity gunner’s location.

However, after using the Ghost God Eyes once, they became inoperative and turned into two jade eyeballs that showed zero reaction. Zhou Wen got Li Xuan to take them back and return them to Li Mobai. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

He still didn’t understand why the Li family would help them up to this day.

Although his relationship with Li Xuan was indeed good, Li Mobai’s various actions couldn’t be explained by this relationship.

Ignoring the fact that the Ghost God Eyes were useless, even if they could still be used, Zhou Wen couldn’t take them into the game. Therefore, he still couldn’t kill the Calamity gunner in-game.

The Calamity gunner had the ability to escape through the metal. Furthermore, his body could fuse with the metal. It was very difficult for Zhou Wen to catch him in the Venusian instance dungeon.

However, things were different with the Soul Mirror. Zhou Wen believed that the Soul Mirror’s ability could restrain the Calamity gunner very well, but he still needed to test it to verify his idea.

After entering the Venusian instance dungeon, Zhou Wen summoned the Soul Mirror and shot a white beam at the Metal Guard. It moved at the true speed of light—the standard speed of a Calamity-grade.

When the white light shone on the Metal Guard, the latter immediately revealed a look of confusion and stopped firing at Zhou Wen.

Unfortunately, the Soul Mirror can’t kill. Zhou Wen had no choice but to summon the Golden Battle God to finish off the Metal Guard.

A group of Metal Guards rushed out. Zhou Wen tried the effects of the Soul-Suppression Divine Light next. A black beam shot out from the mirror. The Metal Guards that were illuminated immediately froze as they stood there motionless.

However, once the Soul-Suppression Divine Light moved away from them, they would immediately regain their mobility.

Zhou Wen then tried the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light. The moment the rainbow beam appeared, the Metal Guard that was illuminated by the beam suddenly collapsed to the ground as though it had lost its soul. It didn’t get up again.

The effects of the Soul-Suppression Divine Light seem to be much weaker than the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light. There’s some overlap between the abilities, so it doesn’t seem like there’s any need for it to exist. I wonder if the Soul-Suppression Divine Light has other uses, Zhou Wen thought.

Zhou Wen used the Soul-Illuminating Divine Light on a Metal Guard. He originally imagined that he would only pull his soul into the mirror, but to his surprise, the Metal Guard’s entire body was moved into the mirror.

Zhou Wen could see the Metal Guard spinning in the mirror as though it was sleepwalking.

Zhou Wen found it fun, he used the Soul-Illuminating Divine Light to suck the Metal Guards into the mirror. Soon, the Golden Battle Gods came out, but they failed to escape the might of the Soul-Illuminating Divine Light. They were all sucked in.

Seeing the Golden Battle Gods and the Metal Guards spinning in the mirror world like trapped ants on a circle was amusing.

Wait! Zhou Wen looked at the Golden Battle Gods and Metal Guards circling the mirror world as a thought suddenly flashed in his mind. If I suck dimensional creatures in-game, can I release the dimensional creatures I suck in reality?

Zhou Wen wished he could quit the game immediately to give it a try, but he decided against it after some thought. He could do it later. He quickly walked into the tunnel.

The Calamity gunner’s bullets were blocked by Zhou Wen’s Minor Heavenly Cycle Killing Formation as they spun around him.

Zhou Wen quickly moved. By analyzing the trajectory of the Calamity gunner’s bullet, he determined its general location.

After locking onto a certain area, Zhou Wen suddenly used instant transmission. At the same time, he got the Soul Mirror to activate its Mirror World domain.

At that instant, all the nearby metal walls turned into mirrors. The mirrors reflected the blood-colored avatar, but there was no sign of the Soul Mirror.

As there were mirrors everywhere, they reflected each other as though countless blood-colored avatars had appeared.

Pa!

A mirror shattered as a black metal robot rushed out of it with a large sniper rifle.

As all the metal walls had turned into mirrors, the Calamity gunner’s Metal Escape technique failed. It was stuck in the mirror-like wall and could only rush out.

It was useless for him to rush out. There were mirrors everywhere and with him unable to use Metal Escape, the Calamity gunner’s mobility was much weaker.

The Soul Mirror shot out the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light at the Calamity gunner, but the latter quickly dodged. Despite both being at the Calamity grade, the Soul Mirror’s mirror light was not faster than the Calamity gunner.

Zhou Wen was originally somewhat disappointed, believing that he had to rely on himself to kill the Calamity gunner.

To his surprise, the Soul Mirror beside the blood-colored avatar vanished the next second.

The Soul Mirror soon appeared in a wall that had turned into a mirror. It used the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light on the Calamity gunner’s back.

The Calamity gunner reacted very quickly as he moved and dodged the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light. The last time Zhou Wen could stab him, he had used the opportunity of him being unable to move the moment he fired.

It wasn’t that easy to stab him when he wasn’t shooting

Bang!

As the Calamity gunner moved, it even fired a shot. The bullet flew towards the Soul Mirror, shattering the mirror wall. Mirror shards flew everywhere.

Zhou Wen was still worried that the Soul Mirror would die just like that, but he suddenly realized that a Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light had shot out from the mirror shards that flew into the sky.

The Calamity gunner clearly didn’t expect such a development. It was too late to react as it was illuminated by the rainbow beam.

Zhou Wen clearly saw the Calamity gunner freeze for a moment, but it didn’t collapse like the Metal Guard. As it roared in pain, it forced itself to move and rushed out of the range of the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light.

The Soul Mirror was like a ghost in a mirror. It moved in different mirrors and shot out the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light from different spots from time to time, making it impossible to guard against.

The Calamity gunner could still withstand the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light in the beginning, but as time went on, after repeatedly being illuminated by the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light, its resistance became increasingly weaker. It started to become more sluggish. The Calamity gunner finally lost the ability to dodge the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light. Under the continuous illumination of the Soul-Extinguishing Divine Light, it finally collapsed to the ground.

Zhou Wen summoned Bamboo Blade and chopped off the Calamity gunner’s head.

The Calamity gunner’s defense wasn’t high. It was much easier than killing Kui. With a full-powered Immortal Slaying, he managed to behead him.

With the Calamity gunner dead, Zhou Wen was still wondering if a Companion Egg would drop when he heard a boom. The Golden Palace’s door opened.