Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1479 Mingdao Palace

Zhou Wen came in front of the memorial archway and saw the words “Door of Perception” engraved on it. After passing through the archway, he entered Mingdao Palace which housed Laojun Platform inside.

Zhou Wen searched the area outside the archway for a while, but he didn’t find the tiny palm symbol. All he could do was pass through it and continue walking in.

The area around the archway wasn’t a dimensional zone. Entry into the dimensional zone started from entering Mingdao Palace.

The door to the Mingdao Palace wasn’t grand. Instead, the two corner towers were more eye-catching

Although the two corner towers weren’t big, they were rather antiquated. The corner tower on the right had a huge bell, and the corner tower on the left had a huge drum.

Zhou Wen had heard from others that killing wasn’t allowed in Mingdao Palace. All kinds of creatures could coexist peacefully. Apart from killing, one couldn’t just climb the bell and drum towers, much less strike them. If one didn’t do it properly, they might very well die.

Others said that striking the bell would bring about something good.

In any case, there were all sorts of opinions. Zhou Wen didn’t know which were true and which were fake. He wouldn’t strike them even if he had nothing better to do.

He failed to find the tiny palm symbol after circling the area a few times. This left Zhou Wen depressed, but he thought of something else. It’s useless even if there’s a tiny palm symbol. There aren’t any dimensional creatures in Mingdao Palace to begin with. The dimensional creatures inside are all foreign. Even if I download the dungeon, foreign dimensional creatures won’t appear in the game dungeon. In the end, I have to enter to see how powerful the dimensional creature is. Thankfully, Zhou Wen wasn’t too afraid. The dimensional creature may not abide by the rules of Laojun Platform, but he had the Dao Sutra and the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder, so he too could also disobey the rules.

Of course, the real reason for Zhou Wen’s confidence was that the Ancient Sovereign Sutra had advanced to the Calamity grade. Although his true level was still at the Terror grade, once the Human Sovereign Sacrifices to the Heavens Zone was activated, he was no different from a true Calamity. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Together with the Minor Heavenly Cycle Killing Formation and the Soul Mirror, even if that creature was really at the Calamity grade, it was still an unknown who would end up being killed.

There’s nothing to be afraid of. Just do it! Zhou Wen summoned the Prisoned Dragon armor and put it on. At the same time, he used the Ancient Sovereign Sutra and Dao Sutra. He summoned the Soul Mirror and hugged it before walking towards the door of Mingdao Palace.

After passing through the door, he saw a small square. There were pavilions and buildings that extended like a mountain range. He didn’t know how many buildings there were.

Before Zhou Wen came here, Yu Qiubai had given him a map, but from the looks of it, many of the buildings inside didn’t match the map.

Of course, this wasn’t because Yu Qiubai wanted to harm him or give him a fake map. Instead, it was because the dimensional zone itself was constantly changing. The interior space would expand and new buildings would appear. The layout would naturally change.

No matter how the interior environment changed, the general layout didn’t change much. Laojun Platform was likely at the back of Mingdao Palace.

Zhou Wen swept his gaze and saw many avian dimensional creatures roosting nearby, along with some tiny beasts frolicking on the grass. He couldn’t help but think. Fighting and killing isn’t the goal. The key is to deal with that dimensional creature. A cultured person like me isn’t suitable for fighting and killing. It’s best to use my brain. I heard that that dimensional creature only kills humans and doesn’t harm other dimensional creatures. From the looks of it, it’s true. Now that I’m using the ability of the Demon God Bloodline Catalog to mimic one of the dimensional creatures, I can be at ease and search for its traces. Perhaps I might even have a chance to defeat it with my intelligence.

The more Zhou Wen thought about it, the more he felt that it made sense. Therefore, he secretly crawled through the grass and engraved the Demon God Bloodline Catalog.

With the help of The Disqualified, the Demon God Body’s ability to simulate transformations was not as inept as before. The Disqualified had a huge augmentation effect on the Demon God Body.

Although Zhou Wen had already tried his best to converge his aura and expose the aura of the Demon God Body, the little beasts on the grassland still retreated into the forest warily when they saw him approach. Clearly, they were still very wary of him.

A few of the little beasts looked rather clumsy and ran very slowly. One of them accidentally tripped over a tree root that protruded from the ground. Its fleshy head and furry body fell to the ground. It resembled Garfield.

Of course, the tiny beast wasn’t Garfield. It was probably some kind of feline. It was only about the height of Zhou Wen’s knees, but because it was too fat, its movements were very clumsy. Its face was fat and rotund, and its eyes were big and round. It looked like it was in a daze. It wasn’t as ferocious as felines like tigers, but rather like a panda. Its fur wasn’t black or white though. It was gray, almost blue. I’ll transform into it. Zhou Wen saw that it was the stupidest and ran the slowest, so he used the Demon God Body. As his eyes scanned its body, his body also changed.

In just a moment, two clumsy little beasts appeared on the grass. Be it their appearance or aura, they were identical, like twins.

The little beast that had wanted to escape sniffed the air and looked back. It realized that there was a creature that looked identical to it. It immediately stopped running.

This fellow definitely wasn’t smart. It turned its head and sized up Zhou Wen curiously. It even approached and sniffed him.

Even Zhou Wen was somewhat impressed with his transformation ability. The little beast sniffed for a while and actually treated Zhou Wen as one of its kind. It even came up and leaned against Zhou Wen as though it wanted hugs.

“Good boy… You are already an adult. Let’s go to a more exciting place to play.” Zhou Wen used it as a cover. As he played with it, he walked to the right of Mingdao Palace. He might encounter the creature if he went straight. Zhou Wen planned on walking down the long corridor on the right. It was best not to alarm the dimensional creature that killed any human he saw.

The dimensional creatures along the way were no longer afraid of Zhou Wen in his dimensional creature form. They acted normally as though he didn’t exist.

Zhou Wen lured the tiny beast all the way to the bell tower. From afar, he could see that the huge bell on the bell tower seemed to be made of raw metal. It was taller than a person and had the words “Mingdao Palace” engraved on it.

Zhou Wen didn’t plan on looking for trouble, so he naturally didn’t head up the bell tower. After walking for a while, he saw a stone pavilion in the forest to the side.

It wasn’t surprising to find a stone pavilion here. In the anomalous Mingdao Palace, there were at least 80 stone pavilions, if not 100. However, there was a behemoth in the stone pavilion. It was staring at him with its blood-red eyes that resembled wheels.