Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1483 Stone Calabash

The giant bear flared up when it saw Zhou Wen and the baby bear remain motionless. It pushed Zhou Wen and the bear to the side and stood in front of the stone platform. Its claws formed a hug before it moved up and down in the air a few times. Then, it turned its head and roared at Zhou Wen and the baby bear.

What do you mean? Teaching us how to wreak havoc via example? Do you want us to smash this calabash and stone platform? Zhou Wen felt that the giant bear was using its actions to get them to carry the calabash and stone platform and lift them up before throwing them to the ground.

As Zhou Wen was still thinking, the giant bear roared at the two of them again and nudged them with its claws, almost pushing them onto the stone platform. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Zhou Wen thought to himself, That baby bear is silly. It probably can’t comprehend the giant bear’s intentions. Now is the time for me to showcase myself.

Roar! With this in mind, Zhou Wen mimicked the giant bear and roared. He even extended his claws, wanting to pound his chest.

But on second thought, that was a gorilla’s action. Bears probably didn’t do such things. He hurriedly lowered his hands and stole a glance at the giant bear.

Thankfully, the giant bear didn’t mind. Only then did Zhou Wen feel relieved. He extended his claws and hugged the calabash, hoping to lift it up and smash it.

Since the giant bear was around, Laojun Platform would pin the blame on the giant bear even if it wanted to settle scores.

Zhou Wen believed that he was quite good at wreaking havoc. As he tried to pick up the stone calabash and smash it to the ground, the stone calabash remained motionless despite him exerting his strength. It had no intention of being lifted.

The stone calabash was only about two feet tall and didn’t look too heavy. In order to pull off his act as a baby bear, Zhou Wen used very little strength. Seeing that he couldn’t move it, he secretly used more strength.

The calabash didn’t budge as though it had been welded to the stone platform below.

Zhou Wen increased his strength and tried a few more times, but the outcome was the same every time. The calabash didn’t show any movement.

What’s up with this stone calabash? Could it be that this thing is a treasure? But if it’s really a treasure, why would it be placed outside? It should be stored in the hall. Zhou Wen sized up the stone calabash and was momentarily unsure of its origins.

Zhou Wen regretted not carefully studying what was present on Laojun Platform before coming

He never expected such a situation. Laojun Platform wasn’t a threat to him. He had come here to deal with the giant bear, but things had turned out this way.

The baby bear seemed intrigued by Zhou Wen’s actions. It tottered over with its plump body and pushed Zhou Wen to the side. It wrapped its four paws around the stone calabash.

It must be a joke if you can lift it while I can’t, Zhou Wen thought.

However, now that the baby bear had taken the initiative, it could be considered as helping him out. Zhou Wen was rather grateful to it.

While the baby bear was hugging the calabash, Zhou Wen realized that there were clouds and dragon patterns engraved on it. A dragon shuttled through the clouds-its body mostly hidden. It emitted a refreshing and elegant aura.

The baby bear was a simpleton. It hugged the stone calabash and had no intention of lifting it up. It even wanted to bite it as though it wanted to know if it could be eaten.

After biting it twice to no avail, it even gestured at the calabash with his front claws as though it wanted to know if it could swallow the calabash.

If you can eat this thing, I’ll respect you as a man! Just as Zhou Wen had this thought, he suddenly saw the calabash glow.

Golden light seeped out from the cloud patterns. There was seemingly something inside the originally solid stone calabash.

It was naturally impossible for the stone calabash to have a hole, but now, there was a golden glow at the top of the calabash. Then, a golden object spewed out from the calabash’s mouth amidst the luminance.

Zhou Wen only saw a Golden Elixir Pill spew out before the baby bear opened its mouth and swallowed it.

After swallowing it, the baby bear even smacked its lips as though it wasn’t satisfied.

The baby bear wanted more. It hugged the calabash and began gnawing. It was unknown how it did it, but soon, another pill spewed out.

The baby bear opened its mouth and swallowed it. Zhou Wen didn’t even see what the pill looked like as it shimmered with golden light.

Perhaps it was because of the pill, Zhou Wen saw a faint golden luster appear on the baby bear’s fur. Furthermore, it emitted a refreshing fragrance.

Don’t tell me that the pills that fly out of the calabash… are Taishang Laojun’s Golden Elixir Pills… Zhou Wen’s eyes nearly popped out.

The baby bear chewed and chewed one pill after another. It left Zhou Wen envious.

This was Taishang Laojun’s territory. The pills that appeared were likely immortal pills. Even if they weren’t the famous Nine Revolutions Golden Elixir Pill, they were definitely not ordinary.

Now, Zhou Wen understood that the giant bear wasn’t here to wreak havoc, but to eat the immortal pills.

Zhou Wen wanted to slap himself. He had failed to seize such a good opportunity. He was the one who had hugged the calabash first.

Who knew that this would happen? That giant bear was so violent the moment it came here. I thought it wanted… Zhou Wen was filled with regret, but it was useless. All he could do was wait by the side, hoping that the baby bear would quickly release the calabash and give him the opportunity to get two immortal pills.

However, the baby bear seemed to have a huge appetite. It didn’t seem satiated despite eating seven or eight pills. It continued gnawing away.

Eat, eat, eat. All you know is to eat. Look at your figure. How are you going to find a life partner in the future? Which bear chick will like you? Get yourself together. Stop eating and start losing weight. Zhou Wen kept muttering inwardly.

It was unknown if the baby bear heard his thoughts or if it was really full, but it released the stone calabash and rolled to the side. It lay on its back, panting. Its belly swelled up as though it was stuffed.

Zhou Wen was overjoyed as he hurriedly crawled over and hugged the calabash with his claws. Ignoring the saliva of the baby bear on the calabash, he opened his mouth and chewed.

Zhou Wen naturally couldn’t bite through the stone calabash. He was only imitating the baby bear’s actions.

After a while, the calabash shimmered with golden light as a pill spewed out.

Zhou Wen was overjoyed when he saw this. He hurriedly opened his mouth and swallowed the pill.

When the pill entered his stomach, a strange force immediately spread out. It was an extremely strange feeling-he couldn’t put his finger on whether it was hot or cold.