Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1484 The Mysterious Laojun Platform

A cold yet hot force spread through his body. The feeling was indescribable as his body seemed to turn ethereal as though he was about to ascend to immortality. It became lighter and lighter. Zhou Wen felt that his body would be blown away by a mere breeze.

Of course, that was only what Zhou Wen felt. He naturally wasn’t blown away.

Not only was he not blown away, but his body also became heavier—the bricks beneath him shattered.

Zhou Wen lowered his head to bite the calabash and got a few more pills out for eating, but as he lowered his head, his body gradually turned to stone.

Before Zhou Wen’s mouth touched the calabash, his body was completely petrified, turning into a stone beast statue hugging the stone calabash.

Zhou Wen couldn’t move, but he was still conscious. He felt as light as a feather, so he failed to react to the petrification.

Holy sh*t, what’s going on? Zhou Wen was alarmed. He clearly felt ethereal and airy, as though a gust of wind could blow him away at any time, but he had petrified into an immobile rock.

What was even more terrifying was that he couldn’t use any of his Essence Energy Arts, nor could he circulate his Essence Energy. It was as though he had really become a rock.

Could it be that the giant bear knew that this would happen, so it deliberately brought us here to eat the pills? If I were really its cub, I wouldn’t have turned into a rock, so it can distinguish who its child is. Zhou Wen felt extremely ambivalent. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Seeing Zhou Wen turn into a stone statue, the giant bear lifted the baby bear onto its back before turning to head out the door. It walked down the stone steps as though it had verified Zhou Wen’s thoughts.

As for the baby bear, it would occasionally turn its head to look at Zhou Wen. It even called out twice as though it wanted him to follow.

Zhou Wen couldn’t move, so how could he follow? All he could do was watch helplessly as they descended Laojun Platform and vanished from Zhou Wen’s senses.

Zhou Wen had no choice but to calm down and attempt to use all sorts of powers to escape the present predicament.

However, he couldn’t use Essence Energy Arts or summon Companion Beasts. He couldn’t even move his body, so there was nothing he could do.

Could it be that I’ll become a stone statue just like that and be alone for millennia? Zhou Wen was depressed, but he didn’t give up on survival. He only hoped for beneficial developments.

Time ticked by, but Zhou Wen failed to recover from his stone statue state.

Why was the baby bear fine after eating it, but I ended up turning into a rock? That baby bear doesn’t look like a stone-elemental creature. In terms of immunity, with Truth Listener and the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder, I shouldn’t be that weak… What kind of powers do the Golden Elixir Pills have? Zhou Wen kept thinking, hoping to find the crux of the problem.

However, even when the sky darkened and the moon rose, he still couldn’t figure out what kind of power the Golden Elixir Pills possessed.

The cold moonlight shone on Laojun Platform, as though it had covered the originally mysterious Laojun Platform with a veil.

There was complete silence. Zhou Wen could still hear, but the range was limited to the vicinity of Laojun Platform. Furthermore, it was only normal hearing, not Truth Listener’s ability.

He could see with his eyes, but all he could see was what was in front of him.

Sir is still waiting for me to return. I have to think of a way to quickly escape. Just as Zhou Wen was thinking, he suddenly heard something strange.

It sounded like someone was speaking, but it was indiscernible. It was like murmurs one heard in their reverie, but it was impossible to tell what was being said.

Zhou Wen wasn’t sleeping, so he naturally wasn’t daydreaming. He listened attentively. He could clearly hear the sound, and it wasn’t so soft that it was indiscernible, but he couldn’t hear what was being said clearly. Zhou Wen couldn’t even be sure if the sound was human. Unfortunately, his body couldn’t move, and the direction of the sound wasn’t in his field of vision.

After listening for a while, Zhou Wen could tell that the sound was coming from the main hall.

With that giant bear around, ordinary people wouldn’t dare come to Laojun Platform. Even if they dared, I wouldn’t be unable to hear anything when they ascended Laojun Platform. Could it be that the sound comes from the main hall? With this in mind, Zhou Wen felt a sliver of hope.

He didn’t know what was inside the hall, but he believed that it was most likely Taishang Laojun. If the sound really came from the main hall, it might be something profound.

However, no matter how Zhou Wen listened, he couldn’t tell what the voice was saying. After a while, the voice gradually vanished.

In the morning, Zhou Wen saw a purple glow land in front of him. It was indescribably beautiful.

The purple light came from the east. Zhou Wen was on the west side of the main temple, and he couldn’t see what was emitting the purple light either.

After a while, the purple light deviated and shone on him.

No, it should be said that it shone on the stone calabash. Zhou Wen was surprised to discover the stone calabash automatically emitting a golden glow as it sucked the purple gas into the calabash.

Zhou Wen’s body was illuminated by the purple light by virtue of him hugging the calabash. He felt his body warm up. His mind, which had been in disarray the entire night, immediately felt refreshed as though he had just woken up. The purple light didn’t last long. After a while, the angle of the purple light deviated, preventing it from reaching this spot. The stone calabash returned to its original state, and Zhou Wen wasn’t illuminated by the purple light again. For the next two to three days, Zhou Wen failed to think of a way to escape. He would hear that strange whisper every night at midnight. And in the morning, he would see the purple light.

When the purple light shone on him, he vaguely felt that his body was showing signs of recovery. However, the time for the illumination was too short. Before he could be treated of the petrification, the purple light had already disappeared.

Although he knew that time was of the essence and that Yu Qiubai was definitely having a hard time holding on, there was nothing he could do. All he could do was patiently listen to the murmurs every night and try his best to absorb the purple light like the calabash.

However, this wasn’t easy. It was clearly difficult to take the initiative to absorb the purple light without using an Essence Energy Art. Zhou Wen kept trying, but he failed.

Zhou Wen didn’t see any traces of the giant bear or the baby bear again. Instead, the door that had been destroyed by the giant bear automatically returned to normal the next day.

Zhou Wen occasionally heard dimensional creatures wandering around Laojun Platform, but no dimensional creature dared to ascend it.

There weren’t even any dimensional creatures that went up the stairs. At most, they would circle around the steps for a while before leaving