Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1499 Good Luck Comes

The stats and skills are about the same. If I can’t deal with an opponent with a single Golden Wyrm, having two more Golden Wyrms shouldn’t be of much use. Zhou Wen hesitated for a moment before pressing the fusion button.

A golden light flashed as the three Golden Wyrms emitted a shocking glow. Finally, the entire screen was occupied by the golden light.

When the light gradually dissipated, the three Golden Wyrms vanished, leaving only a golden pair of scissors on the screen.

Two Golden Wyrms became shears, while a single Golden Wyrm was a stator. Together, they fused into Golden Wyrm Scissors.

Golden Wyrm Scissors: Calamity (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Metal Life

Life Soul: Gold Essence Wheel of Destiny: Love is Stronger than Gold.

Terror Form: Golden Wyrm Scissors (S-grade)

Calamity Zone: True Gold Fire Refinement (Hell)

Strength: 200 Speed: 200

Constitution: 200

Essence Energy: 200

Talent Skill: Midas Touch, Strangle, Unstoppable, Dominance Body, Clean Break

Companion Form: Golden Wyrm Scissors

Zhou Wen couldn’t help but be overjoyed when he saw the stats of the Golden Wyrm Scissors. Although it was a three-for-one exchange, the stats of the Golden Wyrm Scissors were definitely greater than the three Golden Wyrms.

Ignoring everything else, the Human Realm Golden Wyrm only had 100 for its stats, but the Hell-level Golden Wyrm Scissors’ stats doubled.

Its abilities didn’t seem to have changed much, but with the addition of Cleaned Break, it looked very powerful.

Who should I test it on? Zhou Wen looked at his phone dungeon and realized that the Venusian instance dungeon had respawned an hour ago. He could try it out. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Crack! Crack!

The moment the Golden Wyrm Scissors appeared, all the Metal Guards and Golden Battle Gods were sliced into two with one strike. No one could withstand its might.

However, the Golden Wyrm Scissors had a weakness. It could only snip one creature at a time-it didn’t have any AOE attacks.

Zhou Wen used the Soul Mirror to make the Calamity gunner appear. With a golden flash, the Calamity gunner, whose speed couldn’t be considered slow, was split into two before he could react.

Ding!

A Companion Egg dropped with a crisp sound. Zhou Wen was immediately overjoyed as he controlled the blood-colored avatar to fly over and pick it up.

Zhou Wen had been eyeing the Calamity gunner’s Companion Egg for a long time. Its long-range offensive strength was truly impressive, especially the seventh shot. Without a countermeasure, one couldn’t escape the sure-kill shot.

Nothing can really stop you when luck befalls you. Zhou Wen excitedly checked the Calamity gunner Companion Egg’s stats.

Golden Sniper: Calamity (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Sharpshooter

Life Soul: Firearms God

Wheel of Destiny: Sure-kill Seventh Strike (S-grade)

Calamity Zone: Bullet Zone (Human Realm)

Strength: 168

Speed: 179

Constitution: 107

Essence Energy: 178

Talent Skill: Infinite Bullets, Metal Escape, Ultra Rapid Fire, Ultra Long-Distance Fire, Life-Extinguishing Bullets.

Companion Form: Sniper Rifle

Haha, it’s indeed a sniper rifle! Zhou Wen was overjoyed. He had indeed been eyeing it for a long time.

Compared to melee weapons, Zhou Wen preferred to shoot from afar. He only fought in melee combat when he had no choice. If he could kill the enemy from afar, why would he have to rush out and risk his life?

Without any hesitation, Zhou Wen hatched Golden Sniper. This kind of Companion Beast that didn’t require growth from the beginning had stats reaching a certain level. There was no need for him to waste crystals to raise its stats. It was very useful to Zhou Wen.

Apart from the lacking Constitution, the other stats of the Golden Sniper were pretty good. It was already considered pretty good at the Human Realm.

A massive amount of Essence Energy was absorbed by the Companion Egg. Soon, the Companion Egg transformed into golden streams of light that landed in Zhou Wen’s palm, forming the symbol of a golden sniper rifle.

After flashing for a while, the golden sniper rifle symbol slowly vanished.

Zhou Wen extended his hand and a golden sniper rifle appeared in his hand.

However, the sniper rifle was a little bigger than Zhou Wen imagined. It looked like a Barret M82A1 sniper rifle but even bigger. It wasn’t impossible to fire it using one hand, but it was a little uncomfortable.

With Zhou Wen’s inhuman physique, he could still shoot from the hip, but it looked like shooting with a mount would be more reliable.

Zhou Wen switched dungeons and entered Chess Mountain. He mounted the sniper rifle in the cave and aimed it at a fake immortal on Deer Terrace Pavilion.

After aiming slightly, Zhou Wen squeezed the trigger.

Bang!

A fake immortal’s head exploded as she returned to her original fox spirit body and collapsed in a pool of blood.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

Zhou Wen shot one after another, blasting apart the heads of the fake immortals. With the butt of the gun pressed against his shoulder, Zhou Wen’s shoulder involuntarily trembled as he fired.

He watched as the fake immortals spun about and huddled together, but they couldn’t find the enemy. All they could do was have their heads explode one after another. This thrill was indescribable.

Great stuff… This thing’s shooting range is awesome… It’s much further than the range of ordinary sniper rifles on Earth. It’s impossible for ordinary creatures to discover where the bullet came from. The more Zhou Wen looked at it, the more he liked it. It was like the best assassination weapon.

In the future, if Zhou Wen wanted to cause trouble for the League of Guardians, he didn’t need to approach the headquarters of the League of Guardians. A bullet from fifty kilometers away could send the Guardians to the afterlife. With the bullets traveling at the speed of light, fifty kilometers was nothing.

However, on second thought, the League of Guardians was Jiang Yan’s. It wasn’t appropriate for him to kill another Guardian.

I should find an opportunity to make a trip to the Holy Land. I’ll stand guard outside the Holy Land. I’ll headshot every Saint that comes out. Let’s see who else dares to work for the Holy Land. With this in mind, Zhou Wen wished he could grow wings and fly to the Holy Land.

Of course, that was just a thought on his part. It was clearly impossible for him to raid the Holy Land with just a sniper rifle.

Now, I have the golden sniper rifle for long-range combat and the Golden Wyrm Scissors for close combat. With the Soul Mirror’s help, as long as I don’t encounter a Heaven-level dimensional creature, I should be able to put up a fight. Zhou Wen searched his dungeon again and realized that Yang City had already respawned.

He entered Yang City and released the Golden Wyrm Scissors. Every Blood Shadow that appeared was severed. The sniper was even more merciless. It was one shot, one kill, as simple as shooting balloons at a street fair.

After the Kui came out, the Golden Wyrm Scissors flew up and snapped it into two. Even the Kui’s powerful defense couldn’t withstand a single snip. The Golden Wyrm Scissors were so sharp that it chilled one’s heart.

Too powerful! Zhou Wen realized that he had too many weapons, but his defense now couldn’t keep up.

Kui only dropped one Essence Energy Crystal. Zhou Wen didn’t have any room to raise his Essence Energy stat for the time being, so he fed it to the Soul Mirror which had a relatively low attribute.

Zhou Wen was just about to find a few more places to test the might of the Golden Wyrm Scissors and sniper rifle when he suddenly received a message: “Are you interested in cooperating?”