Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1509 Dubhe Dimensional Zone

The palace was purple, as though it was carved from purple jade. Only a door was revealed. The subsequent parts were in the high-temperature liquid that constantly radiated light.

There were only strange patterns on the door, but no words were found. It was unknown what the name of the dimensional zone was.

In front of the door stood a majestic creature.

Is that thing a dinosaur? Zhou Wen looked at the creature in front of the palace in surprise.

It had long hind legs and short front claws. Its tail looked like a lizard’s and its mouth was filled with razor-sharp teeth. No matter how one looked at it, it looked like a Tyrannosaurus from Earth’s prehistoric civilization, not a western dragon or flying dragon.

There were many dinosaur fossils on Earth, but up to now, there was no uniform explanation as to why the dinosaurs had gone extinct.

The creature that had appeared at the palace’s entrance was like the Tyrannosaurus in movies. However, what was different from the movies was the Tyrannosaurus’s red body that was burning with red flames.

The dimensional zone on Dubhe is indeed in its interior. That Tyrannosaurus can break through the high temperature and radiation outside to reach the entrance of the dimensional zone, so it should be at the Human Realm at the very minimum, right?

The Tyrannosaurus had already slammed into the palace door while Zhou Wen was still in thought.

The door to the palace was slammed open by the Tyrannosaurus with a loud boom. However, there was a resplendent orange-red light inside. Nothing could be seen.

The Tyrannosaurus rushed through the door without any hesitation. The Cube’s screen finally became clearer, allowing everyone to see the scene inside the palace.

Huge pillars propped up the massive palace. There were a total of twenty-four pillars in two rows. Each pillar seemed to be carved from amethyst and was more than a meter in diameter.

Furthermore, every amethyst pillar had a mysterious symbol engraved on it. One couldn’t tell what the mysterious symbol represented for the time being.

At the end of the two rows of pillars, at the back of the palace, sat a creature wearing amethyst armor. As his entire body was enveloped by amethyst armor, Zhou Wen didn’t know what he looked like or if he looked like a human.

The Tyrannosaurus roared and charged at the amethyst-armored creature sitting there the moment it rushed into the palace.

Its hind legs exerted strength as it charged forward like light. Its speed wasn’t inferior to Zhou Wen’s.

Zhou Wen had long expected it to be at the Calamity grade. It wasn’t surprising that it had such speed.

The Tyrannosaurus rushed in front of the amethyst-armored creature, but the latter continued sitting as before. It was like an old monk in meditation, motionless. The Tyrannosaurus’s gaping mouth was lined with razor-sharp teeth. It was about to bite the helm.

The amethyst-armored creature raised its hand and pressed it on the Tyrannosaurus’s chin in a split second.

This was the last scene Zhou Wen saw. In the next second, a light blast erupted like a volcano. The Tyrannosaurus’s body and the entire palace were drowned by it.

When the light dimmed, the Cube’s screen had already returned to the outside of Dubhe. It meant that the Tyrannosaurus was dead and hadn’t successfully cleared the level.

The Calamity-grade Tyrannosaurus wasn’t even able to withstand a single strike. What’re the origins of that fellow in the amethyst armor? Zhou Wen was secretly surprised. At the same time, he was somewhat glad that he hadn’t rashly entered Dubhe’s dimensional zone. Otherwise, he would have been vaporized by the terrifying strike.

Although the footage inside the palace was very short, the amethyst armor on the creature left a deep impression on Zhou Wen.

The mysterious purple color appeared noble and beautiful in the radiance. It was as crystalline as the divine battle armor worn by gods, but it was impossible to see what kind of creature was inside the armor.

That armor should be at the Calamity grade, right? Zhou Wen was somewhat tempted. The armor looked like it had a very powerful defense against the fire element. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Of course, that was only a musing thought. Before figuring out the origins of the amethyst-armored creature, Zhou Wen wasn’t willing to take the risk to head to Dubhe.

Although the Tyrannosaurus was killed in one strike, it finally allowed people to see the dimensional zone of Dubhe. All the major media outlets scrambled to report the amethyst-armored creature.

People were guessing the origins of the amethyst-armored creature and whether it had anything to do with the myths involving Dubhe.

Some people studied the killed Tyrannosaurus. They wanted to verify if the Tyrannosaurus was related to the dinosaurs on Earth. They hoped to crack the mystery of the dinosaurs’ extinction.

Mount Mandang, also known as Fairy Peak.

It was here that the Han dynasty’s Liu Bang slew the White Snake uprising and became the hegemon of history.

After the dimensional storms, Mount Mandang became an extremely complicated large dimensional zone. It contained many small dimensional zones that were somewhat similar to Dragon Gate Grotto.

This was originally under Guide City’s jurisdiction, but few people came here after the dimensional storms. Even if someone came here, it was highly unlikely that they would return.

At that moment, there were five expressionless people standing in front of the Snake Slaying Monument. The person in the lead was reading the tablet text on it. It was none other than Berserker Immortal and company. “Zither Immortal, I’m counting on you,” Berserker Immortal said indifferently as he looked at the Snake Slaying Monument.

Zither Immortal, behind him, responded and sat in front of the Snake Slaying Monument. He took on a zither-playing posture, but there was no zither in front of him.

Zither Immortal strummed his fingers in the air. Despite having nothing but air, Zither Immortal’s fingers produced faint music from his finger plucking.

The sound of the zither was like immortal music. Even someone who didn’t know music could sense the beauty of the zither music.

Accompanying this beautiful zither music was a strange sound coming from Mount Mandang. Not long after, dimensional creatures that looked like wandering ghosts walked out of the mountain, and their numbers constantly increased.

When the wandering dimensional creatures passed by Berserker Immortal and company, they didn’t even spare them a glance. It was as though Berserker Immortal and company didn’t exist as they headed straight for Guide High School. More and more wandering and wild ghosts rushed out of Mount Mangdang, forming a tidal wave-like army. Their numbers were uncountable.

Boom! Boom!

A terrifying sound suddenly came from the depths of Mount Mandang. Before long, a huge white snake that resembled a dragon swam out from the mountain range’s depths. Wherever it passed, wandering ghosts either automatically ducked or were crushed by it.

The white snake was crystalline-white. It wasn’t ugly–when it raised its head, it gave off an elegant beauty.

“I never expected that there would be a Calamity creature in Mount Mandang.” Upon seeing the white snake, Berserker Immortal was somewhat surprised. He hadn’t known that there were Calamity creatures here. He had originally just planned on releasing the wandering ghosts inside to attack Guide High School.