Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1524 Colorful Devil

Zhou Wen could only constantly move and use instant transmission to dodge the devil’s attacks.

The devil held the Golden Wyrm Scissors in one hand, making it difficult for it to escape. However, its combat strength was still terrifying. It was undoubtedly a Hell-level creature.

The sea of flowers was boundless. Just as Zhou Wen was instant transmitting, he suddenly realized that another devil had appeared in front of him.

The devil in front of him looked almost identical to the red devil that was pursuing Zhou Wen. It was also sitting cross-legged in the sea of flowers. The only difference was that the devil’s skin was blue.

When the blue devil sensed the commotion, it opened its eyes and looked in Zhou Wen’s direction. Suddenly, it flapped its wings and flew into the air, transforming into a blue shadow that appeared in front of Zhou Wen and grabbed at his head.

Zhou Wen already had a plan. At the instant the blue devil’s claw was about to touch his head, his figure vanished and he instant transmitted in another direction.

Seeing the blue devil almost collide with the red devil behind him, Zhou Wen looked forward to seeing them fight.

However, to his surprise, the red and blue devils stopped their attacks and charged at Zhou Wen.

Holy sh*t, isn’t it said that devils are most territorial? Why didn’t these two different-looking devils fight? Zhou Wen was depressed, but he could only continue fleeing.

It was already very difficult to fight a single devil. Now that he was being pursued by two devils, Zhou Wen’s situation became even more difficult. All he could do was summon the Chaos Egg.

As he used the Chaos Egg to block the devils’ attacks, he used instant transmission to escape.

What kind of crappy place is this? Apart from the sea of flowers, can’t there be anything else? Zhou Wen didn’t know how far he had fled. He estimated it to be more than ten thousand kilometers. Apart from the sea of flowers, he didn’t see anything.

Zhou Wen originally hoped to leave the sea of flowers and have a place like a mountain range that could provide him with concealment. Perhaps, he could find a place to hide. To his surprise, this godforsaken place was an endless plain. There weren’t any undulations, much less a mountain range.

This definitely isn’t the Devil realm. Why are there so many flowers in the Devil realm? It should be a hellish scene. Just as Zhou Wen was feeling depressed, he was alarmed to discover another devil in front of him.

This devil had purple skin. Its appearance was similar to the other two devils. It also charged over.

Zhou Wen cursed inwardly, Did Berserker Immortal transport me to a rainbow devil lair? Can I summon Shenron to grant me a wish after I gather all seven devils? If I’m given a wish, I have to get Shenron to change my luck. Even if I can’t be as lucky as Wang Lu, it will allow me to live a peaceful life.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

Zhou Wen was ganked by three devils as the Chaos Egg flew around like a baseball. The solid Essence Energy Crystals in it rapidly increased, and in a short period of time, it nearly filled the Chaos Egg.

Thankfully, Zhou Wen was prepared. He used Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping to transfer the solid Essence Energy crystals condensed from the Chaos Egg to Tyrant Behemoth.

Thankfully, the three devils’ strength and speed were terrifying, but they weren’t to the point of directly blasting apart the Chaos Egg. Zhou Wen could barely preserve his life.

Zhou Wen didn’t dare run further. After running for so long, he hadn’t found an opportunity to escape. Instead, he attracted two more devils. Who knew how many more devils there would be if he continued running?

I don’t have many cards that I can use. Only the Immortal Culling Sword and the Golden Sniper are still useful, but under the siege of three devils, it’s too difficult to deliver a counterattack. Zhou Wen thought about it and didn’t think of a way to resolve his current predicament.

If Truth Listener can come out, there might still be hope. Zhou Wen tried summoning Truth Listener again. Although he could sense the connection with Truth Listener, he couldn’t get Truth Listener out of its earring form.

As for Tyrant Behemoth, after devouring a large number of Essence Energy Crystals, it showed signs of breaking through.

This glutton is still the best. As long as there’s food, it can evolve. Zhou Wen was very envious, but even if Tyrant Behemoth advanced to the Calamity grade, it would only be at the Human Realm. Under such circumstances, it wasn’t of much use.

Furthermore, Tyrant Behemoth only showed signs of evolution. It was unknown how long it would take for it to truly evolve.

After some thought, Zhou Wen thought of Demonic Neonate, but he was somewhat hesitant. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

In fact, when he first saw the devil, Zhou Wen had already thought of Demonic Neonate. Demonic Neonate seemed to have an inextricable connection with the creatures of the demonic realm, but Demonic Neonate looked like she was related to the East District’s demonic realm. Grim Demon was also a Guardian of the East District’s demonic realm.

As for devils, they were devils from the West District. He didn’t know if Demonic Neonate would be useful.

After all, she was only at the Mythical stage. If they didn’t acknowledge her, she probably wouldn’t be able to withstand a single slap.

However, Zhou Wen was protected by the Chaos Egg. Demonic Neonate was petite, so she could be summoned inside the Chaos Egg. He could summon her to take a look.

Since there was no other way, Zhou Wen summoned Demonic Neonate.

Demonic Neonate appeared in Zhou Wen’s arms while carrying the Demonic Sword. Her clear eyes seemed to be able to penetrate the Chaos Egg as she stared at the devils attacking the Chaos Egg.

The purple devil’s claws stabbed into the Chaos Egg, severely deforming it before it bounced off at the speed of light.

In the air, the red devil had already caught up. He kicked the Chaos Egg and sent it flying like a baseball.

The spatial compression in the Chaos Egg pressed Demonic Neonate’s face against Zhou Wen’s chest, causing it to deform. The Essence Energy Crystals that condensed landed on Demonic Neonate’s body, almost burying her.

Zhou Wen was just about to teleport the Essence Energy Crystal to Tyrant Behemoth and get Demonic Neonate to take a good look to see if it was possible to placate the three devils when Demonic Neonate’s figure surprisingly flashed as she rushed out of the Chaos Egg. As though she had teleported, she appeared outside the Chaos Egg.

Why did she leave! Zhou Wen was alarmed because the red devil was charging at Demonic Neonate. Its dagger-like nails were about to stab Demonic Neonate’s face.

Zhou Wen wore a look of horror. He wanted to pull Demonic Neonate back, but it was too late.

Unbeknown to him, the red devil also wore a look of horror. Its high-speed body came to an abrupt halt, stopping in front of Demonic Neonate before its nails touched her.

Its nails were less than a centimeter away from Demonic Neonate’s face.

Zhou Wen could even see the red devil’s forehead sweating.

The scene froze for a second before the red devil seemed to come to its senses. It suddenly retracted its claws and took two steps back. Then, with a plop, it knelt in front of Demonic Neonate and prostrated on the ground. It wasn’t just the red devil. The blue and purple devils on the other two sides also prostrated.