Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Chapter 1535: Companion Beast Advancement Plan

Translator: CKtalon

All the skills remain with an additional Famous Killer Doctor. I wonder what it’s used for. How can killing be related to medical skills??Zhou Wen carefully read the introduction of Famous Killer Doctor.

Famous Killer Doctor: Kill one person to save another, save one person to kill another.

Zhou Wen stared at it for a long time without understanding what the skill introduction meant.

Could it be that if I want to use Doctor Darkness to save people in the future, I have to kill someone first? Isn’t that bullshit??Zhou Wen felt that this skill was definitely not that simple.

He wanted to test the consequences of saving someone, but there was no one that needed Doctor Darkness’s saving. After all, Doctor Darkness mostly used Fight Poison With Poison to save others. Zhou Wen couldn’t kill someone with poison first, right?

With the Companion Beast in hand, it now became a problem of raising his level.

Previously, the Mighty Vajra Ox had returned to the Mortal stage. All he needed to do was feed it some Essence Energy Crystals and it would naturally advance. It had already returned to the Mythical stage, but to advance further was not that easy. It was unknown for the time being how it could advance to the Terror grade.

Zhou Wen tried feeding Doctor Darkness Essence Energy Crystals. Although it allowed Doctor Darkness to grow a little, the growth wasn’t fast. Furthermore, Doctor Darkness could only absorb a very small portion of the Essence Energy Crystals. They weren’t of much use, unlike Tyrant Behemoth which could eat them as it pleased.

From the looks of it, evolving Doctor Darkness with Essence Energy Crystals is unlikely. Then, what does he need to evolve?

?After some thought, Zhou Wen felt that he should give it a try at a poisonous place.

Doctor Darkness’s skill was related to poison. Apart from that, Zhou Wen really couldn’t think of any other way to evolve him.

In the dungeons that Zhou Wen had already downloaded, there were many poisonous insects and Gu in the Valley of No Return. It was likely the most ideal place.

Apart from that, there was the Poison Wyrm Pool in Pool City. It was also a place of poison, so he could give it a try.

After some consideration, Zhou Wen chose Poison Wyrm Pool. The water in the Poison Wyrm Pool was poisonous, so he decided to test it with the poison water inside.

He took Doctor Darkness to Poison Wyrm Pool. Without waiting for Zhou Wen to experiment, Doctor Darkness autonomously walked to the side of Poison Wyrm Pool and took out a syringe. He drew a tube of poison water and injected it into his veins.

Zhou Wen was soon surprised to discover that Doctor Darkness had advanced to the Legendary stage and obtained a new Life Providence. His Life Providence was the same as before—Golden Left Hand.

It’s so easy to evolve. If he injects a few more syringes, won’t he be able to quickly advance to the Mythical stage??However, after just injecting one tube of poison water, Doctor Darkness stopped moving.

The Poison Wyrm in the Poison Wyrm Pool stirred, only to be instantly killed by Zhou Wen. The previously powerful dimensional creature was too weak in front of the present Zhou Wen.

After confirming that Doctor Darkness no longer needed the poison water here, Zhou Wen had no choice but to take him to other dungeons.

Zhou Wen circled Zhuolu, the Valley of No Return, and other dungeons with poison. Every time Doctor Darkness saw a new poison, he would directly extract it and inject it into himself.

He seemed to have a physique that was invulnerable to all poisons, or perhaps even stronger. Others were immune to all poisons, but Doctor Darkness could use poison to strengthen his body.

Some poisons could allow Doctor Darkness to evolve, while others didn’t have much of a reaction. Furthermore, at a low level, any random poison could advance his level. Towards the end, it required him to inject several types of poisons to advance.

After lots of hard work, Doctor Darkness finally returned to the Mythical stage. His Life Soul and Wheel of Destiny were the same as before.

Zhou Wen tried a few more poisons, but none of them allowed Doctor Darkness to continue evolving. He temporarily failed to find any new poisons and couldn’t continue experimenting.

From the looks of it, ordinary poison shouldn’t be able to evolve Doctor Darkness to the Terror grade. I have to find some powerful poison-type creatures and use their poison to evolve Doctor Darkness.?

Zhou Wen felt that if he could find a Calamity-grade poison-type creature, he should be able to advance Doctor Darkness to the Terror grade.

Where can I find a poison-type Calamity creature??Zhou Wen immediately thought of the one in the Zhuolu Sapphire Sky. However, that dimensional creature had been inside the Sapphire Sky the entire time. It wasn’t easy to kill, and he didn’t know if it was considered poison-type.

Zhou Wen ran through all the dungeons again, but he failed to find a suitable candidate.

Taking this opportunity, Zhou Wen picked his Companion Beasts again. As low-level Companion Beasts weren’t of much use, a number could be used as supplementary materials for fusion.

As for those that were very special which Zhou Wen found useful and was unwilling to fuse, he had to think of a way to raise them. It was best if they could be raised to the Calamity grade, or at worst, the Terror grade. Otherwise, they would be useless in battle at this stage.

I have to think of a way to raise Doctor Darkness. The Evil Spirit King has recently absorbed quite a number of Terror-grade creatures. It should be advancing to the Terror grade soon… Banana Fairy has to advance further… Should I raise the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul again…?Zhou Wen listed out the few Companion Beasts he thought highly of and immediately felt a headache. There were too many Companion Beasts that needed to be upgraded. Each of them had their own unique traits and he couldn’t bear to use any of them as materials.

What left Zhou Wen most conflicted was the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General. This Companion Beast was really strong, but his Jinxes Master skill couldn’t be removed. Zhou Wen was somewhat afraid.

With the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General and Bamboo Blade which jinxed their master, Zhou Wen was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to withstand them if they advanced to the Calamity grade.

However, the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General was really useful, especially in the stellar dungeon. To the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General, it was practically a home-ground battle.

In the past, there were definitely many stellar dimensional zones. It was a waste not to use the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

I’ll try raising it again. The Bamboo Blade’s Jinxes Master ability is even stronger than the Tiger Soul General. There shouldn’t be any problems.?Zhou Wen hesitated for a while before deciding to raise the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General again.

Some dimensional zones did require the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General to lead the charge.

Of course, the main reason was that it was very difficult for other Companion Beasts to advance. Even if Zhou Wen wanted them to advance, it wasn’t something that could be done immediately.

However, the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General was different. If he used it for fusion, it wouldn’t be lost no matter how low the chances were. In other words, as long as he fused with a Terror-grade Companion Beast, the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General had a chance of advancing to the Terror grade. By fusing with a Calamity-grade Companion Beast, the Tiger Soul General could quickly reach the Calamity grade. This ability was not something other Companion Beasts possessed.

Bamboo Blade also had the Jinxes Master attribute; Zhou Wen still didn’t know if it had such an ability.

Calamity-grade Companion Beasts were still useful. Zhou Wen couldn’t bear to fuse them. All he could do was use Terror-grade Companion Beasts to raise the Tiger Soul General to the Terror grade.

Which one should I use??Zhou Wen looked at all the Terror-grade Companion Beasts he had.

The most worthless Terror-grade Companion Beast was the Golden Battle God, but the Golden Battle God’s skills had no synergy with the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.