Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1536: New Tiger Soul General

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen didn’t have many Terror-grade Companion Beasts. The Golden Battle God dropped most easily. The other Terror-grade Companion Beasts were relatively rare.

Zhou Wen couldn’t bear to fuse Companion Beasts like Grim Reaper No. 10, Limitless Demon Dragon King, Prisoned Dragon, and Banana Fairy. The remaining Golden Battle Gods, Flaming Monarch, and so on didn’t seem to be a good fit for Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

After some choosing, he didn’t find a suitable Terror-grade Companion Beast to fuse with the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

In terms of skill compatibility, Grim Reaper No. 10 and Prisoned Dragon are more compatible with the Tiger Soul General, but these two Companion Beasts have something special about them. It would be a waste to use them as fusion material.?Zhou Wen thought for a moment and couldn’t bear to part with them. Finally, he decided to try with a Golden Battle God first.

At most, he would be swapping for some skills that weren’t compatible with the Tiger Soul General. This was unlikely to affect him much as long as he could advance the Tiger Soul General to the Terror grade.

With this in mind, Zhou Wen didn’t hesitate any further. He placed the Tiger Soul General in the fusion column and placed a Golden Battle God as material before clicking on ‘Fuse.’

With a flash of light, the Golden Battle God in the material column vanished. As for the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General, something amazing was about to happen.

The purple-armored Tiger Soul General’s armor had turned into a purple metal-like texture. The armor’s envelopment of the Tiger Soul General and mount was even more complete. It looked like a heavy-armored Metal Knight.

These were only minute changes that were not much different from before. The biggest change was the spear in Tiger Soul General’s hand.

He was originally holding a spear and although it was still a spear, it was no longer in an ancient style. It had become a spear with a very modern feel to it. Its design was very exaggerated.

Zhou Wen couldn’t describe what the spear looked like, but it looked really beautiful. The spearhead was three-dimensional and wider. It didn’t look like an ancient spear. There were some holes on it, but he didn’t know what they were for.

Its appearance wasn’t important. Zhou Wen only wanted to know if the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General had advanced to the Terror grade or if its skills had been wiped out.

Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General: Terror (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Malicious Evil

Life Soul: Tiger Soul Runes

Wheel of Destiny: Ferocious and Evil

Terror Form: Devil Knight (S-grade)

Strength: 82

Speed: 82

Constitution: 82

Essence Energy: 82

Talent Skill: Tempered Steel Cauldron, Rampage, Magic Stone Curse, One with Horse, Penetrating Pierce, Evil Deeds Everywhere, Badlands, Jinxes Master, Crazy Sweep.

Companion Form: None

After reading the information on the Fiend-Armored Tiger Ghost General, Zhou Wen was immediately overjoyed. Indeed, he had advanced to the Terror grade. Furthermore, his skills hadn’t been wiped out with the addition of Crazy Sweep.

The Tiger Soul General used an ancient spear, not a modern firearm. Crazy Sweep was probably a useless skill that was not usable by Tiger Soul General.

This was the best outcome Zhou Wen could think of. Having another useless skill was better than having one less skill.

I’ll give it a try and see what the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General looks like after he transforms into his Terror form.?Zhou Wen chose to enter the Yang City dungeon before summoning the Tiger Soul General and having him transform into his Terror form.

At the instant the Tiger Soul General descended, Zhou Wen felt that he wasn’t gaming, but watching a science fiction movie.

The Tiger Soul General and mount, who were completely wrapped in heavy metal armor, were like mechanical knights in a sci-fi movie. The armor was dark purple, and there was a purple glow at the gaps akin to having purple light outline the curves of the armor.

The Tiger Soul General’s body was still burning with purple demonic flames. The spear in its hand also had billowing purple flames, especially the spearhead. Purple light spewed out from the hole in an extremely technological manner.

“It looks pretty good, but I wonder how your actual combat strength is. Let me see your abilities. Attack with all your might.” Zhou Wen ordered the Tiger Soul General to attack the blood bone temples.

The eyes of the Tiger Soul General and mount lit up at the same time as they shimmered with a shocking purple flame. In the next second, the Tiger Soul General raised the spear in his hand.

What happened next left Zhou Wen dumbfounded. Purple bullets spewed out from the hole in the spear like a storm. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

This commotion was similar to the effect of a Gatling gun, but the might of the purple bullets was much more powerful.

After a series of explosions, bullet holes appeared on the walls and doors of many blood bone temples. Blood Spirits rushed out of the blood bone temples and angrily lunged at the Tiger Soul General.

The Tiger Soul General continued his sweep with his spear, blasting apart many Blood Spirits that were charging at him.

Zhou Wen’s mouth gaped open. After a while, he snapped to his senses and muttered in surprise, “Holy sh*t, has the Tiger Soul General actually become a mecha knight?”

Zhou Wen soon realized that his thoughts were too simple and naive.

When a Blood Spirit rushed close to the Tiger Soul General, the Tiger Soul General used the spear to stab the Blood Spirit’s chest, raising it into the sky.

It sounded contradictory, but in fact, it was true. Not only could the spear be used as a modern-day weapon, but it could also be used as an ancient spear.

Zhou Wen watched the Tiger Soul General’s performance from the side. The spear in his hand went from being brandished wildly to raining hell. It stormed a path through the horde of Blood Spirits.

Unfortunately, there were no flames here to augment the Tiger Soul General. Otherwise, he would have been even stronger.

Haha, the fusion this time was perfect. The Tiger Soul General can now engage in melee and long-range attacks. Furthermore, it can sweep across a large area. It’s perfect.?Zhou Wen was excited.

The Tiger Soul General became stronger the more he fought. The interior of the metal armor seemed to be a huge furnace with the flames inside burning brighter and brighter. The Tiger Soul General also became stronger. No matter how many Blood Spirits appeared, they were mercilessly killed by the Tiger Soul General.

When the Tiger Soul General rushed to Kui who let out a thunderous roar, the Tiger Soul General managed to bear the brunt of the sonar attack and arrive in front of Kui. He fought it crazily without being at a disadvantage.

Amazing. This is only the result of constant combat. If he can fight in flames, he should be even stronger.?Zhou Wen had the urge to immediately take the Tiger Soul General to a fire-elemental instance dungeon for testing.

The Tiger Soul General became stronger the more he fought, but Kui didn’t have such an ability. It gradually became at a disadvantage. After more than two hours, the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General used its Terror-grade body to damage the Calamity-grade Kui until it was covered in wounds and on its last breath. It eventually died from the torturous attacks.

Unfortunately, only a Speed Crystal dropped. Zhou Wen fed it to his Companion Beast.

Should I take the Tiger Soul General to the Dubhe instance dungeon to give it a try??Although Zhou Wen felt that the Tiger Soul General shouldn’t be able to withstand the light blast, dying in-game wasn’t a loss.. He could give it a shot.