Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1542: Starlord Titan Gate

Translator: CKtalon

Since the seven dungeons of the Big Dipper were separated, Zhou Wen could freely choose to continue heading to the next Star Palace after completing Dubhe. That was his chance.

All he needed to do was use the Cube to enter Dubhe Palace and clear it in reality. Then, he could teleport out and return to Earth.

From the looks of it, this was the only way to return to Earth before Demonic Neonate woke up.

It was no longer difficult for Zhou Wen to clear Dubhe Palace and kill Starlord Ravenous Wolf.

The more troublesome thing was Demonic Neonate and Grim Demon. Furthermore, he needed to find three people to ascend the Cube with him before he could activate the Cube and enter Dubhe Palace.

Demonic Neonate was still sleeping and showed no signs of waking up. Furthermore, he couldn’t unsummon her. He couldn’t even send her into the chaos space.

It wasn’t impossible for him to carry her into Dubhe Palace, but Zhou Wen didn’t wish for so many people to see Demonic Neonate through the broadcast.

The most troublesome thing was to find three people to enter Dubhe Palace with him. The three would definitely die.

Although there were many people in Regretless City and it wasn’t difficult to find three people to send themselves to their deaths, Zhou Wen wasn’t such a person. He really couldn’t bring himself into forcing people with whom he had no grudge to die.

I’ll wait another two days before reassessing. It’s best if Demonic Neonate wakes up. If she doesn’t, I can only use the Cube to return.?Zhou Wen launched the Big Dipper instance dungeon again.

After entering Dubhe Palace again, there was no Starlord Ravenous Wolf guarding it. From the looks of it, it hadn’t respawned.

Zhou Wen arrived at the teleportation nexus and chose to enter the next Merak Star Palace.

Merak was the second star of the Big Dipper. Merak was also known as the Titan Gate Star. According to what Zhou Wen knew, although Merak was several times bigger than the sun, there didn’t seem to be any planets around Merak. There was only a ring of relatively cold dust.

When the teleportation nexus was activated, the scene in front of Zhou Wen changed. When he regained his vision, he realized that a huge door had appeared in front of him. The door looked like the Arc de Triomphe, but it was even more majestic. It was probably a thousand meters tall and was carved from golden crystal. Standing in front of the extremely majestic door, Zhou Wen found himself as tiny as an ant.

And this was only the entrance to the Merak Star Palace. It was unimaginable how big the entire Star Palace was.

The Merak Star Palace had an entrance without a door. Zhou Wen stood on the steps outside the entrance and could see the scene inside. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The interior of the Star Palace was equally huge. It was more than enough to fly a helicopter inside. There were resplendent crystal pillars and walls everywhere.

Unlike Dubhe Palace’s simplicity, this Star Palace was extremely beautiful. The various carvings were opulent.

And at the back of the Star Palace, there was a huge crystal throne. A giant wearing golden crystal armor was sitting on the crystal throne with one hand supporting his chin as though he was deep in thought.

What a tall giant. Just sitting there makes it look about two hundred meters tall!?Zhou Wen guessed what dimensional creature it was from the its appearance.

Since the guardian of Dubhe was Starlord Ravenous Wolf, this person was undoubtedly Starlord Titan Gate.

Just as Zhou Wen was pondering over it, Starlord Titan Gate opened his eyes. The eyes that were much bigger than car wheels opened as they emitted a terrifying golden glow. He stared at the spot where the blood-colored avatar was standing and slowly stood up.

Zhou Wen had never seen a dimensional creature’s aura as terrifying as Starlord Titan Gate’s. Perhaps other creatures were stronger than him, but in terms of aura, they might not be able to suppress him.

Looking at Starlord Titan Gate, Zhou Wen couldn’t help but think of the word “indomitable.”

Zhou Wen was already prepared to fight a tough battle. From the size of Starlord Titan Gate, he knew that his body was definitely extremely powerful with extremely violent strength.

The Chaos Egg could withstand the blast of light because it was an area-of-effect attack, resulting in greatly scattered strength. Zhou Wen wasn’t sure if the Chaos Egg could withstand a Strength-type dimensional creature like Starlord Titan Gate.

If I really can’t block his attacks, I can only place my hopes on dodging. Unfortunately, I gave my Heavenly Robe and lucky equipment to Wang Lu. Otherwise, it shouldn’t be difficult for me to dodge Starlord Titan Gate’s attack…?Zhou Wen was still thinking of a countermeasure when he suddenly saw Starlord Titan Gate open his mouth.

In the next moment, a terrifying roar burst out of Starlord Titan Gate’s mouth, forming a sonic boom that instantly struck Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen never expected such a move. He imagined that Starlord Titan Gate was a Strength-type, so he never expected him to have a sonar attack.

Thankfully, Zhou Wen had fast reflexes. He summoned the Chaos Egg and protected himself.

When the sonic boom struck the Chaos Egg, a large number of solid Essence Energy Crystals were immediately produced inside. The number was about the same as when Starlord Ravenous Wolf attacked.

From the looks of it, Starlord Titan Gate should also be at the Hell level. That’s good.?Zhou Wen felt relieved.

If the Star Palaces were each stronger than the last in the Big Dipper instance dungeons, it was unimaginable how strong the guardian inside the final Star Palace would be. It would be impossible to clear it.

Starlord Titan Gate wasn’t much stronger than Starlord Ravenous Wolf. This gave Zhou Wen hope. Perhaps the seven Starlords of the Big Dipper were all at the Hell level, so he still had a chance of clearing the Big Dipper.

Although similar in strength to Starlord Ravenous Wolf, Starlord Titan Gate’s abilities were completely different. His sonic attack and Starlord Ravenous Wolf’s sonic booms were from completely different systems.

Zhou Wen relied on the Chaos Egg to take a beating. At the same time, he summoned the Golden Wyrm Scissors and ordered it to attack Starlord Titan Gate.

However, not long after the Golden Wyrm Scissors flew out, its flying speed became slower and slower. Before it reached Starlord Titan Gate, the Golden Wyrm Scissors stopped.

No way? Starlord Titan Gate’s howl is so powerful that even the Golden Wyrm Scissors’ attack can’t completely tear through it??Zhou Wen was alarmed.

Something even more unbelievable happened next. The Golden Wyrm Scissors flew back and fiercely rushed at the Chaos Egg.

The Chaos Egg had no chance of dodging amidst the sonic booms. As for the Golden Wyrm Scissors’ destructive power, even the Chaos Egg couldn’t completely withstand it. A hole was torn open at the snipping point.

The howl rushed in through the hole, and then the phone screen went black.

What happened? Why did the Golden Wyrm Scissors suddenly turn against me??Zhou Wen hurriedly checked the Golden Wyrm Scissors’ information and realized that it was still intact. It was still his Companion Beast, so there wasn’t any problem.

However, he couldn’t figure out why the Golden Wyrm Scissors had suddenly lost control and attacked him.