Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1552: Four Dinosaurs Battling the Ravenous Wolf

Translator: CKtalon

Upon seeing the little beast’s actions, Zhou Wen knew that it had definitely discovered the two puppets in the grave. However, from its appearance, it was difficult to tell if the puppets were a blessing or a curse.

Zhou Wen walked back, but the tiny beast didn’t leave. It circled the bronze artifact many times, but it didn’t lunge forward.

Could it be that there’s something inside this radish-like bronze artifact??Zhou Wen guessed.

Previously, the little beast had gnawed the metal walnut, producing Tai Sui. If this radish was the same as the metal walnut, there might be a Companion Beast inside. That would be interesting.

However, the reason the little beast could bite through the metal walnut in the past was that it wasn’t too hard. Zhou Wen couldn’t even leave a dent in this thing, so it was impossible for the little beast to bite through it.

Therefore, although the little beast was very greedy, it didn’t want to take the bronze artifact for itself. It was probably because it couldn’t bite through it.

Zhou Wen didn’t know if the bronze artifact had anything to do with how the people in Regretless City were born at the Legendary or Epic stage, but other than that, he couldn’t find anything else. He couldn’t really tear down Regretless City, right?

Even if he dug three feet deep, he might not be able to find any treasures. This was because Zhou Wen might not even recognize a treasure when he saw one.

Those that could glow weren’t necessarily treasures. Most likely, it was an electric lamp. Even if it sounded by itself, it might not be a treasure. It was also possible that it was a phone. Finding treasures was a technical job. It was useless looking at its appearance. One had to understand its nature.

After returning to the city, before Zhou Wen could walk back to the cemetery, he saw the Cube in the middle of the street vibrate. The screen lit up and the scene of Dubhe Palace appeared.

Another person is challenging the Star Palace??Zhou Wen stopped in front of the Cube to take a look.

There were only two names on the rankings now. One was Saint Jiuyang, and the other was Fire-Armored God from before. They had only chosen to challenge Dubhe Palace. After passing, they didn’t head for the next Star Palace.

This time, a triceratops appeared in Dubhe Palace. It was silver-white in color, as though it was made of white gold. As its body was too heavy, the ground seemed to tremble with every step it took.

The triceratops on Earth should be vegetarians, right??Zhou Wen muttered inwardly.

Before he could continue thinking, he saw another dinosaur appear. It was a pterosaur. Its entire body was golden, like a flying golden statue.

Following that, two more dinosaurs appeared. One looked like a tyrannosaurus, while the other looked like a stegosaurus. The tyrannosaurus looked like black iron, and the stegosaurus looked like it was made of bronze.

The appearance of the four dinosaurs immediately attracted the attention of many people.

“Where do these dinosaurs come from? Isn’t it said that dinosaurs went extinct a long time ago?” F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

“They are definitely not dinosaurs from Earth.”

“These four dinosaurs look very strong.”

As everyone was discussing, the triceratops had already taken the lead and rushed over to slam open Dubhe Palace’s door.

The four dinosaurs charged into Dubhe Palace together. When Starlord Ravenous Wolf saw them, he threw a punch as a terrifying blast of light shone on them.

“Holy sh*t, they actually survived!” Everyone was alarmed. The four dinosaurs had actually survived the damage from the light blast. Furthermore, they didn’t rush towards the teleportation nexus, but towards Starlord Ravenous Wolf.

A huge battle immediately broke out in the Star Palace. The four dinosaurs attacked Starlord Ravenous Wolf who was no weakling. Although the blast of light failed to kill the four dinosaurs, his speed and strength weren’t inferior to the four dinosaurs. Despite fighting four alone, he remained impressive and wasn’t at a disadvantage.

Although the Cube allowed ordinary people to see battles between high-level creatures in the past, human eyesight couldn’t keep up with the speed of the battle. In fact, when it really began, all the average person saw was shimmering light, not the exact scenes of the battle.

Zhou Wen watched with relish. The four dinosaurs were clearly at the Human Realm, one level lower than Starlord Ravenous Wolf. However, their abilities were very special. They used four different Calamity Zones to cooperate with each other. Together with the various skills they were good at, they were actually able to fight the Hell-level Starlord Ravenous Wolf without being at a disadvantage.

They even had a slight advantage. If they continued fighting, they might really have a chance of defeating Starlord Ravenous Wolf.

Furthermore, it was apparent that the four dinosaurs had extremely high intelligence. it was obvious that these fellows were even cleverer than most humans from the way they cooperated.

The pterosaur ‘s attack was as fast as lightning, but Zhou Wen paid more attention to its Calamity Zone. It seemed to be a wind-elemental domain. In its domain, the speed of the four dinosaurs increased. They were actually comparable to the Hell-level Starlord Ravenous Wolf.

The triceratops’s Calamity Zone was very strange. After watching for a while, Zhou Wen could only tell that it was likely a power similar to a gravity domain. It greatly limited Starlord Ravenous Wolf, making it difficult for him to make full use of his advantage.

The tyrannosaurus’s Calamity Zone increased the offensive strength of the four dinosaurs. The stegosaurus’s Calamity Zone was a recovery-type Calamity Zone. Once the four dinosaurs were injured, they would quickly heal under the influence of the stegosaurus’s Calamity Zone.

The stegosaurus’s Calamity Zone played a huge role in allowing the four dinosaurs to withstand the blast of light.

Under the combined forces of the four Human Realm dinosaurs, Starlord Ravenous Wolf, who was at the Hell level, was restrained.

This was also the first time Zhou Wen had seen Starlord Ravenous Wolf fight. When he had been in the middle of the battle, he couldn’t see anything. He didn’t know how Starlord Ravenous Wolf and the Golden Wyrm Scissors fought. All he knew was that the Golden Wyrm Scissors had snipped off Starlord Ravenous Wolf’s head.

Now, after watching Starlord Ravenous Wolf fight, he realized that this fellow was crazy. He was very strong in every aspect. His entire body was almost a combat weapon. He was an existence that could even kill someone with his buttocks.

Just any random move by Starlord Ravenous Wolf was a unique move that ordinary people could spend their entire lives studying and practicing.

Even Zhou Wen was inspired when he saw it. Starlord Ravenous Wolf was like a martial arts library.

In a one-on-one battle, unless it’s a fellow like the Golden Wyrm Scissors who can’t be killed in one strike, it’s really difficult to defeat Starlord Ravenous Wolf.?Zhou Wen had to admit that Starlord Ravenous Wolf was too powerful in combat.

Its only weakness was that it was easily restricted by external forces. Just like the triceratops’s gravity domain, it restrained him greatly, making it difficult for him to unleash his full strength.

What a pity. Even the strong can’t beat a numbers game. No matter how strong an individual is, they ultimately can’t defeat a team.?For some reason, Zhou Wen hoped that Starlord Ravenous Wolf would win.

Unfortunately, the miracle didn’t happen.. With the cooperation of the four dinosaurs, after fighting for more than thirty hours, the triceratops’s long horn pierced through Starlord Ravenous Wolf’s chest.