Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1553: Domain Stacking

F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Translator: CKtalon

Starlord Ravenous Wolf’s corpse was quickly torn apart by the four dinosaurs. A purple dimensional crystal dropped and was swallowed by the tyrannosaurus. It was impossible to see what crystal it was.

After the four dinosaurs killed Starlord Ravenous Wolf, they roared at the sky and rushed into the teleportation nexus before disappearing.

They didn’t choose to enter the next Star Palace either. Instead, they left. The Cube’s screen returned to the Cube’s ranking.

The first place which was originally occupied by Saint Jiuyang was now occupied by the name ‘Four Dinosaur Kings.’ Saint Jiuyang and Fire-Armored God were ranked second and third.

“These fellows are really dinosaurs. Could they be dinosaurs that left Earth?”

“It’s really possible. It’s a mystery why the dinosaurs went extinct on Earth. Perhaps the dinosaurs didn’t go extinct at all. They only evolved to a certain extent and rushed out of Earth to enter a Universe Era.”

“In that case, how many dinosaurs are there in the universe?”

“Don’t you find it strange? Previously, in the Venusian dimensional zone, every clearer obtained a metal Companion Egg, but these clearers didn’t seem to obtain anything?”

Someone discovered the crux of the problem. Just this comment was quickly drowned by the news regarding the dinosaurs.

The various families also saw new hope from these dinosaurs. Through the cooperation of various domains, they could actually kill Starlord Ravenous Wolf. This was clearly a shortcut.

Zhou Wen was also very interested in the cooperation of such domains. He was the owner of multiple domains, so he had been studying how to maximize the effects of his various abilities.

However, this was because the Essence Energy Arts he cultivated had their own characteristics. Although it wasn’t that he couldn’t have them working together, they lacked in synergy. Typically, he matched a few abilities such as Godfiend Era and the Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping Art.

However, once he obtained the Calamity Zone, things might turn for the better.

The stacking of multiple domains might have unexpected benefits.

Apart from the Chaos Egg’s Calamity Zone that’s inconvenient to stack, the other domains should be able to stack. I have to think of a way to get those dimensional zones out as soon as possible. Perhaps I can kill Starlord Ravenous Wolf at the Terror grade via stacking them.?Zhou Wen thought to himself about how he could get the other Essence Energy Arts to produce a domain.

The First Order of Chaos and the Ancient Sovereign Sutra have already condensed domains. Among the remaining Essence Energy Arts, the ones that are easier to match with dimensional zones should be the Dao Sutra and the Demon God Bloodline Catalog. The Dao Sutra comes from Mount Laojun, while the Demon God Bloodline Catalog comes from Chess Mountain. They have a clear origin. Presumably, the opportunity for them to advance to the Calamity Zone lies in these two places. Unfortunately, the dimensional creatures in these two places are too powerful. I’m still unable to clear them up to now. It will probably be very difficult to find the key object to condense a domain.?Zhou Wen had no choice but to temporarily give up on the two Essence Energy Arts.

Of the remaining Essence Energy Arts, Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping Art came from the Endless Sea of Stars. However, despite repeatedly grinding the Endless Sea of Stars, Zhou Wen failed to find any key objects.

Most importantly, the Endless Sea of Stars was just too huge. It was unknown how long it would take to traverse its entirety. Finding something inside was no different from finding a needle in a haystack. The difficulty was in no way inferior to Chess Mountain and Mount Laojun.

The Godfiend Era and Qi Refinement Art didn’t have any corresponding dimensional zones for the time being. Zhou Wen had also gone to the Small Buddha Temple corresponding to the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra many times, but he failed to find the key object needed to advance to the Calamity grade.

After some thought, Zhou Wen felt that he could continue searching Small Buddha Temple. After all, that place was relatively small. If there was really something that could advance to the Calamity grade, the chances of finding it were higher.

He could also give the Qi Refinement Art a shot. It probably wouldn’t be easy to find a dimensional zone that corresponded to the Godfiend Era, but with the Qi Refinement Art, Zhou Wen already had a goal in mind.

Although the Qi Refinement Art was mainly focused on Qi Refinement, everyone had different cultivation directions. They determined the huge differences amongst people despite being the same Qi Refinement Art.

Taking Zhou Wen’s Qi Refinement Art as an example, the Life Soul he condensed was a sword, while Hui Wan condensed an AI that resembled a phone. They were two completely different things, and the subsequent styles would deviate further.

With his current insights, Zhou Wen felt that his Qi Refinement Art was actually rather suitable for the Ancient Sword Tomb. He wanted to go to the Ancient Sword Tomb to see if he could condense a domain with the Qi Refinement Art.

Furthermore, Zhou Wen had a goal in mind. He wasn’t speaking without reason.

In the Ancient Sword Tomb, there was a sword that Zhou Wen had been unable to pull out. Furthermore, every time Zhou Wen pulled out the sword, the entire Ancient Sword Tomb would tremble as though all the swords were about to fly out by themselves.

It was a grayish-black vine sword embedded in a small mound. Zhou Wen had been unable to pull it out when his level was low. He still failed to pull it out when he reached the Terror grade.

He didn’t make any attempts after that. If it wasn’t for the problem of the Qi Refinement Sword, Zhou Wen would have forgotten about pulling out the sword.

Now, he suspected that the vine sword was likely the core of the Ancient Sword Tomb, the key to advancing to the Calamity grade.

Of course, this was only Zhou Wen’s guess. Even if the vine sword was really the core of the Ancient Sword Tomb, it was still a question if it could match his Qi Refinement Art.

Furthermore, Zhou Wen wasn’t sure if it was an item that could allow him to advance to the Calamity grade. Perhaps it was because it was too powerful that he couldn’t pull it out.

He came to the Ancient Sword Tomb again. It had been a long time since Zhou Wen had grinded there. He found it somewhat unfamiliar.

Thankfully, Zhou Wen’s memory wasn’t bad. He quickly found the tiny grave. The vine sword embedded in it was the same as before. It looked like a withered vine had been stabbed into it.

I hope it works. Otherwise, I really don’t know where I can find a dimensional zone that matches the Qi Refinement Art.?Although Zhou Wen also wanted to go to the Founding Emperor Tomb, there was nothing there that matched Qi Refinement Arts, much less something that matched the Qi Refinement Art that Zhou Wen cultivated. He felt that the chances were very slim.

He came in front of the vine sword and circulated the Qi Refinement Art. Immediately, sword beams seeped out from his body. The Sword Pill condensed from Essence Energy also emitted sword intent in his consciousness.

With a thought from Zhou Wen, Sword Pill immediately transformed into something very similar to the Immortal Culling Sword. The sword intent on the sword became even sharper and more ferocious.

With a terrifying sword aura and sword intent, Zhou Wen reached out to grab the hilt of the vine sword. He immediately exerted strength, hoping to pull the vine sword out of the tiny grave.

The vine sword was originally grayish-black and withered, making it look like a dead vine.. Now that Zhou Wen was pulling at it, the vine sword emitted a strange sword intent that resembled a blooming flower.