Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1554: Pulling out the Sword

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen pulled up the vine sword inch by inch. The sword intent on the vine sword became stronger and stronger. It began to spew out fireworks. In the end, it was like a volcanic eruption that nearly tore through the sky.

Zhou Wen was a swordsman himself and was proficient in the three thousand sword intents, but he had never seen the vine sword’s sword intent.

Instead of calling it a sword intent, it was more like a concept of life. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Rumble!

The entire Ancient Sword Tomb shook as countless swords hummed above the grave, as though they would fly out at any moment, heading straight for Zhou Wen who was pulling at the sword.

Zhou Wen was pleasantly surprised as he looked at the Ancient Sword Tomb that was shaking and surging with sword beams. He was delighted because the vine sword was likely the core of the Ancient Sword Tomb. Perhaps the Qi Refinement Art had a chance of advancing to the Calamity grade.

However, from the looks of the Ancient Sword Tomb’s situation, if all the swords really tore out of the grave and attacked Zhou Wen, he might not be able to handle the countless swords while pulling at the sword.

Amitabha. Please bless me to pull out the vine sword safely. Before I advance to the Calamity grade, don’t let those swords come out,?Zhou Wen prayed inwardly.

However, the worst of his fears happened. Halfway through pulling the vine sword, Zhou Wen suddenly heard a crisp and dull sword hum. It was like the sound of thousands of swords being unsheathed in a kill zone.

Oh no! Zhou Wen cursed inwardly as he took a glance. Indeed, he saw the swords in the grave fly out and float in the sky like a sea of stars. At a glance, the sky was filled with resplendent sword beams. He couldn’t see the end, nor did he know how many swords there were.

Just as Zhou Wen took a glance, he saw the swords that filled the sky had their tips pointed at him from all directions.

At that instant, Zhou Wen suddenly felt as though the entire world was his enemy. The feeling of being alone and helpless left him shuddering in fear.

Without any pause, all the swords erupted with all sorts of sword auras, sword beams, and sword intents. The sword beams that filled the sky intertwined and rained down from above.

At this point, Zhou Wen couldn’t give up. All he could do was continue pulling at the sword as he prepared to withstand the onslaught of the swords.

“Activate!” Zhou Wen activated the First Order of Chaos domain. Glimmering words appeared and enveloped his body, forming the shape of a Chaos Egg.

Inside the Chaos Egg, Zhou Wen held the hilt with both hands as he pulled upwards with all his might. Outside, countless swords rained down on the Chaos Egg.

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

It was better to die in glory than live in dishonor—the swords seemed to have the determination to destroy indiscriminately. They used all their strength to slam into the Chaos Egg, not sparing themselves at all.

The low-level swords slammed into the Chaos Egg and shattered. The high-level swords slammed into it and drilled in with all their might until their bodies collapsed under the immense pressure.

Sword beams rained down in waves, crazily striking the Chaos Egg as large amounts of solid Essence Energy condensed inside.

If it were the Chaos Egg before it advanced to the Calamity grade, it would have long exploded. Thankfully, after advancing to the Calamity grade, the Essence Energy Crystals in it could be stacked, so he wasn’t worried about it exploding.

I’m still one-third away from pulling it out. From the looks of it, I should be able to withstand it,?Zhou Wen thought to himself as he pulled. Although the sword attacks outside were ferocious, they weren’t enough to break through the Chaos Egg’s defense.

While having this thought, he suddenly heard a tearing sound. A sword blade pierced through the Chaos Egg’s outer shell before a portion of the sword stabbed into Zhou Wen’s chest.

If not for the Chaos Egg blocking most of its strength, Zhou Wen’s chest would have been penetrated.

Even though the Chaos Egg blocked most of the blade’s strength, a terrifying sword beam still rushed out of the blade and wreaked havoc in Zhou Wen’s body.

The sword beam was extremely terrifying. Apart from the Immortal Culling Sword, Zhou Wen had never seen such a violent sword beam. The moment the sword beam entered his body, it immediately spread out like a virus, wanting to destroy all the cells in his body, in a bid to not even leave ashes.

Zhou Wen hurriedly circulated the Qi Refinement Art and condensed sword beams to resist the terrifying destructive sword beams.

Zhou Wen’s sword beams were considered extremely condensed against sword beams at the same level. As they were constantly compressed from Essence Energy, it was very difficult for ordinary sword beams to withstand Zhou Wen’s.

However, when compared to the destructive sword beams, Zhou Wen’s sword beams appeared somewhat lacking in precision. It was like the difference between tempered steel and ordinary raw metal.

Zhou Wen’s sword beams retreated in defeat as his cells were constantly destroyed. His body couldn’t withstand such terrifying sword beams after his sword beams collapsed.

And this is with the Chaos Egg blocking most of the force. There’s actually such a terrifying sword in the Ancient Sword Tomb??Zhou Wen was alarmed. Thankfully, this was in-game. If it was in reality, he would have long abandoned the sword and fled. He wouldn’t have the time to pull out the sword.

However, Zhou Wen was still willing to take the risk in-game. He gathered all his strength and suddenly exerted all his strength to pull out the sword. He wanted to pull out the vine sword before he was destroyed.

Only a small portion of the vine sword remained in the grave. The blood-colored avatar’s chest collapsed at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Outside the Chaos Egg, the thousands of swords continued attacking crazily. Although Zhou Wen knew that even if he pulled out the vine sword, it would be difficult for him to escape death, he still wanted to see if there was a chance of advancing to the Calamity grade after pulling it out.

Will I die first, or will I pull out the vine sword first??Zhou Wen could sense that the flesh on the blood-colored avatar’s chest had almost completely collapsed. Thankfully, his physique was sufficiently powerful. If it were an ordinary person, they would have long died.

Even Zhou Wen’s body was at its limits. The game could go black at any moment.

At the instant Zhou Wen thought he was about to die, he finally pulled out the vine sword. As he had used so much strength, he ended up lifting it above his head.

The extremely powerful sword intent on the vine sword exploded like a nuclear bomb at that instant.

Wherever the sword intent passed, the thousands of swords that were attacking Zhou Wen seemed to lose their souls as they fell like snowflakes.

Even the sword embedded in Zhou Wen’s chest strangely and slowly retreated.

The sword beams that could destroy everything receded like a tidal wave as the blade pulled out of Zhou Wen’s chest and left the Chaos Egg.

In the next second, the sword intent emitted by the vine sword surged towards the Sword Pill that Zhou Wen had condensed.