Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1558: Intangibility and Corporeality

Translator: CKtalon

The Son of Heaven’s Three Swords’ hum turned sharper when it realized that Zhou Wen wasn’t completely dead. The swords that filled the sky immediately struck down, hoping to dice Zhou Wen’s body to pieces.

On the other side, the ancient sword also realized that Zhou Wen wasn’t dead. It flew over again. This time, its target wasn’t his chest, but Zhou Wen’s head.

Zhou Wen wasn’t Li Xuan. It was impossible for him to live with his head pierced. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

He completely gave up on resistance. He had no intention of controlling the blood-colored avatar, but the blood-colored avatar began moving under the driving force of the sword intent in his body.

Sword Pill appeared and transformed into the vine sword. It was held in the blood-colored avatar’s hand as it fought the swords.

Zhou Wen had previously been the one gaming, but now, he felt like he was having a bot play for him. As he watched the blood-colored avatar automatically fight, the weapons that were killed would occasionally drop dimensional crystals or Companion Eggs.

Seeing a Mythical Companion Egg drop, Zhou Wen wanted to pick it up, but he couldn’t. All he could do was watch.

The vine sword’s body had already turned to dust, but now, it was using Sword Pill as its new vessel. Sword Pill’s strength became stronger and stronger, as did its domain.

Many of the swords that approached Sword Pill fell to the ground uncontrollably. Only the especially powerful swords could reach the blood-colored avatar, but the power of the swords became limp as though they lacked strength.

The vine sword’s strength wasn’t weaker than the ancient sword. It only had half its strength left previously to fight the ancient sword. Now, its strength was all inside Sword Pill, so it didn’t appear as weak in battle as before.

However, as Sword Pill’s domain hadn’t completely taken form, it was still difficult for it to fight the ancient sword head-on. Therefore, Sword Pill kept dodging and stalling for time while pulling Zhou Wen’s body along.

Once its strength perfectly fused with Sword Pill, allowing it to advance to the Calamity grade, it would truly have the capital to fight the ancient sword.

Dream on. How can it be as you wish??Zhou Wen sneered inwardly. It was finally time for him to put in the effort.

Previously, the vine sword was independent of his body, but it was different now. The vine sword’s sword intent had completely fused into Sword Pill. It no longer had a body that could be used as a foundation to exert strength, so it relied solely on its will to control Sword Pill.

Sword Pill belonged to Zhou Wen; it was condensed using Zhou Wen’s body as a foundation, making it easier for him to control it.

The vine sword believed that its sword intent was powerful enough that no one could withstand it. It believed that its sword intent could crush Zhou Wen’s will and easily obtain control of Sword Pill.

Under normal circumstances, it was indeed the case. The vine sword could easily shatter the three thousand sword intents. Such intent was indeed very strong, so strong that Zhou Wen found it unimaginable.

Zhou Wen was far from reaching that stage, but this didn’t mean that he didn’t have the ability to resist. Zhou Wen’s realm might be lacking, but in terms of willpower, he was invincible. Perhaps defeating the vine sword’s intent was difficult, but it was still possible to hold it back.

The vine sword intent controlled Sword Pill for the battle when it suddenly stopped. Sword Pill, which was supposed to slash right, paused for a moment, failing to block the ancient sword.

The ancient sword stabbed into the blood-colored avatar’s abdomen as a terrifying sword aura immediately surged in, wreaking havoc in Zhou Wen’s body.

The sword intent and sword aura in Sword Pill immediately surged over, hoping to withstand the sword aura that invaded his body. However, only the sword intent rushed over without the sword aura.

Zhou Wen was temporarily unable to control the sword intent brought about by the vine sword, but it wasn’t that simple for the vine sword to borrow the sword aura in Sword Pill. It had to first suppress Zhou Wen’s willpower.

The ancient sword’s aura rapidly spread through Zhou Wen’s body as the sword intent retreated in defeat. Sword intent was only sword intent after all. Without the fusion with corporeal powers like sword aura, sword intent was far inferior to sword aura in terms of destructive power.

The Calamity Zone that it had painstakingly condensed quickly collapsed.

It should be ending soon, right??Zhou Wen felt that he was doomed this time. It was unlikely there would be a turnaround.

It was indeed as Zhou Wen had imagined. The sword aura constantly tore through the blood-colored avatar’s body, putting it on the brink of collapse. In at most twenty to thirty seconds, the body under the corrosion of the sword aura would completely lose its vitality.

Zhou Wen waited for death to arrive while admiring the hopelessness of the vine sword intent.

Why aren’t you showing your arrogance anymore? Where did the arrogance from before go??Zhou Wen was somewhat smug, but on second thought, he was the one who wanted to use the power of the vine sword to advance to the Calamity grade. It didn’t seem wrong for it to give him strength. It was just a little too assertive.

With this in mind, Zhou Wen immediately felt disinterested. This clearly couldn’t be considered a victory. He just didn’t like it and wanted to change the Calamity Zone.

“Sorry, I can’t do anything about it. Your strength is different from the power I want. I have no choice.” Zhou Wen watched as the sword intent was constantly eliminated. As he watched, an idea suddenly flashed in his mind.

While the ancient sword’s sword aura destroyed Zhou Wen’s body, it also destroyed the resisting sword intent. During this process, Zhou Wen discovered an interesting phenomenon.

Sword auras and sword intents were actually two completely different things. Sword auras were corporeal, while sword intents were intangible.

Under normal circumstances, sword intent couldn’t directly affect matter itself. It could only affect one’s psyche. However, because of the potency of the vine sword’s sword intent, it affected tangible objects. Therefore, it could resist the sword aura.

The clash between tangible and intangible objects made Zhou Wen discover something very interesting.

Is an intangible object really formless and intangible??Zhou Wen had thought so in the past, but after seeing the clash between the sword auras and sword intents, he realized that it wasn’t that simple.

The sword intent affected his body. It was originally impossible for his body to resist such a terrifying sword aura, but under the effects of the intangible sword intent, his body’s strength was strengthened to the point of being able to withstand the sword aura slightly.

This enhancement was extremely shocking. It was clearly an illusion that was similar to a dream, but it could be used in reality.

Could it be that intangible objects can really be transformed into something corporeal??Zhou Wen’s heart stirred as he released his control over Sword Pill. Then, he used his willpower to influence Sword Pill and stimulate its sword intent.

With the vine sword intent receiving help, it stabilized the crumbling situation, preventing Zhou Wen from immediately dying.

Zhou Wen naturally wasn’t doing this to help the vine sword intent.. He just wanted to observe for a while and see what the secret between intangibility and corporeality was.