Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1561: Heaven Defying Slaying

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen wasn’t willing to provoke it either. Although the Qi Refinement Art had advanced to the Calamity grade, it was still no match for the ancient sword in terms of combat strength.

He picked up the Companion Eggs that had dropped from the Calamity-grade ancient swords and absorbed the other useful Companion Eggs and dimensional crystals.

Now that he had the Beginningless Sword Domain, other than the ancient sword, the other ancient swords were free for slaughter. It felt great farming them.

After farming the entire Ancient Sword Tomb once, four Mythical and one Terror-grade Companion Eggs dropped. Together with the Calamity-grade Companion Egg, Zhou Wen was very satisfied with his harvest.

Red Night: Calamity-grade.

Life Providence: Sword of the Emperor

Life Soul: Red Dragon

Wheel of Destiny: Meridian Slaying

Terror Form: Red Night

Calamity Zone: Heaven-defying Slaying (Human Realm) Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

…

The stats of Red Night weren’t very high. Among Zhou Wen’s few Calamity-grade Companion Beasts, it was considered the weakest. It couldn’t evolve, nor did it have an S-grade Terror transformation. Its skills were very ordinary, and its combat strength wasn’t very good.

However, its Calamity Zone was rather interesting when Zhou Wen gave it a try. This Heaven-defying Slaying Zone sounded like an offensive domain, but it wasn’t.

It was a very strange domain. If Zhou Wen couldn’t see the data of characters, it would have been difficult for him to sense the effects of this domain.

The Heaven-defying Slaying Zone was actually a domain that controlled the light shone from providence. It could eliminate the negative and boost the positive.

Usually, the effect of this domain was to increase the light one received from providence depending on the situation. For example, the drop rate would be higher. It wasn’t of much use.

If someone used powers related to providence to secretly deal with Zhou Wen, the sword would show its usefulness.

However, Zhou Wen had Dao Sutra and Truth Listener. Even without this sword, the techniques involving the light from providence weren’t of much use to him. However, with this sword, Zhou Wen could not only defend against it, but he could also counterattack.

The sword’s good, but unfortunately, its combat strength is a little weak. Its various attributes are slightly higher than the Calamity grade standard. It’s considered the weakest Calamity-grade creature.?Zhou Wen looked at the Red Night and had some other thoughts.

The most useful thing about this sword is its Calamity Zone. The other abilities are very ordinary. If I fuse it with the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General, wouldn’t I be able to push the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General to the Calamity grade? It’s best if it can inherit the Heaven-defying Slaying Calamity Zone. If it can’t, having a new Calamity Zone can’t be a loss, Zhou Wen thought to himself.

However, when he thought of the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s Jinxes Master skill, Zhou Wen was somewhat hesitant.

A Calamity-grade Jinxes Master was no joking matter.

However, on the other hand, the temptation of the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General advancing to the Calamity grade was too great for Zhou Wen. It was practically born for the Big Dipper dungeon. In a high-temperature area like a star, the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General was an invincible existence.

It could already withstand Starlord Ravenous Wolf’s blast of light at the Terror grade. If it advanced to the Calamity grade, Zhou Wen might be able to clear the Big Dipper instance dungeon with just this Companion Beast.

Of course, the green-armored Starlord on Phecda was an exception. He had a very strange ability, and a special ability was probably needed to deal with him. He wasn’t likely to be killed simply with powerful offensive strength.

Gritting his teeth, Zhou Wen placed Red Night and the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General in the fusion column. Seeing that the compatibility was only 2%, he steeled his heart and clicked on ‘Fusion.’

With a flash of light, Red Night which was in the supplementary material column vanished. The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General underwent a new change.

The change this time wasn’t significant. His appearance didn’t seem to have changed much, but the purple flames inside his armor flickered erratically. It seemed to have changed, but it wasn’t too obvious.

Could it be that he hasn’t advanced to the Calamity grade??Zhou Wen hurriedly looked at the information on the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General: Calamity (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Malicious Evil

Life Soul: Tiger Soul Runes

Wheel of Destiny: Ferocious and Evil

Terror Form: Devil Knight (S-grade)

Calamity Zone: Heaven-defying Slaying (Human Realm)

Strength: 100

Speed: 100

Constitution: 100

Essence Energy: 100

Talent Skill: Tempered Steel Cauldron, Rampage, Magic Stone Curse, One with Horse, Penetrating Pierce, Evil Penetration, Badlands, Jinxes Master, Crazy Sweep, Life Slaying.

Companion Form: None

Seeing that the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General had really advanced to the Calamity grade, Zhou Wen heaved a sigh of relief. This was a fusion at the cost of a Calamity-grade Companion Egg. If he hadn’t advanced, it would have been a huge loss.

Thankfully, the outcome wasn’t too bad. The Calamity Zone was inherited, and there was an additional Life Slaying skill. This skill seemed to be a skill that was compatible with the domain. It could only be used when the Heaven-defying Slaying Zone was activated.

“Tiger Soul General, o’ Tiger Soul General. It wasn’t easy for me to raise you up. You should give me something in return, right?” Zhou Wen left the Ancient Sword Tomb and dripped his blood to refresh the dungeon. He planned on grinding the Ancient Sword Tomb dungeon a few more times. Perhaps he could farm another Calamity-grade Companion Beast.

However, after Zhou Wen entered the dungeon, he realized that the vine sword was gone. The swords above the Mythical stage were also gone. Only the powerful ancient sword remained.

I reckon it will take 24 hours to respawn like other Mythical creatures.?Zhou Wen had no choice but to leave the Ancient Sword Tomb dungeon.

I wonder how Guide City is doing. With Li Xuan and company around, there shouldn’t be any major problems, right??Zhou Wen was somewhat vexed. Demonic Neonate hadn’t woken up, and he didn’t know how long she would be sleeping.

It was impossible for Zhou Wen to keep waiting. He was now prepared to think of a way to return through the Cube.

Now, there was another problem that Zhou Wen found troublesome. Demonic Neonate was Zhou Wen’s Companion Beast and was one with him, but she couldn’t return to Zhou Wen. If he took her into the Cube, he didn’t know if she would be considered a person.

If she counted as one, he only needed to bring Liz and Leem along to enter the Cube. If she didn’t count, he would have to find another person.

Regardless of whether he wanted to find someone else, Zhou Wen had to ensure their safety.

Previously, when Jiuyang and company entered the Cube, there were definitely four people in the beginning. However, the other three were probably just tools.

Zhou Wen guessed that the three of them definitely weren’t of a high level and were there just to make up the numbers. After entering, they couldn’t withstand the high temperature and had no chance of appearing on the Cube’s screen before turning to ashes.

Zhou Wen wasn’t that ruthless, so he definitely couldn’t do such a thing.

Demonic Neonate’s safety wasn’t difficult to resolve. He could protect her within the Chaos Egg.

The main problem was Liz, Leem, and company. The Chaos Egg couldn’t accommodate them.

I guess this is the only way.?Zhou Wen thought for a moment before calling Liz and Leem over.

“Do you know how to use Companion Beasts?” Zhou Wen asked Liz and Leem.

“Master, what’s a Companion Beast?” The two sisters were taken aback as they asked in puzzlement.