Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1562: Fire-Runic Divine Armor Queen

That’s right. In such a place, they don’t have the ability to hunt dimensional creatures. How can they have Companion Beasts? It’s only normal to be unaware of them, Zhou Wen thought.

“Companion Beasts are pets that help you in combat. Furthermore, these pets are loyal. Even if you get them to carry out a mission that they know they will die, they won’t hesitate to carry it out,” Zhou Wen said.

“Master, we are willing to sacrifice everything for you. If you want us to die, we will not hesitate… If we do anything wrong, please punish us.” The two girls clearly misunderstood Zhou Wen’s intentions and immediately knelt down.

“Get up.” Zhou Wen knew that there was no way to explain it to them as he gave the order.

The two girls’ eyes were still brimming with tears as though the tears would fall at any moment. However, they still obeyed Zhou Wen’s orders and stood up.

“I want to bestow each of you a Companion Beast. Take in the feelings of having a Companion Beast.” Zhou Wen’s Sky-Stealing Sun-Swapping Art could transfer Companion Beasts to other humans.

However, Liz and Leem weren’t humans from Earth. He didn’t know if they could use Companion Beasts, so an experiment was needed.

He transferred two Heavy-Armored Warriors to Liz and Leem, making them feel a little nervous and amazed. They were even somewhat alarmed. From their expressions, Zhou Wen knew that he had succeeded. Like ordinary humans, they had the ability to use Companion Beasts.

“Master, is this a Companion Beast? It’s really magical. Thank you for the reward. I will definitely be like a Companion Beast, working hard for you until my death.” Liz took in the sensations awarded by the Companion Beast and looked at Zhou Wen with admiration.

“Master, me too.” Leem was very excited. She had already summoned the Heavy-Armored Warrior and was curiously sizing him up.

Things will be simple since they can use Companion Beasts.?Zhou Wen only needed to give them Companion Beasts that could withstand high temperatures and make them persist until they entered the dungeon. Then, as long as they didn’t die, Zhou Wen could send them into the chaos space and clear the dungeon alone.

The main problem was that there was no way to store them in the chaos space before he entered the Cube’s dungeon. They had to withstand the high temperature for a brief period after being teleported in.

Of course, ordinary armor couldn’t withstand such high temperatures, but this wasn’t too much of a problem for Zhou Wen.

Let me see. What should I fuse to form highly fire-resistant armor??Zhou Wen began studying the Companion Beasts he had, especially the ones in the fire-elemental instance dungeons.

There were many fire-elemental Companion Beasts in the Metalwork Temple. A single fire-elemental Companion Beast definitely couldn’t withstand such high temperatures, but Zhou Wen had Fusion.

As long as he turned a Companion Beast’s Life Providence, Life Soul, and Wheel of Destiny into some form of fire-elemental resistance, they would be able to use some fire-elemental resistance skills to withstand the high temperature.

Of course, Zhou Wen still needed to experiment after completion. If it didn’t work, he could think of a way to fuse the armor until they reached the Terror grade. That would solve all problems.

Firstly, Zhou Wen planned on using the Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior as a foundation. The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General had fused with it, making it an important part of him.

Zhou Wen didn’t expect the newly fused Companion Beasts to be as strong as the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General. All he needed was enough fire-elemental resistance.

He chose some fire-elemental Companion Beasts that had higher compatibility with Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior before attempting to fuse them.

There were many Companion Beasts with fire-elemental abilities. Furthermore, they could replicate the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s pathway and obtain some useful skills.

After a few attempts, Zhou Wen realized that it was impossible to replicate the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s pathway. As the compatibility was too low, it was impossible to succeed without Jinxes Master.

Zhou Wen had no choice but to choose a new fusion pathway again. He fused the Steel Cauldron Sprite, Fire Furnace Queen, Fire Giant, and other Companion Beasts with the Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior.

The outcome wasn’t optimal. The initial compatibility wasn’t bad and the success rate was rather high. Even if there were occasional failures, he could start all over again. After all, Zhou Wen had quite a number of such Companion Beasts.

However, the most critical step was the fusion with Fire Furnace Queen.

Fire Furnace Queen had a Fire Elemental Body Life Providence, Fire Crown Life Soul, and Fire Elemental Affinity skills. These skills were very suitable for Fire Resistance armor.

However, Fire Furnace Queen’s compatibility with the Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior was only a pitiful 12%. The fusions met with repeated failures.

Thankfully, Zhou Wen had farmed plenty of Companion Beasts. He would keep trying after each failure. There was bound to be an instance when he would succeed.

It was great to be rich. After dozens of fusions, he managed to obtain four. However, among the four, only two had their Life Providences and Life Souls inherited from Fire Furnace Queen. Furthermore, only one of the two had an armor companion form.

Zhou Wen could only continue fusing. It was only because Zhou Wen had many Companion Beasts that he had kept over the years. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to withstand such losses.

After almost 80 fusions, a total of three met Zhou Wen’s minimum requirements—armor form, a Fire Elemental Body Life Providence, and a Fire Crown Life Soul. Two of them had Fire Elemental Affinity.

With these three foundations, Zhou Wen began choosing highly compatible fire-elemental Companion Beasts to continue the fusion. For the advancement to the Mythical stage, Zhou Wen chose Fire Giant.

This Mythical fire-elemental Companion Beast had Flaming Rebirth as its Wheel of Destiny.

However, Fire Giant’s Flaming Rebirth was different from a phoenix’s Nirvana. A phoenix’s Nirvana was a form of true rebirth, but Flaming Rebirth was having its thick skin reborn amidst the flames. It had a powerful fire affinity. Although it wasn’t a true rebirth, it was very useful for flaming armor.

With a compatibility score of 74, he failed once when he fused the three with the Fire Giant. The one that failed was the one with Fire Elemental Affinity. It made Zhou Wen’s heart ache. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Thankfully, there were two more. It was still acceptable if one failed.

Following that, Zhou Wen became even more cautious. When he chose skills to fuse, he didn’t dare fuse those below 90% compatibility. He even chose those above 95%.

After more than a day, Zhou Wen finally succeeded in fusing two armor Companion Beasts with extremely high fire-elemental resistance.

Fire-Runic Divine Armor Queen: Mythical

Life Providence: Fire Elemental Body

Life Soul: Flaming Crown

Wheel of Destiny: Flaming Rebirth

Strength: 67

Speed: 72

Constitution: 61

Essence Energy: 80

Talent Skill: Fire Elemental Affinity, Divine Runes, Flaming Armor, Fire Shield, Fire Furnace.

Companion Form: Armor

The other’s attributes and skills were similar, but it lacked Fire Elemental Affinity.

Let’s see if this armor can withstand Dubhe’s high temperature. If it can’t, I’ll have to think of a way to fuse it with Terror-grade creatures, Zhou Wen thought to himself as he summoned the Fire-Runic Queen in her armor form..