Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1574: Megrez Star Palace

Translator: CKtalon

Although the fusion system allowed Companion Beasts to advance to a higher level, there were too many uncertain factors involved. The failure rate was too high, and it might change some important characteristics of a Companion Beast.

After all, not all Companion Beasts had Jinxes Master, so it was fine for him to occasionally try his luck or experiment with large numbers of Companion Beasts of the same type.

Zhou Wen didn’t dare randomly fuse rare Companion Beasts. If he was unlucky, he would be flabbergasted if they were destroyed.

The Samsara Stone was different. Companion Beasts that used the Samsara Stone not only had an Evolvable attribute, but they could also be renurtured. Their evolution direction was easily controlled, allowing him to forge the Companion Beast he wanted.

Who should I use this Samsara Stone on??Zhou Wen was hesitant. It wasn’t that he didn’t have a choice, but he had too many choices. Many Companion Beasts needed to evolve.

After some thought, Zhou Wen finally chose to give the Samsara Stone to the Invisibility Cloak.

The Invisibility Cloak had been very useful at the Mythical stage previously, but after reaching a higher level, Terror-grade creatures typically had extrasensory abilities. It was very difficult for the Invisibility Cloak to evade their detection.

If the Invisibility Cloak can advance to the Terror grade or even the Calamity grade, the invisibility it brings can resolve many problems, Zhou Wen thought as he placed the Invisibility Cloak and Samsara Stone together.

The Chaos Egg could be used to withstand attacks head-on, but there was ultimately a limit. Furthermore, it was easy to be trapped. If the Invisibility Cloak could prevent the Calamity-grade creatures from detecting him, Zhou Wen could secretly explore the high-level dimensional zones without risking his life.

In reality, the Invisibility Cloak was a divine artifact that could save his life.

The Invisibility Cloak didn’t change at all after the flash of light. There weren’t any changes due to its original invisibility. However, its stats had returned to the Mortal stage and it had an Evolvable attribute.

How does upgrading the Invisibility Cloak work??Zhou Wen tried using Essence Energy Crystals which turned out useful. Soon, a high-level Essence Energy Crystal was absorbed by the Invisibility Cloak.

Furthermore, the Invisibility Cloak’s level rapidly increased, jumping from the Mortal stage to the Epic stage.

Essence Energy Crystals can raise the level of the Invisibility Cloak. That makes things easier.?Zhou Wen was overjoyed.

A problem that could be resolved with Essence Energy Crystals wasn’t a problem for Zhou Wen. This was likely the easiest Companion Beast to evolve.

It was really difficult for him to evolve creatures like Banana Fairy and Evil Spirit King.

Zhou Wen placed the Essence Energy Crystal that Starlord Cherished Kismet had dropped on the Invisibility Cloak. Essence Energy immediately surged over the Invisibility Cloak, and soon, the Invisibility Cloak rose to the Mythical stage.

No way. A Calamity-grade Essence Energy Crystal only raised it to the Mythical stage??Zhou Wen felt his heart ache.

Thankfully, Zhou Wen didn’t need to grind Essence Energy Crystals. He could just get beaten up with the Chaos Egg up to produce many solid Essence Energy Crystals.

Since I’m already here, I’ll take a look at the fourth Star Palace. After all, I need to find a place to get beaten up. It doesn’t matter where I go.?Zhou Wen wanted to know what kind of dimensional creatures there were in the subsequent Star Palaces.

After feeding the dimensional crystals to the Companion Beasts that required them, he used the teleportation nexus to enter the next Star Palace.

Zhou Wen had checked the web for information on the Big Dipper. The fourth star was called Megrez. The Starlord that corresponded to it was likely the most familiar Starlord to those in the East District.

People treated those who received the title of top scholar as a mortal incarnation of Starlord Merciful Song, a testimony of how cultured this Starlord was.

For example, famous historical figures in the East District—Bao Qingtian, Wen Tianxiang, Liu Bowen, and so on—were said to be mortal incarnations of Starlord Merciful Song.

Zhou Wen didn’t know the authenticity of these claims, but how could there be books for someone to study in a place like Megrez? It was most likely a legend without merit.

After a moment of dizziness, Zhou Wen arrived in front of the Star Palace on Megrez.

This is Megrez??

Zhou Wen looked around in surprise.

As the Big Dipper consisted of stars with extremely high temperatures, ordinary humans would vaporize upon entering.

However, it wasn’t hot at all. Zhou Wen even found it refreshing as though a cold wind was blowing from Megrez Star Palace.

Looking up, there was still the boiling high-temperature liquid outside the barrier. It was not much different from the first three stars, but the color of the liquid was somewhat different.

Zhou Wen could tell that the liquid’s temperature was extremely high and extremely unstable. From time to time, he could see terrifying energy eruptions.

However, standing here, he still couldn’t feel any heat.

It should be a problem with the Star Palace, right??Zhou Wen carefully sized up the Star Palace. It looked like it was carved from white jade. Its various exquisite shapes and patterns were extremely elegant. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

After carefully taking in his surroundings, Zhou Wen immediately realized that there was indeed a cold aura emitted from the jade palace.

A scholar is indeed different. He knows how to enjoy himself by using natural cold jade to build an air-conditioned room, Zhou Wen thought to himself.

Without any hesitation, Zhou Wen pushed open the door of Megrez Star Palace with the Chaos Egg protecting him.

There were many mysterious words engraved on the walls of the Star Palace. Even the pillars had words. They had their own style, but unfortunately, Zhou Wen didn’t recognize any of them.

Starlord Merciful Song, don’t you descend to Earth often as a mortal? Can’t you at least learn the Federation’s common language? Or the East District’s ancient language? Your scribbles look good, but what’s the point of them if they can’t be understood??Zhou Wen was somewhat depressed.

The legendary Starlord Merciful Song sat on a throne in the Star Palace.

He was wearing snow-white jade armor, but the armor was as smooth as a mirror. There weren’t even any patterns, much less words.

That’s a little overboard. You are Starlord Merciful Song after all. Even if you don’t have a word on your helmet, you should at least have one on your chest. Learn from Kakarrot.?Just as Zhou Wen was thinking, he saw Starlord Merciful Song move.

Zhou Wen was alarmed. His foot hadn’t even crossed the door’s sill when Starlord Merciful Song moved. This was unprecedented among the Starlords.

Starlord Merciful Song raised his right hand. In his right hand was a book.

The book was also made of jade and had a warm luster. Starlord Merciful Song looked up at Zhou Wen before slowly opening the jade book in his hand.

Why are you flipping through the book? Don’t tell me you want to test me on my knowledge? I’ve already returned most of the things I learned in school to the tutors. Unless you want to test me on questions from my third year in primary school, I wouldn’t know how to do it either..?Just as Zhou Wen was thinking, the jade book opened and a treasure glow surged into the sky.