Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1584: Holy Artifact

Translator: CKtalon

Godsfall gritted his teeth and raised his hands to clap again. He refused to believe that Zhou Wen had all these trash Companion Beasts.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

After a series of clapping, Godsfall was covered in sweat. His eyes were red, and the veins on his forehead protruded.

‘The Companion Beasts on Zhou Wen’s body flew up like scattering petals of flowers in bloom and headed for Godsfall.

Carlos and Youkai were already stunned, but Zhou Wen was about to burst out laughing.

Godsfall’s luck was clearly not good. Among the Companion Beasts he snatched, there wasn’t even a Mythical Companion Beast, much less Prisoned Dragon. They were all Epic and Legendary Companion Beasts.

In fact, it wasn’t Godsfall’s bad luck. It could only be said to be expected.

After all, the combined ratio of Mythical and Terror-grade Companion Beasts was at most one in ten thousand. It wasn’t easy to get them from drawing one to two hundred Companion Beasts.

Ignoring ten consecutive draws, there was no guarantee of a successful draw of a Mythical Companion Beast even with a hundred consecutive draws.

After the Companion Beasts landed on Godsfall, they belonged to him. Upon receiving the information from the Companion Beasts, Godsfall’s pupils dilated as blood seeped out of the corner of his mouth.

This fellow… How many trash Companion Beasts does he have on him… Godsfall already knew that none of the Companion Beasts he had snatched were at the Mythical stage.

Even Zhou Wen didn’t know the answer to this question. He had farmed a large number of Companion Beasts for the sake of fusion. Although many low-level Companion Beasts were useless to others, their Life Providences, Life Souls, and skills might be good materials for fusion. Zhou Wen naturally Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

wouldn’t skip out on them. He had been constantly gathering Companion Beasts that were trash in the eyes of others.

Just the Companion Beasts on his back numbered in the tens of thousands. It would be difficult for Godsfall to extract the Tiger Soul General from them.

This was under the circumstances that Godsfall had made a relatively good choice. He hadn’t chosen the location of the Musical Note Sprites. Otherwise, if he tried drawing Companion Beasts from the hundreds of thousands of Musical Note Sprites, it would make Godsfall suffer a greater breakdown.

No… [can’t let this continue… That bastard is nuts… Why does he have so many trash Companion Beasts on him for no reason. From that detestable expression he’s wearing, he must still have many trash Companion Beasts. Godsfall also knew that he was at his Essence Energy limits. If he were to

continue appropriating, he would collapse without Zhou Wen needing to do a thing.

Zhou Wen was originally alarmed as he wondered if he should retreat.

However, after hearing what Godsfall said, he felt relieved and dispelled the thought of retreating, He stared at the Holy Artifact in Godsfall’s hand that was changing like a Taiji sphere, wanting to know what use it had.

In the future, he would have to fight the Holy Land, so it was better to learn more about it now.

With the Chaos Egg protecting him, Zhou Wen didn’t panic.

As the power of the Connate Insight became stronger, Godsfall’s entire body seemed to be affected by it. The Connate aura circulated between the man and the talisman, causing Godsfall to undergo a complete transformation.

Godsfall was like an ancient god. His eyes seemed to have six illusory, intersecting lines. They were like lightning as he stared at Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen felt uncomfortable as though he was being peeped at with his clothes stripped off. In the next second, Godsfall suddenly shouted, “It’s him!”

As Godsfall shouted, he extended his right thumb and middle finger and snapped his fingers.

Pa!

Although he was still using Connate Appropriation, the snap of his fingers was like a bolt from the blue. There was even a bolt of lightning that lit up between his fingers, illuminating the entire Forbidden Land of the Gods.

After the thunderclap sounded, Zhou Wen felt his body relax as though a thousand tonnes of weight had been lifted off his body. A Companion Beast was forcefully separated from him, transforming into a mecha general that rode a ferocious tiger. It ran towards Godsfall in midair. It was none other than

the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

Zhou Wen watched in surprise as the Tiger Soul General flew towards Godsfall. He was alarmed. He actually managed to snatch the Tiger Soul General from me. That Holy Artifact is interesting!

The Tiger Soul General wasn’t a Companion Beast that could be easily snatched away. Zhou Wen couldn’t shake it off even if he wanted to, so it was even harder for others to snatch it.

Zhou Wen still remembered that the last time Eldest Senior Brother Liu Yun managed to snatch the Tiger Soul General was when he used the Zhang family’s ancestral Fate Reversal Talisman. Furthermore, the Tiger Soul General’s level was relatively low back then.

Now that the Tiger Soul General could still be snatched away despite being at the Calamity grade, this piqued Zhou Wen’s interest in the stone talisman.