Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1586: Terrifying Jinxes Master

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen became alarmed when he felt the power in the point of light.

This power was actually attracted by the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder. It flew towards the Heaven-Opening Scripture engraving on the Wheel of Destiny and landed in it, disappearing with a flash.

Could these things… be parts of the shattered Zone Core of the Forbidden Land of the Gods? Zhou Wen’s expression changed as he looked at the points of light.

More and more points of light flew towards the snowball in the sky at an accelerated pace. In just a moment, countless points of light gathered together, forming a huge cloud-like blob of light in the sky.

Godsfall used Connate Insight, but he failed to dissipate the light blob with one strike. Instead, he boosted the power of the light blob. He immediately knew that this thing was likely triggered by his strength.

After some thought, Godsfall gathered his strength and charged at Zhou Wen.

Regardless of what the blob of light was, all he needed to do was kill Zhou Wen and leave the Forbidden Land of the Gods before that thing fully formed.

He held the Connate Insight in one hand and grabbed at Zhou Wen with the other. Zhou Wen immediately felt an immense suction force suck the Chaos Egg towards his palm.

Just as Zhou Wen was considering how to deal with it, his eyes suddenly lit up.

Light shone brightly in the sky as a beam of light suddenly shot down from the ball of light. Like lightning, it struck Godsfall’s head.

Godsfall was alarmed, but he couldn’t dodge the lightning, All he could do was gather his strength to resist it.

Lightning struck Godsfall’s head, but it didn’t produce any sparks or electric bolts. Godsfall’s body trembled as his legs went limp and he fell to the ground.

‘The Connate aura on his body instantly vanished without a trace, resulting in the Connate Insight losing its driving force and dimming. It stopped spinning and turned back into the stone talisman before falling to the ground.

As for the blob of light in the sky, it became even more dazzling as it smote down with lightning.

Godsfall’s expression changed drastically as he hurriedly gathered his strength again. However, he had none left. He wanted to dodge, but it was too late. All he could do was summon a bird-shaped Companion Beast to shield his head.

The lightning seemed to have a life of its own as it circled around and struck Godsfall.

Godsfall had been drained of his Connate Essence Energy. The lightning landed on him and vanished like previously, but the change in Godsfall’s body wasn’t as simple as the disappearance of Essence Energy.

Godsfall, who was originally rather handsome, instantly had his hair tun white, his face covered in wrinkles and his eyes turbid. His vitality dropped to rock bottom, like an old man on the brink of death.

Everyone was alarmed when they saw this scene. Even someone as powerful as Godsfall had ended up in such a state after being struck by two bolts of lightning. It was shocking.

Youkai and Carlos turned around and ran. Who knew if the blob of light would treat them as its next target after killing Godsfall.

Even Godsfall couldn’t withstand two bolts of lightning. They probably couldn’t even withstand a single strike.

“Jiuyang… Save me…” The aging Godsfall was like an old man. It was difficult for him to even struggle to his feet. He used all his strength to cry to Jiuyang for help, but he only let out an extremely weak and hoarse voice.

‘When the third bolt of lightning struck down, Jiuyang’s body emitted light as he condensed the Sun God Light and smote the lightning that descended from the sky. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The lightning seemed bent on hitting Godsfall. Before it collided with the Sun God Light, it strangely vanished. When Jiuyang saw it again, the lightning had landed on Godsfall.

“Ah!” As the third bolt of lightning descended, Godsfall let out a tragic cry. The flesh on his body shriveled at a discernible pace.

A layer of withered skin clung tightly to the bones, almost no different from a skeleton.

However, Godsfall didn’t die just like that. His eyes protruded due to the shrinking of his flesh. They were filled with horror and despair.

With his current body, it was difficult for him to even crawl up. Alll that was left was death.

Zhou Wen was alarmed when he saw this. After all, he was at the Hell level, and comparable to a Heaven-level powerhouse with the use of the Connate Insight. Yet, he still ended up in such a state.

Zhou Wen didn’t feel any pity for him, but when he thought of Godsfall’s outcome and how he might have been harmed by Jinxes Master, he felt uncomfortable.

Tiger Soul General had always followed him in the past. Furthermore, he had an even more ferocious Bamboo Blade resulting in double the Jinxes Master. He was lucky that nothing had happened to him.

In the past, he only felt that Jinxes Master had some influence like resulting in him getting hurt, but it wouldn’t lead to his death.

However, to see Godsfall reduced to such a state left Zhou Wen’s heart trembling as his legs went limp. It was a first.

Although it’s quite a pity, it can’t be considered a bad thing if Tiger Soul General dies with Godsfall, Zhou Wen thought.

He originally wondered if he should find an opportunity to retrieve Tiger Soul General, but after seeing Godsfall’s death, Zhou Wen felt that he should cherish his life and stay away from Jinxes Master.

After losing the Human Realm Tiger Soul General, he could still obtain other Companion Beasts. If for some reason he failed to hold back Jinxes Master one day, it wouldn’t be as simple as losing a Companion Beast. His life would be over.

Zhou Wen was already considering whether he should throw the Bamboo Blade out. This was too terrifying, He didn’t wish to become like Godsfall.

Now wasn’t the time to think about this. Zhou Wen and Carlos reacted the same way. They turned around and prepared to run, Who knew if that thing would treat them as its next target after killing Godsfall?

Godsfall had Tiger Soul General, and he had the Bamboo Blade. They were both lethal things.

Just as Zhou Wen was about to run, he heard a boom. An explosion sounded from the blob of light as another bolt of lightning struck down.

Zhou Wen originally imagined that the lightning was aimed at Godsfall to kill him, but to his surprise, the lightning didn’t strike at Godsfall. Instead, it came at him.

Holy sh*t! Zhou Wen was so frightened that he immediately instant transmitted, hoping to dodge the lightning.

However, it was useless. The bolt of lightning struck him amidst his instant transmission, blasting him back into reality.

Zhou Wen was blasted out in an instant. No matter how strong his previous opponent was, they could at most strike him down before he instant transmitted or after he completed it. He had never encountered such a situation.

Godsfall, who was on his last breath, seemed to feel a little more delighted when he saw Zhou Wen being struck by the lightning.

“Come to hell with me.” Godsfall gritted his teeth, his hoarse voice almost inaudible..