Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1592: Skyimmortal Swan

Translator: CKtalon

Heavenly Crane: Calamity (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Skyimmortal

Life Soul: Swan.

‘Wheel of Destiny: Fairy Wings

Terror Form: Skyimmortal Transformation (S-grade)

Calamity Zone: Charming Zone (Human Realm)

Strength: 100

Speed: 100

Constitution: 100

Essence Energy: 100

Talent Skill: Flying Immortal Skill, Heavenly Avian Cross, Charming Dance, Swan’s Call

Companion Form: Wings

Are the effects of the Blessing Halo that powerful? I actually picked up an Evolvable Calamity-grade Companion Egg just by having it activated. What if it’s activated for ten hours? Zhou Wen was puzzled.

He felt that something was amiss. If the Blessing Halo was really that impressive, Liz wouldn’t have had such a tragic life in Regretless City.

A blessing is only a blessing after all, not luck. Even Wang Lu, who has so many Luck Companion Beasts, doesn’t have such good luck, much less Liz’s Blessing Halo. She’s only at the Epic stage. Zhou Wen felt that something was amiss, but he had already used Truth Listener to scan the surroundings several

times, but he didn’t discover any problems.

Apart from some ordinary birds and beasts, there wasn’t a single dimensional creature in a radius of more than five kilometers. The nearby dimensional zones were also very quiet. No break-out dimensional creatures appeared.

There’s no reason for me not to pick up such a high-level Companion Egg, right? Zhou Wen made up his mind. He summoned the Prisoned Dragon armor and put it on before carefully walking to the Companion Egg’s side. After making two probes, he picked it up.

Nothing happened. Zhou Wen successfully obtained the Companion Egg and looked around, but he didn’t discover anything abnormal.

There’s no stopping luck when it comes. I managed to pick up an evolvable Calamity-grade Companion Beast just like that. Zhou Wen was extremely delighted.

In the past, he had worked so hard to kill a Calamity-grade creature so that he might have a Companion Egg drop. Great, he was now just picking one off the road.

Zhou Wen held the Companion Egg and looked around before wiping his body. He muttered to himself, If [had known that the Blessing Halo was so useful, I would have released Liz a long time ago.

Since there wasn’t anyone around, Zhou Wen took a picture of the Companion Egg and hatched it in-game.

Soon, a beautiful white swan appeared in front of Zhou Wen. Moments later, it transformed into a pair of snow-white wings and appeared behind him.

Zhou Wen gently flapped his wings and instantly appeared far away.

This wing Companion Beast augments my flying speed greatly! Zhou Wen was even more delighted.

As he continued on his way with Liz and Leem, he got her to keep the Blessing Halo activated the entire time. Zhou Wen thought to himself, /f can pick up a Calamity-grade Companion Egg with the Blessing Halo activated, just picking one up every hour would be awesome.

Despite having this in mind, Zhou Wen walked all the way to the dimensional zone without picking up anything.

Ignoring the Calamity-grade Companion Egg, he didn’t even see a Legendary Companion Egg.

From the looks of it, it was just a coincidence. It wasn’t the power of the Blessing Halo. Zhou Wen wasnt an insatiable person. He was already very satisfied to have picked up one Calamity-grade Companion Egg.

He threw all his energy into the dimensional zone in front of him. This dimensional zone was a river. In the past, this was the Yellow River’s old course. Due to the Yellow River’s change in direction, this place had almost dried up.

However, after the dimensional storms, it was filled with river water again, Furthermore, no matter how deep he dived, he couldn’t reach the bottom of the river.

‘What was even more terrifying was that one would sink in the river water even while holding onto a lifebuoy. Many people failed to leave after entering. Up to now, no one knew what was at the bottom of the river.

There was definitely a dimensional zone in the river, but no one knew what kind of dimensional zone it was.

There were two commonly proliferated legends. One was that there were water ghosts under the former course of the Yellow River dimensional zone. People would be pulled down by the water ghosts to replace them as scapegoats once they entered the river.

Although the versions of the water ghost legends were different, they shared roughly the same idea.

There was also another legend that beneath the Yellow River’s old course lay a buried ancient city. The ancient city under the river was the true dimensional zone.

The various legends were somewhat exaggerated, but no one had really seen the water ghosts or the ancient city. Furthermore, most of the people who had entered the river had vanished.

Although Li Xuan had an immortal body, he wasn’t good at swimming. If he really fell into the water, it would be difficult for him to escape even if he didn’t drown. Therefore, Li Xuan didn’t dare investigate this dimensional zone.

Zhou Wen could swim pretty well. He had specially cultivated water-type Essence Energy Skills, so his combat strength in the water wasn’t much weaker than on the ground. Therefore, he chose the Yellow River’s former course as his first stop.

Zhou Wen only planned on heading down to take a look and see if there was the legendary ancient city.

If there was really a legendary ancient city at the bottom of the river, he might be able to create a city similar to Atlantis. Perhaps it would become famous in the future and become a new, legendary underwater city.

However, just as he approached the Yellow River, Zhou Wen saw that the river water seemed to be boiling as it emitted bubbles in the middle of the river.

What’s happening? Zhou Wen frowned slightly.

He had never heard of such a thing happening in the Yellow River. He had only heard that the surface of the river was as calm as still water and that lifebuoys couldnt float.

However, the bubbles that constantly rose in the middle seemed to be a result of boiling. This didn’t look like calm stagnant water.

Zhou Wen carefully observed for a while and realized that the bubbles weren’t formed by high temperatures. The temperature of the river wasnt high, and the bubbles rose from beneath the river.

Is there something blowing bubbles down there? Zhou Wen used Truth Listener to scan the bottom of the river, but the river was like a bottomless abyss. After scanning for more than a thousand meters, he still didn’t find anything, nor did he discover the bottom of the river. All he saw were large amounts of

bubbles rising from the depths of the river as they constantly rushed out.

If such an anomaly hadn’t happened, Zhou Wen would have dived into the river to take a look, but now, he couldn’t just enter.

As he was pondering over it, he suddenly saw the bubbles that had appeared in the middle of the river turn blood-colored. It was as though blood was gushing out from the bottom of the river. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

The pungent smell of blood quickly entered Zhou Wen’s nose.

As the blood gushed out, waves began to appear on the river surface. The water level in the middle of the river clearly rose.

Something’s coming out?Zhou Wen had already sensed that deep in the abyss-like river, a behemoth was slowly surfacing..