Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1593: Bottom of the River

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen originally imagined that the thing floating up would be a dimensional creature, but to his surprise, after a while, he saw a huge metal pillar extend out of the abyss-like river.

Splash!

‘The metal pillar broke out of the water and kept rising. The part that surfaced was black, as though it was made of raw metal. There were many strange patterns engraved on it.

‘The metal column was more than two meters in diameter. After surfacing for about seven to eight meters, it finally stopped.

The blood-colored river water that remained on the metal column constantly flowed down the patterns on the metal column. It looked like the metal column was bleeding.

What the hell is this? Zhou Wen sized up the metal column and suddenly thought of the Sea-stabilizing Holy Cudgel from Journey to the West.

They were both stuck in the water, but one was stuck in the sea and the other in the river. The way they appeared was very similar.

Zhou Wen couldn’t help but shout at the metal column, “Expand!”

‘The metal column clearly didn’t react, leaving Zhou Wen rather disappointed. However, it was just a spur of the moment. On careful look, he knew that the metal column was very different from the Sea-stabilizing Holy Cudgel.

The Sea-stabilizing Holy Cudgel was also known as the Compliant Golden-Hooped Rod. The two ends were golden, but this metal column was completely black. It was clearly not the same thing.

Zhou Wen first stored Liz and Leem in the chaos space. He originally wanted to store the baby bear inside, but the baby bear refused.

The Chaos Egg could only store creatures that entered willingly. If the baby bear didn’t cooperate, Zhou Wen couldn’t store it.

Thankfully, nothing happened after the metal column appeared. He didn’t have to worry for the time being.

Zhou Wen glanced at the metal column and decided to leave with the baby bear. He wasn’t afraid, but it would be bad if anything happened to the baby bear and the sleeping Demonic Neonate.

Just as Zhou Wen turned around, he suddenly felt a huge force behind him. His body involuntarily slid towards the metal column.

Zhou Wen was alarmed as he hurriedly gathered his strength to escape the metal column’s suction force. However, he failed to withstand it. Even though he used all his strength, his body still slid towards the metal column.

The baby bear was even worse than Zhou Wen. Its claws scratched the ground, tearing through the rocks, but it still slid towards the metal column at an even faster rate than Zhou Wen.

With a thought from Zhou Wen, thousands of Sword Pills appeared out of thin air, transforming into swords that charged at the metal column.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

The Sword Pills struck the metal column, creating deep dents. If there was enough time, the metal column would probably be shattered by the Sword Pills.

However, the suction force on the metal column didn’t disappear. Zhou Wen and the baby bear were still sucked towards the dented metal column. Furthermore, the suction force was still increasing in intensity, pulling them towards it at faster speeds.

Come out! Zhou Wen summoned the Golden Wyrm Scissors and the Soul Mirror.

The Golden Wyrm Scissors transformed into a golden beam of light that snipped at the metal column. The Soul Mirror also used the Soul-IIluminating Divine Light on the metal column in a bid to store it inside.

Clang!

Just as the Golden Wyrm Scissors approached the metal column, it stuck to it like a piece of metal sucked by a powerful magnet.

The Soul Mirror’s Soul-IIluminating Divine Light shone on the metal column, but it didn’t react at all. It didn’t get stored in the Soul Mirror. Instead, the Soul Mirror was also sucked onto the metal column.

It’s too late! Zhou Wen gritted his teeth and used Teacher Domain.

In the domains that Zhou Wen had already condensed, Human Sovereign Sacrifices to the Heavens was a healing-type, while the Chaos Egg was a defensive-type. Only the usage of Teacher Domain remained unknown, so he decided to give it a try.

When the Teacher Domain was activated, an invisible domain immediately enveloped the river. Zhou Wen felt his body lighten as the suction force from the metal column vanished. The Golden Wyrm Scissors and Soul Mirror were also unsummoned by Zhou Wen.

The baby bear in the Teacher Domain stopped at the same time and was no longer pulled towards the metal column.

Although I still don’t know what abilities the Teacher Domain has, it looks rather useful. Zhou Wen stood in midair as Sword Pills appeared from the void.

A portion of the Sword Pills appeared beneath the baby bear and lifted it up. More Sword Pills charged at the metal column like a surging river, constantly striking it.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

The metal column constantly caved in and deformed from the impact. Shattered pieces of metal fell and landed in the river.

Crack!

The metal column above the water surface shattered and collapsed into the river, the result of Sword Pill’s bombardment.

However, the metal column above the river’s surface was only a very short portion. Such a strike didn’t seem to shake the foundation of the metal column.

With a thought from Zhou Wen, the Sword Pills charged into the river and constantly struck the metal column, shattering it inch by inch. Even the river water failed to lessen the Sword Pills’ attacks.

I want to see what’s up. Zhou Wen charged into the river with the infinite Sword Pills.

‘Wherever Zhou Wen stood, Sword Pills appeared out of thin air, warding off the river water. The Sword Pills constantly struck the metal column, shattering it.

However, the metal column was just too long. The parts Zhou Wen could sense exceeded a thousand meters. He didn’t know when he could completely destroy it if he continued bombarding it.

Therefore, after trying for a while, Zhou Wen gave up on the idea of completely destroying the metal column. He circled around it and, under the protection of the sword domain, headed deep into the river.

In the Calamity-grade sword domain, the Sword Pill particles were indestructible. Even if they dissipated, they only went from light to darkness. With a thought, Zhou Wen could switch them without expending any energy.

Zhou Wen dived a thousand meters, but he still failed to see the bottom of the river. Beneath him was still a bottomless river. The metal column seemed to have no end as it continued extending towards the bottom of the dark river.

“L don’t believe you have no end.” Zhou Wen continued charging down.

The lower he went, the stronger the suction force of the river. The suction force on the metal column became stronger.

However, with the protection of the Teacher Domain, the suction force was useless against Zhou Wen. The sword domain tore through the river and served as an aegis for Zhou Wen and the baby bear to rush into the depths of the river.

After diving for more than three thousand meters, Zhou Wen finally sensed the existence of the river’s bottom. At the same time, he saw the end of the metal column.

Beneath the metal column was a gigantic toad. It was jade-white and crystalline, and it suffused a holy halo. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The combination of ugliness and holiness looked extremely strange.

‘The toad was constantly respiring in a bid to escape the suppression of the black metal column. The bubbles came from its mouth.

The black metal column pressed down on it. Every time it struggled, the black metal column would crush a parotoid gland on its body. Black-red liquid flowed out from it, dyeing the nearby river red.

As the toad exhaled, it produced a terrifying suction force that sucked everything nearby into its mouth.

Its mouth was like a bottomless pit that couldn’t be filled. And its main target was Zhou Wen..