Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1599: Starlord Ardent Virtue

Translator: CKtalon

‘Killed Calamity creature, Starlord Merciful Song. Discovered Dimensional Crystal.’

Zhou Wen was somewhat disappointed that he didn’t see a Companion Egg. However, when he saw the high-level Essence Energy Crystal, his expectations were lifted again.

Previously, Zhou Wen had been raising the level of the Invisibility Cloak. The advancement of the Invisibility Cloak was relatively easy—having Essence Energy Crystals was enough. Therefore, Zhou Wen would gather solid Essence Energy from the Chaos Egg to raise its level.

However, the solid Essence Energy only seemed to be capapable of raising the level of the Invisibility Cloak to the Terror grade at best. Any higher and it wouldn’t budge.

Now that he had Hell-level Essence Energy Crystals, he could try to see if he could improve the Invisibility Cloak.

The Essence Energy Crystal’s value was only 200. The other dimensional crystals with various attributes were also 200. This was the basic value of the Hell-level.

From this, it could be seen that the Starlord Merciful Song that Zhou Wen had killed was the same as the Starlord Ravenous Wolves from before. They were in their most basic state.

If the Starlords of the seven Star Palaces are all at the initial stage of the Hell level, their statuses don’t seem to match the myths and legends! In Zhou Wen’s impression, the seven Starlords had a rather high status. It didn’t seem like they were only at the Hell level.

He fed the Essence Energy Crystal to the Invisibility Cloak and the other crystals to different Companion Beasts.

After the Invisibility Cloak absorbed the Essence Energy Crystal, there was clearly a powerful Essence Energy fluctuation on the invisible clothes. However, the fluctuation lasted for a long time without allowing the Invisibility Cloak to advance. Finally, the Essence Energy fluctuation gradually vanished.

The Invisibility Cloak remained at the Terror grade.

The Terror-grade Invisibility Cloak’s Terror transformation was invisibility. This greatly increased its invisibility ability, allowing one to remain invisible indefinitely.

This invisibility was a form of formless, matterless, and shadowless intangibility. It was impossible to sense the location of the Invisibility Cloak through contact between matter. Using detection methods like heat was useless against the Terror-form Invisibility Cloak.

After putting on the Terror transformed Invisibility Cloak, he basically vanished. Ordinary Calamity-grade creatures might not discover it.

However, it wasn’t true vanishment. At the very least, Zhou Wen could hear the location of the Invisibility Cloak when he used Truth Listener.

Therefore, to be safe, Zhou Wen still hoped to raise the Invisibility Cloak to the Calamity grade. If he could hide it from Truth Listener, there weren’t many creatures at the Calamity grade who could discover the Invisibility Cloak.

If he wasn’t afraid that the Invisibility Cloak’s fusion with other Companion Beasts would change the Invisibility Cloak’s ability, Zhou Wen would rather use a Calamity-grade Companion Beast to fuse it until it reached the Calamity grade.

From the looks of it, I still need more high-level Essence Energy Crystals to advance the Invisibility Cloak to the Calamity grade, Zhou Wen was already considering where to get more Calamity-grade Essence Energy Crystals.

After clearing the area, Zhou Wen chose to teleport to the next Star Palace.

The fifth star of the Big Dipper was Alioth. According to the information obtained on the Internet, the Starlord of Alioth Star Palace was Ardent Virtue. Legend had it that he specialized in killing the imprisoned. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

However, as there wasn’t much information, and the information might not be the same as the true Starlord, Zhou Wen couldn’t guess what abilities Starlord Ardent Virtue had.

After arriving at the Alioth Star Palace, Zhou Wen was surprised to discover that the Star Palace he had imagined wasn’t there. There was only a huge jade mountain.

The jade mountain was made of white jade and emitted a cold crystalline aura. On the mountaintop, there was a peach blossom tree.

The peach blossoms bloomed beautifully and the entire tree was pink. A man in white jade armor sat cross-legged under the peach tree. A sheathed white jade sword was placed flat on his lap.

Peach blossoms flew everywhere as the petals slowly fell, but not a single petal landed on the Starlord, It was as though all the petals would automatically circle around him.

What kind of Starlord is Starlord Ardent Virtue? Zhou Wen stared at him as he walked towards the white jade mountain.

Starlord Ardent Virtue remained sitting under the peach blossom tree as though he hadn’t noticed Zhou Wen’s arrival. He didn’t react despite Zhou Wen reaching the mountainside.

Starlord Ardent Virtue finally opened his eyes when Zhou Wen reached the top of the mountain.

Zhou Wen couldn’t see Starlord Ardent Virtue’s face due to the helmet. All he could see were his eyes.

The pair of eyes were unimpressionable. The eyes were definitely not ugly, and could even be described as good-looking.

However, for some reason, seeing those eyes made Zhou Wen shudder. It even made him feel extremely uneasy as a voice seemed to plead him to turn around and escape.

Evil aura!

There was an evil aura in those eyes that made him feel afraid.

As the pair of eyes stared at Zhou Wen, he had a feeling that he wasn’t a person, but a pig waiting to be slaughtered.

That’s right. This should be the Alioth Star Palace. The Starlord should be Starlord Ardent Virtue not Starlord Martial Song. Why does this fellow look like he wants to employ force at any moment? Zhou Wen thought.

Just as Zhou Wen had this in mind, Starlord Ardent Virtue did exactly as he imagined.

The white jade sword in his hand instantly unsheathed. By the time Zhou Wen saw it unsheathed, the tip of the sword was already at his heart, about to stab in.

Clang!

The Bamboo Blade on Zhou Wen’s finger flicked out and blocked the white jade sword. As the blades clashed, Zhou Wen slid forward with the Bamboo Blade.

Starlord Ardent Virtue had vanished. When Zhou Wen sensed him again, he was already behind him. The tip of the white jade sword was about to pierce through Zhou Wen’s back.

How fast! Zhou Wen had already activated the Teacher Domain, but its power didn’t seem to be of any use against Starlord Ardent Virtue.

It was obvious that Starlord Ardent Virtue was a Starlord who was good at melee combat. He didn’t need to project his strength at all. Furthermore, his movement technique focused on speed and not instant transmission. The basic abilities of the Teacher Domain didn’t have much effect on Ardent Virtue.

However, in the Teacher Domain, it recorded Starlord Ardent Virtue’s every move.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

Zhou Wen raised his Bamboo Blade and fought Starlord Ardent Virtue. Although the Bamboo Blade was still at the Terror grade, its hardness wasn’t inferior to a Calamity-grade weapon.

The continuous collision with the white jade sword failed to damage it.

Starlord Ardent Virtue had very high combat strength, and was in no way weaker than Starlord Ravenous Wolf. However, their combat styles were different.

Starlord Ravenous Wolf’s entire body was the weapon. He used every technique to perfection, but Starlord Ardent Virtue was different. He only knew how to use a sword. Furthermore, his sword was only a fast sword. It wasn’t as varied as Starlord Ravenous Wolf.

Among all the martial arts in the world, only speed was invincible.

Zhou Wen’s Transcendent Flying Immortal was already very fast, but compared to Starlord Ardent Virtue, it was as slow as a snail.

Moments later, the sword left Zhou Wen with many injuries..