Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1610: Taiji Symbol

Translator: CKtalon

“So what if it’s Immortal and Ya? With the double domains of Trajectory and Imperial authority, all of them will be trapped here regardless of the numbers,” Old K snorted disdainfully.

The Imperial Authority’s domain restricted one’s body and the Trajectory domain limited space. With both domains in action, even Zhou Wen, who was good at spatial powers, couldn’t break through.

Of course, this was also because Zhou Wen’s spatial powers hadn’t reached the Calamity grade. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be in such a disadvantageous position.

Although Ya and Immortal were very strong, it was also difficult for them to break through the double domains. Even if they entered the battlefield, they would also end up trapped.

The petals on the flower in Immortal’s hand withered and flew towards Old K and company.

However, the petals seemed to fall into a maze. They were clearly flying towards Old K and company, but halfway through, they strangely appeared in different spots. They floated and circled around, but they were unable to approach Old K and company.

Ya pulled out Primordial Immortal Sword and slashed at Old K. The flaming sword beam clearly slashed at Xiao, but it strangely curved and changed directions.

“Te said it before. It’s useless no matter how many people there are. How can the power of the Holy Land be something ordinary people like you can reach?” Old K said with a sneer.

“The power of the Holy Land might not be that impressive. As a mortal, | insist on challenging it.” A voice suddenly sounded as a figure appeared on the battlefield.

“Holy sh*t, who’s that b*stard?” Some of the spectators couldn’t help but cry out when they saw the person’s appearance.

The person was wearing a white shirt and a tailcoat. He wore a top hat and a monocle. He held a cane in his hand.

He didn’t look like he was here to fight. No matter how one looked at it, he looked like a coquettish youth who had sneaked into a high society banquet and wanted to pick up girls.

“You don’t even know him? That’s Thief Sage who’s as famous as Deceit King.”

“Thief Sage looks like this? My youth has been destroyed.”

“Why did Thief Sage suddenly come here… Don’t tell me he has something to do with Egg Sovereign?”

As everyone was guessing, they heard Liu Yun say in all seriousness, “Junior Brothers, don’t worry. With your Eldest Senior Brother here, a mere spatial zone isn’t a problem.”

Liu Yun deliberately projected his voice. Once his words were broadcast online, it immediately caused a commotion.

“Thief Sage is Egg Sovereign and the others’ eldest senior brother? For real?”

“No way. These people are actually fellow disciples?”

“This spans way too f*cking much. Immortal and Ya have always been rivals. Thief Sage has always been a loner. They are actually fellow disciples? Then were all those things that happened in the past just an act?”

“So what if they are fellow disciples? Isn’t it common for fellow disciples who graduated from the same school to fight to the death on the battlefield?”

“That’s right. It’s not a big deal being fellow disciples, but to make people like Ya, Immortal, and Thief Sage become enemies with the Holy Land for him, I’m increasingly curious as to who Egg Sovereign is.”

“Egg Sovereign sure has good social relations!”

“Pui! What do you mean popular? He’s just a social butterfly.”

As people spoke, Liu Yun summoned a strange Companion Beast. It looked like an ancient mirror, but it wasn’t flat.

In the middle of the item was a Taiji symbol. Outside it was the Eight Trigrams, Seven Stars, Five Elements, and other symbols. The Taiji symbol constantly spun, and the Eight Trigrams was in constant flux, forming a three-dimensional image.

Liu Yun held the strange object as his Essence Energy circulated, immediately returning the distorted space around him to normal. Xiao’s spatial domain seemed to lose its effect. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“No good! Kill Thief Sage first.” Old K’s expression changed as he pointed the scepter at Liu Yun.

A petal floated down and landed on his scepter, forcefully pressing it down. Immortal’s figure appeared in front of Old K.

Ya also blocked Jiuyang who started charging forward.

“You are also an expert at spatial manipulation. From the looks of it, we need to decide on who’s better between us.” Liu Yun faced Xiao and raised the strange Companion Beast in front of him.

“That’s the Taiji Symbol, right?” Xiao sized up the strange Companion Beast in Liu Yun’s hand and asked.

“You sure are knowledgeable. You know that this is a Taiji Symbol. Since you know the Taiji Symbol, why don’t you quickly escape? On account of your good acumen, I’l let you live.” Liu Yun held the Taiji Symbol as though he was number one in the world.

“What a pity. That’s only a Calamity-grade Taiji Symbol. It’s only a Hell-level Companion Beast that hasn’t even reached the Heaven level. To think that a Hell-level Companion Beast can actually fight my Heaven-level Trajectory Zone. It does live up to its reputation. Unfortunately, it entrusted itself to

the wrong person. What a pity,” Xiao said.

“You’re f*cking not even a person.” Liu Yun suddenly raised the Taiji Symbol in his hand and aimed it at Xiao, immediately distorting the space in front of him.

Xiao took a step forward and strangely vanished. However, he appeared behind Liu Yun and slashed his fingers at the back of his neck like a blade.

Liu Yun’s pupils constricted as he instant transmitted out. However, a long wound had been left behind as blood stained his white shirt.

“You… are still far from it…” Xiao said indifferently as he moved his feet as though he was taking a stroll. His figure strangely appeared in different spots.

He was standing in front of Liu Yun moments ago, but he appeared behind him after taking one step. With another step, he appeared on Liu Yun’s left.

Liu Yun constantly instant transmitted. At the same time, he wanted to use the Taiji Symbol to capture Xiao, but he couldn’t lock onto Xiao’s location.

Elsewhere, Old K and Immortal, Jiuyang, and Ya began fighting.

Seeing that they had blocked Old K and company and the spatial domain’s lock had been removed, Zhou Wen teleported into the cosmos with the Void Salamander.

Only the power of the Void Salamander could shatter the foundation of the teleportation nexus. Ya and Immortal were most likely here to help Zhou Wen destroy the teleportation nexus.

Boom! Boom!

Zhou Wen lured the Void Salamander and struck the teleportation nexus again and again. As for the battle happening around him, it had already reached a climax.

Liu Yun was crushed by Xiao unilaterally. His suit was tattered and his white shirt was dyed blood-red.

If not for the Taiji Symbol in hand, Xiao would have been killed long ago.

Immortal and Ya’s situation wasn’t much better. Clearly, they hadn’t reached the Heaven level and were at a disadvantage in battle.

Immortal’s situation was slightly better. He had two Guardians. Although he hadn’t reached the Heaven level, his Strength and Speed weren’t much different. For the time being, he could still circle around Old K and hold him back, preventing him from escaping his reach.

Ya’s situation wasn’t good. His sword was too arrogant and stubborn, and Jiuyang was also exemplary when it came to head-on combat. The two of them fought head-on.

Ya’s sword became faster and faster as it became increasingly relentless. However, when facing Jiuyang, it was suppressed time and time again. His Strength and Speed were inferior.

Blood had already seeped out of Ya’s mouth. The flesh between his thumb and index finger had ruptured from holding the sword, but he had no intention of stopping or dodging..