Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1617 Composed

“Lord Holy God, should we head out and help Jiuyang and the rest?” The Saints knelt on one knee and asked Holy God.

“The teleportation nexus has already been destroyed. How are you going to help them?” Holy God said indifferently.

“Well…” The Saints were rendered speechless.

“Is there nothing you can do, Lord Holy God?” a Saint asked.

“There’s naturally a way, but it’s not that easy to leave. It’s too late now. Besides, even if you are sent out, what can you do with your strength?” Holy God said expressionlessly.

The Saints fell silent. Jiuyang and company were already the cream of the crop among the Saints. They were still unable to defeat Zhou Wen despite being augmented by the Holy Artifacts. Even if they could leave, they wouldn’t be of much use in such a battle. It would even be difficult for them to participate in the battle.

“You think too little of yourself. How can the Saints of the Holy Land only have this little ability? Watch carefully. The show has just begun,” Holy God said with a deep gaze.

Just as Holy God had said, for Jiuyang and company to stand out in the cruel environment of the Holy Land and become the controllers of the Holy Artifact meant that they were no pushovers. Old K used the scepter to block Bamboo Blade and shouted at Jiuyang and Xiao in a deep voice, “At this stage, there’s no need to hold back. If we can’t kill him here today, how can we face Lord Holy God?” His words were fervent, but there was another underlying meaning. In fact, he wanted to tell Jiuyang and Xiao that if they couldn’t kill Zhou Wen, Holy God probably wouldn’t let them off easily even if they returned to the Holy Land.

The punishment ranged from having the Holy Artifact confiscated to a life-threatening situation. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xiao and Jiuyang also knew that the Holy Land was definitely not holy. There was too much cruel competition there. Once they failed, once they made a huge mistake, countless Saints would crawl over their corpses to take their place.

To the six Holy Temples, they weren’t completely irreplaceable. At the very least, not yet.

Xiao and Jiuyang exchanged looks as the Sun God Bead in Jiuyang’s arms lit up. His entire body seemed to turn into light as he charged at Zhou Wen with terrifyingly high temperatures.

Previously, although Jiuyang had also emitted the Sun God Light, he had only used powerful destructive power. He didn’t have such terrifyingly high temperatures that could melt

things.

On the other side, the ring on Xiao’s finger emitted a strange glow, causing his body to distort strangely. Even his figure was almost indiscernible.

When he attacked Zhou Wen, his figure seemed to distort strangely in space. He clearly looked like he was going one direction, but he would appear in another.

Zhou Wen’s saber that slashed at Xiao failed to touch him.

Old K tried his best to channel his scepter, but he only managed to make it a little stronger. It didn’t produce any stronger effects.

Even so, it placed Zhou Wen in danger.

Bang!

When Bamboo Blade met Jiuyang’s fist, although Bamboo Blade was extremely hard and was only at the Terror grade, it wasn’t inferior to a Calamity-grade weapon. However, it bent under Jiuyang’s fist. Even Zhou Wen’s body was sent retreating. However, once the force dissipated, Bamboo Blade’s blade bounced back.

Xiao’s figure was like a wandering soul as he dodged the scabbard slash that Zhou Wen delivered with his left hand. He stuck close to Zhou Wen, his sharp nails slashing at his neck. Zhou Wen had already tried his best to dodge, but he was still a little slow. The armor around his neck had a deep mark that almost reached Zhou Wen’s skin.

Zhou Wen immediately felt the pressure increase. Xiao and Jiuyang gave him immense trouble.

“Is it still too much? He should be summoning his Companion Beasts, right?” Xia Liuchuan said after some thought.

“Xiao and Jiuyang will probably become our archenemies in the future. I wonder how many Saints like them there are in the Holy Land,” Zhang Chunqiu said after some thought.

“Who knows? Those Saints all have terrifying talent. I wonder where the Holy Land found so many children to nurture.” Xia Liuchuan thought for a moment and said, “Thankfully, even if they have talent and resources, they might not be able to become true experts. It depends on their beliefs and comprehension. There probably aren’t many Saints like Xiao and Jiuyang in the Holy Land.”

“Even if there aren’t many, there are six temples,” Zhang Chunqiu said. “Old K is clearly inferior. If the other Holy Artifacts wielders are like Old K, it will be much easier for us to deal with them,” Xia Liuchuan said.

However, Zhang Chunqiu shook his head and said, “Don’t underestimate Old K. Although his combat strength and talent are inferior to Xiao and Jiuyang, strength may not be all that matters. The strength he possesses isn’t primary. His ability to control the overall situation is what he’s good at.”

“Didn’t you realize that Old K has been making up for the flaws caused by Xiao and Jiuyang’s attacks?” Zhang Chunqiu glared at Xia Liuchuan.

“Naturally. However, I still think that Xiao and Jiuyang are more terrifying,” Xia Liuchuan said with a smile.

Zhang Chunqiu didn’t wish to harp on this problem. As he looked at the satellite’s screen, he muttered to himself, “Let’s see how Zhou Wen plans on dealing with it. Even if he summons a Companion Beast, he might not be able to control it well in such a fast-paced battle.”

Everyone felt that Zhou Wen would summon a Companion Beast at any moment, but after waiting for a while, Zhou Wen still had no intention of summoning one.

And his current situation was deteriorating. Under the crazy siege of the three Saints, wounds constantly appeared on his body.

“That’s more like a Saint.” Holy God was very satisfied with the trio’s performance, especially Xiao and Jiuyang’s. It even surprised him.

The two of them grew unimaginably fast. Every Saint in the Holy Land was a genius, but in comparison, the other Saints appeared too mediocre.

Holy God had already begun thinking that he should raise the standard when searching for the wielders of the Holy Artifacts for the other three temples. He should search for people using Xiao and Jiuyang as the benchmark. A Saint like Godsfall definitely didn’t deserve being a Holy Son.

It’s about time he summons a Companion Beast, right? Holy God was also guessing when Zhou Wen would summon a Companion Beast. Zhou Wen had no intention of summoning a Companion Beast. He constantly brandished the Bamboo Blade as his body moved with the saber’s force. Although he was in a predicament, his actions remained composed.

To put it simply, even if his face was beaten until it swelled like a pig’s head, his hair never turned messy.