Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1618 Something’s Missing

Zhou Wen didn’t do it to show off. He kept within his Transcendent Flying Immortal realm, which was why he produced such an effect. No matter how disadvantaged he was, his figure was still as graceful as an immortal.

Zhou Wen had been practicing Transcendent Flying Immortal during his battles with Starlord Ardent Virtue. Transcendent Flying Immortal had already reached an extremely high level of the Calamity grade.

In the battle with Jiuyang and company, he pushed Transcendent Flying Immortal to the limits of the Heaven level.

However, no matter how extreme a Heaven-level martial technique was, it was ultimately at the Calamity grade. It was impossible for it to help Zhou Wen reverse the disadvantageous situation he was facing.

Zhou Wen had never come into contact with the Apocalypse grade, nor did he know what kind of level it was. It was impossible to push Transcendent Flying Immortal to the Apocalypse grade.

However, during the battle, Zhou Wen vaguely felt that Transcendent Flying Immortal seemed to be missing something, but he couldn’t figure out what it was.

Zhou Wen wanted to figure out what he was lacking by exploiting the overwhelming disadvantage he was in while fighting Jiuyang and company. The Disqualified allowed Zhou Wen to deduce the opponent’s weakness. The Teacher Domain constantly replicated the opponent’s trajectory, allowing Zhou Wen to gain an understanding of their strength.

However, there was something that left Zhou Wen puzzled. After such an extended battle, there were already many trajectories left in the Teacher Domain with no further increase.

However, for some reason, the three trajectories were still incomplete. They didn’t form a complete puzzle like the Void Salamander’s trajectory before turning into an Essence Energy Art. Could it be that the three of them relied on the Holy Artifact to reach the Heaven-level perfect domain? Therefore, in theory, their domains aren’t perfect, so they can’t form a perfect puzzle? Zhou Wen guessed. He had already tried many times. No matter how the Teacher Domain replicated their trajectories, it didn’t add new trajectories.

Zhou Wen wasn’t in the mood for research. His mind was still focused on Transcendent Flying Immortal.

What else is missing? After some thought, Zhou Wen still couldn’t figure out what was missing

Transcendent Flying Immortal could be said to have reached the epitome of gracefulness. Be it its trajectory or concept, there were no flaws. Even the Teacher Domain couldn’t find any imperfections.

Zhou Wen still felt that something was missing from such a perfect Transcendent Flying Immortal.

Could it be that it lacks the original domineeringness of Transcendent Flying Immortal? Zhou Wen thought of a possibility.

Previously, Zhou Wen had studied Transcendent Flying Immortal and had taken a domineering path which eventually led to him creating Immortal Slaying. Now that Transcendent Flying Immortal had changed to the path of an elegant immortal, it naturally didn’t have that domineering aura.

Zhou Wen was wondering if the Immortal Dao’s Transcendent Flying Immortal lacked that domineering aura. If he fused domineeringness with the Immortal Dao, would it have a stronger effect? However, after some thought, Zhou Wen eliminated this possibility.

The Immortal Dao focused on elegance. Even the trajectory it took was an arc. As for dominance, it was straight forward. The fastest, strongest, most ruthless, and most domineering attack naturally had to go in a straight line.

Although they were both Transcendent Flying Immortals, in essence, the two had completely different modes. It was impossible for them to fuse together.

If it’s not lacking a domineering aura, what’s missing? Zhou Wen thought as he fought.

Chi!

Xiao’s palm streaked across his waist like a blade, slicing open the armor. Blood flowed out of the cracks in the armor. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Zhou Wen already had quite a number of such wounds, as well as the burn wounds left behind by Jiuyang’s Sun God Power.

The armor formed by the Limitless Demon Dragon King was only at the Terror grade after all. Its abilities far exceeded its level, but there was an obvious deficiency.

The defense of a Terror-grade armor was almost negligible under the attacks of a Calamity-grade expert.

Only an armor with Absolute Defense like the Prisoned Dragon armor could put up some resistance. The Dragon King armor wasn’t Prisoned Dragon armor, so it couldn’t reach that level. Therefore, he suffered serious injuries. If the Dragon King armor shattered, Zhou Wen wouldn’t be able to borrow the power of Truth Listener and the other Companion Beasts. When that happened, he would no longer be able to fight Jiuyang and company. It would be difficult for him to fight one-on-one, much less three.

m

As the ultra slow-motion analysis took a long time, the video played by the program team was greatly delayed. Even so, they skipped a lot of content in the middle and began to be analyzed from the back. If everything was played, it would probably happen days after the battle ended. Now, the analyzed content revealed Xiao and Jiuyang unleashing their power while Zhou Wen was in peril. He had already suffered quite a number of injuries. The armor was charred black and looked rather worrisome.

Professor Gu was delighted when he saw this.

Zhou Wen’s actions had really dealt a blow to him. He didn’t dare read the comments because they were all about him being a jinx.

When Professor Gu was young, he was once known as a genius, but that was in a small city in his hometown.

After entering a reputable school and seeing the elites from all over the Federation, he realized that his talent, which he had been proud of in the past, was worthless.

He had worked hard, hoping to change his life with hard work, but no matter how hard he tried, his elite peers were like mountains that he could only look up to.

This was because he knew that no matter how hard he worked, it was impossible for him to become the best in combat. Therefore, he switched to studying various theories.

Although he didn’t abandon cultivation, his combat strength and level were far inferior to his acumen.

With the results of his years of research, Professor Gu became a professor and participated in many programs. He was quite talented and some of his analysis was very accurate. He quickly accumulated fame. Over the years, he had always been ranked No. 1 in the industry. It could be said that he was an authority in this field. Professor Gu had always been proud of this, and he even became a little conceited. He couldn’t stand contrarian opinions. No matter what he did, he felt that he was right. Others just didn’t understand.

However, in the past few years, he had been very unhappy.

He had made frequent mistakes in the analysis of Human Sovereign, Deceit King, and company. Those were unprecedented. Recently, he had been labeled as Professor Jinx.

It was even more ridiculous today. He felt like his face was about to swell from Deceit King’s slapping.

Now that he saw Deceit King at a disadvantage, he immediately felt a breath of fresh air surge from his feet to his head, instantly energizing him.

Professor Gu knew that his chance had now come. He could finally avenge his humiliation.

Now, I’ll let you illiterates know what scientific analysis is. Jinx? There’s nothing of that sort. As a professor, my analysis is the most scientific and authoritative one. How can there be a mistake? Professor Gu was secretly delighted as he cleared his throat. “Ahem, it’s not surprising for such a situation to happen. I’ve analyzed it previously. Deceit King’s strength can at most compete with a Saint. In a three-on-one situation, he will definitely lose. Just like my previous analysis, it’s time for him to summon his Companion Beasts. I believe it won’t be long before we can see the Void Salamander and Tiger Soul General again.”