Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1619: Am I Really A Jinx?

Translator: CKtalon

Professor Gu’s analysis couldn’t be considered wrong, If Zhou Wen really had the Void Salamander and the crazy Tiger Soul General available, he would definitely have summoned them.

Unfortunately, Zhou Wen didn’t have it at all. He couldn’t summon it even if he wanted to.

Zhou Wen’s heart was calm, Although he was in grave peril, he didn’t panic at all. His mind was so calm that it made one’s hair stand on end. It was as though he didn’t know what terror and fear were.

The damage to the Dragon King armor increased, and Zhou Wen knew that he didn’t have much time left.

What’s missing? Zhou Wen continued searching for an answer in battle.

Within the confines of Zhou Wen’s possible Strength and Speed, Transcendent Flying Immortal could be said to be a perfect technique. It fully utilized Zhou Wen’s Strength and Speed.

To be able to fight three alone—with all three Saints holding Holy Artifacts for so long without them finding any flaws—it was only because their strength was inferior that they were suppressed. This was enough to prove how powerful Transcendent Flying Immortal was.

That’s not right! Zhou Wen suddenly realized a problem.

It was true that Transcendent Flying Immortal was very powerful, but it wasn’t only because of Transcendent Flying Immortal that Zhou Wen had the upper hand despite fighting three alone.

The Disqualified allowed Zhou Wen to easily see through his opponent’s weaknesses and flaws. As for the Teacher Domain, Zhou Wen quickly knew his opponent’s abilities like the back of his hand. Transcendent Flying Immortal looked so powerful because of the augmentation of these two abilities.

If I don’t have the ability of The Disqualified and the Teacher Domain, can Transcendent Flying Immortal still be so powerful? Zhou Wen immediately understood why he felt that Transcendent Flying Immortal was lacking something.

The strength of Transcendent Flying Immortal was built on external factors, not because it was really that powerful. The present Transcendent Flying Immortal was still lacking, but this loss was made up by external forces.

Making up for things was sometimes a good thing, but not all the time.

It was like an ancient monarch encountering a year of famine. There wasn’t even bran to eat, resulting in tragic events of people selling their children for food.

The citizens had no rice. It was already a life-and-death situation. After a minister reported it, the monarch actually answered, “Why don’t they eat meat?”

This monarch didn’t lack food and clothes, so he naturally couldn’t understand what hunger was. He could never put himself in a position to think of a solution, and it was very difficult for him to grow.

Now, Transcendent Flying Immortal was like a youth with a good family environment. Although he was outstanding enough, he was still a flower in a greenhouse. He had never experienced storms and had yet to become a true expert.

With this in mind, Zhou Wen resolutely gave up on using The Disqualified and the Teacher Domain. He forcefully separated the effects of the two powers from Transcendent Flying Immortal. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

It was very dangerous to do so. To do such a thing in such a disadvantageous situation was almost like playing with fire.

Since Zhou Wen chose to do so, he naturally had his confidence. Even if Transcendent Flying Immortal couldn’t truly grow, he wasn’t the monarch or a flower in a greenhouse. As a person who controlled Transcendent Flying Immortal, he was confident that it could truly mature before things went south.

Although Zhou Wen was confident, he was thrown into a dangerous and problematic situation once Transcendent Flying Immortal lost the augmentation of the Teacher Domain and The Disqualified.

In that split second, Zhou Wen seemed to lose his original agility. Although his moves were still very elegant, they appeared somewhat lost as though he had lost his direction.

Bang!

Zhou Wen failed to dodge Old K’s scepter and was struck in the abdomen. He was sent flying like a shrimp. The armor on his abdomen shattered, revealing his swollen abs.

Not long after his body flew out, Jiuyang appeared behind Zhou Wen. A sun-like fist struck Zhou Wen’s back.

If it were in the past, with the augmentation of The Disqualified and the Teacher Domain, Zhou Wen would have been able to predict and dodge the strike.

However, Zhou Wen was somewhat slow to react. His movement technique was still bizarre, but he failed to dodge the punch.

Zhou Wen could only turn around with all his might. He raised his scabbard and Bamboo Blade and crossed them in front of his chest to block the sun-like fist.

The flames exploded as the high temperature enveloped Zhou Wen’s body like a furnace. The Dragon King armor on his body had already turned into red-hot metal that was even dripping with molten liquid.

This was only because Zhou Wen had already used alll his Essence Energy to protect the Dragon King armor. Otherwise, the armor might have turned into liquid metal.

Zhou Wen fell into an extreme disadvantage. In a short period of time, the Dragon King armor suffered serious damage and was about to collapse.

Professor Gu had been looking forward to Deceit King summoning his Companion Beasts, hoping to wash away his reputation as a jinx.

However, from the ultra slow-motion video analysis, Deceit King didn’t seem to have any intention of summoning his Companion Beasts. Despite being at such a disadvantage, he still insisted on fighting the three saints with his skills.

What are you doing? Why aren’t you summoning your Companion Beasts at such a time? Do you really have a death wish? Professor Gu shouted inwardly, hoping to help Zhou Wen summon the Void Salamander and Tiger Soul General in his place.

Even if he only summoned one, that could wash away his reputation as a jinx.

However, there was nothing. Deceit King continued fighting alone.

‘When Zhou Wen forcefully dispelled the connection between The Disqualified and the Teacher Domain with Transcendent Flying Immortal, Professor Gu nearly jumped up.

“What’s going on? If you don’t summon your Companion Beasts, you’ll be dead. What’s the point of using tactics? That’s not how you hide your true strength. There should be a limit to playing the pig to eat the tiger. Otherwise, you’ll really end up a pig...” Professor Gu was somewhat agitated as he voiced

out his doubts.

Professor Gu’s words were nasty, but no one retorted. Everyone shared the same thoughts as Professor Gu. If he didn’t summon his Companion Beasts at this moment, it would be too late even if he eventually did.

If he were seriously injured and no longer had any combat strength, the three Saints could circle around his Companion Beasts and kill Deceit King first. When that happened, the powerful Void Salamander and Tiger Soul General would vanish together and be useless.

“Could Deceit King have gone overboard with his posturing and become a real pig?” Many people were worried. After all, the battle was right in front of them. Deceit King had already fallen into an absolute disadvantage. His injuries were getting worse and he was about to die.

The veins on Professor Gu’s forehead protruded as he roared inwardly. Summon a Companion Beast. Quickly summon a Companion Beast. Don’t tell me you’d rather die than summon a Companion Beast to f*ck me over, right?

Looking at the heavily injured Deceit King, Professor Gu suddenly felt a little afraid.. Could it be that I’m really a jinx? Because of my jinxed mouth, I made Deceit King Xiu crazy... He’d rather die than summon a Companion Beast?