Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1621: Zenith Heaven True Immortal

Translator: CKtalon

“I’s over!” Upon seeing this situation, Professor Gu’s excitement plummeted. He nearly collapsed on the commentary platform.

The audience felt disheartened. They felt that it wasn’t worth it for Deceit King to die just like that. He clearly had such powerful Companion Beasts, but he didn’t use them. It was truly unacceptable for him to die so tragically.

Sigh! Xia Xuanyue sighed inwardly. She had a good impression of Zhou Wen. She originally wanted to cooperate with him, but from the looks of it, there was no chance.

However, just as Zhou Wen was about to be hit by Jiuyang and Xiao, his body suddenly somersaulted.

It was as though he had just woken up from a dream and was stretching.

This seemingly languid action instantly dodged Jiuyang and Xiao’s attacks that were inches away. At the same time, it made Old K, who was pursuing him, lose his target.

“Something different seems to have happened!” Jiang Yan muttered to himself as he looked at Zhou Wen.

“The real show is about to begin.” Zhong Ziya sat in the stone pavilion and leaned against the stone railing. He held a cigarette butt in one hand and a handful of fish food in the other as he casually threw them into the lake.

“Eh! That fellow’s aura seems to have changed into something strange.” Xia Liuchuan keenly sensed something.

“Tt seems like something fun is about to happen,” Zhang Chungiu said with narrowed eyes.

Old K and Jiuyang rushed forward to attack Zhou Wen again. Xiao’s body was like an illusion as his figure flickered in and out of existence. He constantly attacked from the distorted space, pointing at Zhou Wen’s vital spots from various unbelievable angles.

The present Zhou Wen seemed to have nothing mortal about him. Although Transcendent Flying Immortal was elegant, it was still somewhat domineering.

It wasn’t that Zhou Wen didn’t cultivate it well, nor was it that being domineering was wrong. The most primitive skill of Transcendent Flying Immortal was 70% domineering. It was innate. It was just too difficult to change it after cultivating this much.

However, Zhou Wen changed it. He no longer had the domineering trait. Ignore the dominance, even the seven emotions and six desires of the mortal world seemed to have nothing to do with Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen’s every move was like an otherworldly immortal. It was indescribably refreshing.

Jiuyang, Xiao, and Old K’s ferocious attacks were originally like a storm, but when they came in front of Zhou Wen, they seemed to turn into breeze or drizzle. For some reason, the ferocious attacks seemed to become soft and powerless as Zhou Wen easily resolved them.

“This is…” Upon seeing this scene, Holy God’s pupils suddenly constricted. He lost control of his emotions as his voice subconsciously rose.

However, Holy God wasn’t sure if what he saw was what he was thinking. Therefore, he widened his eyes and stared intently at Zhou Wen.

Everyone felt Jiuyang and company’s attacks suddenly turn soft in front of Zhou Wen for some reason. However, upon careful inspection, they realized that their attacks hadn’t weakened. They were still as powerful as before. The soft feeling was just an illusion.

And the one who created this illusion was naturally Zhou Wen.

What’s going on? Professor Gu stared blankly at the slow-motion scene. Zhou Wen hadn’t summoned his Companion Beasts, but he hadn’t been killed. Not only was he not killed, but he had even gained the upper hand.

That’s right, he had the upper hand. An advantage that was visible to the naked eye.

No matter how ferocious the attacks of Jiuyang and company were, they gave off the strange feeling that Zhou Wen was playing with them instead of engaging in a life-and-death battle.

It felt like a professional world boxing king participating in a variety program or a celebrity in a martial arts movie choosing to fight the boxing king in the ring.

The boxing king naturally wouldn’t fight seriously. He would only play with them for the sake of the program. He would wear a look of forced seriousness and helplessness.

Now, Zhou Wen gave off the feeling that experts as powerful as Jiuyang and Xiao were amateurs in front of him.

How did this happen!? Professor Gu slumped back in his chair and watched everything happen in a daze. He didn’t know what to feel.

“Why do I feel that… Deceit King seems very… very…” A person thought for a long time but couldn’t think of a word to describe Deceit King’s present state. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Immortal!” someone beside him added.

“That’s right! It’s immortal. Why doesn’t Deceit King look like a thief? Why does he seem to be emitting an immortal aura…” The person from before slapped his thigh and shouted.

“It’s true. His every move feels ethereal, like an immortal untainted by the mortal world.”

“Holy sh*t, to be able to fight so gracefully, Deceit King is a first!”

‘When Old K smashed his scepter over, Zhou Wen’s body moved as though he was blown by the wind. As he moved with the scepter, he gently raised the Bamboo Blade in his hand, causing the scepter to uncontrollably tilt to another angle.

Jiuyang’s punch happened to strike at that spot, colliding with the scepter and producing a shocking explosion. The shockwave produced was like water ripples that quickly spread in all directions. Everything that came into contact with the shockwave was shattered and melted into magma. Old K rapidly

retreated and landed on the ground, creating a huge crater. His hand that held the scepter trembled non-stop. He couldn’t hold it any longer as blood kept dripping from his hand.

Xiao’s hand chopped at Zhou Wen’s neck from behind like a saber. As for his other hand, it swung out of the distorted space and stabbed at his abdomen like a hook.

Zhou Wen didn’t even turn his head as he moved the scabbard in his left hand out, slamming into Xiao’s hook-like left hand. At the same time, he used the force of the collision to quickly bounce up.

Due to Xiao’s strength, the scabbard bounced up extremely quickly. Zhou Wen twisted his scabbard-holding palm as though he was placing the scabbard on his shoulder.

However, the tip of the scabbard was aimed at Xiao’s throat. If Xiao continued charging at him and chopped at Zhou Wen’s neck with his right hand, Zhou Wen’s scabbard would definitely slam into his throat.

Despite fighting three alone, Zhou Wen was calm and composed. He was very casual as though everything had the panache of a god. His every move was incomparably elegant.

Jiuyang and company were played by his otherworldly saber techniques like panicked clowns.

If one hadn’t seen the previous battle, it would be difficult to believe that the three of them were peerless experts.

“Deceit King has really f*cking become an immortal!” someone shouted.

“How is this Deceit King… He’s clearly an Immortal King…”

Many people agreed. The title of Deceit King didn’t seem to match the true immortal-like figure in front of them.

This… This is the Apocalypse-level concept of the Immortals… Zenith Heaven True Immortal… He’s a human… He actually touched the highest concept of the Immortals… Although he has only just touched it… But… But… How is this possible… A mere human… A mere human… Holy God finally

confirmed his thoughts as his eyes were filled with shock.