Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1622 Immortal Bandit

Although Zhou Wen’s strength was inferior to Jiuyang’s and his speed was inferior to Xiao’s, he could defeat the three of them with the Transcendent Flying Immortal’s concept. The original encirclement looked like it had been cracked one by one.

The hard and straight Bamboo Blade and scabbard didn’t seem as solid in Zhou Wen’s hand. It gave off a very strange feeling as though the blade and scabbard had turned into soft ribbons.

Of course, the saber and scabbard didn’t change, nor could they bend. The feeling they gave off was purely a visual error brought about by the concept of Transcendent Flying Immortal.

Unlike the domineering and direct Immortal Slaying, Zhou Wen’s saber art was unpredictable. Not only was the trajectory of his saber art abnormal, but it could also divert external forces.

The blade met Jiuyang’s fist, but it didn’t collide with it. The blade spun and crossed Jiuyang’s fist as it slashed at his neck.

At the same time, the scabbard in Zhou Wen’s other hand slashed at Old K. Old K raised his scepter with both hands and faced the incoming scabbard.

The scabbard collided with the scepter, but it didn’t make a sound. At the instant the scabbard touched the scepter, Zhou Wen released the scabbard, his tiny fingers hooked to the end of the scabbard.

After the front of the scabbard made contact, it spun with the point of contact as the center. The part Zhou Wen held spun and struck Old K’s head.

Old K felt his head buzz as he sank. His body was slammed into the rock like a nail as the scabbard returned to Zhou Wen’s hand with the rebounding force.

Zhou Wen did a backhand slash with the scabbard, blocking Xiao’s 13 ghostly attacks and forcing him to retreat.

Jiuyang retreated at high speeds as he struck out with his other hand at the Bamboo Blade. However, with a slight movement of Zhou Wen’s fingers, the Bamboo Blade was like an agile snake. The tip of the blade flicked back and stabbed into his wrist. It retracted immediately, having snapped his tendons.

In the blink of an eye, two of the three saints were injured.

“I don’t know how long it will take for me to catch up to Coach’s saber art.” Although Feng Qiuyan said that, he was calculating how much he had comprehended.

“Why isn’t Coach practicing sword techniques?” Ming Xiu wore a look of regret, but it wasn’t that he hadn’t gained anything. Saber techniques and sword techniques had something in common.

Qin Zhen remained silent as she silently memorized the Transcendent Flying Immortal that Zhou Wen had displayed. She had received Zhou Wen’s teachings and obtained the secret teachings of Transcendent Flying Immortal. However, even as a female sword immortal who had learned Transcendent Flying Immortal and became famous from it, she found it difficult to interpret it.

Xia Xuanyue was already dumbfounded. Many question marks appeared over her head. Was he really practicing his saber previously? Practicing his saber under the encirclement of the three Saints?

“Miss Xia, I’ve already said that there’s no need to worry. Old Zhou won’t die so easily.” Li Xuan still looked carefree.

Xia Xuanyue really didn’t know what to say. She was still in shock. Such a saber technique probably couldn’t be called human anymore.

Similarly, those who really understood were shocked. Dugu Ge, Zhang Chunqiu, Xia Liuchuan, and the younger Lance had goosebumps all over their bodies.

That fellow is really amazing. He can actually hone his saber techniques to such a level. I’ve been left far behind. No, I have to train now. I have to catch up to him as soon as possible. Lance’s eyes lit up. He stopped watching the livestream, turned around, and headed for the training grounds.

Soon, rumbling sounds came from the training grounds.

Seeing how the three Saints were suppressed by Zhou Wen to the point of barely being able to protect themselves, the seals on the two domains were meaningless. Holy God’s expression was as cold as eternal ice.

“Come back.” Although he wished he could skin Zhou Wen alive, Holy God still ordered a retreat.

It didn’t matter if Jiuyang and company died, but if the three Holy Artifacts landed in Zhou Wen’s hands, it would undoubtedly be a huge blow to the Holy Land.

After receiving the order, Jiuyang and company retreated without any hesitation.

As Xiao retreated, he strangely vanished.

Jiuyang and Old K flew in two different directions. As the teleportation nexus was destroyed, they couldn’t return to the Holy Land directly.

Although Zhou Wen had figured out an advanced concept of Transcendent Flying Immortal, it could only strengthen his combat strength. It couldn’t fundamentally increase his Strength and Speed.

It wasn’t a problem to fight three alone, but it wasn’t that easy to catch up to them.

With a thought, Zhou Wen threw the Bamboo Blade in his hand at Old K. The Bamboo Blade transformed into a cold beam as it drew an arc in the air and quickly approached Old K’s back.

Old K had learned his lesson, so he didn’t dare use the scepter to block Zhou Wen’s Bamboo Blade. All he could do was dodge.

However, just as he dodged, he saw a golden light flash above his head. A golden pair of scissors landed on his neck. With a snip, his head immediately separated from his body. Blood splattered everywhere as the Guardian armor on his body shattered and dissipated. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Zhou Wen arrived beside Old K’s corpse almost instantaneously and picked up the scepter.

The scepter was the same as the Connate Insight that Zhou Wen had previously obtained. It was a Holy Artifact of the six Holy Temples, but the Connate Insight came from the Connate Holy Temples, while the scepter came from the Divine Emperor Holy Temple.

Despite destroying the teleportation nexus and killing a Saint right in front of the Holy Land, nobody appeared. Such might was probably rare even in history. The Holy Land had never suffered such humiliation.

Zhou Wen stood there as the people watching the livestream looked at him as though he was an immortal.

The shouts of ‘Immortal King’ sounded everywhere in the Federation.

The Saints in the Holy Land were alarmed and furious. Holy God didn’t say a word, but his expression was extremely ugly.

In a short period of time, two Holy Artifacts had been snatched away by Zhou Wen. He had even camped at the Holy Land’s entrance to kill the Saints. It was insulting. If not for the suppression of Earth’s rules, Holy God would have personally taken action to kill Zhou Wen. Unfortunately, this was Earth, not the dimension. He could only fantasize.

Just as people were about to worship Zhou Wen like a god, they saw him bend down and reach out to search Old K’s corpse. He quickly placed the thing he had taken out of Old K’s body into his pocket.

This wretched action formed a stark contrast to his previous elegant figure. Everyone was stunned. They couldn’t imagine that it was the same person.

A second ago, Zhou Wen was still akin to an immortal, but now, he looked like an extremely greedy thief. He didn’t even spare the corpse.

“This…” The people who were shouting ‘Immortal King’ gradually softened their voices. They looked a little guilty and embarrassed.

“I think it’s more appropriate to call him Immortal Bandit!” It was unknown who said this, but it immediately resonated with many people.