Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1623 Harvest

After Zhou Wen took out Old K’s items, he instant transmitted away. There was no reason to stay.

He definitely wouldn’t dare enter the Holy Land. Those Saints probably wouldn’t dare come out either. There was nothing to be done here. If anything really came out of the Holy Land, he might not be able to deal with it.

Zhou Wen didn’t return to Guide City directly. Instead, he teleported to the planet where Tsukuyomi was. When he entered the glacier rift, he saw that Tsukuyomi was still there. She was enveloped by intense moonlight and had yet to complete her evolution.

Thankfully, nothing had happened. Only then did Zhou Wen feel relieved as he took out all his spoils.

The baby Void Salamander Companion Egg was good stuff. Although it was only at the Human Realm, it could still evolve in the future. If it could grow to the level of the adult Void Salamander, it would be extremely powerful.

The key was that the power of void lightning was very destructive against spatial creatures. It might be of great use in the future. Zhou Wen had already decided to nurture the Void True Salamander.

Old K’s scepter was the same as the Connate Insight. Zhou Wen tried it, but there was no reaction. He probably needed a special physique and Essence Energy Art to use it.

There were also some things that he found on Old K. There were a few dimensional crystals, but their levels weren’t high. They were useless to Zhou Wen.

Apart from that, there was a small box. It was made of metal and was locked. Zhou Wen didn’t manage to find the key. He used the Golden Wyrm Scissors to cut it open and realized that there was a sheepskin inside.

What’s this? Zhou Wen took out the sheepskin and realized that there were many red and blue lines on it. There were also some black spots. It looked like a map, but after studying it for a while, he couldn’t tell what map it was. All he could do was temporarily put it away.

Apart from these things, there was something else that had dropped after Zhou Wen killed the adult Void Salamander. He had stored it in the chaos space.

It was a crystal the size of a soccer ball. There seemed to be a mysterious void inside. Countless lightning bolts shimmered and flowed within. It looked irregular as it was born out of nothing before disappearing into the

void.

Zhou Wen could sense a very intense void lightning power in the crystal ball. He guessed that it was the Calamity essence of the Void Salamander.

Zhou Wen didn’t have a void lightning attribute, but he couldn’t bear to use it as an energy supplement. Therefore, he put it away. When he hatched the Void Salamander, he might be able to use it to advance it a little.

That Void Lightning Grand Art only has spells. It’s a pure Essence Energy Art. I wonder if humans can cultivate it? Zhou Wen roughly looked at the content of the Void Lightning Grand Art and felt that it shouldn’t be a problem. However, he had already reached such a level, so there was no need for him to cultivate it.

In the future, if he met someone suitable, he might give it a try.

Without immediately incubating the Void Salamander, Zhou Wen summoned Demonic Neonate.

Demonic Neonate looked the same as before. She hadn’t grown taller, and her body didn’t seem to have changed much. She was wearing blackish-purple armor and hugging the Demonic Sword. The Heaven Shrouding Bell hung at her waist.

She stood there with a cold expression as though she was telling everyone not to approach.

Zhou Wen took out his phone and looked at her detailed stats.

Demonic Neonate: Terror (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Child of Dimension

Life Soul: Supreme True Demon

Wheel of Destiny: One Spin.

Terror Form: Great Demon King (S-grade)

Calamity Zone: Demon Domain (Human Realm)

Strength: 99

Speed: 99

Constitution: 99

Essence Energy: 99 Talent Skill: Demonic Sword, Heaven Shrouding Bell

Companion Form: None

Holy sh*t, she has a Calamity Zone at the Terror grade? It’s no wonder the power she provided me was so strong! Zhou Wen was pleasantly surprised. A Terror-grade Calamity Zone was a little sick.

Furthermore, Demonic Neonate’s stats were very strange. When other Mythical creatures advanced to the Terror grade, they would probably break through to 82 points and absorb stat crystals to reach the 99-point limit of the Terror grade.

Zhou Wen had reared many Companion Beasts, but once Demonic Neonate evolved, she was already at the 99-value limit. There was no need for her to absorb any more.

Neonate’s potential is really terrifying. I wonder what her origins are. Zhou Wen never expected Demonic Neonate to have such great potential.

It was surprising that the child, who looked like a barbarian, could grow to such a stage.

She should have come here from the time Teacher opened up the dimensional passageway. There’s a high chance that she’s a creature from the dimension. The chances of her being a devil are very high… Zhou Wen thought to himself, but he felt that it wasn’t that simple.

If it was only a high-level creature of the Devil race, even if it was the monarch of the Devil race, there was no need for Grim Demon to act like it was taboo. No matter how Zhou Wen threatened and tempted him, Grim Demon refused to reveal anything about Demonic Neonate. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

After all, anyone could guess from Demonic Neonate’s performance that she might be the monarch of the devils, so what was there to hide? Furthermore, Zhou Wen was Demonic Neonate’s master, so there was no need for Grim Demon to hide such matters.

Zhou Wen took a careful look before his gaze landed on Demonic Neonate’s Life Providence and Wheel of Destiny. Demonic Neonate’s other abilities were related to devils, but her Life Providence was the Child of Dimension. This seemed problematic.

If she was the Devil Monarch, her Life Providence should have been Child of the Devil Monarch or even a Devil Monarch Life Providence. However, that didn’t happen. Zhou Wen didn’t understand what use the Life Providence-Child of Dimension-had.

There was also the problem of the Wheel of Destiny. Zhou Wen also had One Spin, but his One Spin was a postfix. In fact, the Wheel of Destiny was No Engravings. Perhaps the two were somewhat different.

However, even so, Zhou Wen still hadn’t discovered the use of this One Spin. Demonic Neonate naturally didn’t understand.

Zhou Wen looked at Demonic Neonate without a word, likewise for Demonic Neonate. It was unknown what she was thinking.

Zhou Wen sighed and reached out to stroke Demonic Neonate’s head.

Demonic Neonate clearly had extremely high intelligence and was smarter than Zhou Wen’s other Companion Beasts, but for some reason, she didn’t communicate with anyone or play with other Companion Beasts. She wasn’t as lively as Banana Fairy.

Sometimes, Zhou Wen wondered if she was a robot.

After getting Demonic Neonate to stand by the side, Zhou Wen took out the Void Salamander Companion Egg and injected Essence Energy to hatch it.

The appearance of the Void Salamander Companion Beast was no different from the baby Void Salamander. He had already seen its stats which remained unchanged.

He took out the Void Salamander’s crystal ball and made an attempt by placing it in front of the Void Salamander Companion Beast. It immediately swallowed the crystal ball without any hesitation.