Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1624 Starlord Martial Song

Translator: CKtalon

The moment the crystal ball was swallowed, the Void Salamander’s body began to emit void lightning. Its scales, four wings, and body appeared to begin transforming into lightning.

Moments later, the Void Salamander transformed into pure void lightning. Not long after, it automatically flew back to Zhou Wen and returned to its tattoo form.

I wonder how long it will take to evolve? Zhou Wen found it odd.

Typically, when a Terror-grade Companion Beast advanced to the Calamity grade, it would enter an evolutionary state. However, very few Companion Beasts would undergo such a situation at the Calamity grade.

Typically, their domains would directly advance, so it didn’t take long.

However, Zhou Wen didn’t have much experience advancing to a domain. He felt that it was possible that some Companion Beasts needed such a state.

After packing up, he glanced at Tsukuyomi beside him. The moonlight around her body didn’t show any signs of weakening.

I hope she can complete her evolution before Toad Immortal arrives. Zhou Wen took out his phone and continued gaming.

As he had already mastered his saber techniques, there was no need for him to use Starlord Ardent Virtue for practice.

After entering the Star Palace, he used the Limitless Demon Dragon King armor and eight Companion Beasts’ powers. Together with the Transcendent Flying Immortal he had just figured out, he quickly killed Starlord

Ardent Virtue. Unfortunately, only two stat crystals dropped.

Starlord Ardent Virtue sure is cool—if only a Companion Egg dropped. It would definitely be cool to produce him. Zhou Wen felt a little regretful.

Through the teleportation nexus, Zhou Wen headed for the next Star Palace. Now, Zhou Wen only wanted to clear all the Star Palaces so that the Starlords could quickly respawn and allow him to grind them

indefinitely.

These Starlords had their own characteristics. Even if it was just one, it was already considered an excellent-grade Companion Beast. Furthermore, typically speaking, such Companion Beasts might have a very high

compatibility score. Using the phone’s fusion function, he could probably fuse the seven Starlords into one. It would definitely be a Heaven-level Companion Beast.

The sixth star of the Big Dipper was called Mizar. Many people were unfamiliar with this name, but they were probably more familiar with the name ‘Martial Song’ in the East District.

The moment he entered the Mizar instance dungeon, Zhou Wen was stunned by the scene in front of him.

Is this the God of Fortune Hall or the Martial Song Star Palace?

There were four rows of trees planted in front of the Star Palace. A row of trees had copper leaves and copper branches, and they were covered in copper coins.

The second row of trees had silver leaves and silver branches filled with silver ingots.

The third row of trees was filled with golden leaves and silver branches.

The fourth row of trees was filled with colorful gems, pearls, agate, jade, and jadeite.

If he hadn’t known that this was the Mizar Star Palace where Starlord Martial Song resided, Zhou Wen would have imagined that this was the territory of the God of Fortune.

In Zhou Wen’s impression, many humans in the ancient era claimed to be a mortal incarnation of Martial Song, but they were all famous generals. None of them were rich.

Could it be that everyone has made a mistake in the past? Not only can he fight, but he’s also especially rich? Zhou Wen thought of a superhero from a comic. That superhero’s superpower was ‘being rich.’ He was

especially good at fighting because he was rich.

With this curiosity in mind, Zhou Wen controlled the blood-colored avatar to push open the door to Mizar Star Palace.

Holy sh*t, is this some golden Saint Seiya? Zhou Wen looked at a huge money tree in the golden Star Palace.

Under the money tree sat a Starlord in golden armor with all sorts of gems embedded in him.

At a glance, he thought it was the godlike Saint Seiya, but on careful look, this money tree was a little too eye-catching. It wasn’t that sublime.

Starlord Martial Song was wearing golden armor with many gems on him. He was extremely dazzling. Zhou Wen still couldn’t understand his name.

As though he had discovered Zhou Wen’s arrival, Starlord Martial Song turned to look in his direction. Zhou Wen noticed that his eyes were still closed.

Bro, can you stop pretending to be a Virgoan, acting all reserved and self-effacing? Zhou Wen cursed inwardly.

Although Starlord Martial Song didn’t open his eyes, he seemed to see Zhou Wen. He slowly raised his right hand and pointed his index finger at Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen summoned the Chaos Egg to protect his body. He had no intention of attacking first. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The main reason he was fighting the Starlords in-game was to understand their various abilities. It would be easier for him to challenge the dimensional zones in real life in the future. Killing him with one strike would

be straightforward, but in that case, he would still be clueless about Starlord Martial Song.

Starlord Martial Song pointed at Zhou Wen with his index finger. The finger covered under a golden gauntlet suddenly shimmered with a golden light that quickly surged into a golden halo.

In the next moment, the halo erupted as a golden beam shot out and headed straight for the Chaos Egg.

Zhou Wen had no intention of blocking it, allowing the golden beam to hit the Chaos Egg. He wanted to know how powerful Starlord Martial Song’s offensive strength was and what special effects it had.

However, when the golden beam landed on the Chaos Egg, it didn’t produce any Essence Energy. Ignoring solid Essence Energy, there wasn’t even any liquid or gaseous Essence Energy.

What’s going on? Zhou Wen hurriedly sensed carefully and immediately realized that a golden coin had appeared where the golden beam had struck the Chaos Egg.

Zhou Wen didn’t sense anything amiss when the gold coin stuck to the Chaos Egg.

Suddenly, some kind of power seemed to rise from the gold coin. The power was intangible. Zhou Wen could only sense the existence of the power, but he couldn’t see it clearly.

Rustle! Rustle! Ding!

All sorts of strange sounds entered Zhou Wen’s ears. He immediately saw the gold, silver, copper coins, ingots, and gems on the hundred-meter-tall money tree with an umbrella-like crown shake violently as though

they were attracted by some force.

What’s going on? Zhou Wen had cleared five Star Palaces, but this was the first time he had seen such a situation employing external forces.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

The copper coins on the tree flew over and shot at the Chaos Egg like raindrops.

Zhou Wen originally imagined that this would be a storm-like attack, but to his surprise, the copper coins stuck to the outside of the Chaos Egg. They covered the Chaos Egg tightly, turning it into a huge copper coin

ball.

As for the Chaos Egg, it didn’t produce any Essence Energy. This proved that the power of the copper coins didn’t attack the Chaos Egg and only enveloped it.

What’s going on? Just as Zhou Wen was feeling puzzled, the silver ingots fell from the tree and flew towards the Chaos Egg.

Like the copper coins, the silver ingots stuck to the Chaos Egg and enveloped it.

Soon, the gold coins on the money tree fell and wrapped it in another layer..