Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1625 Power of Money

Translator: CKtalon

Is he trying to kill me with money? Zhou Wen wore an odd expression. The copper, silver, and gold coins enveloped the Chaos Egg layer by layer, but they didn’t produce any destructive power.

Just as Zhou Wen was feeling puzzled, many gems, agate, and jadeite fell from the tree. The treasure glow that filled the sky flickered as though it was raining gems.

The falling gems once again enveloped the layer of gold coins and pieced together to form a bigger gem shell. There was no gap at all.

Just as Zhou Wen was wondering what use it had, he suddenly felt the copper coins, silver coins, gold coins, and gems that were wrapped outside instantly produce terrifying energy fluctuations.

Boom!

In the next moment, a rainbow blast of light bloomed on the screen. It was so bright that one could go blind.

This only lasted for an instant. After the light flashed, the screen turned black. The blood-colored avatar under the Chaos Egg’s protection was killed.

So after all of that, those coins and gems were time bombs! Zhou Wen immediately came to a realization. He had watched helplessly as his opponent planted countless bombs on him before blowing him up.

Of course, if it were in reality, Zhou Wen definitely wouldn’t have given Starlord Martial Song such a chance. This was only an experiment. It was why Starlord Martial Song had the time to plant the money bombs on

him.

However, the might of the money bombs left Zhou Wen somewhat surprised. The Chaos Egg’s defense was strong, but it was instantly destroyed. Even a Heaven-level expert might not be able to withstand such

destructive power.

He entered the game again and arrived at the Mizar Star Palace, only to have Starlord Martial Song shoot the golden beam again. This time, Zhou Wen didn’t choose to passively take a beating. He unsheathed his

Bamboo Blade and slashed at the golden beam.

The golden beam struck the blade and immediately shattered. However, a golden coin-shaped mark appeared on the blade.

After the gold coin mark appeared, the coins on the tree fell again. Zhou Wen brandished his saber to slash at the coins. Wherever the saber beam passed, the copper coins exploded. The power of a single copper coin

bomb was equivalent to a strike at the Human Realm.

As for the destructive power produced by the explosion of the silver coins, it was much stronger than the copper coins. The gold coins and gems also became stronger. Zhou Wen estimated that the destructive power

produced by the explosion of the gems was very close to the Heaven level. It was extremely terrifying.

It’s no wonder the Chaos Egg was blasted apart just now. With so many coins and gems wrapped around it, it would be strange if it wasn’t destroyed. Zhou Wen experimented again and again, becoming more and more

familiar with the abilities of the money tree and Starlord Martial Song.

Starlord Martial Song was indeed very good at fighting. He was extremely fast, and every strike carried the power of money. Wherever he struck, the money mark would appear. Then, the coins and gems on the money

tree would automatically fly towards the mark.

As long as he was hit by a money mark, he would be bombarded by copious amounts of money until he was blasted to death alongside the disappearance of the money mark.

Zhou Wen realized that even a Heaven-level expert couldn’t withstand the attack of the money tree. The only way was to kill Martial Song before that.

This wasn’t difficult for Zhou Wen. Once he put on the Demon Dragon King armor and he had the power of his eight pets, he could kill Starlord Martial Song with Transcendent Flying Immortal without touching him.

However, there was something that puzzled Zhou Wen. Starlord Martial Song’s money powers were only at the Hell level. They hadn’t reached the Heaven level, but the Teacher Domain couldn’t completely seal them.

Crack!

Zhou Wen beheaded Starlord Martial Song with Transcendent Flying Immortal. As his corpse dissipated, a dimensional crystal dropped. At the same time, a Samsara Stone appeared.

Another Samsara Stone! Zhou Wen was overjoyed as he realized that the dimensional crystal wasn’t an ordinary stat crystal, but a skill crystal.

Apart from that, a few gems on Starlord Martial Song’s armor fell. The gems emitted intense Calamity-grade Essence Energy fluctuations. They were clearly the source of the Calamity transformation.

What a pity. I can’t take this Calamity-grade Essence away. Zhou Wen found it regretful.

Calamity creatures expended a large amount of Essence Energy, but Companion Beasts were an exception. As long as they weren’t summoned, even Heaven-level creatures didn’t expend much Essence Energy.

Even if he summoned them out, Zhou Wen had the ability to produce Essence Energy through the Chaos Egg. As long as he suffered enough attacks, he could condense high-level compressed solid Essence Energy

Crystals that could be used for his Calamity-grade Companion Beasts.

Which Calamity-grade Companion Beast is most compatible with Starlord Martial Song’s strength? Perhaps I can use the power of these gems to advance my Companion Beasts. Zhou Wen thought of his few

Calamity-grade Companion Beasts and nothing came to mind.

Zhou Wen thought for a moment and attempted to give the gem to Demonic Neonate, but Demonic Neonate wasn’t interested at all.

Finally, Zhou Wen fed the gem to Golden Wyrm Scissors, but it only slightly improved its Essence Energy. It didn’t advance any further.

Starlord Martial Song Crystal: Money-type Terror transformation, Strength 99, Constitution 99, Speed 99, Essence Energy 99.

The requirement for this thing wasn’t high. Zhou Wen had already met the stats requirement, but he really couldn’t meet the requirement for money-type Terror form. All he could do was abandon it.

The Samsara Stone was good stuff. Zhou Wen thought for a moment and gave it to Primordial Spore.

Primordial Spore’s parasitizing ability was very strong, but because it was only at the Mythical stage, it was very difficult for it to parasitize high-level creatures. It had to raise its level to have a chance of parasitizing

higher-level creatures.

After all, at the Calamity grade, the tiny body of Primordial Spore no longer had the advantage. It was very easy for Calamity-grade creatures to see it, so it was almost impossible to secretly carry out parasitisation.

Primordial Spore: Mortal (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Eternal Immortality

Strength: 11

Speed: 11

Constitution: 11

Essence Energy: 11

Talent Skill: Parasitizing Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Companion Form: None

As Primordial Spore couldn’t evolve to begin with, Zhou Wen didn’t know how to evolve it. After experimenting a few times, he realized that the fellow couldn’t absorb Essence Energy Crystals. It had to parasitize a

creature and suck away its essence, vitality, and spirit before evolving.

However, Primordial Spore was too weak in the beginning. It could only parasitize low-level creatures, so its growth was very slow. It could only be nurtured slowly with no better way.

Zhou Wen could go to the Moon to obtain some osmanthus flowers, but he didn’t plan on doing so. Such an evolution was very fast, but he might not be able to nurture a truly good pet.

Although it was a little troublesome, Zhou Wen still chose to let Primordial Spore parasitize different dimensional creatures..