Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1627 Strange Sound

Translator: CKtalon

After activating the Teacher Domain, the Essence Energy in his body immediately stopped draining. The restored Essence Energy wouldn’t be drained again, and it didn’t

take long for it to return to normal.

Thankfully, it’s only a taboo power. Zhou Wen pushed open the door to Alkaid Star Palace and saw resplendent starlight inside. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The interior of Alkaid Star Palace was hemispherical. The spherical dome had resplendent starlight, like a miniature starry sky.

In the miniature starry sky floated a Starlord in blue armor. Everything seemed to revolve around him.

Is that Starlord Army Breaker? Zhou Wen stared at the Starlord floating in the air and summoned the Golden Wyrm Scissors to attack him.

Zhou Wen was just waiting to see how strong the last Starlord of the Big Dipper, Starlord Army Breaker, was. To his surprise, when the Golden Wyrm Scissors charged over,

Starlord Army Breaker failed to put up a timely defence and was sliced into two.

‘Killed Calamity creature, Starlord Army Breaker. Discovered Dimensional Crystal.’

This… And it’s over… Zhou Wen was taken aback before he realized that Starlord Army Breaker had really died.

Even when Zhou Wen picked up the dimensional crystal on the ground, he still found it unbelievable that the last dungeon of the Big Dipper instance dungeon had ended

just like that.

Could it be that this isn’t the last Star Palace in the Big Dipper instance dungeon? There’s another Star Palace behind it? Zhou Wen walked to the teleportation nexus,

hoping to see if he could teleport to the next Star Palace.

However, he only had the choice of leaving the Star Palace. There was no subsequent Star Palace for teleportation.

Although he found it unacceptable, it was the truth. Zhou Wen had no choice but to teleport out of the dungeon.

There were a total of seven Star Palaces in the Big Dipper instance dungeon. Zhou Wen had already cleared them, but the seven Starlords inside hadn’t respawned. Zhou

Wen wanted to wait 24 hours to see if the seven Starlords inside would respawn.

I wonder how long it will take for Tsukuyomi to completely absorb the Moon Essence Basin. Zhou Wen looked at Tsukuyomi beside him. The moonlight didn’t show any

signs of weakening.

He stood up and stretched. He originally wanted to release Liz and Leem to let them take a breather and chat with him, but on second thought, he dispelled this thought.

This wasn’t Earth. In such an environment, one couldn’t survive without strength at the Mythical stage or above.

Just as he was about to summon Banana Fairy and other highly-intelligent Companion Beasts, he suddenly heard a strange sound.

Zhou Wen’s heart palpitated. Could it be another cosmic creature?

However, after Zhou Wen listened carefully, he realized that the sound didn’t come from the sky, but from beneath the nearby glacier.

Badump! Badump!

Zhou Wen found the sound resembling a heart beat. It was very rhythmic. It wasn’t loud, but he could hear it clearly.

The sound came from the depths of a glacier rift. The rift was deep and exceeded Truth Listener’s ability.

He summoned the Golden Wyrm Scissors, the Soul Mirror, and a few other Calamity-grade Companion Beasts and got them to guard Tsukuyomi. Zhou Wen took Demonic

Neonate and instant transmitted towards the glacier rift.

When he arrived beside the rift, the sounds became even more obvious. They came from below. They were deep and powerful, like the salvos of heavy cannons.

Zhou Wen carefully observed the glacier rift and realized that it was like a huge flat trumpet. The further down he went, the smaller the space became. Furthermore, it was

very deep. He still didn’t discover the source of the sound despite going to the limits of Truth Listener’s hearing range. It was probably further down.

The structure of the entire glacier rift was like a flattened trumpet. As for what was below, Zhou Wen didn’t know.

After watching for a while, Zhou Wen turned around and returned.

Tsukuyomi was still absorbing the power of the Moon Essence Basin and couldn’t move. If there was really something terrifying down there and Zhou Wen lured it out, it

would be very disadvantageous for Tsukuyomi.

Therefore, Zhou Wen decided to restrain his curiosity. It wouldn’t be too late to explore it after Tsukuyomi returned to normal.

Now, Zhou Wen was somewhat worried if the thing that emitted the sounds from the glacier rift would come out by itself.

The beating sounds didn’t stop. After Zhou Wen returned to the ice cavern, he kept paying attention to the situation. Although nothing rushed out of the glacier rift, the

sounds made Zhou Wen feel extremely weird.

I hope everything will be fine before Tsukuyomi returns to normal. Zhou Wen was puzzled. Logically speaking, it’s impossible for Tsukuyomi to deliberately choose a

dangerous place for her residence.

Time ticked by. Although there was nothing abnormal from the glacier rift, Zhou Wen didn’t let down his guard.

After some time, Zhou Wen suddenly heard something amiss.

Previously, the sound from the other side was very rhythmic, just like a heartbeat. But now, the sound was different in frequency and rhythm.

Eh! Zhou Wen listened for a while longer and realized that the rhythm of the sound seemed to be the rhythm of some tune, not just a random beat.

Furthermore, this tune seemed to be very pumped and cheerful. There were continuous thumping sounds that sounded like drums.

Zhou Wen frowned inwardly as he continued paying attention to the glacier rift. He was already prepared to react.

However, nothing appeared. The rhythm of the sound kept changing like a drummer’s drumbeat.

Although Zhou Wen found it odd and was somewhat curious about what was down there, he didn’t dare take the risk to investigate.

After some time, a high and sharp voice suddenly sounded, giving Zhou Wen a fright.

Previously, it had been a low, thumping sound, but now, it resounded through the clouds like a trumpet. Even if he didn’t use Truth Listener, he could probably hear it

clearly in every corner of the planet. Zhou Wen’s eardrums were about to be pierced by the sound.

After this shrill sound, it returned to its previous low, thumping sound. There was no other sharp sound.

Zhou Wen listened attentively, but after the earth-shattering sound, there was no abnormal activity.

Only then did Zhou Wen relax a little. He walked out of the ice cavern and planned on moving about.

However, when he walked out of the ice cavern and raised his head to stretch his neck, he suddenly realized that a cosmic creature had appeared outside the planet.

Furthermore, there was more than one. There were already several different types of cosmic creatures cruising outside the planet’s atmosphere. They were all strange in

shape, like monsters circling the dining table..