Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1628 Something Big Is Going to Happen

Zhou Wen hurriedly hid in the ice cavern, afraid that the cosmic creatures would discover his whereabouts.

As Zhou Wen secretly sized up the dimensional creatures, he thought to himself, Why are there so many cosmic creatures here? Are they here for Tsukuyomi? Or is it related to the sound under the glacier?

Zhou Wen had already discovered five cosmic creatures. One of them was enveloped by a huge electromagnetic storm. He couldn’t tell what it looked like. Occasionally, he would see strange snake-like tentacles extend out from the electromagnetic storm before quickly retracting

From a mere fleeting glance, he could tell that the tentacle was probably thousands of meters

long.

There was also a colorful strange fish with a transparent, muslin-like tail. It swam around the planet as though space had turned into a fish pond.

In addition, there were two wolf-like creatures with black and white unihorns. They stood in the asteroid belt near the planet and stared into the interior of the planet. The white Unicorn Wolf’s eyes were black, while the black Unicorn Wolf’s eyes were white. Their eyes emitted a demonic glow.

There was also a dream-like blue ribbon of light that circled the planet and flew at high speeds outside the atmosphere. It looked like a transparent blue ribbon of light. It was unknown if it looked like this to begin with or if it had some special ability.

Although he only roughly observed them and was too far away to scan them in detail, he could tell that they were likely Calamity-grade creatures.

From the looks of it, they’re not here for Tsukuyomi, Zhou Wen thought to himself. If they were here for Tsukuyomi, they would have rushed in like the Void Salamander and eaten her while she couldn’t move.

However, the cosmic creatures were only loitering around the periphery of the planet. None of them entered the atmosphere as though they were afraid of something. Were they attracted by the sound under the glacier rift? What’s there? Could it be that the Companion Beast in this planet is about to appear? If a planet’s Companion Beast is about to appear, a corresponding dimensional zone should appear… Zhou Wen sized up the glacier rift again.

If a planet’s Companion Beast really appeared, that place was probably the entrance to the dimensional zone.

However, Zhou Wen couldn’t figure out what the cosmic creatures were afraid of. Why hadn’t they entered the atmosphere? Even if a planet’s Companion Beast had really appeared, there was no danger as long as they didn’t enter the dimensional zone. It didn’t seem like there was no reason for them to land.

Tsukuyomi, you have to be faster! Zhou Wen turned to look at Tsukuyomi and couldn’t help but feel depressed when he saw that she remained motionless. The moonlight on her body didn’t weaken at all.

Something big was definitely happening. Even if they weren’t here for Tsukuyomi, how could they miss a delicacy when they discovered a immobile Calamity creature like Tsukuyomi?

Calamity creatures basically ate Calamity creatures to replenish their energy.

Thankfully, the cosmic creatures didn’t rush into the planet for the time being. There was still some buffer time, but this was what Zhou Wen was worried about.

Something that could make so many cosmic creatures afraid was probably not a good thing. Now that they were above this planet, the situation might end up being worse than having the cosmic creatures rush over.

The sound from the glacier rift was still sounding. Amidst the low thumping sounds, there would occasionally be a sharp trumpet-like sound.

Every time the sharp sound sounded, some cosmic creatures would appear outside the planet. The first five cosmic creatures that appeared each occupied a certain area. Many cosmic creatures that appeared later were devoured or killed by the five cosmic creatures the moment they approached their territory. Most of the cosmic creatures that appeared later were at the Terror grade. They were very afraid of the first five cosmic creatures that appeared, but they couldn’t bear to leave. They watched from afar.

Something big is about to happen! Zhou Wen felt that something was amiss as he looked at the strange cosmic creatures on the periphery of the planet. This matter was bizarre.

Zhou Wen was already considering if there was any way to safely evacuate Tsukuyomi.

Beep! Beep!

Just as Zhou Wen was thinking of a solution, he heard a faint sound coming from the ice cavern.

The ice cavern was also under the glacier rift, but it wasn’t in the same area as the glacier rift that produced the sound. It was thousands of kilometers away. At that moment, there was a sound coming from beneath the glacier fault beside the ice cavern. It immediately gave Zhou Wen a fright.

Zhou Wen immediately raised Truth Listener’s ability to its limits and swept it towards the bottom of the glacier fault.

The fault layer of the glacier wasn’t deep. It only extended about four thousand meters down from the ice cavern. Zhou Wen had previously scanned it with Truth Listenerthere was a thick glacier at the bottom without anything else.

At that moment, there was a beeping sound coming from below. It left Zhou Wen alarmed as he scanned the area again. He realized that a pool the size of a well had melted at the bottom of the fault. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Tiny bubbles slowly rose from the water before slowly bursting. Zhou Wen stared at the tiny bubbles and used Truth Listener’s ability to venture deep into the pool.

The appearance of tiny bubbles made it very likely that there were creatures below. Zhou Wen had to figure out what was down there. It was too close to the ice cavern, so once the thing inside came out, they would definitely be the first to bear the brunt of the impact.

This pool was also strange. The bottom was the same as the top, with a pool that had melted the size of a well’s hole. Beyond it was hard ice that showed no signs of melting.

Thankfully, the pool wasn’t as deep as Zhou Wen imagined. After a few hundred meters, Zhou Wen finally saw the bottom of the pool. It was still a glacier, but there was a strange plant growing there.

The plant was very strange. The leaves were like circular mushroom caps. Each leaf was the size of a palm and the blue color had some translucency. Layers of leaves rose up layer by layer. And at the top, there was a fruit that looked like a peach. It was the size of a fist and would produce tiny bubbles from time to time.

The tiny bubbles that rose to the surface came from this peach-like fruit.

Zhou Wen felt a powerful vitality from the strange underwater plant, but it was only vitality. It wasn’t accompanied by any intense Essence Energy fluctuations.

What’s this? A native plant on this planet? Zhou Wen was puzzled. After scanning for a while, he didn’t discover anything special about the plant.

Suddenly, the sharp trumpet-like sound came from the distant glacier rift.