Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1630 Bubble Music

The cosmic creatures outside the planet didn’t rush into the atmosphere while Zhou Wen was observing the strange plant.

The rhythm formed by the bubbles sounded very pleasant. It wasn’t as exaggerated as the sound produced by the glacier cracks, but it was abnormally moving.

Since Zhou Wen had nothing to do, he suddenly had an idea. He summoned a Musical Note Sprite and used it to replicate a bubble’s music.

Although he didn’t know music, the Musical Note Sprite had musical talent and abilities. Furthermore, Zhou Wen’s memory wasn’t bad. The Musical Note Sprite replicated the bubble’s sounds and quickly produced a contiguous piece of bubble music.

Bubbles constantly rose, but thankfully, Zhou Wen had enough Musical Note Sprites. He replicated them one by one, producing music that left him somewhat surprised.

The music was infectious. As Zhou Wen listened, he couldn’t help but tear up.

Zhou Wen was not a perceptive person when it came to emotions; he wasn’t a sentimental person. Even if others were moved to tears from listening to ordinary music, he didn’t feel anything. However, the simulated bubble music made him feel intense sorrow.

It was music that was close to despair and death. It had a suppressed anger, like a roar before death, or a knell before Death culled lives.

Without the augmentation of Essence Energy, just the music itself was infectious. It left Zhou Wen alarmed.

This infectious force was unstoppable by any force. Even the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder couldn’t fend off the shock that penetrated deep into his soul. Zhou Wen listened for a while and had the urge to commit suicide.

Thankfully, he was extremely firm mentally. He immediately became wary and suppressed that thought.

What powerful music! Zhou Wen frowned slightly, but he still got the Musical Note Sprites to continue simulating the music and recording it.

Twenty-four hours had passed. The Big Dipper instance dungeon had indeed respawned. Zhou Wen entered the dungeon and killed the Starlords one by one.

The first six Starlords didn’t drop Companion Eggs. When it came to the seventh Starlord Army Breaker, Zhou Wen deliberately didn’t use the Teacher Domain and entered Mizar Star Palace after his Essence Energy was depleted.

As he didn’t use the Teacher Domain, Zhou Wen immediately felt something different after entering Mizar Star Palace. The stars in the cosmos shimmered with a demonic glow.

He summoned Golden Wyrm Scissors and aimed it at Starlord Army Breaker, but just as Golden Wyrm Scissors flew up, the starlight that filled the sky descended and instantly enveloped the entire Star Palace.

Golden Wyrm Scissors was sent flying as the blood-colored avatar was killed by the starlight. The phone screen turned black.

I see. Previously, the Teacher Domain enveloped the Star Palace and sealed the powers of those stars. That’s why Starlord Army Breaker looked so weak. Zhou Wen immediately came to a realization.

Ordinary people would have expended all their Essence Energy before entering the Mizar Star Palace. Although summoning Companion Beasts doesn’t require much Essence Energy, they still need some Essence Energy to support them. When the time comes, they probably won’t be able to summon a single Companion Beast, nor can they use Essence Energy Arts. Facing such terrifying starlight power, even a Heaven-level expert would probably die. Unless one’s body can withstand the starlight that filled the sky or can think of a way to resolve the problem of zero Essence Energy, they can only use powers like the Teacher Domain to kill Starlord Army Breaker. Zhou Wen immediately realized that the Mizar Star Palace was indeed terrifying.

Thankfully, the Teacher Domain could perfectly restrain Starlord Army Breaker. It made it extremely easy for Zhou Wen to kill him.

However, Zhou Wen still wanted to give it a try. If he didn’t use the Teacher Domain, was there any other way to kill Starlord Army Breaker? After trying a few times, the results weren’t ideal.

As he didn’t have any Essence Energy, he couldn’t use any Essence Energy Arts. He couldn’t even use the Chaos Egg for defence. Apart from the Heaven-Opening Scripture of the Highest Elder, there were no other Essence Energy Arts that could ignore such taboos.

If the Prisoned Dragon armor can improve further, I might be able to withstand the slaughter of the starlight with its Absolute Defense. Unfortunately… Zhou Wen had always wanted to raise Prisoned Dragon to the Calamity grade, but he hadn’t found a good solution.

While Zhou Wen attempted to kill Starlord Army Breaker, the Musical Note Sprites continued simulating the bubble music according to his orders.

After simulating countless musical notes, the bubble music finally began to repeat. However, every time it repeated, the rhythm of the music became much faster, and the infectious feeling it produced became stronger.

The despair and dead silence would probably make ordinary people immediately have the thought of suicide.

Zhou Wen became accustomed to it after listening to it multiple times. He could even hum the tune without the Musical Note Sprite’s simulation.

However, Zhou Wen didn’t have any musical talent. All he could do was hum the right tune, but its infectiousness was far lacking.

In the end, he failed to come up with any other way to kill Starlord Army Breaker. He used the Teacher Domain to kill him to prevent it from affecting the respawn time of the other Starlords.

The respawn time of the Big Dipper instance dungeon was set according to the time of Starlord Army Breaker’s death. It respawned once every twenty-four hours. If Army Breaker didn’t die, the other Starlords wouldn’t respawn either.

After putting away his phone, Zhou Wen scanned the plant below and was surprised to discover that the leaves were withering.

The leaf at the bottom was already shriveled like a withered leaf. Soon, it fell from the stem and turned to dust in the water.

The leaf above also began to wither. Worried that something bad would happen, Zhou Wen unsummoned the Musical Note Sprites as a strange scene happened. After the Musical Note Sprites were unsummoned, the withering clearly slowed down.

Could it be… Zhou Wen summoned the Musical Note Sprites again and made them simulate the bubble music again.

Indeed, the leaves withered much faster.

How strange. The leaves’ withering speed is actually affected by music. Zhou Wen didn’t know if it was a good or bad thing for the leaves to wither faster.

After some thought, Zhou Wen unsummoned the music sprites.

Now, the best situation for Zhou Wen was to keep the status quo. From this angle, it was naturally a good thing that the leaves withered slowly. Without the music of the Musical Note Sprites, the speed at which the leaves withered was indeed much slower. Zhou Wen estimated that all the leaves would wither in about fifty to sixty hours. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

I hope Tsukuyomi can wake up before the leaves completely wither. Zhou Wen had a feeling that something major might happen when all the leaves withered and fell.

Time ticked by until the last leaf withered and fell, but Tsukuyomi remained unconscious. Zhou Wen stared intently at the remaining fruit atop the plant.