Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1631 Little Trumpet

Zhou Wen’s heart was in his throat as he activated various domains. At the same time, he summoned his Companion Beasts, so that he could deal with anything that happened.

The last leaf had already fallen, leaving the peach-like fruit high up on a bent stem. It bobbed slightly along the water surface and bubbles rose from time to time. Crack!

Cracks appeared on the fruit before it opened up fully.

Zhou Wen focused his gaze to see what was inside the cracked fruit, but he realized that it was only the outer layer. Furthermore, it was split into three petals that slowly drooped out.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

The fruit split apart layer by layer like a blooming flower. When the last layer cracked, he finally saw a hemispherical space in the middle of the fruit. A figure was inside.

The figure looked like a bee. It was only the size of a finger and its entire body was as black as black jade. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Strangely, there was a tiny, black trumpet-shaped object in the bee’s front claws. No matter how Zhou Wen looked at it, it looked like a mini suona.

At that moment, the bee was holding the tiny trumpet with its front claws. Its body was slightly hunched as it hid in the space inside the fruit. Bubbles rose from the mini trumpet. This was likely the source of the bubbles from before.

Could this fellow be this planet’s Companion Beast? Zhou Wen thought.

As the fruit cracked, more and more bubbles floated out of the trumpet, speeding up the rhythm of the music.

The sound from the glacier rift grew louder and louder. The terrifying sound caused the glaciers on the planet to begin crumbling. Huge glacier rifts appeared on the planet as the entire planet seemed to tremble.

Zhou Wen hurriedly got his Companion Beasts to separate the ice cavern from the glaciers outside. Tyrant Behemoth held up the entire ice cavern to prevent Tsukuyomi from being affected by the shock.

The atmosphere also produced visible ripples due to the sonic vibrations, as though it was about to fall apart.

Zhou Wen kept observing the bee playing the trumpet and saw that it appeared to still be sleeping. It didn’t fly out of the space inside the fruit.

Boom!

Suddenly, an intense sound came from the atmosphere. Zhou Wen turned his attention and realized that a cosmic creature had finally rushed into the atmosphere. Under the high-speed impact, its body rubbed against the atmosphere, producing burning flames. However, there wasn’t only one cosmic creature that rushed into the atmosphere. Groups of cosmic creatures roared as they charged into the atmosphere from the cosmos. They were like meteors wrapped in flames as they rushed into the planet.

When it rains, it pours… Zhou Wen observed for a while and suddenly felt that something was amiss.

The cosmic creatures that rushed into the atmosphere didn’t seem right.

Boom!

A cosmic creature slammed into the planet, triggering an effect similar to an atomic bomb explosion. The shockwave swept through the rocks and glaciers and spread out in a ring shape. Everything was destroyed wherever it passed.

Zhou Wen clearly sensed that all the bones in the cosmic creature’s body had snapped. Its body had distorted and deformed from the collision. Blood spewed out from the wound that its bones pierced open alongside the shockwave.

This isn’t charging into a planet to snatch something, but courting death! Zhou Wen watched as the cosmic creatures committed suicide by slamming into the planet. The entire planet was filled with terrifying collisions and explosions.

Moments later, the huge planet was riddled with holes. It was difficult to find an intact area. It was as though it had been bombarded by thousands of atomic bombs.

Many cosmic creatures slammed into the planet. Those that survived were mostly heavily injured. They struggled in the meteorite crater and began ripping apart their bodies in crazy self-mutilation.

Zhou Wen had already discovered that the creatures that rushed in were all Terror-grade creatures. In the beginning, the five Calamity-grade creatures that occupied the nearby area in space didn’t rush in.

From the looks of it, these Terror creatures must have been affected by the bubble music and rushed in to commit suicide. Zhou Wen looked at the heavily damaged planet and the cosmic creature corpses everywhere and couldn’t help but shudder. He couldn’t help but size up the black bee again.

This fellow already has such a terrifying influence even before it wakes up. How terrifying will it be when it does? Zhou Wen couldn’t help but have a scene appear in his mind: a small black bee playing a suona-like trumpet. This scene that was supposed to appear adorable was filled with mountains of corpses and seas of blood.

Countless creatures committed suicide as corpses were strewn across the land. Blood flowed like a river, and there was a hellish scene everywhere.

Should I think of a way to kill it before it wakes up? Zhou Wen already had such a thought. Once such a terrifying creature appeared, it would probably be no different from the apocalypse.

As he was thinking, Zhou Wen realized that something was amiss.

After a round of suicidal attacks by cosmic creatures, the glacier rift no longer made a sound, but the tiny trumpet in the bee’s claw was still emitting bubbles.

Could it be that all of this wasn’t caused by the bee and the trumpet? Zhou Wen was slightly taken aback. After paying attention for a while, there was indeed no sound from the glacier rift.

The bee’s trumpet was still blowing bubbles normally without any changes. This raised a new question for Zhou Wen.

In space, the cosmic creatures rushed into the planet again. The five Calamity creatures rushed in from different directions. This time, they didn’t commit suicide. They headed for the glacier rift.

However, they only arrived near the glacier rift and didn’t rush in directly. They each occupied a spot near the glacier rift and seemed to be on guard against each other.

Soon, through his scanning, Zhou Wen detected two figures rushing into the atmosphere. They were Xiao and Jiuyang.

Why are they here? Zhou Wen was slightly taken aback.

The universe was boundless and there were many planets. Although there was a huge commotion here, it was insignificant to the universe. This place was extremely far from Earth. Unless one had interstellar teleportation abilities, even a Calamity-grade creature would take countless years to rush here from Earth.

It was definitely not a coincidence that Xiao and Jiuyang had appeared here. The Holy Land can’t be that resourceful, right? They know which planet’s Companion Beast is about to be born in the universe? Zhou Wen was alarmed.

“We came in time, thankfully. That Companion Beast hasn’t appeared.” Zhou Wen couldn’t help but hear when Jiuyang spoke.