Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1670 The Object in the Well

Demonic Neonate puffed up her cheeks and blew the suona with all her might. Her face flushed red as beads of sweat appeared on her forehead. The sound of water in the ancient well kept sounding like an inferno. However, other than that, nothing else happened.

Zhou Wen cried terribly by the side. His tears flowed like a stream non-stop. His eyes were bloodshot as he cried until tears of blood nearly came out.

What a scam. If I had known this would happen, I wouldn’t have stayed in this yard. I was still too careless. Zhou Wen felt depressed. If he had known this would happen, he would have at least made some preparations.

Zhou Wen originally relied on the Sigh of the King to prevent himself from kneeling. It had a natural restraining effect on the suona’s sound, but to his surprise, there was no reaction from the Sigh of the King. It caught him off guard. It was too late to resist after he was hit.

He pressed his hands on the ground and tried his best to prevent his head from touching the ground. Zhou Wen cried as blood seeped out of the corners of his eyes. However, the ancient well continued making loud noises without anything substantial happeningnothing came out. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

“Neonate, why don’t we try again another day!” Zhou Wen cried as he shouted at Demonic Neonate. He really couldn’t hold on any longer and his forehead was about to touch the ground.

At that moment, the ancient well suddenly lit up. It was as though the mouth of the well had turned into a huge searchlight. Light spewed out from the well and rose several meters high before scattering like a fountain.

Zhou Wen hurriedly held his breath and focused as he circulated all his strength to resist the sound. At the same time, he used Truth Listener’s ability to observe the anomalous ancient well.

The water in the ancient well surged out in waves. Soon, Zhou Wen realized that something was slowly floating out of the rising fountain-like light.

That’s… a skeleton… Zhou Wen was alarmed to discover a skull floating out of the light before a skeleton in tattered clothes appeared.

Soon, a complete skeleton floated above the fountain-like light.

The skeleton maintained a lotus position. Its body was covered in tattered clothes, and its muscles had long rotted. However, a head of white hair still grew on the skull.

Logically speaking, hair grew on the scalp. The skeleton’s scalp was long gone. Even if the hair didn’t decay, it should have fallen off. However, the white hair on the skull was silver-white and didn’t show any signs of withering or falling off.

Apart from that, there was a necklace around the skeleton’s neck that was very eye-catching. It was a necklace made of black metal. The pendant was partially shaped like a Devil’s Eye, and in the middle was a purple circular crystal.

Although Zhou Wen was using Truth Listener to listen to the scene, for some reason, he felt as though the Devil’s Eye was staring at him and sizing him up.

Apart from that, the skeleton’s left hand was still clenched tightly. Through the gaps in the fingers, one could see something being held, but most of it was blocked by the skeletal hand. It was impossible to tell what it was. All he could see was a small white object through the gaps.

Just as Zhou Wen was sizing it up, the suona suddenly stopped. Demonic Neonate’s figure flashed as she arrived in front of the skeleton. The sheathed Demonic Sword in her hand stabbed at the Devil’s Eye Necklace around the skeleton’s neck. The tip of the sword pointed straight at the purple pupil crystal.

Clang!

The Demonic Sword collided with the pendant, producing a crisp sound. The purple crystal emitted a black hole-like purple light that forcefully blocked the Demonic Sword, preventing it from advancing any further.

Demonic Neonate was already exhausted from playing the suona. At that moment, she unleashed all her strength as her body trembled slightly from overexertion. She gritted her teeth tightly as her fair, chubby face turned purplish-red.

Zhou Wen was really afraid that she would use too much strength and crush her teeth. She wouldn’t be as cute without her teeth.

Zhou Wen didn’t know why he was still thinking so much at this point in time.

“Help me.” Only when Demonic Neonate squeezed out the words from between her teeth did he react. He immediately leaped up from the ground and summoned the Immortal Culling Sword. He held the hilt and condensed the power of Immortal Slaying. He suddenly pulled the Immortal Culling Sword out of its scabbard and slashed at the necklace around the skeleton’s neck.

With the power of the Immortal Culling Sword combined with Zhou Wen’s present strength, even a powerful Calamity-grade creature couldn’t ignore this strike. However, for some reason, Zhou Wen felt that this strike was likely to return empty-handed.

In an instant, it arrived in front of the skeleton. Just as the Immortal Culling Sword was about to hit the necklace, the necklace suddenly snapped with a crack and slid down the skeleton’s neck.

Zhou Wen was immediately taken aback as he forcefully stopped the Immortal Culling Sword in his hand from slashing down. An indescribable palpitation surged in his heart subconsciously. It was as though something ominous would happen if he continued the strike.

Thankfully, Zhou Wen had some control over the Immortal Culling Sword. If it were like before, he wouldn’t be able to restrain it even if he wanted to.

The blade finally stopped a few nanometers from the skeleton’s neck. As the necklace slowly slid down, the light in the ancient well dimmed.

Zhou Wen could clearly see that the necklace hadn’t really snapped. Instead, the necklace’s clasp had opened by itself, allowing it to slide down.

After the necklace left the skeleton’s neck, the purple light on the Devil’s Eye converged. The Demonic Sword shattered the Devil’s Eye-shaped pendant, and the purple crystal which represented the pupil dropped.

Demonic Neonate pouted and sucked the purple crystal into her mouth before swallowing it.

The entire process was done in one go. Zhou Wen didn’t even have the time to size up the purple crystal.

The necklace that Demonic Neonate had sliced off dropped to the ground. The light in the ancient well completely converged as the skeleton fell. Its long silver hair rapidly withered and dissipated.

The entire skeleton’s body rapidly disintegrated, turning into ashes that scattered in all directions. The dust that fell had already vanished without a trace before it even touched the ground.

Pa!

Something fell to the ground. It was the white object that the skeleton had been holding. It was a squarish metal object that was slightly bigger than a matchbox. On one side of the metal object, there was a white line that was connected to it like a tail.

Zhou Wen didn’t know if it was an illusion, but he had a nagging feeling that the skeleton had released its grip when it dissipated, causing the metal object to fall.

Zhou Wen looked at the white object and his eyes gradually widened as though he had made an unbelievable discovery.