Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1680 Golden Demonic Ant King

The crack was filled with golden light, making it impossible to see what was inside. Zhou Wen had no choice but to give up on observing as he controlled the blood-colored avatar to enter the crack.

The golden light outside looked resplendent, but it was like a thin layer of ripples. After passing through the golden light, he found a cave inside.

The cave was rather large, and the space was similar to a factory’s warehouse. However, there was no sign of dimensional creatures in the huge cave. There was only a huge egg-shaped object carved from gold on a stone platform.

It was golden in color and looked like 24K gold. It was more than a meter tall and nearly a meter wide. It looked fat and there were many strange patterns on it. The patterns were bent and curved in an unidentifiable manner. Or perhaps it wasn’t a pattern at all, but natural patterns.

Is this a Companion Egg? Zhou Wen reached out to stroke the golden egg as a message immediately appeared on his phone.

ne

Golden Demonic Ant King: Mortal (Evolvable)

Strength: 11

Speed: 11

Constitution: 11

Essence Energy: 11

Talent Skill: Golden Guardian, Demonization, Ant Strength God, King Transformation

Companion Form: Golden Battle Armor

An evolvable Companion Beast! Zhou Wen’s expression turned odd. This thing was equivalent to a free pick up. Furthermore, from its skills, it was both a king and a demon. It seemed rather powerful.

If every dimensional zone had such a hidden spot, wouldn’t he be able to pick up divine pets everywhere?

With this in mind, Zhou Wen couldn’t contain his joy as he hatched the Golden Demonic Ant King. Without looking at its appearance, he eagerly exited the Ant City dungeon and chose the Big Dipper instance dungeon.

Ant City could only be considered a low-level game dungeon. Apart from the Ant City Guardian, the other dimensional creatures’ levels were pitifully low.

If such dungeons had evolvable Companion Beasts, what would be the treasure hidden in a high-level dungeon like the Big Dipper? Just the thought of it excited Zhou Wen.

Of course, there were some higher-level dungeons. Although there might be better things hidden in places like Chess Mountain, Zhou Wen couldn’t clear those places yet. He couldn’t enter any random place.

If the hidden dungeon was somewhere Zhou Wen couldn’t reach, it was useless even if he entered.

Zhou Wen could already clear the seven Star Palaces in the Big Dipper instance dungeon. No matter where the hidden dungeon was, he could find it. He planned on experimenting with it.

He eagerly opened the Big Dipper instance dungeon. Just like before, there were two options-ordinary and hidden. Zhou Wen didn’t hesitate to choose the hidden mode.

After entering the first Star Palace, he didn’t find any traces of the hidden dungeon. Zhou Wen had no choice but to storm through one Star Palace after another, but he was disappointed again and again. He killed six Star Palace Starlords without finding any traces of the hidden dungeon.

From the looks of it, it’s definitely in the last Star Palace. At this moment, Zhou Wen wasn’t in a rush as he teleported into the final Star Palace.

The Alkaid Star Palace was the Star Palace where Starlord Army Breaker was. It was the last of the seven Star Palaces of the Big Dipper. In front of the Star Palace was a long staircase that drained all Essence Energy. Only the power of the Teacher Domain could restrain the taboo power.

If one didn’t have the ability of the Teacher Domain, they would lose all their Essence Energy before reaching the Star Palace. No matter how strong a powerhouse was, they would only be killed by Starlord Army Breaker.

However, to Zhou Wen, Starlord Army Breaker was the easiest to kill.

In front of the stairs, he didn’t find any traces of the hidden dungeon. Zhou Wen activated the Teacher Domain and walked into the Star Palace, killing Starlord Army Breaker with one strike. Unfortunately, only some Essence Energy Crystals dropped. He didn’t find any Companion Eggs or skill crystals.

Zhou Wen didn’t care about this at all today. He didn’t even look at the Essence Energy Crystals on the ground because he realized that there was a spot shimmering with an ice-blue light in Alkaid Star Palace.

Alkaid Star Palace was a miniature outer space. At the top of the curved Star Palace, there were many stars shimmering. It should have been filled with starlight, but now, there was a star that shimmered with a dazzling ice-blue light that outshined the other stars. The other stars appeared dim, and only one star independently shimmered with an ice-blue glow.

Without a doubt, the mini star that shimmered with an ice-blue glow in the corner was likely the key spot to the hidden dungeon. Zhou Wen flew and quickly arrived in front of the mini star.

Although he didn’t know how to activate the hidden dungeon, it was only a matter of time once he found the key spot.

Zhou Wen studied it for a while. When he spun the mini star, it immediately emitted a dazzling ice-blue beam.

Zhou Wen was given a fright as he instant transmitted into the distance. He realized that the ice-blue beam wasn’t directed at him, but at the Army Breaker Star Palace’s teleportation nexus.

The teleportation nexus was immediately dyed ice-blue. Starlight threads shimmered with ice-blue light, completely different from the usual activation.

This was the last Star Palace. Usually, through this teleportation nexus, one would be teleported out of the Big Dipper Palaces. Now, it looked like it was connected to a completely different world.

Zhou Wen walked into the teleportation nexus and the teleportation nexus that emitted a blue glow immediately activated, teleporting him out of Alkaid Star Palace.

After a bout of vertigo, the scene in front of Zhou Wen became clearer. He couldn’t help but be taken aback when he saw it.

It was another Star Palace—a Star Palace built from ice. It was propped up by huge ice pillars. There were doorways, but there were no doors. At a glance, one could see a Starlord wearing ice armor standing in the middle of the huge Ice Palace. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The Starlord stood on the ice platform, her figure tall and straight. Her head was slightly raised, and her eyes seemed to be looking up at the sky under a black ice mask. Her hands were crossed on the hilt of a black ice sword, and the tip of the black ice sword was stabbed into the ice platform.

From her curvy figure that even her armor couldn’t hide, she was undoubtedly a Starlady. However, she exuded the presence of a monarch, making one have the urge to bow and worship her.

Starlady Polestar! Zhou Wen was immediately alarmed when he saw the Starlady’s name in-game. His expression changed.

This name wasn’t unfamiliar to Zhou Wen at all.

Previously, the antelope had tricked him into carrying a huge log to Forbidden City. However, when he arrived, he realized that the log was a coffin for the living. The sleeping person inside was Starlady Polestar, and she had nearly killed Zhou Wen.

That Starlady Polestar was a Guardian. Zhou Wen imagined that it might just be the same name. There shouldn’t be any relationship between the two.

However, in the next second, Zhou Wen realized that he was wrong.