Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1683 Heaven 999

As the golden light intensified, the golden ape’s body shrank and its body gradually transformed into a human.

Zhou Wen had seen Truth Listener’s form before. It felt somewhat similar to the Super Saiyan transformation of a certain protagonist in a particular comic.

However, Truth Listener in that state was almost about to escape Zhou Wen’s control and his Companion Beast team.

Now, Truth Listener had once again transformed into the wild, blonde, handsome warrior form. Perhaps it was because of the game, Zhou Wen didn’t feel the loss of connection with Truth Listener.

Even though all six earrings had shattered and he had transformed into a human, his connection with Truth Listener was still very clear. It wasn’t as indiscernible as when he summoned Truth Listener in reality.

Above Truth Listener’s head, nine strange beams of light spewed out. They looked like nine holes, but in fact, it was only because the light source was too intense that it gave off an illusion.

The nine spots of light corresponded to the nine holes in the nine orifices. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

“Roar!” The nine spots on his head glowed brightly at the same time, like the final eruption of a volcano. The light was so blinding that Zhou Wen could hardly open his eyes. All he could hear was Truth Listener’s painful roar.

After the light gradually weakened, Zhou Wen saw the scene in-game again.

111

Truth Listener, who had transformed into a blonde, wild, and handsome man, stood there, being half a head taller than Zhou Wen. He looked somewhat sinister, but his eyes were surprisingly gentle as though he was looking at the blood-colored avatar.

This feeling was very magical. In the past, when Zhou Wen used Truth Listener, he was always worried. It wasn’t because he was afraid that it would hit him, but because he was afraid that it would sever ties with him. This was the first time he had seen Truth Listener standing in front of him with its full power unleashed with every earring shattered.

Zhou Wen opened Truth Listener’s information window and checked its stats and level.

Truth Listener: Calamity (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Heaven’s Senses

Life Soul: Evil Nullification

Wheel of Destiny: Nirvana of Ultimate Hell

Terror Form: Holy Evil (S-grade)

Calamity Zone: Evil Breaker (Heaven level)

Strength: 999

Speed: 999

Constitution: 999

Essence Energy: 999

Talent Skill: Truth Listener, Indestructible Vajra Body, Evil Warding, Nine Extremes

Companion Form: Earring

Holy sh*t, Heaven-level stats actually reach 999! Zhou Wen wore an envious look as he was somewhat surprised.

He had yet to advance to the Calamity grade, and his stats were at 99. At the Human Realm, he could break through to 100 points and reach a maximum of 199.

The lowest stats in the Hell level were 200, and the highest was unknown to Zhou Wen. He guessed that it was 400 or 399, but 999 stats of the Heaven level were terrifying.

If Starlady Polestar’s stats were the same, it wouldn’t be strange for her to blast through the Hell-level Chaos Egg.

Of course, Zhou Wen felt that such stats weren’t something every Companion Beast could achieve. After all, many Companion Beasts had limited talent. They might not be able to advance to the Heaven level. Even if they advanced to the Heaven level, their stats might not be maxed out.

From Zhou Wen’s point of view, 999 stats should be the maximum stats at the Heaven level. He guessed that Demonic Neonate would probably have such stats when she advanced to the Heaven level. It was hard to say for the other Companion Beasts. Although they were all evolvable Companion Beasts, there were definitely differences.

Zhou Wen really wanted to try summoning Truth Listener in reality, but when he thought of the disciples of the Niten Flying Immortal Palace beside him, he decided against it.

Suppressing his excitement, Zhou Wen exited the Ant City dungeon and launched the Big Dipper instance dungeon. He wanted to see if the Heaven-level Truth Listener could defeat Starlady Polestar.

How strong will the Heaven-level Truth Listener be? Zhou Wen was already eager to see Truth Listener’s ability.

When facing Starlord Ravenous Wolf, Zhou Wen summoned Truth Listener and released its strongest human form.

Starlord Ravenous Wolf threw a punch as a terrifying blast of light illuminated the entire Star Palace.

Boom!

With a casual punch from Truth Listener, Starlord Ravenous Wolf and half the Star Palace exploded. Zhou Wen’s mouth gaped open for a long time as he looked at the wrecked Starlord Ravenous Wolf.

This is too f*cking violent! Zhou Wen muttered inwardly as his face bloomed with joy.

Starlord Titan Gate was instantly killed. Zhou Wen originally imagined that Starlord Cherished Kismet, who had the ability to reflect damage, might cause trouble for a pure Strength-type Companion Beast like Truth Listener, or that Zhou Wen had to do it himself.

In the beginning, Zhou Wen was still thinking that although Truth Listener was strong, it had to rely on its owner to clear the Big Dipper instance dungeon under the effects of mutual augmentation and suppression.

However, the outcome left Zhou Wen flabbergasted. Truth Listener blasted apart Starlord Cherished Kismet with a single punch. Reflective damage? Not supposed to clash head-on? That was all nonsense. In front of the violent Truth Listener, there was nothing that couldn’t be resolved with a single punch.

If there was one, another punch would do the trick.

Starlord Merciful Song, Starlord Ardent Virtue and Starlord Martial Song were instantly killed. The staircase in front of the Army Breaker Star Palace that could make one lose their Essence Energy failed to stop Truth Listener’s footsteps. There was no need for Zhou Wen’s Teacher Domain powers to restrain the taboo powers.

Truth Listener casually walked up to the Army Breaker Star Palace and blasted Army Breaker to pieces with another punch.

Zhou Wen finally saw what it meant to defeat everything with one force. Truth Listener didn’t have many strange abilities, but its strength was practically invincible.

Of course, Zhou Wen wasn’t naive enough to believe that Truth Listener’s pure strength was that powerful. The reason why Truth Listener’s pure strength was strong was also under the premise that it had abilities like Evil Nullification, Holy Evil, Evil Breaker, and Evil Warding. Due to the existence of these abilities, he could fight with his strength without any worries without being restrained by some strange powers.

333

Otherwise, it wouldn’t be that easy to clear Starlord Cherished Kismet’s level with strength alone.

Following behind Truth Listener, Zhou Wen’s only role was to use the teleportation nexus to enter the next Star Palace. After killing Army Breaker, he activated the hidden teleportation nexus that led to the hidden North Pole Star Palace.

Such a powerful Truth Listener shouldn’t be weaker than Starlady Polestar, right? When he arrived in front of the ice palace again, Zhou Wen felt somewhat uneasy as he looked at Starlady Polestar standing in the palace with her sword pressed to the ground.

Truth Listener was indeed very strong, but Starlady Polestar wasn’t weak either. An existence that could blast apart a Hell-level Chaos Egg definitely couldn’t be underestimated

Sensing Zhou Wen and Truth Listener’s arrival, Starlady Polestar slowly lowered her head and looked at them. At the same time, dazzling starlight began to rise from her body. The entire Star Palace seemed to transform into an endless sea of stars. The starlight that filled the sky shone at Zhou Wen and company, making them feel like they were in a sea of starlight.

Truth Listener stood in front of Zhou Wen as the golden light over its body shimmered like an electric current. Its feral golden eyes seemed to pass through thousands of stars and collide with Starlady Polestar’s gaze.