Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1688: Ferocious Behemoth

Imperial Lord Behemoth appeared in front of the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast as though it had teleported. Its black iron-like claws struck its head.

The Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast roared and didn’t dodge. It opened its mouth filled with strange teeth and bit at Imperial Lord Behemoth.

Imperial Lord Behemoth was only about three meters tall. It was slightly taller than ordinary humans, but it appeared a little small in front of the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast that was about ten meters long.

If this bite landed, most of Imperial Lord Behemoth’s body would probably be inside its mouth. It might even be devoured whole.

Everything happened in a split second. The disciples of the Niten Flying Immortal Palace couldn’t see what happened. Even an existence like Sei Gasakai could only see the two beams of light collide before a shockwave that resembled a nuclear explosion surged over.

Sei Gasakai, Honn Shinsakura, and company couldn’t help but be alarmed. Although they were still five to ten kilometers away from the battlefield, the range of the shockwave was too great. They weren’t afraid, but most of the ordinary disciples of the Niten Flying Immortal Palace would probably be killed by the shockwave.

Seeing the shockwave that brought with it mud and sand sweeping over, the ordinary disciples were so shocked that they forgot to escape. In fact, even if they tried their best to escape, it was impossible for them to escape the range of the shockwave.

Just as countless disciples were in despair, they saw the huge shockwave suddenly vanish without a trace. The sand and rocks that filled the sky fell and formed a huge ring-shaped slope with the battlefield as the center.

Everyone looked over in horror and saw a figure standing in front of the ring-shaped slope. It was Zhou Wen.

The terrifying shockwave seemed to come to a halt when it reached him. It descended like dust as though Zhou Wen was a god that couldn’t be desecrated. Nothing in the world could violate him at all.

Zhou Wen had only used the Teacher Domain to ban the rules of force in the area, preventing the shockwave from continuing. This also indirectly meant that the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast hadn’t reached the Heaven level. Otherwise, the Teacher Domain wouldn’t have completely forbidden a perfect domain power.

On the battlefield, Imperial Lord Behemoth’s two claws grabbed the upper and lower jaws of the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast and forcefully resisted its bite, preventing it from fully closing its fang-filled mouth. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast exerted strength with its four claws as it charged forward with all its might. It pushed Imperial Lord Behemoth’s body back as its legs left a deep mark on the ground.

“Roar!” Just as everyone thought that Imperial Lord Behemoth was no match for the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast, the three strange horns on Imperial Lord Behemoth’s head emitted a mysterious glow, transforming into a black crown. The horn in the middle emitted a mysterious glow like a black pearl embedded in the crown which enveloped Imperial Lord Behemoth’s body like black-iron imperial armor.

Updates by . com

With the appearance of the crown, Imperial Lord Behemoth’s eyes turned blood-red as its body expanded. It instantly became a massive beast that was dozens of meters tall. Its two feet blocked the impact of the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast one after another.

The two monsters were in a stalemate. They clashed like prehistoric monsters. Neither of them retreated half a step, but the ground beneath their claws fractured as though an earthquake was running through.

Zhou Wen looked at Imperial Lord Behemoth in surprise. This fellow’s strength was stronger than Zhou Wen imagined. The Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast was undoubtedly at the Hell level. Only Imperial Lord Behemoth could actually withstand the power of the Hell-level creature at the Human Realm without being at a disadvantage. Just this alone made Zhou Wen feel that his usage of the Emperor Star was indeed worth it.

What surprised Zhou Wen even more was that Imperial Lord Behemoth gradually gained the upper hand. It slowly split open the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast’s mouth that was about to close.

The Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast let out a strange whimper as it stomped the ground with its four claws, hoping to slam Imperial Lord aside. However, no matter what crazy actions it took, Imperial Lord Behemoth’s body, which was emitting a mystic glow, didn’t budge at all. It still slowly split opened the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast’s mouth.

Roar!

The Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast roared again as a strange energy fluctuation emitted from its body. The river in the valley seemed to be attracted by some force as it swept up huge waves.

The towering wave instantly drowned Imperial Lord Behemoth’s body as it swept towards disciples of the Niten Flying Immortal Palace behind without stopping. However, when the wave reached Zhou Wen, it was like a toilet being flushed. All the water flowed down without touching Zhou Wen’s body.

The disciples of the Niten Flying Immortal Palace were dumbfounded. Although they had long treated Zhou Wen as a top-notch human, such godlike actions still left them alarmed and envious.

Zhou Wen didn’t expand the range of the Teacher Domain’s power to the battlefield. He wanted to see how powerful Imperial Lord Behemoth’s true combat strength was.

In the battlefield where water surged and mud tumbled, the roars of mutated beasts resounded through the world.

The disciples of the Niten Flying Immortal Palace only saw mud and rocks tumbling. They couldn’t see the battle inside at all until a shocking scream sounded.

The water and mud that were swept up instantly fell, revealing the figures of two behemoths.

The originally extremely terrifying Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast was lifted up by Imperial Lord Behemoth. Imperial Lord Behemoth’s two claws still held onto its upper and lower jaw, but at that moment, the mouth of the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast had already been widened to the extreme. The corners of its mouth had cracked open as the scales on its face cracked and blood gushed out.

Now, the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast was like a kitten or puppy with its mouth torn open in front of the huge Imperial Lord Behemoth. It could only struggle and scream.

However, no matter how its claws attacked Imperial Lord Behemoth, they only left claw marks that weren’t too deep on the mystic light armor around Imperial Lord Behemoth’s body. As for the claw marks, they instantly healed.

Imperial Lord Behemoth didn’t seem to feel anything. It ignored the final struggle of the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast and slowly tore its mouth apart, hoping to rip its head into two.

Chi!

The Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast’s bloody chin was torn open. In pain, the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast unleashed its potential. It struggled backward with all its might, snapping the fangs that Imperial Lord Behemoth was holding. Only then did it escape its control and tumble to the ground.

The disciples of the Niten Flying Immortal Palace looked at Imperial Lord Behemoth, who had a broken tooth in one hand and a bloody chin in the other. It was as though they were looking at a devil king who had walked out of hell.

The Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast, which was virtually invincible overseas, had been ravaged by Imperial Lord Behemoth like a kitten or puppy. Even its chin had been ripped off. It was just terrifying.

The typical disciple was envious, but the Elders were secretly rejoicing. They were glad that Honn Shinsakura hadn’t listened to them and insisted on heading to Guide Ancient City. Now, they understood his insistence.

Such a figure and such a Companion Beast were probably rare even among the six families.

Zhou Wen imagined that the Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast was about to escape. Just as he was about to cooperate with Imperial Lord Behemoth to kill it, he suddenly saw an unbelievable scene.

The Water Avoidance Gold-Eyed Beast didn’t escape. Instead, it bent its front hooves and bowed its head at Imperial Lord Behemoth as though it was kneeling until its forehead touched the ground.