Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1691: Great Samsara Wheel

“Child of Buddha who walks the world, your tamed Companion Beast has already reached the Heaven level. You will be rewarded.” With the words appearing on the chat window on the phone, something flew out from the three-faced Buddha’s head and floated in front of Zhou Wen.

It was an irregular crystal the size of a fist. The crystal emitted a strange dark golden light that looked a little like a Buddhistic glow, but it was also somewhat different.

Great Samsara Wheel!?Zhou Wen was alarmed when he saw the information on the crystal.

Great Samsara Wheel: A world-destroying item with destructive energy. Can be used to advance to the Apocalypse grade. There are a total of three. This is one of them.

Zhou Wen was truly alarmed. He had never seen what the Apocalypse grade looked like. It was unimaginable that this thing could advance a person to the Apocalypse grade.

Can this thing allow my Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra to advance to the Apocalypse grade? Then wouldn’t I be invincible? Ignoring staying on Earth, even counterattacking the dimension isn’t a dream…?Just as Zhou Wen was fantasizing, the three-faced Buddha spoke again.

“The other two Great Samsara Wheels will be obtained by the other two Sons of Buddha after their tamed Companion Beasts advance to the Heaven level. Only by gathering all three Great Samsara Wheels together and using their power can one advance to the Apocalypse grade.”

Holy sh*t, so this thing is a defective product!?Zhou Wen was depressed.

Although Zhou Wen didn’t know who the other two people who had obtained Small Buddha Temple’s Companion Beasts were, he didn’t know how long it would take for their Companion Beasts to advance to the Heaven level. He had to pray that they didn’t die prematurely. Otherwise, there would be no hope for the three Great Samsara Wheels.

Zhou Wen was still wondering how many chances he had of obtaining the three Great Samsara Wheels when he saw the three-faced Buddha continue speaking. “The three tamed Companion Beasts were originally one. Only by fusing them into one can they advance to the Apocalypse grade…”

As the voice gradually weakened, the golden light in the three-faced Buddha’s eyes gradually converged. Finally, they closed their eyes and returned to their lifeless statues.

What do you mean originally one? It’s basically to make the three Sons of Buddha and the tamed Companion Beasts fight and devour each other. In the end, only one can obtain all the benefits, Zhou Wen thought.

Looking at the motionless three-faced Buddha, Zhou Wen was considering a very important problem.

Although the three-faced Buddha didn’t say it clearly, he guessed that one had to be at the Heaven level to use the power of the three Great Samsara Wheels to advance to the Apocalypse grade.

Updates by . com

The problem was that his Samsara Wheel was in-game, so it was impossible for him to take it out of the game. As for the other two Sons of Buddha, even if they could obtain the Great Samsara Wheel, it would be in reality. Even if Zhou Wen could snatch the other two Great Samsara Wheels back, it would be difficult for him to bring them into the game.

In other words, it was impossible for Zhou Wen to gather all three Great Samsara Wheels no matter what.

Is this considered a bug in-game??Zhou Wen was somewhat helpless as he looked at the Great Samsara Wheel in-game.

Although Small Buddha Temple basically couldn’t respawn and it wouldn’t be a problem to leave the Great Samsara Wheel here, it was useless to just leave it there. It needed all three wheels to be used.

I wonder if this thing can be used now??Zhou Wen attempted to use the Great Samsara Wheel in-game. He had only made a casual attempt believing that he was only at the Terror grade. Furthermore, this thing was incomplete. It was unlikely that he could really use it.

However, to his surprise, the Great Samsara Wheel immediately flashed with a dark-gold glow as it charged into the blood-colored avatar’s body. Then, the blood-colored avatar’s entire body was dyed dark-gold. It was like a dark-gold figure of light as the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra circulated crazily.

Holy sh*t, that works too!

?Zhou Wen felt the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra circulate crazily as the Terror-form Great Brahma automatically appeared. Its entire body emitted a dark-gold glow like a world-destroying fiend.

Zhou Wen and the blood-colored avatar shared the same feeling. Now, Zhou Wen felt that the blood-colored avatar was enduring an indescribable sense of comfort.

That’s right, it was indeed comfortable.

If any other Essence Energy Art were to suddenly obtain such immense energy, they would definitely be in extreme pain even if they could barely absorb it. Their bodies would explode from the excessive energy, so how could they feel comfortable?

The Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra was completely different. Zhou Wen felt comfortable as though he had eaten a ginseng fruit. His pores were filled with joy as he felt light as though he had fallen into the clouds.

Ever since he began cultivating, Zhou Wen had only had one thought for cultivation—hardship. However, today, it had changed Zhou Wen’s views drastically. He never knew that cultivating could be so comfortable.

Amidst this comfortable feeling, Zhou Wen even heard a decadent sound. An illusion of a beautiful Buddha girl circling him appeared in his mind.

Could it be that Small Buddha Temple cultivates in Happiness Meditation??Zhou Wen no longer felt as simple as being comfortable. He felt orgasmic.

Zhou Wen’s willpower was firm, so he wouldn’t succumb to it. However, the feeling was extremely pleasant. Furthermore, Zhou Wen could tell that this wasn’t some set of methods that questioned himself or a test of his willpower.

Great Brahma’s appearance was very similar to the three-faced Buddha, but he had four faces and eight arms. The front and left faces represented the pity and kindness of the world without any desire. Only the face on his back had never been seen. Even Zhou Wen himself didn’t know what the face looked like. All he could sense was that the eyes on the face were secretly peeping at all life.

As the power of the Great Samsara Wheel constantly surged in, the dark-gold light on Great Brahma’s body intensified as his head slowly spun.

The head spun instead of turning. The face on its back slowly spun to the front, and the face in front was slowly spun to the back.

The frontal face showed no joy or sorrow. It represented zero desires, so he didn’t have the ability to take the initiative to attack. This was also why Zhou Wen didn’t often use Great Brahma. It was just too passive.

When the face at the back gradually spun around, Zhou Wen could already see his side profile.

It was an extremely beautiful face. It was hard to tell if it was male or female, but it was extremely beautiful. Coupled with that faint smile, it gave off a charm that prevented him from moving his eyes away. He wished he could look at this face for the rest of his life.

However, on this face was a pair of sinister eyes. The eyes were also extremely beautiful, but if one looked at them for a long time, they would feel a chill in their hearts. The longer one looked at them, the more terrified they became.

If he kept staring at those eyes, he would probably go crazy from fear.

Such a face matched with such eyes was truly unfathomable.

When the face turned to the front, Zhou Wen’s comfort reached its peak. Then, he instantly fell from the clouds into the valley. The feeling of all the prosperity going to zero instantly occupied Zhou Wen’s heart. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

And at that moment, the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra’s domain condensed and advanced to the Calamity grade.