Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1717 A Delicate Situation

“Junior Brother, it’s not that I don’t want to help you, but it’s just that you’re too unlucky As a person, you have to accept your fate. In the future, I’ll burn more paper money for you every year. Three incense sticks every year will definitely be plenty…” Liu Yun inched back as he spoke.

The pheasant stared intently at Zhou Wen’s head as it carefully raised its claws and carefully approached him, like a ferocious bird that could attack at any moment.

Liu Yun had seen the speed of the pheasant. With a peck from it, the grass fruit baby might be able to dodge it, but Zhou Wen probably wouldn’t be able to. Perhaps the beak would pierce through his head. No matter how powerful his recovery abilities were, he probably wouldn’t survive.

Zhou Wen stared at the pheasant without moving his body, but his brain was rapidly working

If Zhou Wen were to reach out to chase the grass fruit baby away, he might lure the pheasant into attacking immediately. However, if Zhou Wen didn’t take action, the pheasant’s aura would reach an unbelievable level. It would probably be even harder to deal with it.

There was no solution. Instantly, Zhou Wen fell into a dilemma.

If it were an ordinary person, their first choice would definitely be to shake off the grass fruit baby on their head, but Zhou Wen didn’t do so.

The grass fruit baby clearly wants to use me as a shield, but unfortunately, I’m not someone who can be controlled by you. You need to pay the price for using me. With a thought, Zhou Wen circulated the First Order of Chaos. The Chaos Egg instantly enveloped his body, including the grass fruit baby above him.

The Chaos Egg could typically only protect Zhou Wen, but if the object was very close to him, such as his clothes, it would also be within its confines.

Zhou Wen watched from the side for a long time and could tell that although the grass fruit baby’s escape technique was special, its offensive strength was probably far inferior to that of the pheasant. After enveloping it in the Chaos Egg and with Great Brahma protecting him, he didn’t have to worry about the grass fruit baby harming him inside.

When the grass fruit baby realized that it was trapped by the Chaos Egg, it wasn’t worried at first. It even sized up the Chaos Egg curiously.

When the pheasant saw the Chaos Egg, it was also somewhat curious. It didn’t attack immediately. After observing for a moment, it exerted strength with its claws and, like a ghost, appeared by the Chaos Egg. It struck down at the Chaos Egg with its beak.

The Chaos Egg’s defense was almost invincible. Even the Heaven-level Starlady Polestar couldn’t break through the Chaos Egg’s defense. It was only because her strength was too powerful that it produced too many Essence Energy Crystals in the Chaos Egg, causing it to explode.

Although the pheasant’s strike was terrifying and had the ability to penetrate all seemingly indestructible objects, it failed to penetrate the Chaos Egg

The Chaos Egg’s outer shell was crushed by the beak like a deformed balloon. However, it ultimately didn’t shatter, managing to block the pheasant’s beak.

Inside the Chaos Egg, a large number of Essence Energy Crystals appeared out of thin air. The production was in no way inferior to the speed at which Starlady Polestar’s attacks produced them. This strike nearly filled the Chaos Egg with Essence Energy Crystals. It was almost without gaps.

The grass fruit baby was alarmed as its figure flashed in a bid to escape with an escape technique.

However, its head slammed into the Chaos Egg-it failed to escape. It bounced back and landed on Zhou Wen’s head again. Zhou Wen felt a lot more at ease. Although the pheasant’s offensive strength was powerful, it was still within the Calamity grade range. It didn’t have any crushing destructive power.

As long as it’s not at the Apocalypse grade, my Great Brahma might be able to put up a fight. Zhou Wen secretly heaved a sigh of relief.

The grass fruit baby was somewhat anxious. It tried a few more times, but it failed to rush out of the Chaos Egg. Just as Zhou Wen had expected, although its escape technique was very special, it was difficult to realize it in an independent space like the Chaos Egg.

Blame yourself for taking the hard way out. You asked for it; don’t blame me. As Zhou Wen’s mind raced, the Chaos Egg flew into the garden. At the same time, he used Imperial Lord Behemoth to devour the large number of Essence Energy Crystals produced by the Chaos Egg.

The originally flustered grass fruit baby suddenly stopped and stared at the Essence Energy Crystals as though it had discovered a new brand new world.

No way? Zhou Wen realized something. Before he could do anything, the grass fruit baby opened its mouth and sucked in the Essence Energy Crystals nearby.

Its tiny mouth didn’t look big, but its devouring speed was even faster than the Imperial Lord Behemoth. In a moment, it sucked most of the Essence Energy Crystals into its stomach.

Its petite body was like a bottomless pit. A large number of Essence Energy Crystals were sucked in, but its belly didn’t react at all. It didn’t even swell.

The pheasant outside seemed a little surprised that its attack failed. When it saw the Chaos Egg fly towards the garden, it attacked with its beak again. Although the Chaos Egg wasn’t slow, it was much slower than the pheasant. The latter easily struck it.

A large number of Essence Energy Crystals were produced in the Chaos Egg again. According to Zhou Wen’s original calculations, even if Imperial Lord Behemoth were to devour the Essence Energy Crystals, the Chaos Egg could only withstand four or five strikes before it exploded from the excessive crystals. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

However, now that the grass fruit baby had sucked in a large number of Essence Energy Crystals while the pheasant had repeatedly pecked at the Chaos Egg, there weren’t many Essence Energy Crystals produced-most of them were sucked away by the grass fruit baby.

This fellow is indeed Egg Sovereign… However, this thing’s defense is stronger than I imagined. It can actually withstand such attacks! Liu Yun was alarmed.

What surprised him wasn’t Zhou Wen being Egg Sovereign, but the Chaos Egg’s defense.

Liu Yun didn’t know the trick underlying it and imagined that the Chaos Egg could really withstand the pheasant, but Zhou Wen couldn’t help but frown slightly.

Although he was temporarily safe and the Chaos Egg wouldn’t explode anytime soon, the grass fruit baby’s body gradually underwent a strange change as it constantly absorbed Essence Energy Crystals.

Its body was snow-white and crystalline like a snow-white lotus root, but at that moment, a strange red glow gradually suffused from it.

The red glow was misty and smokelike as it seeped out of the snow-white body, giving the baby a ruddy look. It was as though a pale-faced patient had regained their color.

As a large number of Essence Energy Crystals were sucked away by it, the red glow intensified.

The pheasant attacked a few times, but it failed to crack the Chaos Egg. It seemed to be vexed as it exerted all its strength. Its head was like a sewing machine as it kept pecking at the Chaos Egg.

The number of Essence Energy Crystals in the Chaos Egg increased exponentially. Zhou Wen was originally worried that it would explode, but he never expected the baby’s absorption speed to increase. The Essence Energy Crystals that were just produced were sucked into its stomach almost immediately.