Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1760 King Bathed in Holy Light ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

The strange white light descended from the sky seemingly without going through any process. It landed on Zhou Wen without any space to dodge. Ignoring Zhou Wen’s present speed, even if his speed was a hundred times faster, it would be difficult for him to dodge the white light that appeared out of thin air.

Zhou Wen wasn’t flustered. He was no longer the weakling who knew nothing and was always on tenterhooks. He already had a knowledge framework in his heart that could analyze all sorts of unknown powers. For such an impossible-to-block force that directly acted on one’s body, it was impossible for it to be a fatal force, and it was very unlikely a damaging skill.

Indeed, when the white light landed on Zhou Wen, it didn’t harm his body, but it instantly made him feel like he was being suppressed by a mountain. His legs trembled as his knees involuntarily bent.

Instantly, Zhou Wen knew what power it was. He was half right. It wasn’t a power that could directly kill him, but this power would still harm his body. He was too familiar with such power and had seen it countless times.

It was a power similar to the Sigh of the King. No, to be precise, it was similar to the power of the strange woman who resided in his body with the Sigh of the King.

As the woman didn’t have a corporeal body, she naturally couldn’t control corporeal powers. This white light was the same as the woman with the Sigh of the King. They were purely psychic powers.

In this world, the psyche was the most profound thing. Even at Zhou Wen’s level, it was impossible for him to turn his psyche into a corporeal entity. He couldn’t even make a piece of paper fly with his psyche.

No matter how powerful one’s will was, they could only control their bodies and not affect others.

The other skills that looked like they were using the psychic powers for strength control were only using psychic powers to control some kind of power in one’s body. It wasn’t purely the psychic power in action.

/

It was just like sword intent. Sword intent was a combination of sword force and the psyche. It wasn’t pure psychic power. Such sword intent could only affect the other party’s psyche and not cause any actual damage to matter.

However, Zhou Wen had seen two-and-a-half people who could directly materialize their psyche and use it on external objects.

One was the woman with the Sigh of the King, and the other was this white light. The reason there was another half was that Zhou Wen wasn’t sure if the person was using pure psychic powers.

That half was The Thearch. Since she could make a wish come true, Zhou Wen believed that the wish itself was a psychic power. However, he couldn’t confirm it, so he could only count it as half.

The white beam’s psychic power wasn’t weaker than the Sigh of the King that Zhou Wen had seen before. It was even stronger. It could cross space and force him to bend his knees. The existence of this psychic power was unimaginably powerful.

Are Apocalypse-grade experts that terrifying? Zhou Wen was alarmed. He had already used all his strength, but his knees were still rapidly buckling to the ground.

In fact, not all Apocalypse-grade creatures had such psychic powers. Or rather, it could be said that very few creatures could reach such a level.

The tangible powers transformed from firm willpower and psychic power were on completely different levels. No matter how firm Zhou Wen’s willpower was, he couldn’t stop his legs from bending.

Looking at Zhou Wen’s bent legs, Trajectory Seeking thought to herself, You want to be my teacher and receive my kowtow? I’m just afraid you don’t have the life to accept it.

Trajectory Seeking knew it very well. How arrogant was the pride of a god-like weapon like Nameless God? How could it tolerate its contractor bowing to any other creature?

After three kowtows, Zhou Wen was already a dead person in the eyes of Trajectory Seeking.

I gave you a chance before. You were the one who chose to let me take you as my master. You can’t blame me even if you die. However, it’s not a loss for you to die under the power of Nameless God. If you weren’t an Apocalypse-grade existence, Nameless God wouldn’t have bothered to react. With this in mind, Trajectory Seeking still felt a little uncomfortable. She originally didn’t have any intention to kill, but she had been forced into such a situation. In her anger, she kowtowed. Looking at Zhou Wen who was about to kneel, she thought to herself, Don’t be so eager to be someone else’s teacher in your next life, much less be my teacher.

Li Xuan, Feng Qiuyan, Ming Xiu, Qin Zhen, and company, who were close to Zhou Wen, all had top-notch combat strength among humans. However, just the aftershocks of the white light made them stand rooted to the ground. No matter how they struggled, they couldn’t move at all.

It wasn’t just them. In fact, no one in Guide City could move. Humans with weaker strength and willpower were pressed to the ground.

Feng Qiuyan, Ming Xiu, and company also fought the force with all their might, but their knees had already fallen to the ground. Despite pressing their hands against the ground, they were still unable to withstand it. Their bodies were about to collapse to the ground.

Li Xuan stood there motionless without bending his knees. All he heard was his bones cracking as broken bones protruded from his flesh.

Qin Zhen propped herself up on the ground with her sword and forced herself not to kneel. However, the sword was quickly pressed into the ground. Her body quickly approached the ground and she had no choice but to lie down.

What kind of existence was Nameless God? With his contractor kneeling on the ground, how could others stand? They couldn’t even kneel, much less stand.

Since Trajectory Seeking was kneeling, everyone could only prostrate themselves.

And this was only the aftershocks from the psychic power. Zhou Wen, who was facing it head-on, had yet to touch the ground with his knees. His strength and will far exceeded everyone’s, but it was still insufficient to resist the power.

Trajectory Seeking closed her eyes. She had already expected the outcome and didn’t wish to see Zhou Wen’s tragic state of being completely destroyed by the psychic power.

Trajectory Seeking closed her eyes and waited for the sound of bones cracking and blood splattering. However, after waiting for quite some time, she only heard the sounds of the people by the side slamming into the ground. She didn’t hear the sound of Zhou Wen’s knees hitting the ground, much less the sounds of bones cracking as she imagined.

Could it be that his body was completely reduced to dust before he could hit the ground because of Nameless God’s wrath? Trajectory Seeking couldn’t help but open her eyes and look at Zhou Wen.

In the next second, when she saw things clearly, her eyes widened as though she had seen a ghost. Her face was filled with shock and disbelief.

Zhou Wen wasn’t reduced to dust as she had imagined, nor was he kneeling on the ground as she had imagined. Zhou Wen was standing there perfectly fine. His knees that had been bent previously were now straight.

It wasn’t just his knees. Even his spine was straight. Even his head was raised high without any signs of looking down and out.

Zhou Wen stood ramrod straight as he raised his head and stared into the void like a king bathed in holy light.