Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1770 Covenant of God

The golden Three-Eyed God slowly walked down the stairs and arrived in front of Zhou Wen and Demonic Neonate. At the same time, he pressed down with his palm.

Zhou Wen’s heart skipped a beat as he had the urge to draw his sword. However, Demonic Neonate’s tiny hand tugged at him slightly as though telling him not to be nervous.

I’ll believe you this once. Don’t screw me over, Neonate! Zhou Wen held back the urge to draw his sword and thought to himself.

The spectators watched as the golden Three-Eyed God pressed down with his palm, but Zhou Wen didn’t move. Their hearts immediately rose to their throats.

However, to everyone’s surprise, the golden Three-Eyed God’s palm didn’t strike Zhou Wen and Demonic Neonate. Instead, it extended in front of them.

The way the golden Three-Eyed God bent down and extended his hand didn’t look like a provocation. Instead, it looked like a human male inviting a lady to dance.

This action was somewhat strange to humans, but to the alien big shots who knew the Gods well, they were already dumbfounded.

Trajectory Seeking’s eyes widened as though she had seen a ghost.

She naturally knew that this action wasn’t an invitation to dance, but it was also an invitation etiquette. It was also a ritual unique to the Gods.

Zhou Wen was still looking at the terrifying creature in front of him, unsure what he meant. Just as he was pondering over it, Demonic Neonate pulled his hand slightly, gesturing for him to raise his hand and meet the palm of the golden Three-Eyed God.

Zhou Wen knew that Demonic Neonate wouldn’t harm him. He hesitated for a moment before taking the initiative to extend his hand to meet the golden Three-Eyed God’s huge palm. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

When the golden Three-Eyed God saw Zhou Wen extend his hand, a strange glint flashed in his eyes. However, it only lasted a moment. His actions didn’t change, nor did his palm move.

Finally, Zhou Wen pressed his palm on the hand of the golden Three-Eyed God, or rather, on the tip of one of his fingers. The Three-Eyed God was just too big. A finger was much bigger than Zhou Wen’s palm.

At the instant the two palms touched, the golden Three-Eyed God emitted a strange golden divine light that wrapped around Zhou Wen’s palm like countless golden threads.

Instantly, golden divine light shone brightly, causing the entire screen to be filled with golden light. It was almost impossible to see the scene inside.

“Covenant of God… The golden Three-Eyed God… and a human… How is this possible…” Trajectory Seeking stared blankly at the dazzling golden scene. Her brain couldn’t function anymore.

The Gods were a very ancient race in the dimension. They were also a unique existence among many strange lifeforms.

Gods were born with peak strength. They weren’t like ordinary alien races that could continue raising their strength.

The only way for Gods to continue raising their strength was through the Covenant of God. This was a ritual or contract that only Gods could use.

The other races in the dimension couldn’t use the Covenant of God, not because it was profound, but because the Covenant of God required the special physiques of a God to be of use. Without the special physiques of the Gods, the Covenant of God couldn’t be reached.

The physique of the Gods was originally that of the three-eyed giant, but once the Covenant of God was made, a God’s body would undergo a strange change.

Amidst the golden light, the body of the golden Three-Eyed God gradually changed. In a moment, he no longer looked human. Furthermore, his body was rapidly shrinking.

Soon, the golden Three-Eyed God vanished. Only a very special golden trident remained in Zhou Wen’s palm.

The golden trident was somewhat similar to a Heaven Scorcher Halberd. It was completely made of gold, and at the point of contact, there was a golden gem that resembled an eye.

The trident was covered in mysterious and strange patterns that shimmered with a soul-stirring glow, as though it was a divine artifact used by gods.

No, it should be said that this was a divine artifact, a weapon formed by a God.

Zhou Wen held the golden trident and felt the majestic power that resembled an endless sea of stars inside. He was stunned.

The golden trident’s strength was just too powerful. It was so powerful that Zhou Wen felt that his strength was trivial.

Without a doubt, the golden Three-Eyed God that had transformed into the golden trident was an Apocalypse-grade existence. Such a powerful existence had actually taken the initiative to transform into his weapon.

Or rather, he had taken the initiative to transform into Demonic Neonate’s weapon. This left Zhou Wen in disbelief. He had already overestimated Demonic Neonate’s origins, but now, he had no choice but to reevaluate her origins.

Zhou Wen could tell that the golden Three-Eyed God had originally chosen Demonic Neonate. It was only because of Demonic Neonate’s choice that the golden Three-Eyed God ultimately made a covenant with Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen could tell, but others couldn’t. Everyone only saw the golden giant take the initiative to transform into Zhou Wen’s weapon. Many people exclaimed.

“Young lady, what did I say? Our City Lord Zhou is a godlike figure. That giant knows how powerful City Lord Zhou is and took the initiative to acknowledge him as his master, turning him into our City Lord Zhou’s weapon…” The elder who had spoken to Trajectory Seeking previously wore a look as though it was only right. It was as though the golden Three-Eyed God was poor in acumen if he hadn’t acknowledged Zhou Wen as his master.

Trajectory Seeking was rendered speechless. She didn’t know how to refute. She didn’t even have the mood to refute. At this moment, she hadn’t recovered from her shock.

In fact, it wasn’t just Trajectory Seeking. The experts of the six Holy races, the Immortals, the Ghosts, and the Spirits were dumbfounded. They couldn’t recover from their shock for a long time.

When the Gods were at their peak, the Covenant of God had also been used, but most of them were low-level gods who used the Covenant of God to form a covenant with other alien races.

Gods were divided into green, blue, white, and gold levels according to the color of the vertical eye. The green-eyed Gods were the weakest, but they were also born at the Calamity grade.

The white-eyed Gods were born at the Apocalypse grade, so it was almost impossible for them to form an alliance with other races, much less the strongest golden Three-Eyed Gods.

Typically, the Gods that formed a covenant with other races were mostly green-eyed and blue-eyed Gods. Even so, once a green-eyed God was willing to form a covenant with the other races, they would be in high demand.

If one wasn’t an Apocalypse-grade big shot, it was very rare for them to obtain the favor of the green-eyed God.

The Apocalypse-grade big shots were naturally not fools. The Calamity-grade green-eyed Gods were useless to them, but after using the Covenant of God, they became weapons that could grow. Furthermore, they were weapons with high intelligence. They were incomparable to ordinary weapons.

Now, a human youth had actually been acknowledged by the golden Three-Eyed God and formed the Covenant of God, becoming a weapon for the human youth. How could they not be surprised?

Throughout the history of the Gods, such a thing was virtually unprecedented.