Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 1799 All Lives Are Equal

Prisoner: Apocalypse grade (Incomplete Body) Life Providence: All Life Life Soul: All Life Wheel of Destiny: All Life (S-grade)

Terror Form: All Life

Calamity Zone: All Life (Heaven level)

New World: All Life

Strength: 1,013

Speed: 1,014

Constitution: 1,052

Essence Energy: 1,000

Talent Skill: None

Companion Form: Soul

Zhou Wen was stunned when he saw the silver-haired Companion Beast’s stats.

It wasn’t because he was ridiculously strong, but because he was too weak. A dignified Apocalypse-grade Companion Beast only had such stats.

Just the Calamity-grade Mystic Thearch and Truth Listener’s stats were about the same as his. Apart from having the New World that the Apocalypse grade should have, he didn’t have anything that stood out.

......

What was even more surprising was that his Life Providence, Life Soul, Wheel of Destiny, Terror transformation, Calamity Zone, and New World were all the same.

He’s an Apocalypse-grade Companion Beast at the end of the day. Why is he so weak? Zhou Wen summoned Prisoner.

Silver light flashed as the silver-haired Companion Beast appeared in front of him again. His hair was still messy and his clothes were disheveled. However, the silver-haired Companion Beast’s eyes had already lost their luster. He was like a puppet that only knew how to follow Zhou Wen’s orders.

From the looks of it, the silver-haired Companion Beast no longer had a sense of self. Zhou Wen was somewhat disappointed. He originally hoped to obtain some useful information from him, but from the looks of it, it was impossible.

Thankfully, his companion form is a soul. I can be imbued with his powers. Zhou Wen ordered Prisoner to transform into a soul and attach himself to him.

The silver light fused into Zhou Wen’s body as his hair and pupils turned silver. His hair strangely grew longer, almost reaching his feet. His armor also seemed to be plated with a layer of silver.

What’s the use of this All Life New World? I hope it doesn’t disappoint me. Zhou Wen felt the power Prisoner gave him.

After Zhou Wen’s eight techniques fused into one, his comprehension of strength far exceeded the ordinary Calamity grade. He wasn’t inferior to the Apocalypse grade and even exceeded it in certain things.

After carefully comprehending it for a moment, Zhou Wen revealed a look of delight.

The power of All Life exceeded Zhou Wen’s expectations. Although Prisoner’s abilities were all one and the same, they were very useful.

If he wanted to use a word to describe the abilities of All Life, Zhou Wen felt that he only needed to add the word “equality” behind it.

Within the power range of the All Life New World, be it immortals, saints, buddhas, or demons, they were all equal. They all had the right to die.

Yes, right. It wasn’t to kill the enemy, but to let him obtain the right to die.

This power didn’t have any substantial lethality. It didn’t sound impressive, but on careful thought, one could tell that it was a very crazy ability.

When Zhou Wen fought Transcendent Immortal, she had displayed extraordinary self-healing abilities. The damage Zhou Wen had dealt to her wasn’t as fast as her self-healing speed.

However, after possessing All Life, she couldn’t heal from the injuries Zhou Wen inflicted. Even powerhouses with the ability to revive wouldn’t be revived.

Together with Zhou Wen’s own Human Realm domain, it could be said to be a perfect match.

Although my physique is a little lacking, this ability is impressive. Now, Zhou Wen completely believed Prisoner’s previous words.

It was likely that he had been dug out ahead of time. Otherwise, his stats wouldn’t be so bad, nor would he be crippled.

What a pity. I wonder how strong a complete Earth Companion Beast will be. Zhou Wen felt regretful.

What delighted Zhou Wen even more was that the power of New World’s All Life could affect the wish mark The Thearch had left on him.

However, it only had an effect; it didn’t not fully remove it!

Zhou Wen didn’t know if this influence could completely isolate the connection between The Thearch and him, but it was better than having no defense at all.

From the looks of it, I have to make a trip to Chess Mountain to completely eliminate the wish mark, Zhou Wen thought to himself.

The safest way was to advance to the Apocalypse grade before heading to Chess Mountain.

However, Zhou Wen hadn’t come up with anything other than killing Apocalypse-grade creatures and obtaining their powers to rise up the ranks.

But how many Apocalypse-grade creatures were there on Earth? Which one could Zhou Wen kill?

The places on Earth that Zhou Wen suspected to have Apocalypse-grade creatures were Mount Laojun, Small Buddha Temple, and a few others. The most likely place was Chess Mountain.

There was also an Apocalypse grade that Zhou Wen was basically certain of-Sweetie.

Of course, it was impossible for Zhou Wen to kill Sweetie. Even if he wanted to kill her, he couldn’t find her. It was even more likely that he wasn’t Sweetie’s match.

He glanced at the trapped humanoid creature and put away the stone saber. He lifted him up and locked him in a palace.

He was very likely a human who had boarded that huge ship. Perhaps he could gain some clues from him in the future.

However, before that, Zhou Wen had to find someone who was good at stealing soul information. As his thoughts were in a mess, he definitely wouldn’t be able to get anything out of him.

He got Zhang Yuzhi to try to appease the humanoid creature. After a few attempts, he realized that as long as the stone saber didn’t appear near him, Zhang Yuzhi’s ability was still very effective against him.

What has this stone saber got to do with him? Zhou Wen was momentarily at a loss.

The origins of the stone saber were very problematic. Logically speaking, the Human Sovereign Stone Saber was likely related to Suirenshi.

However, the stone saber was on Fire God Platform. Fire God Platform was called Fire God Platform, but it was actually an observatory. It had nothing to do with Suirenshi. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

What’s the use of this saber? Zhou Wen held the stone saber and studied it.

There was indeed a masculine Yang force in the saber. It was as red as fire, but the power it truly stimulated wasn’t fire-elemental.

Ordinary powers couldn’t be released from the stone saber. No matter how much Essence Energy Zhou Wen injected, the stone saber couldn’t release an inch of saber aura.

A stone saber that could only be used in melee combat could only be tested in actual combat.

In the dimension.

On a mountain that burned like the sun, the temperature was probably capable of instantly melting steel.

However, on such a mountain, there was an extremely majestic palace made of gold.

This was where the Solarians lived. It was one of the strongest races in the dimension and had several Apocalypse-grade experts.

In the past, if another race came to Inocciduus Divine Mountain, even an Apocalypse-grade expert wouldn’t step past it. They would land at the foot of the mountain and walk up to the Sun God Temple.

However, today, a white figure floated above Inocciduus Divine Mountain and sized up the Sun God Temple beneath his feet.

“Wang Mingyuan, do you have a death wish?” Several ancient voices sounded from the Sun God Temple. The flames that enveloped the entire Inocciduus Divine Mountain raged crazily with the voices as though they wanted to burn the entire world to ashes.

“Death or submission is a choice you need to make,” Wang Mingyuan said indifferently.