Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1812 Unsealed Mount Laojun

After Zhou Lingfeng left, Zhou Wen kept digesting the news.

Almost all the questions were answered. Now, there was only one important question left.

Back when An Jing’s mother came on the boat, what had happened to make her plan fail?

As a result, the phone and Prisoner Companion Beast were lost, allowing Zhou Wen’s grandfather to dig them out of the ancient well.

Could it be related to the Battle of the Gods in the Shang and Zhou dynasties? Zhou Wen thought to himself. From all the information he had obtained, the Battle of the Gods was a turning point. Perhaps that was the reason An Jing’s mother had lost her phone.

The Battle of the Gods was started by Nüwa, but in fact, Nüwa didn’t exist at all. Nüwa was Earth itself.

The Nüwa statue in Nüwa Temple was made in the image of The Thearch’s human shell.

In other words, The Thearch was the one who had instigated the mythical Battle of the Gods. Furthermore, The Thearch and An Jing’s mother seemed to have had some kind of bet, forcing Zhou Wen to connect the two together.

Is it because of The Thearch that An Jing’s mother’s plan failed and she lost her phone and Companion Egg? Zhou Wen thought to himself.

If An Jing’s mother’s plan had completely succeeded, An Jing would have had the phone and Prisoner at the beginning. She would also be able to cultivate the Lost Immortal Sutra. An Jing’s growth would be unimaginable.

Without these, An Jing wasn’t much different from an ordinary person. She wasn’t especially outstanding, which was why she was born lacking.

It was useless to theorize now. Zhou Wen planned on advancing to the Apocalypse grade as soon as possible to deal with the impending calamity.

In less than a year, The Thearch would break free. Zhou Wen didn’t know what Wang Mingyuan was up to. These were all troublesome matters.

With his present strength, he wasn’t enough to deal with such a situation.

.....

Although Zhou Lingfeng didn’t know what Ouyang Ting and Wang Mingyuan were up to, Zhou Lingfeng’s words corroborated Jing Daoxian. Wang Mingyuan might not hate dimensional creatures the most, but humans.

If Wang Mingyuan really became the dimensional king, no one could predict what he would do. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

How can I advance to the Apocalypse grade? Zhou Wen could only think of a few places or enter the cosmos to search for new dimensional zones to see if he could find one.

He didn’t have the time to search for a needle in a haystack, so he planned on starting with Mount Laojun.

He switched on his phone and chose to enter Mount Laojun dungeon.

Mount Laojun dungeon was strange and unpredictable. It had a strange taboo power. It was very difficult for ordinary people to even enter, much less explore the dimensional zone.

These taboos were no longer of much use to him. Zhou Wen walked into Mount Laojun and began exploring it.

The white crane at the bridgehead was still there. With a thought, Zhou Wen killed the white crane with a sword beam.

‘Killed Calamity-grade creature, True Immortal Crane. The Dao has been naturally destroyed. Mount Laojun’s seal will be broken.’

Following the game’s notification, the whole of Mount Laojun’s Golden Peak was suddenly enveloped by a blood cloud. The sea of clouds in the sky churned like a sea of blood, dyeing all of Mount Laojun red.

In an instant, the tiny person condensed from Zhou Wen’s blood died on the spot for no reason. Without even knowing how he died, the game screen went black.

Zhou Wen wasn’t alarmed but delighted. He didn’t even know how he had died despite his present strength. This meant that there was likely something at the Apocalypse grade in Mount Laojun’s dungeon. He entered the dungeon again. Before killing the True Immortal Crane, Zhou Wen activated the Human Realm domain.

However, once Mount Laojun’s seal was broken, the game screen suddenly turned black again. He died for unknown reasons.

Is the unsealed Mount Laojun that terrifying? Zhou Wen was somewhat alarmed. He was an existence that could fight an Apocalypse-grade powerhouse. How did he die on Mount Laojun without even having a chance to fight?

He tried a few more times, but the outcome was the same. As long as he killed the True Immortal Crane and broke Mount Laojun’s seal, he would die for no reason.

Zhou Wen attempted to rush into Golden Peak’s Daoist temple without killing the True Immortal Crane. The True Immortal Crane chased after him, but it couldn’t catch up to Zhou Wen’s speed.

In the Daoist temple, he saw many other dimensional creatures that looked like small animals, but their levels were relatively low. They were inferior to the Calamity-grade True Immortal Crane.

When he arrived in the yard, he saw a crooked tree planted in a corner. Tied to the tree was an Azure Bull which was sleeping soundly on the ground.

Realizing that Zhou Wen had barged in, the Azure Bull was immediately jolted awake. It struggled free from its reins and charged at Zhou Wen.

Only a Calamity? Zhou Wen was somewhat disappointed when he saw the Azure Bull’s strength.

He originally imagined that being Taishang Laojun’s mount, the Azure Bull might be an Apocalypse-grade existence, but from the looks of it, Zhou Wen had clearly read too much into it.

Zhou Wen didn’t fight the Azure Bull. After using his speed to escape, he continued searching the Golden Peak.

However, the outcome left Zhou Wen somewhat disappointed. Apart from the Azure Bull and the True Immortal Crane, the other dimensional creatures were relatively weak. There were very few Terror-grade creatures, and some were the lowest Mortal creatures.

From the looks of it, the true secret of Mount Laojun lies after the seal is broken. As Zhou Wen pondered, he casually killed a tiny animal.

As expected, as long as he killed any animal, the Dao would naturally be destroyed, unsealing Mount Laojun. Zhou Wen was killed again.

.

Zhou Wen had also tried all sorts of Companion Beasts to protect himself, but they were useless. He couldn’t avoid the strange deaths with abilities like Evil Nullification.

What the hell is this? Zhou Wen now knew very well that he couldn’t use force after Mount Laojun’s seal was broken. He could only find the corresponding solution.

After dying so many times, Zhou Wen had some guesses.

Even if Mount Laojun has an Apocalypse-grade powerhouse, it’s impossible for him to be strong enough to instantly kill me. It can only be a special power. This power ignores the difference in level and strength and can directly kill the target. And this power will only be triggered after I kill a creature. Could this power be the ability to exchange a life for a life? As long as I kill a life, I will definitely die, Zhou Wen thought to himself.

With this in mind, Zhou Wen decided to give it another try. This time, he didn’t personally kill the creatures. Instead, he summoned Mystic Thearch and let him kill the True Immortal Crane.

Indeed, without Zhou Wen personally killing the True Immortal Crane, the game didn’t go black again despite Mount Laojun breaking its seal.

Success! Seeing Mystic Thearch suddenly die, Zhou Wen imagined that he had escaped a calamity, but he quickly felt depressed.

After Mystic Thearch died, the blood-colored avatar quickly died, just slightly later than the previous attempts.

What bullsh*t rules are these? They come one after another? Zhou Wen nearly threw his phone in anger.

Throwing the phone was definitely useless. Soon, Zhou Wen calmed down because he had another idea.