Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1813 Companion Beast That Makes The Master Jealous

After entering the game again, Zhou Wen summoned a large number of Companion Beasts—Imperial Lord Behemoth, Banana Fairy, Dr. Soul, and so on. He made them each be in charge of a creature on Mount Laojun.

Upon receiving Zhou Wen’s order, all the creatures on Mount Laojun were killed at the same time. Not a single one survived.

With so many Companion Beasts needing to be killed, they should be able to help me stall for time, Zhou Wen thought.

Fantasy was always beautiful, but reality was harsh. The Companion Beasts that killed the creatures on Mount Laojun were wiped out almost instantly. Zhou Wen, the instigator, was immediately punished as the game screen went black again.

Seriously!? Zhou Wen was somewhat depressed

However, he still had a backup plan. Now, there were only four Companion Beasts he hadn’t tried- Prisoner, Demonic Neonate, Truth Listener, and Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

Ever since Truth Listener evolved, it had been in the form with earrings and he had never summoned it in battle.

However, Truth Listener’s ability had always aided Zhou Wen. Since it couldn’t protect him, it was probably useless even if he summoned

it. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Prisoner was at the Apocalypse grade. He was Zhou Wen’s final trump card. It wouldn’t be too late to use him after giving everything a try.

As for Demonic Neonate, because she had been with him for too long, they had a deep relationship. Even in-game, he wasn’t willing to see her die again and again. He didn’t use her unnecessarily.

The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General had just advanced to Super Jinxes Master. Zhou Wen was afraid that he would trigger bad luck by using him. He didn’t usually use him.

......

Forget it. Let’s see how strong the matured Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General is. Zhou Wen summoned the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

When he charged up Mount Laojun again, Zhou Wen couldn’t be bothered to run in. He got the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General to attack the True Immortal Crane.

A black-purple armor covered his entire body and mount. The outer ring of black-purple flames rose and swayed with white edges of light. It looked both textured and fashionable. It exuded the aura of a peerless final boss.

How depressing. Such a crappy pet looks even cooler than me. Zhou Wen couldn’t figure out how this thing had gotten to where it was today.

Among the three unsolved mysteries of Companion Beasts, there was Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General. The other two unsolved mysteries were Demonic Neonate’s origins and Truth Listener’s appearance.

The True Immortal Crane flew over and the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General raised his spear and pointed it at the sky.

Bang!

The True Immortal Crane’s body was penetrated by the spear beam as it fell to the ground and died.

It doesn’t need to accumulate strength to be this strong now? Holy cr*p! Just as Zhou Wen was sighing, he saw the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s body light up.

As Mount Laojun was unsealed, blood-colored light enveloped the mountaintop. A strange flame burned in the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s body.

The black color gradually turned purple before turning from purple to a pale color. The flames became brighter and brighter as they seeped out from the gaps in the armor like electric patterns that coiled around his body.

How f*cking cool… Even Zhou Wen’s eyes turned red with envy.

However, to his delight, the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General wasn’t immediately killed.

In fact, not only was this fellow not killed, but the aura in his body became more and more terrifying. A moment later, his aura exceeded that of the Apocalypse-grade Prisoner.

Of course, Prisoner was trash among the Apocalypse grade. Surpassing him wasn’t too surprising

“Go; let’s see what’s different about Mount Laojun after its seal is broken.” Zhou Wen ordered the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General to lead the way and cross the bridge before heading into the yard.

The blood-red color enveloped Mount Laojun, dyeing everything red. Even the white rabbit that was eating grass in the yard was covered in blood.

The bunny’s originally red eyes were now so red that they looked like they could drip blood.

Bang!

Two sanguine beams shot out from Bunny’s eyes and shot straight at Zhou Wen like lasers. The strength fluctuations reached the Calamity grade.

Although Zhou Wen easily dispelled the sanguine light, it still gave him a fright.

The white rabbit was originally something trivial at the Mortal stage. After Mount Laojun’s seal was broken, this thing actually became a Calamity-grade creature. Wasn’t this leap too great?

Even a Mortal bunny had become a Calamity. It was unimaginable how terrifying the other creatures were.

Just as Zhou Wen was pondering over it, the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General had already rushed forward and finished off the bunny.

‘Killed Calamity-grade creature, Demonized Rabbit. Discovered dimensional crystal.’

The dimensional crystal was already useless to Zhou Wen. Without even taking a look, the human and pet continued walking forward.

Soon, they encountered some demonized creatures. All of them were at the Calamity grade. The Demonized Rabbit was only at the Human Realm, and there were subsequently Heaven-level creatures everywhere.

If an ordinary Calamity-grade human were here, even if they brought seventeen or eighteen Calamity Companion Beasts, they would probably die.

Thankfully, Zhou Wen wasn’t an ordinary Calamity grade. The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General became stronger the more he fought. It didn’t take much effort for Zhou Wen to kill all the demonized creatures he encountered.

Unfortunately, along the way, they didn’t discover any Apocalypse-grade creatures. The strongest was only a top Calamity-grade existence that could fight an existence at Mystic Thearch’s level.

Before Mount Laojun was sealed, only the True Immortal Crane and Azure Bull were at the Calamity grade. If there’s any Apocalypse after the seal is broken, it will probably be the True Immortal Crane and Azure Bull. The True Immortal Crane has already been killed. Now, it depends on whether the Azure Bull is at the Apocalypse grade. Zhou Wen directed the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General to head for the yard where the Azure Bull was.

Before entering the yard, he saw that the crooked tree in the yard had turned blood-red. Furthermore, the tree crown that was originally dotted sparsely with leaves was now filled with blood-red flowers.

From the outside, it looked like a blood-colored umbrella that covered most of the yard.

.

He immediately saw the Azure Bull when he walked into the yard, but he almost didn’t recognize it.

The Azure Bull had already turned blood-colored. Furthermore, its body was standing upright like a human. Its body had also transformed into a humanoid form. Apart from the bull’s head that hadn’t changed, the other parts of its body looked like a muscular man with bulging muscles. He was more than two meters tall.

This thing turned into the Bull Demon King? No matter how Zhou Wen looked at it, the Azure Bull looked like the legendary Bull Demon King

Before Zhou Wen could size it up, the demonized Azure Bull let out a strange cry at the sky. The sound waves surged over like an avalanche.

Caught off guard, Zhou Wen was instantly killed by the sound wave. The game screen went black.

Apocalypse grade… It’s definitely at the Apocalypse grade… Furthermore, it’s not the typical Apocalypse grade… Zhou Wen became excited.

Although he didn’t deliberately guard against it, the Human Realm domain had been constantly activated. Coupled with his defensive instincts, it was impossible for an ordinary Apocalypse to instantly kill him.

I finally have something. Zhou Wen excitedly dripped his blood to start the game again, but this time, he was more careful.

Since Azure Bull could reach the Apocalypse grade, so could the Calamity-grade True Immortal Crane. In that case, Mount Laojun had two Apocalypse-grade creatures to kill. Advancing to the Apocalypse grade was just around the corner.

Therefore, after entering the game again, Zhou Wen didn’t choose to kill the True Immortal Crane to trigger the unsealing. Instead, after escaping the True Immortal Crane, he randomly killed a small animal and triggered the unsealing.