Chapter 1814 Battling the Demon Bull

This time, Zhou Wen had some experience. When Mount Laojun’s seal was broken, he was already fully armed. Mystic Thearch and Prisoner were directly attached to him in a soul state. The Human Realm domain was also activated.

Indeed, after Mount Laojun’s seal was broken, the True Immortal Crane let out a long cry as something abnormal happened in the sanguine light.

It had the head of a bird and the body of a human. Its blood-red body transformed into feathered armor, turning it into a monster that was half-human, half-bird.

The aura on the True Immortal Crane’s body instantly rose like an erupting volcano. Just its incisive aura made it difficult to look at it directly.

In the next second, blood-feathered swords appeared around the half-human, half-bird monster transformed from the True Immortal Crane. They embroiled Zhou Wen and the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General like a storm.

With a thought from Zhou Wen, countless Sword Pills appeared and faced the blood-feathered swords that filled the sky.

Countless sword beams collided and exploded in midair. The shockwave produced by the explosion killed all the demonized animals around them.

Such strength was enough to destroy a continent, perhaps enough to destroy a planet, but strangely, this strength failed to destroy the buildings in Mount Laojun. The aftershocks were restricted to Mount Laojun.

Under the continuous impact of the blood feather swords, Zhou Wen retreated step by step. His strength ultimately hadn’t reached the Apocalypse grade and couldn’t compare to the True Immortal Crane that had advanced to the Apocalypse grade.

In the Human World!

Just as the blood feather swords were about to overwhelm Zhou Wen, he suddenly slashed out with his hand. A terrifying force slashed out from his palm like scissors, splitting the sword curtain formed by the blood feather swords into two as he continued slashing at the True Immortal Crane.

The True Immortal Crane’s figure flashed and instantly vanished, dodging Zhou Wen.

When it appeared again, it was already behind him.

Zhou Wen’s spatial instant transmission ability wasn’t inferior to anyone. His figure also vanished.

PLease reading on Myb ox no ve l. com

The human and crane quickly moved and fought on Mount Laojun. Ordinary people couldn’t see anything other than the shockwaves produced by the collision.

Bang!

After a loud bang, Zhou Wen retreated in flight. After landing on the ground, he propped himself up with one hand and slid back more than ten meters before stopping.

On the other side, the True Immortal Crane’s figure appeared and landed steadily on the ground.

The True Immortal Crane shrieked at the sky as a strange force instantly enveloped Mount Laojun. It had finally activated its New World power.

Zhou Wen immediately felt as though his body was restrained by some force, preventing him from moving.

However, it was only an instant. With the augmentation of the Human Realm domain and Prisoner, almost no taboo power could restrain Zhou Wen.

The True Immortal Crane imagined that Zhou Wen had been imprisoned by its New World powers and transformed into a stream of light that charged at Zhou Wen’s heart.

At the instant the True Immortal Crane arrived in front of him, Zhou Wen struck its head.

With a bang, its head smashed into the ground, blasting open a huge crater.

What followed was Zhou Wen’s barrage of attacks. Punch after punch, In the Human World’s power constantly erupted, slamming the bird’s head into the ground again and again. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Feathers flew everywhere as demonic blood spewed out.

The True Immortal Crane’s skull cracked bit by bit before it was shattered by Zhou Wen.

‘Killed Apocalypse-grade creature, True Demon Crane. Discovered dimensional crystal.’

A few dimensional crystals dropped, but there were no Companion Eggs or anything else. It left Zhou Wen somewhat depressed.

Thankfully, the True Demon Crane was at the Apocalypse grade. If he farmed it a few more times in the future, he would have Companion Eggs, Zone Cores, or something else.

New novels chapters are published ᴏn !

Up to now, Zhou Wen still hadn’t figured out what an Apocalypse-grade advancement item was.

After killing the True Demon Crane, Zhou Wen cleared Mount Laojun with the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul before heading to the yard where the Azure Bull was.

The scene was identical to the last time he saw it. The blood-red demonic tree and the half-human, half-ox demonic bull welcomed him with a terrifying sound wave attack the moment he entered.

With his previous experience, Zhou Wen defended with all his might and withstood the Demon Bull’s sound wave attack.

The flames in the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s body rose crazily. Without waiting for the Demon Bull’s sound wave to cease, it went against the flow and charged forward.

Bang!

The Demon Bull swung its fist and collided with the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s spear tip. It sent the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General and his horse flying back and slammed into the wall, causing it to collapse

In the Human World!

Zhou Wen slashed out with his palm as an invisible blade-like force tore through space and slashed at the Demon Bull’s face.

Bang!

A power that could injure Transcendent Immortal was shattered by the Demon Bull’s punch like glass.

What powerful strength. What a terrifying body. With such powerful creatures on Earth, why would we need to be afraid of the dimension’s invasions? Zhou Wen sighed inwardly, but on second thought, if these creatures really broke out, it was unknown if they would help humanity. Perhaps they would become a nightmare for humanity.

Using spatial instant transmission to fight the Demon Bull, the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General charged forward and held back the Demon Bull’s attacks.

Thankfully, although the Demon Bull’s body was very strong, it didn’t have the spatial abilities of the True Immortal Crane. It couldn’t injure Zhou Wen immediately, so it could only vent its anger on the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General was struck again and again before standing up. The shattered armor was also reborn in the flames and quickly returned to its original state.

Every time the armor was repaired, it made the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General stronger, but it was still no match for the Demon Bull.

Zhou Wen, who took the opportunity to launch sneak attacks, repeatedly slashed at the Demon Bull using In the Human World, but he failed to slice through its flesh. Its body was unimaginably resilient.

As though it was enraged by Zhou Wen and the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General, the Demon Bull grabbed the nose ring on its nose and yanked it with all its might. It tore off the nose ring and threw it out.

After the nose ring left its hand, it immediately vanished from Zhou Wen’s sight before the game screen went black again.

What was that? Zhou Wen was alarmed. If it were in reality, he wouldn’t even know how he died.

He didn’t immediately enter the game again. Zhou Wen searched for myths and legends regarding Azure Bull on the Internet.

In many myths and legends regarding Taishang Laojun, the Azure Bull was his mount. As for the nose ring, after Zhou Wen checked, he felt that it was very similar to Taishang Laojun’s Dharma treasure, Vajra Chakram.

Legend had it that when Taishang Laojun transformed into Buddha, he already had such a treasure with him. In Journey to the West, Sun Wukong, who even the Demon Slaying Sword couldn’t injure, was knocked unconscious by this thing.

After roughly figuring out the nose ring’s ability, he entered the game again.

Nothing useful dropped from killing the True Demon Crane.

After the Demon Bull used its nose ring, Zhou Wen instant transmitted to prevent himself from being hit by it.

The nose ring was definitely very powerful. It was as though it had a positioning device installed. No matter how Zhou Wen instant transmitted, the nose ring could catch up. As long as Zhou Wen’s instant transmission stopped, it would immediately crack his head.

This wasn’t a problem for Zhou Wen. He maintained instant transmission to fight the Demon Bull.

As he dodged the nose ring, he attacked the Demon Bull, hoping to find its weakness.

Before he could find its weakness, an anomaly happened again. The infuriated Demon Bull summoned its nose ring back.

It grabbed the nose ring with both hands and aimed it at Zhou Wen and the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

In the next second, Zhou Wen felt the world spin. For some reason, the game screen went black again.