Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1843: Sin of All Life

Translator: CKtalon

Ah Yong followed after him and immediately saw spatial distortions and terrifying light blasts everywhere in the void. It was as though countless colorful suns had blasted apart in the sky.

Strangely, the colorful suns that blasted apart slowly spread in all directions like paint on rice paper instead of exploding immediately.

The sky was dyed with rainbow colors that twisted and intertwined like a meaningless abstract painting.

Ah Yong was alarmed. Zhou Wen wasn’t disadvantaged in his fight against Karoman. He seemed to be many times stronger than she had imagined.

This fellow... is so strong... Ah Yong had always been convinced that she could easily defeat Zhou Wen, but from the looks of it, that wasn’t the case.

Even if it were her, it was impossible for her to fight Karoman to such an extent. At most, she could only protect herself.

With the augmentation of the Companion Beasts, Zhou Wen constantly battled Karoman. Although his strength couldn’t severely injure Karoman, the battle gave Zhou Wen new insights into the power of the Apocalypse grade.

The power of the New World wasn’t just suppressing others with power, but the power of creation.

In the New World, an Apocalypse-grade powerhouse was equivalent to a Creator. They could use the New World to create all sorts of rules. These rules were what made the New World truly powerful.

For example, if power was a stone, then one could use the power of the New World to temper this stone. It could turn stone into steel and even forge the steel into a sharp blade. The power of the sharp blade was naturally stronger than the stone and easier to control.

What if he didn’t create sharp blades, but guns or even nuclear weapons?

With the same foundation, the more creative one was, the stronger the power the New World could manifest. The difference would be tremendous.

The New World couldn’t create something out of nothing. It still needed to use one’s existing strength as the foundation to create stronger nomological powers.

In this aspect, Zhou Wen had the upper hand. Other creatures typically only had one foundational power, or at most two or three.

However, Zhou Wen had eight foundations to begin with. Together with the Lost Immortal Sutra, it could be said that his foundational powers far exceeded others.

Furthermore, he was being augmented by these soul-form Companion Beasts whose foundational powers he could use for his own.

Of course, Zhou Wen’s main strength came from these Companion Beasts. His strength hadn’t reached the level of the New World.

If Zhou Wen one day possessed the New World, even if he had just advanced to the Apocalypse grade, it wasn’t something an ordinary Apocalypse could compare with.

At the Apocalypse grade, it was no longer a competition of who had stronger foundational powers, but who was more creative.

However, the more Karoman fought Zhou Wen, the more alarmed he became. He had seen Zhou Wen fight Transcendent Immortal in the Cube’s battle. Back then, Zhou Wen wasn’t that strong—only his strength was rather strange.

Zhou Wen’s strength was no longer strange, but truly powerful. Furthermore, it was terrifyingly powerful.

He could use two New Worlds at the same time. Furthermore, he could create stronger rules under the foundation of the New World’s strength. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

As the battle continued, the rules Zhou Wen created became more and more terrifying, leaving Karoman alarmed.

With the foundation of the two New Worlds—All Life and the Dark Realm—and with Zhou Wen’s own strength as a supplement, Zhou Wen’s understanding became clearer and clearer. He finally created the first mature New World rule.

“Sin of All Life!” The six pairs of wings on Zhou Wen’s back spread out as he spread out his arms.

Instantly, the entire world seemed to open a door to Zhou Wen as infinite power surged towards his body.

Karoman was alarmed to discover that his strength was flowing towards Zhou Wen, becoming a part of him.

“What monster is this?” Karoman let out a strange cry as the horn on his head emitted a glow. It was like a sharp blade that slashed at Zhou Wen, who was absorbing the energy of all things.

Boom!

The energy Zhou Wen absorbed collided with the horn blade, producing a shockwave that spread tens of thousands of kilometers.

Thankfully, this was an empty dimensional space. Otherwise, the nearby planets would probably have been destroyed.

Pfft! Zhou Wen spat out a mouthful of blood as he looked down at the wound on his chest. The wound had sliced through his armor, leaving a bloody gash across his chest.

Meanwhile, Karoman wasn’t injured. He laughed smugly and said, “Kid, you’re lacking. How can you understand the rules of the New World that took me countless years and battles to comprehend?”

Just as Karoman was feeling smug, he saw the wounds on Zhou Wen’s body heal at a visible speed. In the blink of an eye, even his armor had healed.

“It’s indeed a good rule. What’s its name?” Zhou Wen asked with a smile.

“You don’t deserve to know it. This time, I’ll slice you into two. Let’s see how you can heal yourself...” Karoman’s horn lit up again.

Zhou Wen’s expression was indifferent as the Sin of All Life was activated again. Endless energy gathered towards Zhou Wen.

“Your New World’s rules are useless. The outcome will be the same even if you do it ten thousand times!” Karoman shouted wantonly as his horn activated the terrifying Heaven Slaying Blade again.

Zhou Wen didn’t retreat as he raised his hands to clasp the Heaven Slaying Blade. A black-and-white vortex formed between his hands.

The Heaven Slaying Blade slashed at the black-and-white vortex, but it was held back. It failed to continue slashing forward.

What shocked Karoman even more was the black-and-white vortex’s devouring of the Heaven Slaying Blade’s energy.

The energy of the black-and-white vortex intensified, but the energy of the Heaven Slaying Blade became weaker and weaker.

“How is this possible...” Karoman was horrified as he hurriedly retracted his New World rules.

However, once the power of the Heaven Slaying Blade vanished, the black-and-white vortex in Zhou Wen’s hand was sent towards Karoman.

Wherever the black-and-white vortex passed, all the energy was sucked in, causing the power of the black-and-white vortex to become stronger and stronger, as though the entire space was about to be swept in.

Karoman let out a tragic cry as he transformed into a white beam of light that tore through space and instantly vanished.

Zhou Wen extended his hand and beckoned. The black-and-white vortex immediately dissipated like the wind.

Karoman... He actually chose to escape after getting a beating... Ah Yong looked up at Zhou Wen in a daze.

Karoman was an existence that could once compete with top dimensional powerhouses for the title of dimensional king. Yet, he had been forced to flee by Zhou Wen. It was unbelievable.

Ah Yong felt that no one would believe her even if she told her Sand Sea companions what she had seen.

“Let’s go to Destiny Platform. You should be able to find the way, right?” Zhou Wen landed beside Ah Yong and said with a smile.

“I... think so...” Ah Yong suddenly became a little reserved.