Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1854: A Human

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen and Karoman looked into the room and immediately perked up. There was a creature sitting in there.

He sat with his back facing the door. In front of him was a table. From the back, he resembled a human. He was wearing denim clothes and a headset.

No matter how they looked at his attire, he looked like a youth who had yet to step into society, or a technical expert who was good at computers.

But how could there be such a young man on this ship? Zhou Wen found it unbelievable. Who could board this ship? They were all mythical figures like God, Shiva, and Gaia.

Is a skilled expert comparable to those mighty figures? Zhou Wen found it ridiculous.

Perhaps he was the same as Ah Lai—a passerby who had accidentally boarded the ship. He wasn’t one of those existences.

He subconsciously used the Human Realm domain to scan the person and immediately realized that it was only a corpse. Although it remained sitting and its clothes were still intact, its flesh had long withered, leaving only bones.

On the table in front of the youth was a laptop. He held the mouse in one hand and had his other hand resting on the keyboard.

It was unknown how many years had passed since he had died, but the youth continued maintaining this posture.

Is this really a human gamer? Zhou Wen sized up the corpse in surprise.

Zhou Wen originally imagined that this was another person like Ah Lai, but on second thought, he felt that something was amiss.

When did the Great Flood myths happen? When did the huge ship descend? Were there computers back then?

Ignoring the laptop, even the denim clothes on the corpse were impossible back then!

Could it be that this person only boarded the ship in the past few centuries? That’s not right. The ship had long vanished. When did he board? Zhou Wen was puzzled as he looked at the laptop.

He carefully moved the laptop from under the corpse’s hand and tried to switch it on, but there was no reaction. It was unknown if it was broken or out of battery.

Zhou Wen guessed that it was definitely out of power. Whether it was damaged or not was unknown.

Thankfully, he had many daily necessities with him. He found a set of high-capacity batteries used for traveling. Thankfully, the laptop’s plug was compatible. He plugged it in to see if it could be charged. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

While charging, he sized up the other things in the room.

The room gave a vibrant feeling. There was a blanket on the bed, a down pillow, and even a poster of a beauty by the bed.

Zhou Wen carefully looked at the beauty on the poster. She had a round face, and she wore a white miniskirt and boots. Her long legs were fair and slender. She looked very eye-catching.

He didn’t know her. Zhou Wen had never seen this female celebrity before, nor did he know what era she was from.

In fact, Zhou Wen might not even know a female celebrity of his era.

Unfortunately, there was no Internet in such a godforsaken place. Otherwise, he could search online to see what era the female celebrity on the poster was from. This way, he could know what era this corpse was from.

He took out his phone and took a few photos of the poster. He planned on investigating after he left. Perhaps he could find some clues.

Apart from the things on the bed and some daily necessities, Zhou Wen also discovered a suitcase. When he opened it, other than some clothes, there were also some magazines of girls dressed in revealing clothes.

Zhou Wen hurriedly picked up the magazine. It wasn’t that he wanted to look at the beauties. If there was a date on the magazine, he should be able to tell the time from it.

However, he soon realized that the magazine was weird. He could understand the pictures. They were all sexy beauties that were a feast for the eyes, but he didn’t recognize any of the words on it. Even the numbers and symbols were completely different from what he knew.

What language is this? Why are the numbers and symbols different from those used by the world? Zhou Wen found it increasingly odd.

Zhou Wen had no choice but to put away the magazines before flipping through the suitcase. There was nothing worth noticing inside.

Zhou Wen looked at the corpse again and said to it, “Bro, I don’t mean to be disrespectful to you, nor do I covet your wealth. I just want to find something that can determine your identity. If possible, I can take you home.”

With that said, Zhou Wen rummaged through the pockets on his clothes.

In the shirt pocket, Zhou Wen found a wallet. Apart from that, he didn’t find anything else.

When he opened the wallet, there was no money inside. There wasn’t even a coin, nor was there a bank card or identification card. There was only a photo of the beauty on the poster.

From the looks of it, this brother is obsessed with that female celebrity. He didn’t put anything in his wallet but a photo of that female celebrity. Zhou Wen took out the photo and looked at it before casually flipping it over to look at the back.

Then, he saw a strange symbol written on the back of the photo. He didn’t know what it meant.

Zhou Wen suddenly thought of something and looked at the laptop. Indeed, he saw similar symbols on the keyboard.

Don’t tell me this is a passcode? Zhou Wen searched the notebook for a while and found the suspected switch.

I hope it can be turned on! After pressing the switch, Zhou Wen chanted inwardly.

Soon, the computer screen lit up and he was immediately overjoyed.

“What’s this?” Beside him, Karoman sized up the laptop curiously.

“Laptop.” When Zhou Wen answered, a horizontal bar appeared on the computer screen with an unknown symbol behind it.

Although he couldn’t read, he could guess that a passcode was needed.

Zhou Wen flipped the photo over and matched the symbols on the photo, searching for the corresponding symbol on the keyboard.

This keyboard was somewhat different from the keyboard layout Zhou Wen was familiar with, but it was similar enough.

After typing the characters, Zhou Wen didn’t know if the button in the usual spot was the enter key, nor did he dare press it. He used the mouse to click on the arrow after the text box.

After hearing some beautiful chime, there was finally an image on the computer. It was a picture of the female celebrity.

There were many icons on the desktop that were different from the ones Zhou Wen was familiar with. He couldn’t understand the words beneath the icons.

He could only click on it randomly. Thankfully, the usage was the same. He could open an icon by double clicking.

Many of the functions of the icons were unknown after opening them.

Thankfully, after some fumbling, he already knew which icon represented folders and which icon represented documents or pictures.

After a series of clicks, he found many folders containing pictures. After clicking on them, he was dumbfounded before immediately closing them.

“You humans look pretty good with your buttocks bare. Why do you guys wear those troublesome clothes?” Karoman also saw the pictures and curled its lips.

Zhou Wen ignored it and found the folder where documents were stored. He opened a few and saw that they were all words and symbols that he couldn’t understand.

Just as he was about to give up, he suddenly saw a document with a few design sketches.

The sketch immediately made his pupils contract as he revealed a look of disbelief.

Thank you for reading on