Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1865 Opening the Path to Destiny

The woman was somewhat surprised to see that the Hell Gatekeeper Dog would rather suffer serious injuries to protect a human like Zhou Wen. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

When did these minions of the Devil King become kind ones who love humans? The woman was somewhat puzzled.

Regardless of the reason, this gave her an opportunity.

Although the uniform on her body was magical, it needed to be recharged. If this continued, it was unknown how long the energy could last. This was energy that she had recharged after sleeping in the charging chamber for an unknown length of time.

Now that the charging chamber had been destroyed, it would be even more troublesome to recharge it.

The nine Devil pets were extremely terrifying existences. The woman relied on her uniform to suppress them, but it wasn’t that simple to kill them.

Now that she had discovered such an opportunity, she naturally couldn’t miss it.

Her goal wasn’t to kill Zhou Wen, but to use this human to throw the Devil pets into disarray.

The Devil pets were all smart fellows. Although the woman seemed to have the advantage, they were actually draining the energy of the woman’s uniform.

The woman originally imagined that when she charged at Zhou Wen, those fellows would definitely risk their lives to save him, but that wasn’t the case. The lack of help from the Devil pets made her realize that something was amiss.

Immortal Slaughtering Ancient Subordinate and the other Devil pets sneered. How could they not tell what the woman was thinking?

However, from their point of view, the woman was daydreaming.

The reason Hell Gatekeeper Dog had risked being injured to help Zhou Wen was that his body was still imprisoned. He had no way of dealing with his situation.

Now that Zhou Wen had escaped, how could it be easy to injure him?

Just as the blade beam in the woman’s hand was about to slash at Zhou Wen, Zhou Wen’s figure suddenly vanished. When he appeared again, he was already behind Immortal Slaughtering Ancient Subordinate.

“Everyone, our relationship can only be considered an internal conflict. Why don’t we cooperate and finish off the outsiders first? What do you think?” Zhou Wen had already determined that the woman was an extremely dangerous existence. She was even more dangerous than the nine Devil pets.

The nine Devil pets were very strong, but their strength was still within Zhou Wen’s range of knowledge. As for the woman herself, she wasn’t strong, but what she wore exceeded Zhou Wen’s understanding.

Furthermore, this woman had attacked him without any reason. It was obvious how heartless she was. If she were to escape and return to Earth, who knew what she would do.

In comparison, Zhou Wen was more willing to let the nine Devil pets live. After he advanced to the Apocalypse grade, the nine Devil pets wouldn’t be an insurmountable problem.

“That’s right. Kill her first before dealing with the problem between us. Everything can be discussed,” Immortal Slaughtering Ancient Subordinate said with a nod.

The other Devil pets nodded in agreement. They didn’t have the energy to deal with Zhou Wen for now.

As the nine Devil pets spoke, they charged forward again and worked in a team to trap the woman.

Zhou Wen could clearly see that they weren’t really going all out. They were only probing the weakness of the uniform.

If they didn’t finish off the uniform, they wouldn’t be able to kill the woman no matter what. Instead, they would be left in a sorry state by the woman.

Zhou Wen cooperated with them by using Sin of All Life, and although they had never worked in a team before, top experts had very similar ideas. Even though this was the first time they were working in a team, it was as though they had already done so countless times.

Zhou Wen saw an opportunity. The Sin of All Life struck the woman’s uniform, and the powerful force bounced back, nearly injuring Zhou Wen himself.

What the hell is this? It’s just a uniform, but it’s already so strong. What kind of world does she belong to? Zhou Wen was increasingly intrigued by that world.

The woman was surprised to discover that the strength of Zhou Wen, a human, had already reached the Apocalypse grade. Furthermore, his realm had caught up to the Apocalypse grade, unlike her who relied on the combat suit.

This left her very surprised as she thought to herself, Have the humans on Earth already evolved to such a level while I was sleeping to recharge my combat suit? I wonder how my daughter is now? She should have been born, right?

In the woman’s opinion, if an ordinary human had already evolved to such a level. As the child of Earth, her daughter should be stronger than this human.

Although I wasn’t able to help her plunder the source of the Child of Dimension, Earth’s uniqueness should be able to allow my daughter to have enough starting capital. Even if she returns home, she should be able to lead a good life. The more the woman thought about it, the more gratified she felt. However, on second thought, her face was filled with bitterness. I stole from that person. Even if I return, there’s no place for me. I’m afraid I won’t be able to take her home for the rest of my life.

The woman didn’t regret doing this. If she hadn’t done so, her daughter would have long ceased to exist.

Since I can’t return, I’ll become the owner of this world. Let my daughter live here like a princess. The woman’s eyes became even more determined as she looked at the nine Devil pets and Zhou Wen with an increasingly cold expression.

Zhou Wen retreated to the back and was observing the woman’s uniform when he suddenly felt that something was amiss.

The nine Devil pets were also smart fellows. They also realized that something was amiss. As they struck out with terrifying strength, they quickly retreated.

White streams of light lit up from the woman’s white uniform. They condensed into a body of light that formed a sphere formed by overlapping halos.

As the halos spun rapidly, they connected with the other halos. Soon, the entire sphere turned into a hole of light as it moved at high speeds.

Everything around her was sucked towards the light hole.

The huge crystal was sucked into the light hole and was instantly minced into nothingness. The light hole mercilessly devoured everything.

The nine Devil pets and Zhou Wen resisted with all their might, but they were still unable to stop their bodies from moving towards the light hole.

Zhou Wen hurriedly used his Human Realm domain when he saw that the power of the Apocalypse Devil pets couldn’t hinder the suction force produced by the light hole.

He never expected the Calamity-grade Human Realm domain to be more useful than the Apocalypse-grade New World powers. He immediately stopped.

The nine Devil pets weren’t that lucky. Their bodies were slowly pulled towards the light hole. No matter how hard they struggled, they couldn’t escape. They could only slow down a little.

The full-powered strikes they bombarded at the light hole were also devoured by it. It was futile.

Zhou Wen could tell that the power of the light hole didn’t belong to this world. Only the power of the Lost Immortal Sutra could resist it.

“Human, we’ll open the path to Destiny for you. Quickly escape.” Immortal Slaughtering Ancient Subordinate shouted and gave up resisting the suction force of the light hole. He gathered all his strength and slashed at the void.

The other eight Devil pets didn’t communicate, but they made the same decision almost at the same time.

The nine powers-Seven Sins Phoenix’s sinflames, Nine Tribulations Devil Seed’s power of the demonic tribulation, Hell Gatekeeper Dog’s power to wipe out all life, Defy Bone Spirit’s power of the defying spirit, Devilish Trichilio Eater’s evil eating power, Six-path Devil Heart’s mental demon powers, Star Devourer’s devouring power, and Skyfiend Consort’s Skyfiend power-gathered into one, transforming into a pillar of light that pierced through the void and penetrated the bottom of the Dimensional Airspace.

A huge rift appeared in the void. Through the rift, Zhou Wen vaguely saw the stone steps.

Thank you for reading on