Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 211 Sun God Power Crystal

Zhou Wen was alarmed. As for Dugu Chuan and the others, they were overjoyed. They increased the forces in their hands as all colors of light beams shot towards Zhou Wen.

Pros was already prepared, ready to cast the Myriad Thunder Sky Dungeon at any time to prevent Zhou Wen from escaping through the sky.

Dugu Chuan summoned a strange shield to block Zhou Wen’s sharp Bamboo Blade.

Xia Bing also summoned three Companion Beasts, preparing to restrain Zhou Wen’s Three-Eyed Golden Warrior and Mutated Demonized General.

The others also showcased their full range of abilities, hoping to take down Zhou Wen on the spot, leaving him no room to resist.

However, before Zhou Wen could draw his saber, the chick on his shoulder suddenly spat out resplendent light from its mouth. Golden flames spewed out like a flood, instantly turning the square outside Sun God Temple into an inferno.

Immediately, tragic screams sounded out as everyone was left dumbfounded. They had prepared meticulously for this for so long, having thought of several strategies to use against him. Yet, before those strategies could be used, all of them were burnt to a crisp by the chick on Zhou Wen’s shoulder.

At once, there were endless cries of agony. Many people were screaming as they rolled on the ground, trying to extinguish the flames on them. Some even took off their clothes while running.

Without any hesitation, Zhou Wen drew his saber and charged in. Without throwing any caution to the wind, he mercilessly stabbed their dantians.

Most people had their Primordial Energy sea in their dantians. So with Zhou Wen’s stab, they were practically crippled.

The few who didn’t have Primordial Energy seas at their dantian weren’t any better when they were impaled by Zhou Wen in their abdomens. They writhed on the ground, screaming endlessly.

Zhou Wen tried finding Xia Bing in the chaos, but she was nowhere to be seen. Even Dugu Chuan had disappeared. As for Pros, he had attempted to escape amidst the chaos but was still slashed at by Zhou Wen.

Pros, feeling alarmed and furious, summoned his Companion Beast to block Zhou Wen. He still had full intention of escaping, having no illusions that he could put up a fight.

The chick’s flames had frightened him out of his wits. There were many Legendary Companion Beasts that could spew fire, but to be able to instantly turn an entire square into a sea of flames was something that he had never seen before.

What was even scarier was that those golden flames were clearly not ordinary flames. They could even burn through defensive battle auras. It was appalling.

However, Pros wasn’t as fast as Zhou Wen no matter how fast he fled. Zhou Wen split his Companion Beast into two and slashed his saber at him.

In this perilous situation, Pros turned around and summoned a gigantic ax to meet Zhou Wen’s Bamboo Blade. However, the gigantic ax was cleaved apart upon contact.

In his shock, he didn’t dare fight anymore and retreated as fast as he could.

With a flash, Zhou Wen pierced through Pros’s dantian, causing him to fall to the ground in pain.

Zhou Wen withdrew his saber but didn’t look at him. He brandished his saber and stormed through the crowd. Bamboo Blade sliced through everything it met, be they Primordial Gold weapons or Companion Beast weapons. It was terrifyingly sharp.

To have a single person chase after dozens of people, with the pursuees being members of the six hero family would probably deal a shock to the League if they saw this scene

Fortunately, other than the members of the six families, there were only a few descendants of powerful figures from all over the world. Not many were there to watch.

There was only one spot for all the big shots in the world, unlike the juniors of the six hero families. As long as they were young and strong enough, they could enter the Holy Land.

After they entered, they headed straight for the Holy Land that they had set their sights on. No one wasted time wandering around.

Originally, Xia Bing and company believed that other than Zhou Wen, it was unlikely that descendants of other big shots would choose the Sun God Temple. Therefore, it was unlikely for anyone to see this.

However, to their dismay, this scene was witnessed by someone who had even recorded it.

The incident of An Tianzuo crippling the six hero families has been repeated. That guy is so strong, the person praised as he recorded.

However, he was rather careful. He only hid in the shadows and didn’t expose himself while recording, afraid that the six families would discover him.

By the time the battle ended, the people on the square were all lying on the ground, clutching their abdomens and screaming.

The spider web which bound Li Xuan had been burnt through by the golden flames, protecting him as a result. After escaping, Li Xuan joined the battle without any hesitation. However, he wasn’t beating people, but plundering those who collapsed. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Zhou Wen couldn’t help but feel regretful that he hadn’t found Xia Bing. He wanted to know what the calabash in her hand was.

After plundering the area with Li Xuan, the two of them left, leaving behind the children from the six family clans screaming in pain.

When they arrived in an uninhabited cave, Zhou Wen and Li Xuan sat down to divide the loot. After all, they didn’t know what breed the Companion Eggs were. Each person got half the pile, allowing Zhou Wen to obtain twenty-six Companion Eggs. They definitely wouldn’t be cheap considering who had purchased them.

Zhou Wen planned on finding a time to use his mysterious phone to check the attributes of the Companion Eggs before choosing to hatch or fuse them.

The worst ones were, of course, a present for the Banana Fairy.

As Zhou Wen was making his plans, the chick flew down from his shoulder and pecked at a Companion Egg. It lowered its head and sucked all the essence in it.

Since the chick had just helped tremendously, eating two Companion Eggs wasn’t a big deal. In a rare instance, Zhou Wen generously gave it another Companion Egg. But to his surprise, it didn’t show any appreciation. It didn’t even look at it as though it was completely uninterested.

“You’re rather picky with food. Even the better if you aren’t eating it.” Zhou Wen put away the Companion Eggs and ignored the chick.

Compared to a Companion Egg, he was more interested in the sun seed. He wanted to know what it was.

Previously, he had been in a hurry to come out and had taken in the sun seed into his mysterious phone, so he hadn’t had a chance to look at it again. He took out his cell phone to take a look and, seeing that the sun seed was still in the blood-colored avatar’s hand, he heaved a sigh of relief.

Using his phone to check the sun seed’s attributes, he was slightly taken aback.

Sun God Power Crystal: A product of the Sun God’s blood essence. Absorbing it will improve one’s body.

A choice to absorb or not appeared on the game screen. Zhou Wen didn’t sense any rejection from the Sigh of the King, so he chose to absorb it.

The Sun God Power Crystal immediately transformed into a golden beam that fused into the blood-colored avatar’s body. This made Zhou Wen also feel a burning sensation surge into his body, causing his body to heat up.

When everything returned to normal, Zhou Wen saw that the blood-colored avatar’s Strength stat had already changed to 21. And behind 21, there was also the word (Sun).

What does that mean? Zhou Wen was somewhat puzzled.