Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 220 A Person That Fights As Though In A Game

Zhou Wen used the seven stances of the Seven Distribution Palm one by one. They were disjointed with completely different styles. Zhou Wen’s continuous usage made it difficult for his opponent to adapt to such changes in style.

However, Lance acted as though he didn’t feel anything. He blocked and parried all of Zhou Wen’s seven strikes. Furthermore, apart from the first palm, the Ashen Palm’s forces that were secretly included in the Seven Distribution Palm, none of them were able to injure Lance.

When the mild concealed force touched Lance’s palm, it immediately dissipated, unable to enter his body.

After striking seven times, Zhou Wen immediately retracted his hands and said to Lance, “I only know these seven strikes. Since all seven of them were countered by you, I have no choice but to admit defeat.”

“It’s fine if you want to admit defeat, but you have to satisfy me first.” Lance didn’t care what Zhou Wen said as he charged forward and struck out with a Wind Lightning Fist.

The Wind Lightning Fist was a relatively common fist-type Primordial Energy Skill in the district where Lance lived in. The punch contained the power of wind and lightning. There was no need for any powerful technique as it used brute strength to subdue the enemy.

Zhou Wen also knew that it was impossible for Lance to let him off so easily. When he saw Lance deliver the punch, he used the Dragon Gate Fairy Skill and circled around him.

After Zhou Wen learned the Transcendent Flying Immortal, the Dragon Gate Fairy Skill hadn’t been replaced. Clearly, the former wasn’t a Primordial Energy Skill. There was still a difference between the two.

Zhou Wen really only knew the seven palm strikes and had no time to learn other techniques.

Upon seeing Zhou Wen dodge, Liz sneered. “Zhou Wen is finished. In front of Lance, retreating is equivalent to losing.”

It wasn’t just Liz. Everyone who had sparred with Lance, including Xia Bing and Dugu Chuan, knew how scary it was to let Lance take the initiative to attack. No one could remain undefeated under his relentless attacks.

Dugu Chuan’s movement techniques were considered top-notch among his peers, but he managed fewer than twenty of Lance’s strikes.

With just two punches, Zhou Wen could sense the pressure that Lance was exerting on him. His attacks were unique, something that Zhou Wen had never seen before.

Although a fist combo was common as a combat technique, when it came to actual combat, the fist combo was actually of not much use. Unless one could hit the opponent with the first punch and leave the opponent open for more attacks, the subsequent chaining of the fist combos wouldn’t be possible.

However, if the first punch was enough to hit the target, then one should strive to take down one’s opponent with that one punch. What was the point with the remaining punches?

Therefore, the fist combo was just a supplementary measure. What was really effective was the first punch that hit the opponent. How could one connect the first punch? This was the answer everyone wanted to know.

However, Lance’s fist combo was different. He was like a character in a fighting game. His moves were connected without any gaps, giving Zhou Wen no chance to counterattack. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

It even made Zhou Wen have the illusion that if he revealed any flaws and allowed him to connect the first strike, then the subsequent attacks from Lance would be like a raging storm that would directly KO him without giving him any chance to react.

The Dragon Gate Fairy Skill had been pushed to the extreme by Zhou Wen as he constantly dodged. His arms and legs were also fending off the attacks from Lance. Every clash of their limbs made Zhou Wen feel a terrifying force surge at him, causing his bones to protest in pain.

What looked like ordinary punches and kicks produced an effect that resembled an extremely explosive Primordial Energy Skill. It left Zhou Wen very surprised.

Soon, he realized that Lance’s seemingly ordinary punches and kicks were everything but ordinary. It was really some kind of Primordial Energy Art that greatly augmented him in his Strength and in all other aspects.

Every action of Lance’s was supported by different Primordial Energy Skills. This was the first time Zhou Wen had seen someone fight like that.

Zhou Wen had only practiced Primordial Energy Skills with his fists and palms, he had never trained his other parts. All he could do was use the Lotus Flower Buddha Body to protect himself. However, the defensive strength of the Lotus Flower Buddha Body wasn’t enough for Zhou Wen to fight Lance head-on. Every clash of their bodies made Zhou Wen feel like his bones were about to break apart. All he could do was dodge with his movement techniques.

However, there was no way to completely dodge Lance’s crazy attack. Just a dozen punches placed Zhou Wen at an absolute disadvantage.

When Dugu Chuan saw this, he laughed. “Do you want to use your movement technique to dodge the attacks of Lance and hope for him to expend all his Primordial Energy? You’re too naive. This strategy might work on others, but against a person like Lance, it’s useless. That was what I thought back then, but I ended up being pummeled.”

Xia Bing said faintly, “Back then, in order to act as a character in a combat game, Lance had specially learned a Primordial Energy Art that allows rapid Primordial Energy recovery. Furthermore, in order to reduce the Primordial Energy expenditure, he had found dozens of the most basic Primordial Energy Skill Crystals. Those Primordial Energy Skills themselves used up very little Primordial Energy to begin with. After he learned them, he raised dozens of Mortal stage Primordial Energy Skills from Rank 1 all the way to Legendary Rank 10. Not only are they extremely powerful, but they also consume very little Primordial Energy. Lance completed something so unthinkable to the average person in just four months.”

“If I had the talent of Lance, I could be as willful as him. I could also abandon my hero physique and not learn the family’s Primordial Energy Art. I could also play games all day like him,” John said through gritted teeth.

Although he was known as a saint at Covenant College, he knew very well that he was far inferior to the fellow who gamed all day in school. No matter how hard he worked, he was not even qualified to be his opponent.

Bam!

When the fists collided, Zhou Wen felt a surge of power penetrate his body. It ran up his arm, making his organs feel like they had suffered a heavy blow. He couldn’t help but take a few steps back.

Lance could actually use concealed forces, but they were just not as strong as Zhou Wen’s Ashen Palm.

The look in Zhou Wen’s eyes gradually turned serious. He had never encountered such an opponent before. Among his peers, no one had ever given him such pressure.

Although An Jing had defeated him with one strike back then, that was an absolute difference in Speed and Strength due to their difference in level. That kind of battle had nothing to do with Zhou Wen’s abilities. Furthermore, Zhou Wen had never learned any combat techniques back then.

This time, it was different. In terms of physical strength at the same level, Zhou Wen felt immense pressure. This was something he had never experienced before.

Jiang Yan is right. Lance is much more terrifying than John. Zhou Wen’s heart gradually burned with passion. Although he knew that beating Lance was not beneficial to him, he still wanted to win; he didn’t want to lose.

After all, Zhou Wen was a seventeen-year-old. He was unable to completely control his young and competitive heart, especially when facing a peer like Lance.

However, Zhou Wen had spent too much time practicing his Primordial Energy Art in the past. He had an excessively low starting point and had spent his golden years cultivating Ascetic Meditation which ended up being useless. Eventually, it was replaced by the Lost Immortal Sutra.

After that, he continued gaming and grinding instance dungeons. His level and physique had been enhanced, and he had obtained quite a number of Primordial Energy Skills. Fighting ordinary people with these was enough, but against someone like Lance, he was still greatly lacking.