Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 244 Movement Technique

Zhou Wen hurriedly called back, wanting to meet Ouyang Lan and tell her about the name card and number. However, it wasn’t convenient to call her over the phone. It could be troublesome if the call was monitored.

However, when Zhou Wen called, he heard the notification that the person he had just called had switched off their phone.

He thought for a moment before calling An Sheng. Thankfully, An Sheng’s call went through successfully.

“An Sheng, I called Sis Lan just now. Why is her phone switched off?” Zhou Wen asked.

“Madam has already set off. She left in a hurry, so she didn’t take any detours. She’s flying straight to Zhuolu County. On the way, she will pass through many areas with abnormal magnetic fields. It’ll probably be very difficult to contact her on her phone,” An Sheng said.

What happened? Why did Sis Lan leave in such a hurry? Zhou Wen frowned slightly.

“We aren’t sure of the actual situation. All we know now is that one of the people who went to the dimensional zone for research with Mr. Ouyang has returned. He said that some accidents happened in the dimensional zones. They were separated from Mr. Ouyang, and many of them died. Only he escaped alive. Later, they sent a few more groups of people in, but the outcome was terriblemany people died. Madam was really worried, so she went alone. Overseer couldn’t stop her, so he rushed people over. You don’t have to be worried.”

“An Sheng, can you take me along? I also want to go to Zhuolu,” Zhou Wen asked after some thought.

There weren’t many people in this world who didn’t ask for anything in return. The former principal was one of them. Although Zhou Wen was a rather cold and aloof person, he wished to do something for the former principal.

Zhou Wen knew that he was lacking, so it was useless entering the dimensional zone. However, he had the mysterious phone. If he could find the tiny palm symbol there, he could explore the dimensional zone in the game’s instance dungeon and learn of the dangers ahead of time. It might be of help to the former principal.

“That ancient battlefield is extremely terrifying. Previously, those who entered with the principal were all experts at the Epic stage. Even so, only one of them survived. It’s useless for the average person to go. Don’t worry, we will do our best to save Old Mr Ouyang,” An Sheng said.

“I don’t feel at ease staying here either. I wish to wait at Zhuolu so that I can immediately learn the latest news about the former principal and Sis Lan,” Zhou Wen said.

An Sheng hesitated for a moment before saying, “The first group of people has already set off for Zhuolur. I’m afraid we won’t be able to catch up. Wait another two days first. The people that Overseer has hired will arrive then. When the time comes, you can follow them.”

“Alright.” Zhou Wen had no other choice but to agree.

This world is changing too quickly, but my growth in strength is just too slow. Zhou Wen recently had an increasing feeling that his improvement was too slow.

However, he didn’t realize that typical college students who advanced to the Legendary stage before they graduated from university were considered fast growers. He had already advanced to the Legendary stage in his first year of university, so he was indeed a little too impatient at wanting to advance to the Epic stage.

Even with a background like the six families, with virtually unlimited resources supporting them, it would be difficult for students to advance to the Epic stage in just a few years.

I wish to slowly advance too, but this world isn’t waiting for anyone. Zhou Wen sighed inwardly.

He went to the Golden Flying Ant once again. This time, Zhou Wen used Ghost Bride, hoping to use her ability to be immune to physical attacks. He wanted to see if she could pass through the white cocoon to see what was inside them.

When he arrived, Ghost Bride was actually able to ignore the Golden Flying Ant’s attack. This delighted Zhou Wen greatly, but just as she was about to pass through the white cocoon, she was repelled by the cocoon.

Is it still impossible? Zhou Wen was somewhat disappointed. All he could do was continue grinding Overlord Snakes, hoping that he could get one with Overlord Spear as soon as possible.

“Zhou Wen, can you do me a favor?” Hui Haifeng suddenly asked while he was studying at Wang Mingyuan’s place.

“What is it?” Zhou Wen asked in surprise.

“Can you practice movement techniques with me? In the past, I’ve been too focused on strength and techniques, but I neglected my movement techniques. When we went to kill the spider, Ziya and you showed me the importance of movement techniques. I want to practice them, but it’s not an ordinary technique. I developed a technique that’s most suitable for me, so I need someone to help me,” Hui Haifeng said.

“I can do it in the next two days. However, I might have something to attend to in two days and have to leave the school,” Zhou Wen said.

“It should be done in two days. I don’t have any clue, so I need to find a direction in actual combat. It shouldn’t take too long,” Hui Haifeng said.

“Alright, let’s begin now,” Zhou Wen agreed.

When he got to the training field with Hui Haifeng, Hui Haifeng had Zhou Wen attack him with all his might, but all he did was block or dodge.

Hui Haifeng was rather well-rounded. He was a person with a relatively balanced development, but in terms of movement techniques, he was weaker than Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen pushed Dragon Gate Fairy Skill to its limits and constantly attacked Hui Haifeng.

Hui Haifeng seemed to have learned a few movement techniques that constantly swapped. Yet, he was still constantly struck by Zhou Wen. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, Hui Haifeng had improved very quickly. After familiarizing himself with Zhou Wen’s movement techniques, the number of times he was hit began to decrease.

The progress was extremely smooth, but after reaching a certain level, Hui Haifeng could no longer dodge Zhou Wen’s attacks. No matter how hard he tried, there was no progress.

“The pressure on me isn’t enough. Faster,” Hui Haifeng said.

“Alright.” Zhou Wen switched to Godfiend Era and used his levitation ability to push his Dragon Gate Fairy Skill to an even higher level. He flew across the sky and attacked Hui Haifeng from all directions, making it even harder for Hui Haifeng to dodge. The number of times he was hit increased.

Hui Haifeng gritted his teeth as he constantly changed his movement techniques. The number of palm imprints on his body increased, but he had no intention of giving up. He continued to persist, hoping to find a path that was most suitable for him to break through while under heavy pressure.

It’s useless... It’s still useless... My speed isn’t as fast as Zhou Wen’s... Nor do I have such powerful aerial combat capabilities as Zhou Wen... What can I do? Hui Haifeng didn’t feel vexed over his flaws. Instead, he was searching for a chance to resolve the problem with his own abilities.

Under Zhou Wen’s relentless assault, Hui Haifeng gradually found a path that belonged to him.

Suddenly, Hui Haifeng seemed to come to a realization. His movement technique changed drastically, one completely different from the movement technique he had used earlier. It was quite a bizarre change.

Rather than saying that it was a movement technique, it was more accurate to say that it was a variation in the footwork in a fist technique. Hui Haifeng’s movements were very tiny, but such tiny movements were very fast like an explosive impulse.

This kind of movement couldn’t be maintained at high speeds, but the continuous impulse movement caused Hui Haifeng’s trajectory to become unpredictable.