Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 255 Three Flying Sabers

Everyone’s faces changed.

It was fine if the Legendary Flaming Elephant was sucked dry by the vines, but the Snow Fox was an Epic creature. The frost mist it spewed out could freeze an Epic creature.

Ignoring the fact that the vines weren’t affected, it could even spew out frost snow mist. Furthermore, the frost snow mist it spewed out was even greater in quantity than the amount Snow Fox had spat out. This was quite frightening.

The woman frowned slightly, causing the Snow Fox to spit out another mouthful of frost. It mixed with the white mist that spewed out of the bells before both sides dispersed simultaneously. Neither side had the upper hand.

The woman wanted to continue but heard Lord Alcohol say, “Director Lu, don’t be in a hurry to make a move. Let me take a look first.”

Lu Ning nodded slightly. She unsummoned the Snow Fox and retreated to the side.

The muscular man looked at him and asked, “Lord Alcohol, do you know what it is?”

Everyone looked at Lord Alcohol. They, too, wanted to know what the vines were. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Lord Alcohol sized up the vines and said, “I’ve seen a similar vine in Changbai Mountain before. It wasn’t growing bells, but three flying sabers. Back then, the people I went with wanted to cut the vines, but they were killed by the saber flashes. Many ideas were proposed until the flying sabers were plucked from the vines.”

At this point, Lord Alcohol paused as he swept his gaze across everyone’s faces before continuing, “To everyone’s surprise, the flying sabers were a fascinating Companion Beast. Whoever plucked the flying sabers would be automatically recognized as their masters and belong to them. Back then, three people were delighted to obtain the flying sabers. The flying sabers were extremely powerful, and they were considered top-notch at the Epic stage. And it was true they were extraordinary. From what I’m seeing, these vines are somewhat similar to the one at Changbai Mountain. But it’s not completely the same. Perhaps they share some similarities.”

When everyone heard what Lord Alcohol said, their desire for the bell heated up-it was evident from their eyes.

They had already seen the might of the bell. If they could obtain one as their Companion Beast, it would undoubtedly be a powerful aid.

“Lord Alcohol, how did you pluck the flying sabers back then?” the muscular man, Zhao Xin, hurriedly asked.

Lord Alcohol recalled and said, “Back then, that vine was the same as this one. It was invulnerable and had the saber flashes of the flying sabers protecting it. It was really tricky.”

Everyone looked at Lord Alcohol, hoping that he could quickly tell them the solution, so that they could try it on the bells.

However, Lord Alcohol shook his head and said, “I don’t know how they managed to pluck the flying sabers in the end.”

“Lord Alcohol, are you kidding us? Weren’t you at the scene? How could you not know?” Zhao Xin said in disbelief.

Lord Alcohol gave a bitter smile and said, “I was indeed present at that time and saw how they plucked the flying sabers. However, despite watching with my own eyes, I still can’t fathom how they did it.”

“What? Who were the people who plucked the flying sabers?” Lu Ning was curious and couldn’t help but ask.

Zhou Wen was also very curious. The places he had visited were limited and his knowledge was limited. To be able to hear such a secret would probably aid him in the future.

Lord Alcohol said, “You must all have heard the names of the three people who plucked the flying sabers. Even if you haven’t met them, you definitely know them. One of them is called Jing Daoxian.”

“That devil, Jing Daoxian?” Everyone trembled when they heard that.

Jing Daoxian’s name had made the League tremble for decades. Few people who knew of his deeds were unafraid of him.

Lord Alcohol continued, “I really have no idea how Jing Daoxian managed to pluck the flying sabers. When the others approached the vines, they were slain by the saber flash. However, Jing Daoxian actually walked in front of the vines and reached out to pluck one of the flying sabers. The flying sabers didn’t react at all. I opened my eyes wide and watched him pluck them, but to this day, I have no idea how he managed to do it.”

Although what Lord Alcohol said sounded like a fantasy, no one found it amiss. It was as though no matter how bizarre it was, it was not surprising when it involved Jing Daoxian.

“Lord Alcohol, who were the other two people who plucked the flying sabers?” An Sheng seemed interested as he looked at Lord Alcohol and asked.

“The other two people were Zhang Daotian and Wan Yiqi.” When Lord Alcohol said these two names, everyone except Zhou Wen gaped.

“Impossible... How could the strongest of the six heroes, Zhang Daotian, and his wife, Wan Yiqi, be together with that devil, Jing Daoxian? Aren’t they arch-enemies? Why would they go to Changbai Mountain together and pluck the flying sabers together?” Zhao Xin immediately voiced the puzzlement in his heart. This was also a question on everyone else’s minds.

Only then did Zhou Wen recall that the strongest of the six heroes was Zhang Daotian. In closed circles, people even gave him the title of Hero King. However, the Zhang family didn’t send anyone to participate in the battle at the Holy Land. It wasn’t because they had declined, but because the Zhang family didn’t believe in vying for such qualifications.

The discussion forum that Zhou Wen had posted his strategy was under the Zhang family. The other five families found it difficult to obtain information about the Zhang family. Even most of the League’s currency system was in the hands of the Zhang family. Although the Zhang family didn’t have military power, its influence on the Senate and the League could be said to be the strongest among the six families.

Zhou Wen had also heard some of Zhang Daotian’s stories. Basically, it was known to all in the League.

Back then, Jing Daoxian had stormed into the League government office and slaughtered countless League experts. He was almost unstoppable. In the end, Zhang Daoxian had defeated him. Only then did Jing Daoxian escape with injuries, failing to wipe out the upper echelons.

“Back then, they were still young. Jing Daoxian wasn’t yet the legendary devil. Zhang Daotian wasn’t a Hero King and Wan Yiqi hadn’t married Zhang Daotian either,” said Lord Alcohol with a smile.

“I see. Then how did Zhang Daotian and Wan Yiqi pluck the flying sabers?” Lu Ning asked curiously.

Lord Alcohol chuckled. “Zhang Daotian and Jing Daoxian both walked over and plucked the flying sabers. They didn’t suffer any attacks from the flying sabers. As for Wan Yiqi, you might not believe her method of plucking the flying saber.”

“Don’t tell me she bit it off with her mouth?” Zhao Xin joked.

Lord Alcohol glanced at Zhao Xin and said indifferently, “If you were to let Jing Daoxian hear that, you would probably be dead.”

Zhao Xin’s heart chilled as he forced a smile. “Even if there’s any anger, it should be from Zhang Daotian. It has nothing to do with Jing Daoxian, right?”

Lord Alcohol ignored Zhao Xin and continued, “Wan Yiqi had the title of a Beauty across the Seven Continents. She was definitely the most beautiful back then. Even the flying sabers were mesmerized by her. Before she even reached the flying saber, it automatically dropped and fell into her hands.”

Everyone found it unbelievable when they heard that. They felt that Lord Alcohol was bullsh*tting. No matter how beautiful a woman was, it was impossible for her to affect dimensional creatures. Furthermore, it was a flying saber, so how could it understand the aesthetic preferences of humans?