Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 259 First Battle With An Ancient Creature

Zhou Wen hurriedly scanned the tiny palm symbol. He finally relaxed when the phone showed that it was downloading.

I hope I’m not too late. Zhou Wen looked at the blood rain that covered the opposite side of the river like a fog. He wondered how the former principal, Ouyang Lan, and An Sheng were doing.

Just as Zhou Wen scanned the tiny palm symbol on the stone monument, a shadow suddenly appeared behind it—a huge blood frog. It spat out a mouthful of bloody liquid at Zhou Wen.

Lu Yunxian rushed to Zhou Wen’s side and grabbed his shoulder with one hand, throwing him to the back. At the same time, he raised a shield with his other hand to block the bloody liquid.

The metal shield was corroded, leaving pockmarks. It had nearly melted through.

Lu Yunxian held a saber in his other hand and slashed with a blade beam, splitting the blood frog into two.

“Young Master Wen, can we return now?” Lu Yunxian turned to Zhou Wen and asked.

“Alright.” Zhou Wen stood up and patted the dust off his body.

He then followed Lu Yunxian back to the garrison. The game had finished downloading. On the cell phone’s home screen, there was an icon of a Boundary Stone. On it was the word, Zhuolu.

He clicked and entered the Zhuolu instance dungeon and soon, the blood-colored avatar appeared on the ancient battlefield that was covered in blood rain. However, before Zhou Wen could control it, he saw the blood-colored avatar charge out maniacally and fall into the river of blood. Then, the screen went black.

Zhou Wen felt a little depressed. He had died the moment he spawned. This was clearly not a good sign.

How do I defend against the blood rain? Zhou Wen lowered his head in thought. In reality, he could use custom raincoats. Not only were they waterproof, but they had pretty good defensive capabilities.

However, there were no raincoats in-game. All Zhou Wen could do was attempt to wear the soft armor manifested by the Three-Eyed Golden Warrior and the armor from the Gold-Armored Beast. However, neither of them could completely cover his body, so it was unknown if it would work.

The results proved that it was useless. As long as his skin was stained with the bloody rain-even a drop of it-he would lose control of his blood-colored avatar as it ran like it had rabies, eventually dying tragically in the blood rain.

Zhou Wen attempted to activate the Lotus Flower Buddha Body to see if he could withstand the corrosive effects of the blood rain. Only by doing so did he survive in the ancient battlefield.

However, the Lotus Flower Buddha Body constantly expended his Primordial Energy. Zhou Wen had to switch his Primordial Energy Art to a Dao Body to sustain the continuous expenditure of the Lotus Flower Buddha Body.

As he proceeded through the blood storm, his vision was seriously hampered. The visibility was reduced to less than three meters, but thankfully, Zhou Wen had the Truth Listener earring. It allowed him to possess senses similar to radar.

Trudging through the muddy land, Zhou Wen proceeded towards the location indicated by the military map. The place he was heading to was the ruins that the former principal and the others had researched. It was also where they had vanished. It was definitely the place where Ouyang Lan and An Sheng were headed for.

After a short walk, Zhou Wen heard a figure walking towards him.

It was a creature that looked like a human. Its hair reached to the ground and covered its face. Its limbs were long and slender, and its entire body was drenched in blood. Its movements were very strange, like a zombie.

Zhou Wen didn’t dare lower his guard. He summoned the Saber Shield Knight and Demonized General and got them to charge forward first. No matter what it was, it was a creature inside the ancient battlefield. It was definitely not to be underestimated.

However, the Saber Shield Knight and Demonized General were unable to withstand the blood rain’s poison. They lost control of themselves and began killing each other.

Does the blood rain have the same effect on a Companion Beast? Zhou Wen’s mood worsened. Without being able to use a Companion Beast and having to constantly activate Lotus Flower Buddha Body to expend his Primordial Energy, this greatly reduced his combat strength.

Crack!

The strange creature suddenly moved at an incredible speed in the rain. Instantly, it appeared in front of the crazy Demonized General. It grabbed his head with both hands and twisted it off. Then, it casually threw the head to the ground and ripped off the Saber Shield Knight’s head. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

This is indeed not a place for people. Zhou Wen could tell from his opponent’s speed that it was definitely an existence at the Epic stage.

He had encountered an Epic creature the moment he entered the ancient battlefield. It was even more terrifying than Zhou Wen imagined

Initially, he thought that even if it was the battlefield found in myths, there should be some lesser soldiers and generals. It was impossible for them to all be high-level creatures. But now, it seemed as if his wishes had been too ideal.

Zhou Wen decided to summon all his Companion Beasts to see if they could withstand the blood rain, so as to gauge how much combat strength he had left.

Ghost Bride was unafraid of the blood rain as she floated beside Zhou Wen.

The Mutated Overlord Snake in the Overlord Spear form wasn’t affected either. It could be used in the blood rain.

The Three-Eyed Golden Warrior and the Golden-Armored Beasts were unaffected in their companion form. However, the Silver-Winged Sky Spider was unable to withstand the power of the blood rain, as it went into a frenzy.

The Mutated Lotus Flower Ant was fine and even Doctor Darkness wasn’t affected. Truth Listener and the Yin-Yang Purple Air Bell could also be used.

The number of pets that Zhou Wen could use in the blood rain was much better than he had expected.

As he watched the monster charge at him, Zhou Wen tightened his grip on the Overlord Spear. At the instant the monster reached him, he used Ghost Steps and circled behind the monster. Augmented by Ever-Victorious, the Overlord Spear pierced through the monster’s back.

Ever-Victorious was indeed useful. The tip of the spear pierced straight through the monster’s body and stabbed into its back and out of its chest.

Zhou Wen was delighted, but he suddenly saw the monster’s body explode like a water ball, splattering black liquid all over the blood-colored avatar.

The black liquid quickly flowed through the blood rain, as if it had a life of its own. It gathered together again, distorting into the monster’s appearance.

What is this fellow? Zhou Wen was secretly alarmed. Just as he was about to launch another attack, he saw the screen turn black. The blood-colored avatar had died again.

Zhou Wen couldn’t help but frown. After some thought, he understood how the blood-colored avatar had died.

It must be because the black liquid came into contact with my body. From the looks of it, that monster has a toxicity that’s stronger than the bloody liquid. Zhou Wen was at a loss.

Although he knew that the monster possessed such power, he still couldn’t find a way to resolve it.

The monsters appeared to be water-elemental, so Overlord Spear’s attack with Ever-Victorious didn’t have much effect on it. Furthermore, he possessed a powerful corruptive ability, one that Lotus Flower Buddha Body was unable to withstand. An Epic stage dimensional creature was just too strong. Before Zhou Wen advanced to the Epic stage, he would always find it difficult to fight any Epic creature.

I have to find a way to counter it. Zhou Wen knew very well that experience was the best teacher. He entered the game once again and continued to seek out the monster’s weakness in battle.