Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 261 Fight Poison With Poison

When Zhou Wen stabbed the monster, it burst into a mass of black liquid once again. Zhou Wen hurriedly summoned his pet to block it. With most of his other pets killed in action, Zhou Wen summoned the weak Doctor Darkness to block the black liquid.

Zhou Wen originally imagined that Doctor Darkness would be killed instantly, but to his surprise, Doctor Darkness’s body turned black due to the virus but didn’t immediately die.

Doctor Darkness used a certain technique and a syringe appeared in one hand. He aimed the syringe at his arm and stabbed it in.

Zhou Wen only saw the liquid in the syringe being pushed into his body before he lost the luxury of time to look further. The monster had taken form and attacked again.

After dealing with him for a while, Zhou Wen was gradually left at the disadvantage. At that moment, he realized that the Doctor Darkness had rushed over to help him in combat. The scalpel in his hand shimmered with a thin blade beam. Although it was useless, it left Zhou Wen somewhat astonished. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Even the Three-Eyed Golden Warrior and the Golden-Armored Beast couldn’t withstand the terrifying poison after they made contact with the black liquid. Even if they turned into armor, they would still be corroded.

Doctor Darkness’s body wasn’t as strong as the Golden Warrior and Gold-Armored Beast; yet, he still survived after making contact with the black liquid. Furthermore, after a short period of time, he became energetic and lively. It was as if he had never been injured.

Zhou Wen wasn’t a match for the monster, so he was quickly forced to block the black liquid that splattered out from the monster’s body. This time, Zhou Wen summoned Doctor Darkness to help him block it. To his surprise, Doctor Darkness became even stronger this time. His body was stained with the black liquid, only to turn black from contact and then quickly recover their rosy colors.

Apart from the corrosion of his flesh, he didn’t suffer any damage from the virus.

This left Zhou Wen very surprised. Although the black liquid on the monster’s body was highly corrosive, it wasn’t lethal enough. Zhou Wen still had a way to deal with it.

However, the virus in the black liquid was something Zhou Wen was unable to defend against. He was basically killed by the virus every time.

Yet, Doctor Darkness was immune to it and seemed to have adequate resistance against the corrosive forces of the black liquid.

As Zhou Wen was so surprised, that moment of distraction allowed one drop of the monster’s black liquid to splatter onto him.

Black gas immediately arose from the blood-colored avatar’s body as it rapidly expanded. Zhou Wen knew something was amiss as he suddenly recalled the scene of Doctor Darkness stabbing himself with a syringe. He immediately thought of something

“Doctor Darkness, use Fight Poison With Poison.” Zhou Wen gave the order. Without any hesitation, Doctor Darkness carried out Zhou Wen’s order. A syringe appeared in his hand and stabbed the blood-colored avatar’s body, injecting the poison into the blood-colored avatar’s body.

Zhou Wen immediately felt a spasming pain spread throughout his body, but the pain slowed the spreading speed of the monster’s virus, preventing him from dying as quickly as before.

It actually works! Zhou Wen was only giving it a try, he never expected it to be that effective. Although the pain was intense, he didn’t die.

However, the poison could only temporarily withstand the virus and prevent the virus from spreading within his body. It had not been eliminated.

From the looks of it, Doctor Darkness isn’t afraid of the virus solely because of Fight Poison With Poison. It has a lot to do with his own physique and Life Providence. Zhou Wen persisted for a while longer before being sprayed by the black liquid once again. The virus in his body exceeded the poison that Doctor Darkness had injected into him, and the virus began to spread again.

Zhou Wen hurriedly got Doctor Darkness to inject him with more poison using Fight Poison With Poison.

After injecting two batches of poison, the virus in Zhou Wen’s body was stabilized again. However, the poison that Doctor Darkness had injected was extremely stimulating for his body. It made Zhou Wen feel pain as if he was being pricked by needles and he nearly stumbled to the ground.

The blood-colored avatar was ultimately killed. It was not that the monster had ripped off his head, but that he had made contact with some more of the black liquid. After injecting the poison again, the blood-colored avatar could no longer take it physically.

From the looks of it, Fight Poison With Poison cannot be used constantly. After injecting more than a certain amount of poison, it will cause tremendous damage to the body. Zhou Wen was somewhat disappointed as he originally imagined that he had found a way to deal with the monster. From the looks of it, it was only temporary.

On the other hand, Doctor Darkness’s resistance to the virus was getting higher and higher. He could actually ignore the virus of the blood rain and the monster.

Unfortunately, he was still at the Legendary stage and had few combat skills. The monster could easily rip its head off. Otherwise, with his abilities, he would have perfectly countered such monsters.

Doctor Darkness was an Epic in the first place. It was only because Zhou Wen had insufficient Primordial Energy in his incubation that he had fallen to the Legendary stage. When he evolved into a mature body, he might be able to restrain that monster.

Although he had such thoughts, Zhou Wen knew that it was impossible for Doctor Darkness to evolve into his mature form in such a short period of time.

The abilities of Doctor Darkness allowed Zhou Wen to gain the ability to circle around the monster a little more. However, Fight Poison With Poison was just too painful. His organs felt like they were being pricked by needles, something ordinary people would find difficult to tolerate.

After injecting the poison a few times, Zhou Wen discovered something strange. Doctor Darkness’s Fight Poison With Poison seemed to have more resistant traits against the virus.

In the beginning, Zhou Wen had needed an injection after making contact with one or two drops of black liquid. However, after a few times, Zhou Wen discovered that Doctor Darkness needed very little poison to put the virus at bay. Furthermore, its restraining effects were improving.

He’s growing? The virus here has made Doctor Darkness rapidly grow? Zhou Wen immediately understood what was happening.

When Zhou Wen realized this, he consciously allowed Doctor Darkness to come into contact with even more poison. The blood rain which was everywhere and the black liquid on the monster’s body were all candidates to be his nutrients.

As the poison that Doctor Darkness came into contact with increased, his resistance towards the virus increased. Apart from his physical traits being inferior to the monster, he eventually became immune to the monster’s virus.

Furthermore, his usage of Fight Poison With Poison became more and more effective. As a result, one injection from Doctor Darkness after the blood-colored avatar made contact with a few drops of black liquid ended up being an overdose, causing the blood-colored avatar to be poisoned to death.

Zhou Wen once again came in front of the monster. When Doctor Darkness helped him block the black liquid, the system suddenly produced a notification: ‘Doctor Darkness has reached the growth requirement and evolved into a mature body.’

Following the system’s notification, a strange change occurred to Doctor Darkness’s body. White streams of light emitted from his body. The white doctor robe flared up with the streams of light as a terrifying aura erupted from him.