Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 262 Returning to the Epic Stage

Light arose from Doctor Darkness’s body, forming a shadow projection of a doctor over his head. It was none other than the Dr. Soul Life Soul which Zhou Wen had seen before.

Seeing the monster charge at him again, Doctor Darkness raised the scalpel in his hand while Dr. Soul moved as well. He held the scalpel formed from light and stabbed it into the monster.

The monster’s originally running body seemed to be nailed to the ground as it stopped moving. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Zhou Wen was delighted. He knew that Doctor Darkness had returned to the Epic stage. He finally had a powerful fighter who could be used.

Bam!

However, the monster’s body turned into black liquid and exploded. Dr. Soul pinning him down with the scalpel shadow had instantly lost its effect.

However, the black liquid of the monster was useless against Doctor Darkness. It once again condensed into a monster and in an instant, it was behind Doctor Darkness. It wanted to twist Doctor Darkness’s head off with its advantage of speed.

But now, Doctor Darkness had evolved to the Epic stage and he could keep up. With a slight flash of his body, he managed to dodge its hands. At the same time, the scalpel in his left hand flashed rapidly, slicing across the monster’s body continuously.

In the blink of an eye, the scalpel diced the monster’s body into several pieces.

However, the monster’s body was not affected at all. It quickly merged into one and pounced towards Doctor Darkness once again.

Zhou Wen became a bystander in the battle between the two Epic creatures. Taking this opportunity, he glanced at the information of Doctor Darkness after his evolution.

Doctor Darkness: Epic

Life Providence: Golden Left Hand

Life Soul: Dr. Soul

Strength: 27

Speed: 40

Constitution: 29

Primordial Energy: 39

Talent Skill: Scalpel, Fight Poison With Poison, Light of Penetration

Companion Form: Soul

It was somewhat different from the original Epic Doctor Darkness’s attributes. The four basic stats had increased, but they were still mainly concentrated on Speed and Primordial Energy. This was not much of a change.

The biggest transformation was his companion form. Doctor Darkness didn’t have a companion form previously, but he did now. Zhou Wen didn’t quite understand what a soul companion form was.

While Zhou Wen was thinking about this, he suddenly saw a strange light shoot out from Doctor Darkness’s eyes. Dr. Soul’s eyes lit up as well. With that, four beams shone on the monster’s body, overlapping each other like a spotlight, illuminating the monster’s body.

The beam of light didn’t have any lethality. Zhou Wen knew that it was likely the Light of Penetration skill of Doctor Darkness, but he didn’t know how effective it was.

In the next second, Doctor Darkness moved. He held the scalpel in his left hand and disappeared like a magic trick. He was incredibly fast as he moved the scalpel with almost indiscernible trajectories.

The monster that flew towards him was stabbed in the waist.

This time, the monster didn’t explode into black liquid. Zhou Wen thought he heard something shatter inside its body. In the next second, the monster took a few steps back and exploded, turning into a pool of black liquid. However, this time, he wasn’t reborn again. Instead, he slowly merged into the mud, leaving only a crystal behind.

A notification popped up in the game: ‘Killed Epic creature, Wangliang. Discovered Dimensional Crystal.’

However, Zhou Wen couldn’t help but be taken aback when he saw the crystal’s name clearly. The dimensional crystal was different from what he had seen before.

The small black crystal’s size wasn’t obvious in-game. He estimated it to be about the size of a quail egg, but its name was a little odd.

Poison Crystal: 7

Zhou Wen got the blood-colored avatar to pick up the virus crystal, and the game system immediately asked if he wanted to absorb it.

Zhou Wen chose to absorb it and soon, a strange force fused into his body. Then, he looked at the blood-colored avatar’s attributes and realized that its stats had changed from four different types to five. The new attribute was Poison, and its value was seven.

Zhou Wen didn’t know much about Epic matters, he didn’t know what the Poison stat was for either.

However, he soon discovered that he had obtained quite a lot of benefits after obtaining a seven-valued Poison stat. This was because he could directly withstand the blood rain and not be reduced to a lunatic by the poison.

From the looks of it, the Poison stat gives me quite a good viral immunity. However, I still need to further test how strong this resistance is. Zhou Wen was in a good mood as he continued walking forward with Doctor Darkness.

He had already wasted too much time here. He had to rush to the ruins as soon as possible.

After walking for more than half a kilometer, a monster appeared in front of him. Zhou Wen originally imagined that it was a Wangliang, but upon careful inspection, something was amiss.

The monster that appeared wasn’t a Wangliang, but rather, a very strange creature. The creature’s head looked like a wyrm with no horns on its head. Its body was like a lion’s, its tail like a crocodile’s. Its body was also covered in crocodile-like skin.

Zhou Wen’s heart stirred. The one I killed previously was a Wangliang. Could this be the Chi from ChiMeiWangliang?

It was common to use the term ChiMeiWangliang to describe monsters of the mountains and rivers in the East District. Even if one didn’t recognize the word, most people in the East District could guess that this phrase was used to describe all kinds of bad people. And with these four words all having the “ghost” radical in their characters, it meant a kind of ghost or monster.

Based on what Zhou Wen knew, the term “ChiMeiWangliang” represented three types of monsters. Wangliang referred to the ghost of plagues according to legend. There were also tales that he was one of the legendary Five Emperors of ancient times—Zhuan Xu’s third son that had drowned to death.

Although it was a tale and couldn’t be taken seriously, since a Wangliang had appeared, such a strange creature in front of him might just be the Chi of ChiMeiWangliang

This was because the legendary Mei, or succubus, was a ghost found in mountains and forests. It was a wood spirit that didn’t match the monster’s image in front of him. On the other hand, it was a beast-like ghost. There were also tales that it was one of the nine sons of the dragon. It did resemble the monster in front of him.

However, these were tales. They might not be the same as the dimensional creature in front of him.

Seeing the monster rushing over, Zhou Wen ordered Doctor Darkness to charge forward. Dr. Soul also condensed a scalpel made of light as he stabbed the glimmering weapon at the monster.

“Roar!” The monster let out a roar as black flames burst out from its body, transforming it into a Life Soul that was in the form of a black dragon. Without waiting for Dr. Soul to react, it swallowed him in one bite.

“Ah!” Doctor Darkness cried out in pain. A powerhouse’s pain of having a Life Soul devoured was an excruciating pain that was akin to having his heart dug out.

While Doctor Darkness was in pain, the monster pounced on him and swallowed him.

Zhou Wen controlled the blood-colored avatar and circled to the back of the monster with Ghost Steps, stabbing its soft waist with his Overlord Spear.

However, before Overlord Spear could stab into the monster’s waist, the black dragon-resembling Life Soul spewed out black smoke at the blood-colored avatar. This resembled a volcanic eruption as it enveloped the blood-colored avatar’s body.