Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 263 Battlefield Ruins

Without a word, Zhou Wen summoned his Yin-Yang Purple Air Bell and aimed it at the black smoke.

The black smoke seemed to be sucked away as it surged into the Yin-Yang Purple Air Bell. In the blink of an eye, it was sucked clean.

The monster seemed somewhat puzzled as it stared at the Yin-Yang Purple Air Bell with its strange eyes. Zhou Wen held the bell and shook it at the monster.

Black smoke immediately gushed out from the bell, enveloping the monster’s body. When the black smoke touched its scales, it immediately seeped in. The monster’s eyes rolled back as it collapsed to the ground.

Holy sh*t, is this black smoke that powerful? It even poisoned the monster to death? Zhou Wen was alarmed but upon closer inspection, he realized that the monster hadn’t died. It had only fallen asleep.

The monster had fallen asleep and its Life Soul seemed to lose control. It floated above its head motionlessly.

How could Zhou Wen miss such a good opportunity? He charged forward with the Overlord Spear in hand and stabbed the monster in the abdomen.

Ever-Victorious showed its effects as the tip of the spear stabbed into the monster’s abdomen. A hole was torn open in the monster’s abdomen and black blood immediately flowed out.

It was unknown what the black smoke’s strength was, but after having such a huge hole stabbed through, the monster didn’t react at all despite bleeding excessively. It continued sleeping soundly, leaving Zhou Wen astonished.

Zhou Wen naturally wasn’t going to be merciful with it. He stabbed it again and again, stabbing at it for a total of 18 times before the monster was finally dead. The black dragon-like Life Soul also shattered.

A notification popped up in-game: ‘Killed the Epic creature, Chi. Discovered Dimensional Crystal.’

Zhou Wen saw that the dimensional crystal that dropped was a Strength Crystal with 32 points. Although its value was very high to him, Zhou Wen’s limit was at 21. It was useless no matter how good it was.

After absorbing the 32-valued Strength Crystal, Zhou Wen felt that he was brimming with strength. His earlier fatigue was wiped clean, but his Strength stat didn’t increase. It remained at 21 points.

Since the Wangliang and Chi have appeared, there should be a Mei. I wonder what kind of creature the Mei is. Zhou Wen was filled with curiosity.

However, he was not that bored to the point of deliberately searching for the Mei. He headed for the ruins through the blood rain before he encountered another Wangliang.

With a Dark Doctor to restrain it, it was rather easy to kill it. However, it didn’t drop any Poison Crystals and only dropped an ordinary Speed crystal. It was useless for Zhou Wen now.

As he charged towards the ruins, he encountered several Wangliang and Chi. However, he didn’t see the Mei, nor did anything useful drop.

After battling the entire night, Zhou Wen finally arrived at the spot where the map marked the ruins.

He wasn’t in a rush to get the blood-colored avatar to walk over when he saw the broken stone pillars and the stone walls that stood in the middle of the blood rain not far away. Instead, he took the information An Sheng had handed out before leaving and carefully read it again. According to the information, the League had sent a few more groups of people to the ruins to find Ouyang Ting and the others.

However, when they entered the ruins, they died for no explicable reason. Even Epic experts were no exception. Until now, they had not found the reason.

It was also because of this that they felt that the former principal and the others were already dead inside. Hence, they didn’t send any more search and rescue teams. Help came only when the An family received the news.

Zhou Wen observed the ruins from afar, hoping to find any clues no matter how minute. However, there were ancient symbols on them that he couldn’t decipher. No matter how he looked at them, he couldn’t tell anything

I’ll still have to risk my life to scout the way. Zhou Wen summoned Doctor Darkness and Ghost Bride. Together with Three-Eyed Golden Warrior and Gold-Armored Beast, they entered the ruins as the blood-colored avatar remained outside.

Golden Warrior and Gold-Armored Beast were pets with powerful bodies, while Ghost Bride had the body of a ghost. Doctor Darkness was an Epic pet, so Zhou Wen wanted to see who would die among them. Through this, he could determine how terrifying the powers were inside.

The four pets carefully walked into the ruins and slowly explored.

After walking for a short distance, a cracking sound was heard as the Golden Warrior’s head flew up from his neck as he died instantly.

Just like what was written in the information. Dying from a beheading. Zhou Wen frowned slightly. Although he had read it very carefully, he didn’t see any creatures appear. Nor did he notice any power fluctuations. It was as though an invisible executioner had cleaved off the Golden Warrior’s head.

Crack!

As Zhou Wen was pondering over the matter, Doctor Darkness’s head fell to the ground and he died on the spot. He didn’t put up any resistance just because he was an Epic creature. His death was equally clean.

Zhou Wen still couldn’t see what was in the ruin. He couldn’t even tell how Doctor Darkness died.

Not long later, Gold-Armored Beast suffered the same fate. Similarly, it had no chance to react. It died quickly, and in less than thirty minutes, Zhou Wen’s three Companion Beasts, including the Epic Doctor Darkness, had been killed silently. Only Ghost Bride remained floating forward.

Ghost Bride continued forward for a while, but her head wasn’t chopped off. This delighted Zhou Wen. It looks like that power is ineffective against ghosts. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Zhou Wen didn’t dare enter, but with Ghost Bride around, she could scout the path for him.

Zhou Wen didn’t hesitate any further as he sped her up. He began his carpet search of the ruins, hoping to discover something.

Perhaps it was because the power in the ruins was too terrifying that even ChiMeiWangliang didn’t appear. There was only a dead silence. Apart from the blood rain outside, all that was left were those decrepit ancient buildings.

Zhou Wen controlled Ghost Bride to get her to search for clues in all sorts of rundown buildings.

This was a game, so he definitely couldn’t find the former principal and company here. However, it was impossible for them to vanish into thin air. They must have gone somewhere. All Zhou Wen wanted to do was find the place.

At the encampment, the soldiers guarding the door suddenly saw someone in front of them rushing over like madmen. They hurriedly raised their rifles.

“Halt. Don’t move any further, or else we’ll shoot.” A soldier hurriedly warned when he saw that the person was charging over.

However, that person didn’t stop and continued running like a madman.

Just as the soldier was about to deliver a warning shot, he suddenly realized that the person was wearing the same military uniform as them. However, because he was covered in blood, most of the parts of his military uniform had turned dark red.

“It’s Liu Chengzhi... Didn’t he follow Madam Lan to the ancient battlefield? Why is he running back alone? Where’s Madam Lan and the rest?” One of the soldiers took a closer look and instantly recognized who that person was. He was shocked and quickly went forward to welcome him.

Liu Chengzhi, who was covered in blood, pounced over when he saw the two of them. The two soldiers quickly held him up.

“Quick... Quick, tell Adjutant An... Madam is in danger... Save her immediately... If there’s any delay, it’ll be too late...” Liu Chengzhi said anxiously as he coughed out blood.