Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 270 The Strange Chi

Zhou Wen felt his heart wince in pain. Although the Three-Eyed Golden Warrior was only a Legendary pet, it was extremely rare. Furthermore, it was a tank. Zhou Wen had always used it to scout in-game, so with him dead, it was impossible for him to revive like in-game.

Zhou Wen’s tattoo that represented the Three-Eyed Golden Warrior also vanished. It made Zhou Wen realize that this wasn’t a game, and he only had one life. If he died, that was it.

Lu Yunxian let out a roar and struck out with an explosive flaming fist. The terrifying flames charged towards the Stone Chi like a ferocious tiger.

A light beam shot out from the Stone Chi’s eyes once again and collided with the flaming tiger. A violent explosion occurred in the air and the flaming tiger and light beam dissipated together.

Flames burst out from Lu Yunxian’s body, as though a flaming general had possessed him. He continuously released flames with his fists, each punch like a ferocious tiger pounce as they rushed towards the Stone Chi.

Although the light beam the Stone Chi shot out was powerful, the speed at which it shot was relatively slow. The time gap between shots was a little long, so it was unable to withstand the numerous flaming tiger punches.

Seeing that more than ten flaming tigers were about to hit it, it roared and the gray gas over its body condensed into a grayish-white stone dragon.

The stone dragon opened its mouth and took a deep breath before swallowing the flaming tigers. It didn’t even make a sound, as though its stomach was a bottomless abyss.

Although the power of the stone dragon Life Soul was terrifying, Zhou Wen had already seen it in-game. He wasn’t surprised, but instead glad to see something he knew.

At the very least, this strange Stone Chi still retained some of its powers and characteristics. It was not completely different.

Zhou Wen didn’t have any intention of helping Lu Yunxian in the battle against the Stone Chi. Instead, all he did was watch from the side.

After all, he was only at the Legendary stage. Before he figured out the Stone Chi’s strengths and weaknesses, even if he went up to help, it would not be of much use. It might even affect Lu Yunxian’s performance.

Sometimes, appropriate observation could be more efficient than direct combat. Zhou Wen waited patiently by the side for an opportunity.

Lu Yunxian was indeed the commander of a battalion. His flaming powers were extremely tempestuous. Other than being a little slow, the other aspects were considered quite impressive amongst those at the Epic stage.

Furthermore, with the augmentation of the Flaming General Life Soul, Lu Yunxian kept striking out with the Flaming Tiger Fist without any signs of Primordial Energy depletion.

The man and Chi fought an intense battle, but the Stone Chi clearly held the upper hand. The stone dragon Life Soul on its body could devour all of Lu Yunxian’s flaming tiger punches with a single inhale. It looked like it was completely effortless.

Fortunately, the stone dragon wasn’t able to redirect the attacks like the Purple Air Bells. It just swallowed the attack; otherwise, it would have been even more terrifying.

The Stone Chi was unable to break through Lu Yunxian’s Flaming Tiger Fist and became a little irritable. It actually tried to charge at Lu Yunxian, slamming straight into the Flaming Tiger Fist. It ended up retreating from the blow, but its body didn’t suffer any damage. With a roar, it rushed over again.

The stone dragon swallowed and the light in the Stone Chi’s eyes shone out gray rays. It forcefully broke through the airtightness of the Flaming Tiger Fist and slammed into Lu Yunxian.

Lu Yunxian hurriedly summoned a few Companion Beasts because his best stone golem had already died in the previous battle. Although the few that he could use weren’t bad, they weren’t as good as the stone golem.

The Stone Chi wreaked havoc as its gigantic claws ripped at him while sweeping its eye rays across. In moments, all the Companion Beasts that Lu Yunxian summoned were killed.

Zhou Wen was secretly alarmed when he saw this. The Stone Chi hadn’t used the black smoke skill of ordinary Chi. This left Zhou Wen somewhat helpless.

When in-game, Zhou Wen used the Purple Air Bells to absorb the black smoke from the Chi before letting it have a taste of its own medicine.

The black smoke possessed powerful hypnotic powers that even the Chi couldn’t withstand. Therefore, Zhou Wen was able to easily kill the Chi.

However, this Stone Chi hadn’t released any black smoke skills the entire time. Zhou Wen had no way of absorbing it even if he wanted to.

Now, all I can do is absorb the Stone Chi’s gray ray. Seeing that Lu Yunxian was no longer able to put up a fight, Zhou Wen couldn’t wait any longer. He summoned the Purple Air Bell and, with a flash, arrived beside Lu Yunxian.

The Stone Chi’s ray was directed at Lu Yunxian, so when Zhou Wen appeared in front of him, he raised the Purple Air Bell to meet the incoming gray ray.

Immediately, he saw a blurry light shoot into the interior of the bell as though it had been slurped up like noodles.

Then, Zhou Wen held the bell and shook it at the Stone Chi. A thick gray pillar of light spewed out from the bell’s mouth as it shot towards the Stone Chi.

Bam!

The ray shot out from the Stone Chi’s eyes clashed with the pillar of light from the bell. However, it was shattered. Just as the light pillar was about to land on its body RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

The stone dragon Life Soul let out a roar as it opened its mouth and inhaled. It swallowed the pillar of light, averting any harm to the Stone Chi.

Indeed, it doesn’t work. Zhou Wen was somewhat depressed.

Previously, when he used black smoke to deal with the Chi, if the black dragon Life Soul were to suck the black smoke, it too would fall into a slumber. Now, there were none of the benefits.

Lu Yunxian took the opportunity to attack the Stone Chi, but his attacks failed to be effective.

Zhou Wen relied on his Purple Air Bell’s powers to absorb the Stone Chi’s rays as he joined forces with Lu Yunxian. All he could do was hold back the Stone Chi, but killing it was nearly impossible.

Before long, Lu Yunxian’s punches began to weaken. Although he was augmented by Flaming General, his Primordial Energy consumption was just too high. He could not hold on much longer.

Zhou Wen allowed Doctor Darkness to possess him as he used Light of Penetration to illuminate the Stone Chi, but the result left Zhou Wen alarmed. Under Light of Penetration, the Stone Chi’s body was covered in a gray blur that prevented him from seeing through anything.

What’s going on? Why can’t I see through it? Zhou Wen was alarmed and puzzled.

Previously, when he was fighting Wangliangs and Chis, he could use the Light of Penetration to observe their bodies’ interior. But now, it was completely ineffective. It could only mean that this Stone Chi was extraordinary.

Could it be that this Stone Chi is the Chi that devoured the stone artifact? The stone artifact affected it, making it undergo such a strange mutation? Zhou Wen secretly guessed.

At that moment, the Stone Chi’s patience seemed to be completely worn out by the duo. It roared as the stone dragon emitted a dragon roar before spewing out a mouthful of gray smoke.

The gray smoke looked like the normal black dragon’s black smoke, but the color was a little different.

Zhou Wen didn’t have the luxury of time to think. He raised the Purple Air Bell and sucked in the gray smoke as he saw it surge into the Purple Air Bell’s interior.