Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 279 Divine Wind Immortal

Previously, the banana leaf was only the size of a palm but now it was the size of a normal fan. Banana Fairy had also grown to the size of a doll as she sat on the banana leaf. She fluttered about like a little princess in the wind.

After Zhou Wen released her from the chaos space, Banana Fairy flew around him looking very happy.

“Finally.” Zhou Wen extended his hand and Banana Fairy flew over from the banana leaf and landed on Zhou Wen. He immediately felt a breeze surround him, making him cold.

After rubbing Banana Fairy’s head, she transformed into a green stream of light and fused with Zhou Wen’s body, turning back into a banana leaf tattoo.

Zhou Wen dripped a drop of blood on his phone and respawned the blood-colored avatar. He looked at Banana Fairy’s new attributes.

Banana Fairy: Epic (Evolvable) RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Life State: Great Yin Spirit Root.

Life Soul: Divine Wind Immortal

Strength: 41

Speed: 41

Constitution: 41

Primordial Energy: 41

Talent Skill: Grand Yin Wind

Companion Form: Fan

The attributes were as Zhou Wen expected. They were twice the value of 20 plus 1. Zhou Wen didn’t know what the extra 1 point was for, but he had a nagging feeling that this additional one point wasn’t simple.

The skill was still the single Grand Yin Wind, making Zhou Wen feel a little disappointed. He originally wondered if a new kill would be learned after she evolved, but in the end, she remained with a single skill.

The Great Yin Spirit Root Life Providence didn’t change, but the greatest change to Banana Fairy’s transformation was the addition of a Life Soul. The Divine Wind Immortal undoubtedly had strong effects on the wind element. As for the actual effects, he had to test it.

Zhou Wen opened the Zhuolu instance dungeon, hoping to test the power of the Banana Fairy after it evolved.

Soon, he encountered a Wangliang. With a wave of his hand, Banana Fairy appeared in front of him while sitting on a banana leaf. When she saw the Wangliang charging at them, she immediately puffed up her cheeks and pouted her mouth, blowing right at the Wangliang.

An invisible cold wind suddenly blew as the Wangliang’s body was sent flying by the wind. It tumbled far away in the air, and at the same time, its body rapidly froze into an ice sculpture.

Crack!

The Wangliang’s body flew for an unknown distance before shattering in the air, raining down ice shards. Even the Wangliang bead inside its body shattered, causing it to die. A dimensional crystal dropped on the ground.

She’s amazing. Is this the suppression that absolute strength brings? Zhou Wen was pleasantly surprised. Having such wind powers made her the strongest Epic creature Zhou Wen had ever seen. Few creatures of the same level could withstand one fanning of hers.

On Banana Fairy’s body, there was an indiscernible wind that flowed. As the wind flowed, Zhou Wen could vaguely see a transparent woman’s figure. She looked like a deity and was likely Banana Fairy’s Life Soul, Divine Wind Immortal.

Originally, Banana Fairy could only use the Grand Yin Wind once and her Primordial Energy would be depleted. However, with the Divine Wind Immortal, Zhou Wen discovered that Banana Fairy’s Primordial Energy was rapidly recovering. It didn’t take long before she could use Grand Yin Wind again.

In that case, Banana Fairy will have a chance of continuously doing battle. Zhou Wen was delighted. Now that Banana Fairy was his strongest combat power, it was much safer to traverse the ancient battlefield with her.

He extended his hand and Banana Fairy transformed into a jade-like fan that landed in his hand. The fan was about the size of a normal fan, unlike the mini-fan from before. It fit perfectly in his hand.

Zhou Wen examined the banana fan formed by Banana Fairy. It was entirely jade-like and cool to the touch. On the surface of the fan, there was a lady’s portrait. It looked different from the previous banana fan.

Zhou Wen didn’t know if the banana fan would have the same potent effects as Banana Fairy. After all, Banana Fairy had 41 Primordial Energy points, and he only had 21. If he used the Grand Yin Wind skill, there would definitely be a difference in strength.

As he continued forward, he soon ran into a Chi. Zhou Wen used it as an experiment and saw the black dragon Life Soul spew out black smoke. This time, Zhou Wen didn’t use the Purple Air Bell.

Wherever the wind reached, the black smoke was blown back, striking the Chi. Then, it was swept away by the wind.

The black smoke immediately made the Chi fall into a deep slumber. The Grand Yin Wind from the banana fan also caused layers of ice to form outside its body.

However, when Zhou Wen used it, his Grand Yin Wind was indeed much weaker than the Banana Fairy’s. It wasn’t able to directly freeze and shatter the Chi’s body, only managing to send it flying far into the distance.

But even so, Zhou Wen was satisfied. He was only at the Legendary stage. To send an Epic creature like the Chi flying hundreds of feet away using the Grand Yin Wind and freezing it into an ice sculpture was already remarkable.

Now, let’s see if Banana Fairy can resist the Realmwind in the ruins. Zhou Wen rushed to the ruins at full speed. He encountered another Chi on the way and easily slew it. It was effortless.

After arriving outside the ruins once again, Zhou Wen got Banana Fairy to take her original form and enter the ruins with the blood-colored avatar.

Zhou Wen kept observing his surroundings. He was already very sensitive to the Realmwind. Even without Banana Fairy by his side, he was confident that he could dodge Realmwind’s attacks.

However, Zhou Wen still wanted to see how Banana Fairy would respond to it.

As Zhou Wen was thinking, he suddenly felt a minute spatial fluctuation. He knew that it was a sign that a Realmwind was about to appear. Without any hesitation, he dodged, but he didn’t pull Banana Fairy along.

The wind was like a blade as it slashed at Banana Fairy’s neck. However, she didn’t seem to notice it as she sat on the banana leaf and swayed.

It can’t be? How can the wind-elemental Banana Fairy have such a slow reaction towards the Realmwind? Zhou Wen found it strange, but in the next second, his mouth gaped open.

The Realmwind that approached Banana Fairy suddenly spun like an invisible wind blade as it swirled around Banana Fairy’s body, causing the surrounding space to ripple.

With a wave of Banana Fairy’s hand, the Realmwind automatically landed in her palm as though it was a whirling blade that was being controlled by her. It kept spinning until Banana Fairy flicked it, sending it flying off.

Kacha!

A distant stone pillar was sliced apart by the Realmwind. Blood spewed out from it while a strange scream sounded.

“Little Banana, you’re really awesome.” Zhou Wen wished he could summon Banana Fairy over and hug her, planting a deep kiss onto her cheeks.

With Banana Fairy by his side, he was free to enter the ruins. He no longer needed to worry about the terrifying Realmwind.