Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 294 Longevity Fruit

“Where did An Sheng fall from?” Zhou Wen asked Lu Ning.

“The fault at the back of the temple,” Lu Ning replied.

Zhou Wen hurriedly got Lu Yunxian to control his Companion Beast as the trio rushed into the back hall.

If the front of the temple was considered a building, then the back of the temple was a huge cavern. 80% of it maintained its original appearance with only a few places showing signs of artificial excavation.

A stone drum stood on the left side of the cavern, emitting thumping sounds. The terrifying sonar waves came from it.

However, now that Zhou Wen and company were close to the stone drum, they couldn’t sense the powerful might of the echo. The power of the sonar wave was only equivalent to a Legendary sonar wave attack.

A huge rift spanning a few hundred meters covered the other side of the cave, and at the back was a strange fruit tree.

The fruit tree was twenty to thirty meters tall, its crown resembling a large umbrella. The tree had dense leaves and its body was black as ink. Only the leaves had a few fine white veins.

Many fruits peppered the areas between the black leaves. However, looking carefully, one couldn’t help but be alarmed.

This was because the fruits looked like babies that were sitting cross-legged with their eyes closed. It exuded an indescribable horror.

No matter how he looked at it, Zhou Wen found the strange tree resembled the Dead Man Tree in his mysterious phone, but there were slight differences.

Lord Alcohol had already run up to the tree. He leaped up to pick the infant-like fruit.

Zhou Wen didn’t know if it was an illusion, but he saw the fruit move by itself, taking the initiative to make contact with Lord Alcohol’s palm. Soon, it was in his hand. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“I originally planned on letting them give it a try, but now there’s nothing I can do.” Lord Alcohol’s red eyes stared at the strange fruit that resembled a jade doll and swallowed it.

“What’s that fruit?” Zhou Wen asked Lu Ning.

Lu Ning looked confused. “When we first entered, this was all there was at the back of the temple. There was no stone drum or fruit trees.”

Without any hesitation, Zhou Wen pulled out his Bamboo Blade and cleaved at Lord Alcohol, who had just swallowed the fruit, with the Demonic Astral Wheel. Since he had become an archenemy, he had to try with all his might to kill his enemy.

Zhou Wen didn’t know what changes would happen after Lord Alcohol swallowed the fruit. Although he wanted to know, he wasn’t willing to wait for the outcome.

Lu Ning and Lu Yunxian shared the same thoughts. Two forces of ice and fire joined Zhou Wen’s Demonic Astral Wheel in the assault on Lord Alcohol.

After Lord Alcohol swallowed the fruit, he seemed to be in a daze. He stood there motionless with his head lowered and his body bent. He looked extremely strange.

Just as the three forces were about to hit him, Lord Alcohol raised his head and spread open his arms. He leaned back and let out a painful

roar.

A terrifying power erupted from his body as a powerful shockwave shattered Zhou Wen and company’s attacks. This terrifying power wasn’t directed at the three of them.

Their expressions instantly turned nasty as Zhou Wen summoned Banana Fairy. Banana Fairy opened her mouth and blew a gust of cold wind at the roaring Lord Alcohol.

The cold wind blew Lord Alcohol away, slamming him into the stone wall at the back of the cave, creating a huge pit.

Lord Alcohol’s body leaned against the pit in the stone wall, his body twisted. Covered in frost, his eyes were closed.

However, the ominous feeling in Zhou Wen’s heart intensified. With the Bamboo Blade in hand, he used Ghost Steps to instantly appear in front of Lord Alcohol, delivering Transcendent Flying Immortal right into Lord Alcohol’s chest.

At that moment, Lord Alcohol’s hand suddenly moved. The veins on his hand protruded like tiny purple snakes wrapping around his arm. Furthermore, his arm was emitting a strange blood-colored glow.

At such a close distance, Lord Alcohol held the Bamboo Blade that had stabbed at him like a bolt of lightning. It had failed to slice off his palm but had managed to slice it open.

Blood flowed out, but he seemed to feel nothing. Holding the blade, he opened his eyes and slowly stood up from the pit.

As he stood up, his body underwent a tremendous change. His fractured bones automatically healed, and his white hair turned black. His hunched and thin figure also gradually straightened up as he bulked up. His entire silhouette and overall bearing seemed to undergo a miraculous change.

Lord Alcohol, who looked like an old man, had turned into a middle-aged man as he slowly stood up. There were no signs of aging on him at all. It was hard to imagine that the previous Lord Alcohol was the same person.

Doctor Darkness silently crept behind him and stabbed him in the waist with his scalpel.

Crack!

Without even looking back, Lord Alcohol threw out his palm, sending Doctor Darkness and his Life Soul flying out. Doctor Darkness slammed into the mountain wall, his bones seemingly fractured. He fell to the ground with a twisted expression. It was unknown if he could survive.

“Jing Daoxian didn’t lie to me. The fruit of the Longevity Tree can really restore one’s youth. It feels great being young...” Lord Alcohol wore a look of delight. In his glee, he exerted strength in his palm, throwing Zhou Wen and his saber flying.

Zhou Wen switched to the Godfiend Life Providence in midair and used its power to counter the terrifying momentum that Lord Alcohol transferred into him. He landed safely on the ground, not suffering a tragic fate like Doctor Darkness.

“What’s that fruit? How did it make Lord Alcohol become so terrifying?” Lu Yunxian said as he looked at the young and powerful Lord Alcohol.

“I don’t know.” Zhou Wen’s expression didn’t look too good. The aura emanating from Lord Alcohol was terrifying. Zhou Wen could even faintly feel an invisible gas rising from his body like an invisible devil.

What made Zhou Wen most worried was that the current Lord Alcohol had already reached an unimaginable level. Even Banana Fairy couldn’t kill him. The three of them probably didn’t have the strength to resist him anymore.

Lord Alcohol had transformed into a twenty-year-old youth. His black hair was hanging down due to his nature-defying growth, and his muscles were filled with elasticity and strength. He had been a grizzled old man just moments ago.

“Let’s leave, now.” Zhou Wen cried out to Lu Yunxian and Lu Ning, before turning to run towards the front temple.

Since they were no match for him, death was the only outcome.

Lord Alcohol glanced coldly at them and reached out his hand to grab at them. Zhou Wen and company immediately felt an irresistible suction force pulling them towards him.