Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 342 Epic Advancement

The Stone Chi and Overlord Snake were still in armor and sword form. Without Zhou Wen’s order, it was impossible for them to turn into pets and fight the enemy.

Although White Shadow of Poison charged towards the little girl, it did not have much effect on her. The little girl’s speed was above it, and its poison couldn’t hurt her.

Doctor Darkness’s scalpel was unable to immobilize the little girl. The syringe was unable to penetrate her skin. So he was utterly useless.

The other Companion Beasts like Tyrant Behemoth were too low-leveled to be useful, so Zhou Wen didn’t even summon them.

With the girl already charging at him, Zhou Wen’s consciousness was completely drawn by the power in his body. Unable to care about the outside world, he appeared to be in mortal danger.

With a bang, Banana Fairy automatically got out of her companion form without any orders. She recovered her original form and sat on the banana leaf, putting herself between Zhou Wen and the girl as she exhaled.

The Grand Yin Wind immediately blew the little girl hundreds of meters away. The little girl knocked into a forest, slamming through many thick trees that spanned two arm widths. She left a long ditch in the forest.

But very quickly, the little girl rushed out of the forest. There was still frost on her clothing, but her body wasn’t injured.

Seeing the little girl rushing back, Banana Fairy gritted her teeth and blew out another Grand Yin Wind, blowing the little girl away.

However, this time, the Grand Yin Wind was clearly much weaker than the first. The distance the girl traveled wasn’t as great as before. She only fell into the forest and slammed through two trees.

The Grand Yin Wind expended plenty of Primordial Energy. The short interval limited the amount of Primordial Energy that Banana Fairy could restore; thus, the Grand Yin Wind she blew out naturally weakened.

The girl was too obstinate, as though she wanted to fight to the death. She charged over and pounced at Zhou Wen again.

Banana Fairy blew another mouthful of Grand Yin Wind, sending her flying again. She repeatedly prevented the girl from rushing towards Zhou Wen who was condensing his Life Soul to advance to the Epic stage.

However, the Grand Yin Wind that Banana Fairy blew out was weaker with each instance. It started with sending her flying a few hundred meters and leaving a long ditch in the ground.

However, after ten instances, the Grand Yin Wind could only blow her a few meters away. After the girl landed, she dashed towards Banana Fairy quickly again, not giving her a chance to catch her breath.

Banana Fairy’s face was pale. The Grand Yin Wind that she could produce had weakened drastically, but she remained in front of Zhou Wen without any intention of backing off.

A gust of Grand Yin Wind blew out again, but the girl wasn’t sent flying. She continued walking towards Zhou Wen against the strong wind.

At the instant the Grand Yin Wind stopped, the little girl flew up and grabbed Banana Fairy’s neck. She yanked her off the banana leaf and pressed her to the ground.

The girl’s eyes were ice-cold as her palm was about to snap Banana Fairy’s neck when she suddenly felt a force blast out from Zhou Wen. She couldn’t help but look up.

An invisible force surged from Zhou Wen’s body, making his body float up uncontrollably. His body emitted a strange force that enveloped his entire body.

The girl stared at Zhou Wen in midair as her eyes shimmered. It was as though she had seen something that surprised her. She was momentarily stunned.

At that moment, Zhou Wen finally opened his eyes. Simultaneously, wisps of invisible flames rose up from him, a kind of indescribable force.

It contained Zhou Wen’s Primordial Energy, or even his essence, vitality, and spirit. However, it was different from ordinary Primordial Energy. It was not a pure energy body like a Companion Beast. It was a magical power that resembled a form of energy but also a form of life.

The energy kept rising in Zhou Wen’s body as it slowly gathered behind him, as though it had formed the legendary entity known as a Life Soul. Zhou Wen could sense the existence of his Life Soul and could sense the terrifying power that came with it. However, he couldn’t see it, as though it was transparent and invisible.

Zhou Wen wasn’t in the mood to figure out why he couldn’t see his Life Soul. When he saw the little girl pressing Banana Fairy’s neck to the ground, he was already raging inside.

He drew his Bamboo Blade and slashed it at the girl.

However, with this slash, Zhou Wen felt that it was somewhat different from usual. Usually, when he slashed out, how much strength the blade had was limited by his own strength.

But now, with this slash, Zhou Wen felt an additional force that exceeded his limits, being injected into his saber.

More accurately speaking, his entire body seemed to be enveloped by a strange force. When he swung his saber, it was as if someone was holding his hand before swinging the saber with him.

The slash completely exceeded Zhou Wen’s expectations both in speed and strength. The blade seemed to teleport as it vanished briefly before appearing in front of the girl.

The girl revealed a look of surprise as she extended her arms to block the blade.

Immediately, blood splattered as the girl’s arm was sliced open. Through the wound, he could see the flesh and bones inside. Her body was also sent flying and, when she fell to the ground, she created a hundred-meter-long ditch in the ground that had roots entrenched in it.

Zhou Wen looked at the saber in his hand in a slight daze. The strength of the saber had far exceeded his expectations. Logically speaking, although he had advanced to the Epic stage, his physical stats hadn’t been raised. It was unlikely he had suddenly become this strong.

Even if he could become stronger, that would be when he absorbed stats crystals and increased his stats to a higher level.

But now, he had not done anything; yet, he was already so strong.

Is this the power of a Life Soul? Zhou Wen inspected himself, but he didn’t see anything. He clearly felt that there was a Life Soul outside his body, but he couldn’t see it.

Banana Fairy flew back and rubbed her neck, looking very uncomfortable.

Zhou Wen glanced at the girl and saw her get back on her feet. He couldn’t help but frown slightly as he clenched the saber in his hand, preparing to completely finish her.

He absolutely couldn’t let such a vicious creature live in this world. Otherwise, there would be endless trouble.

With her vengeful personality, she definitely wouldn’t stop until Zhou Wen was killed.

Zhou Wen drew his saber and was about to head towards the little girl who had just gotten up when he suddenly saw a sword flash in the sky. A black figure appeared on a flying sword, blocking him. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

After Zhou Wen saw who it was, he couldn’t help but frown slightly. The person riding the sword in front of him was the one who had killed the strange mountain back in Holy City.