Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

380 A Way to Advance the Life Soul

Although there were quite a number of Epic creatures like Jade Toad, and it could drop many good items, there were not many tutors in the college who were willing to kill one.

The Jade Toad was poisonous. The blood and bodily fluids that spewed out were deadly poisonous if one managed to lacerate it. Just touching a little bit of it was enough to kill someone.

Before its death, the Jade Toad would even self-destruct. Within a radius of tens of meters, the poison would spray everywhere. Touching any bit of it could result in death.

If there wasn’t a special need, who would risk their lives to kill such a dimensional creature? Humans were still humans after all. Even if they had the ability to kill Jade Toads, who could guarantee that they wouldn’t be distracted for a moment? If they were stained with the poison, their outcome would be dire.

Naturally, Zhou Wen didn’t have any qualms about that. His Poison stat was close to 20, so he didn’t take to heart the typical poison. Furthermore, he wasn’t afraid of death in-game.

Jade Toads and Poison Bats were poisonous creatures, but the crystals they dropped were mainly Strength-type. Occasionally, some high-level Primordial Energy Crystals would drop, making them rather good options.

Zhou Wen came to the underground Pool City and arrived at a region with shallow water. Indeed, there was a huge green toad sprawled on the roof.

Although this fellow could stay in water, it didn’t usually do so.

Without a word, Zhou Wen controlled the blood-colored avatar to pull out the Overlord Sword and slashed out with a sword beam from afar.

The sword beam was as fast as lightning. The Jade Toad’s speed was too slow and it was unable to dodge in time. All it could do was spit out venom to block the sword beam, but the sword beam sliced through the venom, slicing through its body.

Bam!

The Jade Toad exploded, and its poisonous green blood splattered everywhere, dyeing the nearby waters a dark green color.

Zhou Wen was overjoyed when he saw a dimensional crystal drop—Strength +36. He hurriedly sent the blood-colored avatar flying over to pick it up.

There was also poisoned blood on the dimensional crystal. When the blood-colored avatar picked it up, it had dyed its hands with a little green poison. However, the poison didn’t spread. After Zhou Wen washed away the poison on the dimensional crystal, the poison on the blood-colored avatar’s finger also slowly subsided.

The poison of this Jade Toad is even more powerful than the poison from the Poison Bat. It should also drop Poison Crystals, right? Zhou Wen was filled with anticipation when he saw this. Perhaps, he could obtain higher-valued Poison Crystals here.

Zhou Wen spent most of his time grinding Jade Toads. Before he dripped his blood to respawn the underground Pool City, he would kill the baby tiger and grind Tiger Cage Pass.

The Tiger Cage Demonized General was awesome. Furthermore, Zhou Wen also wanted to use the warlock at Tiger Cage Pass to hone his combat skills. The warlock was indeed powerful, making it difficult to kill him. However, using him to train his combat skills was better than using anyone else.

Typical dimensional creatures didn’t have high intelligence, making them mostly rely on their natural talents when it came to combat technique. It was very rare to have enemies like the Tiger Cage Pass warlock.

He had no clue about the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra or the Dao Sutra Life Soul, nor did he find a way to advance the Slaughterer Life Soul. Instead, he attempted raising the Ancient Sovereign Sutra Life Soul.

The way to level up the Ancient Sovereign Life Soul was through combat. As long as he kept fighting, the Ancient Sovereign Life Soul would gradually grow. However, ordinary battles wouldn’t have much effect on it; it had to be a high-intensity battle before it could evolve.

Zhou Wen realized that the Ancient Sovereign Life Soul underwent some strange changes while in battle with the Tiger Cage Pass warlock. Although he hadn’t advanced it to an Evolved Body, it was indeed growing.

In battles between dimensional creatures, most of them rely on their talent and instincts. There aren’t many truly skilled dimensional creatures. Speaking of techniques, humans are better at it... Zhou Wen thought for a moment. If he wanted the Ancient Sovereign Life Soul to evolve, he would have to fight other humans.

In school, the only opponent Zhou Wen could think of was Feng Qiuyan. Although there were other schoolmates who had talent on a par with Feng Qiuyan, they hadn’t advanced to the Epic stage yet and were unable to reach the level the Ancient Sovereign Life Soul required in battle.

Although Feng Qiuyan is powerful, his saber techniques are too singular. His battle style is just speed. This doesn’t seem to match the Ancient Sovereign Sutra’s intent. After some thought, Zhou Wen realized that he probably wouldn’t be able to spar with his schoolmates. However, other than students, there were many tutors in school who were genuine Epic experts.

However, tutors usually wouldn’t spar with students. Even his own class’s tutor might not spar with him, let alone those tutors who were only in charge of teaching.

After Zhou Wen studied all the tutors in the college, he felt that one tutor would probably be willing to be his opponent.

This tutor was Wei Feng, a tutor who was responsible for imparting boxing techniques in the college. He was adept at all kinds of powerful boxing techniques. Skills such as Golden Palm and Fiend Suppression Fist were a piece of cake for Wei Feng. It was said that the fist-type Primordial Energy Skill he was most skilled at was called “Explosive Fist.” The strength of a single punch was like a bomb that could blast a house into ruins. It was truly the best choice for house demolitions.

Zhou Wen heard that Wei Feng was an old military officer who could have enjoyed life after retirement. However, he wanted to relieve his excess zeal, so he accepted the college’s offer to teach at Sunset College.

Although Wei Feng was a tutor now, his temper didn’t change much when compared to his time in the military. He wore his heart on his sleeve and had a fiery temper. He would take action as a demonstration if there was any disagreement.

Of course, it was only limited to a demonstration. He wouldn’t really attack students, nor would he let students be injured.

Zhou Wen had also heard that Wei Feng was used to fighting in the military. After coming to school, with no one to fight him, he wasn’t used to it and often got other tutors to spar with him. Many tutors were already scared of him.

Some of them really weren’t his match, while others were irritated by his pestering. As long as he couldn’t beat them, Wei Feng would continue to pester them until he defeated them. If he was in a good mood, he would want several more rounds of battles.

Most people wouldn’t be able to tolerate this. Therefore, most of the tutors in the college changed expressions and hid far away when they saw him. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Others couldn’t stand him, but Zhou Wen happened to be looking for such a trait. Therefore, after asking around about Wei Feng, he found some time to attend his class.

Zhou Wen was already a famous person in school. Although he kept a low profile as he entered the lecture hall and chose an inconspicuous spot to sit down, he was still recognized by other students.

“Why is Zhou Wen attending Tutor Wei’s class?” Many students whispered to each other when they saw him.