Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 406 Blood Hex

ják lurked in the grass, alarmed. he had been imprisoned for more than twenty years. were young adults these days so powerful?

back in his day, he could kill young adults in their twenties, such as an sheng, without wasting too much effort.

however, between the two young adults that he met today, zhou wen had forced him to hide in the darkness while an sheng, who appeared a little older, maybe in his mid-twenties, but definitely not in his thirties, had managed to escape the life blast that he had set up. this made him suspect that the league had experienced an explosive growth over the past few decades. however, from his journey here, he believed that humans might have improved, but they shouldn’t be that powerful.

ják lived up to his name. the thought of escaping didn’t arise just because of zhou wen and an sheng’s strength. the killing intent in his heart burned even more. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

if my previous companion beasts were still around, killing them would be much simpler. unfortunately, i’ll have to think of another solution now. ják’s mind raced as he thought about how to kill zhou wen and an sheng. he had no intention of escaping.

perhaps, even shen yuchi wouldn’t have expected that a great devil like ják would have to go through so much difficulty to capture a university student.

back when ják was pursued by the bureau and in what seemed like an inescapable net, he had even killed more than twenty epic inspectors.

ják even infiltrated holy city while being pursued, a showcase of his boldness. he abducted the son of the previous director-general of the special inspector bureau and killed him in front of the experts chasing him.

shen yuchi had made a deal with ják because he wanted to put things right once and for all. he hoped that ják could capture zhou wen without anyone noticing, but little did he expect ják to end up in a predicament.

he swept his glance across the forest, and a vicious glint flashed across ják’s eyes as he exploded the life blast he had set up.

rumble!

the leaves exploded in the forest like bombs. in a region spanning a few hundred meters, there were explosive booms and destroyed trees everywhere.

a large group of birds and wild beasts fled in all directions, and the forest was thrown into pandemonium.

“no good. he wants to escape.” truth listener’s range was only about a hundred meters. the explosions’ had already exceeded the distance that truth listener could monitor. there were all sorts of creatures fleeing in the forest. if ják were to be among them, it would be impossible to find him.

zhou wen had no choice but to fly in the sky and constantly search with truth listener’s powers, hoping to find something abnormal.

suddenly, zhou wen saw a black shadow escape rapidly under the moonlight. although the moonlight was bright, there were trees sheltering the area. shadows covered the area below as the black shadow rapidly slunk through the shadows. zhou wen’s truth listener couldn’t hear it; it just so happened that his eyes accidentally swept across the spot where the moonlight scattered, allowing him to see it by chance.

zhou wen immediately recalled that the other party had previously wanted to pin his shadow. clearly, he was proficient in shadow techniques, and now, he was escaping using shadows. it would be difficult to find him if he escaped successfully. there was still a chance of finding his true body next time, but even so, zhou wen himself wasn’t confident.

with no mercy in his heart, zhou wen switched to the ancient sovereign life soul, letting it fuse with him. his entire body emitted a glow as he rushed into the forest like a god of light in pursuit of the shadow.

“don’t chase after him!” an sheng loudly warned zhou wen, but he saw zhou wen charge in without stopping. all he could do was rush in as well.

the ancient sovereign life soul brought zhou wen powerful vital essence, one that emitted light and heat as he lit up the dark forest.

tree leaves fell on zhou wen. with one hand holding the overlord sword and the other holding the bamboo blade, he slashed out a sword and saber beam, splitting all the leaves that came close to him.

however, when he stepped onto the grass on the ground, the grass suddenly exploded. thankfully, zhou wen was wearing the mutated stone chi armor. resisting the blast, he leaped up and tapped his feet on the trunk before continuing his pursuit of the shadow.

zhou wen didn’t dare land on the ground as he used the trees to engage in pursuit. his glow illuminated the forest. under the brilliance, he could clearly see a shadow moving quickly on the ground without making a single sound. truth listener couldn’t hear it either.

he slashed out fangwheel sword flash with the overlord sword, but the shadow rapidly flashed. it dodged the sword beam and circled around in a bid to escape in another direction.

zhou wen chased the shadow as he kept slashing out sword beams, but the shadow dodged zhou wen’s sword beams again and again. it was like a ghost, making zhou wen almost believe that it was really just a shadow.

however, seeing that the shadow was constantly dodging the sword light, and that it wouldn’t fade under the light he emitted, he knew that it wasn’t a real shadow.

to be able to use a shadow escape technique to such a degree and use a large area of life blast, could this person really be ják? an sheng rushed into the forest and stood on a tree branch. when he saw zhou wen chasing the shadow, he was alarmed and puzzled.

he had heard many legends about ják in the past. all the different kinds of evil and powerful primordial energy skills at his disposal made him extremely unpredictable. he was capable of killing people in an invisible manner.

this legendary person was actually suppressed by zhou wen, forcing him to reevaluate zhou wen’s strength.

young master wen might end up being a second overseer in the future, thought an sheng. he had watched zhou wen develop his strength, but even he was astonished at such a growth rate.

just as zhou wen cornered the shadow with nowhere for it to escape, ják revealed his body. ják stood there, his blood hex clown life soul in front of him as he withstood the fangwheel sword flash with both hands.

boom!

the blood hex clown and ják behind it were sent flying as they slammed into an old tree. blood immediately spurted out from ják’s mouth.

zhou wen wasn’t willing to give him a chance. the moment his feet landed on the ground, he exerted strength with all his might, ready to charge forward and kill ják on the spot.

however, just as his foot touched the ground, he felt his ankle tighten. a terrifying force tugged at him, almost causing him to fall to the ground.

zhou wen looked down and realized that the ják’s severed hand was grabbing his ankle. sanguine aura surged from the severed hand arm as it clutched tightly at his ankle. the sanguine aura also surged up and quickly spread across his leg as though a blood-patterned talisman had been drawn on the stone armor.

“no good!” an sheng wanted to rush over, but when he saw zhou wen’s expression and gaze, instead of rushing over immediately, he stopped in his tracks.

an sheng had seen similar looks and expressions many times. it was the look and expression that a particular overseer he knew well had when it was time to reel in the net he had carefully arranged.

ják suppressed the excitement in his heart as he stood up. he licked the blood on his lips and looked at zhou wen with burning eyes. “you should feel honored to be the first person i, ják, have killed in 27 years.”