Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 423 I Want a Person

You aren’t even eating an Epic Companion Egg? Aren’t you being a little too picky with your food? Zhou Wen thought to himself. If it were Tyrant Behemoth, he would have run over like a pug. Yet, this fellow didn’t even bother with it.

The Demonic Neonate remained standing there with a cold expression, without any reaction. It was as though she only moved when Zhou Wen gave the order.

Forget it. You will eat when you are hungry. Zhou Wen saw that the phone didn’t give him a hungry notification and left the Companion Egg in the dungeon. He could retrieve it when the Demonic Neonate became hungry.

It’s not a solution if this continues. I can’t grind dungeons now, but my few Companion Beasts need to eat, especially Tyrant Behemoth. If it wasn’t for the fact that I’ve hatched quite a lot of food for it and I’ve been rationing just to keep it alive, I would long be out of stock.

Zhou Wen failed to come up with a good solution. All he could do was wait for the black dragon to die before grinding.

...

A medical report about the soldiers shocked Lu Su.

The soldiers who had been saved by Zhou Wen were healed in less than two days. The scars on their bodies would only disappear after some time, however, it didn’t stop them from participating in battle.

Another break-out creature appeared the day before. A large number of soldiers had participated in the encirclement attack only to have a few soldiers splashed with the bloody water. Among them were three soldiers that Zhou Wen had saved.

Red rashes appeared on the other soldiers as they fainted on the spot and were dragged into the river. However, the three of them were completely fine. They were lucky to have escaped the calamity.

Lu Su had someone draw their blood for tests. The test results showed that they had a high resistance against the rashes. Even if the virus entered their bodies, it wouldn’t cause too much damage. Instead, it would slowly die, unable to proliferate.

How did this happen? It could be said that it’s a coincidence if one or two of them are like that. But all of them are like that, so there’s only one possibility. Zhou Wen’s Companion Beast ability can really make their bodies produce antibodies. The more Lu Su thought about it, the more convinced she was.

This discovery excited Lu Su. Although there wasn’t any medicine, Zhou Wen’s Companion Beast’s ability was more effective than medicine. If all soldiers could have such resistance, their battle at Chess Mountain would become much more proactive. At the very least, they didn’t need to worry about dropping into the blood river or fighting in it.

They also didn’t have to worry about getting infected with rashes if they stayed on duty for too long. This way, they could send more people to strengthen surveillance. It was easier to deal with any problems that cropped up.

Previously, despite having enough manpower, as the soldiers couldn’t stay by the river for long, they could only divide the manpower into several groups and switch shifts. With Zhou Wen’s abilities, there was no need to go through so much trouble. They could set up more guards and expand the surveillance range.

This time, Lu Su wasn’t in a rush to look for Zhou Wen. Instead, she went to Qin Wufu’s office.

Qin Wufu was handling official matters when he heard the guard say that Lu Su wanted to see him. He stopped whatever he was doing and ordered the guards to invite Lu Su in.

Although Lu Su was only in her thirties and wasn’t of a high ranking position, the medical team determined the lives of more than ten thousand officers and soldiers. Qin Wufu didn’t dare to be negligent.

"Susu, why are you looking for me?" Qin Wufu didn’t have any airs. Furthermore, Lu Su’s family had some ties with him. He always treated Lu Su as his junior.

Lu Su said, "Uncle Qin, I want to ask you for someone."

"Who would be so important to have you personally make this trip?" Qin Wufu asked Lu Su curiously.

After Lu Su took charge of the medical team, she did not make use of his relationship to request any conditions. However, she managed the medical team well and the soldiers all acknowledged her. This made Qin Wufu very satisfied.

Now that Lu Su suddenly requested someone, Qin Wufu was curious as to who she wanted.

"An intern doctor," Lu Su said. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Qin Wufu found it even more strange. He looked at Lu Su and asked, "The medical team’s personnel are all under your jurisdiction. Why are you asking for an intern doctor from me?"

With that said, Qin Wufu was enlightened. "You want to recruit new intern doctors? It’s not that I don’t wish to help you do the recruitment, but there are just too few students studying medicine now. Ever since the dimensional storms, the number of people suffering from illnesses has decreased every year, and the number of people who study medicine is decreasing. Furthermore, being a military doctor requires medical skills..."

"Uncle Qin, there’s no need to hire a new doctor. I just want an intern at the encampment," Lu Su said.

"An intern doctor in the encampment?" Qin Wufu was slightly taken aback. He knew that Lu Su wasn’t someone who would cause trouble for nothing. Since she wanted this person, the person definitely existed in the encampment.

He’s in the encampment, but doesn’t come under Lu Su’s management... Qin Wufu immediately thought of Zhou Wen. He looked at Lu Su with an odd expression and asked, "Don’t tell me the person you want is Zhou Wen?"

"Uncle Qin, you really know him. That’s right, I just want him. I hope that he can join the medical team as an official member," Lu Su said.

Qin Wufu looked at Lu Su and asked, "Why do you want him?"

Qin Wufu found it extremely odd. He knew very well that Zhou Wen was only an ordinary college student and he didn’t study medicine. He had also randomly filled up the document for Zhou Wen, making him an intern doctor. It was mainly to allow Zhou Wen to enter the encampment and not have to undergo training with the ordinary soldiers.

"With him, we can resolve a problem that has been plaguing you all this while, Uncle Qin," Lu Su said calmly.

"Oh, what problem?" Qin Wufu looked at Lu Su with piqued interest and asked.

"The rashes problem. With Zhou Wen around, our soldiers won’t have to be afraid of the blood-colored river or rashes. They can always be on sentry. They don’t have to frequently switch shifts and they can fight in the blood-colored river," Lu Su enunciated each word clearly.

"What? Are you sure?" Qin Wufu stood up in shock and asked Lu Su.

Lu Su was right. This was indeed a problem that had been plaguing him. Due to this problem, the military had lost at least 40% of its combat strength. It also weakened the surveillance on Chess Mountain.

In the past, with Yan Zhen around, even though his temper was a little strange, he was able to help him resolve these problems. Although Lu Su had the same excellent medical skills, she could not resolve these strange problems.

Qin Wufu was unable to contact the missing Yan Zhen and there wasn’t any news from the coroner, so it gave him a headache.

Now, Lu Su suddenly said that Zhou Wen could solve the problem of the blood river. It surprised Qin Wufu. He found it unbelievable.

"The soldiers that Zhou Wen saved were all previously infected with a bout of rashes. After Zhou Wen treated them, their bodies are now immune to the blood river. This is some experimental data I gathered..." Lu Su handed the information she had brought over to Qin Wufu.

Please go to https://ReadRead/Let-Me-Game-in-Peace/ to read the latest chapters for free