Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 440 Immortal

Two beams shot out of the fox demon’s eyes and arrived in front of the blood-colored avatar in a blink of an eye. They were so unbelievably fast that Zhou Wen wasn’t given any time to react.

Zhou Wen subconsciously used Ghost Steps and dodged to the side. However, White Shadow of Poison didn’t react quickly enough. After the beam hit it, it immediately disintegrated and vanished.

What terrifying strength! Zhou Wen was alarmed as he saw the fox demon’s eyes constantly shoot out beams at the blood-colored avatar.

Zhou Wen was best at movement techniques, but under such speedy beams, dodging a few times quickly exhausted him. Desperate, he could only draw his sword and slash it at the fox demon’s eyes.

However, the beam didn’t seem corporeal as Overlord Sword’s sword beam pierced through the beam as it illuminated Zhou Wen and the Overlord Sword.

Zhou Wen watched the scene of Overlord Sword and the blood-colored avatar being disassembled into points of light before the game screen went black.

I’m afraid the fox demon’s gaze is about to reach the speed of light. How can it be dodged? Zhou Wen was somewhat helpless. No matter how good his movement technique was, it was difficult for him to dodge.

From the looks of it, this won’t work. I can’t take the river path. The sky has the fox demon as an obstacle. I can’t afford to provoke any of them. Zhou Wen realized that he couldn’t enter Deer Terrace Pavilion.

Is there a way to enter? Zhou Wen suddenly recalled how he had looked at the stone wall inside Deer Terrace Pavilion and simulated a Primordial Energy Art known as the Demon God Bloodline Catalog. He wondered if it was of any use.

Dripping a drop of blood to revive, he entered Chess Mountain again. This time, since they were useless, Zhou Wen didn’t hold so many weapons. In fact, he decided not to take anything. All he did was switch his Primordial Energy Art to the Demon God Bloodline Catalog which he had gained basic mastery, one that didn’t even have a Life Providence.

After he was done, Zhou Wen hesitated for a moment before choosing to jump into the river.

After all, this was a path that he had taken once. If he were to take another path, he didn’t know what other problems he would encounter. If the Demon God Bloodline Catalog really worked, he could directly reach the place where the Mythical Companion Eggs were placed.

Just like the last time, the blood-colored avatar didn’t swim far before strange blood-colored tentacles appeared under the river. However, the blood-colored tentacles didn’t pull him into the water. They danced in the water like swaying seaweed.

Is the Demon God Bloodline Catalog really useful? Zhou Wen was delighted as he spread apart the tentacles and continued swimming forward. Soon, he arrived beside Deer Terrace Pavilion.

Surprisingly, nothing happened. Zhou Wen searched the left side of Deer Terrace Pavilion for quite some time, but he failed to find the hole that he had previously used to enter.

No way? That crappy hole isn’t in-game? Zhou Wen searched back and forth a few times. There was no mistake about it. There really wasn’t a hole there.

Left with no choice, Zhou Wen could only swim to the front of Deer Terrace Pavilion and climb up the stone stairs. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

There were three levels to the foundation of Deer Terrace Pavilion. It was like a pyramid. Further up was the ancient building.

Previously, Zhou Wen had swum underwater. According to his estimates, after entering, he was probably at the bottom of the foundation.

There were no doors to the three levels. He could only walk up the stone stairs and reach the ancient building’s entrance.

While carefully controlling the blood-colored avatar, he nervously walked up the stone stairs. Although he had the Demon God Bloodline Catalog protecting him, it was only at basic mastery. It didn’t even have a Life Providence.

When Zhou Wen walked to the foundation at the bottom, he suddenly saw a mist spew out from the platform, transforming into many fairies and immortals that cast their gazes at the blood-colored avatar.

Zhou Wen’s heart skipped a beat. He saw that these fairies and immortals were rather beautiful, but he felt an indescribable seduction. He thought of the demoness in the legend who summoned many demon spirits who could transform their appearances. They disguised themselves as immortals to drink with the tyrant.

Although they were only demon spirits, they were all figures in myths and legends. It wasn’t impossible for them to have strength at the Mythical stage.

The fairies and immortals looked at the blood-colored avatar and sized him up before ignoring him. They held alcohol flasks and glasses as they focused on drinking. There were even fairies dancing as they drank. Their dancing styles were tacky.

This Demon God Bloodline Catalog is actually so useful. Doesn’t that mean that I can freely enter dimensional zones in the future without needing to worry about being attacked? Zhou Wen thought to himself, but he didn’t stop walking. He continued walking up the stairs.

When he arrived at the second floor of the foundation’s platform, he saw many fairies and immortals. They were similar to the previous level—they only sized up the blood-colored avatar for a moment before ignoring him.

Zhou Wen walked up all the way to the third level’s platform, which was also the level where the ancient building was. He saw some more fairies and immortals, but the outcome was the same. No one paid him any attention.

Zhou Wen controlled the blood-colored avatar to walk towards the ancient building’s door. The door was open. He looked inside and saw six fairies and immortals drinking and enjoying themselves. However, they were different from the ones outside. They sat on both sides of the hall. Each of them had a short table in front of them. On the table were fine wine, fruits, and delicacies.

The moment the blood-colored avatar entered the hall, a fairy sitting close to the door looked at him. With just a glance, her expression changed as she shot out a rainbow beam.

No good! I’ve been discovered! Zhou Wen dodged and retreated, but the rainbow beam kept chasing after him like it had a life of its own. It drew an arc in the air like a rainbow.

Zhou Wen continuously changed directions and dodged a few times, but he was ultimately caught up by the rainbow beam. Helpless, he could only draw his sword and slash at it.

Boom!

The Overlord Sword struck ruthlessly. The rainbow-colored beam was actually cleaved apart by the Overlord Sword. However, the blood-colored avatar’s body was sent flying as it tumbled down the stone steps.

As such, the concealment from before had also lost its effect. The fairies and immortals on the platform charged ferociously at the blood-colored avatar.

Realizing that he was exposed, Zhou Wen didn’t hide anything. He switched back to the Lost Immortal Sutra and took out his banana fan. He fanned at the charging assailants.

Boom!

The sky was filled with immortals as they were sent flying by the fan. They either slammed into the wall or fell to the ground. They spat out mouthfuls of blood and looked seriously injured. Some of them directly revealed their true bodies. Most of them were foxes, night cats, pheasants, etc.

So these guys aren’t at the Mythical stage. Zhou Wen was relieved as he fanned the fake fairies and immortals.

After sending them flying everywhere, some died upon hitting Deer Terrace Pavilion.