Chapter 443 Let Loose and Ea

"Eat. Let loose and eat. Eat however much you can." Zhou Wen ordered Tyrant Behemoth.

Tyrant Behemoth let out a roar and swallowed the chest of Primordial Crystals that Zhou Wen had opened with a single mouthful. After chewing a few times, it swallowed it. It wasn’t afraid of indigestion.

The Tyrant Behemoth didn’t even look. It opened its mouth and bit down on the metal chests one by one, then chewed them to pieces. Its crushing bite was simply too astonishing. It ate metal and Primordial Crystal was like it was eating jelly beans.

Zhou Wen didn’t idle either. He opened the boxes and saw that they were filled with Primordial Energy Crystals. He directly put them into his Chaos Bead, throwing chest after chest in.

These were all worth money. Zhou Wen was used to being poor, so he had never seen so many valuables before. He just kept moving them into his Chaos Bead.

It wasn’t that he had never seen anything good, but all the good things were in-game. He couldn’t take them out no matter how good they were. These Primordial Crystals were good stuff that could be used in the real world. He could also sell them for a good price. He didn’t have to waste time grinding for any Companion Eggs or Primordial Energy Skill Crystals.

Now that he had money, he could buy them directly.

Previously, Zhou Wen didn’t know that there were so many Primordial Crystals stored here. He imagined that he would need to get Tyrant Behemoth to dig for ores, but to his surprise, the bureau had already dug them out and placed them there in chests.

If he had known this would happen, Zhou Wen would have come long ago. Why would he need to wait for Tyrant Behemoth to evolve? He could have emptied the area alone.

Tyrant Behemoth ate one chest after another while Zhou Wen moved chests into his chaos space. Both of them were busy at work.

Zhou Wen suddenly thought of a famous saying from a great person, "The people of labor are the most glorious."

Zhou Wen didn’t know how many chests he had stored in the Chaos Bead. In any case, apart from the ones he had moved into the Chaos Bead, the remaining were devoured by Tyrant Behemoth. He didn’t know what its stomach was made of, but after eating nearly a thousand boxes of Primordial Crystals, its stomach didn’t even swell up at all.

Seeing Tyrant Behemoth looking at him longingly, Zhou Wen subconsciously tightened his grip on his Chaos Bead. Then, he looked at Tyrant Behemoth and said, "This is a Primordial Crystal mine. There must be many more unmined deposits of Primordial Crystal ores outside. Let’s head out and eat the ones outside. You can eat as much as you want."

Tyrant Behemoth seemed to understand what Zhou Wen was getting at. His eyes were as bright as light bulbs. With a roar, he slammed his head against the ground.

No matter how excited you are, you shouldn’t be hitting your head? Foodies really lack brains, Zhou Wen thought.

However, to his surprise, Tyrant Behemoth crashed into the ground of the warehouse. The horns on his head spun, opening a huge hole in the rock before burrowing down.

Zhou Wen hurriedly followed it. Tyrant Behemoth drilled for some time before it suddenly widened its mouth. It began to directly bite down on the rocks. Only then did Zhou Wen realize that the surrounding rocks had already shown signs of Primordial Crystal ores. They looked like sparkling stars.

Zhou Wen had never seen Tyrant Behemoth use the Mountain Consuming skill in combat. Now, he had truly witnessed it for himself. The skill wasn’t used for fighting, but for eating. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Tyrant Behemoth’s mouth was like a black hole as it swallowed the rocks mixed with the Primordial Crystal ores. It was like a miniature black hole.

Zhou Wen was already satisfied with obtaining so many Primordial Crystals, so he allowed Tyrant Behemoth to devour the Primordial Crystal ores.

Shen Yuchi was currently in Cai Jin’s office. The Primordial Crystal mine was the economic lifeline of the bureau. Shen Yuchi had told Cai Jin that no one could take a piece of the Primordial Crystals from here without him being here in person.

In order to purchase the Aurora Pith, he had to use some of the Primordial Crystals in the reserves. It just scratched the surface of the reserves, so Shen Yuchi was not worried about any future financial problems.

With the Primordial Crystal mine backing him, even if he couldn’t obtain any funding for ten years, the bureau could still lead a comfortable life. Furthermore, the six families definitely wouldn’t stop funding the bureau next year. After all, many descendants of the six families were working there. Even if he didn’t want their money, they would definitely give it to him in the future.

"Cai Jin, it’s been hard on you to guard the Primordial Crystal mine for all these years." Shen Yuchi had always thought highly of Cai Jin. Although he wasn’t the most powerful of the four Censors, he was the most reliable one. He was meticulous and had been guarding the Primordial Crystal mine for so many years without any mistakes. He was very cautious and professional.

"Director-General, you’re too polite. This is simply my job," Cai Jin said in neither a supercilious nor obsequious manner. He knew Shen Yuchi’s temper. If he acted overly proud and arrogant, it would probably earn Shen Yuchi’s displeasure.

"Yes. Wait for another two years and the position of deputy director-general will be open. I plan to recommend you to take over the position," Shen Yuchi said.

"Thank you for your grooming." Cai Jin was truly happy.

The four Censors were very famous, but in fact, they were working under Shen Yuchi. However, becoming the deputy director-general was different. That put him in the ranks of having actual authority.

Just as Shen Yuchi was about to say something, an inspector suddenly knocked on the door and entered. He reported, "Sir, there’s news from the guards at the canyon entrance that someone has infiltrated Don’t Cry Valley."

"Do you know who it is?" Cai Jin’s expression didn’t change much. Over the years, various factions had sent many people to try to pry into the situation of the Primordial Crystal mine, but all of them failed. He had seen such situations aplenty.

"I don’t know. That person was too fast and they weren’t able to see him clearly. However, the surveillance camera captured the person. They printed the photo and brought it here." As he spoke, the inspector handed a few photos to Cai Jin.

After Cai Jin received them, he directly handed them to Shen Yuchi with both hands. With Shen Yuchi around, he naturally had to let him see them first.

Shen Yuchi looked at the photos and saw that the person was covered in stone-like armor. He couldn’t see his face clearly at all. However, the stone armor looked a little familiar to him, but he couldn’t recall where he had seen it before.

"Cai Jin, what’s your take?" Shen Yuchi pushed the photo in front of Cai Jin. He still trusted him immensely.

After taking a look at the picture, Cai Jin couldn’t tell who the person was, but he didn’t panic either. He said with a smile, "I’ve planted a lot of Companion Beasts in the bamboo forest. Those Companion Beasts were dimensional creatures that dropped in Don’t Cry Valley. They aren’t influenced by its mysterious powers. They are also difficult for the average person to notice. Even if someone discovers a few, it’d be impossible to find all three hundred of them. As long as a Companion Beast discovers them, I’ll sense them and be able to confirm his location. Now, none of the Companion Beasts have reacted, it means that the person hasn’t gone deep into the bamboo forest. Or should I say, he might have already died under the mysterious forces of Don’t Cry Valley."