Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 46: Small Buddha Temple

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

Ding!

In the Underground Buddha City dungeon of the game, Zhou Wen slew countless Buddha Heart Lotuses before a Buddha Heart Lotus Crystal dropped.

He was somewhat disappointed. After spending the entire night grinding—with the dawn approaching—not a single Buddha Heart Lotus Companion Egg had dropped. The dimensional crystals he obtained were useless, with only the Buddha Heart Lotus Crystal being of some use.

Li Xuan hadn’t informed Zhou Wen what Primordial Energy Skill the Buddha Heart Lotus had. However, from the lotus seeds it shot out, it was likely a projectile-type Primordial Energy Skill.

Mortal stage Primordial Energy Skills basically didn’t have the ability to project their Primordial Energy outwards. This was limited to a small number even at the Legendary stage.

Even for a projectile-type Primordial Energy Skill, only the use of a physical projectile could be used at the Mortal stage. There was no way to condense the Primordial Energy into a projectile.

Zhou Wen directly absorbed the Buddha Heart Lotus Crystal and quickly a strange force traveled from his phone into his body.

The force of the Buddha Heart Lotus Crystal was different from the crystals he had previously absorbed. Its force was extremely mild like a spring’s warm water infusing his body. It slowly flowed through his body before gushing into his heart. It strengthened his heart, making it beat with greater strength.

‘Absorbed Buddha Heart Lotus Crystal. Attained Primordial Energy Crystal Heart Meditation (Rank 7).’

Zhou Wen tried using Heart Meditation and found a warm stream flow out of his heart into every corner of his body. Other than giving him a warm and fuzzy feeling, there was nothing else.

No wonder Li Xuan only said that Buddha Heart Lotus Companion Beasts are awesome, but he didn’t mention the Buddha Heart Lotus’s Primordial Energy Skill. It’s really useless. Zhou Wen didn’t mind as he continued ordering the Mutated Skeleton Ant to slay the Buddha Heart Lotuses.

As he was having a great time killing them, he suddenly heard a boom. The pond water nearby spewed hundreds of feet high as a gargantuan Buddha Heart Lotus with petals having a sitting Buddha tore out of the water.

Before the Mutated Skeleton Ant could react, the blood-colored Buddha Heart Lotus had shot out more than ten blood-colored lotus seeds at it. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Knowing that the Mutated Skeleton Ant wasn’t afraid of the corrosion, Zhou Wen ordered it to rush forward against the torrent of seeds.

When they struck the Mutated Skeleton Ant, they blasted open, releasing the blood within. They flowed everywhere across its body but failed to deal any damage.

The Mutated Skeleton Ant dashed towards the blood-colored Buddha Heart Lotus and when it was about six meters away, it leaped up, inward slashing its razor-sharp claws at the flower bud.

Based on Zhou Wen’s observations, the Buddha Heart Lotus itself wasn’t very powerful. Even if it was a Legendary stage creature, the Mutated Skeleton Ant had a chance of cleaving off its bud based on the Strength and talent skill it had.

With the Mutated Skeleton Ant right in front of the Buddha Heart Lotus, the Buddha Heart Lotus suddenly spread its petals open like a bizarre mouth and devoured its aggressor. The petals then contracted, turning into a closed bud.

Almost at the same time, Zhou Wen saw the system’s notification of the Mutated Skeleton Ant’s death.

Indeed, when the petals spread open again, the Mutated Skeleton Ant was nowhere to be seen. There weren’t any remnants of its bones.

What a terrifying Buddha Heart Lotus. Zhou Wen couldn’t help but sigh.

Without the Mutated Skeleton Ant, Zhou Wen lacked the ability to enter the lotus pond to attempt killing the Buddha Heart Lotus. Although his Companion Beast could be revived in-game, it could only be revived together with the blood-colored avatar. This also meant that when Zhou Wen revived the blood-colored avatar with a drop of blood, his Companion Beast would also revive.

But as the blood-colored avatar was still alive, sending it to its death for nothing would be quite a waste.

Looking at the map Li Xuan had given him, he controlled the blood-colored avatar and sent it to the restricted zone carved out by the military. Since death was required, he might as well visit to figure out the mystery.

In the ancient, dark, and moist Underground Buddha City, there were crumbling walls everywhere. There was also plenty of sand and gravel that tumbled across the ground.

Zhou Wen saw a stone bridge when he approached the restricted zone on the map.

Typical stone bridges had flowers, grass, birds, or beasts patterned on the bridge railings. But this bridge had several colored, flying fairies.

They were in the form of young women as their clothes fluttered in the sky while they danced. It was a staggeringly beautiful sight.

Comparing it to the map, Zhou Wen quickly confirmed that the restricted zone was just after the bridge. The soldiers had died mysteriously on the other side of the bridge.

Zhou Wen was only gaming, so he naturally didn’t have many apprehensions. He controlled the blood-colored avatar to step onto the bridge.

He didn’t discover anything abnormal, it seemed an extremely normal stone bridge. The blood-colored avatar easily crossed and arrived at the other side.

Across the bridge, it’s original appearance could no longer be identified. Boulders filled both sides, leaving a narrow path among the rock that was enough for a single person’s passage.

There was a faint flickering of flames at the end of the rocky path. It was likely an illumination object such as a fire torch or oil lamp.

Zhou Wen carefully observed the path but didn’t discover anything abnormal. He then controlled the blood-colored avatar to walk in and head toward the light.

The passage gradually headed up and it was then that Zhou Wen realized that there were stone steps at his feet. However, due to the mud and rubble, the steps had been hidden.

After walking for a while, he saw the stone steps exposed outside.

He didn’t encounter any danger despite walking hundreds of meters. However, he didn’t let down his guard as he kept observing the stone walls and the steps beneath him.

But nothing happened at all. Instead, the flaming light gradually turned clear. With it, he could barely make out a grandiose entrance.

The entrance had a plaque that was rather old and damaged. The red paint had mostly faded and the text was already very blurry. At this distance, it was impossible to see what the words were.

Zhou Wen controlled the blood-colored avatar to approach the entrance. Shortly after, he finally saw the words: ‘Small Buddha Temple.’

What’s Small Buddha Temple? Zhou Wen was somewhat surprised. He had heard of Grand Buddha Temple, but he had never heard of Small Buddha Temple.

While he was in thought, he suddenly saw the game screen turn black—clearly, the blood-colored avatar had died.

How did it die? He couldn’t help but frown. He had been staring at the blood-colored avatar the entire time, but he didn’t see how it had died.

After dripping his blood to revive, he sent the blood-colored avatar to the Underground Buddha City. He made the first stop at the lotus pond and spawned the blood-colored Buddha Heart Lotus, only to have the Mutated Skeleton Ant killed again.

The blood-colored avatar then headed to Small Buddha Temple, but it once again died mysteriously at the stone steps in front of the entrance. Zhou Wen had watched very carefully with widened eyes, but he failed to see how the blood-colored avatar had died under his nose.

However, Zhou Wen shared the same feeling when the blood-colored avatar died. At that instant, he felt all his organs suddenly contract.