Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 451 Invisible Clothes

When Zhou Wen found Li Xuan, he was sitting alone in the garden, dazed.

Zhou Wen heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that Li Xuan was fine. He walked over and asked with a smile, "What’s wrong? What are you doing here alone?"

Li Xuan turned his head and looked at Zhou Wen, his eyes somewhat different from before.

"Zhou Wen, I want to become stronger, stronger than anyone else," Li Xuan said to Zhou Wen. Zhou Wen had never seen Li Xuan look so serious.

Even when he was betrayed by Jiang Hao and Xu Miantu, Li Xuan had only smiled and said that he would make Li Mobai pay the price.

However, this time, Zhou Wen felt that Li Xuan was really different.

"What happened?" Zhou Wen asked Li Xuan.

Li Xuan didn’t answer but asked Zhou Wen, "If I become a devil one day, will we still be friends?"

"I won’t let you become a devil," Zhou Wen said seriously.

Li Xuan laughed. "No, I won’t become a devil. I’ll use my own means to change this world."

Zhou Wen realized that Li Xuan was really different. Ever since he had returned from the birthday celebration, Li Xuan had seriously begun cultivating.

Li Xuan had excellent talent and although he had been very hardworking in the past, his frequent mantra was striking a balance between work and rest. But now, whenever Li Xuan had the time, he would drag Zhou Wen to train with him. Zhou Wen could clearly sense that Li Xuan was rapidly improving.

Furthermore, Li Xuan condensed a Life Soul, something that surprised Zhou Wen. This was because Li Xuan had said that it might take him years to condense a Life Soul, but he seemed to achieve it overnight.

Furthermore, Zhou Wen felt that something was amiss with Li Xuan’s Life Soul. It was slightly different from his Invincible Connate Divine Art’s attributes.

However, no matter how Zhou Wen asked him, Li Xuan refused to say anything.

Zhou Wen constantly grinded dungeons and sought out the weakness of Mythical creatures in the temple, but he didn’t make much progress.

In the Special Investigation Bureau’s headquarters, Shen Yuchi was looking at a photo.

In the photo was a person wearing stone armor. There was only a side profile and his body was covered in stone armor. He couldn’t tell what the person inside the armor looked like.

"Director-General, he’s here." Cai Jin’s voice sounded from outside.

"Bring him in," Shen Yuchi put down the photo in his hand and said calmly.

Cai Jin quickly brought the person in and became even more respectful towards Shen Yuchi. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Cai Jin had lost all of the Special Inspector Bureau’s assets. He originally imagined that he would be killed, he did not think Shen Yuchi would not even punish him. He had even transferred him back to the Special Investigation Bureau and restored him to his former position and job. This made him both grateful and uneasy.

"Old Shen, why are you in such a hurry to find me?" An elderly man wearing a Primordial Trapping Lock followed behind Cai Jin and sat on a chair opposite Shen Yuchi.

"I want to know who the person in the photo is." Shen Yuchi pushed the photo to the old man.

The old man took a look at the photo before curling his lips. "Although my Life Soul can take form, you do know that it has great limitations. It’s not something that can be used casually. It will decrease my lifespan."

"Find him and you’ll be free," said Shen Yuchi.

The old man’s eyes immediately lit up. He stared at Shen Yuchi and asked, "Aren’t you afraid that the Cape family will cause you trouble if you let me leave Heaven?"

"I want to know who this person is," Shen Yuchi said calmly without answering.

"Alright, deal." The old man extended his hand.

Shen Yuchi nodded slightly. Cai Jin went forward and opened the Primordial Trapping Lock on the elder’s body.

The old man’s hunched body suddenly straightened, making him look much taller. He reached out to pick up the photo, his eyes filled with energy. His eyes seemed to have magical powers as a magical beam shot out from within and landed on the photo.

As the light in the elder’s eyes shone, the figure in the photo seemed to come to life as though it was struggling to walk out of the picture.

Shen Yuchi and Cai Jin stared intently at the photo, waiting for the figure in the photo to walk out.

"Ah!"

Suddenly, the old man let out a tragic cry as his eyes burst open. Blood splattered everywhere on the table. He covered his eyes and cried out in pain. Shen Yuchi and Cai Jin’s expressions changed drastically.

On campus, Zhou Wen felt his Sigh of the King spontaneously appear, but it only lasted a split second before vanishing again.

Strange, what happened? Zhou Wen was alarmed and puzzled, but he had no idea what was happening.

After waiting for a while and not sensing any further abnormalities of the Sigh of the King, Zhou Wen continued his research.

During this period of time, he had been constantly fighting the snake in the temple. He had basically figured out the snake’s abilities. Zhou Wen still had ways to deal with its other abilities, but he was unable to do anything about the snake eye’s mirror image.

Unless I can infinitely teleport or become invisible to prevent the snake from seeing me; otherwise, it’s impossible to dodge that gaze. It’s still impossible to teleport infinitely now, but I can think of ways to obtain an invisible Primordial Energy Skill. Zhou Wen knew that there were indeed Primordial Energy Skills that allowed for invisibility.

However, invisible-type Primordial Energy Skills were extremely rare. Few were willing to sell them. Therefore, even if someone were to sell them, they were often sold at astronomical prices.

Zhou Wen had plenty of Primordial Crystals on hand. He could afford them even if they had sky-high prices. More importantly, it wasn’t convenient for him to sell the Primordial Crystals at present.

While Zhou Wen was fretting over this matter, An Sheng contacted him to express that the Sunset Army wanted to buy his Primordial Crystals.

Puzzled, Zhou Wen asked, "Why do you want the Primordial Crystals?"

An Sheng said, "Although Primordial Crystals and Primordial Gold have the effect of killing dimensional creatures, the characteristics are different. The problems involved are very simple. I’ll just give an imperfect analogy. If it’s only Primordial Gold, we can only make them into firearms, but if we add in Primordial Crystal, we will be able to produce laser guns. Of course, it’s not that simple, but that’s the general gist of it."

"I can give you the Primordial Crystals. I don’t want money either, but I have a request," Zhou Wen said.

"Speak."

"I want a Primordial Energy Skill that can make me invisible. It needs to be at least Epic stage." Zhou Wen gave his request.

"There are too few Primordial Energy Skills that provide invisibility. They can only be obtained by chance. If you just want an invisibility ability, a very good opportunity has recently opened up. There’s a Companion Egg in a West District auction. That Companion Beast has the ability to make one invisible. However, the price will be very high. There are many competitors as well. You have to be mentally prepared," An Sheng said.

"What Companion Beast is that?" Zhou Wen asked.

"The Mythical Companion Beast, Invisibility Cloak," said An Sheng.