Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 459 Seven-Second Battle

A purple bell appeared in Zhou Wen’s hand as he waved it at the black dragon. The billowing black smoke was sucked into the bell.

The black dragon was somewhat taken aback, but it immediately charged towards Zhou Wen with its mouth agape, hoping to devour him.

Zhou Wen waved the bell in his hand. As black poison smoke spewed out from the bell, he redirected it to the black dragon. At the same time, he used Ghost Steps to rapidly move away.

Two seconds! Zhou Wen counted inwardly.

The black dragon entered the poisonous smoke and temporarily lost its vision. In its rage, it let out a roar that sounded like a thunderclap. The shockwave scattered the poisonous smoke and didn’t stop. The shockwave continued rushing towards Zhou Wen’s body.

The roar was an area-of-effect attack. There was no place for him to dodge. Zhou Wen could only fend off the strike and activate the Inverse Ancient Sovereign Life Soul while using the Demon Dragon True Body. When he was done, the shockwave had already arrived in front of him.

Boom!

Zhou Wen raised his fists to defend himself. He was thrown back by the force from the shockwave, his legs plowing deep marks that were dozens of meters long.

The black dragon seemed to sense something and stopped pursuing Zhou Wen. It turned around and attempted to charge back.

Zhou Wen knew that An Sheng had entered the range of the golden apple tree and had attracted the black dragon’s attention. It was returning to protect the golden apple.

Zhou Wen naturally couldn’t let it leave, otherwise, An Sheng’s life would be in danger. Seeing that the black dragon was about to fly away, a purple beam flew over from the side and struck the black dragon’s wings.

The purple light was a short purple-copper ancient sword. The black dragon’s scaly wing was sliced open by the purple-copper ancient sword.

Well done. Zhou Wen saw the Demonic Neonate expressionlessly hiding in the grass with the scabbard in her arms. After the ancient sword injured the black dragon, it flew towards the grass.

Roar! The dragon roared angrily. It had never suffered such damage before. Its wings had been injured, so it didn’t rush back in rage. It transformed into lightning and charged at Zhou Wen, planning to devour him first before returning to protect the golden apple.

The black dragon was so fast that its massive figure couldn’t be seen. Only a black lightning bolt was seen crossing the void. It was unbelievably fast.

However, Zhou Wen was already used to such speeds. He grinded the Mythical creature every day. Although the snake was slightly slower than the black dragon, it wasn’t that much slower. As for the other Mythical creature, it was faster than the black dragon.

Zhou Wen remained calm as he charged into the sea with a burst of terrifying speed with his Demon Dragon True Body.

In the sky, he wasn’t the match for the black dragon, but in the seawater, a winged dragon couldn’t be as agile as him. The pair of huge wings became an obstacle in its underwater movement.

Seeing Zhou Wen rush into the water, the black dragon hesitated for a moment and chose not to chase after him. It looked like it was about to turn around and return to the golden apple tree.

Three seconds! As Zhou Wen counted, he tore out of the water surface and switched back to Slaughterer. He held the banana fan and fanned the black dragon three times.

The three Grand Yin Winds stirred up huge waves as they swept towards the black dragon in the sky. One wave after another struck its body, while the Demonic Neonate hid and sent the ancient sword for another attack. They attacked the black dragon one after another.

The black dragon had been injured by the ancient sword, so when it saw the purple beam flying towards it and the waves rushing towards it, its ferocity was triggered. The black gas around it surged as its body emitted a metallic sheen. Another two pairs of wings appeared on its back, turning it into a black six-winged dragon. Black flames burned on its body as its six wings flapped. The black flames erupted like a volcano, blocking the Grand Yin Wind as the ancient sword was sent flying.

The black six-winged dragon, that looked like devilish, burned with black flames in its eyes as though it had come from a devilish abyss. It suddenly swooped down and its speed increased once again. It had reached an unbelievable level that Zhou Wen couldn’t even react in time. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

They didn’t manage to force the dragon to produce such change in their previous probes, but Zhou Wen had been prepared for accidents. He was mentally prepared.

At the instant the black six-winged dragon charged into the sea, Zhou Wen had used the Lost Country to teleport away.

Boom!

The surface of the sea exploded with waves reaching several hundred feet high. The gigantic black six-winged dragon charged into the sea. Its black flames remained burning in the sea, completely unaffected by the seawater. Instead, large amounts of seawater evaporated.

Lost Country’s teleportation had a limited distance range. After Zhou Wen teleported, he was sent flying by the shockwave from the black six-winged dragon’s charge into the water. Blood oozed out of his ears, eyes, mouth, and nose, and his bones almost seemed like crumbling.

When the black six-winged dragon discovered Zhou Wen, it immediately charged over. It remained very fast, but it wasn’t as indiscernible as before. Clearly, the water’s resistance had created quite a problem for it. Behind it was surging white foam, a result from the flapping of its three pairs of wings.

Zhou Wen knew that the more bubbles there were, the greater the resistance it experienced. Immediately, he switched back to the Inverse Ancient Sovereign state. The Demon Dragon True Body worked with the Nine Dragons Art as he constantly darted about in the water, dodging the attacks of the black six-winged dragon.

Four seconds! Zhou Wen felt like it was an eternity. The Demon Dragon True Body had greatly increased his expenditure of Essence Energy, but in such a battle, it was impossible for him to switch back. If he slowed down, he would definitely be devoured by the black six-winged dragon.

After failing to catch up to Zhou Wen several times, the black six-winged dragon once again flew into a rage. The scales on its body stood up as though it was an angry fowl. Suddenly, the scales bloomed like lotus flowers.

Countless scales flew in all directions and sliced through the seawater, instantly appearing in front of Zhou Wen.

There were just too many scales. With nowhere to dodge, Zhou Wen gritted his teeth as he gripped the Overlord Sword and Bamboo Blade and forcefully slashed down.

The Overlord Sword and Bamboo Blade slashed at the scales of light. With the strength of the Demon Dragon True Body, he managed to shatter the two scales in front of them. However, the scales behind them bombarded him like artillery.

Zhou Wen tried his best to brandish his blades to block, but he was still unable to do so. Scales of light streaked across his body and immediately sliced through the Mutated Stone Chi’s armor. They even sliced through the flesh and bones inside as blood instantly dyed the seawater red.

Zhou Wen flew backward, leaving a long pool of blood in the sea like a blood dragon.

Five seconds! The Demon Dragon True Body automatically lost its effect. Zhou Wen could only switch back to Slaughterer. Although his Essence Energy instantly recovered, his injuries remained.

And he didn’t have the chance to switch back to Demon Dragon True Body. This was because the black six-winged dragon had already torn through the seawater and charged forward like a primordial beast. If Zhou Wen switched back to the Inverse Ancient Sovereign and used the Demon Dragon True Body, his body would stiffen for an instant. It would be enough time for the black six-winged dragon to kill him several hundred times.

Forcefully activating Sigh of the King, a powerful force filled his body, but it also made his injured body feel even more painful.

Without fighting the black six-winged dragon, Zhou Wen used all his strength to rush out of the sea like a cannonball with Ghost Steps. He continued in midair and headed for the beach.

The Sigh of the King lasted for a limited period of time. Zhou Wen’s body couldn’t withstand such immense strength. It wouldn’t be enough time to kill a Mythical creature in battle. If the Mythical creature didn’t die, he would explode to his death.

The black six-winged dragon charged after him. Its speed immediately soared in midair. Despite Zhou Wen using the Sigh of the King, the gap between them rapidly shrank.

The dragon roar sounded from behind. Zhou Wen could already hear the terrifying shockwave surge behind him.

Zhou Wen held the Overlord Sword and slashed out with the Demonic Astral Wheel. With the augmentation of the Sigh of the King, the blood-red sword beam sliced through the shockwave and struck the black six-winged dragon’s head.

The black six-winged dragon flapped its wings and dodged it. Even it felt apprehensive fending off the Demonic Astral Wheel that was augmented by the Sigh of the King. It didn’t use its body to withstand the blow like before.

After dodging the Demonic Astral Wheel, the black six-winged dragon engaged in pursuit. However, to its surprise, the Demonic Astral Wheel spun back and struck the wings on its back. Immediately, a hole tore open on its wings as dragon blood immediately gushed out.

With Ever-Victorious cooperating with the Sigh of the King, even the black six-winged dragon couldn’t remain uninjured.

However, such a wound was nothing to the black six-winged dragon. It only served to make it crazier as it chased after Zhou Wen like a lunatic.

Six seconds! Zhou Wen continued counting.

Suddenly, a loud shriek sounded from the golden apple tree. Zhou Wen knew that An Sheng had succeeded. This was the signal he had succeeded.

Zhou Wen desperately tried to escape, but the black six-winged dragon closed in.

Zhou Wen held the banana fan in his hand and fanned at the black six-winged dragon, but all he could do was slow it down.

In the darkness, the Demonic Neonate controlled the ancient sword to stab at the black six-winged dragon, but this time, it didn’t dodge and continued pursuing Zhou Wen crazily.

The ancient sword stabbed into its neck, and the blade fully sank into its flesh. However, the black six-winged dragon seemed to have lost all feeling as it continued the chase.

As for Zhou Wen’s body, he couldn’t withstand the power of the Sigh of the King. His bones nearly shattered from the pressure, and his eyes, ears, mouth, nose, and wounds kept spurting out blood.

Damn it! Zhou Wen realized that he couldn’t escape the berserk black six-winged dragon.

I’m going to risk it! Zhou Wen gritted his teeth. He knew that he was really going all out this time as a desperate measure. Otherwise, he would definitely die today.

An Sheng grabbed the golden apple and rushed over frantically, but he was too far away. It was too late.

The enraged black six-winged dragon chased after Zhou Wen when he suddenly stopped. He held the sword and saber in each hand. He unleashed the Sigh of the King’s powers completely, ignoring the possibility of blasting apart his body. He slashed his saber and sword at the black six-winged dragon.

Transcendent Flying Immortal produced sword flashes and saber flashes that constantly flashed, transforming into streams of light that streaked across the black six-winged dragon’s body.

The black six-winged dragon roared at the sky as its six wings flapped crazily and blocked Zhou Wen’s blade beams like a devilish blade.

Boom!

Zhou Wen’s body flew out like a pellet and slammed into the mountain wall a thousand meters away. He left a huge hole in the wall as half the mountain wall shattered and collapsed.

On the other side, four of the six wings of the black dragon had been severed. One and a half wings remained attached to its back—only one was intact.