Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Chapter 480 A Personal Hero

Although the people who followed Lucas were basically young people from the Peninsula of Gods, it was precisely because of this that they knew how terrifying Medusa was.

Many people had witnessed Medusa wreaking havoc in the city with their own eyes. Countless innocent citizens had been harmed, and so many Epic experts were mercilessly killed by Medusa.

Even though no one had fought Medusa before, they knew that this legendary demoness was definitely at the Mythical stage.

Now that Medusa had actually been killed, they were both surprised and happy.

Many people left comments to ask Lucas if Medusa had really been killed. Many people also asked who the man that killed Medusa was and who the sword-wielding man was.

Then, this photo and Lucas’s caption spread across the Internet at the speed of light, triggering a tsunami-like discussion.

There were two main points to the discussion. One was the authenticity of the picture, while the other was the identity of the sword-wielding man. Lucas’s personal page was about to crash from the traffic. Everyone was waiting for Lucas’s reply.

However, Lucas didn’t read the messages. After posting the photo, he and Barbara landed on the island together.

"Haha, I knew you could do it. You are a great hero like me, Lucas. You saved our city." Lucas went forward and gave Zhou Wen a firm hug.

"I’m not as great as you." Zhou Wen wasn’t mocking him, but speaking from the heart.

Lucas knew that it was impossible, but he did what he could do. Although there was a slight accident, it hadn’t been his intention.

"One day, you will surpass me." Lucas looked confident as he patted Zhou Wen’s shoulder and said, "Quick, go and take a look at your spoils of war. That’s the reward you deserve and also the medal of a hero."

Zhou Wen rolled his eyes inwardly. He was clearly just digging through a corpse for treasures. Why did it sound so righteous when Lucas put it that way?

Zhou Wen didn’t stand on ceremony. This was a Mythical creature he had risked his life to kill. He naturally wouldn’t let it go.

Soon, Zhou Wen found a dimensional crystal in Medusa’s corpse. There was Medusa’s shadow in the dimensional crystal. Clearly, it was a Essence Energy Skill Crystal.

"Old friend, you’re really lucky to have obtained Medusa’s Essence Energy Skill Crystal. Come, let me take a picture of you and upload it online with the photo from just now. Let them witness the moment of heroism." As Lucas spoke, he was about to use his phone to take a picture.

"What did you say?" Zhou Wen hurriedly stopped Lucas and glared at him.

"I said take a picture and upload it online. This is your heroic history," said Lucas.

"No, what do you mean by the photo from just now?" Zhou Wen asked again.

"It’s this. I just took a picture of you and uploaded it online. The response is pretty good. You will soon become a famous hero..." Lucas opened his personal page and showed the picture to Zhou Wen as though he was showing off.

Zhou Wen looked at the number of replies—it was already more than sixty thousand, and it was still increasing. His face immediately turned livid.

"Quick, quickly delete the photo." Zhou Wen was truly anxious.

The Special Inspector Bureau and six families didn’t know that he had advanced to the Epic stage. If they were to find out that he had advanced to the Epic stage and had even killed a dimensional creature like Medusa, they would only be more careful when sending people to make trouble with him in the future. The people they sent would also be more powerful. Wouldn’t that be giving him trouble?

"Why should I delete it? Isn’t this good?" Lucas asked in puzzlement.

"I don’t want to be a hero, much less become famous. Lucas, you mustn’t tell anyone about what happened today. Don’t let others know that I killed Medusa, alright?" Zhou Wen also knew that deleting it was useless. This picture had probably been reposted countless times.

He took a closer look at the photo and realized that it was only a back view of him. Furthermore, because the Overlord Sword reflected the sunlight, it was almost impossible to see the blade clearly. Even his back was affected by the light, so it wasn’t easy to recognize him.

"Although I don’t know why you have such a strange request, as your friend, I respect your decision. Do you still want me to delete this picture?" said Lucas.

"Forget it." Zhou Wen shook his head. If he were to delete it now, it would only result in the Streisand effect.

Zhou Wen looked at Barbara and asked, "Missy, can you help me keep this secret?"

"No." Barbara shook her head.

"Barbara, he’s my friend..." Lucas said anxiously.

Barbara took out a notebook and pen from her chest and handed it to Zhou Wen. Blinking her eyes, she said, "It’s fine if you want me to keep it a secret for you, but you have to sign an autograph for me."

"Why do you want my autograph?" Zhou Wen frowned slightly.

He still remembered Ják’s matter and wouldn’t easily sign things.

"Silly, because you are her hero," Lucas said with a laugh as he patted Zhou Wen’s back.

Zhou Wen only realized that he was overthinking when he saw Barbara’s flushed face.

"I can give you an autograph, but don’t tell anyone about this, okay?" Zhou Wen took the notebook and pen and signed his name on it.

"Sure." Barbara received the notebook and carefully looked at Zhou Wen’s signature. Then, she carefully closed it and hugged it in her arms. She thought in joy, Of course I’ll keep it a secret for you. Only I know that you’re the hero who killed Medusa. Only I have your autograph. This is a secret between my personal hero and me.

"Are you going back with us?" Lucas asked Zhou Wen.

"It will be inevitable for people to suspect me if I go back with you." Zhou Wen didn’t choose to go back with them, not only because of the reason he gave. He still wanted to enter the island to see if the six-winged dragon was dead.

If it was dead, there might be something like a crystal left behind. It would be best if he could obtain a Companion Egg.

Even if nothing was left, it was not bad to pick another golden apple.

However, Zhou Wen remembered that the golden apple had just borne previously, so it likely wasn’t ripe yet.

After Lucas and Barbara left, Zhou Wen entered the dimensional zone through the pool and went to the apple tree to take a look. The golden apple had only just grown and was still far from being ripe. It was probably useless if he plucked it now.

Without finding the ruins of the six-winged dragon on the island, Zhou Wen arrived near the sea where it fought Medusa. He summoned the silver water snake and made it search for it to see if he could find anything.