Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 481 True Mythical Companion Beas

As soon as the silver water snake entered the ocean, it merged with the seawater, as if it had disappeared.

Zhou Wen made it search the bottom of the sea. After a while, he saw the silver water snake crawl out of the sea with something in its mouth.

Zhou Wen saw that it looked like a black pineapple without leaves. On careful look, he realized that it was an egg covered in scales.

The black six-winged dragon’s egg? Zhou Wen was overjoyed.

The silver water snake handed the egg to Zhou Wen. Zhou Wen looked at it using the mysterious phone. It was indeed a Mythical Companion Egg.

Six-Winged Guardian Dragon: Mythical

Life Providence: Guardian Dragon

Life Soul: Wings of Black Flame

Wheel of Destiny: The Last Guardian

Strength: 69

Speed: 68

Constitution: 68

Essence Energy: 65

Talent Skill: Poison Breath, Dragon’s Rage, Hell Demonic Flame, Six Wing Slash.

Companion Form: Demonic Flaming Dragon Wings

A true Mythical Companion Beast! Zhou Wen was surprised and delighted. This was the first time he had seen a true Mythical Companion Egg.

The Companion Beasts he had now only had the potential of being Mythical, but none had truly advanced to the Mythical stage. The one closest to the true Mythical stage was Demonic Neonate, but her stats were too low. She needed to grow again; otherwise, she could only release her flying sword from afar and not participate in any head-on combat.

This Six-Winged Guardian Dragon was a true Mythical creature. If it could hatch, it would undoubtedly raise Zhou Wen’s strength greatly.

With it, the chances of Zhou Wen defeating the Mythical Creature in the temple were much higher.

The Essence Energy requirement must be very high, but my Slaughterer has the ability to have unlimited Essence Energy. I should be able to hatch it, right? Zhou Wen thought as he used the mysterious phone to snap the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon egg into his phone before letting the blood-colored avatar attempt to hatch it.

The incubation went surprisingly smoothly. After activating Slaughterer, the blood-colored avatar easily hatched the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon. Its tattoo appeared on his back.

Zhou Wen excitedly summoned the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon. The feeling of seeing a black dragon appear in front of him was indescribable.

However, the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon that appeared in front of Zhou Wen only had two dragon wings. It wasn’t in its six-winged form.

After Zhou Wen made it use its Life Soul, the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon took on the six-winged form, and its strength increased greatly.

After getting the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon to use all its skills, Zhou Wen realized that the fellow’s skills weren’t complete. It had fewer skills than the real Six-Winged Guardian Dragon, but these four skills were enough.

What Zhou Wen was more concerned about was its Wheel of Destiny. The Demonic Neonate also had the Wheel of Destiny, but it was written "One Spin" without any annotations.

However, the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon was different. Behind the Wheel of Destiny was the "The Last Guardian," and there was also an annotation.

The Last Guardian: Miracle of Life Ward.

Although it had an annotation, Zhou Wen still didn’t understand what it meant. He got the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon to demonstrate it, but it couldn’t. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Regardless, having his first true Mythical Companion Beast made Zhou Wen very excited.

Riding on the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon, Zhou Wen circled the sky and realized that it wasn’t as comfortable as he had imagined. This fellow’s flying state was too violent and wasn’t stable at all. Riding it was like riding a wild, unbridled horse. The feeling wasn’t good.

From the looks of it, it’s not that great an experience when the legendary Dragon Knights in the West District ride dragons. Zhou Wen unsummoned the dragon and glanced at the golden apple that hadn’t ripened. In the end, he gave up the thought of plucking it and left the mysterious dimensional zone.

After returning to the Peninsula of Gods, he quickly contacted An Sheng.

"You were the one who killed Medusa, right?" An Sheng had clearly seen the photo online and asked directly.

Zhou Wen recounted the situation. An Sheng wasn’t as excited as Lucas and company. He said to Zhou Wen solemnly, "Young Master Wen, you only have one life. Furthermore, it doesn’t only belong to you. I hope you won’t use your life to do such dangerous things again."

"I originally only wanted to lure Medusa away. I never expected that I couldn’t lose her no matter how hard I tried. In the end, I was forced by the circumstances," Zhou Wen explained.

"This absolutely mustn’t happen a second time. Forget it, I’ll quickly take you back. I can’t let you stay outside any longer. It’s only been a few days, but you nearly died twice. I’ll let you return to school where you attend classes and game," An Sheng said.

"Has the ban on the Peninsula of Gods been lifted?" Zhou Wen asked.

"After Medusa escaped, the Peninsula of Gods was already in chaos. What’s the use of the ban? That thief has probably left the Peninsula of Gods long ago, so there’s naturally no need for them to continue the ban." An Sheng paused before saying, "Quickly come back. I’ll go book the flight tickets now."

When Zhou Wen returned to the hotel, An Sheng didn’t say anything else. However, he booked the earliest ticket to leave the Peninsula of Gods. They could leave tomorrow morning.

When Zhou Wen was resting, he unlocked his phone to look at Lucas’s personal page. The comments below the picture had exceeded 200,000. The latest messages were asking who the hero was.

This was because Lucas had confirmed Medusa’s death after his return. Now, they only wanted to know who killed Medusa.

Thankfully, there was only his back view in the photo, and because of the light, it wasn’t very clear. Even An Sheng had relied on guessing. It was impossible for him to recognize Zhou Wen with this photo. No matter how many times the Special Inspector Bureau guessed, it was probably impossible to think of him. After all, in the bureau’s eyes, he was still a student who hadn’t advanced to the Epic stage.

This photo was not only popular on the Peninsula of Gods, but even the Federation’s brass had noticed it.

After all, Medusa had really appeared. Such a creature was undoubtedly at the Mythical stage. They paid close attention to people who could kill Mythical creatures.

It wasn’t impossible for someone in the Federation to kill Mythical creatures. At least, there were such people in the six families. However, that was only because they relied on Mythical pets. Furthermore, there weren’t many of them. Each family only had a few capable of such feats.

Now that a person who could kill Mythical creatures had suddenly appeared, it naturally attracted the attention of many factions. It wasn’t just the six families. The powerful bigshots in many places were guessing who this person was and whether he was from the six families.

However, few people knew the answer. The next morning, An Sheng took Zhou Wen to the airport.

Zhou Wen sat in the departure hall while An Sheng went to the bathroom. As he was texting Lucas to bid him farewell, someone walked to the chair behind Zhou Wen and sat down.

Zhou Wen didn’t notice the person, but after he sat down, he leaned against the back of the chair behind Zhou Wen. The back of his head bumped into Zhou Wen’s hair.

Zhou Wen frowned slightly. Just as he was about to lean his head forward and not get too close to him, he heard a voice behind him. "It looks like you’ve been doing pretty well recently."