Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 489 Divine Armamen

This fellow is an Epic creature. He’s actually able to withstand a few consecutive strikes from the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon. How impressive is his defense? What’s the light pattern on his body? A skill? Life Providence? Or Life Soul? Zhou Wen’s interest was piqued as he began searching for the Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior in the Metalwork Temple.

Luckily, this type of Epic Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior was not rare. However, it was only found in the nearby area, and behind it was a square. There were quite a number of Runic Heavy-Armored Warriors on the square, and behind them was a strange building half embedded in the mountain wall.

The building was completely made of metal. It looked like half a huge metal ship was embedded in the mountain wall. Above the building was a metal statue holding a forging tool. It must be the god of metalworking.

These Runic Heavy-Armored Warriors were guarding the nearby temple.

Seeing that there was no other path, Zhou Wen knew that the strange metal palace was probably the end of the Metalwork Temple. He wasn’t in a hurry to enter, so he searched outside for Runic Heavy-Armored Warriors to hunt.

There were only about a hundred Runic Heavy-Armored Warriors in the vicinity. It wasn’t that easy to have a Companion Egg drop. Zhou Wen was already mentally prepared to grind a few more times, but with the Lucky Baby Tiger and Fortune Goldfish’s double augmentation in luck, he actually managed to get a Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior Companion Egg drop.

Zhou Wen hurriedly checked the stats of the Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior and was overjoyed.

Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior: Epic

Life Providence: Heavy-Armored Warrior

Life Soul: Blessed Combat Runes

Strength: 36

Speed: 29

Constitution: 37

Essence Energy: 34

Talent Skill: Fist of War, Rampage, Heart of Enrage.

Companion Form: Heavy Armor

From the looks of it, those magma-like patterns should be his Life Soul, Blessed Combat Runes. Furthermore, he also has the skill, Rampage I wonder if this fellow can fuse with the Three-Eyed Golden Warrior. If he can fuse into a Companion Beast with the Golden Body Life Providence and Blessed Combat Runes Life Soul, I wonder if the defense will improve greatly when he’s in armor form? Zhou Wen didn’t have any Three-Eyed Golden Warriors at the moment, but ordinary Golden Warriors had the Golden Body Life Providence as well. He might not necessarily need to use a Three-Eyed Golden Warrior.

He put the Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior together with the Golden Warrior and checked their compatibility. He discovered that their compatibility was 76.

Without much hesitation, he chose to fuse them. With a bang, the Companion Egg and the Golden Warrior burst into smoke. The fusion failed.

Zhou Wen was immediately taken aback. He found it unbelievable that the fusion had failed despite a compatibility score of 76. Furthermore, he had two lucky pets with him. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"From the looks of it, the Goddess of Luck will occasionally have some hiccups," Zhou Wen muttered to himself.

Thankfully, Golden Warriors and Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior weren’t rare. One was at the Legendary stage while the other was at the Epic stage, so it was relatively easy to grind them. However, Zhou Wen had killed all the Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior in the area. He needed to drip blood to respawn them.

Zhou Wen didn’t respawn immediately. Instead, he walked towards the Metalwork Temple. He wanted to see what was inside.

The metal hall’s door was very heavy. Zhou Wen controlled the blood-colored avatar to use all his strength before pushing open a crack.

A warm surge rushed out from the temple. It nearly made an Epic expert like Zhou Wen feel like he was about to be roasted.

He quickly used the Inverse Ancient Sovereign Life Soul to make himself feel better. Then, he slowly pushed open the metal door and looked into the temple.

There was a huge furnace in the main temple. Above the furnace was a golden trident. It was indescribably majestic, as if it was a divine item from Heaven.

Golden Trident? Zhou Wen had heard of such a weapon.

Legend had it that the weapon of Poseidon was a trident. It was a divine armament that controlled all the seas in the world and possessed the power to destroy the world.

Poseidon relied on the power of the trident to release a huge flood that could destroy the world in an attempt to compete with the Goddess of Wisdom for the control of the land.

There were all sorts of legends about the origins of the trident. One legend claimed that the trident was a divine armament forged by the god of metalworking.

Of course, Zhou Wen didn’t know if the golden trident was Poseidon’s trident. Furthermore, in the legends of other religions, the trident represented the devil, Satan’s weapon because its prongs were one long and two short. It was very similar in characteristics and was considered a symbol of evil.

This was the temple of the god of metalworking, so it likely didn’t have anything to do with Satan. Zhou Wen felt that the possibility of the former was higher. Even if it wasn’t Poseidon’s trident, it should be a rather good weapon.

As Zhou Wen was pondering over it, he saw the golden trident emit a powerful golden divine light. The flames in the furnace also rose crazily, turning the entire temple into a sea of flames.

The flames were extremely terrifying. With Zhou Wen’s physique, he was unable to withstand them and was about to be burned to death.

The baby tiger was in an even worse shape. It died in the flames and was burned to ashes.

The Fortune Goldfish and the Fire Furnace Queen were not afraid of flames at all, and the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon Guardian appeared as if nothing had happened.

They weren’t afraid, but Zhou Wen couldn’t afford not to be. With a thought, the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon transformed into six flaming wings and appeared behind the blood-colored avatar. The flames on the dragon wings resisted the surrounding flames, giving Zhou Wen a lot of benefits.

The silver water snake was summoned as well. It spat out a stream of water to fight against the surrounding flames. Unfortunately, its water jet was obviously weak. The moment it came into contact with the flames, it evaporated immediately. It was useless.

Zhou Wen was just about to try pulling out the golden trident when he suddenly saw the furnace shake. The golden trident flew out of the furnace and pointed at the blood-colored avatar.

Boom!

A golden beam shot out from the trident, melting the entire temple into a golden beam like the sun. Zhou Wen saw that the screen was filled with golden light. He couldn’t see anything. By the time the screen recovered, it had already darkened. Clearly, the blood-colored avatar was already dead.

What the hell? Zhou Wen was somewhat depressed. He had been instantly killed. If he had known, he wouldn’t have made the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon transform into dragon wings. With the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon in front of him, it shouldn’t have been that easy to be instantly killed.

Zhou Wen was just about to respawn with a drop of blood and enter the game when he heard the few people who had been resting nearby walking towards them. He couldn’t help but look up.