Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 50: Incubation Failure

Translator: CKtalon Editor: CKtalon

The Silver-Winged Flying Ant’s thin waist didn’t snap. It didn’t even show signs of being injured. However, after it flew several meters away, its waist suddenly seemed to bend. Its upper body drooped down as though it lacked the strength to prop it up. After staggering for a while, it collapsed to the ground due to a lack of balance.

Zhou Wen was delighted to see this. He immediately controlled the blood-colored avatar to rush over to deliver another Ashen Palm strike, hitting the Silver-Winged Flying Ant’s head.

After this strike, Zhou Wen’s Primordial Energy was completely drained. He was unable to use Primordial Energy Skills again, but the effects of this strike were very evident. With the augmentation of the skeleton bracer and Ashen Palm’s cold, explosive might, it blasted apart the Silver-Winged Flying Ant’s head. Immediately, it began going in circles as it flapped its wings.

Seeing it still alive, Zhou Wen threw a few more punches. However, without any Primordial Energy left, he was unable to use Primordial Energy Skills. He relied only on his Strength and the augmentation of the skeleton bracer. However, he only managed to leave the Silver-Winged Flying Ant tumbling around without dealing any serious injuries to it.

However, the two Ashen Palm at full might were lethal. After the Silver-Winged Flying Ant slammed around randomly, it slowly stopped moving.

“Killed Legendary creature, Silver-Winged Flying Ant. Discovered Silver-Winged Flying Ant Companion Egg.”

Zhou Wen was taken aback, having never expected a Companion Egg to drop. Although the chances of a Companion Egg dropping were significantly higher for Legendary creatures, it was still a relatively low probability.

To have a Companion Egg drop on his first kill of a Silver-Winged Flying Ant was sheer good luck.

However, with this happening, Zhou Wen could only make a bet. A Legendary Companion Egg required plenty of Primordial Energy during incubation. He wasn’t necessarily capable of incubating the egg successfully.

Zhou Wen’s only advantage was to use the game character to incubate. Even if he failed, it only led to the game character’s death and nothing to do with him. However, he didn’t know if the Companion Egg would still exist in such circumstances.

Can’t this darn game have a backpack? Let me store the Companion Eggs or dimensional crystals that I pick up in an inventory instead of having to use them immediately. Zhou Wen’s grumblings were in vain. He still got the blood-colored avatar to pick up the Companion Egg. Otherwise, the Companion Egg would no longer be there once the dungeon refreshed if his in-game character were to die.

However, he didn’t pick it up immediately. He did some grinding on the Vigor Ants and used the dropped Primordial Energy Crystals to replenish his Primordial Energy. Only then did he pick up the Silver-Winged Flying Ant Companion Egg.

‘Silver-Winged Flying Ant and Mutated Skeleton Ant have a compatibility score of 21%. Silver-Winged Flying Ant and Mutated Vigor Ant have a compatibility score of 11.1%. Proceed with fusion?’

They are all ants, so why is the compatibility so low? The system’s notification left Zhou Wen speechless.

Without having the intention to change his mind, Zhou Wen chose ‘no’ before letting the Companion Egg enter the incubation mode.

Hum!

Zhou Wen felt all his meridians tremble vigorously as his Primordial Energy was instantly drained, leaving not one bit behind. He felt as though he was about to die.

He felt a burning pain that seemed to come from an explosion across his back and couldn’t help but spew out a mouthful of blood.

Boom!

Without any surprises, the blood-colored avatar in-game exploded to its death, turning the screen black. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Indeed, even with a 10-valued Primordial Energy limit as a Mortal, using that to incubate a Legendary Companion Beast is still too demanding. Besides, the Silver-Winged Flying Ant isn’t an ordinary Legendary. Zhou Wen felt a little stifled. He had long steeled himself for the worst possible outcome, so he wasn’t too disappointed.

When he dripped a drop of blood and relaunched the game, he couldn’t help but widen his eyes when he looked at the stats of the blood-colored avatar.

The other stats hadn’t changed, but in the Companion Beast entry, there was an additional “Silver-Winged Flying Ant.”

It actually managed to be incubated... Zhou Wen was overjoyed. He hadn’t held any hope, so he was surprised to see the Silver-Winged Flying Ant appear in his Companion Beast entry.

He hurriedly checked on the Silver-Winged Flying Ant’s stats. He was rather expectant of it. Other than having a slightly weaker Constitution, it was unlikely to have any other weakness.

More importantly, the Silver-Winged Flying Ant’s body shape could perhaps be used as a mount.

Also, with the Silver-Winged Flying Ant as a Legendary Companion Beast capable of flight, he could now attempt to kill the blood-colored Buddha Heart Lotus.

However, when Zhou Wen saw its stats, he was taken aback. He took quite some time to recover.

Silver-Winged Flying Ant: Legendary (Larva State)

Legendary Life Providence: King of Low Altitudes

Talent Skill: Silver Wing Flash

Companion Form: Wings

Strength: 12

Speed: 14

Constitution: 10

Primordial Energy: 11

Ignoring everything else, its stats were clearly too weak. Among Legendary Companion Beasts, it was the weakest kind. It was even inferior to the Skeleton General and could even be said to be much worse.

The Silver-Winged Flying Ant shouldn’t be this weak. Could it be because it couldn’t finish the incubation? Does this Larva State mean that it still has room for growth? Zhou Wen thought about it as he summoned the Silver-Winged Flying Ant.

A silver glow appeared on the back of the blood-colored avatar before a silver flying ant flew out. The moment it appeared, Zhou Wen saw how different it was.

This Silver-Winged Flying Ant he had incubated was at least half the size of the Silver-Winged Flying Ant he had killed.

The Silver-Winged Flying Ant was bigger than a Vigor Ant to begin with and about the size of a Mutated Vigor Ant. But now, it was only about half the size of a Vigor Ant.

This size was definitely unsuitable for riding as it was just too small.

Zhou Wen tried turning the Silver-Winged Flying Ant into its Companion Form and saw a silver light flash. Four silver transparent wings appeared on the back of the blood-colored avatar.

However, the wings looked a little too small, extremely disproportionate to the blood-colored avatar’s size. It left Zhou Wen wondering whether such small wings could lift the blood-colored avatar.

He made an attempt and the four silver wings actually managed to allow the blood-colored avatar to fly. The speed was not bad and allowed for nimble maneuvering. However, the wings didn’t allow him to fly high. Its maximum height didn’t surpass twenty meters.

Zhou Wen then had a serious look at the Silver-Winged Flying Ant’s Life Providence’s and Talent Skill’s introduction.

King of Low Altitudes: Has tremendous air superiority, but can only fly at low heights. A king when it comes to low-altitude flight.

Silver Wing Flash: Significantly boosts flying speed for a short period of time.

Silver Wing Flash was as Zhou Wen expected. However, the Legendary Life Providence title of King of Low Altitudes left him depressed. This creature couldn’t fly high.

From the looks of it, I can only count on the Silver-Winged Flying Ant maturing. Otherwise, with such stats, it’s unlikely to hold much of an advantage over any Legendary creature. I shouldn’t even pin my hopes on it to kill the blood-colored Buddha Heart Lotus. I’m just curious what needs to be done to allow the Silver-Winged Flying Ant to mature, Zhou Wen thought.

While Zhou Wen was pondering over the matter, the Silver-Winged Flying Ant’s Companion Beast interface produced a system notification: Silver-Winged Flying Ant is currently in a hungry state. Proceed with feeding?