Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 494 You Can“t Be Like This, Okay~

What should I do? Is there a way to restore my human body? Zhou Wen tried all kinds of methods, but he remained a cat. His body structure was completely different from before. He couldn’t use the Essence Energy Art or various Companion Beasts he had cultivated in the past. What else could he do?

The antelope and chick looked at him with interest. The antelope even used its hooves to rub his head as though it was comforting him, but Zhou Wen could see the smile in its eyes.

The chick bounced around him, sticking close to him as though it wanted to compete with him to see who was taller. However, when the chick stood, it was actually slightly taller than Zhou Wen when he was on all fours. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

No, I have to think of a way to recover my human body. Zhou Wen used his paws to hide his phone and the bracelet which had the Chaos Bead embedded before walking towards the dormitory’s door.

Looking at this world from the perspective of a cat, his view was obviously much lower. Even the dormitory door was very large in his eyes.

Zhou Wen leaped up and tried to grab the handle to unlock the door.

In the past, jumping to such a height was trivial. However, even when reaching his paws to the limit, he was still quite a distance away from the door handle. His body then fell to the ground.

Zhou Wen landed on the ground and used all his strength to leap up once again. Only then did he jump up and open the door handle.

Although he was used to walking with two legs, if other students and teachers in school saw a cat walking with two hind legs, it would probably spell trouble.

Therefore, Zhou Wen could only sprawl on the ground and walk like a cat. Although it wasn’t a problem for a cat to walk like this, Zhou Wen felt extremely uncomfortable walking in such a manner.

After exiting, Zhou Wen planned on heading to the chancellor’s office. Most people probably wouldn’t be able to resolve his current situation. Therefore, he wanted to find the chancellor of Sunset College, Leng Zongzheng.

He had heard that Leng Zongzheng was good at dispelling illusions, Zhou Wen felt that it was impossible for him to turn into a cat, so he suspected that it was just an illusion.

Zhou Wen thought to himself, At the very least, I’m a student at the school. I don’t think Leng Zongzheng will leave me in the lurch, right?

However, Zhou Wen had no confidence in Leng Zongzheng’s ability to turn him back into a human. He only wanted to try his luck.

Just as he walked to the yard, Zhou Wen heard the door to the building next door ring. He hurriedly hid in the bushes and peeked at the yard next door.

Wang Lu walked out with two trash bags in her hands. It looked like she was going to throw the trash out.

Zhou Wen didn’t want anyone who knew him to know that he had turned into a cat. Be it Li Xuan or Wang Lu, they would definitely mock him for a long time.

Furthermore, as a cat, he didn’t have any clothes on him. Although he had fur, he still felt uncomfortable when people he knew saw him. Therefore, he didn’t contact Li Xuan and company.

Although Zhou Wen knew that Wang Lu probably couldn’t recognize him as a cat, it was better to be careful just in case.

After Wang Lu left, Zhou Wen prepared to leave in another direction. He planned on taking a detour to the chancellor’s office using the old school district behind Four Seasons Garden to avoid encountering so many students and tutors.

Although he had become a cat, Zhou Wen couldn’t tolerate having others looking at him with him being naked.

The yard’s door was locked from the inside. Although Zhou Wen could jump up and open the door, it was too eye-catching. He looked at the wooden fence in the yard and then at his body. Zhou Wen felt that it wasn’t difficult for his body to crawl out. Although he looked a little plump, most of it was fur.

Zhou Wen came in front of the wooden fence and chose a relatively large gap. He extended his head out, and there was a perfect outcome. Without any pressure, his head squeezed out.

As he continued squeezing his body, his stomach ended up stuck. Something seemed to have hooked his fur. If he tried to force his way through, he would feel a little pain.

"Poor kitty. Where did you come from? Why are you here?" Zhou Wen was about to squeeze back when he heard a familiar voice.

Not good! Zhou Wen immediately felt uncomfortable when he heard the voice. For some reason, Wang Lu had returned.

Zhou Wen struggled to retreat back into the yard, but he didn’t know what caught the fur on his belly. He couldn’t retreat even if he tried. His belly felt like it was about to be ripped apart.

"Poor little guy, why are you so stupid?" Wang Lu squatted down and pressed down on Zhou Wen. Then, she reached out her other hand to help him remove a wire he had been entangled with. This allowed Zhou Wen to escape before finally squeezing out.

Zhou Wen wanted to leave, but he was being carried by Wang Lu. "Although you look like a stray cat and aren’t an expensive breed, you look quite pretty. Wanna come back with me?"

Zhou Wen struggled with all his might, trying to escape Wang Lu’s demonic claws. After struggling to free himself, he landed on the ground and immediately ran away.

"Strange. That cat actually rejected me?" Wang Lu was slightly surprised. She never expected the cat to be so difficult to get along with. She had a much easier time with the stray cats she had encountered in the past.

Zhou Wen ran out of Four Seasons Garden as though he was fleeing for his life. Only after running for a long distance did he slow down. He felt exhausted. This was the first time in his long cultivation that he had felt this exhausted.

I have to recover my human body as soon as possible. Zhou Wen continued walking forward. Before long, he saw a few ferocious tigers blocking his way.

No, they should be described as fierce cats blocking the way.

At the corner of the building in front, four cats walked out and glared at Zhou Wen as though warning him not to enter their territory.

The four cats were a lot bigger than Zhou Wen. Furthermore, Zhou Wen found them familiar. On careful look, he recalled that they were the ones that Gu Dian secretly fed.

Zhou Wen still remembered that one of them was named Little Mei. Her body was pure white, with only an orange-red fur growing on her forehead. She looked very striking.

However, when Zhou Wen first saw her, she was still a tiny kitten. Now, she was already about the same size as her mother, a size bigger than the present Zhou Wen.

"I’m just passing by. I definitely have no intention of snatching your territory, nor do I have any intention of offending you." As Zhou Wen spoke, his voice turned into meowing. He slowly walked to the side, wanting to circle around them.

"Meow!" Little Mei and company didn’t care much as they pounced forward, wanting to deal with the intruder, Zhou Wen.

Holy sh*t, are you really treating me, a sleeping tiger, as a cat!? Zhou Wen was depressed as he prepared to fight.

Although he was now a cat and had lost all his strength, his reaction and various techniques were still present. Under the combined attacks of the four of them, he was still as brave as ever. He used his sleek movements to restrain the four cats and then tore out of them one by one. His little paws gave them a beating, causing them to mew in pain.

"Haha, want to fight me? Now, do you know who’s the real king here?" Zhou Wen beat the four cats up badly. He even used his paw to press down on Little Mei. Just as he was feeling smug, he suddenly felt the skin on his back being grabbed by someone. Then, he heard a familiar voice.

"You can’t be like this, okay~"