Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 499 Musical Fountain Square

Zhou Wen picked up his phone and started the Music Temple dungeon.

He had come once before, but because the first part of the journey was only filled with Legendary-level Musical Note Sprites, Zhou Wen felt that it was meaningless to continue grinding.

He never expected there to be such a good item like a Sun Beast in the Music Temple. Now, he was in urgent need of a mirror-type Companion Beasts, so he rushed in without any hesitation to grind the Sun Beast.

According to the online information, Zhou Wen knew that a dimensional creature like a Sun Beast was actually very rare in Music Temple. Only one would occasionally appear. Basically, very few people saw two or more Sun Beasts appear in the Music Temple at the same time.

Moreover, the Sun Beast was not the real boss of Music Temple. It was said that in the deepest part of the music hall, there was a lyre. Anyone who had seen the lyre would die.

Zhou Wen found it very contradictory. Since the people who had seen lyre were all dead, how could anyone know that there was a lyre?

Therefore, sometimes, legends were just legends. They couldn’t be taken at face value.

Zhou Wen didn’t plan on finding the lyre. After entering Music Temple with his pets, he ran towards the area mentioned online. He wanted to see if there were any Sun Beasts in-game.

Legend had it that the Sun Beast’s body was glowing like a small sun. One could see it from afar and it would usually appear at the musical fountain square in Music Temple.

Zhou Wen ran all the way to the musical fountain square. With the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon and Fire Furnace Queen leading the way, Zhou Wen killed many of the Musical Note Sprites and had many crystals and Companion Eggs drop.

Zhou Wen realized that there were a total of seven types of Musical Note Sprites. Furthermore, each of them only had one Essence Energy Skill which were all different.

Although they were different, the effects were similar. They were all sound blasts. They didn’t seem too different to Zhou Wen.

In the beginning, Zhou Wen didn’t mind, but as he killed them, he found it interesting.

These sound wave attacks formed a blast through the vibrations of the medium and superimposed waves. The seven different sound waves formed different shock waves. This intrigued Zhou Wen as he hatched some Musical Note Sprites. As he rode on Six Wing’s back and constantly advanced, he was studying the sound wave attacks of the Musical Note Sprites.

After killing countless Musical Note Sprites, he finally arrived at the musical fountain square.

In the huge square, there were seven fountains. The fountains did not continuously spray water pillars, but seemed to follow the music. They were rhythmic jets that shot to varying heights, not even shooting upwards at times. It looked very interesting.

And in the musical fountain square, there were Musical Note Sprites floating everywhere. They were colorful and had wings as they danced in the air. They were similar to the colorful paper used at Chinese weddings, but there were more of them.

The Six-Winged Guardian Dragon roared as demonic flames erupted from its body. Instantly, a large number of Musical Note Sprites were killed. However, the musical fountain square was quite large and there were Musical Note Sprites everywhere. Very quickly, new ones rushed over.

As he got his Companion Beast to kill the Musical Note Sprites, Zhou Wen looked around to find the Sun Beast.

However, after scanning the entire square, he didn’t see the legendary Sun Beast that resembled a miniature sun. Instead, a strange dimensional creature attracted Zhou Wen’s attention.

Ever since he entered Music Temple, the dimensional creatures he saw were all kinds of Musical Note Sprites. There were probably seven types.

However, the dimensional creature he saw this time wasn’t a Musical Note Sprite. It was a Golden Harp, but it didn’t look like metal. Instead, it was carved out of wood. There were gorgeous, exquisite patterns on it.

The last time Zhou Wen went to the Peninsula of Gods, he had learned about the various musical instruments. He had seen huge harps.

However, the harp in front of him was very small. It was about the same size as a violin. Furthermore, it had a pair of wings like the other Musical Note Sprites. It also had a pair of resplendent golden wings.

Sensing Zhou Wen’s Companion Beasts wreaking havoc on the musical fountain square, the strings on the harp moved automatically, producing melodious sounds.

Although its music was beautiful, it sounded a little monotonous. Zhou Wen didn’t notice any offensive sound waves. In other words, it wasn’t attacking him.

However, in the next second, Zhou Wen discovered a strange scene.

With the sound of the harp, countless Musical Note Sprites started to arrange themselves in a regular pattern on the square. They also produced sounds that seemed to respond to the playing harp.

Hum! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The countless Musical Note Sprites in the music square seemed to form a resonance as they emitted a massive sound wave. The power of the sound wave was able to instantly kill a powerful Epic creature like the Fire Furnace Queen and White Shadow of Poison. Their bodies were instantly obliterated by the sound wave.

Even the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon retreated a few steps back under the impact of the sound waves. The demonic flames on its body flickered continuously.

Roar! The Six-Winged Guardian Dragon flew into a rage and let out a furious roar. The demonic flames on its back rose and turned into four wings, making it enter the six-winged state. It spat out poisonous breath that transformed into a terrifying tidal wave in a bid to eliminate all the Musical Note Sprites.

The strings of the harp kept sounding, and the entire musical fountain square’s Musical Note Sprites resonated with it, sending out terrifying sound waves to resist the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon’s Poison Breath.

The mighty Six-Winged Guardian Dragon was actually held back by the sound wave attack. Under the vibrations of the sound waves, Poison Breath was torn apart. The Six-Winged Guardian Dragon’s body seemed to be moving in the opposite direction, unable to move forward.

As for the blood-colored avatar, it had already retreated out of the musical fountain square under Zhou Wen’s control and transformed into the Demon Dragon True Body. Only then could he withstand the sound wave’s attack.

Zhou Wen wasn’t alarmed but delighted because he saw a possibility.

There were the most Legendary dimensional creatures, so their Companion Eggs dropped the most. However, no matter how many Legendary Companion Eggs there were, even if they could form an army, their actual combat strength wasn’t high.

This was because the suppression from absolute strength was redoubtable. Even if there were thousands of Skeleton Soldiers, they wouldn’t be able to kill an Epic human.

Therefore, low-level Companion Beast legions were basically useless against powerful dimensional creatures.

However, the Golden Harp and the Musical Note Sprites were actually able to combine their powers to fight against the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon. This was rather impressive.

There are so many Musical Note Sprites in Music Temple. The chances of Companion Eggs dropping aren’t low either. If I have the ability of the Golden Harp, would I be able to form an army of Musical Note Sprites? Zhou Wen thought.