Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chapter 500 Golden Harp

The Six-Winged Guardian Dragon was actually unable to gain the upper hand despite clashing with sound waves head-on. It was forced back by the sound waves again and again, unable to charge forward.

However, those sound waves were unable to harm the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon. They could only temporarily hold it back.

Every time the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon launched an attack, a portion of the Musical Note Sprites would be quaked to death. As the number of Musical Note Sprites decreased, the sound wave also weakened.

It was only a matter of time before the harp and the Musical Note Sprites were defeated.

Zhou Wen didn’t think the Golden Harp was useless because of this. After all, the Musical Note Sprites that it had gathered were only at the Legendary stage. If a large number of Epic-level Musical Note Sprites could enter its ranks, the sound waves produced wouldn’t be that simple. As long as sufficiently strong ones were included, it might be possible to defeat a Mythical creature.

Zhou Wen wasn’t in the mood to wait for the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon to defeat it. He secretly summoned Demonic Neonate and she found an opportunity to secretly release her flying sword.

The flying sword flew through the air during the gap in the sound waves, slicing the Golden Harp in half. After all, it was only at the Epic stage. Without the resonance power of the musical notes, it was unable to block Demonic Neonate’s flying sword.

’Killed Epic creature, Golden Harp. Discovered Companion Egg.’

Zhou Wen was delighted. He never expected his luck to be so good today. A Companion Egg dropped in his first try.

After losing the conformity provided by the Golden Harp, the hundreds of thousands of Musical Note Sprites were reduced to a leaderless mob. They were no longer able to fight the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon. The Six-Winged Guardian Dragon charged forward and killed large numbers of Musical Note Sprites amid the raging demonic flames. Many crystals and Companion Eggs dropped.

Due to the massive numbers killed, even if the drop rate wasn’t high, many Companion Eggs would drop.

Zhou Wen controlled the blood-colored avatar and picked up the Companion Eggs of the Golden Harp and the ordinary Musical Note Sprites, choosing to hatch them.

In a short while, Zhou Wen hatched more than a hundred Musical Note Sprites. Seven tiny musical symbols appeared on his left arm. Each of the music symbols had a saturated color.

The same Companion Beast would have a tattoo in the same spot. It would overlap, and the more there were, the more saturated the color of the tattoo.

The stats of the Musical Note Sprites were mostly the same. All of them only had sound wave techniques, so there wasn’t much of a difference. Therefore, Zhou Wen didn’t look at them carefully and focused on the stats of the Golden Harp.

Golden Harp: Epic

Life Providence: Symphony of Fate

Life Soul: Spirit of Music

Strength: 32

Speed: 39

Constitution: 31

Essence Energy: 40

Talent Skill: First Movement of the Symphony of Fate.

Companion Form: None

Zhou Wen couldn’t help but be delighted when he read the various information regarding the Golden Harp. Its ability wasn’t as simple as just coordinating the Musical Note Sprites. As long as it was a music-type power, it could add it to the fray.

If Zhou Wen could obtain a large number of high-level music-type creatures, Epic or even Mythical creatures, in the future, and then combine them with the power of the Golden Harp, the amount of power he could unleash was unimaginable.

From this point of view, although the Golden Harp was only at the Epic stage, its value was probably higher than some Mythical creatures.

Of course, the premise was that Zhou Wen had enough music-type Companion Beasts to work with the Golden Harp. Otherwise, its strength alone was considered at the bottom of the Epic creatures. After all, the Golden Harp’s attack wasn’t strong. It could even be said to be very weak.

After obtaining the Golden Harp, Zhou Wen was in a good mood. He got the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon to continue killing the Musical Note Sprites. Now, he wasn’t in a hurry to find the Sun Beast. Hundreds of thousands of Musical Note Sprites on the square were wantonly killed by the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon. Zhou Wen followed behind to pick up the spoils.

After the musical fountain square was cleared, Zhou Wen obtained a total of more than two hundred Musical Note Sprites. The pitiful baby tiger had been killed when the Golden Harp unleashed its might. Otherwise, there would have been more.

There’s no hurry. There’s plenty of time to grind in the future. Sooner or later, I’ll be able to form an army. Without discovering the Sun Beast, Zhou Wen led the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon forward and entered the temple behind the square.

The moment he entered the temple, he saw a blob of light appear in the innermost hall. When the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon and the blood-colored avatar were seen, the blob of light that resembled a miniature sun immediately shot out a beam of light.

The Six-Winged Guardian Dragon didn’t hesitate to spit out a mouthful of demonic flames. When the light met the demonic flames, it didn’t shatter. Instead, it was reflected away by the demonic flames. Rays of light shone on the walls and pillars of the palace, causing green smoke to appear from the spot that was illuminated.

The demonic flames parted the beam and burned the Sun Beast’s body. Zhou Wen didn’t even see what the Sun Beast looked like before it was killed.

’Killed Epic creature, Sun Beast. Discovered Dimensional Crystal.’

Zhou Wen looked over and realized that it was only a 34-valued Strength Crystal. It was completely useless.

There were no other Sun Beasts or dimensional creatures in the temple. Zhou Wen circled around and left the temple before heading to the other buildings near musical fountain square.

On the other hand, he had found some other Musical Note Sprites and an Epic-ranked musical frog. It was able to emit sound waves and was extremely fast, but it was still easily dispatched by the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon.

After circling the buildings, apart from the Music Holy Temple which he hadn’t dared enter, Zhou Wen had nearly cleared the entire Music Temple. He didn’t find the Golden Harp or Sun Beast again.

Helpless, Zhou Wen had no choice but to leave the Music Temple dungeon and head to the Metalwork Temple to grind. He was rather lucky to obtain a Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior Companion Egg which he immediately hatched.

Now, Zhou Wen was still thinking of a way to obtain an armor-type Companion Beast.

The Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior and the Golden Warrior had a compatibility score of more than 70. The success rate was very high, so Zhou Wen wasn’t that unlucky the second time he fused them.

With the Legendary Golden Warrior as the main pet and the Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior as supplementary, he combined it into an Epic Golden Warrior.

Golden Warrior: Epic

Life Providence: Golden Evasion

Life Soul: Blessed Combat Runes

Zhou Wen was overjoyed when he saw the Life Providence and Life Soul. It was perfect—exactly what he wanted.

However, after looking at his stats, Zhou Wen frowned again. The stats of the Epic Golden Warrior were too low—27, 32, 29, 34. Its skills weren’t ideal either. It only had the Golden Bell and the Fist of War.

What should I use to fuse it again? Zhou Wen thought. The best fusion solution was naturally to obtain the Three-Eyed Golden Warrior’s Invulnerable Golden Body skill. This way, it could increase his stats and also possess a good skill.

With the Golden Bell and Invulnerable Golden Body, its defense could be improved.

The only problem was that the drop rate of the Three-Eyed Golden Warrior Companion Egg was similarly low.

Zhou Wen had been grinding dungeons recently. Every time he entered Music Temple, he would only encounter one Sun Beast. He also grinded the Metalwork Temple for Three-Eyed Golden Warriors.

As for the Golden Harp, he had not seen it since the first time.