Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 501 Peony Garden

In the huge Music Temple, only one Sun Beast would spawn every time. This made it much more difficult for Zhou Wen to obtain a Sun Beast Companion Egg. He had no choice but to sacrifice his blood to grind for one.

Thankfully, other than the Sun Beast, Zhou Wen could also farm rare dimensional creatures such as the baby tiger, the Elegant Emperor’s Avatar Puppet, the Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior, the Three-Eyed Golden Warrior, Mutated Overlord Snake, and so on.

Some Companion Beasts’ levels weren’t high, but their skills or Life Providences were very useful. If he farmed a few more, he might be able to use them when they were fused in the future.

While grinding for pets, Zhou Wen found a good place.

The place Zhou Wen found wasn’t in Sunset College, but a dimensional zone in Luoyang. It wasn’t very famous, and ordinary people seldom went there because there weren’t many dimensional creatures there. Furthermore, the drop rate was low, making it a chore.

Most people weren’t willing to go, but Zhou Wen felt that it was a good place. The dimensional zone that he had specially applied to go to was Peony Garden.

There was a legend in the region that the first empress of the East District had once ordered a hundred flowers to bloom after she got drunk in Chang’an to cheer her up.

The blooming season was different for a hundred flowers. However, due to the empress’s might, they had no choice but to bloom at the same time. The empress was elated to see this. However, she realized that amongst the hundred flowers, there was a flower that had yet to bloom. It was still standing amidst the hundred flowers with withered leaves. It was a peony.

The empress was furious and demoted the peony to Luoyang. However, who knew that the moment the peony reached Luoyang, it immediately bloomed with a beautiful rosy red color.

The empress got even more furious when she heard of this. She ordered for the peonies to be burnt. To everyone’s surprise, the peonies became even more beautiful amidst the flames.

It was said that this peony garden was the place where the empress demoted the peony.

Of course, that was only a legend. No matter how powerful the empress of the human world was, she couldn’t dictate the blooming of flowers. Therefore, it was still a mystery why Peony Garden could become a dimensional zone.

The peony flowers in the peony garden were dimensional creatures. In the past, there were people who wantonly reaped them. Unfortunately, peony flowers didn’t drop dimensional crystals or Companion Eggs. Eventually, no one came here to cut peonies.

There were two types of dimensional creatures that could be killed in the Peony Garden. One of them was a bee-type dimensional creature, while the other was a butterfly-type. However, there weren’t many of them, so it was rather troublesome to find them. They were all poisonous and didn’t drop any good items. Therefore, Peony Garden gradually lost its importance.

The reason Zhou Wen came to peony garden wasn’t to kill the bees and butterflies. It was because there were very few people here. Furthermore, it was said that there was an immortal root in Peony Garden that was the closest to nature.

Zhou Wen only wanted to come here to game. While gaming, he could also sense the flora and fauna. It could be considered a form of intimacy with nature. Perhaps he could gain a deeper understanding of the Dao Body and condense a Life Soul.

Condensing a Life Soul and advancing a Life Soul weren’t simple tasks. Not only did he need a lot of practice, but having perception and opportunities was also very important. He was temporarily stuck at advancing Slaughterer, the Inverse Ancient Sovereign, and Lost Country. All Zhou Wen could do was study the Dao Art and Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra.

He arrived at the peony garden and indeed, he saw a bunch of flowers. At a glance, there was a stretch of colorful flowers that extended for hundreds of kilometers. They were like a breathtakingly beautiful sea of flowers.

The beauty of peony gave people a sense of oppression. Some people felt that it was too beautiful, while others felt that it was a glorious beauty. Some even said that peony was the queen of flowers.

Zhou Wen didn’t know much about flowers. He only felt that the peony flowers were indeed beautiful. As they had transformed into dimensional creatures, the beauty of peony was even more shocking.

Zhou Wen walked into the garden and found a stone pavilion in the sea of flowers. As he sat in the stone pavilion, he gamed while taking in the flora and fauna.

The peony garden was indeed different from other dimensional zones. It was quiet and tranquil, and the fragrance of flowers was refreshing. Apart from the stunning beauty of the peony flowers, it was indeed a good quiet place.

However, Zhou Wen didn’t have any special insights. As he circulated the Dao Art, he gamed. He didn’t make any progress with the Dao Art, so he focused on gaming and didn’t think too much about it.

After playing for a few hours, he heard footsteps.

Zhou Wen originally didn’t plan on paying attention to them, but the footsteps approached his stone pavilion. He used Truth Listener’s ability to listen.

Two people came. One was a middle-aged man and the other was a twelve-year-old youth. The two of them were dressed in odd plain clothes. A robe was worn outside, and they did not look like locals.

The middle-aged man walked in front. The young man held a sheathed saber in his hand and followed behind the middle-aged man.

The two of them walked all the way to the stone pavilion. They didn’t walk very fast, as if they were taking a stroll and enjoying the scenery of Peony Garden.

To be honest, the peony was indeed beautiful, but there was a limit to being able to appreciate it. This was also why many people always found the grass greener on the other side.

It wasn’t because the things weren’t good, but because people were prone to change. They believed that what is rare is dear, and they didn’t know how to cherish all that they had seen.

The middle-aged man kept observing the peony flowers, but he still seemed to be in high spirits. He studied the peony flowers closely.

The youth’s temperament was clearly not as staid as the middle-aged man’s. After watching for a while, he found it boring, but he still followed behind the middle-aged man obediently. He did not cross the line and looked like he had a good upbringing.

"Teacher, there’s already someone inside this pavilion," the youth said in disappointment when they arrived in front of the stone pavilion.

However, the middle-aged man did not mind. He stood outside the pavilion and asked, "Young friend, can you let us rest for a while?"

"Of course. The stone pavilion is a common facility. You can use it as long as you want," Zhou Wen said.

After thanking him, the middle-aged man walked into the stone pavilion with the young man. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The youth carried a large box on his back. He put the box down and opened it before taking out a cloth and laying it on the ground. Then, he took out a small wooden table and some random items. It looked like a picnic, but the tools on the table looked like they were used for brewing tea.

The middle-aged man and the young man sat down at the small wooden table. The young man could make tea with those complicated tea sets.

"It’s fate that we meet. Young friend, if you don’t mind, why don’t you try our hometown tea?" the middle-aged man said to Zhou Wen.

"Thank you for your kindness. I’m not thirsty." After saying that, Zhou Wen continued gaming.

The middle-aged man didn’t mind either. As he drank his tea, he enjoyed the flowers. He looked rather pleased.

"Teacher, there are so many famous dimensional zones in Luoyang. Why do we have to come to peony garden? Even dimensional creatures are rare here. Is there anything special about this place?" The youth brewed a cup of tea and sat opposite him, asking the middle-aged man.