Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 517 Failure

An Sheng’s personal abilities were definitely top-notch at the Epic stage. However, even he couldn’t approach the scorpion. The scorpion’s speed was too fast. With a flap of its wings, it could easily fly hundreds of meters away. Even Zhou Wen probably couldn’t catch up to it easily with Ghost Steps.

After repeatedly resolving the blood-colored text of wind, fire, and lightning, An Sheng and company seemed to have found an opportunity to counterattack. With An Sheng’s command, the officers unleashed their strongest attack as terrifying forces struck the scorpion.

There was a sanguine flash on the scorpion’s back as a huge blood-red text appeared. It was like a shield that blocked their attacks.

With a series of crashing sounds, their forces were shattered, but the blood-colored barrier remained completely fine.

An Tianzuo, who had remained motionless all this while, finally made a move. Flames rose over his body, turning into a strange Life Soul.

The Life Soul’s entire body was covered in white armor. The armor was neither gold nor jade. It looked more like it was carved from bones.

Behind him was a blood-red cape. In his left hand was a slender bone saber covered in blood patterns. In his other hand was a gun made of bones.

That thing... It can’t be a Gatling, right... Zhou Wen looked at the weapon in the Life Soul’s hand. The bone gun barrel was connected to the recoil mechanism. It looked like an ancient hot weapon that was often seen in movies.

Just as Zhou Wen was pondering over it, he heard a terrifying boom. He saw the bone gun barrel shoot out blood-colored bullets like a storm.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Bullets rained down on the scorpion’s blood-red text barrier, causing it to flicker as though it could shatter at any moment.

Buzzing sounds could be heard as the bullets poured freely. The bloody text barrier of the scorpion shattered.

This was the first time Zhou Wen had seen someone’s Life Soul produce a hot weapon. Furthermore, its attack was crazy powerful. It could actually break through a Mythical-stage barrier.

Although it was only a rather weak Mythical creature, Zhou Wen had relied on Ever-Victorious’s characteristic to kill Medusa. His Life Soul alone wasn’t that powerful.

The bullet hit the scorpion’s body, instantly infuriating it. The wings on its back spread open, and there was a blood-red glow on its wings. Its entire body was covered in blood-red light, and the blood-red symbol at the tip of its tail appeared especially terrifying.

The blood text circled around the scorpion’s body and kept spinning, blocking the rain of bullets.

When the bullets struck the blood text, they created a terrifying explosive shockwave that blasted the surrounding forest into pieces.

"Activate the halo," An Sheng instructed the officers.

Two of the officers’ Companion Beasts shimmered with light as they enveloped An Tianzuo’s body. It caused An Tianzuo and his Life Soul’s bodies to emit two strange beams of light. The Gatling’s attacks became more ferocious as it pumped bullets at a denser and more powerful rate.

"Activate the curse." An Sheng also used an Essence Energy Skill when he issued the order. He produced a strange gray smoke that enveloped the scorpion.

The other officers also used various powers. Those powers did not have any lethality, but they had a slight effect on the scorpion.

Boom!

The scorpion was furious after being bombarded by the Gatling’s attacks. The blood-red text surrounding it exploded with a terrifying sanguine light. Almost instantly, it engulfed everything nearby.

"Retreat." An Sheng issued an order before the blood text exploded.

All the officers retreated with An Sheng in a great display of teamwork. Zhou Wen followed them and retreated, but he realized that An Tianzuo didn’t retreat.

The expanding sanguine light resembled a blood-colored black hole, devouring everything nearby. An Tianzuo was already standing at the edge of the blood hole, about to be devoured. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Zhou Wen was frowning when he suddenly saw An Tianzuo’s Life Soul vanish. As for An Tianzuo, he had a white bone armor and a blood cape. He held a bone saber in one hand and a bone Gatling in the other.

Just when the sanguine light was about to devour him, a black figure flew out from his body and landed on the bone blade. Instantly, a demonic black flame rose on the bone blade.

An Tianzuo raised his bone saber and slashed at the sanguine light in front of him. He managed to cleave open a rift as he charged in.

Gunfire roared and saber flames flashed. An Tianzuo fought the scorpion crazily. The madness was completely different from the usual An Tianzuo.

As for An Sheng and company, they constantly used various Essence Energy Skills from behind. They either aimed at An Tianzuo or at the scorpion. The only officer with the Ice Fox Life Soul and the ability to restrain the Slow Text was the busiest. They needed to constantly pump out damage to ensure that An Tianzuo’s region wasn’t affected by the power of the Slow Text.

Boom!

The scorpion’s body was sent flying by a backslash from An Tianzuo’s bone saber. An Tianzuo raised the Gatling with his hand. The black flames on the bone saber instantly shifted to the bone Gatling before enveloping it.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Bullets with black flames roared towards the scorpion in midair, causing its body to constantly distort and rise in the air. In the end, its carapace was cracked by the bullets, and more and more bullets shot into its flesh and blood. The black flames also burned its flesh and bones.

Boom!

The blood patterns on the scorpion shattered and fell like glass.

"Success!" An Sheng was overjoyed.

Without the protection of the blood patterns, the storm-like bullets bombarded the scorpion wantonly. The carapace of the scorpion was completely shattered and blood spurted out.

Just as the scorpion’s body was about to explode, a blood-red light suddenly erupted from its abdomen. A strange blood text surfaced, and the blood quickly spread over the scorpion’s body.

Boom!

The sanguine light exploded as its carapace and flesh transformed into a terrifying energy blast. An Tianzuo had no choice but to retreat.

At the same time the explosion occurred, a sanguine light from the scorpion’s body flew toward White Cloud Mountain at an unbelievable speed.

An Tianzuo’s body flashed as he chased in the direction of White Cloud Mountain.

"Damn it, that fellow actually has such a move!" An Sheng cursed under his breath as he chased with his men.

Zhou Wen chased after him as well. When they caught up to An Tianzuo, they realized that he was standing in front of the mountain entrance. The scorpion that had self-destructed was nowhere to be seen.

"Love Letter escaped into Jade Emperor Peak?" An Sheng had already guessed what was going on.

An Tianzuo nodded slightly. "We have failed. Let’s head back."

They knew that the scorpion was no longer able to survive; it was definitely on its last legs. As long as they could find it, even without An Tianzuo’s help, An Sheng could kill it himself.

However, no one dared to enter Jade Emperor Peak. No matter how strong a person was, entering would only lead to death. Even An Tianzuo could only return empty-handed.

Mythical creatures were precious, but they couldn’t trade for one with their lives.