Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 526 Figuring Out Flying Immortal

Strangely, the Cape family seemed to have a rather strange reaction towards John challenging Zhou Wen.

After some inquiries from the other families, even they didn’t know why John had challenged Zhou Wen.

“This matter is indeed a little strange. Xuan Yue, spectate the battle.” Xia Dongyue said to Xia Xuanyue.

“Is it necessary?” Xia Xuanyue asked in doubt.

“Just take it as a vacation.” Xia Dongyue smiled.

The reactions of the families were somewhat different. After investigations, they discovered that John wasn’t challenging Zhou Wen because of the Cape family’s ploy. It was just John acting as an individual. This reduced the attention on the matter.

Xia Xuanyue packed her stuff and headed to Luoyang.

Ever since she lost her Mythical Companion Beast, Xia Xuanyue hadn’t been doing well. The Xia family had a higher chance of obtaining a Mythical Companion Beast than the average person thanks to the possession of a Mythical Companion Beast.

However, it still wasn’t easy to obtain another Mythical Companion Beast. Even the Xia family needed a lot of investigation time before killing a Mythical creature. They needed to be fully prepared before sending their experts out with their Mythical pets. This typically took months.

And it was uncertain if a Mythical Companion Egg would drop. Even if they obtained a Mythical Companion Egg, with so many people in the Xia family in line for one, it was hard to say when it would be Xia Xuanyue’s turn again.

The incubation of Mythical Companion Beasts was also a huge problem. Wild Mythical Companion Eggs required too much Essence Energy to incubate. Typical Epic humans wouldn’t be able to withstand it. They needed to use some special methods, and the cost was similarly large.

After arriving in Luoyang, before the date of the duel, Xia Xuanyue went to a few famous dimensional zones in Luoyang to take a look. One of them was the famous Dragon Gate Grotto. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Xia Xuanyue proceeded to explore the caves that she could enter. When she arrived at the Lotus Flower Cave, she saw a familiar person battling with the Fairies inside.

It’s him! Xia Xuanyue instantly recognized that the person battling the Fairies was Zhou Wen.

She had a deep impression of Zhou Wen. After all, she had previously stopped Zhou Wen from killing the girl. Her Mythical Companion Beast had mysteriously disappeared after that.

Furthermore, she had come to Luoyang to watch Zhou Wen and John’s duel.

After watching from the side for a while, Xia Xuanyue realized that rather than a battle, Zhou Wen was imitating the Fairy’s actions.

It was obvious that Zhou Wen was much stronger than the Fairy. It wouldn’t be difficult for him to kill her, but he didn’t do so. All he did was use a movement technique similar to the Fairy as he constantly circled around her.

Is he learning the Fairy’s movement technique? Xia Xuanyue watched from the side for a while, and the more she watched, the more confused she became.

Others became better from imitating and practicing. However, Zhou Wen seemed to become worse. His originally elegant movement technique had turned stiffer and stiffer.

Xia Xuanyue had seen too many geniuses who improved from learning, but this was the first time she was seeing someone like Zhou Wen who became worse.

Zhou Wen’s Flying Immortal Stance had always lacked meaning. Since he couldn’t see the scenery of the immortal palace in-game, Zhou Wen decided to come to Lotus Flower Cave to fight the Fairy and directly compare the difference between the Fairy and the Flying Immortal. He wanted to see if he could figure out the reason he couldn’t keep up with it.

Through actual combat, he could see some differences.

The Fairy’s movement techniques were the same as the Flying Immortals Zhou Wen saw. They were both elegant and peerless, like fairies dancing in the clouds. Their stances were also very similar.

The only difference was the intent.

They were both fairies that flew, and Fairies originated from Buddhism. As for Flying Immortals, they were from Daoism. There was a huge gap between their auras, and it could even be said that they were completely different.

When Zhou Wen understood this, he immediately felt enlightened. He knew why he felt that something was amiss. It was normal for him to have a barrier when learning the Daoist’s Flying Immortal stance with a Buddhist foundation.

During his battle with the Fairy, Zhou Wen constantly considered how he could resolve this problem. The more he practiced, the more he realized that the concept of Fairy was completely different from that of a Flying Immortal, maybe even the opposite. If he wanted to master the Flying Immortal Stance, he had to completely change the concept of his movement technique before he could truly master the Flying Immortal stance of Daoism.

Therefore, while fighting the Fairy, Zhou Wen constantly weakened the similarities between his movement techniques from the Fairy’s, slowly wiping away the concept of the Fairy.

He planned to first master the Flying Immortal Stance before trying to see if he could fuse the two together.

This resulted in the situation that Xia Xuanyue saw. Zhou Wen’s movement technique seemed to be getting worse as he practiced. It left Xia Xuanyue puzzled as to what Zhou Wen was doing.

After watching for a while, Zhou Wen’s movement technique had become terrible. From Xia Xuanyue’s point of view, the movement technique looked showy, but it lacked charm.

However, Xia Xuanyue soon realized that Zhou Wen’s movement technique had changed again. His originally stiff movement technique seemed to become elegant again. However, this grace was different from that of a Fairy.

Strange? It seems to be a Fairy’s movement technique, but why does it feel like the two movement techniques are completely different? Xia Xuanyue could sense a problem.

It was also an extremely elegant movement technique. The movement techniques of a Fairy had a dancing aura, but Zhou Wen’s movement technique looked even more transcendent. It didn’t have the feeling of decadence.

Zhou Wen was also pleasantly surprised. After completely erasing the concept of the Fairy movement technique, he realized that the barrier he had previously felt seemed to have vanished. His movement technique became more and more fluid.

Xia Xuanyue could not help but feel a little surprised. Despite Zhou Wen clearly imitating the Fairy’s movement technique, he was able to cultivate something that was completely different. It was her first time seeing such a person.

This Zhou Wen is indeed different from the rest. It’s no wonder even a peer like Lance was defeated by him. Xia Xuanyue nodded inwardly.

Ka-Cha!

Zhou Wen didn’t plan on killing the Fairy, all he did was pass by the Fairy and the force from his clothes sliced through her body, causing her to die.

Having lost his opponent, Zhou Wen felt somewhat at a loss. At that moment, he was filled with inspiration and was just about to take another step forward when he suddenly lost his opponent. The inability to unleash his powers made him unable to vent his frustration.

Just as he was about to head to the depths of the cave to look for another Fairy, even if it was a few Fairy Beasts, he suddenly felt a sharp sword intent piercing through the air.

Zhou Wen was alarmed. He had been using the Truth Listener earring all this while, but he hadn’t discovered that a person was here. Although this had something to do with his focus while practicing the Flying Immortal Stance, it also meant that the person was not one to be trifled with.

The sword intent was like a tidal wave. A black-clothed woman used her finger as a sword as she cut through the air. Her figure was like a long beam of light as a cold wind blew.