Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 541 Infinite Jinxes Master

The fusion this time had a Petrification Lion Companion Egg as the supplement. This ensured that the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s Life Providence and Life Soul could be retained. It only replaced skills.

However, it was also risky for such a fusion. It was possible that the skills that he needed would end up replaced, leaving behind skills he didn’t need.

In order to minimize the risk, Zhou Wen especially went to Curse Demon Palace to grind for Petrification Lion Companion Eggs. He obtained one before he fused it with the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General. He tried his best to reduce the negative consequences of having many skills.

Feeling a little nervous, Zhou Wen added the Petrification Lion Companion Egg. Luckily, the chances of Magic Stone Curse replacing Jinxes Master was relatively low.

The game lit up as the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General successfully fused. Zhou Wen hurriedly checked his stats. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The Life Providence and Life Soul remained unchanged. His Strength attribute had also increased to 40 points. Only his Speed attribute was still at 39. Other than the Mythical Pets, there were very few pets that could match up to such stats.

Zhou Wen’s gaze quickly shifted down as he saw the skill column.

Tempered Steel Cauldron, Rampage, Armor Breaker Spear, Magic Stone Curse... Zhou Wen’s heart was lifted, but when he saw the words “Jinxes Master,” his heart immediately plummeted.

I’ve already fused so many times. Why is the Jinxes Master skill still here? Zhou Wen felt like crying. Four skills were already the limit of a typical Companion Beast. Although there was a chance of a fusion pet exceeding four skills, the chances weren’t high. Now, the low-probability event of five skills had happened, but Jinxes Master remained.

I need to fuse it again... I have to fuse it again... Although the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General could be considered a perfect Epic pet, Zhou Wen definitely couldn’t keep it thanks to its Jinxes Master skill.

What else can I fuse it with? Zhou Wen was in a dilemma.

Since it had the Magic Stone Curse skill, using Petrification Lion for the fusion would likely result in Magic Stone Curse replacing Magic Stone Curse. It would be difficult to remove the Jinxes Master skill.

Zhou Wen had no choice but to choose from one of the remaining Companion Beasts with higher fusion compatibility. He didn’t care if the skills were suitable or not. He decided to fuse them first. If he could eliminate Jinxes Master, he could slowly fuse the skills again.

This time, he used a Petrification Knight which had multiple skills for fusion. Legend had it that the warrior who defeated Medusa was eventually transformed into a puppet by Medusa after being petrified.

Steeling his mind, Zhou Wen took out the Companion Egg of the four-skilled pet, Petrification Knight. With the four skills of the Petrification Knight and the five skills of the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General, there were a total of nine skills. The chance of eliminating a few skills was definite. He hoped to eliminate Jinxes Master.

He placed the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General with the Petrification Knight Companion Egg and pressed the fusion button.

The pet and egg shone brightly as they combined together.

With a crisp sound, the light dissipated and the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General appeared again. The fusion had succeeded again.

Zhou Wen hurriedly looked at the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s stats and realized that all four stats had reached the maximum of 40 points. It didn’t have the foundation of a Mythical creature, so it couldn’t increase to 41.

The Life Providence and Life Soul did not change. They were still Malicious Evil and Tiger Soul Runes.

Upon reaching the skill column, Zhou Wen looked over one skill after another, feeling a little nervous.

Tempered Steel Cauldron, Rampage, Armor Breaker Spear, Magic Stone Curse, Man-Mount As One... Jinxes Master... Zhou Wen was dumbfounded. Another skill had been added to it, but Jinxes Master remained.

Zhou Wen looked at the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General with mixed feelings. For a moment, he didn’t know how to react.

This fellow’s stats and skills were already cream of the crop. Apart from Mythical pets, it would be very difficult to find a pet that was better than it.

But this Jinxes Master... Zhou Wen didn’t have the confidence.

Perhaps a result of having fused too many times, Zhou Wen realized that the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s compatibility score with other Companion Beasts was much lower when he checked it. It went from 60-70 compatibility to about 30-40. Most of them were below 10.

With such compatibility continuing, the chance of failing will be too high if I continue fusing. Zhou Wen gritted his teeth and found the one with the highest compatibility. He would rather have it gone than keep Jinxes Master.

Although it was already the highest compatibility score, it was only 42. The success rate was about 40%.

Just as Zhou Wen was about to press the fusion button, he suddenly heard his phone ring.

He picked up his phone and took a look. Seeing that it was An Sheng, he picked up the call with one hand and was about to press the fusion button with the other.

“Young Master Wen, there’s news from Zhuolu. The experts have confirmed Qiongqi’s identity and have come up with some solutions...” An Sheng said.

When Zhou Wen heard Qiongqi’s name, he suddenly had a flash of inspiration. He stopped his finger midway without pressing the button.

Zhou Wen remembered hearing The Thearch say that if he wanted to defeat Qiongqi, it was best to let an evil person go. If a good person were to go, the chances of killing Qiongqi would be very low.

Although Zhou Wen didn’t know why such a strange thing would happen, the current Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General had a Malicious Evil Life Providence. Was he considered an evil person?

With this thought in mind, he could not bring himself to press down with his finger.

An Sheng informed Zhou Wen about the results of the experts’ research. After hearing it, Zhou Wen felt that their research was rather reasonable. They had determined some of Qiongqi’s skills.

However, this did not have a decisive effect on killing Qiongqi. What was truly scary about Qiongqi was not just those few skills.

The experts also mentioned Qiongqi’s penchant for bullying good, kind people. However, they believed that it was a character of the legendary Qiongqi. No one expected that this character could be exploited.

After An Sheng hung up, Zhou Wen looked at the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General with a thoughtful expression. In the end, he decided to not continue the fusion. He decided to take him to fight Qiongqi to see if it would be of any use.

After entering the Zhuolu ruins, Zhou Wen didn’t go to Torch Dragon. After killing the Aoyin stone statue, he went to Qiongqi.

The moment the temple’s door opened, Zhou Wen summoned his Companion Beasts. The Six-Winged Guardian Dragon took the front, with the other Companion Beasts followed behind. One of them was the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

The Six-Winged Guardian Dragon lunged straight at Qiongqi. Qiongqi also rushed forward like before, but something unexpected happened.

It was as if Qiongqi had not had its fill today. Be it in terms of strength, speed, or various skills, it seemed to have weakened significantly.

The Six-Winged Guardian Dragon, which had been suppressed by Qiongqi, was actually able to fight Qiongqi to a standstill.

Does the Malicious Evil Life Providence really work? Zhou Wen was dumbfounded.