Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 542 The Effect of the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General

It was unknown if it was intentional or not, but Qiongqi never took the initiative to attack the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General. The other Epic Companion Beasts were killed by Qiongqi in a short period of time.

Although Qiongqi eventually killed the blood-colored avatar, Zhou Wen saw some hope of killing it.

I wonder if there are any other Companion Beasts with similar Life Providences? After Zhou Wen exited the game, he checked online and found a few.

However, those Companion Beasts were too rare. Furthermore, they weren’t any better than the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General. The most famous one was Tai Sui. That fellow had a Great Portent Life Providence and had the attribute of misfortune. He was even more terrifying than the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

From the looks of it, the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General is still considered gentle. At the very least, Jinxes Master doesn’t appear too obvious. I haven’t seen him jinxing yet. Wasn’t there an emperor in ancient times who had a horse that jinxed its master. Whoever rode it died. However, the emperor managed to escape a calamity by riding this horse... Zhou Wen was purely comforting himself.

If he hadn’t discovered that the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General was actually effective against Qiongqi, Zhou Wen wouldn’t have second thoughts about fusing it away. No matter how strong he was, he couldn’t be stronger than a Mythical pet. Keeping him alive was a scourge.

But now, Zhou Wen had the possibility of killing Qiongqi thanks to it. He had no choice but to consider leaving the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General behind.

Zhou Wen was wondering about the possibility of the former principal and company not entering Torch Dragon’s temple, but Qiongqi’s temple. If that were the case, it would be useless even if he killed Torch Dragon. He would have to kill Qiongqi again. When that happened, he would need the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

Logically speaking, a Companion Beast will only show its effects when summoned. At most, I won’t summon him. That would prevent any obstacles, right? Zhou Wen felt uneasy. He wasn’t confident, but that was the only way.

Thankfully, it’s just a Tiger Soul General. If there’s another Tai Sui, I’ll be dead. Zhou Wen closed the webpage introducing Tai Sui.

When the Golden Battle God Halberd respawned, Zhou Wen eagerly rushed in-game. After an intense battle with the Golden Battle God Halberd, he finally snapped it with Demonic Neonate’s ancient sword.

Ding!

A crystal dropped. Zhou Wen saw that it was an Essence Energy Skill Crystal. Inside the amber-like crystal was a golden trident’s shadow.

He picked it up and took a closer look and the game immediately gave him a notification: ‘Insufficient stats... Unmatched Life Providence... Rejected Life Soul...’

The series of notifications left Zhou Wen’s head spinning.

Using his phone to check the Essence Energy Skill Crystal’s information, he discovered that the Golden Battle God Halberd’s Essence Energy Skill Crystal required 41 points of Strength. This requirement was considered the simplest of all the Mythical Essence Energy Skills that Zhou Wen knew. There was no special stat requirement.

Unfortunately, Zhou Wen still couldn’t meet the 41 Strength requirement.

Regarding the requirements of having a Constitution-type Life Providence and Life Soul, Zhou Wen attempted by switching to the Small Perfection of Wisdom. The Eight Perfections Wisdom Life Providence was compatible, but his lack of a Life Soul made it a mismatch.

If that’s the case, if I can condense the Small Perfection of Wisdom’s Life Soul and raise my Strength to 41 points, wouldn’t I be able to learn the Golden Battle God Halberd skill? Zhou Wen thought for a moment and felt that there was some hope.

Among all the Mythical Skills that Zhou Wen had seen, this was most likely to be one he could learn.

How can I have my Strength break through to 41 points? Zhou Wen had always been puzzled about the method to increase his stats.

Now, Zhou Wen had an idea. His Life Soul was formed after absorbing the attributes. Therefore, Zhou Wen was wondering if his Life Soul could affect his stats if it advanced to Perfection.

The postfix of Strength was Sun. Later on, it was absorbed by the Inverse Ancient Sovereign Life Soul. If it advanced to Perfection, he wondered if it could influence the Strength attribute and increase his Strength to 41 points. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Of course, this was only Zhou Wen’s speculation. However, he could give it a try. The Inverse Ancient Sovereign was already an Evolved Body. Any further and it would be able to advance to a Perfect Body.

Now, Zhou Wen was facing a choice. If he decided to gain new insights into his Life Soul and wait to absorb the Golden Battle God Halberd Crystal, he couldn’t respawn the dungeons. Otherwise, he would lose the skill crystal.

If he wanted to continue grinding Mythical Companion Eggs, he had to give up on the skill crystal.

The drop rate of Mythical creatures is still rather high. I should continue grinding Companion Eggs. Zhou Wen thought for a moment before deciding to grind Companion Eggs first. After all, only with the Golden Battle God Halberd could he kill Torch Dragon. This was of paramount importance.

After putting down the Golden Battle God Halberd Crystal, Zhou Wen went to the Curse Demon Palace again. After killing Medusa with great difficulty, he had two crystals drop. One was a Speed Crystal, while the other was a Constitution Crystal. All of them exceeded 70 points, but they were useless to Zhou Wen.

After grinding all the rare dimensional creatures, he reserved the Companion Eggs that dropped for pet fusion. Then, he had nothing else to do. He had to wait until tomorrow for the Golden Battle God Halberd and Medusa to respawn.

Since he had nothing to do during this period of time, Zhou Wen took the book he borrowed from the library and continued studying it.

Since Small Perfection of Wisdom hadn’t condensed a Life Soul, Zhou Wen wanted to take this opportunity to study it and condense it so that he could absorb the Golden Battle God Halberd skill crystal.

With the Golden Battle God Halberd and the Golden Battle God technique, he was certain he could kill Torch Dragon.

Wisdom had different types—two, three, and six types.

Shared or Unshared Wisdom, True Insight Wisdom, and Wisdom of Meditative Enlightenment, Mundane Wisdom, and Supramundane wisdom—all of these were Two Wisdoms.

True Insight Wisdom, Wisdom of Meditative Enlightenment, along with Written Wisdom were the Three Wisdoms.

The six Wisdoms were True Insight Wisdom, External World Wisdom, Written Wisdom, Wisdom of Skillful Means, Attendant Wisdom, and Wisdom of Meditative Enlightenment. These combined were also the Diamond Wisdom.

However, Zhou Wen’s Life Providence was Eight Perfections Wisdom. There were two more types of Wisdom. Zhou Wen did plenty of research, but he couldn’t figure out what the Eight Perfections of Wisdom meant. Therefore, he hadn’t figured out the profundity of the Small Perfection of Wisdom to condense a Life Soul.

Zhou Wen vaguely felt that this Small Perfection of Wisdom was somewhat different from the real Perfection of Wisdom. The three-faced Buddha in Small Buddha Temple was somewhat different from the Buddhas in ordinary monasteries.

Just as he was thinking, his phone rang again. This time, it was from Wang Lu.

“Zhou Wen, I’m hungry,” Wang Lu said.

“Isn’t it noon now?” Zhou Wen asked.

“You owe me so many breakfasts. Didn’t you say you were going to make up with it using lunch? Are you trying to go back on your word? Quickly get me some food to eat. I’m starving,” said Wang Lu.