Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 545 The Secret of the Hole

This time, when the two of them walked forward, Zhou Wen raised Truth Listener’s powers to the limit as he constantly scanned his surroundings.

After walking for a while, Zhou Wen discovered a strange spot. Beneath a mud wall was a place where Truth Listener couldn’t hear. It was as though something had isolated it, preventing him from hearing anything.

The direction the duo were heading in happened to line up with this area.

When Zhou Wen looked, he saw that there was a hole beneath the mud wall. It was similar to the hole just now, but this hole was clearly different. Even Truth Listener couldn’t tell what was going on inside.

Zhou Wen gave Wang Lu a look before looking in the direction of the hole. Wang Lu looked at the hole, but she couldn’t tell what was wrong with it. She only felt that the hole looked very similar to the one from before.

"Could this hole be the legendary Gold Burial Ground? Why don’t we try using something first?" Zhou Wen deliberately said loudly to Wang Lu.

Zhou Wen had a nagging feeling that there was something wrong with the Gold Burial Ground. Not only was it able to move, but it had also swallowed Li Yu’s Companion Egg. The thing it had replicated was an ear stud with very low practical value. No matter how he thought about it, there was something amiss.

"What if the thing that’s placed inside ends up disappearing like that person’s Companion Egg?" Wang Lu said cooperatively.

"It’s fine. Let’s give it a try first. I remember you have a Mythical Companion Egg on you, right? Try using an unimportant Companion Egg or something first. If there’s no problem, put the Mythical Companion Egg inside," Zhou Wen said to Wang Lu while winking.

"Is that so? Alright then." Wang Lu touched her pocket knowingly. She took out something and placed it in the hole.

Zhou Wen kept observing the hole. After Wang Lu placed the item inside, a strange energy fluctuation immediately appeared in the hole. Unfortunately, Zhou Wen could only sense the energy fluctuation and couldn’t hear what was happening inside.

However, as long as he could sense something unusual in the hole, he could lock onto it. He wasn’t afraid that it would escape. Zhou Wen refused to believe that it was faster than his saber.

After a while, the energy fluctuations in the cave gradually came to a stop. As for the hole, there was still a force that screened his powers. Zhou Wen still couldn’t hear what was happening inside.

He gave Wang Lu a look before she squatted down. As she reached out to reach into the hole, she said, "I wonder if this is the Gold Burial Ground. It should be done, right?"

As she spoke, Wang Lu had already taken out the item from the cave. Zhou Wen had seen what she had previously placed inside. It was a very small saber.

Now, Wang Lu took out two sabers.

"Wow, one saber has turned into two. Is this really the Gold Burial Ground?" Zhou Wen extended his hand to take the small saber. The saber looked somewhat strange. The blade was like a piece of pandan leaf, and the scabbard was the same. It was probably made of Essence Gold. From the looks of it, it seemed pretty good.

Zhou Wen pulled the tiny saber out of its sheath, and Wang Lu also unsheathed the tiny saber in her hand. The two sabers had a cold, oppressive glint, making one’s hair stand on end. They looked identical.

Zhou Wen knew at a glance that it was a good saber, and it wasn’t an ordinary one.

"That’s right. This place is really a Gold Burial Ground. Let’s quickly put a Mythical Companion Egg inside." As Wang Lu spoke, she gave Zhou Wen another look before looking at the tiny saber in his hand.

"Alright, quickly put the Mythical Companion Egg in. That way, we can have two Mythical Companion Eggs. When the time comes, I’ll have one, and you can have one..." Zhou Wen said as though he had thought of something. He suddenly changed his words and said, "Let’s think it through. The item that was placed inside the second time disappeared. To be safe, let’s try again."

With that said, Zhou Wen placed the tiny saber in his hand into the hole and continued observing the situation inside with Truth Listener.

The strange energy fluctuation in the cave stirred once again, but this time, Zhou Wen clearly felt that the strange energy fluctuation was much weaker. Not only was it weaker, but it was also very unstable.

Gradually, Zhou Wen realized that in the hole where Truth Listener originally couldn’t hear anything, he could vaguely hear some movement. It was as though something was moving inside.

This time, the energy fluctuation clearly lasted longer than before. After a while, the strange power in the cave decreased significantly. Zhou Wen could roughly hear the situation inside.

He realized that there was a tiny beast inside the cave. Zhou Wen couldn’t tell what it was. It looked a little like a squirrel, but it wasn’t exactly the same. It looked much better than a rat. Its body was slender, and its eyes were huge. Its tail was also very large and fluffy.

Is this fellow a ferret? However, a ferret shouldn’t be living in a mud wall. It should be in the forest, right? Could it be a weasel? Zhou Wen had never seen a weasel before, but the more he thought about it, the more likely it was.

At that moment, the tiny beast was holding the small saber with its two glowing paws. Its eyes were wide open like two little light bulbs staring at the empty space in front of it. From its eyes, a strange light shot out. It was like a three-dimensional printer in a science fiction movie. The light actually printed out a small sheathed saber out of nowhere.

Although Truth Listener couldn’t hear the trajectory of the light beams, it could sense an energy fluctuation shoot out from its eyes before gradually molding the tiny saber in midair.

The portion of the saber’s blade had been completed, but it was still short of the handle. The beast seemed to be lacking in Essence Energy. The ripples that shot out from its eyes were intermittent, as though they would disappear at any moment.

The beast’s fur stood up as it seemed to steel itself. It tried its best to shoot out rays of light from its eyes. Finally, it finished the last portion of the saber handle.

Clang!

The small saber fell to the ground together with the small saber in its claws. The two small sabers were identical, with no visible difference.

However, the beast was so tired that it sprawled in the hole with its limbs spread out. It stuck out its tiny tongue and panted. It looked like it had consumed a lot of energy.

"It should be done, right?" Zhou Wen muttered to himself before reaching into the cave.

The beast immediately got up and dragged its tired body to the back of the cave.

Zhou Wen reached in and took out the two sabers. He even unsheathed them and compared them. Indeed, they were identical. It didn’t look any different.

"It’s really identical. Quickly take out the Mythical Companion Egg and put it in." As Zhou Wen spoke, he noticed the beast’s eyes lighting up. Even its ears pricked up as it wore an excited and expectant look.

"Isn’t the Companion Egg with you?" Wang Lu retorted.

"No way. I thought it was you. Didn’t you bring it?" Zhou Wen feigned surprise.

"No, I thought you brought it. What do we do now?" Wang Lu asked.

"Then let’s try it next time," Zhou Wen said as he turned to leave. Wang Lu followed him.

The beast in the hole was stunned for a full second before it suddenly screamed and crawled out of the hole.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com