Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 556 Killing Torch Dragon

Zhou Wen left the shop with a crystalline jade-type Companion Egg in his bag.

This Companion Egg was an Epic jade terracotta. It had dropped from an ancient tomb dimensional zone. There were more clay terracotta and bronze terracotta. Jade terracotta was a rare breed.

This type of terracotta had armor as their companion forms. Because jade terracotta was rare, it was much more expensive.

Zhou Wen used his phone to look at the stats of the jade terracotta Companion Egg. It was pretty good and could be considered quite a top-notch Epic stage.

Spirit-Protecting Jade Terracotta: Epic

Life Providence: Unaging Undying

Life Soul: Guardian Spirit.

Strength: 39

Speed: 28

Constitution: 40

Essence Energy: 40

Talent Skill: Clear Jade Shield.

Companion Form: Armor

Apart from speed, the Spirit-Protecting Jade Terracotta was top-notch at the Epic stage. However, Zhou Wen only wanted its companion form. Speed didn’t matter.

He had used his phone to match with the Sun Beast. The Spirit-Protecting Jade Terracotta had a compatibility of 91% with the Sun Beast, which was much higher than the Stone Armor.

After returning to his dorm, Zhou Wen couldn’t wait to hatch the Spirit-Protecting Jade Terracotta. Then, he placed it in the same panel with the Sun Beast.

I hope there will be a good outcome. Zhou Wen had spent all his money to buy the Spirit-Protecting Jade Terracotta.

Although he had a lot of Essence Crystals, he could not cash them out. Naturally, he couldn’t use them for direct payment.

Would fusing the armor and mirror together have a perfect ending—a mirror-surfaced armor—like Zhou Wen’s imagination? Zhou Wen didn’t have any confidence. However, he had no choice but to give it a try.

Seeing the two pets emit a resplendent glow and gradually fuse into one, Zhou Wen’s heart leaped to his throat.

The fusion easily succeeded, but success wasn’t the main point. It was very difficult to fail with 91% compatibility. Whether it could become what Zhou Wen needed was the crux.

After a while, Zhou Wen felt that something was amiss. Why didn’t the light dissipate? On careful look, it had already been successfully fused. However, the new pet emitted a resplendent glow like the sun, preventing Zhou Wen from seeing it clearly.

After taking a closer look, he realized that the new pet was like a crystal and was emitting a dazzling light. It was still in the form of the jade terracotta.

Please let it be armor... Armor... He was delighted and quickly checked the information about his new pet.

Jade Crystal Spirit: Epic

Life Providence: Unaging Undying

Life Soul: Guardian Spirit.

Strength: 40

Speed: 31

Constitution: 40

Essence Energy: 40

Talent Skill: Jade Crystal Light Shield.

Companion Form: Armor

Zhou Wen was overjoyed as he hurriedly summoned the Jade Crystal Spirit in companion form. Soon, a crystal armor appeared around him, enveloping his entire body.

Zhou Wen looked at himself in the mirror and nearly jumped up in excitement. The armor on his body was like a crystalline mirror, clearly reflecting everything around him. At a glance, he imagined that his body had vanished.

Zhou Wen felt as though he had eaten the Fruit of Life. All his pores effused with pleasure. He had never had such a smooth, successful fusion of pets. To Zhou Wen, it was a miracle.

He could not wait to enter the game and go to the temple in the Jade Crystal Spirit armor. He wanted to see if such armor could block the Bright Torch Vision World.

Just like before, Zhou Wen flew behind Torch Dragon and stabbed the Golden Battle God Halberd into its back. Amidst the pain, rows of eyes appeared on both sides of its body. Each eye had the Bright Torch Vision World ability.

Almost instantly, the dragon wings on Zhou Wen’s back and the Golden Battle God Halberd in his hand vanished. They reflected in Torch Dragon’s eyes, but the blood-colored avatar in the Jade Crystal Spirit armor was fine.

It really works! Zhou Wen felt relieved. He knew that he could finally kill Torch Dragon.

As expected, Torch Dragon’s enraged state did not last for long. In just a minute, other than its pair of snake eyes, the rest of its eyes closed.

However, that minute felt like a century to Zhou Wen.

Without the speed augmentation of the dragon wings, Zhou Wen found it a struggle to dodge using only Transcendent Flying Immortal. He was nearly killed a few times.

Thankfully, with Slaughterer’s infinite Essence Energy supporting him, Zhou Wen maintained his Transcendent Flying Immortal state. At the same time, he used Ghost Steps. Under the high pressure, he fused the two Essence Energy Skills and constantly shuttled through the pillars in the palace. He managed to survive until finally, the eyes on Torch Dragon’s body closed.

After Torch Dragon closed its eyes, its aura weakened greatly. It was as if it had been drained of all energy.

However, without the Golden Battle God Halberd, Zhou Wen couldn’t kill it. In the end, he was still killed by Torch Dragon.

Zhou Wen didn’t feel depressed about the death. He was calm. He knew that he could finally go to the ruins to kill Torch Dragon.

He dripped another drop of blood to revive and entered the game dungeon. Now, Zhou Wen was especially calm because he knew that Torch Dragon was no longer his obstacle.

He came in front of Torch Dragon once again. The instant the Golden Battle God Halberd stabbed Torch Dragon, Zhou Wen unsummoned it and the dragon wings and rapidly retreated.

As expected, Torch Dragon’s eyes opened all across its body like before.

Zhou Wen kept using his movement technique to circle around the metal columns. Torch Dragon, who was covered in eyes, chased after him desperately like a lantern. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Seconds passed. After barely holding on for a minute, the eyes on Torch Dragon completely shut. Its body seemed to shrivel as its massive body seemed to shrink.

Now... it’s my turn... Zhou Wen summoned the dragon wings and Golden Battle God Halberd again as his eyes burned.

After working hard for so long, he had finally overcome this seemingly impossible mountain.

As though sensing the change in Zhou Wen’s aura, Torch Dragon shrank back in fear.

“It’s too late to be afraid now.” Zhou Wen flapped the dragon wings on his back and instantly appeared beside Torch Dragon. The Golden Divine Light at the tip of the Golden Battle God Halberd tore through the poison fog around Torch Dragon and stabbed at its body.

Blood splattered as the Golden Divine Light tore through Torch Dragon’s scales and flesh.

Amidst a sharp cry, Torch Dragon spewed out poisonous smoke as black beams shot out from the scales on its body. However, it was already at the end of its rope. Its might was much weaker than before, making it impossible for him to injure Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen’s figure flashed as the Golden Battle God Halberd constantly tore apart Torch Dragon’s flesh. The palace was filled with dragon blood.

The powerful Torch Dragon finally collapsed at Zhou Wen’s feet. When the gigantic body collapsed, the entire palace seemed to tremble.

Looking at Torch Dragon’s corpse in the pool of blood, Zhou Wen felt an indescribable sense of joy.

Ding!

As Torch Dragon’s corpse slowly disappeared, a black crystal dropped.