Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 585 Fairy Burial

What was an obsessive-compulsive disorder patient most afraid of? Of course, it wasn’t something that could be seen. Whatever could be seen could be removed. For a patient with a serious obsession with hygiene, as long as something could be removed, it wasn’t a problem. They could spend a lot of time getting rid of it.

What they really couldn’t tolerate was the psychological hint.

Just like a clean freak who washed his hands after peeing. Turning on the faucet with his hand, he would feel that it was stained with bacteria from the balls. After washing his hands, his hands would be clean, but if he switched it off, he would be touching the balls’ bacteria on the faucet. Such repeated actions made it impossible to feel completely clean.

Unless it was a faucet that had automatic detection, a patient with a severe obsession with cleanliness could struggle in front of the sink for a long time.

Now, two sources of the balls’ dirty bacteria were rapidly rolling on the mountaintop. They tainted wherever they rolled with balls’ dirty bacteria.

If Bai Ze said "scram" now, the two huge sources of infection would continue rolling down the mountain, infecting the entire mountain.

If Zhou Wen hadn’t said the sentence, Bai Ze probably wouldn’t have thought too much into it. However, after Zhou Wen’s psychological cue, Bai Ze felt that no solution was appropriate to deal with the two dirty fellows.

He wanted to fix the two of them in place, but for some reason, it was useless against them.

Kill them? Bai Ze only felt that it would contaminate the entire mountain peak. Furthermore, it wasn’t a creature that could easily kill.

Now, Bai Ze didn’t even want to look at the two dirty sources of infection. It was as if it would be infected by the balls’ dirty bacteria if it looked at them.

Retreat! Slowly retreat!

An existence as powerful as Bai Ze was actually retreating.

We’re about to succeed... Zhou Wen was delighted when he saw that he and Jiang Yan were about to roll to the side of the crooked tree.

Although this move was rather despicable and shameless, it was good as long as it could achieve its goal. There was no one else here to see their sorry state, so there was no need to worry too much about it.

The only hateful thing was that Jiang Yan could clearly use this method himself, but he had dragged him over.

It took longer to describe, but it only took an instant for Zhou Wen to kick Jiang Yan to the point of the duo slamming into the crooked tree. The frightened Bai Ze failed to react in such a short period of time. It retreated from the mountaintop with a look of horror and contempt, as though it had all been contaminated by them.

When he slammed into the tree, Zhou Wen had already summoned the Jade Crystal Spirit Armor and put it on. At the same time, he shouted at Jiang Yan, "Senior Brother Jiang, don’t put your clothes on. Otherwise, Bai Ze will definitely charge over when he sees you wearing your clothes. You won’t have the chance to contract the Guardian. You mustn’t fail."

Jiang Yan wasn’t willing to listen to him. He was even faster than Zhou Wen. He had already summoned his armor and put it on. His first reaction wasn’t to pounce at the black cocoon but to smack away the dirt on himself.

This fellow is really obsessed with hygiene... Zhou Wen immediately rushed over when he saw Jiang Yan’s actions. He kicked him away and sent him flying towards the cocoon. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Senior Brother, I’ll help you..." Zhou Wen shouted at Jiang Yan who had flown out.

Jiang Yan slammed into the cocoon like a cannonball. He held back the extreme discomfort in his heart and the urge to clean his body. He bit the tip of his tongue and spat out a mouthful of blood on the azure silk cocoon.

Zhou Wen watched as Jiang Yan’s blood slowly seeped into the cocoon. This was the first time he had seen someone contract a Guardian. He didn’t know if Jiang Yan’s method would succeed.

Bai Ze stood above a sea of clouds and saw that Jiang Yan’s blood had already fused into the cocoon. The expression on its face was abnormally complicated. It didn’t move. It just stood there, looking at the azure silk cocoon.

The azure silk cocoon absorbed Jiang Yan’s blood. There wasn’t much blood, but it quickly dyed the huge azure silk cocoon completely red before cracks began to appear on it. Pieces of the cocoon that were wrapped in silk fell off.

Azure light shot out from the openings; they looked extremely pure.

As the cocoon constantly shattered, Zhou Wen saw a curled body inside the cocoon. However, it was different from what Zhou Wen had imagined.

It was an azure-robed fairy with fluttering clothes. She didn’t share any characteristics with Bai Ze.

Zhou Wen originally imagined that the creatures inside the cocoon were typically related to the dimensional creatures protecting them. Just like the one in Ant City, she had some characteristics of an ant.

As for John’s six-winged seraphim, he had heard that the Mythical creature guarding the cathedral was an angel.

However, he had used a trick to circle around the angel and formed a contract with the six-winged seraphim. He had never really fought the angel.

Under that situation, John hadn’t truly obtained the six-winged seraphim’s recognition. Now that Jiang Yan had used a trick, Zhou Wen was worried that he wouldn’t be able to obtain the true recognition of the Guardian. It would be terrifying if he had to pay a certain price to contract the Guardian.

Could this guardian also be from the Association of Eunuchs? An indescribable scene flashed across Zhou Wen’s mind as he looked at Jiang Yan with a strange expression.

As Zhou Wen was in thought, the cocoon had completely shattered. Azure vines appeared out of thin air and circled around the azure fairy.

When the azure vines transformed into beams of light that resembled dragons that rose into the sky, they shattered and fell, turning into flower petals that filled the sky.

The azure-robed fairy actually turned pink amidst the petals. The petals that filled the sky danced as the fairy moved.

The fairy’s gaze was calm as she walked to Jiang Yan with the flower petals. She extended her hand and said to him, "My name is Fairy Burial. Are you willing to let me become your Guardian and fight with you?"

"I am," Jiang Yan answered seriously.

"As you wish." Fairy Burial’s palm pressed on Jiang Yan’s forehead. At the point of contact, a pink light spread out.

At that instant, Fairy Burial’s body transformed into countless petals that surged towards Jiang Yan, condensing into a floral armor that completely enveloped Jiang Yan’s body.

As more and more petals gathered on the armor, the original pink color turned red. The red gradually turned dark red before turning purple. When all the petals fused into the floral armor, the armor turned dark purple. It looked strange, yet gorgeous.

The floral armor looked extremely beautiful as though it was a perfect piece of art, but for some reason, Zhou Wen seemed to sense the aura of a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood from the gorgeous armor. It left him horrified.

As the floral armor fused with Jiang Yan’s body, an unimaginable power erupted from him. This power was no longer at the Epic stage. It was shocking.

The Thearch is right. The Guardian’s power can indeed allow humans to enter the Mythical stage. However, this advancement is mainly due to the Guardian armor, not the human itself, Zhou Wen thought.