Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 596 Azure and Purple Ligh

All the factions that were interested in the divine fruits were also paying close attention to this battle. In order to obtain the right to pluck a divine fruit, one had to defeat Primordial Sword Immortal.

However, no one knew what kind of abilities Primordial Sword Immortal had for it to be given such an evaluation by the cube. It had always been ranked first; no Companion Beast could pose a threat to it.

Even the powerful Mythical Companion Beast like Death of the Underworld could only rank beneath it.

The Federation knew more about Death of the Underworld. It was considered one of the top Companion Beasts among the six families. Its strength was just terrifying.

Dark Demon Snake was a huge snake. At this moment, it was coiled on the cube’s platform, waiting for Primordial Sword Immortal to accept the challenge.

Thankfully, Primordial Sword Immortal accepted the challenge without letting the spectators wait too long. With a flash, a sheathed stone ancient sword appeared on the platform.

Primordial Sword Immortal was actually just a stone sword. There wasn’t any immortal, so it was a question whether to call it a sword immortal or an immortal sword.

The stone sword was grayish-white in color. The scabbard and hilt were carved from ancient gray stone. Only the guard was embedded with a ruby.

As no one had seen it unsheathed, no one knew what the sword looked like on the inside.

Dark Demon Snake didn’t hesitate when it saw the Primordial Sword Immortal appear. It used its strongest force.

Dark Demon Snake’s master clearly knew that it was no match for Primordial Sword Immortal. They only wanted to force out the strength of Primordial Sword Immortal as much as possible.

Dark Demon Snake opened its mouth and spat out a turbulent Dark Demon Tide. Like a tidal wave, it drowned the cube’s platform. Once one was stuck in it, they would be demonized by it.

Primordial Sword Immortal remained suspended silently in midair. Just as it was about to be drowned by the Dark Demon Tide, the ruby at the guard suddenly lit up.

A red sword beam shot out from the ruby and instantly penetrated Dark Demon Snake’s head. It killed it without giving it a chance of surrendering.

The spectators looked at each other. Although they knew that Primordial Sword Immortal would definitely win, they never expected it to win so easily. The sword wasn’t even unsheathed.

“Who is the owner of Primordial Sword Immortal? We have to find out no matter what.” Senator Cape stared at Primordial Sword Immortal on the screen and issued the strict order.

The other families and even those overseas gave the same order.

On the rankings, Primordial Sword Immortal was indeed very strong. Even though people had yet to see the true strength of Primordial Sword Immortal, just that strike alone was enough to make one feel fear.

The six families did not have absolute confidence in defeating Primordial Sword Immortal on the platform. Even if they could defeat it, they would have to pay a huge price.

However, things were different if they could find the owner of Primordial Sword Immortal. No matter how powerful a Companion Beast was, its owner was at most at the Epic stage. Dealing with an Epic human was naturally much easier than dealing with the terrifying Primordial Sword Immortal.

The rules in the arena were fixed, but in reality, there were many ways to clinch victory. There was no need to defeat Primordial Sword Immortal.

Zhou Wen and Li Xuan were on White Cloud Mountain, so they had no idea what had happened. Over the past few days, they had been constantly training themselves.

The jade infant had absorbed a lot of taboo power and had started undergoing some changes. The treasure glow on its body intensified, but within two days of absorbing the taboo power, not much more happened. It looked like the taboo power here was useless against the jade infant.

Zhou Wen had no choice but to use the Demon Suppression statues to stimulate the jade infant for continual evolution.

This actually worked. However, this way, Zhou Wen joined Li Xuan in his predicament. Li Xuan suffered injuries every time he entered Jade Emperor Peak.

Zhou Wen approached the Demon Suppression statues once and the jade infant nearly exploded. It needed half a day of rest before it could completely digest the powerful taboo power that it had absorbed.

Zhou Wen took the opportunity to continue grinding while the jade infant digested the forbidden power. The time needed for Explosive Fiend Man to cast Time-Blast was just too long. With the time needed, Zhou Wen might as well farm Medusa a few more times. After grinding for so long, he still failed to get a Medusa Companion Egg. He did grind quite a number of Essence Energy Skill Crystals, but his stats were insufficient, so he couldn’t absorb them. In the end, he had to lose them with each respawn.

Ding! When Zhou Wen was farming the Golden Battle God Halberd again, another Golden Battle God Halberd Companion Egg dropped. Its stats and skills were very similar to the first Golden Battle God Halberd.

With the second Golden Battle God Halberd, Zhou Wen held one while the other outside of the game auto-attacked. Killing Mythical creatures became much easier and faster.

However, he felt that having two Golden Battle God Halberds made one of them a little redundant.

If only I could fuse it. Zhou Wen looked at it and realized that the Golden Battle God Halberd could indeed be fused. However, its compatibility with ordinary Epic Companion Beasts wasn’t very high, so he temporarily didn’t have a good candidate. He had to dispel this thought.

After grinding the rare dimensional creatures, Zhou Wen went to Deer Terrace Pavilion. With the four Mythical Companion Beasts, he could storm his way onto Deer Terrace Pavilion even without using Bright Torch Vision World.

Just as he was about to kill the six Mythical fox demons, he suddenly felt a glow appear in front of him. He looked up and saw the scene of Jade Immortal Palace appear above the sea of clouds. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

“The immortal palace phenomenon! Li Xuan, quickly close your eyes,” Zhou Wen hurriedly reminded Li Xuan.

As they hadn’t seen any immortal palace phenomena over the past few days, Li Xuan usually didn’t wear the balaclava.

Thankfully, Li Xuan knew that the immortal palace phenomenon was dangerous, so he usually didn’t look into the sky. He only looked in the direction of the Jade Emperor Peak. At that moment, he was recovering from his injuries, so he had his eyes closed.

When Li Xuan heard that, he hurriedly took out the balaclava and put it on his head to prevent himself from accidentally seeing the immortal palace phenomenon.

Zhou Wen naturally wasn’t afraid of the phenomenon. He stared at the pavilions and buildings in the clouds; there were many fairies circling them. However, the immortal palace he saw this time seemed different from what he had seen the last time. He didn’t see the palace from before, nor did he see the fairy who had broken out of the entrance.

Just as Zhou Wen was feeling disappointed, he suddenly saw a strange scene appear in the immortal palace’s phenomenon. He saw an azure and a purple beam pass through the immortal palace’s phenomenon like two rainbows, constantly circling and dancing.

Zhou Wen carefully looked at the two beams of light, but he couldn’t see them clearly. All he could see was the streams of light dancing in the air. At the same time, two indescribable pressures made his heart tremble. He felt as though his body was about to be penetrated by the two beams of light at any moment.