Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 597 Absolute Strength

Two streams of light—one azure and one purple—danced amidst the immortal palace. Even the fairies and immortal children avoided them, afraid that they wouldn’t be able to dodge in time. Instantly, chaos broke out. Even the jade buildings that were touched by the two streams of light cracked.

Zhou Wen couldn’t see what was inside the two streams of light, but just by looking at their auras, he felt an indomitable aura. It was as though everything in the world would be mercilessly sliced apart if they stood in front of these two beams.

Thankfully, Zhou Wen’s willpower was extremely firm. Otherwise, just the aura of the purple and azure light would have left him shuddering.

Just as he was wondering what the two beams of light were, he suddenly saw them separate. The azure light landed on the top of a jade pavilion and the purple light landed on a small building.

Only then did Zhou Wen see that the azure light was an azure bird. The purple light was a purple bird. The two birds looked somewhat similar. They had long feathers and phoenix tails. Their bodies glowed with immortal light and they looked extremely beautiful.

Zhou Wen didn’t know what birds they were, but the moment they spread their wings and took off, Zhou Wen saw their flying stance and was immediately amazed.

This only lasted for an instant. Zhou Wen could only see their taking-off postures. After they took off, he couldn’t see their figures again. All he could see were two streams of light—one azure, one purple—that danced around the immortal palace.

After watching for a moment, the immortal palace phenomenon vanished. However, the flying stance of the azure and purple birds was imprinted in Zhou Wen’s mind, unable to be dispelled.

“Old Zhou, what’s in that phenomenon? Tell me about it.” Unable to see it, Li Xuan was burning with curiosity as he asked Zhou Wen.

“There’s an immortal palace in the phenomenon. There are pavilions and buildings. Fairies and immortal children dance among them. There are two birds—one azure, and one purple bird...” Zhou Wen roughly described it.

After the phenomenon, Zhou Wen kept pondering over the flying stance of the two birds. He had a nagging feeling that the stance was very different from the fairy’s flying stance. It was two completely different styles.

I wonder if I can fuse the flying stances of the two birds into my movement technique. Unfortunately, I only saw their flying postures. There’s too little information I can use for reference. As he was pondering, he felt an intense idea come to mind.

Zhou Wen was delighted when he analyzed it. He hurriedly looked at the chaos space and saw that Tyrant Behemoth had finally finished evolving. It had already broken out of its shell.

A terrifying beast that resembled a mountain stood in the chaos space. Its body was like black iron. It had two horns on its head and its tail was like a gigantic whip. Its claws were like metal hooks.

A motorcycle that Zhou Wen placed in the chaos space was as tiny as an ant in front of the behemoth. Zhou Wen couldn’t even estimate how big it was.

Zhou Wen was naturally happy that Tyrant Behemoth had advanced to the Mythical stage, but this size put him in a difficult spot. Where could he put such a huge Companion Beast? Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

It was fine in the chaos space, but if it came out, Jade Emperor Peak probably couldn’t contain its body.

As Zhou Wen was in the middle of this dilemma, he saw Tyrant Behemoth slowly shrink. In just a moment, it changed from a mountain-like beast to about three meters tall.

Can it actually shrink? Zhou Wen was overjoyed. He summoned Tyrant Behemoth back to him and entered the game to check its information.

Tyrant Behemoth: Mythical (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Extreme Strength

Life Soul: Violent Crown

Wheel of Destiny: Absolute Strength

Strength: 81

Speed: 81

Constitution: 81

Essence Energy: 81

Talent Skill: Mountain Consuming

Companion Form: Boxing Glove

Tyrant Behemoth’s stats were very good. Just like Torch Dragon, every stat reached 81 points. Everything else was the same as before it evolved.

However, after advancing to the Mythical stage, he gained the Wheel of Destiny—Absolute Strength. Zhou Wen had only learned that for every action, there was an equal and opposite reaction. He didn’t know what Absolute Strength was, but he carefully checked its description.

Absolute Strength: A miracle that crushes everything with strength.

Strength can crush everything. How far can it go? Zhou Wen launched a game dungeon and it happened to be in front of Deer Terrace Pavilion. He summoned Tyrant Behemoth to see how strong its Wheel of Destiny was.

The blood-colored avatar hid outside with Six-Winged, Torch Dragon, and the two Golden Battle God Halberds by its side. However, it didn’t let them enter the ancient building and only allowed Tyrant Behemoth to charge in.

Tyrant Behemoth entered the ancient building and immediately alarmed the six fox immortals. One of them shot out a rainbow beam that slashed at Tyrant Behemoth.

Tyrant Behemoth didn’t take action. It opened its mouth and bit down, sucking the light into its stomach as though it was drinking cold water.

Holy sh*t, this Mythical Mountain Consuming Skill is quite powerful. It can even devour a Mythical Essence Energy Skill. Zhou Wen was delighted.

The six fox immortals attacked Tyrant Behemoth one after another. Tyrant Behemoth opened its mouth and swallowed all sorts of Essence Energy Skills. It was insolent, violent, and unreasonable.

The six fox immortals weren’t stupid. They attacked Tyrant Behemoth from different directions, but all Tyrant Behemoth did was open its mouth and they were immediately left helpless.

All sorts of colorful light struck Tyrant Behemoth’s body. Tyrant Behemoth roared and a crown appeared on its head. Its physique immediately increased drastically as it forcefully used its body to tank the rainbow light. The fox immortals’ attacks could only leave a shallow wound on its body.

However, the fox immortals specialized in movement techniques and illusions. Tyrant Behemoth’s speed and strength were much stronger than theirs, but it failed to hit them. Often, a fierce claw strike only struck their phantoms.

In its rage, Behemoth finally used its Wheel of Destiny. A black light emitted from Tyrant Behemoth’s body as though all light had been absorbed by it.

Boom!

The floor beneath Behemoth’s feet collapsed, but it wasn’t just the floor. Even space seemed to be crushed by its strength, creating a spatial vortex.

Everything around it flew towards Behemoth. It was like a black hole, sucking everything around it.

The six fox immortals were no exception. They struggled to escape, but the powerful suction force made it difficult for them to move.

Tyrant Behemoth charged forward and smashed the six fox immortals into pieces with one punch after another. The six fox immortals counterattacked with all their might, but their attacks left zero effect when landing on Tyrant Behemoth’s body. It was akin to scratching an itch. When Tyrant Behemoth landed a punch on them, it directly shattered their bodies. Their strengths were on completely different levels.

How mighty! It’s thrashing them despite it being one against six. Zhou Wen was overjoyed. With Tyrant Behemoth, he didn’t need to go through so much trouble to kill Qiongqi.