Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 607 Little Brother Who Came For Zhou Wen

Gulli walked to the table and took out his phone. Then, he opened the photo album and found a photo. He looked at it before looking at Zhou Wen. After confirming it, he put away his phone and said to Zhou Wen, "You are the strongest student at Sunset College, Zhou Wen, right? I, Gulli, want to challenge you. Let’s go to the training grounds."

Li Xuan looked at Gulli with interest, but he didn’t say a word.

Zhou Wen put down his phone and sized up Gulli. "You’ve got the wrong person."

"The wrong person?" Gulli was taken aback when he heard that. He hurriedly took out his phone and quickly tapped on the photo to compare it with Zhou Wen before saying to Zhou Wen, "Don’t try to lie to me. The person in the photo is clearly you."

With that said, Gulli rotated his phone to let Zhou Wen take a look at the photo.

Zhou Wen glanced at the photo. It really was him, but it didn’t look like the photo he had taken recently. The clothes were probably the ones he wore when he went to the Holy Land.

"You really have got the wrong person. Take a closer look. The person in the photo has longer hair than me. Furthermore, his pupils are pure black. My pupils are a little brownish-black. Take a closer look. Our facial features are somewhat different," Zhou Wen said to Gulli.

Upon hearing Zhou Wen’s words, Gulli took a closer look and felt that it was indeed a little different.

In fact, everyone’s photos were slightly different from the person. This was normal.

"Sis, it looks like we got the wrong person," Gulli said to the beautiful girl.

The girl rolled her eyes at him and said to Zhou Wen, "To be able to defeat a genius like Lance, I thought Zhou Wen was really an impressive figure. But he’s just a coward who doesn’t even dare recognize his name."

"You know Lance?" Zhou Wen asked the girl.

"My name is Sadie. This is my younger brother, Gulli. Lance is our cousin," the girl said.

"So it’s Lance’s cousins. Welcome to Sunset College to study. If there’s anything you aren’t used to, feel free to look for me. I’ll try my best to help you within my capabilities." Although Zhou Wen and Lance were rivals before, Zhou Wen was still very impressed with Lance’s character.

Furthermore, Lance had once helped them leave Holy City. It was only right for him to take care of his cousins. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

"Are you really Zhou Wen? Why did you lie?" Gulli stared at Zhou Wen angrily.

Li Xuan said with a smile, "He’s Zhou Wen, but his name isn’t the strongest student at Sunset College, Zhou Wen. Therefore, he’s not lying."

"Humph, cut the crap. I want to defeat you and avenge Lance," Gulli said as he stared at Zhou Wen.

"Even Lance lost. Do you think you are stronger than Lance?" Li Xuan asked.

"Lance is naturally the strongest. Zhou Wen was only lucky to defeat him. If you battle again, Lance will definitely win. I will definitely win as well," Gulli said confidently.

"I see. Seeing how confident you are, I believe you can defeat Zhou Wen. However, Sunset College forbids private duels. Even if you don’t care about being expelled, Zhou Wen won’t fight you," Li Xuan said with a smile.

Gulli immediately frowned. "Why would Sunset College have such a rule? Wouldn’t that mean our special admission into Sunset College was a waste of time?"

"That’s not the case. Seeing how confident you are, your abilities definitely can’t be bad. I also believe that you can definitely defeat Zhou Wen. To be honest, I’ve long found Zhou Wen an eyesore. Unfortunately, I’m no match for him, so I might as well help you. See this? You and your sister can fill in this application form and sign it. Then, you can join our Xuanwen Club. The Xuanwen Club is a formal club approved by the school. The club’s members are free to spar. You can use the opportunity to defeat Zhou Wen. This way, Zhou Wen and you won’t be punished. He has no way of rejecting the sparring either."

With that said, Li Xuan stuffed the two application forms into Gulli’s hand. He patted his shoulder and said, "Junior, this is all I can do for you. Whether or not you can help Lance avenge his humiliation depends on you."

"Are you sure I can challenge Zhou Wen this way?" Gulli asked Li Xuan in disbelief.

"Of course. After joining the club, you’ll definitely be able to spar with Zhou Wen. If not, I’ll stand there and let you beat me until you are satisfied," Li Xuan said as he patted his chest.

"Alright, I’ll be joining." Gulli leaned against the table and began filling in the form.

"Junior Sadie, you also wish to challenge Zhou Wen, right? Fill it out together." Li Xuan handed the other application form to Sadie.

Sadie glanced at Li Xuan as though she had seen through him. However, Li Xuan didn’t mind as he continued smiling at her.

Sadie didn’t say anything. She picked up the pen on the table and filled in the application form before signing her name.

"Congratulations to the two of you for becoming new members of our Xuanwen Club." After receiving their application forms, he extended his hand out to Sadie.

However, Sadie ignored him and looked at Zhou Wen. "Can we challenge you now?"

"Of course, but you can’t do it here, right? Go to your dorms and settle down first. I’ll arrange the time and venue for you. Don’t worry. With me around, I guarantee that you will have plenty of time to spar with Zhou Wen..." Li Xuan warmly helped Sadie take her luggage and took them to the matriculation booth.

When members from the other clubs saw that Sadie had been pulled into the Xuanwen Club, they secretly pounded their chests and stamped their feet. Their hearts ached for such a beautiful woman. She had actually entered a beast’s nest.

Once Li Xuan left, there was no need for Zhou Wen and Gu Dian to stay. They couldn’t recruit new members at all.

With Li Xuan handling them, Zhou Wen didn’t pay any attention to this matter. He returned to continue grinding his game dungeons.

...

The next morning, after Gulli and Sadie finished their matriculation procedures, they contacted Li Xuan to arrange the duel with Zhou Wen.

Li Xuan agreed and got Gulli and Shady to wait for him at the training grounds.

Gulli and Sadie arrived at the training grounds. After waiting for a while, they saw Li Xuan bring a boy over. He looked handsome, but he wasn’t Zhou Wen.

"Li Xuan, where’s Zhou Wen?" Gulli asked with a frown.

"Calm down. Let me introduce him to you. This student’s surname is Feng. He is under the tutelage of Zhou Wen and has learned a few saber techniques. I especially invited him over to let you take a look at his saber techniques so that you will have a basic understanding of Zhou Wen. This way, when you challenge him again, your chances of winning will be much higher," Li Xuan said.

"There’s no need. Our strength is enough to defeat Zhou Wen. We don’t have to waste time on this," Gulli rejected.

"It’s not a big deal taking a look first. I’ve long found Zhou Wen an eyesore. I sincerely hope that you can beat him. Don’t you disappoint me," Li Xuan said as he waved at Feng Qiuyan. "Little Yanyan, spar with Junior Gulli. Use everything you learned from Zhou Wen. Don’t disappoint him."

Feng Qiuyan walked silently to the training grounds’ arena. Gulli felt that Li Xuan had good intentions and couldn’t reject him. Seeing Sadie nod, he walked into the arena.