Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 620 Strange Town

Zhou Wen’s eyes focused as he slashed out with the Golden Overlord Sword in his hand. The golden sword beam instantly destroyed the beer as it shot towards Uncrying Night.

The Genie in front of Uncrying Night spat out a blinding white flame. The golden sword beam struck the flame like a wheel, splitting it apart. At the same time, it split the Genie’s body into two and continued slashing at Uncrying Night.

A look of surprise flashed across Uncrying Night’s eyes as he quickly dodged the golden sword beam’s slash.

However, the sword wheel formed by the golden sword beam suddenly boomeranged and slashed at Uncrying Night’s back at an even faster speed. It was none other than the Boomerang Wind Essence Energy Skill.

Just as the golden sword wheel was about to touch Uncrying Night’s back, he suddenly used a strange stance. As he leaned forward, he spun his left leg as he dodged the golden sword wheel in a contorted fashion.

The Golden Overlord Sword in Zhou Wen’s hand wasn’t idle either. With Transcendent Flying Immortal activated, he fused with the sword beam as his body tore through the void and slashed at Uncrying Night like golden lightning.

Uncrying Night wore a solemn expression as black matter condensed on his hands. It transformed into bracers that wrapped around his arms and palms as he stared intently at the Golden Overlord Sword that flashed over.

Clang!

Uncrying Night managed to sandwich the Golden Overlord Sword’s blade in the middle. However, the golden sword beam on the Golden Overlord Sword was too intense. It pushed Uncrying Night’s body back, causing him to slam into the building behind him, collapsing it.

Boom!

Uncrying Night crashed through several buildings and finally slammed into the stone wall. The stone walls behind him were in ruins before he stopped retreating.

The Golden Overlord Sword’s blade was still firmly clamped between his hands. The black vortex produced by the bracers constantly absorbed the golden sword beam, but it was unable to completely absorb it. The sword beam sparks produced constantly exploded.

Zhou Wen pushed the blade with all his might, slowly pressing the blade towards Uncrying Night. Just as the golden sword beam on the blade was about to touch his cheek, Uncrying Night pushed with both hands and ducked to the side. The Golden Overlord Sword left a deep mark on the mountain wall behind him.

Zhou Wen brandished his sword and was about to slash again when Uncrying Night waved his hand. "Junior Brother, I’m joking with you. There’s no need to fight to the death!"

Seeing that Zhou Wen was completely unfazed, the Golden Overlord Sword in his hand slashed down again. Uncrying Night waved his hand as he retreated. "I’m really your senior brother. My name is Liu Yun and I’m Teacher Wang Mingyuan’s student. You should have heard of my name, right? I’m the same as you. I graduated from Guide High School. Speaking of which, we hail from the same hometown."

Zhou Wen was slightly taken aback when he heard that. He did remember that Wang Mingyuan had such a student, but he had long graduated. He was from a graduating class many years ago.

He had even discussed the senior brother named Liu Yun with Zhong Ziya. Furthermore, Liu Yun was rather famous in Guide City. He was publicly recognized as Guide City’s genius. Zhou Wen had heard of his name when he was there.

"Didn’t you say that your name was Uncrying Night? Why are you now Liu Yun?" Zhou Wen stared coldly at the youth. He didn’t lower his sword as he locked onto him.

"Uncrying Night is my nickname. My real name is Liu Yun." As the youth spoke, he took out something. "You recognize this thing, right? I believe other than Teacher’s students, no one else will have it."

Zhou Wen saw that the youth was holding a pendant. It looked like it was carved from ivory, but it was a little green, instead of the yellow tinge that ivory had.

Zhou Wen couldn’t help but be taken aback when he saw the pendant. He also had one. It was given to him by Wang Mingyuan and had once helped him tide through danger.

Later, he heard from Wang Mingyuan that the pendant had been carved from the teeth of the white dragon in Dragon’s Well. However, Wang Mingyuan said that he had carved four of them and gave them to Jiang Yan, Zhong Ziya, Hui Haifeng, and Zhou Wen respectively. He didn’t mention anything about Liu Yun.

"There’s no need to doubt it. When Teacher obtained the dragon teeth, I was the one who helped him steal them from beneath Dragon’s Well. Back then, Teacher carved a pendant for me and kept the rest. He said that he would give it to his favorite disciples in the future. I believe you must have one too, right?" said Liu Yun.

"How did you know I would be here?" Although Zhou Wen already believed that he was Wang Mingyuan’s student, he didn’t relax his guard.

Liu Yun spread out his hands and said, "How would I know that you would come here? I was pursued by the bureau and fled here to seek refuge. I didn’t expect to meet you. If it weren’t for the bureau’s constant hunting of the four of you, I wouldn’t have known that you were Teacher’s student."

Just as Zhou Wen was about to say something, he suddenly heard hurried hooves coming from the north of the town. It was as though thousands of troops were charging towards the town.

"Oh no, I was caught up with pulling your leg and forgot about this matter. Quickly hide. Don’t reveal yourself or make a sound. Otherwise, there will be big trouble." As Liu Yun spoke, he unsummoned Genie and charged forward. With a bound, he jumped into a water well by the side.

With a thought, Zhou Wen leaped down with Liu Yun with the Golden Overlord Sword in hand. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Splash! Splash!

The duo fell into the well one after another. Liu Yun sank his body into the water, and Zhou Wen followed suit. They dived into the well together, but the Golden Overlord Sword in his hand maintained an offensive stance, guarding against Liu Yun.

As the hooves approached, Zhou Wen used his ears to listen to the situation outside. The projection outside immediately imprinted itself into his mind, allowing him to see a strange scene.

The ones running outside weren’t horses, but creatures that looked like deer. The deer were completely white, and there were crystal-like antlers on their heads. The herd of white deer numbered at least a hundred. Every one of them was abnormally majestic, and the crystal antlers on their heads were extremely large.

On the back of the majestic white deer in front of the herd was a strange creature. It wore white clothes, white trousers, and a white hat. It looked like a human, but its face was also white. It had no mouth, nose, eyes, nor eyebrows—like a piece of white paper.

The white deer carried the white-clothed man and ran through the streets, but they didn’t leave the town. Instead, they circled the streets.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Every time the herd of white deer walked a distance, the white-clothed man would strike the metal disc in his other hand with a rod. They did not know what he was doing.

After the white deer herd and the white-clothed faceless man circled the town, they sped away and left the town.

Only then did Liu Yun rush out of the well and chase after the white deer herd.

"What are you doing?" Zhou Wen jumped out of the well and asked Liu Yun.

"Flower picking," Liu Yun answered before chasing in the direction that the white deer herd had disappeared.

Zhou Wen thought for a moment and followed him out of town.

The white deer and the white-clothed man were dimensional creatures, but this town wasn’t a dimensional zone. It was indeed strange for them to appear here.

It was mainly because Zhou Wen was afraid that the fellow who claimed to be Liu Yun would escape. He still couldn’t confirm who he really was. Even if he was Liu Yun, Zhou Wen couldn’t let him spread the news of him coming here.