Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 621 Treasure Snatching in the Lake

The town was surrounded by mountains on three sides, and the direction the white deer herd came from was not the entrance, but the depths of the basin.

When Zhou Wen caught up to Liu Yun outside the town, Liu Yun gestured for him to remain silent before stealthily approaching.

Zhou Wen followed behind him to see what he was up to.

Liu Yun seemed to be very familiar with the path here. He drilled through the forest and grasslands, and soon, he hid in a bush.

Zhou Wen also entered the grassland and realized that there was a lake beyond it. The lake wasn’t very big, and surrounding it was the large grassland and a small portion of a forest.

The white deer herd was on the grass beside the lake. The bright moonlight shone on the grass and the lake, blanketing them with a layer of light. It looked exceptionally beautiful, like an immortal paradise in the mortal world.

Most of the white deer had their heads lowered as they leisurely ate the grass. Only the leading white deer was standing straight on the bank. The white-clothed man was also staring at the lake.

Although he didn’t have eyes, he gave off the feeling that he was staring intently at the center of the lake.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

After a while, the white-clothed man used the rod in his hand to strike the metal disc. With that, the grass-eating white deer raised their heads and approached the leading white deer.

The leading white deer walked towards the lake. Magically, it slowly walked over the water. It didn’t sink into the water. Ripples spread under its hooves. Under the moonlight, it was like a ring of light spreading across the water surface.

The white deer behind followed. They stepped on the water surface and followed the leader to the center of the lake.

When the white deer came to a halt, the white-clothed, faceless man’s rod struck at an even higher frequency. He kept striking the metal disc, producing clanging noises.

Amidst the rapid clanging, the white deer herd became uneasy.

It was unknown what kind of power was driving the white deer. One of the white deer raised its head and used its antlers to slam into the white deer beside it.

The crystal-like antlers immediately tore through the other white deer’s stomach and blood gushed out like a fountain.

It was as if the curtain had been drawn. The entire herd became irascible, constantly killing each other on the surface of the lake. The deer’s blood dyed the lake red in a moment, and the dead white deer’s corpses sank into the water.

Zhou Wen was somewhat curious when he saw this strange scene. He wanted to know what the white-clothed man was doing.

More and more white deer died and sank to the bottom of the lake. Soon, only the leading white deer from the original hundred remained standing on the surface of the lake.

As for the originally crystal-clear lake, it had already been dyed purplish-red by the white deer’s blood. It was like a huge blood-red gem that emitted a rich smell of blood.

Bloop! Bloop!

In the middle of the lake, tiny bubbles surfaced. It was as if the lake had been boiled, but the temperature of the lake didn’t rise.

After a while, Zhou Wen heard a splashing sound. Then, he saw a white flower tear out of the water and float to the surface.

The flower had six petals, blooming in a hexagonal shape, they were as white as snow. There was a circular petal in the middle, but it was bright red like blood. It looked like a Sacred Lily, but its flower pistel’s diameter exceeded a meter.

As the flower appeared, the purplish-red color of the lake water gradually faded. As for the snow-white petals, they gradually turned red as though the petals had absorbed the blood in the lake.

In just twenty minutes, the lake water returned to its crystal-clear state. The huge flower had completely turned blood-red, like a beautiful blood rose.

The white-clothed, faceless man waved his hand and used it like a blade, slicing off the white deer’s head he was riding. Blood spewed out from the white deer’s severed neck like a fountain. It splashed onto the flower, making it even more beautiful.

The deer’s corpse sank into the water, but the white-clothed figure didn’t react at all. He stood on the surface of the water with a face without any facial features. He continued facing the blood flower as though he was staring at it.

From the looks of it, the white-clothed man’s target should be that flower. What’s the use of that flower? Just as Zhou Wen was pondering over it, he saw a red glow shoot out from the flower. It was as though something was shimmering in the petal.

The white-clothed man, who had been standing there motionless the entire time, finally moved. He extended a hand and grabbed the center petal.

Liu Yun, who was lurking beside Zhou Wen, suddenly charged forward like a stream of light towards the flower. At the same time, he threw the oil lamp in his hand at the white-clothed, faceless man.

The oil lamp spewed out flames in the air, turning into a deity-like Genie. It spewed out flames that resembled a tornado towards the white-clothed, faceless man.

While the flames entangled the faceless man in white, Liu Yun reached out to grab the petal.

The white-clothed, faceless man waved his sleeve and immediately extinguished all the flames that the Genie spewed out. At the same time, the white wooden stick in his other hand struck at Liu Yun.

Liu Yun blocked the wooden stick with one hand while his other hand continued its attempt at grabbing the flower. Unfortunately, it was blocked by a metal disc.

In an instant, Liu Yun and the white-clothed, faceless man clashed several times. Liu Yun’s hands were extremely fast, leaving behind afterimages when he attacked. It was as though he had transformed into a Thousand-Hand Guanyin. His speed wasn’t inferior to Zhou Wen’s Transcendent Flying Immortal. It was no wonder he could grab the Golden Overlord Sword with both hands.

However, the white-clothed man was even faster. As he blocked Liu Yun, he struck the metal disc with the wooden staff.

Clang!

Zhou Wen, who was by the riverbank, immediately felt his mind explode when he heard the sound. His soul seemed to waver from the tremors as though it would fly out of his body at any moment. He couldn’t help but be alarmed as he hurriedly switched to Gods Retreat. At the same time, he took out the Substitute Talisman and stuck it on his body. He summoned the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon and had it appear in its six-winged form behind him. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He fully activated the Truth Listener earring’s abilities, blanketing the entire lake to clearly observe everything that happened.

Without a doubt, the white-clothed man was definitely a Mythical dimensional creature.

Judging by the loud sound, Liu Yun was also thrown into the lake. The situation didn’t look good.

However, when the white-clothed, faceless man looked at the flower, he was enraged. He slammed the metal disc again, causing the surrounding lake water to explode and spray. It rose up more than ten meters.

Zhou Wen also realized the problem. The thing that twinkled in the middle of the flower had vanished. Clearly, it had been taken by Liu Yun, but he hadn’t detected the moment when Liu Yun had taken it away.

He was fast! Just as Zhou Wen reeled in surprise, he saw Liu Yun rush out of the lake and climb ashore. He wanted to escape in the direction of the town.

However, the white-clothed man’s figure flashed. When he appeared again, he was already in front of Liu Yun, blocking his path.