Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 622 Orange Ca

The white-clothed, faceless man was like a ghost as he drifted over. His figure appeared and disappeared from time to time. Li Yun was struggling to escape, but he couldn’t. He couldn’t beat him either, so he could only rely on the pair of black bracers and the protection of Genie to barely withstand the white-clothed, faceless man’s attacks.

"Junior Brother, quickly help me!" Liu Yun shouted as he fought.

Zhou Wen hid in the distance and didn’t move. He wasn’t familiar with Liu Yun, so it was naturally impossible for him to risk his life. He could take the opportunity to observe what abilities the white-clothed, faceless man had, so he could reap the benefits of the mutually destructive struggle.

The white-clothed, faceless man didn’t seem to have any terrifying skills, but Zhou Wen felt that he was somewhat odd. The clanging sound had actually shaken his soul. Even Truth Listener’s Evil Nullification was useless. It was obvious how terrifying he was.

Although he didn’t strike the metal disc again, Zhou Wen had to be wary.

Seeing Zhou Wen hiding in the distance without making a sound, Liu Yun used Genie to circle around the white-clothed, faceless man, but it didn’t have much of an effect. Although Genie wasn’t afraid of many kinds of destructive power, there was nothing he could do about the white-clothed, faceless man. Its flames were extinguished by the white-clothed, faceless man with a wave of his sleeve. It wasn’t of much use.

"Junior Brother, help me. I’ll share the benefits with you," shouted Liu Yun.

"What benefits? What’s inside the flower?" Zhou Wen asked.

"I can’t explain it in such a short period of time. Let’s work together to kill this monster first," shouted Liu Yun.

Zhou Wen didn’t say a word as he continued hiding in the shadows.

"Half. I’ll give you half the benefits." Li Yun shouted again.

Zhou Wen remained unmoved. He had been observing the white-clothed, faceless man the entire time. The wooden staff in his hand didn’t seem to be anything special. Even so, Liu Yun didn’t dare let it hit him. All he dared to do was defend with his bracers.

His pair of bracers were definitely transformed from a Mythical Companion Beast. Otherwise, it would have been impossible for him to fend off the Golden Overlord Sword, nor could he block the attacks of the white-clothed, faceless man.

The Genie and the Mythical bracer could barely withstand the white-clothed, faceless man’s attacks. From this, it could be seen that although the white-clothed, faceless man looked ordinary, he was actually rather terrifying.

Genie’s ranking was still rather high. Yet, despite fighting the white-clothed, faceless man, he didn’t show any special performance. Clearly, he was restrained.

"Junior Brother, at the very least, we studied under the same teacher. You can’t just leave me in the lurch." Seeing Zhou Wen ignore him, Liu Yun sighed and said, "Fellow disciples should share weal and woe together. Don’t blame me for being heartless. Be careful of the staff in his hand. Don’t let it hit your body. Otherwise, your soul will immediately dissipate. It doesn’t matter how strong your body is."

As Liu Yun spoke, he retreated while in combat. He ran towards Zhou Wen, clearly hoping to drag him into the fight.

How could Zhou Wen let him have his wish? Although he had many Mythical Companion Beasts and wasn’t necessarily afraid of the white-clothed, faceless man, there was no need for him to be Liu Yun’s shield.

Zhou Wen gradually retreated. As Liu Yun was fighting while retreating, he naturally couldn’t keep up with his speed.

"Junior Brother, I’m sorry. I’ll make it up to you when we meet again." As Liu Yun spoke, he summoned an orange cat.

The orange cat was like a ball, but after appearing, it was extremely agile. It pounced at Zhou Wen like lightning.

It was strange. The white-clothed, faceless man had been chasing Liu Yun relentlessly, determined to take back the item from the flower.

However, the moment the orange cat appeared, the white-clothed, faceless man seemed to be attracted by a magnet. He gave up attacking Liu Yun and instead chased after the orange cat.

Zhou Wen immediately figured out what the problem was. A mysterious wave emitted from the orange cat’s body, as though it was a taunting skill. It attracted the white-clothed, faceless man to chase after it.

Orange Cat was extremely fast as it led the white-clothed, faceless man towards Zhou Wen. Its body was as fat as a ball, but the way it positioned was extremely coquettish. It dodged the white-clothed, faceless man’s pursuit time and time again.

Zhou Wen pulled out the Golden Overlord Sword and slashed out a few sword beams at Orange Cat, but it dodged them all. It seemed to know a teleportation skill as it got closer and closer to Zhou Wen.

There was only one way out with mountains surrounding the area. Zhou Wen had no choice but to fly up and escape using the sky.

However, just as he charged into midair, Orange Cat burrowed into the grass and the mysterious waves from its body vanished. The white-clothed, faceless man regained his clarity of mind and happened to see Zhou Wen fly up into the air like a ghost. He instantly caught up to Zhou Wen in midair.

"Junior Brother Zhou, I’ll thank you now. See you again if fate allows for it. I’ll treat you to a drink." Liu Yun waved at Zhou Wen from afar. It was unknown when Orange Cat had returned to his embrace.

"Junior Brother, you have to be careful. That fellow is the legendary Mountain God. The wooden staff in his hand can directly attack the soul. Using present-day parlance, it can attack one’s mind. Once you are hit, you will become an idiot. You have to be careful." Liu Yun’s voice sounded from afar. It softened until it was almost inaudible. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Zhou Wen guessed what the white-clothed, faceless man was after hearing Liu Yun’s words. The Mountain God mentioned in ancient times wasn’t an embodiment of a mountain, but a powerful demon spirit in the mountain. There were many types.

One of them was extremely terrifying. It was called Ba. Legend had it that it was the ancestor of hopping zombies. Wherever it went, it could devour clouds and dragons. It was an extremely terrifying existence.

Zhou Wen estimated that the white-clothed, faceless man was probably something similar. It wasn’t as terrifying as the legendary Ba, but it wasn’t a character to be trifled with.

The wooden staff in the white-robed, faceless man’s hand was powerful. It was probably a manifestation of a plant-type Mythical creature. No one knew how the white-clothed, faceless man obtained it.

The metal disc in his other hand wasn’t an ordinary object either.

Faced with such a strange thing, Zhou Wen didn’t give it any chance. He directly summoned Truth Listener.

Truth Listener was a divine beast that kept hell in check. It definitely had the ability to restrain all kinds of demons and ghosts. It was the perfect time to use it.

The moment Truth Listener appeared, the white-clothed, faceless man’s body trembled. His legs seemed to go limp as he turned and ran. The awe-inspiring aura and baneful aura from before had completely vanished. He looked nervous like a lost dog.

Truth Listener transformed into a stream of light that flashed and caught up to the white-clothed, faceless man. It smashed his head with its claw.

With a clang, the white-clothed, faceless man fell to the ground and died. The wooden staff and metal disc in his hand dropped.

Before Zhou Wen could walk over, Truth Listener had already dug out a crystal from his chest and swallowed it.

Although Zhou Wen thought that Truth Listener could restrain these things, he had not expected it to be so powerful. Truth Listener didn’t even use the Wheel of Destiny to kill the white-clothed, faceless man with a swipe.

Without any delay, Zhou Wen picked up the wooden staff and metal disc and stored them in the chaos space. He got Truth Listener to return to his ear before rushing back to the town.