Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 626 Behemoth“s Migh

Everyone looked at the terrifying beam descending from the sky as though it was a divine punishment that could destroy the world.

Their gazes were focused on the ebony figure beneath the divine punishment. Under such a terrifying beam of light, the somewhat muscular body seemed tiny and minuscule, as though it would be drowned in a terrifying stream of light at any moment.

However, from beginning to end, Tyrant Behemoth didn’t move at all. It didn’t raise its head to look at the beam or at Chimera. It was as though its reaction was slow and had failed to notice the terrifying beam that descended from the sky.

Boom!

The beam directly struck Tyrant Behemoth’s body. The streams of light constantly blasted the arena. The light exploded, drowning the entire arena in an explosion of light. Large amounts of dust rose up.

"How arrogant." An Tianzuo frowned.

"He’s courting death by tanking the Gene Disintegration Ray." The Cape family was overjoyed.

The characteristics of the Gene Disintegration Ray was appraised to be impossible to withstand head-on, even for Mythical Companion Beasts. Otherwise, their bodies’ genes would collapse.

"What a waste of a treasure. The person has such a powerful Companion Beast like Behemoth, but his usage of it is so crude. What a waste of such a powerful Companion Beast. No matter how powerful a Companion Beast is, it will still lose if one uses it recklessly," Zhang Xiao said coldly.

"That’s not necessarily the case." Zhang Chunqiu narrowed his eyes and muttered to himself.

Right then, in the midst of the explosion of light, a huge black mountain suddenly rose from the ground. The light blast that enveloped the arena turned into a cloud that seemed to linger around a black mountain. Although the light remained blinding, it couldn’t cause any substantial damage to the mountain.

As for the beam that shot down, it was like a waterfall of light. The mountain peak went against the waterfall and the waterfall immediately scattered, unable to stop the mountain’s rise.

"Not good... Quickly admit defeat and take back Chimera..." Senator Cape’s expression changed drastically as he ordered loudly.

However, it was already too late. The mountain-like Tyrant Behemoth opened its huge mouth and swallowed the stream of light along with Chimera. Instantly, the arena fell silent. The light vanished, leaving only a terrifying monster standing there.

The name of Chimera on the ranking vanished—replacing it was Tyrant Behemoth.

"It ended just like that?" Instantly, all the spectators fell silent.

No one expected the battle to end like this. The extremely powerful Chimera, a ferocious beast that had once killed a dragon, was actually devoured in one mouthful.

The terrifying explosion of light was like a volcanic eruption. It was as laughable as useless fireworks.

"Too powerful... It’s really too powerful... As expected of our West District’s divine beast, Behemoth. It’s simply invincible. With such a powerful existence, what creature in the world can withstand it?"

"It’s way too invincible. That’s Chimera. Yet, it was swallowed in one mouthful."

"How domineering. This is a truly invincible creature. What Primordial Sword Immortal? What Death of the Underworld? They are all weak. True men have to take it all in one mouthful."

"God, that Tyrant might really be able to destroy the world."

"I can’t believe my eyes. Tyrant Behemoth is too powerful. If I were its master, I think I would sit at home watching television before destroying the world."

"That’s the tyrant who rules the world."

Instantly, the Internet exploded with messages. Countless people were discussing Tyrant Behemoth.

The faces of the Cape family members became uglier by the second. Mythical Companion Beasts were rare to begin with. Now that Chimera, one of the best Companion Beasts in the Cape family, was dead, they felt their hearts bleed as they were extremely furious.

"Investigate. I want a full investigation. We have to find out who the owner of Tyrant Behemoth is." Senator Cape was extremely furious as he wished he could smash the television with one punch.

Zhang Xiao’s expression was equally ugly. Seeing Tyrant Behemoth’s strength made him feel even worse. This powerful Companion Beast might very well have belonged to him.

...

"Young Master Wen really has a good life. He already has a powerful Companion Beast like Torch Dragon, yet he has an existence like Tyrant Behemoth. Together with the Six-Winged Guardian Dragon and other Companion Beasts, I think his Companion Beasts alone can challenge a hero family," An Sheng said.

"Aren’t you underestimating the heritage of the six families? You’re ignoring the fact that Tyrant Behemoth might not be his. Even if it is his, it’s only the Companion Beast that’s strong. With insufficient strength himself, if he really wants to challenge a hero family, it’d be useless no matter how powerful a Companion Beast is," An Tianzuo said.

"Overseer is right," An Sheng said respectfully.

...

"Junior Brother, this Behemoth of yours is pretty good. Where did you get it from? I’ll get one later." Liu Yun’s eyes lit up as he looked at Zhou Wen.

"I got it at an auction." Zhou Wen took back Tyrant Behemoth and replied in a good mood.

"An auction? Which auction would sell something like that?" Liu Yun didn’t believe Zhou Wen at all. It would be a miracle if someone was willing to sell such a powerful Companion Beast.

"Make a guess." Zhou Wen had unknowingly been influenced by people such as The Thearch and Wang Mingyuan.

"Junior Brother, are you interested in betting with me?" Liu Yun wasn’t interested in guessing. He didn’t believe Tyrant Behemoth was bought from an auction.

"Not interested." Zhou Wen ignored Liu Yun and returned to his tent to game. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Zhou Wen didn’t plan on returning for the time being. He planned on getting Tyrant Behemoth to continue making challenges, but he still needed to study the target. It wasn’t suitable for him to directly challenge Primordial Sword Immortal.

However, the Federation and overseas faction were researching Tyrant Behemoth. Many people believed that Tyrant Behemoth’s strength wasn’t as simple as being ranked thirteenth. It was very likely that it had the strength to reach first on the rankings.

However, Tyrant Behemoth didn’t show much. Their analysis didn’t produce many results.

Liu Yun went out alone. After leaving Zhou Wen, he secretly went to a small forest to summon his Genie.

Liu Yun reached out to rub the oil lamp. Soon, Genie appeared in front of him. However, the Genie that appeared this time was different from before. Its entire body emitted a strange blue glow.

"Junior Brother, as your senior brother, let me teach you a good lesson." As Liu Yun spoke, he made a wish to the Genie. "Genie, I wish for my Life Soul’s power to be greatly enhanced."

When the Genie heard Liu Yun’s wish, its body, which suffused a magical glow, drilled into Liu Yun’s body. Soon, Liu Yun’s entire body suffused a blue glow.

With the help of Genie and a Life Soul, my Star Stealer can forcefully steal the Companion Beast that has already hatched. That punk will never expect me to have such an ability. Unfortunately, Star Stealer can’t lock onto a target. I can only steal something randomly. However, it doesn’t matter. That punk has so many Mythical Companion Beasts. With the help of the Genie’s wish and Life Soul’s augmentation, I can attempt a theft ten times. No matter how unlucky I am, I should be able to steal a Mythical right? It’s best if it’s Tyrant Behemoth. If not, the Golden Greatsword would do... Liu Yun thought as he carefully took out something.