Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 627 Star Stealer

Zhou Wen was grinding in the tent when he felt the jade-like tiny person suddenly open its eyes in his sea of consciousness. Its body emitted a strange treasure glow.

The treasure glow turned corporeal, piercing through his consciousness, causing Zhou Wen’s body to similarly emit a crystalline glow.

What’s going on? Why did Gods Retreat suddenly activate? Zhou Wen was somewhat surprised as he felt a vibration coming from somewhere on his body.

Upon closer inspection, he realized that the spot which was vibrating was actually a Musical Note Sprite tattoo. There was a Musical Note Sprite that seemed to be affected by some unknown force as it struggled to spread its wings.

However, due to the influence of the treasure glow generated by Gods Retreat, it was unable to fly out. It was trapped by the treasure glow like a butterfly trapped in a cage.

What’s going on? Zhou Wen attempted to control the power that Gods Retreat released, preventing the power from isolating the Musical Note Sprite tattoo.

With the power of Gods Retreat, the Musical Note Sprite tattoo immediately vanished under Zhou Wen’s nose. It only took a blink of an eye.

Furthermore, Zhou Wen had completely lost contact with the Musical Note Sprite, as though he had never had such a Companion Beast. If Zhou Wen hadn’t seen it disappear with his own eyes, he wouldn’t have realized that he had lost a Companion Beast. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

What power took away the Musical Note Sprite? Zhou Wen’s first reaction was to expand the power of the Truth Listener earring to its limit. He could hear the surrounding areas clearly. Even the falling of a strand of hair to the ground couldn’t escape his ears.

Soon, Zhou Wen discovered Liu Yun, who was hiding outside the town. The fellow was squatting in the grass. At a glance, it looked like he was shitting, but upon careful inspection, the fellow hadn’t even taken off his pants as he mumbled something.

Zhou Wen listened carefully and heard Liu Yun say, "What’s wrong with my Junior Brother? Why does he have such trashy Companion Beasts? Junior Brother, don’t worry. I’m still a gentleman. I’ll stop after stealing a Mythical Companion Beast from you."

Indeed, this fellow is up to no good. He’s really not afraid of death. Zhou Wen took a careful look and indeed, he saw the tattoo of a Musical Note Sprite on his body. It was identical to the one he had lost.

Zhou Wen remained unperturbed. He wanted to see what Liu Yun was up to.

Liu Yun didn’t know that Truth Listener’s range was that large. He was already so far away; yet, Zhou Wen could still monitor him.

Previously, the reason Liu Yun could make Truth Listener lose its effects was that he had already discovered Zhou Wen and determined that Zhou Wen was observing him. That was why he had allowed Genie to release its power to affect Truth Listener’s abilities.

Now, he didn’t know that Zhou Wen could monitor him from such a distance. Furthermore, with his Star Stealer’s ability, he could usually steal Companion Beasts without anyone noticing. It was impossible for the person he stole from to discover him.

The Companion Beast that Liu Yun had set up to keep watch didn’t notice anything from Zhou Wen. He imagined that Zhou Wen hadn’t even discovered that his Companion Beast had been stolen.

In fact, he wouldn’t have discovered the disappearance of the Musical Note Sprite if Zhou Wen didn’t habitually have Gods Retreat activated.

"Anyway, there are still nine chances. I’m sure I can steal a Mythical Companion Beast." Liu Yun gritted his teeth and reached out to grab at the void.

His fingertips shimmered with strange starlight as though something was burning. The starlight tore through the void, causing Liu Yun’s hand to vanish as though it was invisible.

When the hand pulled back from the void, there was a lively Musical Note Sprite in his hand. The Musical Note Sprite circled around him and automatically landed on him, turning into a tattoo.

Just like last time, Zhou Wen felt the tattoo of a Musical Note Sprite vibrate. He removed the power of Gods Retreat Life Soul, making the Musical Note Sprite tattoo vanish.

This fellow actually has such an ability! Doesn’t that mean he’s invincible? He can steal any Mythical Companion Beast he likes! Zhou Wen was alarmed as he continued observing silently.

It was better to encounter such a strange ability than to encounter it in the future. Now that he had figured out what was going on, he would have some experience for the future. He would know how to deal with it. This wasn’t a bad thing for Zhou Wen.

"Holy sh*t, why is it still a Musical Note Sprite? Why does that punk have so many trash Companion Beasts with him?" Liu Yun felt depressed when he saw that it was another Musical Note Sprite.

"Although they’re stolen randomly, the chances of obtaining the same Companion Beast in a row shouldn’t be high, right?" Liu Yun didn’t believe it as he reached out to steal again.

So it turns out that the ability to steal Companion Beasts is random. Zhou Wen discovered some problems. On Liu Yun’s fingertip, there was a short strand of hair. When Liu Yun used Star Stealer, the strand of hair would burn.

Zhou Wen knew at a glance that it was his hair.

When did this fellow steal my hair? Zhou Wen had to admit that Liu Yun was indeed top-notch when it came to stealing. He was actually able to steal his hair without him noticing.

Knowing that Liu Yun’s stealing of Companion Beasts was random, Zhou Wen felt relieved. He had been farming Musical Note Sprites for so long. Almost every time he respawned, he would farm the dungeon. Now, the number of Musical Note Sprites he possessed had reached more than four thousand. Altogether, Zhou Wen had more than five thousand Companion Beasts.

The chance of stealing his Mythical Companion Beasts was about one in a thousand. This would be extremely difficult unless one had Wang Lu’s luck.

Zhou Wen realized that he could only discover that Liu Yun had stolen something from him when the Gods Retreat Life Soul was activated. Even Truth Listener’s hearing and Evil Nullification were useless.

If Gods Retreat wasn’t activated, the Companion Beast tattoo on his body would vanish without a trace. Unless he happened to see the tattoo disappear, it would be very difficult to discover that he had lost his Companion Beast.

What skill is this? Where can I obtain such a skill? Zhou Wen felt that he could learn similar skills.

In the future, anytime he saw people from the Cape family and the Special Inspector Bureau, he could try stealing from them.

"Another Musical Note Sprite?" Liu Yun nearly jumped up in frustration when he saw the Companion Beast he had stolen.

In his rage, Liu Yun quickly grabbed with both hands, constantly using the Star Stealer to grab Companion Beasts one after another.

Musical Note Sprite... Musical Note Sprite... Musical Note Sprite... Another Musical Note Sprite... Liu Yun stole with both hands, but in the end, they were all Musical Note Sprites. He had already stolen seven of them in a row. He only had three chances left out of his ten attempts.

"What the hell? How many Musical Note Sprites did that punk bring with him? How can I be only getting a Musical Note Sprite each time?" Liu Yun was so angry that he nearly vomited blood.

Zhou Wen chuckled inwardly. More than 90% of the Companion Beasts on him were Musical Note Sprites. He wouldn’t find it strange if all Liu Yun’s thefts were Musical Note Sprites.

However, Zhou Wen still carefully used Gods Retreat to confirm that Liu Yun didn’t steal an important Companion Beast. Only then would he release it and let him steal it.

"No, I can’t continue like this. That punk has countless Musical Note Sprites on him. I have to think of a way." Liu Yun had no intention of giving up. The Genie’s wish had been used. Even if he didn’t continue stealing, he wouldn’t have his wish refunded. He could only continue stealing.