Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

633 The Federation is Incompetent

War Angel was a Mythical Companion Beast with golden wings. He wore golden armor and held a sword in one hand and a shield in the other. He was a Companion Beast with extremely powerful offensive and defensive abilities.

Orochi quickly accepted the challenge and appeared in the arena. This battle attracted a large number of spectators.

Because Orochi had won several consecutive battles and made Tyrant Behemoth retreat without a fight, it was placed in the limelight. It was so great that it was almost comparable to top Companion Beasts like Primordial Immortal Sword and Death of the Underworld.

However, its ranking remained at thirteen. It didn’t continue challenging upwards.

The moment Orochi appeared, its eight snake heads spewed out different powers—poison, flames, and smoke. Together with its mountainous form, it looked extremely terrifying.

War Angel raised the golden shield in his hand and formed a barrier of light, blocking the many forces outside the barrier. The wings on his back flapped as he instantly came in front of Orochi. The golden sword in his hand slashed at one of the snake heads with a resplendent and holy sword beam.

Clang!

A snake tail slammed into War Angel’s sword beam like a phantom. It shattered the sword beam and sent War Angel flying.

In terms of strength, War Angel was clearly no match for Orochi.

War Angel wasn’t injured. He raised his shield and sword and constantly circled Orochi while attacking, but it didn’t serve much purpose.

Although his shield could block Orochi’s attack, its sword beam was similarly unable to injure Orochi. Every strike was blocked, causing the battle to enter a stalemate.

The West District citizens naturally hoped for War Angel to win. As for the other districts, they were just watching the fun. This was because no one could confirm that Orochi was a Companion Beast from overseas.

As the battle continued, the golden wings on War Angel’s back suddenly turned into golden feathers that spread out and condensed towards the golden sword. The golden sword turned into a huge golden feather sword that slashed at Orochi with unparalleled light.

This strike was War Angel’s Wheel of Destiny, known as the End of War. It possessed unparalleled destructive power. The Cape family hoped to use the End of War to defeat Orochi.

Many people in the West District knew of the existence of War Angel. When they saw End of War, they were excited, imagining that War Angel was finally about to unleash its maximum strength.

Even people who didn’t know the might of End of War felt that this strike was invincible when they saw the golden sword beam that resembled divine punishment. Even if Orochi wasn’t killed, it would be severely injured.

However, in the next second, the West District citizen’s fantasy was shattered. Orochi’s tail struck the terrifying golden sword beam with a cold beam.

The golden sword beam was sliced apart along with the feather blade. Even the shield was split in half. Thankfully, War Angel retreated quickly, or his body might have been split in half.

At this stage, War Angel’s owner didn’t dare continue. He chose to admit defeat and leave the battlefield. If he continued fighting, he probably wouldn’t even have the chance to admit defeat.

The people from West District fell silent while the people from the other districts gloated.

“The angels in the West District are nothing much after all. They can’t even defeat a snake.”

“How embarrassing. The two hero families can’t even deal with a snake. They were even beaten up so badly.”

“Thankfully, Tyrant Behemoth was smart and didn’t accept the challenge. Otherwise, it might have been sliced into two if it didn’t escape as quickly as War Angel.”

As for the West District, they were in a frenzy. The Internet was abuzz. There were people requesting Tyrant Behemoth to take the stage again, but there were also people who wanted the two families to send stronger Companion Beasts. Such a failure was intolerable.

As for the pessimists of the West District, they believed that Orochi was invincible.

The two families were in a difficult position, but to send a top-notch Companion Beast into battle now would only expose their strength and affect their plan to achieve first place.

...

When Liu Yun and Zhou Wen arrived at a city closest to the desert, they saw the video of Orochi fighting War Angel. Liu Yun exclaimed, “What a powerful, destructive force. The tail of Orochi is like an invincible divine weapon. It can even shatter End of War. It’s terrifying. It was right for you not to accept the challenge back then. This power is the nemesis of all pure Strength-type Companion Beasts.”

Zhou Wen said, “In myths, there’s a divine sword in the tail of Orochi. It’s an infallible weapon. That should be Orochi’s most powerful trump card.”

After watching Orochi’s battle, Zhou Wen felt more at ease. Orochi was indeed powerful, but it was impossible for it to defeat Tyrant Behemoth.

The destructive power of Golden Overlord Sword was in no way inferior to Orochi. Its attack power was augmented by Golden Sword Aura, Unstoppable, and Ever-Victorious. Yet, it could only injure Tyrant Behemoth when it didn’t use Absolute Strength. Once it used Absolute Strength, the Golden Overlord Sword’s offensive power could only cause a faint sword mark on Tyrant Behemoth.

Of course, that was under Zhou Wen’s deliberate act. In fact, Tyrant Behemoth wouldn’t even give Golden Overlord Sword a chance to hit it when it used Absolute Strength. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Unfortunately, there were too many people in the city. Zhou Wen didn’t wish to be too ostentatious or he would have gotten Tyrant Behemoth to finish Orochi.

The two of them left the city and continued heading towards the desert. Now, all Zhou Wen wanted was to quickly reach the Endless Sea of Stars and see if he could download a game dungeon.

...

While the two families in the West District were hesitating, Orochi, which had not challenged anything of a higher rank, made a move. It challenged fourth-place, Ice Elemental Sprite Queen.

It was a Mythical Companion Beast that belonged to the Ultimate Family Clan. It was currently in fourth place, only inferior to Primordial Sword Immortal, Death of the Underworld, and Fairy Immortal Gu.

Legend had it that Fairy Immortal Gu was from the Dugu family, but up to now, no one had confirmed it.

Ice Elemental Sprite Queen was proficient in ice power and could freeze everything. As for the Wheel of Destiny—Extreme Cold—legend had it that it was the power closest to absolute zero.

Unfortunately, Orochi seemed to have very high resistance to ice. When the entire combat arena was frozen, it actually shattered the ice and slashed out with its tail, almost killing Ice Elemental Sprite Queen.

The owner of Ice Elemental Sprite Queen had no choice but to admit defeat. However, after that, Orochi did something unimaginable.

Orochi’s eight heads spewed out eight different powers including ice, fire, and smoke at the same time, condensing eight words in the void.

“The Federation is incompetent. The heroes are shameless.”

Instantly, the entire Federation erupted with rage. To say such words made it very obvious. Orochi was undoubtedly an overseas Companion Beast.

This time, it wasn’t just the West District. The entire Federation’s Four Districts were filled with indignation.