Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 66 Charging into Small Buddha Temple

Zhou Wen took a look at the blood-colored avatar’s stats and saw that the Heart Meditation in the Primordial Energy Skill slot had vanished. Replacing it was Blood Meditation.

Zhou Wen attempted activating Blood Meditation and immediately a cool aura emerged from his heart. That aura went to every part of his body by coursing through his veins, making Zhou Wen feel an indescribable comfort.

As for his skin, it suffused an abnormal ruddiness that made him look a little odd.

It felt a little different from Heart Meditation. Furthermore, the Primordial Energy expenditure was much slower. One point of Primordial Energy lasted almost three minutes. With 10 Primordial Energy, Zhou Wen could use Blood Meditation for almost half an hour.

If Blood Meditation is like Heart Meditation, half an hour should be enough to counter the Small Buddha Temple’s mysterious force. It’s enough for me to make a few trips to the stone staircase in front of the temple. Zhou Wen didn’t waste any time and immediately got the blood-colored avatar to ride the Silver-Winged Flying Ant and fly for Small Buddha Temple.

As he expected, Blood Meditation and Heart Meditation had the same effect. After activating Heart Meditation, the blood-colored avatar ran all the way up the stone stairs until it arrived in front of Small Buddha Temple without any accidents.

Small Buddha Temple was dilapidated. The sign on the door had already faded and the walls surrounding the temple were crumbling in many places.

Pushing open the dust-covered door, Zhou Wen saw the interior laden with dust. However, he was slightly taken aback.

He was prepared to battle a powerful dimensional creature, but he didn’t see any dimensional creature in the yard. There was only a stone monument in the middle of the yard.

Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra? Zhou Wen couldn’t help but be somewhat perplexed when he identified the biggest words on the stone monument.

Large Perfection of Wisdom Sutra was well-known to many. It was a theoretical foundation of the Great Vehicle Buddhism. After the dimensional storms, a Buddhist figured out a Primordial Energy Art from it. Along with the Agama, it was ranked as the two greatest Primordial Energy Art in Buddhism. They were Primordial Energy Arts capable of the Epic stage, in no way inferior to the Li family’s Invincible Connate Divine Art.

However, Zhou Wen had never heard of the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra. This name sounded like a joke.

After getting the blood-colored avatar to approach it and carefully look at its contents, he immediately felt his mind groggy, with his head almost exploding.

This sutra is odd! Zhou Wen was alarmed. Just as he was about to cast his gaze away, he suddenly felt the Primordial Energy in his body slow down.

Ever since Zhou Wen cultivated the Lost Immortal Sutra, it would constantly flow without him needing to deliberately cultivate

it.

Now, the sudden slowdown of the Lost Immortal Sutra’s automatic circulation speed was unprecedented. However, after it slowed down, Zhou Wen felt his splitting headache seem to alleviate.

When Zhou Wen looked at the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra again, he no longer felt the discomfort.

He was surprised as he continued reading the sutra. He realized that the more of it he read, the slower the Lost Immortal Sutra’s circulation became.

There was just too much text on the monument, so before Zhou Wen could finish reading it, the screen went black—the blood-colored avatar had died.

Ah! Only then did Zhou Wen recall that he had Blood Meditation activated the entire time. By reading the sutra for an extended period of time, Blood Meditation had expended all his Primordial Energy and stopped circulating.

From the looks of it, Small Buddha Temple is just like the stairs. It has an odd force blanketing it. Without Blood Meditation to protect me, means death. If I had known earlier, I wouldn’t have read the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra, Zhou Wen thought.

Dripping a drop of blood and entering the Underground Buddha City dungeon again, Zhou Wen first headed for the lotus pond, planning to kill the Mutated Buddha Heart Lotus. It was best if a Companion Egg dropped and even if none dropped, a Primordial Energy Crystal was appreciated.

However, to his dismay, after spending plenty of effort, all that dropped was a 14-valued Strength Crystal when he finally killed the Mutated Buddha Heart Lotus.

When the blood-colored avatar picked up the Strength Crystal and absorbed it, its Strength stat didn’t grow. It remained at 10.

From the looks of it, even if I cultivate the Lost Immortal Sutra, the bottleneck of my realm remains. I’m unable to exceed the limitations of 10 points at the Mortal stage. Zhou Wen felt somewhat disappointed.

After killing all the Buddha Heart Lotuses and finally replenishing ten points of Primordial Energy, Zhou Wen headed for the Small Buddha Temple.

This time, Zhou Wen didn’t waste time at the stone monument. After entering the temple, he headed straight for the grand hall’s entrance.

The grand hall was already in a shambles. Its roof had mostly collapsed and its door was slanted, about to topple at any moment. There wasn’t any sign above the door, so the name of the hall was unknown.

The blood-colored avatar pushed the door, causing it to creak and fall into the hall. With a thud, it sent dust flying into the air.

Looking at the dust-laden hall, his eyes first noticed a Buddha statue.

Although the game had a cartoon version of a Buddha statue, it still shocked Zhou Wen. Buddha statues typically had genial looks and stately bearing. Only a few guardians had furious glares.

However, those kinds of deities would never be consecrated in the middle of the main hall. Yet, this Buddha statue wore a devil’s expression. Although it didn’t have a furious expression, it made Zhou Wen shudder. It seemed to be staring at him coldly.

Boom! Zhou Wen only managed to take one look because the blood-colored avatar exploded the moment it took a step into the hall. It reduced to a pool of blood and the game screen went black.

Zhou Wen broke out into a cold sweat. Small Buddha Temple sure is odd. Just one look can kill. Thankfully, I didn’t head there with my real body; otherwise, no amount of lives could keep me alive. I wonder how those predecessors explored dimensional zones. Perhaps plenty of lives were sacrificed to attain what we have today.

Although Zhou Wen knew of stories of the tragic sacrifices when soldiers explored dimensional zones while in school, it was nowhere as shocking as experiencing it himself.

Zhou Wen then had another thought. After entering the hall, even Blood Meditation is useless. However, the temple has a stone monument with the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra. Perhaps it might be of some use. However, there’s clearly a Primordial Energy Art and I’ve already cultivated Lost Immortal Sutra. I can’t change my Primordial Energy Art and this Small Buddha Temple is so odd. Who knows if that Primordial Energy Art has any problems. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

After some hesitation, Zhou Wen decided to first memorize the sutra when entering the Small Buddha Temple.

As for taking pictures, that could be struck off. Ordinary phones couldn’t take pictures of the screen of the mysterious phone, so all Zhou Wen could do was memorize it himself.

The sutra was very long, but thankfully, it wasn’t like the Lost Immortal Sutra which made memorizing untenable. Zhou Wen memorized a few paragraphs each time and left Small Buddha Temple whenever the time was almost up. He would then head back in once he recovered his Primordial Energy.

After he had memorized the entire sutra, he realized that the sky had lit up. He had stayed up the entire night again.

Just as Zhou Wen remembered the last line of the sutra, Lost Immortal Sutra, which had nearly stopped circulating, suddenly circulated crazily.