Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 660: Count of the Wind

Translator: CKtalon

Has the Xia family finally taken action? Zhou Wen hurriedly unlocked his phone and randomly found a video website. He found the live broadcast.

The scene was of the cube’s screen where a white-haired man in black levitated above the cube’s arena.

However, the man’s lower body was a snake. The black clothes on his body flapped amidst zero wind. Even his long white hair slowly fluttered in the air.

Count of the Wind... Zhou Wen was immediately shocked when he saw the humanoid Companion Beast’s name.

Count of the Wind and the Lord of the Rain were famous existences who had participated in the Zhuolu battle. He never expected the Xia family to have a terrifying Companion Beast like Count of the Wind.

That’s not right. I didn’t find Count of the Wind and the Lord of the Rain in Zhuolu. Where did the Xia family’s Count of the Wind come from? Zhou Wen frowned in thought.

Logically speaking, Count of the Wind should be in Zhuolu, but it wasn’t to be found. Furthermore, the Xia family’s possession of Count of the Wind made Zhou Wen feel that something was amiss.

“Old Zhou, I’m here. Quickly open the door,” Li Xuan shouted from outside.

“Why are you here now?” Zhou Wen opened the door and saw Li Xuan holding his phone, watching the live stream as well.

“It’s boring to watch such a battle alone. Did you see Count of the Wind? Although I don’t know his combat strength, his looks way too cool. As expected of a famous existence in the mythical battle,” Li Xuan said as he looked inside. Seeing the antelope sleeping on the sofa, he carefully walked in and pulled a chair to sit down.

“It’s definitely not as simple as a probe if the Xia family is taking action.” Just as Zhou Wen was speaking, he suddenly saw a flash on the combat platform. Primordial Sword Immortal had already charged over and accepted the challenge.

Primordial Sword Immortal was straightforward. After appearing, the ruby on its hilt emitted sword beams that transformed into a rain of swords that charged at Count of the Wind.

Count of the Wind floated in the air as a formless wind thrust his body. He fanned the sword rain with the peacock feathered fan in his hand.

The formless wind immediately reversed the sword rain’s direction and collided with the sword beams behind it. Immediately, an explosion sounded as the sky was filled with sword flashes.

A sword hum resounded through the void as Primordial Sword Immortal automatically unsheathed its scabbard and slashed at Count of the Wind with terrifying speed.

Count of the Wind’s body drifted as though he was being carried by the wind. He easily dodged Primordial Sword Immortal’s attack.

However, Primordial Sword Immortal refused to give up. It slashed at Count of the Wind again and again as sword beams crisscrossed, as though they were about to tear the world apart.

The Golden Overlord Sword and Primordial Sword Immortal were considered similar Companion Beasts, but the Golden Overlord Sword was much weaker in comparison.

Primordial Sword Immortal wasn’t just slashing. Its every move was a profound sword technique.

It was a real sword technique, not an Essence Energy Skill. Zhou Wen could even sense the astonishing sword intent. Just the sword intent alone made Zhou Wen sigh at his inferiority.

Even his Transcendent Flying Immortal was inferior to that sword’s realm.

“Holy sh*t, how can this be? A sword actually has such a terrifying sword technique and sword intent. Who can beat it?” Li Xuan also noticed the uniqueness of the situation as he exclaimed in surprise.

Zhou Wen nodded with a heavy expression. Although Li Xuan appeared as carefree as usual, Zhou Wen could sense that he cared a lot about Count of the Wind.

Zhou Wen also understood why Li Xuan cared so much about it. Li Mobai had once said that the reason their talented eldest brother died so early was because of the Xia family.

Li Xuan treated the Xia family as a conjectured enemy, which was why he was so concerned.

Count of the Wind rode the wind and floated amidst the shocking barrage of sword techniques. The terrifying Primordial Sword Immortal was unable to injure him at all.

From beginning to end, Count of the Wind only dodged and didn’t counterattack. He seemed to be observing the strength of Primordial Sword Immortal.

What a powerful movement technique... Zhou Wen’s eyes lit up when he saw Count of the Wind’s movement technique.

Count of the Wind’s movement technique was different from his Transcendent Flying Immortal despite all of them being called movement techniques.

Count of the Wind’s movement techniques were extremely elegant. No matter how fast Primordial Sword Immortal’s sword techniques were, they were unable to even touch his clothes.

Count of the Wind looked like a god of the wind. The sword winds brought by Primordial Sword Immortal made his body drift about with the sword wind. Therefore, no matter how fast Primordial Sword Immortal was, it couldn’t touch him. Count of the Wind was simply riding the wind.

I wonder if Banana Fairy will be as strong as Count of the Wind when she evolves to the Mythical stage. Zhou Wen was somewhat looking forward to evolving Banana Fairy who was of the same type.

After failing to hit Count of the Wind, Primordial Sword Immortal suddenly stopped attacking and flew back into its scabbard.

Ever since the stone sword was unsheathed, the scabbard had been floating there without any movement. At this moment, the scabbard spewed out immortal beams.

Soon, the immortal glow condensed into a humanoid immortal figure. The immortal figure held the scabbard in one hand and the stone sword in the other. It looked at Count of the Wind from afar.

So this is the true face of Primordial Sword Immortal. The previous battles weren’t enough to force out his true body. Zhou Wen stared at Primordial Sword Immortal. Although he could only see an immortal silhouette that resembled a sword spirit, the powerful sword intent on him was enough to shock anyone.

Just by standing in midair with the sword in hand, he gave off an aura of supremacy. It was as if he could slice apart the entire world with just one strike.

What domineering sword intent... Zhou Wen stared at Primordial Sword Immortal. Such domineering sword intent was very similar to Transcendent Flying Immortal’s domineering aspect.

However, it was even more domineering than Transcendent Flying Immortal. It was also more natural and had a higher realm.

On the other side, Count of the Wind remained calm and composed. He seemed to be walking leisurely as though he didn’t care about the terror that Primordial Sword Immortal was unleashing.

However, Zhou Wen could sense that Count of the Wind wasn’t underestimating Primordial Sword Immortal. It was just that his realm was as such—a complete disregard of everything in the world.

Even if all the deities in the world were his enemies, he could still remain ever so calm even on the brink of death.

Zhou Wen looked at Primordial Sword Immortal before looking at Count of the Wind. He seemed to have figured something out, that he felt two eyes were insufficient. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Suddenly, Primordial Sword Immortal moved. The sword moved like a ray of light, as though it had sliced through half the sky. It was so fast that one could only see the sword’s glow and not see his movements.

Count of the Wind also moved. He transformed into a gust of wind that could no longer be seen with the naked eye. He rushed to face off with Primordial Sword Immortal’s sword glow.

Boom!

A cool breeze met the sword glow as a terrifying shockwave rose up.

The fan and sword constantly clashed, but most people only saw light blasts. They couldn’t see the two Companion Beasts, much less their techniques.

Zhou Wen couldn’t even keep up despite his eyesight. All he could do was switch to the Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra and use the Eight Perfections Wisdom and Hell King Life Soul to strengthen his vision. Even then he could barely make out what was happening.