Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 674: Clashing Tai Sui

Translator: CKtalon

Tai Sui was still fair and tender. From its size, it had slimmed down from what it had eaten previously and returned to its original appearance. It looked no different from when it was at the Mortal stage. Zhou Wen had no choice but to look at its information.

Tai Sui: Epic (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Clashing Tai Sui

Life Soul: Twelve Tai Sui Gods

Strength: 41

Speed: 41

Constitution: 41

Essence Energy: 41

Talent Skill: Earth Escape

Companion Form: Mimicry

After Zhou Wen finished reading the stats, his expression turned odd. People in the East District probably knew about the words ‘Clashing Tai Sui’. It meant that one was in for some unlucky times.

As for the Twelve Tai Sui Gods, Zhou Wen had never heard of them. He carefully looked at the information on the Life Providence and Life Soul.

Clashing Tai Sui: One’s characteristic clashes with Tai Sui

Twelve Tai Sui Gods: Zodiac Twelve Tai Sui Gods

Although he didn’t understand it clearly, Zhou Wen already felt that it was definitely not some lucky Life Providence. What good could come from having a characteristic clash with Tai Sui?

If I had known this would happen, I might not have let it evolve!

Zhou Wen was somewhat speechless as he hurriedly put Tai Sui away. He was afraid that he would be in trouble if he were to clash with it. He might be in trouble in the blink of an eye.

Zhou Wen was momentarily at a loss as to how to deal with Tai Sui. He really couldn’t bear to part with it by fusing it with something else. This was an existence that could advance to the Mythical stage in the future. What was even rarer was that this fellow was extremely effective against microscopic dimensional creatures.

When it was at the Mortal stage, it could kill the Mythical Primordial Spore. It was probably difficult to find another Companion Beast like that.

Let’s wait and see. If it really brings bad luck, I’ll think of a way to deal with it. After some thought, Zhou Wen decided to keep it for now.

After putting away Tai Sui, Zhou Wen carefully sized up the Great Might Vajra Bull Companion Egg. There were many mysterious magic circles and incantations on it. Furthermore, the magic circles and incantations emitted intense Essence Energy fluctuations. Clearly, someone had used a strange power to inject Essence Energy into the magic circle and incantations.

With the Essence Energy that was stored ahead of time, the difficulty of incubating it would decrease greatly. To be able to do something that amazing, it probably wasn’t done by the typical Epic stage expert.

Zhou Wen studied it for a long time, but he couldn’t figure out how the magic circles and incantations were produced. It was as though they had already entered deep into the Companion Egg.

Such an ingenious method is like a precious treasure to an ordinary Epic, but it’s useless for me. Even without the pre-injected Essence Energy, I can still incubate a Mythical Companion Egg. Zhou Wen tried injecting his Essence Energy to incubate the Great Might Vajra Bull.

The Essence Energy didn’t enter the Companion Egg directly. Instead, it circulated along the magic formation and incantations before entering the Companion Egg. Apart from the supplementary stored Essence Energy, it also slowed down the Essence Energy absorption speed of the Mythical Companion Egg.

The entire process was very smooth. Even an ordinary Epic could incubate it with the help of the magic circles and incantations.

I wonder if this technique is easy to learn. If I can learn it, it will be a good way to earn money. Many people will definitely be willing to pay to incubate high-level Companion Beasts. Zhou Wen thought.

Zhou Wen didn’t know that using this method was extremely difficult. There weren’t more than ten people in the entire Federation who could use such techniques. Furthermore, to carve the magic formation and incantations on it required expending a large number of precious resources.

Unless it was a Mythical Companion Egg, it wasn’t worth spending such a huge price on the hatching of a typical Companion Egg.

Back when An Sheng hatched Love Letter, he couldn’t bear to use this method. Instead, he found a dimensional zone with abundant Essence Energy and used the special Essence Energy environment, along with some Essence Energy Crystals and mystical techniques to incubate it.

Great Might Vajra Bull: Mythical

Life Providence: Extreme Might, Extreme Strength

Life Soul: Bull-Headed Wisdom King

Wheel of Destiny: Soul Suppression Bell

Strength: 80

Speed: 78

Constitution: 80

Essence Energy: 80

Talent Skill: Great Might Divine Horns, Fury of Thunder, Infallible Vajra, Buddha Flames.

Companion Form: Mount

Its skills and attributes were very strong, and it had four skills. They looked pretty good. It had all the abilities it should have. The golden bell was the Great Might Vajra Bull’s Wheel of Destiny, which was also the skill that Zhou Wen valued the most.

However, what’s with it being a mount? This was the first time Zhou Wen had seen one. He imagined that a Companion Beast in companion form would be a mount—no different from the typical Companion Beast form.

I’ll give it a try. Let’s see how different this mount is from simply riding it. Zhou Wen took out his phone and entered the game dungeon before summoning the Great Might Vajra Bull.

Soon, Zhou Wen realized that the Great Might Vajra Bull in its mount form was indeed different. When Zhou Wen rode the Six-Winged, he needed to command it. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

However, the Great Might Vajra Bull in its mount form didn’t need Zhou Wen’s commanding. It was as though it had become Zhou Wen’s limb. It could move according to his wishes. The only difference was that the Great Might Vajra Bull didn’t grow on him.

Professional mounts are indeed different. Zhou Wen finally understood what the ancients meant by human and horse as one.

Now, his riding skills—human and bull as one—was pretty good. At the very least, it was much more comfortable than riding Six-Winged.

If there was any weakness of the Great Might Vajra Bull to point out, it would be its inability to fly. It was indeed extremely powerful on the ground, but it couldn’t fly or go into water.

However, it doesn’t matter. In any case, the skill I need the most is the Great Might Vajra Bull’s Soul Suppression Bell. The other skills are secondary. Zhou Wen took the Great Might Vajra Bull to the Qiongqi temple. The moment Qiongqi appeared, the Great Might Vajra Bull used the Soul Suppression Bell, causing Qiongqi to feel dizzy.

Zhou Wen’s Golden Overlord Sword cleaved down, severely injuring Qiongqi with his sword. Following that, it was a one-sided slaughter. Soon, Qiongqi fell under his sword.

Awesome. That’s what a real man is. A cowboy! Zhou Wen felt extremely delighted. Killing monsters in such a manner was much easier than charging forward on his own.

Since he had nothing to do, Zhou Wen summoned the Primordial Spore to see how useful it was.

As the stats of the Primordial Spore were too poor, Zhou Wen didn’t dare use it against Mythical creatures. Instead, he went to the bat cave to test it out.

The Primordial Spore slowly floated towards the ceiling of the cave. The poisonous bats hanging upside down didn’t realize the impending danger.

They didn’t have the ability to discover a tiny existence like the Primordial Spore, so they had no idea that the danger was near them.

The Primordial Spore landed on the head of a Poison Bat. The Poison Bat didn’t even realize its existence as the Primordial Spore vanished in the blink of an eye.

Zhou Wen originally imagined that the Primordial Spore would grow a tiny mushroom over the Poison Bat’s head like ordinary spores, but nothing like that happened. The Poison Bat suddenly opened its eyes, but the look in its eyes turned odd as it flapped its wings and moved towards Zhou Wen.