Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 675: Soul Parasitizing

Translator: CKtalon

Could it be... Zhou Wen was delighted when he saw the Poison Bat fly over.

Indeed, the Poison Bat flew in front of Zhou Wen and circled him. Zhou Wen could sense the thoughts of Primordial Spore in the Poison Bat’s brain.

With a thought, Zhou Wen issued an order to Primordial Spore. The Poison Bat flew up according to Zhou Wen’s orders before charging at the group of Poison Bats and engaging the other Poison Bats in battle.

The other Poison Bats were still somewhat puzzled, unsure what had happened. A few of them had been killed by the Poison Bat controlled by Primordial Spore before it was killed by the other Poison Bats.

After the Poison Bat died, the Primordial Spore floated out and slowly returned to Zhou Wen’s side.

Zhou Wen was alarmed when he saw this, but he was pleasantly surprised. Is this Soul Parasitizing? This fellow can actually control other dimensional creatures through parasitizing. Then, can it control Mythical creatures?

Zhou Wen couldn’t wait to give it a try. He went to the Torch Dragon temple, hoping to see if he could get Primordial Spore to control Torch Dragon.

Unfortunately, Torch Dragon had great eyesight. It immediately discovered the Primordial Spore and didn’t give it a chance. It directly used the Bright Torch Vision World and sucked Primordial Spore into the Vision World.

From the looks of it, it’s still a little difficult to parasitize Torch Dragon. I’ll try someone with poorer eyesight.

Zhou Wen went to the Metalwork Temple to see if he could parasitize the Golden Battle God Halberd, but it didn’t have any effect.

The Primordial Spore was unable to penetrate Golden Battle God Halberd’s body. Although it was not killed by Golden Battle God Halberd, it failed to parasitize it successfully.

From the looks of it, Primordial Spore can only parasitize animals or plant-type dimensional creatures. Zhou Wen’s heart stirred as he took it to the underground sea to test it out with the nine black dragons.

Primordial Spore successfully entered a black dragon’s body, but the black dragon was clearly formidable. Primordial Spore was unable to control it given the short period of time. It only rooted itself in the black dragon’s head, and it was unknown when it would completely gain control.

From the feedback from Primordial Spore, it was not a matter of a few days.

Primordial Spore’s powers are pretty good, but it takes too long to control Mythical creatures. It’s not very useful in-game. Zhou Wen had to respawn dungeons every day, so it was impossible for him to use Primordial Spore to slowly parasitize creatures.

Although it’s not very useful in-game, if I can get Primordial Spore to parasitize a powerful dimensional creature in real life, wouldn’t I have an extremely powerful fighter... Who should I parasitize? There are already many terrifying dimensional creatures in Dragon Gate Grotto. Why don’t I find an opportunity here... Zhou Wen thought to himself as he planned how to use Primordial Spore to maximize his benefits.

... Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Over the next few days, many strange dimensional creatures rushed out of Dragon Gate Grotto. Although many dimensional creatures were ferocious, the damage they caused wasn’t as great as the Parasite Spores.

Sometimes, powerful dimensional creatures were not as terrifying as the weak spores.

As Zhou Wen had treated almost every soldier and officer, the soldiers and officers were very respectful to him when he delivered the supplies.

Li Xuan and Feng Qiuyan had also gained the respect of the soldiers and officers because of their achievements in the previous battle.

Although the dimensional creatures that rushed out of Dragon Gate Grotto were destroyed, the situation didn’t improve. The golden robes of the skeleton in the mountain temple became even more resplendent. Even in the dark night, it illuminated the entire Dragon Gate Grotto.

The river beside Dragon Gate Grotto hadn’t been peaceful for the past few days. The temperature of the river was extremely high. In the beginning, it only emitted white steam, but it had begun boiling over the past two days.

The fish and shrimps inside died and floated to the surface of the river.

No one dared to fish up the shrimps. In the end, they fell apart from the river’s boiling and sank.

“What’s the origins of the monk-robed skeleton in the mountain seal? Do you think the anomaly in Dragon Gate Grotto is because of the monk-robed skeleton?” After Li Xuan and Zhou Wen finished transporting the supplies, they stood by the river’s defense line and looked at Dragon Gate Grotto. All they could see was golden light enveloping it. And the source of the golden light was the monk-robed skeleton.

“That’s possible.” Zhou Wen also felt that it was possible.

However, up to now, no one could clearly tell the source of Dragon Gate Grotto’s anomaly.

Leng Zongzheng hadn’t looked for Zhou Wen since his private conversation with him. Therefore Zhou Wen wasn’t kept abreast of the situation.

There was one thing that Zhou Wen was more concerned about. For so many days, the giant golden bird that had lived above Dragon Gate Grotto hadn’t revealed itself. It was unknown what it was waiting for.

Boom! Boom!

As the two of them were watching Dragon Gate Grotto, a terrifying sound suddenly came from the other side of the river bank. The ground seemed to quake with the sound.

The river also produced ripples due to the shock. The ripples pushed forward ripple by ripple before finally creating a wave.

Zhou Wen and Li Xuan looked in the direction of the sound. Under the moonlight, they saw a gigantic white elephant walking along the river bank. It was likely heading to Dragon Gate Grotto based on the direction it was traveling.

“What a huge white elephant. Where did this fellow come from?” Li Xuan asked in surprise.

The white elephant was indeed massive. An ordinary elephant probably didn’t even reach its knees. Not only was its body huge, but it also emitted a strange glow as though it was bathed in holy light.

Its pair of tusks were pure and white as if they were made of jade.

The gigantic white elephant walked over step by step. Every step it took made a huge print in the ground, causing the ground to tremble. The houses in the encampment seemed to sway with every step.

The white elephant was clearly not a dimensional creature from Dragon Gate Grotto. It walked to the opposite side of Dragon Gate Grotto and directly entered the river. It looked like it wanted to cross the river and enter Dragon Gate Grotto.

The river was boiling and the temperature was extremely high. However, the white elephant didn’t seem to notice it. The moment it stepped in, the river overflowed.

Leng Zongzheng, An Tianzuo, Qin Wufu, and company had already come out. They were also watching the white elephant.

The soldiers guarding the front line couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief when they saw that the white elephant wasn’t heading towards the encampment. The pressure the white elephant gave them was just too strong.

The elephant parted the river’s water; its might left one shuddering.

Just as the elephant was about to reach the center of the river, a hook-like black claw suddenly reached out from the river.