Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 689: Invisible Fire

Thankfully, nothing happened. Zhou Wen couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief when he felt Truth Listener’s emotions slowly calm down.

Every time Truth Listener’s earring shattered, it gave Zhou Wen an ominous feeling. If not for the fact that he had no choice, Zhou Wen wouldn’t be willing to let Truth Listener shatter the earring to fight.

However, in this situation, there was nothing else he could do. Zhou Wen had already used all the combat strength he could muster, so there was no way he could hold back.

With the golden-winged bird dead, Zhou Wen no longer had any worries. Unfortunately, he didn’t discover any Companion Eggs or dimensional crystals.

Gripping the Golden Overlord Sword tightly, Zhou Wen charged at the monk-robed skeleton. At the same time, he summoned the Great Might Vajra Bull and used the Soul Suppression Bell as support to attack the monk-robed skeleton.

Without the help of the crystal, the monk-clothed skeleton’s strength decreased significantly. Under the siege, it was stunned by the Soul Suppression Bell. Zhou Wen took the opportunity to slash at it, slicing off one of its legs, causing its movement to slow down significantly.

An Sheng also took the opportunity to use the fixing incantation. Although it couldn’t completely freeze the skeleton’s body, it made it pause for a moment.

Tyrant Behemoth’s body expanded as it used the Mountain Devouring Skill to swallow the monk-robed skeleton.

Knock! Knock! Knock!

Zhou Wen saw Tyrant Behemoth’s stomach twitch like a drum, but it didn’t last long.

It’s finally done! Zhou Wen didn’t dare relax as he turned to look at Buddha Annihilation. Indeed, he saw the Urna on his forehead glow once again. Immediately, another Buddhistic glow descended.

In the Buddhistic glow, the monk-robed skeleton and the golden-winged bird were born once again as their bodies gradually condensed. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Although he had expected it, Zhou Wen’s expression was still ugly. He turned his head to look at the golden-winged bird’s corpse that he had just killed and saw that it was still scattered across the ground. It hadn’t disappeared.

Damn it. What kind of power does that Buddha Annihilation’s Urna have to revive a Mythical creature out of thin air... Just as Zhou Wen was feeling depressed, something even more shocking happened.

It wasn’t just the skeleton and the golden-winged bird that were reborn in the Buddhistic glow. The two Golden Battle God Halberds that were killed were in the lineup as well.

However, the two Golden Battle God Halberds that had been revived had no connection to Zhou Wen, much less be under his control.

They are both Guardians, so why is Buddha Annihilation so much stronger than the six-winged seraphim? What kind of ability is this? Could it be that any creature or Companion Beast that dies near him, can be revived and used by him? Zhou Wen guessed inwardly. If that’s the case, what’s the point of fighting? Just surrender and commit suicide. It’s impossible to win unless I kill Buddha Annihilation first.

Zhou Wen was somewhat tempted. Thinking of such a bug-like ability, he felt quite delighted if he could obtain it.

Unfortunately, Buddha Annihilation might not be willing to contract with him. Even if it was willing, Zhou Wen wasn’t willing to do so.

His Companion Beast, Demonic Neonate, had signed a master-slave contract. If he signed a Guardian contract, wouldn’t that be too lame in comparison?

As Zhou Wen pondered over, the skeleton, the golden-winged bird, and the two Golden Battle God Halberds rushed over. It was obvious that the Golden Battle God Halberds were completely heartless and wanted to destroy Zhou Wen and company.

Zhou Wen had no choice but to summon Truth Listener. He got it to remove the restrictions of one earring and continue fighting.

Zhou Wen faced the Golden Battle God Halberds himself. With his understanding of the Golden Battle God Halberds, he quickly used the Golden Overlord Sword to snap the two Golden Battle God Halberds.

Truth Listener was still fighting the golden-winged bird to the death. Tyrant Behemoth was dragging its exhausted body as it fought the monk-robed skeleton. An Sheng, the Azure Rainbow Flying Sword, and the bald parrot were all helping.

Zhou Wen originally wanted to rush forward to help, but he thought that even if he killed them, it would be useless. Buddha Annihilation would still revive them.

These revived Mythical creatures look no different from the former Mythical creatures or even Companion Beasts. Are they really identical to their original forms?

Zhou Wen activated the Hell King’s Eye and glanced at the golden-winged bird and the monk-robed skeleton, hoping to see if he could discover any differences.

A vertical crack appeared on Zhou Wen’s glabella. It looked like a third eye, but there were no pupils in it. It was as though it was connected to hell as ghostly cries sounded.

Even with the Hell King’s Eye, he couldn’t tell how different these resurrected Mythical creatures were from their original bodies.

They looked no different from real creatures. They also had invisible flames on them, and they looked rather thick.

While Zhou Wen was observing, Truth Listener was already on the brink of going berserk.

Zhou Wen thought for a moment and charged at the monk-robed skeleton. He planned on dealing with it before getting Tyrant Behemoth to help Truth Listener alleviate some of the pressure.

Where did Demonic Neonate go? Why haven’t I seen her attack? Zhou Wen was somewhat surprised. He sensed Demonic Neonate’s location and realized that she was hiding in a pile of ruins. She was secretly looking at Buddha Annihilation, who was sitting cross-legged in the sky.

So she’s targeting Buddha Annihilation? I wonder if it’s possible. Although Grim Demon is also a Guardian, it feels so weak. It feels weaker than the six-winged seraphim. Zhou Wen was somewhat worried.

If Demonic Neonate attacked Buddha Annihilation and ended up being killed by it, it would be a huge loss.

Zhou Wen was still optimistic about Demonic Neonate’s future. He had been waiting for the day she returned to the Mythical stage, so he was unwilling for her to risk her life.

If Grim Demon knew what Zhou Wen was thinking, he would probably vomit blood and faint in the bathroom.

Grim Demon wasn’t weak. It was only because it was limited by the master-slave contract. Furthermore, as the master, Demonic Neonate was too weak, which greatly reduced its combat strength. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be so weak.

Zhou Wen rushed forward to help Tyrant Behemoth fight and summoned the Great Might Vajra Bull and Torch Dragon to help. He wanted to kill the monk-robed skeleton as soon as possible.

While fighting, Zhou Wen kept his Hell King’s Eye open. He wanted to see if there was anything different between the monk-robed skeleton and the monk-robed skeleton that would be revived later.

Before Truth Listener went berserk again, Zhou Wen finally managed to kill the monk-robed skeleton. However, this time, Zhou Wen had cleaved apart the skeleton’s head with his sword.

At this moment, something strange happened. After the monk-robed skeleton was killed, the invisible flames on its body floated towards the Hell King’s Eye as though they were attracted by some force.

Zhou Wen was pleasantly surprised, unsure if he had accidentally discovered the advancement method for Hell King.

The formless fire that resembled a stream of water was constantly sucked into the Hell King’s Eye. At the same time, Zhou Wen felt that his Hell King body was silently changing.

So Hell King evolves by absorbing these invisible flames? If I had known, I would have raised Hell King’s level a long time ago. Zhou Wen was pleasantly surprised.