Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 703: Zhou Wen’s Speculation

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen carefully recalled Origin Realm King’s two battles and specially watched a few important parts of the recording. The things that he originally felt were amiss gradually became clearer.

If I view Origin Realm King as a Companion Beast similar to Primordial Spore, or something even smaller than Primordial Spore, so small that even the Holy Hell King’s eyes can’t see the sinflames on its body, wouldn’t that explain why Primordial Sword Immortal’s sword beam can’t hit it? It’s not because its speed is so fast that Primordial Sword Immortal can’t hit it, but because it’s too small. In that case, its strength definitely can’t be too strong. Therefore, although it looked like it was thrashing Primordial Sword Immortal in all sorts of ways, it was actually unable to kill Primordial Sword Immortal due to its insufficient strength. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Zhou Wen continued surmising. The battle with Light Beast proved this point even more. Light Ray was everywhere. If Origin Realm King was really in the arena, it would probably trigger a reaction to Light Ray. Even if it can turn into nothingness, at the instant it attacked Light Beast, it should have collided with Light Ray. However, despite repeatedly watching the recordings, nothing whatsoever happened. Light Ray didn’t collide with anything from the beginning to the end. Then, there’s only one explanation. Ever since Origin Realm King entered the arena, it had already drilled into the body of Light Beast. Therefore, Light Ray couldn’t illuminate it no matter how vast the rays were. It wasn’t in the arena at all.

Furthermore, Origin Realm King used this ability to destroy Light Beast’s body or brain. Then, it used an ingenious opportunity to come out of its nostrils and strike Light Beast. It looked like it was extremely powerful and instantly killed Light Beast. In fact, it had already wreaked havoc in Light Beast’s body. The Light Beast was almost dead.

Not only did it kill Light Beast, but it also made everyone believe that Origin Realm King’s destructive power was extremely powerful. It concealed its greatest weakness, preventing others from easily challenging it. What a good plan. The more Zhou Wen thought about it, the more he felt that it was right. He brightened up.

Although he had guessed the various possibilities of Origin Realm King, defeating it wasn’t an easy task.

Even Truth Listener’s ability and the Holy Hell King’s Eye couldn’t discover its existence. Its body was definitely much smaller than Primordial Spore. It had probably reached the level of an atom.

Primordial Spore can parasitize large creatures, but it’s not that effective against those that are smaller than it. Torch Dragon’s Bright Torch Vision World should be able to kill it, but if it enters Torch Dragon’s body before Torch Dragon activates Bright Torch Vision World, then Bright Torch Vision World will be useless... After some thought, Zhou Wen realized that the Origin Realm King wasn’t easy to deal with.

It was very easy to fight Origin Realm King to a draw. With the strength it displayed during its battle with Primordial Sword Immortal, Zhou Wen only needed to use Tyrant Behemoth to challenge it. No matter how it attempted to drill into Tyrant Behemoth, it couldn’t cause any injuries.

However, it wouldn’t be easy for Tyrant Behemoth to find and kill it.

I wonder what kind of Companion Beast Origin Realm King is. If it’s a fungal or bacterial type, perhaps I can send Tai Sui to deal with it, Zhou Wen thought to himself, but he didn’t immediately attempt it.

After all, everything was just Zhou Wen’s speculation. Tai Sui was only at the Epic stage. If his speculation was wrong, or if the Origin Realm King was just small in size and wasn’t a Companion Beast like a fungus, Tai Sui wouldn’t be able to restrain it. Wouldn’t that lead to a tragic death?

There were still more than two days left. There would definitely be Companion Beasts challenging Origin Realm King, so Zhou Wen planned on taking a wait-and-see approach before deciding if he should send Tai Sui.

Even if he were to send Tai Sui, he would have to wait until the time was almost up. Otherwise, with Tai Sui being so weak, it would be easily defeated by other Mythical Companion Beasts even after he defeated Origin Realm King.

While waiting for Origin Realm King to be challenged, Zhou Wen didn’t idle. He continued grinding in-game.

Ever since he knew that killing Guardians could advance Slaughterer, Zhou Wen had been targeting them.

Unfortunately, the one in Ant City was just too powerful. After some thought, Zhou Wen decided to target the nine black dragons in the underground sea.

I have quite a number of Mythical Companion Beasts now. I have the ferocious pair, Behemoth and Truth Listener, and Torch Dragon’s Bright Torch Vision World. Together with the Great Might Vajra Bull, Golden Overlord Sword, and Demonic Neonate, who specializes in sneaking attacks on others, I can try to see if I can deal with the nine black dragons, Zhou Wen thought to himself.

After arriving at the underground sea, Zhou Wen first summoned his Mythical Companion Beasts. Together with Demonic Neonate, the lineup was rather powerful.

Six-Winged Guardian Dragon was still the same as before. It appeared behind the blood-colored avatar in its six-winged form to prevent it from being instantly killed.

I still have to find time to draw more Substitute Talismans in the future

, Zhou Wen thought.

With Zhou Wen’s order, Truth Listener and Behemoth charged into the underground sea.

The Great Might Vajra Bull was actually afraid of water. It could only provide support on land and didn’t enter the sea.

However, this wasn’t a big deal. All he needed to do was lure the nine black dragons to a spot near the coast and let the Great Might Vajra Bull’s Soul Suppression Bell work.

Before long, the nine black dragons appeared with the war wagon. After they saw Behemoth and Truth Listener, the chains on their bodies automatically released.

The nine black dragons immediately perked up as they transformed into ferocious dragons that charged at Behemoth and Truth Listener with a roar.

Zhou Wen made the two of them fly back and return to the shore. The two giant beasts stood in the shallow water, where the seawater only reached their calves.

When the nine black dragons charged over, Zhou Wen immediately realized that something was amiss. The strength and speed of the black dragons were even stronger than Truth Listener when it had shattered an earring.

Zhou Wen originally imagined that Truth Listener and Behemoth could each fight three or four black dragons alone, but now, he realized that without using Absolute Strength and shattering the other earrings, fighting two alone was somewhat difficult.

Roar!

Behemoth roared and used Absolute Strength to suppress the nine black dragons.

The nine black dragons were beginning to be affected by the suction of Absolute Strength, but soon, they forcefully escaped its restraints.

Boom!

Behemoth, who had used Absolute Strength, threw a punch and collided with a black dragon horn.

To Zhou Wen’s surprise, Behemoth, who had Absolute Strength, was forced to take a few steps back by the collision with the black dragon. It plopped into the seawater, stirring up huge waves.

Truth Listener was in a worse state. It clashed with a black dragon and was sent flying into the sea.

Something’s amiss... How can the nine black dragons be so powerful... Zhou Wen was alarmed as he carefully looked at the nine black dragons, but he didn’t see anything.

Zhou Wen’s heart stirred as he switched to the Holy Hell King Life Soul. With the Holy Hell’s Eyes, he was immediately alarmed. There were chains that couldn’t be seen with the naked eye connecting the nine black dragons to the war wagon.