Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 710: Darkness Right Hand

1

Translator: CKtalon

Explosive Fiend Man hasn’t advanced to the Epic stage yet. He would be a pretty good choice for advancing to the Mythical stage. However, Explosive Fiend Man has the ability to evolve. He still has a chance of advancing to the Mythical stage in the future... After some thought, Zhou Wen summoned Doctor Darkness.

Doctor Darkness’s abilities were rather outstanding. Furthermore, with his Fight Poison With Poison ability, he could resolve many problems that ordinary powers couldn’t resolve. More importantly, Doctor Darkness’s companion form was a soul. It could directly raise Zhou Wen’s strength. This was very useful to him.

If Doctor Darkness could advance to the Mythical stage, he would probably be more helpful.

Without any hesitation, he handed the divine fruit to Doctor Darkness.

Doctor Darkness took the divine fruit and his eyes flashed with excitement as he swallowed it.

His body immediately emitted a divine glow. The glow grew stronger and stronger before finally turning Doctor Darkness into an egg.

Unlike the evolution of typical Companion Beasts in which ordinary Companion Beasts took a long time to evolve, Doctor Darkness immediately completed the evolution after transforming into an egg and hatching. In a moment, he completed the evolution from the Epic stage to the Mythical stage.

The Doctor Darkness in front of him didn’t seem much different from before. He was still as dark and terrifying, like a puppet without a shred of humanity.

Zhou Wen hurriedly took out his phone and read the information regarding Doctor Darkness post-evolution.

Doctor Darkness: Mythical

Life Providence: Golden Left Hand

Life Soul: Dr. Soul

Wheel of Destiny: Darkness Right Hand

Strength: 79

Speed: 81

Constitution: 67

Essence Energy: 81

Talent Skill: Scalpel, Fight Poison With Poison, Light of Penetration

Companion Form: Soul

Indeed, Doctor Darkness had advanced to the Mythical stage. His skills, Life Providence, and Life Soul hadn’t changed. His stats had increased to the Mythical stage, albeit a little extreme.

Typically, a Mythical Companion Beast’s limit was 80 points. Doctor Darkness’s Speed and Essence Energy had broken through the limit to 81 points.

However, his Strength and Constitution hadn’t even reached 80. It was very strange.

The Wheel of Destiny’s name was Darkness Right Hand. It seemed to match his Life Providence, Golden Left Hand, but the ability was unknown.

Darkness Right Hand: A place where even divine light can’t reach. That is the forbidden zone of the Gods.

From the introduction, it didn’t seem to have anything to do with his right hand.

Zhou Wen entered the game and planned on testing the power of Darkness Right Hand.

He brought Doctor Darkness to the Zhuolu battlefield and encountered a Chi. Zhou Wen immediately ordered Doctor Darkness, “Use Darkness Right Hand.”

Doctor Darkness stood there and watched as the Chi ran over. He slowly raised his right hand.

Doctor Darkness had the Golden Left Hand Life Providence. Be it his Strength or Speed, his left hand was much stronger than his right hand.

When Zhou Wen got Doctor Darkness to attach himself to him as a soul, he could clearly sense that the Strength and Speed of his left hand had been enhanced.

During that period of time, Zhou Wen had deliberately practiced striking with his left hand because it was much faster than striking with his right hand.

All along, Doctor Darkness’s right hand had been weaker, but when Doctor Darkness raised his right hand, it seemed to have the power of a devil burning over it like black flames.

The Chi had already rushed in front of Doctor Darkness, but Doctor Darkness remained motionless. Only when the Chi was about to collide with him did Doctor Darkness slightly tilt his body and dodge the Chi’s charge, allowing it to brush past him.

Zhou Wen kept staring at Doctor Darkness’s hand, but he didn’t see any movement from it. When he saw Doctor Darkness brush past the Chi, he was puzzled as to why he hadn’t attacked.

However, when Doctor Darkness turned around, Zhou Wen’s pupils constricted upon seeing his right hand.

In Doctor Darkness’s right hand was a bloody heart that was still beating.

The Chi ran a few steps before letting out a tragic cry. It suddenly fell to the ground and convulsed. Soon, it died.

Zhou Wen looked at the Chi’s corpse and didn’t see any injuries. He had no idea how Doctor Darkness had plucked its heart out.

Even I couldn’t see how Doctor Darkness did it. Furthermore, its strength is too strange. It can actually pluck out a heart without dealing any injuries... No... I have to watch it again... Zhou Wen continued proceeding forward with Doctor Darkness.

Before long, he encountered a Wangliang.

This time, Zhou Wen didn’t only maximize the Truth Listener earring’s abilities, but he also switched to the Holy Hell King Life Soul, raising his senses to their limits.

Zhou Wen got Doctor Darkness to rush over and quickly he brushed past the Wangliang.

At that instant, Zhou Wen felt his devil-like right hand move.

As it was too fast, Zhou Wen only felt it move a little. He didn’t see it clearly.

However, Zhou Wen was certain that the right hand had definitely moved. This was because there was something white on the right hand. It was like a pig’s brain, and the blood vessels on it were still squirming.

How terrifying! Zhou Wen was pleasantly surprised.

The power of Darkness Right Hand could actually remove organs in an invisible manner. It was so fast that even Zhou Wen couldn’t see it clearly. Such an ability made his scalp tingle. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

In the future, if Zhou Wen didn’t like anyone, he could get Doctor Darkness to pluck at their waist. If anyone pissed him off, he could pluck out their hearts, livers, and brains. It would scare him to death.

However, Zhou Wen wasn’t sure if Darkness Right Hand’s ability was merely fast or if it had any special effects.

The Chi and Wangliang weren’t injured; yet, their heart and brain had been removed. Perhaps Doctor Darkness’s Darkness Right Hand wasn’t as simple as being fast.

Zhou Wen wanted to experiment further, so he went to the Metalwork Temple to find a Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior with extremely powerful defense. The outcome was the same. After Doctor Darkness used Darkness Right Hand, he easily plucked out the heart. The Runic Heavy Armor was useless. Even the runic patterns on it didn’t light up.

Amazing. The Darkness Right Hand actually has the ability to penetrate through space. It can ignore defense and directly pluck out organs... Zhou Wen was even more excited.

With Doctor Darkness’s ability, Zhou Wen could ignore dimensional creatures with powerful defense.

More importantly, Doctor Darkness’s companion form was a soul. He could attach himself to Zhou Wen and allow him to use his abilities. In other words, Zhou Wen could also use Darkness Right Hand. This was equivalent to strengthening Zhou Wen’s strength and abilities.

Zhou Wen still wanted to give it another try, but he was depressed. He couldn’t use Darkness Right Hand again. After some research, he learned that Darkness Right Hand could only be used three times in twenty-four hours.

Three times is enough. I’ll pluck the kidney before plucking the heart. If that still doesn’t work, I’ll pluck the brain. I don’t believe anyone can survive, Zhou Wen thought.