Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 715: Magical Hair Gu

However, very quickly, Worm Dugu’s expression turned ugly. After the tiny Black Blood Gu entered the dorm, he lost contact with them one after another.

Originally, Worm Dugu believed that even if a portion of the more than a hundred Black Blood Gu was discovered, there would definitely be quite a number of them which successfully infiltrated. One was enough as long as it succeeded.

However, by the time Worm Dugu realized that something was amiss, more than a hundred Black Blood Gu was almost wiped out. He didn’t even know who killed the Black Blood Gu.

In the dorm, a golden chick flew around. As long as a Gu worm crawled in, it would eat them. No worm could come in alive.

Worm Dugu refused to believe it as he released his Companion Beasts one after another, trying his best to infiltrate Zhou Wen’s dorm.

However, no matter what kind of Companion Beast he released, he immediately lost contact with them the moment they entered Zhou Wen’s building. It was like a rock sinking into the sea.

I don’t believe that you can even kill my Magical Hair Gu. Worm Dugu had sacrificed many Companion Beasts, but he refused to have his beliefs shaken. He just wanted to win once in his competition with Zhou Wen.

He did not realize that Zhou Wen had no idea what was happening in his dorm. He was lying in his bedroom on the second floor, grinding instance dungeons.

The moment Worm Dugu’s Companion Beasts entered the building, they entered the chick’s stomach without alarming Zhou Wen.

Worm Dugu’s Magical Hair Gu was extraordinary. It was a Mythical dimensional creature.

That’s right. It was a dimensional creature, not a Companion Beast.

The truly powerful thing about the Dugu family was that they could tame dimensional creatures. Companion Beasts were secondary.

Magical Hair Gu was a dimensional creature that Worm Dugu had tamed himself. He had spent a lot of effort and nearly lost his life to subdue and tame it.

This Magical Hair Gu was a Mythical dimensional creature. Its abilities were very special. As long as it came into contact with the enemy’s body, it could parasitize their hair and use the power of their hair.

It could control the growth of hair in reverse, causing the hair to grow inside the brain and body, taking root in the brain and flesh. It was terrifying.

The hair absorbed the nutrients of the body, and in the end, all the flesh and blood in the body would be sucked dry. The interior would be filled with hair, leaving only a layer of human skin on the outside. This way of dying was extremely painful.

When Worm Dugu caught the Magical Hair Gu, he had almost died. It was only by chance that he had managed to subdue it.

A black thread thinner than a strand of hair appeared in front of Worm Dugu. As though it was a strand of hair that was blown by the wind, it swept into the building through the crack in the door.

Punk, when you know how powerful my Magical Hair Gu is, won’t you end up following me back to the South District and be my disciple? Dugu Gu felt that he could definitely deal with Zhou Wen by releasing such a powerful weapon.

He didn’t really want to do anything to Zhou Wen. All he wanted was to take him in as a disciple of the Dugu family and raise worms with him.

The main reason was that Zhou Wen’s method of extracting the Blood Thread Brain-Eating Gu was so shocking. Worm Dugu felt that such talent made him gifted at rearing Gu worms. It would be a pity if he didn’t do so.

The Dugu family was a true presence in the South District. However, the Dugu family didn’t just rear worms. In fact, they raised too many things.

As the drop rate of Companion Beasts was too low, especially Mythical Companion Eggs which were also difficult to find, the Dugu family did the opposite.

Killing a Mythical creature only gave one a certain chance of obtaining a Companion Egg. But, the chances weren’t high.

However, if they could tame a Mythical creature, it was equivalent to having a 100% chance of obtaining a pet.

Coupled with the research of ancient spells and generations of people, the Dugu family was unmatched in the Federation when it came to rearing strange dimensional creatures.

However, taming dimensional creatures was very dangerous. Furthermore, the dimensional creatures that the Dugu family domesticated were strange, making them even more dangerous. Many members of the Dugu family were killed by the dimensional creatures they domesticated.

In the eyes of Worm Dugu, Zhou Wen was born to nurture Gu worms. Therefore, he wanted to recruit him into the Dugu family. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Of course, if he was recruited into the Dugu family to learn the art of taming dimensional creatures, he had to first implant a Gu in Zhou Wen to prevent him from learning the Dugu family’s abilities only to end up dealing with the Dugu family.

However, Worm Dugu never expected that all the Companion Beasts he had sent in would die for no apparent reason. This was why he released his most precious Magical Hair Gu.

When it comes to worms, I, Worm Dugu, am an expert. Worm Dugu was thinking about what he would do when Zhou Wen came crying to him with black hair overgrowing everywhere.

The moment the Magical Hair Gu entered the building, it was discovered by the chick. However, this time, it didn’t immediately fly over. It stood on the table and watched as the Magical Hair Gu rolled towards the stairs on the second floor. It seemed to be hesitating.

Just as the Magical Hair Gu was about to roll to the side of the stairs, the chick finally moved. Like a golden bolt of lightning, it landed in front of the bedroom door and pecked at the Magical Hair Gu, hoisting it up. It raised its neck and swallowed the Magical Hair Gu.

The Magical Hair Gu twisted in the chick’s stomach, but a golden flame burned in its stomach, gradually melting the Magical Hair Gu.

Pfft!

On the grass outside, Worm Dugu suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood. He returned to his original form, dispelling his mosquito-like form. His face was terrifyingly pale and filled with disbelief.

Impossible... The Magical Hair Gu is almost invulnerable... It grows once it enters the flesh... How can this be... Worm Dugu’s face was pale as he broke out into a cold sweat.

He had been raising worms for so many years, but this was the first time he had encountered such a terrifying opponent—one who could even easily kill a Magical Hair Gu.

Could this Zhou Wen really be my nemesis? He can even easily kill a Magical Hair Gu. It’s probably easy for him to take my life... If I had known this would happen... I shouldn’t have come... The more Worm Dugu thought about it, the more terrified he became. He gritted his teeth and got up from the ground to knock on Zhou Wen’s door.

Zhou Wen was grinding dungeons when he heard the doorbell ring. He thought it was a classmate, but when he opened the door, he saw an old man standing at the door. It was none other than Worm Dugu.

Zhou Wen was secretly wary. Could it be as An Sheng said? Worm Dugu is here to settle scores?

Just as Zhou Wen was thinking about how to deal with Worm Dugu, the latter suddenly bowed at him. “Young Master Wen, it’s all my fault. I was blind. I shouldn’t have offended you. According to the rules of our Dugu family, I’ve lost this match. Feel free to punish me, even if it takes my life. I’ll do whatever you want.”

Zhou Wen was puzzled when he heard that. He had indeed been wary of Worm Dugu, but he didn’t discover anything entering his room. What was this Worm Dugu talking about?