Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 721: Reconstitution after Collapsing

Translator: CKtalon

When it was time for the recital, everyone involuntarily sat down and began reciting.

Although everyone was conscious, they couldn’t control their bodies or mouths. They could only move freely after the recital session ended.

During this period of time, they could do nothing but recite.

Zhou Wen was considering if he should use the power of Teacher Square to shatter the jade infant and reconstitute it when he suddenly saw a figure rushing across the mountain path at an astonishing speed.

Upon closer inspection, it was actually a macaque. However, this macaque seemed to be a little different from ordinary macaque. The average macaque was only about 1.5 meters tall. Even a Legendary Macaque King maxed out at 1.9 meters. That would make it look majestic.

However, this macaque was nearly three meters tall. It looked even more ferocious than a macaque. Its eyes were glowing red, and its fur appeared metallic black. It looked like a ferocious wrath from afar.

Sister Gui and the others also noticed the blood-eyed black macaque. They were somewhat surprised, but no one was worried. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Even if this blood-eyed black macaque was an Epic dimensional creature, as long as it entered Teacher Square, it would be affected by Teacher Square’s power. Like all humans, it would sit on the ground and recite ancient texts.

Something similar had happened in the past. A macaque that accidentally entered Teacher Square ended up sitting down and reading like the humans. It wouldn’t threaten the scholars here.

However, the moment the blood-eyed black macaque entered Teacher Square, everyone’s expression changed drastically, revealing shock.

The blood-eyed black macaque actually didn’t sit down to recite. Its eyes were glowing with blood-red light as it walked step by step towards the humans sitting on Teacher Square. It exposed its fangs and looked like it was going to devour someone.

The color drained from everyone’s faces, but they couldn’t move. All they could do was watch as the blood-eyed black macaque walked over as they recited.

Everyone wore odd expressions. Their faces looked prim and proper as they swirled their heads while reciting. However, their eyes and voices were filled with fear. There was even the sound of sobbing in their voices.

If they could move now, they would have run as far away as they could.

It was especially so for the three people who were closest to the blood-eyed black macaque. Their expressions were as if they had been tied up and fed feces. It was as uncomfortable as it could be.

The blood-eyed black macaque walked over step by step. From its heavy footsteps, Zhou Wen knew that it was still affected by the power of Teacher Square. However, it didn’t suffer as significant an effect as them.

Just as the blood-eyed black macaque was about to reach the crowd, a man suddenly stood up and shouted at the macaque, “How can we allow you to taint the Holy Land of Teacher Square? Leave!”

Zhou Wen was somewhat surprised. He never expected someone to be able to stand up while reciting. On careful look, he saw that it was Xu Tong.

At that moment, Xu Tong’s entire body was emitting a kind of aura. That aura was formless and intangible. It wasn’t as resplendent as divine light, nor was it as grand as Buddhistic light. It was an indescribable aura.

Everyone was overjoyed. They had thought that they were doomed for sure, but they didn’t expect Xu Tong to stand up to resist the blood-eyed black macaque. They felt that there was hope.

Xu Tong was already an Epic expert, so he should be able to kill the blood-eyed black macaque. After all, no high-level dimensional creature had ever appeared near Mount Confucius.

The blood-eyed black macaque didn’t retreat because of Xu Tong’s berating and imposing manner. Instead, it became even more ferocious. A bloody light flashed in its eyes as its majestic body broke through the sound barrier. With a sonic boom, it threw a violent punch at Xu Tong.

“Pervading Heaven and Earth is the aura of righteousness. A righteous heart empowers...” Xu Tong’s words seemed to be augmented by a magical power. As he spoke, the righteous aura in his body became even stronger. It was as if his entire being was enveloped by the righteousness that pervaded the world.

At the instant the blood-eyed black macaque rushed in front of him, Xu Tong’s palm also struck it with a terrifying force that was akin to the sea or dragon.

What a powerful Essence Energy Skill...

Zhou Wen was somewhat surprised. The power of Xu Tong’s palm strike was extremely powerful at the Epic stage.

Boom!

Xu Tong’s palm collided with the blood-eyed black macaque’s claw, producing a terrifying shockwave that sent the people beside him staggering. Meanwhile, Xu Tong flew out like a runaway kite and slammed into the mountain rocks, causing him to vomit blood. After struggling a few times, he got up and sat there. As he vomited blood, he chanted ancient texts.

Everyone felt a chill in their hearts. In their eyes, Xu Tong was already an invincible existence since he was able to forcefully resist the power of Teacher Square. However, such a powerful Xu Tong was severely injured by the blood-eyed black macaque’s attack. He even lost the ability to resist the mysterious power of Teacher Square. No matter how serious his injuries were, he had to sit there and recite.

Everyone was horrified, but they could only sit there and recite. No words to describe their feelings any longer.

The blood-eyed black macaque roared and extended its claws to grab a person in front of it. Its nails were as sharp as daggers. If one were to be swiped by them, five bloody holes would probably appear on their head.

Zhou Wen frowned slightly. He couldn’t use any Companion Beasts on Teacher Square. Even his Essence Energy Art and body were suppressed, preventing him from summoning any Companion Beasts.

“What are those two fellows doing outside? Why aren’t they coming over to help?” Zhou Wen realized that the antelope and chick were standing on a distant mountain path. They were looking over, but they had no intention of coming over to help. It was as though they were watching a show.

Zhou Wen couldn’t help but curse inwardly. I raised you all this while for nothing. To think you are there watching this with relish. Don’t you know that people will die? It’s fine if others die, but I’m here. Wouldn’t I end up dying with them later?

That’s not right. They cultivate in Confucian Essence Energy Arts, but I’m different. I can switch to the Dao Sutra and be sent out by the power of Teacher Square. With a thought, Zhou Wen didn’t hesitate to switch to Dao Sutra.

Zhou Wen originally wanted to think of a way to save them after he left, but he realized that Sister Gui and company were too close to the blood-eyed black macaque. It would probably be too late by the time he returned.

Forget it. I was planning on trying to see if the jade infant can be reconstituted after collapsing anyway. I’ll give it a try now. At the instant Zhou Wen switched to the Dao Body, he unleashed the power of the jade infant.

Boom!

The terrifying power on Teacher Square struck Zhou Wen like divine lightning from the nine heavens. The jade infant suffered an extremely terrifying taboo attack.

Zhou Wen sat motionless on the ground as he forcefully endured the terrifying taboo force. Taking advantage of the instant his body could move, he drew his saber and slashed at the blood-eyed black macaque.

Everyone was already in despair. The people who were going to bear the brunt of the attack in the first wave had already closed their eyes in resignation.

However, a blood-colored saber beam suddenly flashed. The blood-eyed black macaque’s body was split into two as both pieces fell to the sides.