Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 740: Six Fingers

Translator: CKtalon

With the augmentation of Ever-Victorious and Unstoppable, the golden sword beam tore through the white cocoon’s shell.

As the cocoon cracked, Zhou Wen saw a palm extend out of the white cocoon.

It was a man’s palm with long and powerful fingers. Zhou Wen could clearly see that there were six fingers on the palm, but the layout of the six fingers didn’t seem out of place. It was about the same as a normal palm.

There was a different ring on each of the six fingers. The design and material seemed to be different. As he could only see the palm, he didn’t know what the rings looked like from the front.

Just as the Golden Sword Aura was about to strike the palm, an invisible fluctuation seemed to ripple from one of the rings.

Wherever the fluctuations passed, time and space seemed to freeze. Countless dust fragments froze as the Golden Sword Aura stopped in front of his palm.

Although the Golden Sword Aura was less than an inch away from the palm, it was unable to advance any further.

It wasn’t just the Golden Sword Aura. Zhou Wen’s pets were affected by the fluctuations. Although they tried to resist the fluctuations, it was to no avail.

Apart from Tyrant Behemoth being able to move thanks to Absolute Strength, most of the Companion Beasts were in a frozen state.

Companion Beasts at Torch Dragon and Truth Listener’s level found it difficult to move amidst the fluctuations.

The blood-colored avatar was also immobilized. Zhou Wen felt that the blood-colored avatar’s bodily functions had stopped circulating. Its Essence Energy seemed to freeze as it was completely unable to move according to commands.

Tyrant Behemoth roared as it charged at the white cocoon and threw a punch at the palm with six fingers.

The frozen dust and Golden Sword Aura were shattered by Tyrant Behemoth’s fist. Just as Tyrant Behemoth was about to strike the palm, another ring on the palm flickered.

Boom!

Tyrant Behemoth punched Torch Dragon’s body and immediately sent Torch Dragon’s huge body flying. It caused blood to spray out of Torch Dragon’s body.

Zhou Wen was somewhat surprised. Tyrant Behemoth had clearly struck the white cocoon, but for some reason, its fist struck Torch Dragon’s body. It looked like a spatial dislocation skill.

From the looks of it, the guardian in the white cocoon has spatial skills, Zhou Wen thought to himself.

Tyrant Behemoth continued its violent attacks, but every time its fists struck the white cocoon, it would strangely strike a companion. After a few punches, the palm in the white cocoon didn’t suffer any damage. Instead, Zhou Wen’s Companion Beasts were beaten up by Tyrant Behemoth.

After watching for a while, Zhou Wen was certain that the Guardian was definitely a spatial expert.

Once Tyrant Behemoth’s Absolute Strength timer ran out, it was immobilized by the spatial fluctuations.

At that moment, a void that resembled a black hole appeared in the palm of the palm. It sucked in the Companion Beasts and the blood-colored avatar before the game screen went black.

A Guardian with spatial attributes has abilities like spatial solidification, spatial fold, and black hole. Tyrant Behemoth can fight it while using Absolute Strength... Zhou Wen organized the clues he knew, hoping to find a way to counter it.

I wonder if Lost Country’s spatial powers will be of some use. After some thought, Zhou Wen realized that unless Torch Dragon used Bright Torch Vision World from the beginning, it would be very difficult to kill the Guardian.

Why are Guardians so strong? Are there no weak Guardians that can allow me to kill for the advancement of my Life Souls? Zhou Wen waited for some time. After all his cooldowns were over, he dripped his blood to respawn and enter the game again.

The nine black dragons in the underground sea had yet to respawn. The war wagon was still parked at the bottom of the sea, but the door had been closed. Zhou Wen didn’t summon any other pets other than Explosive Fiend Man.

Tyrant Behemoth’s Absolute Strength couldn’t be used yet. Therefore, Zhou Wen didn’t think of killing the Guardian this time. He just wanted to see if his Godfiend Era was useful when fighting the Guardian.

Zhou Wen got Explosive Fiend Man to plant time bombs all over the war wagon one after another. After more than an hour, the war wagon was covered with time bombs.

Under Zhou Wen’s orders, the huge war wagon exploded like an atomic bomb. It formed a terrifying shockwave at the bottom of the sea, producing a huge jellyfish-like cavity.

Zhou Wen had severely underestimated the might of the explosion. He had already retreated to a hundred meters away, but he still died from the blast. The game screen went black.

Is the war wagon’s energy so massive? Zhou Wen was somewhat surprised.

When he arrived in front of the war wagon again, it had already recovered to its original state. Zhou Wen began getting Explosive Fiend Man to plant time bombs around the entire wagon.

This time, Zhou Wen had experience. He retreated far away and watched from a distant bank.

With a command, Explosive Fiend Man ignited all the time bombs. Zhou Wen, who was standing by the bank, saw the waves churning before they stirred up a tsunami-like wave.

Ignoring the winds and shock waves, Zhou Wen immediately dived into the sea. However, when he saw the war wagon, he was slightly taken aback. Such a terrifying explosion had failed to blast through it. The war wagon’s outer shell was damaged, but it was undergoing automatic self-repair. It didn’t take long for it to recover to its original state.

Seeing that it was impossible to blast the war wagon and the Guardian inside to death, Zhou Wen had no choice but to open the door and rush in.

This time, Zhou Wen used the Godfiend Era Essence Energy Art. The Lost Country ring appeared on his finger before he slashed at the white cocoon.

After the white cocoon was sliced apart, the palm appeared again. The spatial fluctuations caused everything around it to fall silent again. The blood-colored avatar’s body was no exception.

However, it was somewhat different this time. Although the blood-colored avatar couldn’t move, the Godfiend Era’s Essence Energy Art continued flowing. This meant that Zhou Wen could still use Essence Energy Skills and other abilities.

Without any hesitation, Zhou Wen used Lost Country’s spatial teleportation ability and teleported into the white cocoon. He wanted to see what the Guardian inside the white cocoon looked like. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

However, when Zhou Wen teleported, he realized that he wasn’t able to teleport into the white cocoon as he wished. Instead, he appeared in front of the palm.

What awaited him was a black hole that had already opened in the palm. In the next second, the game screen went black again.

Zhou Wen thought for a moment and understood what was going on. The other party was a spatial expert, and his Lost Country was only a Primordial Life Soul. The difference in level was too great. It was already pretty good that he hadn’t been sent into the black hole when he used spatial teleportation.