Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 743: Sword Warp

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen felt that Xia Liuchuan’s aura changed once he had two swords in hand. His expression couldn’t help but turn solemn.

The sword in Xia Liuchuan’s hand finally moved, but his body didn’t move. The Evil-Slaying Sword flew over and stabbed at Zhou Wen in a flash, as though it was about to penetrate his right eye.

Zhou Wen brandished his saber and slashed, sending the Evil-Slaying Sword flying. However, Xia Liuchuan and his Pure Hook Sword arrived in front of Zhou Wen.

The Bamboo Blade had just slashed out, preventing it from being retractable in time. Zhou Wen abruptly crouched and dodged the Pure Hook Sword’s thrust. At the same time, the log smashed down on Xia Liuchuan’s head.

Suddenly, Xia Liuchuan’s figure flashed and vanished in front of Zhou Wen. As for the Pure Hook Sword, it turned from a stab into a slash that was aimed at Zhou Wen’s neck.

Xia Liuchuan arrived beside the Evil-Slaying Sword through some unknown means. He grabbed it with one hand and stabbed it down at Zhou Wen’s back.

Zhou Wen brandished his saber to fend off the Pure Hook Sword, but he no longer had the time to block the Evil-Slaying Sword behind him.

Clang!

A scalpel appeared behind Zhou Wen and blocked the Evil-Slaying Sword’s attack as Doctor Darkness separated from Zhou Wen’s body.

As for Zhou Wen, he had also switched to the Ancient Sovereign Sutra and fused with the Defy Ancient Sovereign. His body became filled with energy as he used the Demon Dragon True Body, allowing him to gain Mythical combat strength for a short period of time. He forcefully sent the Pure Hook Sword flying.

After sending the Pure Hook Sword flying, Zhou Wen turned around and slashed at Xia Liuchuan. Xia Liuchuan’s expression remained unchanged as the Evil-Slaying Sword in his hand continued stabbing at Zhou Wen. It was as though he hadn’t seen Doctor Darkness’s scalpel or Zhou Wen’s Bamboo Blade.

If the two of them continued the trajectories of their thrust, the scalpel and Bamboo Blade would hit Xia Liuchuan while the Evil-Slaying Sword would pierce through Zhou Wen’s chest.

Zhou Wen used Bamboo Blade to block the Evil-Slaying Sword, but Xia Liuchuan’s figure vanished. He appeared beside the Pure Hook Sword that had been sent flying and grabbed it for another midair slash.

Xia Liuchuan’s figure kept moving about as though he was performing a magic trick. He appeared beside the Evil-Slaying Sword one moment and appeared beside the Pure Hook Sword the next moment.

This teleportation wasn’t as simple as being fast. It was similar to Lost Country’s teleportation, but there were no restrictions on the teleportation.

However, he didn’t have as much freedom as teleportation. It could be seen that Xia Liuchuan could only move between the two swords.

Although that was the case, it was already difficult for Zhou Wen to deal with him. Xia Liuchuan used two swords and constantly moved back and forth like a ghost. It made Zhou Wen feel that it was harder than fighting three Mythical opponents at the same time.

The most uncomfortable thing was that he couldn’t fight Xia Liuchuan because Xia Liuchuan could move to the side of another sword at any time. If he attacked, he wouldn’t be able to injure Xia Liuchuan and would only end up being injured by him.

Zhou Wen and Doctor Darkness joined forces, but they were still suppressed by Xia Liuchuan. They had no chance of charging to the Gate of Supreme Harmony.

If I wasn’t carrying such a huge object, I wouldn’t be at such a disadvantage. Zhou Wen was best at movement techniques. However, the log prevented him from using the movement techniques he was good at. It was extremely uncomfortable fighting.

“Liuchuan’s Sword Warp technique has improved,” the middle-aged man praised.

“Sword Warp requires talent, and it’s easy to learn but difficult to master. Little Chuan likes such techniques, but there’s actually not much need for it. The time spent would be better spent on Guardians,” Old Master Xia said calmly.

Although Old Master Xia didn’t approve of Xia Liuchuan spending all his time on the Sword Warp technique, Zhou Wen was now quite depressed from being suppressed by it.

This Sword Warp technique was like an illusion. Under Xia Liuchuan’s usage, it was unpredictable and dazzling.

Zhou Wen thought to himself, Letting this continue wouldn’t work. Since I’ve already entered Forbidden City, there’s no need to fight him. I should quickly place the log on the Hall of Supreme Harmony and give it a try.

Without any hesitation, Zhou Wen summoned the Great Might Vajra Bull.

The moment the Great Might Vajra Bull came out, it shook the bell on its neck. Once the Soul Suppression Bell rang, Xia Liuchuan immediately felt dizzy. The two swords fell from the sky with him.

Zhou Wen took this opportunity to get Doctor Darkness to possess him again as he charged in the direction of the Gate of Supreme Harmony.

However, after running a few steps, a sword beam flashed. Zhou Wen tilted his head and saw the Evil-Slaying Sword fly past his ear. Xia Liuchuan instantly moved to the side of the Evil-Slaying Sword and slashed at Zhou Wen’s face with it.

Zhou Wen swiped up his saber and clashed with Xia Liuchuan’s Evil-Slaying Sword several times. Xia Liuchuan’s sword techniques were unpredictable, so Zhou Wen wasn’t able to gain any advantage.

The Great Might Vajra Bull turned around to help Zhou Wen, but the moment it turned around, Xia Liuchuan appeared behind the Great Might Vajra Bull like a phantom. He held the Pure Hook Sword and stabbed the Great Might Vajra Bull’s buttocks.

“Moo!” The Great Might Vajra Bull’s pupils constricted as it raised its hind legs and kicked Xia Liuchuan.

In response, Xia Liuchuan waved his hand and threw the Pure Hook Sword at Zhou Wen. At the same time, he warped to the side of the Evil-Slaying Sword and continued fighting Zhou Wen with it. The entire process was like a magic show. If not for the Great Might Vajra Bull’s powerful physique, any ordinary person would have been killed by Xia Liuchuan.

As Zhou Wen blocked the Evil-Slaying Sword, he summoned the Golden Overlord Sword. However, he didn’t have any spare hands to use it. All he could do was let the Golden Overlord Sword attack autonomously in its original form.

The Great Might Vajra Bull used its Life Soul and transformed into the thousand-handed, bull-headed state. Golden light shot out from its palm as it attempted to kill Xia Liuchuan.

However, Xia Liuchuan was one with his two swords. He constantly teleported and fought, making it seem harder to fight him than simultaneously fighting three people. Zhou Wen, together with the Great Might Vajra Bull and the Golden Overlord Sword, failed to gain the upper hand.

What swordplay do you practice? Why aren’t you a magician? Zhou Wen was somewhat depressed. He originally didn’t want to be too ostentatious, but now that he couldn’t escape Xia Liuchuan, he had no choice but to think of other solutions.

Should I let Tyrant Behemoth fight? Zhou Wen considered Tyrant Behemoth. It had already appeared on the rankings, so exposing it didn’t matter much. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Carrying such a heavy piece of wood, Zhou Wen really couldn’t escape Xia Liuchuan. Without any hesitation, he summoned Tyrant Behemoth.

Boom!

Tyrant Behemoth landed on the ground out of thin air, causing the ground to tremble.

“Tyrant Behemoth? It’s actually Zhou Wen’s Companion Beast?” Old Master Xia and the middle-aged man revealed looks of surprise.

Many people were investigating the identity of Tyrant Behemoth’s owner. Most people believed that Tyrant Behemoth was a Companion Beast of an expert in the West District, but they never expected it to be in Zhou Wen’s hands.

Outside Forbidden City, there was someone who was even more surprised than Old Master Xia and company. It was Zhang Chunqiu. Zhang Chunqiu had used his Heavenly Eye to see Tyrant Behemoth in Forbidden City. Furthermore, he knew very well that the Tyrant Behemoth Companion Egg had originally belonged to the Zhang family, but it had been smuggled out by a traitor.