Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 764: Light Concealment Sword

Translator: CKtalon

Tyrant Behemoth’s immense strength was boundless. As it held the vine sword in one hand, the vine sword appeared no different from a chopstick in its hand.

Tyrant Behemoth exerted strength, but the vine sword remained motionless. It remained intact.

After exerting its strength twice, Tyrant Behemoth failed to move the sword. It lost its temper and grabbed the vine sword with both hands. It was as though it was plucking a river sprout as it used its pushed its feet down and its hands to pull upwards.

Zhou Wen was surprised to discover that Tyrant Behemoth, who had used all its strength, was still unable to pull out the vine sword. Even though the tiny grave shook from its pulling, the vine sword remained motionless.

What’s going on? Zhou Wen was alarmed. He knew that he had definitely been lucky to encounter an extraordinary sword.

However, as he knew too little about the Ancient Sword Tomb, he didn’t know what this meant.

After some thought, Zhou Wen got Tyrant Behemoth to activate Absolute Strength to forcefully pull out the vine sword with brute force.

Boom!

With Absolute Strength activated, Tyrant Behemoth’s body became even heavier as its feet sank into the ground.

Tyrant Behemoth exerted strength in its arms and pulled.

Boom! Boom!

Zhou Wen was dumbfounded to discover that the surrounding sword graves of all sizes were trembling violently as though there was an earthquake.

However, despite the veins on Tyrant Behemoth’s body protruding as it pulled at the sword with all its might, the vine sword remained stuck in the tiny grave. It didn’t come out as though it had been entrenched.

Tyrant Behemoth constantly exerted strength. Under the infusion of Absolute Strength’s terrifying and boundless strength, the surrounding sword graves shook more and more violently. The various embedded swords emitted sword hums. Instantly, ten thousand swords resonated as their humming reverberated everywhere.

Only the vine sword remained silent and was still intact. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Zhou Wen saw that Tyrant Behemoth had exerted its strength to its limits. The entire Ancient Sword Tomb was almost on the brink of being overturned by an earthquake; yet, the vine sword remained intact. He knew that the possibility of pulling it out was very low.

Zhou Wen’s heart stirred as he ordered Tyrant Behemoth to give up on the vine sword. He ran to a sword tomb to the side and pulled out the claymore from it.

The moment the claymore appeared, terrifying red flames spewed out from the sword. However, the flames were nothing in front of Tyrant Behemoth. They couldn’t even burn its fur. Tyrant Behemoth stuffed it into its mouth and chewed it a few times before swallowing it.

“Killed Epic creature, Fiery Claymore...”

Zhou Wen saw the game notification, but the sword was swallowed by Tyrant Behemoth without leaving anything behind.

After Tyrant Behemoth released the vine sword, the Ancient Sword Tomb’s earthquake stopped and the ancient swords stopped buzzing. Tyrant Behemoth pulled out two ancient swords at the same time before smashing them together and snapping them.

Tyrant Behemoth charged forward as it frantically drew swords and snapped them. There was no sword that could withstand a single strike from it. Soon, it had snapped almost forty swords.

Zhou Wen kept looking at the game’s notifications. Some dimensional crystals dropped, but the highest was at the Epic stage. He didn’t discover any Mythical swords.

There were tens of thousands of swords in the Ancient Sword Tomb. Tyrant Behemoth pulled them out one by one without encountering a situation with the vine sword again. They were all easily pulled out.

Zhou Wen was now certain that it wasn’t a problem with the Ancient Sword Tomb in-game, but that he had struck the lottery. The first sword he encountered was actually an extraordinary sword.

Unfortunately, Zhou Wen didn’t know much about swords. No matter how he looked at it, the vine sword wasn’t outstanding. It looked similar to a withered vine.

After snapping nearly a hundred swords, Zhou Wen got Tyrant Behemoth to turn around and pull the vine sword again, but the outcome was the same. Tyrant Behemoth used all its strength, causing an earthquake in the Ancient Sword Tomb, but the vine sword remained motionless.

Zhou Wen had no choice but to temporarily give up on the vine sword. He got Tyrant Behemoth to continue pulling the other swords to see if he could gain anything.

As the swords were pulled out, one of the swords wasn’t snapped by Tyrant Behemoth. The sword flashed a divine light as it scratched Tyrant Behemoth’s palm and escaped.

Zhou Wen was alarmed. Tyrant Behemoth still had Absolute Strength active; yet, the sword managed to injure Tyrant Behemoth. Although it had only scratched the surface, that was enough to prove its sharpness.

After the sword struggled free, it quickly circled around Tyrant Behemoth and occasionally released sword beams to attack it.

However, the sword beams were shattered by Tyrant Behemoth. They couldn’t injure it at all.

Zhou Wen carefully looked at the sword. He could only see sword beams, but not the sword’s body. This surprised him even more. When he used Truth Listener’s power to observe it, he immediately realized that the sword was invisible.

The sword seemed to be transparent. He could only see the sword beam, but he couldn’t see the blade. However, Zhou Wen was certain that the sword had a physical body. It wasn’t a Spirit Body, nor was it a pure sword beam.

A transparent sword? Interesting. As Zhou Wen was sizing up the sword, he heard Tyrant Behemoth roar angrily.

The transparent sword flew very quickly. Tyrant Behemoth failed to catch up to it no matter how many times it attacked. In its rage, it unleashed the full might of Absolute Strength. The suction force that resembled a black hole immediately reduced the sword’s speed.

Tyrant Behemoth charged over and grabbed the transparent sword. The transparent sword was extremely sharp as it sliced through Tyrant Behemoth’s palm, causing blood to drip down from the gaps between its fingers.

However, Tyrant Behemoth ignored it. It grabbed the transparent sword with both hands and used all its strength to snap it.

Zhou Wen couldn’t see what the transparent sword looked like, but he could see Tyrant Behemoth’s hands slowly descending. When the two claws were about to touch each other, there was a boom as though a tenacious steel plate had snapped.

In the next second, Zhou Wen saw a notification appear in-game.

‘Killed Mythical creature, Light Concealment Sword. Discovered Companion Egg.’

Zhou Wen was overjoyed. He had expected to encounter a Mythical sword, but to have a Companion Egg drop surprised him. After all, his luck wasn’t that good.

He sized up the area where the Light Concealment Sword snapped, but he didn’t see any Companion Eggs. He immediately came to a realization that perhaps Light Concealment Sword’s Companion Beast was also transparent and invisible.

He hurriedly swept the area with Truth Listener and immediately discovered the Companion Egg. It was beside Tyrant Behemoth’s huge foot, but he couldn’t see it with his eyes.

I already have the Invisibility Cloak, and now I’ve obtained a Light Concealment Sword. Could it be that I’m destined to become a peerless assassin? Zhou Wen thought happily as he picked up the Light Concealment Sword Companion Egg.