Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 765: Three Swords of Ancient Times

Translator: CKtalon

Light Concealment: Mythical

Life Providence: Invisible Sword

Life Soul: Invisible Sword Aura

Wheel of Destiny: Light Concealment

Strength: 81

Speed: 81

Constitution: 80

Essence Energy: 81

Talent Skill: Sword Light Slash, Sword Light Wheel, Sword Light Rain, Integration Strike.

Companion Form: Sword

Although he didn’t know how the skills or Life Providence were, he knew solely from the stats that the Light Concealment Sword was a top-notch Companion Beast.

Apart from the one-point difference in Constitution, all of its stats were top-notch at the Mythical stage. They were stronger than the Golden Overlord Sword’s stats.

In-game, he tried out the Light Concealment Sword’s skill and slashed out a condensed sword beam. Its single-target destructive power was extremely powerful.

The Sword Light Wheel was a multitudinous light attack. It was considered a small AOE attack.

Sword Light Rain covered a large area, but its offensive strength was much weaker than a single Sword Light Slash.

However, if he used Slaughterer’s infinite Essence Energy to complement Sword Light Rain, it would be somewhat ludicrous.

Typical Sword Light Rain could only be used once before one was depleted of their Essence Energy. Even a Mythical creature’s Essence Energy stores were unable to withstand two or three rounds of expenditure.

However, Slaughterer’s infinite Essence Energy recovery allowed him to cast Sword Light Rain constantly. It was like a submachine gun with infinite bullets.

Zhou Wen studied the final Integration Strike for a while, but he failed to figure out what skill it was. It wasn’t an active offensive skill, so Zhou Wen didn’t understand its main effects.

The Invisible Sword Life Providence was the invisibility ability of the Light Concealment Sword. The Invisible Sword Aura Life Soul was rather interesting. Apart from a sword beam, the Light Concealment Sword could also emit an invisible sword aura. Others could only see the sword beam, but not the invisible sword aura. If one only blocked the sword beam, they would succumb to the Invisible Sword Aura. It was a very sinister Life Soul.

The effects of the Wheel of Destiny—Light Concealment—were somewhat strange. Zhou Wen needed to continue studying it. After using it, the Light Concealment Sword’s sword beams and sword aura would converge, causing its destructive power to decrease. He had yet to figure out its true use.

In short, Zhou Wen was very satisfied with the Light Concealment Sword. Coupled with the Invisibility Cloak, it was the best weapon to secretly defeat others.

In the past, if Zhou Wen had used the Golden Overlord Sword while wearing the Invisibility Cloak, he would be exposing a huge, golden sword. Even a blind person could see it.

Now that he had the Light Concealment Sword, the possibility of being seen was much lower.

The Light Concealment Sword is known as one of the Three Ancient Swords. From top to bottom grade, it went: Light Concealment Sword, Shadow Containment, and Night Training. If one can gather all three ancient swords and attack with all three in a fight, how impressive would that be? Zhou Wen got Tyrant Behemoth to continue drawing the swords.

With this ferocious beast around, there was no need for the blood-colored avatar to do a thing. Zhou Wen released his luxurious Mythical pet lineup and got them to draw swords on their own.

The outcome wasn’t that good. Apart from obtaining the Light Concealment Sword in the beginning, the Companion Eggs that dropped had relatively low levels. He didn’t encounter any Mythical creatures.

Apart from that, quite a number of sword Essence Energy Skills dropped. Most of them were at the Legendary stage, with three at the Epic stage.

Zhou Wen absorbed all the Essence Energy Skills. It was better than nothing.

...

The next morning, Wang Chan left the manor and prepared to head to the old courtyard to visit Zhou Wen.

However, just as she walked out of the Wang manor, she saw Xiao Si walking over.

“Little Chan, where are you going?” Xiao Si asked politely.

“As you wish. To a dimensional zone,” Wang Chan said with a cold expression.

“In that case, I’ll accompany you to prevent any accidents,” said Xiao Si.

Wang Chan curled her lips and said, “There’s no need. Don’t you claim that it was thanks to your Traversing Misfortune Buddha Body when nothing happens.”

“Don’t worry. My Traversing Misfortune Buddha Body can be controlled freely. I’ve already temporarily sealed him today. It won’t affect your Goddess of Misfortune Life Providence. Furthermore, by going with you, if there’s really excessive bad luck, I can stop it in time to prevent unnecessary casualties, especially your friend,” Xiao Si said.

“Up to you.” Wang Chan hesitated for a moment and didn’t stop Xiao Si from following.

She was really afraid that something would happen to Zhou Wen because of her. Furthermore, with Xiao Si around, if she could really prove that her bad luck wouldn’t affect Zhou Wen, she could also make Xiao Si see the truth and give up on the idea.

As she was taking Xiao Si with her, Wang Chan didn’t go to the old courtyard again. That was where Grandma Wang rested. Not to mention outsiders, even members of the Wang family weren’t allowed to go there for no reason. Wang Chan naturally wouldn’t take Xiao Si with her.

After agreeing to meet Zhou Wen at the Great Wall, Wang Chan quickly headed to their meeting point.

Xiao Si followed Wang Chan mainly because he wanted to know who was influencing her. He had already gotten the Xiao family to investigate, but they hadn’t found out anything due to the short amount of time provided. Furthermore, no one from Sunset College had come to the Wang family recently.

When he messaged Wang Chan, Zhou Wen knew that she would be bringing Xiao Si along. Zhou Wen wasn’t surprised. Even if Wang Chan refused to bring Xiao Si along, Xiao Si would probably still meet them by accident.

“Brother-in-law, you’re here.” Zhou Wen arrived at the appointed spot. When Wang Chan saw him, she immediately ran over. However, her form of address left Zhou Wen slightly taken aback.

However, Zhou Wen immediately understood why Wang Chan called him that without using his name.

Now, the Xia family and the bureau were still investigating the changes in the Forbidden City. If they knew that Zhou Wen had left the Forbidden City, it would naturally be very troublesome.

Wang Chan deliberately didn’t call Zhou Wen by his name because she didn’t want Xiao Si to know his true identity as a way to prevent him from causing trouble. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

It’s quite impressive to be aware of such things at such a young age. Zhou Wen marveled inwardly. He wasn’t so meticulous back when he was as old as Wang Chan.

“Little Chan, is he your brother-in-law?” Wang Chan’s address of Zhou Wen left Xiao Si slightly taken aback as he asked in puzzlement.

“My sister’s boyfriend. If I don’t call him brother-in-law, what else can I call him?” Wang Chan curled her lips and said.

Xiao Si sized up Zhou Wen and saw that his face was still covered in bandages and he was wearing a hat. It was impossible to tell what he looked like.

“I’m Xiao Si from Chiang Rai...” Xiao Si took the initiative to introduce himself. He mainly wanted to know who this man was.

Wang Lu was different from Wang Chan. Wang Lu could be said to be the heir apparent of the Wang family. It was impossible for the Wang family to let her marry outsiders, much less allow her Goddess of Luck Life Providence to go to waste.

The Wang family would definitely carefully filter the people who could become Wang Lu’s partner.

Now that Wang Chan had called Zhou Wen brother-in-law, Xiao Si was momentarily unsure of Zhou Wen’s origins.