Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 779: Evolution Again

Translator: CKtalon

The Nether Butterfly flew over. Large numbers of Flowers of Life produced specks of light that gathered on the Nether Butterfly’s body.

Soon, the entire Flower River seemed to become a fluorescent river. Fluorescence was rising from every corner.

Zhou Wen and company were already retreating, but their bodies underwent the same process as the Flowers of Life. They emitted specks of light, and every bit of light emitted from their bodies weakened their minds. They felt exhausted and wanted to fall to the ground to sleep.

They tried stopping the radiance from flowing from their bodies, but to no avail.

“Quick, let’s go. We can’t stop. If we stop, death awaits us.” Gu Shanshui led the way as he ran through the Flower River. Some of the Buddha plaques on his body shimmered with a strange light, causing him to emit radiance at a much slower pace. However, it only slowed down. He didn’t stop the radiance from emitting.

Bam! Bam!

The Buddha plaques on Zhou Wen and company exploded as yellow liquid splattered out. The baby figurine shattered as it transformed into specks of light that scattered out.

Many of the Buddha plaques on Gu Shanshui’s body exploded as well. Zhou Wen summoned the Golden Overlord Sword and slashed at the Nether Butterfly.

The Nether Butterfly’s flying speed was extremely fast. Even if Zhou Wen could escape, the others definitely couldn’t.

However, when the Golden Sword Aura slashed at the Nether Butterfly, it penetrated its transparent body without causing any damage.

“The Nether Butterfly is a Netherworld creature. It can travel between reality and the Netherworld. Typical Essence Energy attacks are useless against it.” As Li Mobai spoke, he summoned a Companion Beast. The Companion Beast was a white-dressed girl holding up a black paper umbrella, but the white-dressed girl had no facial features. She looked extremely strange.

However, the moment the girl came out, the black paper umbrella opened and blocked Li Mobai’s head. Li Mobai immediately stopped emitting light.

Unfortunately, the black paper umbrella was too small. It only allowed shelter for two and was unable to envelop everyone.

“Zhou Wen, try killing the Nether Butterfly,” Li Mobai said as he ordered the white-dressed girl to float towards Zhou Wen with the black umbrella.

The white-dressed girl floated to Zhou Wen’s side like a ghost and used the black paper umbrella to shelter him, preventing him from emitting any more radiance. Zhou Wen immediately felt much better and no longer felt exhausted.

Without any hesitation, Zhou Wen held the Golden Overlord Sword and turned to charge at the Nether Butterfly.

“Wait!” Gu Shanshui stopped Zhou Wen and extended his hand. A golden child appeared in front of him. The golden child was somewhat similar to Xiao Si’s Kuman Thong, but it didn’t have such a terrifying evil aura.

“Take my Life Soul and your sword will be capable of touching the Nether Butterfly. You don’t have much time. My Life Soul can only last ten minutes at most.” As Gu Shanshui spoke, the golden child transformed into a golden beam of light that fused into the Golden Overlord Sword. It added a golden image that resembled a baby or Buddha on the Golden Overlord Sword. The golden aura from on the sword also became stronger.

Zhou Wen took a step forward and activated Transcendent Flying Immortal. The Golden Overlord Sword in his hand slashed out a golden sword beam that instantly appeared in front of the Nether Butterfly.

Strangely enough, the white-dressed girl with the black umbrella seemed to stick to Zhou Wen. No matter how fast Zhou Wen was, she stuck close to him and used the black paper umbrella to cover his head.

The Nether Butterfly seemed to sense that something was amiss with this strike. With a flap of its wings, its figure seemed to penetrate the Netherworld and vanished. When it reappeared, it was already on the other side of the Flower River.

The Golden Overlord Sword in Zhou Wen’s hand slashed out sword beams one after another, criss-crossing in the air like golden lightning. However, the Nether Butterfly’s figure flickered as it vanished and appeared elsewhere. Zhou Wen’s sword ultimately failed to hit its body.

Zhou Wen had the black paper umbrella protecting him, so he was fine. However, Li Mobai and company were already exhausted and had no strength to escape. All of them fell to the ground. Gu Lou and Gu He, who were weaker, were about to fall asleep.

Even so, Li Mobai didn’t unsummon his Companion Beast, nor did Gu Shanshui dispel his Life Soul. He continued augmenting Zhou Wen.

Since Zhou Wen couldn’t hit it after repeated attempts, he knew that he probably couldn’t kill the Nether Butterfly with his speed alone. He immediately switched his Essence Energy Art and the Holy Hell King Life Soul appeared. The Eye of the Holy Hell King at his glabella opened as well.

Zhou Wen originally wanted to see if the Eye of the Holy Hell King could allow him to see the Netherworld Butterfly pass through the Underworld, but to his surprise, the moment it opened, the light emitted from the Flowers of Life changed directions. It no longer flew towards the Nether Butterfly and instead surged towards the Eye of the Holy Hell King.

What was even more terrifying was that the light on the Nether Butterfly’s body also scattered and flew towards the Eye of the Holy Hell King. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

In just an instant, the Nether Butterfly’s body glowed brightly as ice-blue incantations appeared. The incantations prevented the light from scattering from its body.

Boom!

As the wings flapped, a terrifying icy-blue light wave spread out from Zhou Wen like spatial ripples.

Zhou Wen’s eyes focused as he slashed out with the Golden Overlord Sword in his hand without any hesitation. It transformed into a golden sword beam that slashed apart the ice-blue beam.

The Nether Butterfly escaped into the Netherworld again, but under the Eye of the Holy Hell King, Zhou Wen could see the Nether Butterfly. Unfortunately, he couldn’t touch it.

The moment it left the Netherworld, the Golden Overlord Sword slashed at its body. The indomitable sword beam killed the Nether Butterfly and tore its body into two.

Ding!

A dimensional crystal dropped. It resembled a sapphire with the shadow of the Nether Butterfly within. It was an Essence Energy Skill Crystal.

Once the Nether Butterfly died, its body immediately transformed into countless beams of light that surged towards the Eye of the Holy Hell King. At the same time, the light from the Flowers of Life was sucked away by the Eye of the Holy Hell King.

Li Mobai and company only saw the light that filled the sky surge towards Zhou Wen’s glabella from all directions, but they couldn’t see the Eye of the Holy Hell King.

Even the white-dressed girl and the golden child were no exception. Their bodies emitted a glow that surged towards Zhou Wen’s glabella. However, Li Mobai and company no longer emitted any radiance.

Li Mobai and Gu Shanshui hurriedly dispelled the white-dressed girl and the golden child. Only then did they prevent their bodies from leaking radiance.

As a large amount of light was sucked into the Eye of the Holy Hell King, Zhou Wen vaguely felt that the Holy Hell King Life Soul was about to evolve again. He couldn’t help but be delighted.

When Holy Hell King evolved again, it would reach the Perfect Body. It would be Zhou Wen’s second Life Soul to reach the Perfect Body.

The originally beautiful Flowers of Life lost their luster as a large area withered. The originally beautiful Flower River instantly turned into a withered land of death.

When all the light was absorbed by Zhou Wen, the Holy Hell King Life Soul evolved almost simultaneously.