Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 782: One Thing Subdues Another

Translator: CKtalon

“From the looks of it, that’s the only way.” Although he found it a pity, Zhou Wen didn’t know how to rear Gu. It was useless even if he kept them.

Li Mobai had a plan. Mute and Butterfly each summoned a Companion Beast. Together with Li Mobai’s own Companion Beast, the three Companion Beasts looked identical. They were three bronze men.

The three bronze men were Epic Companion Beasts. Although they moved slowly, their defenses were extremely strong. Furthermore, they weren’t afraid of the poison that Gu were good at, nor were they afraid of them invading their bodies.

It was impossible to use them to kill Mythical Gu, but using them as bait was an ideal choice.

“Could these be the Bronze Men in the Founding Emperor Tomb?” Zhou Wen asked in surprise.

Li Mobai nodded and said, “Yes, they are the Bronze Men in the Founding Emperor Tomb. In order to obtain these three Companion Eggs, I spent a lot of money to buy them from the Zhang family.”

Zhou Wen wasn’t unfamiliar with the Founding Emperor Tomb because it was very famous. He had long wanted to see if there was a tiny palm symbol there, but he hadn’t had the chance to go.

As there were many evil powers in the Founding Emperor Tomb, ordinary people couldn’t enter. Only the Zhang family, who were experts in this area, could enter to hunt dimensional creatures. Therefore, very few Companion Beasts from the Founding Emperor Tomb were produced. Furthermore, they were much more expensive than Companion Eggs at the same level.

However, the Companion Beasts in the Founding Emperor Tomb were indeed unique. For example, a Bronze Man was very resistant against Essence Energy and had a strong body. He wasn’t afraid of various toxins and microorganisms. He was an ideal scout.

However, due to the low production, it wasn’t easy to obtain three Bronze Men. It was obvious that Li Mobai was determined to obtain them.

After the three Bronze Men approached the calabash vine, the Gu inside was indeed spat out. However, the one that came out this time was not the previous one, but a mosquito-like Gu with a carapace protecting its body.

Li Mobai told Zhou Wen that this was the Bloodsucking Gu King he had previously chased. However, the prior Bloodsucking Gu King wasn’t that powerful. Now, with the Bloodsucking Gu King around, it was imperative not to have any injuries.

As long as there was a wound, even if it was a very small wound, the Bloodsucking Gu King would be able to expand the wound, causing blood to spray out until the person died.

Unfortunately, the Bronze Men didn’t have blood, so the bloodsucking ability of the Bloodsucking Gu King was useless against them. However, the Bloodsucking Gu King didn’t only have bloodsucking abilities.

The Bloodsucking Gu King flapped its wings and flew quickly. The Bronze Men couldn’t keep up with it and one of them was stabbed in the head by its proboscis.

If it were an ordinary Companion Beast, it would definitely have been severely injured from this strike.

However, the Bronze Man wasn’t afraid. It was just a hole on his head that didn’t affect him at all.

The Bloodsucking Gu King even burrowed into the Bronze Man’s head and came out from the other side. However, it only injured the Bronze Man and wasn’t fatal.

Just as Zhou Wen was about to take action, the chick on his shoulder suddenly flapped its wings and flew over.

The mighty Bloodsucking Gu King was like a mouse seeing a cat when it saw the chick. Its body went limp as though it didn’t even have the strength to resist.

Although the chick was powerful, it was still growing. As for the Bloodsucking Gu King, it was already Mythical. If it fought the chick with all its might, the chick might not be able to gain much of an advantage.

However, in this world, everything had a weakness. The chick’s resistance against Gu was just too strong. The Bloodsucking Gu King’s legs went soft. It didn’t even dare to escape, much less fight.

The chick flew over and pecked at the Bloodsucking Gu King. The Bloodsucking Gu King’s carapace was hard, so the chick needed to peck at it a few times before tearing it open and eating it.

From beginning to end, the Mythical Bloodsucking Gu King didn’t resist too intensely. A Mythical Gu was eaten just like that. Li Mobai and company were dumbfounded.

Apart from Gu Shanshui who knew about the chick, everyone else watched in surprise as the chick unleashed its might. Although they knew that it was very powerful when it spewed out the flames to kill the jellyfish fungi, they never expected it to be this powerful.

The Mythical Bloodsucking Gu King didn’t even have the courage to resist. This wasn’t something that could be described as powerful. It was practically a strike on a whole different plane.

After the chick finished eating the Bloodsucking Gu King, it seemed unsatisfied as it flew towards the calabash, wanting to peck open the calabash and eat the Gu inside.

However, after pecking a few times, the calabash remained unharmed. Even the golden flames it spewed out failed to burn the calabash.

The calabash seemed to know how powerful the chick was. No matter how the chick tortured it from the outside, it didn’t dare spit out the Gu inside. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Zhou Wen got the chick to return and got Li Mobai and company to release the Bronze Men to entice it, but it was useless. The calabash refused to spit out the Gu inside no matter what.

Zhou Wen held the Golden Overlord Sword and slashed out a Golden Sword Aura at the calabash. The Golden Sword Aura’s Ever-Victorious and Unstoppable worked, causing a crack to appear on the calabash.

However, the Golden Sword Aura vanished the moment it entered the calabash. The crack automatically healed and quickly disappeared.

“If I had known that inviting you would save me so much trouble, I would have invited you over long ago, even if I had gone bankrupt.” Li Mobai and company walked over.

Although he wasn’t able to chop down the calabash or kill all the Gu inside, the calabash didn’t dare take any abnormal action. Li Mobai had achieved his goal. Ignoring the calabash that had turtled up, he walked towards the gray cocoon of the Guardian.

Seeing how magical the calabash was, Zhou Wen wanted to remove it, but after slashing a few times, all his strikes were absorbed. He failed to slice off the calabash.

With the chick standing by the side like a tiger eyeing its prey, ready to eat the Gu that could come out at any time, the calabash didn’t dare do anything out of the ordinary. It didn’t make any abnormal movements and stood still.

Li Mobai had already walked in front of the Guardian cocoon. Without any hesitation, he cut his finger and let his blood drip onto the cocoon.

Everyone looked at the blood that dripped onto the Guardian cocoon. Even Zhou Wen temporarily stopped attacking the calabash and looked over.

Zhou Wen naturally didn’t wish for Li Mobai to succeed. If Li Mobai succeeded, there would be nothing for him.

Blood slowly flowed down the Guardian’s cocoon, but it left Li Mobai very disappointed. The drop of blood flowed down the Guardian’s cocoon and dripped to the ground, unable to penetrate it.

“Master...” Butterfly wore a look of disappointment. She wanted to console Li Mobai, but she didn’t know what to say.

“A single failure isn’t a big deal. If it doesn’t work this time, there will be a next time. Since this path doesn’t work, let’s switch paths. As long as we continue walking, there will always be a path that leads to our destination.” Li Mobai didn’t look too disappointed. He sorted out his emotions and said to Zhou Wen, “Zhou Wen, according to our previous agreement, it’s your turn now. If you don’t succeed, I hope you can give them a chance.”