Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 787: Mythical Tadpole

2

Translator: CKtalon

The tadpole was more than a meter long, and its head was dozens of centimeters in diameter. When it wriggled its tail, it stirred the water, creating tiny whirlpools.

Its color was relatively light and wasn’t as black as the Legendary Ancient Tadpoles, nor was it similar to the dark-gold colors of the Dark Gold Epic Ancient Tadpoles. It was a light gray color that leaned towards white.

When Zhou Wen saw it, it had already discovered the Electric Eel. With a flick of its tail, it tore through the waves like a torpedo and rapidly slammed into the Electric Eel.

The Electric Eel launched an electric current attack, but when the electric current struck the huge tadpole, it didn’t cause it to explode.

Boom!

The giant tadpole slammed into the Electric Eel against the electric current’s surge. Then, Zhou Wen saw a terrifying explosion detonate the ancient tadpoles in the valley.

The explosion of the giant tadpole was already terrifying, and the tiny tadpoles that were produced from the explosion slammed into the other Epic and Legendary tadpoles, causing a chain reaction.

Zhou Wen realized that something was amiss. He condensed a protective Essence Energy Skill to resist the explosion, but the terrifying explosion blasted apart the blood-colored avatar’s protective Essence Energy. The armor was also penetrated as the tadpoles that burrowed into his body exploded again. After a series of explosions, the blood-colored avatar died.

Isn’t this explosion a little too powerful? Zhou Wen was somewhat alarmed. The tadpole was clearly a Mythical existence. The explosion caused it to split and explode again, causing all the Ancient Tadpoles in the valley to explode. Unless it was a Mythical creature with extremely powerful defense, it was impossible to withstand the blast.

After respawning, Zhou Wen knew better. He didn’t enter the valley himself and summoned Tyrant Behemoth to charge into the valley where the Mythical tadpole was.

Soon, Zhou Wen heard a chain of explosions outside the valley. The explosion sent water splattering everywhere, and the water level in the valley outside rose significantly.

The explosion lasted for quite some time before it finally stopped. Zhou Wen roughly counted that there were nine highly intense explosions. It was likely that the Mythical tadpole had experienced nine splits and explosions.

Notifications of various Ancient Tadpoles’ deaths had already flooded the game screen. The last message was especially eye-catching.

‘Killed Mythical Creature, Ancient Splitting Tadpole. Discovered Companion Egg.’

Zhou Wen entered the valley and saw Tyrant Behemoth standing in the water, covered in wounds. He was somewhat astounded.

Despite using Absolute Strength, Tyrant Behemoth had still been injured from the blast. Although it was only slightly injured, the Ancient Splitting Tadpole’s self-destruction power was extremely terrifying.

The Companion Egg had dropped into the water. Apart from the Mythical Companion Egg, there were many dimensional crystals and tiny Companion Eggs scattered everywhere in the water. They were likely left behind by the Legendary and Epic tadpoles.

Zhou Wen picked up the Mythical Companion Egg and chose to hatch it.

Soon, the Mythical Ancient Splitting Tadpole appeared in his pet column. It looked no different from before.

Ancient Splitting Tadpole: Mythical

Life Providence: Split

Life Soul: Combine

Wheel of Destiny: Parasitizing Death

Strength: 81

Speed: 76

Constitution: 77

Essence Energy: 81 Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Talent Skill: Self-detonation

Companion Form: Grenade

The Ancient Splitting Tadpole’s attributes were already rather terrifying. Two attributes had reached the top 81 points, but he didn’t know what kind of ability Parasitizing Death was.

However, just the nine splits and self-destruct abilities were rather terrifying. To be able to injure Tyrant Behemoth while it had Absolute Strength activated meant extreme potency.

It’s a pity that once the Ancient Splitting Tadpole self-destructs nine times, it will really die. It can’t be used randomly outside the game, but I don’t need to have such qualms in-game.

Zhou Wen thought of Explosive Fiend Man, who also had the ability to self-destruct. His self-destruction was even more ruthless. He could only self-destruct once before dying. He didn’t even have a second chance.

The Splitting Tadpole could self-destruct at least nine times. As long as it didn’t self-destruct nine times in a row, it wouldn’t really die. Controlling it allowed him to use it in reality.

I wonder if I can fuse Splitting Tadpole with Explosive Fiend Man. If Explosive Fiend Man also has such a splitting ability... Zhou Wen didn’t dare continue thinking.

Just the thought of the Explosive Fiend Man self-destructing, splitting into small Explosive Fiend Men, and then exploding everywhere made his scalp tingle.

Looking at the compatibility between Explosive Fiend Man and Splitting Tadpole, he realized that it was only a pitiful 24%. If it was a fusion, the chances of failure were nearly 80%.

Although they both have similar self-destruction abilities, it looks like the two aren’t the same type. Zhou Wen had no choice but to dismiss the idea of fusion.

He reached a dead-end in the Valley of No Return with no way to go further, so Zhou Wen had no choice but to retreat to the fork and walk towards the valley on the right to see what was inside.

The valley on the right was completely different from the valley on the left. After entering the valley on the right, the temperature suddenly dropped. After taking a few steps, frost and snow appeared on the ground.

The valley on the right was a snow valley. The deeper he went, the thicker the snow became. After taking a few steps, the phone screen suddenly turned black. The blood-colored avatar had died for some reason.

From the looks of it, there’s a problem with the snow. Zhou Wen roughly understood the problem, but to be able to make his Hell King Life Soul fail to discover the problem, the things in the snow had to be extremely extraordinary.

Just as he was about to drip his blood to revive and continue grinding in the Valley of No Return, he suddenly heard Gu Shanshui say, “We’ve reached the end of the Flower River. We’ll reach the periphery of Chiang Rai in another ten kilometers.”

“Before the dimensional storms, this area was situated at the borders of three countries—the famous Golden Triangle. In the past, it was chaotic, and it’s not any better now. Not only are there many dimensional zones, but there are also all sorts of evil Essence Energy Arts. Gu, Kuman Thong, voodoo, witchcraft, Buddhist scriptures, and the other districts’ Essence Energy Arts which can be seen here. It’s messy. Furthermore, there are all sorts of people here. It’s very easy for something to happen. You have to be careful here. It’s best you don’t eat anything randomly or take anything from others.”

Gu Shanshui paused for a moment before continuing, “Chiang Rai is in this area. Now, there are three most famous families in Chiang Rai. The biggest one is the Xiao family. The Xiao family isn’t only proficient in Buddha plaques and Kuman Thong, but they also have deep attainments in Gu and voodoo magic. Rumor has it that they have a Mythical Kuman Thong that’s extremely powerful. Anyone who offends this family ends up in a terrible state.”

Zhou Wen was puzzled and asked, “Isn’t Kuman Thong a Life Soul?”

Gu Shanshui explained, “Kuman Thong was originally witchcraft that nurtured spirit babies. There were Heaven Babies, Earth Babies, and Man Babies. After the dimensional storms, someone used the method of raising Kuman Thong to obtain a quick Life Soul. They used the Kuman Thong they nurtured as their Life Souls.”