Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 813: Continuously Looking for Trouble

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen used the Invisibility Cloak’s three minutes of invisibility to leave the Xiyuan Shop. He didn’t enter the password to open the metal slab.

Firstly, there wasn’t enough time. Secondly, what the silver-haired Companion Beast had said was only one-sided. Before he got a clear understanding of the situation, Zhou Wen wasn’t willing to casually open the metal slab.

At the very least, Zhou Wen still didn’t know what the anchor and woman’s picture meant. Since the symbol was engraved on the metal slab, there had to be a reason.

Zhou Wen planned on finding an opportunity to ask the silver-haired Companion Beast again in the future. It wouldn’t be too late to open the metal slab after figuring things out.

Anyway, he was the only one who knew the passcode now. It was impossible for others to open it.

After returning to his dorm, Zhou Wen heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that the antelope, Ya’er, and chick were watching television.

The chick wasn’t a problem, but Zhou Wen was afraid that something might happen if the antelope and Ya’er clashed.

Zhou Wen didn’t wish to see the school being besieged by a sea of Gu. However, on careful thought, Gu-type Companion Beasts were typically in the South District. Not every place had Gu. Ya’er could only communicate with Gu. In such a place without Gu, it was impossible for her to summon a large number.

With this in mind, Zhou Wen became afraid that Ya’er would be at a disadvantage against the antelope.

In contrast, Zhou Wen felt that Ya’er was better. The antelope was quite an asshole. Zhou Wen didn’t trust it.

However, as the antelope was somewhat unfathomable and too powerful, Zhou Wen was momentarily helpless against it. All he could do was silently acknowledge its existence.

If the silver-haired Companion Beast isn’t lying, the strongest creature on Earth is only at the Terror stage. Only after those Guardians and humans combine will they have a chance of breaking past the Terror stage. I should think of a way to advance to the Mythical stage first. Otherwise, it’s useless thinking about this. Zhou Wen launched the game and grinded monsters while getting injured so that he could use the Chaos Egg to treat him.

The heavier and more bizarre the injuries were, the faster the Chaos Egg grew. Zhou Wen even attempted to fight Mythical creatures to suffer serious injuries so that he could get the Chaos Egg to treat him.

Unfortunately, the same type of injury could only allow the Chaos Egg to grow once. It was useless if he suffered the same injuries again. Therefore, Zhou Wen had to find a way to torture himself. Finally, four days later, the Chaos Egg began to evolve while treating Zhou Wen.

At that moment, the blood-colored avatar was still inside the Chaos Egg. When the Chaos Egg evolved, it remained in this state. Zhou Wen could clearly sense that the Essence Energy inside the Chaos Egg was rapidly transforming. It became purer and more concentrated. The healing effects were clearly enhanced.

Not long after, the Essence Energy in the Chaos Egg condensed into mist. The mist then turned into droplets. With the increasing amount of droplets, they became a water body that filled the entire Chaos Egg.

At this moment, the Chaos Egg’s evolution was finally completed.

Zhou Wen could clearly sense that the liquid inside the Chaos Egg was a type of high-level Essence Energy. It was much stronger than ordinary Essence Energy in all aspects.

After taking a look at the Chaos Egg’s information, he realized that the Chaos Egg had indeed evolved to an Evolved Body. However, its name hadn’t changed. It was still Chaos Egg and was somewhat different from other Life Souls.

Zhou Wen suffered injuries again and entered the Chaos Egg to recuperate. As expected, the healing speed was much faster this time.

Could it be that the Chaos Egg’s ability is just healing? Zhou Wen wasn’t too disappointed. After all, such crazy healing ability was almost comparable to Li Xuan’s self-healing.

However, Li Xuan could heal himself while fighting. The moment he used the Chaos Egg, Zhou Wen couldn’t do anything else. All he could do was hide inside to recuperate.

Zhou Wen didn’t care too much. After all, he had to raise the Chaos Egg to a Perfect Body first. Zhou Wen crazily looked for trouble in-game and suffered almost all the injuries he could.

Although it still hadn’t advanced to a Perfect Body, it gave Zhou Wen a deeper understanding of the abilities of various dimensional creatures. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

After all, experiencing their various skills personally was different from seeing with his eyes.

Now, Zhou Wen knew the effects of various skills like the back of his hand. He knew very well what kind of skills were most powerful and the effects when they hit him.

Even so, the Chaos Egg failed to advance to a Perfect Body. Zhou Wen felt that it was becoming stronger, but it was too slow.

There’s no place left for me to be injured. What should I do? Should I find a new dimensional zone? Zhou Wen thought for a moment. Finding a new dimensional zone wasn’t that easy.

Finally, Zhou Wen gritted his teeth. From the looks of it, I can only go there.

Zhou Wen reluctantly launched the Netherworld City dungeon and entered. When the torture chambers opened, he entered the first one.

“Ah... Ah... Ah...” Not long after, Zhou Wen came out of the torture chamber and used the Chaos Egg to treat his injuries. Then, he went to the next torture chamber and tragic cries sounded. Soon, Zhou Wen came out again and continued treating his injuries.

Zhou Wen shuttled back and forth on the long streets of Netherworld City and suffered all sorts of punishments. Being whipped and burned was nothing to him. What was even more perverse was getting fried in a pot of oil, having nails impaling his body, etc. Such inhuman pain was something ordinary people couldn’t tolerate.

However, Zhou Wen endured all of them and the effects were excellent. After every treatment, he could clearly sense that the Chaos Egg was rapidly growing.

Zhou Wen carried on in the midst of pain and happiness. The pain in his body couldn’t hide the joy in his heart.

However, even Zhou Wen couldn’t accept a few punishments. He skipped the torture chambers, such as the Wooden Horse Punishment that Zhou Wen had previously recommended to Liu Yun.

There were also some punishments that were even more terrifying than the Wooden Horse Punishment. Zhou Wen consciously didn’t choose them.

Zhou Wen waited for the torture chamber to open every day before experiencing new punishments. These punishments needed at least half a month before he could finish them all.

City Lord Netherworld said that I have to try all the punishments before I can see the real Netherworld City. I wonder what it means. Zhou Wen was somewhat curious, but he couldn’t accept some of the punishments. In the end, he gave up.

Days passed as Zhou Wen tried most of the punishments in Netherworld City. He vaguely felt that the Chaos Egg was about to advance, but it was just a little short.

No, I have to find another place to get beaten up. After some thought, Zhou Wen felt that it was too dangerous to go to unfamiliar dimensional zones. It was better to find someone to beat him up.

I wonder how Feng Qiuyan’s saber techniques have been recently. I’ll get him to spar with me. Zhou Wen contacted Feng Qiuyan by phone.