Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 815: Perfect Chaos Egg

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen returned to his dorm and used the Chaos Egg to treat his injuries, but he realized that the improvement it had on the Chaos Egg wasn’t good enough.

From the looks of it, human strength is still too weak. The injuries they cause are very limited in raising Chaos. I still have to go to those dimensional zones to find Mythical dimensional creatures. Zhou Wen gave up on the idea of finding humans to fight. Currently, there were only a handful of humans at the Mythical stage. Most of them had relied on Guardians to advance to the Mythical stage.

However, it wasn’t easy to find a new dimensional zone. Zhou Wen thought for a moment and suddenly thought of something. I wonder if the injuries I suffered under taboo powers count? Those are the rules of a dimensional zone. It’s different from the injuries of dimensional creatures, but it’s an injury, right?

With this in mind, Zhou Wen entered the game and headed to Small Buddha Temple to give it a try. This time, Zhou Wen didn’t use any Buddhist Essence Energy Art or any Essence Energy Skills to prevent himself from being injured. He directly stepped onto the stone steps.

Not long after he walked up the stone steps, Zhou Wen felt something amiss with his body. Just as he was about to vomit blood and collapse, he hurriedly summoned the Chaos Egg to envelope the blood-colored avatar.

The Chaos Egg was really useful. When Zhou Wen was inside, the taboo power outside couldn’t injure him. When the Chaos Egg began to heal Zhou Wen’s body, Zhou Wen could clearly sense that the Chaos Egg was rapidly becoming stronger while treating him.

It really works... Zhou Wen was overjoyed. After treating his injuries, he continued walking. However, when he was injured again, although the Chaos Egg could still treat him, it didn’t become stronger again.

A taboo power can only raise it once. Let me see which dimensional zones have taboo powers... Zhou Wen thought about it and went to the dimensional zones to experience all the taboo powers.

The Chaos Egg’s improvement was extremely fast. The effects of the taboo power were abnormally good. It was even more powerful than being injured by Mythical creatures. When Zhou Wen walked around Netherworld City without any regard for the rules, the taboo power activated and nearly killed him. Before he was killed, he entered the Chaos Egg and successfully healed his body.

During the restoration process, the Chaos Egg began to evolve again. The liquid in it that resembled spring water underwent a tremendous change.

The liquid seeped into Zhou Wen’s body and he felt as though his body had melted into the liquid, becoming a part of it.

This feeling was very subtle. Furthermore, the liquid was gradually solidifying. As part of the liquid, Zhou Wen could still move freely.

This feeling was indescribable because it was impossible for a person to move in ice or jade. Now, Zhou Wen was experiencing this feeling, so he found it difficult to describe. In short, it was a magical experience.

In the beginning, the Chaos Egg only had a shell. When it evolved, its insides were filled with liquid. Now, the entire Chaos Egg was one, turning into jade. There were no gaps inside.

The Chaos Egg successfully advanced to a Perfect Body. At the same time, a notification appeared in-game.

‘Chaos Egg Life Soul has advanced to Perfect Body. Essence Energy+1.’

When Zhou Wen saw the word+1, he immediately felt refreshed as though he had drunk honey. He hurriedly took a look at the blood-colored avatar’s stats. Its Essence Energy stat had indeed increased to 41 points.

Although it was only a one-point difference, it was something Zhou Wen had been looking forward to for a long time. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

This didn’t just mean that his stats had increased. It also meant that Zhou Wen could absorb the Mythical Essence Energy Skill Crystals that required 41 Essence Energy points.

The Mythical Essence Energy Skill Crystals he had obtained in the past could not be used due to insufficient stats. He felt it such a waste.

Chaos Egg: Perfect Body

Zhou Wen looked at the Chaos Egg’s stats and realized that there weren’t any changes. However, after advancing to a Perfect Body, the self-healing effects were even stronger. There didn’t seem to be anything special about it.

Could it be that Chaos Egg really only has healing abilities? Z

hou Wen found it unbelievable.

This was a Life Soul condensed from the First Order of Chaos. Its functions shouldn’t be so monotonous, but Zhou Wen had tried many experiments. Apart from self-healing, he didn’t discover anything special.

Forget it. I’ll think of a way to raise the other Life Souls to a Perfect Body as soon as possible. Two Essence Energy Arts with similar attributes can allow the corresponding stat to reach 41 points. Are there any other Essence Energy Arts that have similar attributes? Zhou Wen began considering his Essence Energy Arts.

The Dao Sutra and First Order of Chaos could be excluded. These two had already enhanced his Essence Energy stat.

The Small Perfection of Wisdom Sutra was an Essence Energy Art with a Constitution attribute. The Ancient Sovereign Sutra was Strength, and the Godfiend Era was Speed. Apart from these three, Zhou Wen had also cultivated the Sky-Stealing Sun-Shifting Art. However, he had only just gained basic mastery of the Sky-Stealing Sun-Shifting Art and hadn’t even condensed a Life Providence.

However, Zhou Wen could roughly sense that the Sky-Stealing Sun-Shifting Art was somewhat similar to the Godfiend Era. It seemed to have some spatial attributes that were inclined towards Speed.

Next, I’ll cultivate the Sky-Stealing Sun-Shifting Art and the Godfiend Era. Zhou Wen made up his mind to raise the Life Soul of the Godfiend Era before cultivating the Sky-Stealing Sun-Shifting Art.

The Life Soul condensed by Godfiend Era was Lost Country. Zhou Wen had actually studied it for a long time. He had read many books on space and fought spatial dimensional creatures. He had vaguely figured out how to advance.

However, there had been too many things happening recently, so he hadn’t had the time to do the advancement.

The advancement method of Lost Country could hardly be described as difficult or easy. Zhou Wen usually used Lost Country’s teleportation function. Every time he used teleportation, Lost Country would actually improve a little.

However, teleportation could only be used once every twenty-four hours, so its growth was extremely slow. According to Zhou Wen’s estimates, he needed to use teleportation more than a thousand times to evolve Lost Country.

At this speed, it was impossible for him to advance to an Evolved Body for a few years. Then, the Evolved Body needed to be advanced to the Perfect Body. It definitely needed him to use teleportation more, something that Zhou Wen didn’t have the time for.

It wasn’t that there was no solution. After studying it for so long, Zhou Wen had come up with a solution. He had discovered a Mythical creature that could teleport. The Companion Egg that dropped was a mount type, and it could teleport with its owner.

As long as he could teleport, Lost Country should be able to advance.

Zhou Wen felt that if he could obtain such a Companion Beast, he could greatly reduce the time it took for Lost Country to advance to a Perfect Body.

However, the Companion Beast named Mystic Bird was the Hero King’s Companion Beast. It was said that when the Hero King knew that he was about to die, he had forcefully transferred the Mystic Bird to his descendant. The Mystic Bird could be said to be the most precious Companion Beast in the Zhang family.

Zhou Wen didn’t have much of a relationship with the Zhang family. He only knew Zhang Yuzhi and didn’t have a particularly great relationship with her. Zhou Wen thought it would be unrealistic to borrow the Mystic Bird from the Zhang family.

It’s probably unrealistic to farm the Mystic Bird Companion Beast myself. I’ll ask Zhang Yuzhi first to see if she knows where the Mystic Bird can be found. If there’s a chance, I’ll give it a try. If there’s no chance, I’ll have to take an unorthodox path. Zhou Wen tried sending Zhang Yuzhi a message, but he wasn’t sure if she would read it. He heard that Zhang Yuzhi didn’t always use her phone.