Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 830: Dragon Tiger Town

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen set off for Mount Dragon Tiger, wanting to know what Liu Yun was up to.

After walking for a while, Zhou Wen was pleasantly surprised to discover that the Fine Dust Life Soul was growing.

What happened? Why would the Fine Dust Life Soul grow on its own? Zhou Wen didn’t know what he had done to make it grow.

After some thought, he narrowed it down to one possibility. When he walked, he triggered Fine Dust’s growth.

Zhou Wen hurriedly experimented again and realized that it was true. The further he went, the faster Fine Dust grew. When he didn’t walk, Fine Dust would stop growing.

Furthermore, it was useless to take a repetitive path. He had to go to places he had never been before. Only then would Fine Dust obtain the energy needed to grow.

The advancement method of the Fine Dust Life Soul is quite interesting. I can actually grow it by walking. This is very easy. Zhou Wen couldn’t help but be delighted. He could evolve it simply by walking. The Fine Dust Life Soul could be considered the easiest to advance.

“If this continues, I might be able to advance to an Evolved Body by the time I reach Mount Dragon Tiger.”

As he had something on his mind, Zhou Wen wasn’t in the mood to visit the dimensional zones on the way. He headed straight for Mount Dragon Tiger without stopping.

Before the dimensional storms, Mount Dragon Tiger was a Daoist sacred land. The founder of the orthodox path, Perfected Orthodox Unity, cultivated and did alchemy on Mount Dragon Tiger.

Legend had it that the Zhang family was the descendant of Perfected Orthodox Unity. After Mount Dragon Tiger became a dimensional zone, the Zhang family, who had always lived there, naturally became the owner of Mount Dragon Tiger.

It was said that after the mutation at Mount Dragon Tiger, there were dragon and tiger roars coming from within. It was a terrifying place. Apart from the Zhang family, no one usually dared to approach it.

The Zhang family was good at alchemy and Sword Seal Talismans. It was said that not only did they benefit from dimensional zones, but they also had the legacy of Orthodox Unity.

The Hero King’s rise to prominence back then was definitely not due to luck. Orthodox Unity’s legacy was indispensable.

Although the Hero King was very famous, the Zhang family was relatively low-key among the six families. They weren’t as arrogant as the Cape family, nor did they seize power like the Xia family. They only guarded the area near Mount Dragon Tiger and rumors about the Zhang family were rare.

However, no one dared to underestimate the Zhang family because of this. In fact, there were many times when the other five families needed the Zhang family’s help.

Furthermore, the Zhang family controlled the most important servers in the Federation. Much information and data had to go through the Zhang family before they could retrieve it.

With the Zhang family’s way of doing things, it wasn’t easy to get information from them. To get them to do something wasn’t something that could be done with a small sum of money.

Zhou Wen rushed all the way to the vicinity of Mount Dragon Tiger and had no choice but to marvel at the wonderland. It was a perfect paradise. The scenery was picturesque and the fog filled the air like a paradise on earth.

Legend has it that back when Celestial Master Zhang was refining pills on Mount Dragon Tiger, a dragon and tiger appeared after the pill was formed. That’s why it was named Mount Dragon Tiger. I wonder if the current Mount Dragon Tiger also has a Dragon Tiger Pill? Zhou Wen was very interested in the Mount Dragon Tiger dimensional zone.

The Zhang family had been guarding Mount Dragon Tiger all this time and had even built this place to be the headquarters of the Zhang family. Outsiders were not allowed to enter, so Mount Dragon Tiger was definitely no trifling matter. If he could download it as a game dungeon, there might be great benefits awaiting him.

However, the auction wasn’t to be held in the Dragon Tiger dimensional zone. Instead, it was going to be held in a small town outside the mountain. The town’s name was Dragon Tiger Town.

Although it was called a town, Dragon Tiger Town was comparable to a large city.

Due to the Zhang family’s existence, many people moved their families to the vicinity of Mount Dragon Tiger, causing the nearby town to expand greatly. The Zhang family also protected the peace in the vicinity, preventing them from being ravaged by dimensional creatures.

After Zhou Wen arrived at Dragon Tiger Town, he originally imagined that Liu Yun would take the initiative to contact him, but to his surprise, Liu Yun was nowhere to be seen.

Little did he know that although Liu Yun had left early, he had encountered many things on the way. He had traveled very slowly, allowing Zhou Wen to arrive at Dragon Tiger Town first.

Could Liu Yun be dead? Zhou Wen was somewhat worried, but there was nothing he could do. All he could do was wait.

Zhou Wen didn’t contact Zhang Yuzhi because he didn’t know what Liu Yun was up to. If Liu Yun wanted to force him to go to the Zhang family to steal the Earth Elemental Beast, it wouldn’t be appropriate for Zhou Wen to stay at the Zhang family’s residence.

Just as he was about to find a hotel to stay in, he saw a group of people walking across the street. From their looks, they were likely from the West District.

People from the Family Clan of Gods? Zhou Wen carefully sized them up and recognized the logo on them.

Although the members of the Family Clan of Gods only had surnames and no names, they would usually use a symbol to let others know that they were members of the Family Clan of Gods. They would also be proud of being members of the Family Clan of Gods.

Zhou Wen saw that the middle-aged man in the lead was tall and handsome. His figure and facial lines were as angular as a marble statue. It was unforgettable.

As though sensing Zhou Wen’s gaze, the person looked over as well. He clearly recognized Zhou Wen. After taking a glance, he walked over.

The middle-aged man came in front of Zhou Wen and said with a smile, “Hello, Zhou Wen. My name is Moses and I’m a member of the Family Clan of Gods. I’ve wanted to meet you for a long time, but I couldn’t find time to go to Luoyang. To be able to meet you here, it looks like we are destined to meet.”

The other members of the Family Clan of Gods also stared at Zhou Wen as they sized him up. Clearly, they were rather curious about him.

A young man who wasn’t from the six families and didn’t even have a decent family background was actually able to make such a name for himself in the Federation. This was very eye-catching.

Furthermore, Zhou Wen was Wang Mingyuan’s disciple. Just this alone was enough to raise an eyebrow.

“How may I help you?” Zhou Wen asked Moses.

His relationship with the six families wasn’t too good. After all, the six families were the actual rulers of the Federation, but he had challenged the authority of the Federation. It would be strange if their relationship was good.

“If possible, I hope to have a fair battle with you,” said Moses.

“Moses, aren’t you being a disgrace? You actually want to challenge a young man.” As he spoke, Zhang Chunqiu walked over.

This was Mount Dragon Tiger. It would have been odd if the Zhang family did not know that figures like Zhou Wen and Moses had come to Dragon Tiger Town.

Moses smiled and said, “The rules of the Family Clan of Gods are different from your East District. The strong are respected. Zhou Wen is strong enough to be my opponent.”

Zhang Chunqiu said with a smile, “Then you can challenge Zhou Wen when he goes to your Family Clan of Gods. He’s our guest now.”T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m