Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 834: Pill Furnace Mountain Dungeon

Despite hanging out with Zhang Yuzhi for a day, Zhou Wen only managed to go to a few famous places as Mount Dragon Tiger was just so huge. There were just too many dimensional zones.

After returning, Zhang Yuzhi arranged a place for Zhou Wen to stay in Celestial Master Manor. Zhou Wen lay in bed and took out his phone, hoping to see if he could get a pill essence to drop in Pill Furnace Mountain in-game.

When he launched the game, the scene he saw was the entire Pill Furnace Mountain. He controlled the blood-colored avatar to come to the top of Pill Furnace Mountain and saw nine bowl-sized holes.

When he approached Pill Furnace Mountain, a pill essence immediately spewed out from one of the holes. It was a scarlet pill essence, undoubtedly at the Legendary stage.

Zhou Wen summoned the Golden Overlord Sword and allowed it to slay the pill essence before landing on the mountaintop.

The nine holes immediately spewed out pill essences—red and yellow ones—but they were no match for the Golden Overlord Sword. They were shattered the moment they appeared.

‘Killed Legendary creature, Venom Pill Essence... Killed Epic creature, Rejuvenation Pill Essence...’

Although they looked similar on the surface, the pill essences had slight differences.

Ding!

With a crisp sound, a Companion Egg finally dropped. On careful look, it was a golden pill with the words “Rejuvenation Pill Essence.”

An Epic Rejuvenation Pill! Zhou Wen couldn’t help but be overjoyed. Although this wasn’t as good as the Resurrection Pill, he had heard from Zhang Yuzhi that the Rejuvenation Pill’s healing effects were very good. They were extremely effective treating typical internal organ, flesh, and bone injuries.

He hatched the Rejuvenation Pill and checked its stats.

Rejuvenation Pill Essence: Epic

Life Providence: Land Rejuvenation

Life Soul: Pill Spirit

Strength: 21

Speed: 21

Constitution: 22

Essence Energy: 39

Talent Skill: Miraculous Rejuvenation

Companion Form: Pill (One-time use)

These stats are quite odd. However, Zhang Yuzhi said that the other stats don’t matter. The quality of a pill essence depends on its Essence Energy. A pill essence with high Essence Energy has stronger effects. This has 39 Essence Energy. It’s considered excellent, Zhou Wen thought.

The Golden Overlord Sword was still killing the pill essences. All sorts of pill essences spewed out from the nine holes as they were killed by the Golden Overlord Sword.

These pill essences were odd. Apart from Companion Eggs, nothing else dropped. Zhou Wen didn’t even see a single stat crystal. Instead, two more Legendary Companion Eggs dropped.

Suddenly, a white pill essence flew out from the hole. It was about the size of a fist and was crystalline like a ball of jade with misty clouds inside.

What was even stranger was the white dragon-shaped mist flowing in the pill. The entire pill essence emitted an abnormally powerful lifeforce.

A pill essence with a dragon form? Could it be the Mythical Resurrection Pill Essence that Zhang Yuzhi mentioned? Zhou Wen was delighted as he immediately ordered the Golden Overlord Sword to slash at it.

Clang!

The Golden Overlord Sword slashed at the Resurrection Pill Essence, but it failed to split it into two. It only left a sword mark.

Almost instantly, the wounds on the Resurrection Pill Essence healed.

The Golden Overlord Sword slashed several times, each strike leaving a deep mark on its body. However, it failed to slice through it fully. In the next instant, the Resurrection Pill Essence would recover.

The Rejuvenation Pill Essence’s recovery ability is so strong. It’s even stronger than Li Xuan’s recovery ability. Zhou Wen was secretly surprised.

Unfortunately, Tyrant Behemoth was still with Zhang Xiao and couldn’t be used. Zhou Wen had to unsummon it to have it projected in-game.

Now, Zhou Wen naturally couldn’t take it back, so he had no choice but to let the blood-colored avatar hold the Golden Overlord Sword and use Immortal Slaying.

The Golden Overlord Sword combined with Immortal Slaying cleaved the Life Regeneration Pill Essence into two at once.

‘Killed Mythical Creature, Rejuvenation Pill Essence.’

Zhou Wen was taken aback when he saw the game notification. That’s it?

It was the first kill of a Mythical creature in this dungeon, but nothing dropped—not even a single strand of hair.

Although Zhou Wen was somewhat depressed, he didn’t mind as there were plenty of opportunities in the future. He continued letting the Golden Overlord Sword kill the pill essences.

Ding!

After killing a Legendary pill essence, a Companion Egg dropped. Zhou Wen took a careful look and realized that it was called a Virility Strengthening Pill.

There’s actually such a pill essence! Zhou Wen was somewhat surprised. After incubating the Virility Strengthening Pill, he realized that its stats were ordinary. However, its talent skill was different from the Rejuvenation Pill. Its name was “Virility Strengthening.” T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Zhou Wen kept counting. There were only eighty-one pill essences in Pill Furnace Mountain. After killing them, no more pill essences came out.

Apart from the Resurrection Pill Essence, no other Mythical pill essence appeared.

He dripped his blood to respawn in the dungeon, but the pill essences on Pill Furnace Mountain didn’t respawn.

From the looks of it, the respawning pattern of this Pill Furnace Mountain should be the same as other Mythical creatures. It respawns once every 24 hours. Zhou Wen had no choice but to give up on grinding pill essences and switch to grinding other Mythical creatures and rare dimensional creatures.

Ding!

After killing the Golden Battle God Halberd again, another Companion Egg dropped.

This thing has such a high drop rate! Is this the fourth or fifth? Zhou Wen couldn’t remember how many times it had dropped.

What’s the point of dropping so many? Quickly have the nine black dragons’ Companion Beast drop. Let me see what effects they have. Zhou Wen suddenly thought of something.

Previously, Liu Yun could transfer his Companion Beast to others by paying a small price. Now that I’ve also practiced the Sky-Stealing Sun-Shifting Art, can I be like him? If I can do it, won’t I be able to sell those useless Companion Beasts? Zhou Wen really wanted to sell his Companion Beasts in exchange for the resources he needed.

Even if he didn’t sell them, he could give the Companion Beasts he had no use for to his close friends to ensure their safety.

However, Zhou Wen still didn’t understand how to use the Sky-Stealing Sun-Shifting Art to transfer Companion Beasts.

I’ll think of a way to get the method from Liu Yun. Is this fellow here or not? As Liu Yun couldn’t enter Celestial Master Manor, Zhou Wen planned on visiting Dragon Tiger Town tomorrow to prevent Liu Yun from failing to find him.

While Zhou Wen slept, Zhang Xiao didn’t sleep. He was reeling in excitement. He led Tyrant Behemoth to the Fiend Tomb today to see if Tyrant Behemoth would eat the Fiend Stones.

The outcome excited him. Not only did Tyrant Behemoth eat them, but it also ate at an astonishing speed. In less than half a day, it had already eaten a large number of Fiend Stones.

At this rate, it will only take five days at most. The Fiend Stones that spread out from the Fiend Tomb will probably be eaten clean. Considering how much it has eaten, it definitely won’t digest it all so easily. Considering the digestion time, it will probably take more than a month to resolve the problem of Fiend Stone growth... Zhang Xiao thought excitedly.