Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 858: Qiongqi

Translator: CKtalon

“Sure.” The Thearch’s message delighted Zhou Wen.

“What do you want? I’ll exchange it with you,” Zhou Wen hurriedly said.

“Didn’t you want to see me? Then come. If you come to see me, I’ll give you a drop of blood essence. I don’t want anything else,” The Thearch replied.

Zhou Wen was immediately depressed. He had only said it in passing. He really didn’t dare go to Chess Mountain to see The Thearch.

“I really can’t come back now. Do you want to exchange for something else? There are many new and interesting things here. Shall I send some to you? Otherwise, I’ll buy any experimental equipment or apparatus you want,” Zhou Wen said.

“I don’t want anything. If you come, there will be blood essence. If you don’t, nothing.” The Thearch’s reply left Zhou Wen somewhat helpless.

“Let’s talk when I get back. I can’t fly back now.” Zhou Wen replied before switching off his phone.

Typically, when Guardians are in the cocoon, their bodies will be flowing with blood essence. When they come out of the cocoon, the blood essence will have already fused into their bodies. It won’t be that easy to obtain more blood essence. Perhaps The Thearch’s blood essence isn’t useful. After some thought, Zhou Wen felt that it was best not to head to Chess Mountain.

Since it’s the Demon God Catalog, the nine black dragons are demon dragons. The Guardian they are guarding might be compatible with the Demon God Catalog. Zhou Wen launched the game and ran to the underground sea to obtain a drop of the Guardian’s blood. However, it was useless. The Demon God Catalog didn’t absorb it.

He went to Ant City to give it a try, but the outcome was the same. The blood essence of the two Guardians was useless for the Demon God Catalog. However, this also meant that the Demon God Catalog wasn’t an Essence Energy stat.

This path doesn’t seem to work. Zhou Wen had to think of other solutions to see if he could find other Guardians that hadn’t broken out of their cocoons.

Ding!

This was because most of his Life Soul and Essence Energy Art had reached a bottleneck. Zhou Wen could only game and grind dungeons on the way. This time, he had cleared all the Vermilion Bird’s Seven Mansions while grinding in the Endless Sea of Stars.

The seven Essence Energy Skills were the same as the Seven Mansions of the East. They combined into one Essence Energy Skill. When used, a Vermillion Bird’s shadow surrounded him. Just like the Seven Mansions of the East, they were all Essence Energy barrier-type skills. The level of the Essence Energy Skill didn’t increase.

Could it be that I really have to gather all the 28 Lunar Mansion skills to reveal their true might? Zhou Wen had no choice but to continue grinding.

The Northern Black Tortoise’s Seven Mansions and the Western White Tiger’s Seven Mansions each lacked a skill. They were especially difficult to grind. Zhou Wen had no idea how many times he had tried only to fail.

Zhou Wen deliberately grinded a few more times. In a stroke of luck, he managed to gather all the seven Essence Energy Skills of the Western White Tiger’s Seven Mansions.

The Essence Energy Skill that combined the seven skills was the same as Azure Dragon and Vermillion Bird. They were all protective Essence Energy Skills but its level didn’t increase.

Zhou Wen went all out as he farmed the Endless Sea of Stars again and again. He had to grind out the last skill to see what would happen after he gathered all the 28 Lunar Mansion skills.

However, Zhou Wen grinded for nearly ten days and dripped his blood to revive countless times but the last Mansion’s skill never appeared.

Thankfully, during this period, Zhou Wen obtained another Demon Blood True Dragon Companion Egg. Its stats were almost identical to the first two, but this one was a Qian Dragon.

Zhou Wen already had Qian, Kun, and Zhen of the nine Demon Blood True Dragons, but the three black dragons failed to fuse. No matter how he matched them, it would indicate that they lacked a main body.

What’s this main body? Could it be that the Demon Blood True Dragon with the Wu dragon pearl is the main body of the nine black dragons? Zhou Wen guessed.

However, if he couldn’t obtain a Wu True Dragon Companion Egg, his guessing was pointless.

Every time Zhou Wen respawned, he would grind the baby tiger, but after grinding for so long, no Companion Egg dropped. It was the same for some Mythical creatures. It was very difficult for the Companion Eggs to drop.

Even if Qiongqi is like Torch Dragon, a Companion Beast with only one attribute, Qiongqi should have produced one after farming it so many times, right? Or could it be that my way of grinding for it is wrong? Just like Medusa, Qiongqi needs a special method to have a Companion Egg drop?

After some thought, Zhou Wen thought of a possibility. Don’t tell me it only drops a Companion Egg when someone with a ferocious Life Providence kills Qiongqi?

With this possibility in mind, Zhou Wen planned on giving it a try.

The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s Life Providence was extremely ferocious, but it was still at the Epic stage. It was definitely unrealistic for it to kill Qiongqi.

Thankfully, Zhou Wen had enough Mythical Companion Beasts. He summoned the Mythical pet team and had them charge into the Qiongqi temple. They ganked Qiongqi and beat it to a pulp.

The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General then charged over and stabbed again and again. After striking for more than half an hour, it managed to kill Qiongqi.

Ding!

‘Killed Mythical creature, Qiongqi. Discovered Companion Egg.’

This really works? Zhou Wen’s mouth gaped open for a long time.

It was just a flash of brilliance that he gave a try. Who knew that it would really work?

If I had known this would happen, I would have had Qiongqi dropped a long time ago. Why would I have to wait so long? Zhou Wen could only sigh. Sometimes, brute force was really unacceptable. Intelligence was most important. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Qiongqi: Mythical (Evolvable)

Life Providence: Punishing Kindness and Raising Evil

Life Soul: Companion with Evil

Wheel of Destiny: Ferocious and Evil

Strength: 81

Speed: 81

Constitution: 81

Essence Energy: 81

Talent Skill: Evil Deeds Like Wind, Evil Deeds Everywhere, Devouring Whole, Badlands.

Companion Form: Mount

A top Mythical mount! Zhou Wen was first delighted, but when he carefully looked at Qiongqi’s skills and various abilities, his face darkened.

This thing was something that bullied the weak and feared the strong. When encountering evil people, due to the effect of the Companion with Evil Life Soul, not only would its stats decrease, even its skills would weaken.

However, when it came to fighting good people, it was ferocious. When it did good deeds, its stats would drop drastically. When it did evil deeds, its various stats would increase greatly. It was a wonder.

The skill that Zhou Wen couldn’t tolerate the most was Badlands. This skill was a passive skill that didn’t have any lethality. Its only use was that wherever it was, it would make the local area terrible, making people poor and evil. As its owner, he would naturally be the first to bear the brunt. Sooner or later, he would be poor, ferocious, and starving. He wouldn’t even have food to eat.

If I had known this would happen, why would I have spent time grinding for it? Zhou Wen was at a loss whether to laugh or cry as he looked at Qiongqi’s Companion Egg. It was too sinister for incubation.

But if he didn’t incubate it, he would be missing a top-notch mount Companion Beast. In terms of combat strength, it was top-notch. It would be a pity to throw it away.

Zhou Wen looked at the Companion Egg with an expression that kept changing. He was in a dilemma.