Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 862: Fortune Devouring

Zhou Wen wore the Invisibility Cloak. Although he wasn’t completely invisible, he was still visually invisible. The toad-like mountain god stared straight at Zhou Wen, clearly able to see him.

The mountain god looked at Zhou Wen and opened his mouth to let out a strange cry.

Zhou Wen was alarmed as he quickly retreated. At the same time, he drew the Golden Overlord Sword to prevent any possible attacks.

Zhou Wen didn’t discover any terrifying forces rushing out of the Mountain God Temple, but his pocket twitched before everything turned still again.

What happened? Zhou Wen was somewhat confused. He knew that something must have happened as he reached into his pocket and his expression immediately turned odd.

His pocket was as good as before, but the change he had inside was gone. There were only a few hundred bucks in total. Zhou Wen had kept it on him as a backup if he needed to get a ride or for daily necessities.

Now, not a single cent remained. It had vanished into thin air.

Is it that mountain god’s doing? But how did it do it? As Zhou Wen was alarmed, the mountain god cried at him again.

Zhou Wen hurriedly flew to dodge. He didn’t know what the mountain god’s strength was, so he could only try his best to distance himself from it to prevent any more losses.

Unfortunately, Zhou Wen was still too late. With the mountain god’s strange cry, Zhou Wen felt his wrist lighten as the bracelet he had been wearing vanished.

Not good! Zhou Wen was alarmed. The bracelet wasn’t worth much to begin with. It was fine if he lost it, but it was embedded with Chaos Bead. There were many things inside the Chaos Bead that couldn’t be lost.

Zhou Wen immediately summoned Tyrant Behemoth and made it gigantic. He threw a huge fist at the Mountain God Temple on top of the hill, hoping to smash it to pieces.

Boom!

The toad-like Mountain God Temple rushed out. Its body rapidly expanded to the point of being comparable to Tyrant Behemoth. Its head collided with Tyrant Behemoth’s fist.

It was unknown what its head was made of, but it was extremely hard. Tyrant Behemoth’s fist seemed to strike steel. It failed to injure the mountain god.

Only then did Zhou Wen see that although the fellow was ugly, it wasn’t a toad. Its body was like a lion, its feet were like a Qilin, and its head was like a dragon. The spots on its body weren’t spots, but copper coin-shaped scales.

The copper coin-shaped scales covered its body. When its body shrank, it looked like a lump on a toad’s body. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Could this thing be the legendary Pixiu? Zhou Wen looked at it and connected it to its previous abilities. He immediately thought of a legendary mythical beast.

Legend had it that the mythical beast, Pixiu, was also known as Tianlu, Evil Warding, and Hundred Cures. It was an auspicious beast that could exorcise evil and ward off calamity. It ate the wealth from everywhere, and it only ate without excreting. It could attract wealth and treasures, only allowing entry and not exit.

Anyone who wanted to get rich would have a divine beast like a Pixiu in their home or shop.

The more Zhou Wen looked at this fellow, the more it resembled the legendary Pixiu. It wasn’t at a disadvantage when fighting Tyrant Behemoth when it came to Strength, Speed, or Constitution.

It bit down and bit off a piece of a hill beside it. Its combat strength was extremely terrifying.

It’s definitely the one who gnawed off the mountain path. Zhou Wen ordered the Golden Overlord Sword to slash at Pixiu, hoping to help Tyrant Behemoth kill it and see if he could get the Chaos Bead from its stomach.

Seeing the Golden Overlord Sword fly over, Pixiu opened its mouth and let out a strange cry. It sucked the Golden Overlord Sword into its stomach.

Holy sh*t, this fellow’s ability is a little sick. It can even devour a Mythical weapon? Zhou Wen was dumbfounded. He didn’t attack blindly and instead distanced himself from it. He observed its battle with Tyrant Behemoth from afar, hoping to find its weakness before attacking.

Tyrant Behemoth couldn’t gain the upper hand. It roared and used Absolute Strength. Its powerful strength immediately suppressed Pixiu as it punched at it, sending it rolling around the mountain.

However, Pixiu had thick skin and flesh. It was only slightly injured, so Tyrant Behemoth couldn’t kill it anytime soon.

This infuriated Pixiu. It opened its mouth and, like a monster that was devouring the world, let out a strange cry that sounded like a bull.

Zhou Wen, who had retreated far away, felt his body tremble. Some of his valuable items had vanished. Even the accessories he had bought for Ya’er had vanished.

What was even more exaggerated was that the ground beneath cracked open, revealing a gold mine. Large amounts of gold ore surged into the Pixiu’s mouth, causing its body to glow with golden light as though it was made of gold.

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Perhaps because it had devoured a large amount of gold ore, Pixiu was actually on a par with Tyrant Behemoth, who had activated Absolute Strength. Even if it was inferior, it was difficult for Tyrant Behemoth to severely injure it.

Not long after, the golden light on Pixiu’s body dimmed significantly, perhaps a result of expending all the energy from devouring the gold mine. This was when it suddenly rushed out.

Tyrant Behemoth chased after it relentlessly. After crossing several mountains, Pixiu roared again. The ground split open, revealing a silver mine beneath.

A large amount of silver ore flew into Pixiu’s mouth, causing its body to emit a silver glow. Its combat strength increased once again as it fought Tyrant Behemoth.

Thankfully, Tyrant Behemoth had never been afraid of anyone in a melee battle. It fought Pixiu crazily, causing the surrounding mountains to collapse. Large craters appeared on the ground as large swaths of the forest were destroyed.

Before long, the silver light on Pixiu’s body dimmed again. It fled towards the mountainous area again. Soon, it found another copper mine and devoured it to fight Tyrant Behemoth.

After a long struggle, the light on Pixiu’s body slowly dimmed. Tyrant Behemoth’s Absolute Strength time was up as well. The two ferocious beasts had passed their peak, but they were still battling each other in exhaustion. They looked extremely ferocious.

This fellow has the ability to devour wealth and sense wealth. As long as I have something related to wealth on me, I’ll be sensed if I approach it. If I want to kill it, I can only lightly equip myself. With a thought, Zhou Wen first sent Ya’er to a safe place before placing all the items that were worth something beside her. Then, he put on the Invisibility Cloak and used its Invisibility ability to secretly approach Pixiu.

Zhou Wen didn’t use the Light Concealment Sword. Such a sword might be considered a treasure. If Pixiu were to discover it and devour it, it wouldn’t be worth it.

He approached Pixiu from behind, but this time, it didn’t discover him. Zhou Wen didn’t use a weapon and only summoned Doctor Darkness to get him to fuse his soul with him.