Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 871: Art on the Door

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen only glanced at the stone sword before his gaze went past it and landed on the hall behind it.

With the stone sword used as the dividing line, there were only some murals and sculptures in the hall ahead. And in the hall behind the stone sword, there were rows of bamboo slips.

Bamboo slips were tools used in ancient times for records. Back then, before paper was invented, people would engrave words on pieces of bamboo. Then, they would string the bamboo together for easy storage and reading.

Looking in from the outside door, there were rows of shelves in the hall behind. All sorts of bamboo slips were placed on them. The number was shocking. Even the Federation’s library might not have such a large scale.

This wasn’t the main point of Zhou Wen’s observation. The main point was that the bamboo slips seemed to emit a strange power. It was thanks to the power emitted by the bamboo slips that the stone sword could emit such terrifying might, allowing it to withstand the Yin Yang Mirror.

How strange. That stone sword can actually use the power of the bamboo slips. This is unheard of. Zhou Wen was somewhat puzzled.

Books and swords were originally two incompatible things, but now, the sword had borrowed the aura of books. It was very strange.

Liu Yun gave Zhou Wen the nod before looking at Jing Daoxian, who was struggling against the stone sword in the hall. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Zhou Wen immediately understood Liu Yun’s intentions. He wanted to kick him while he was down. Now, Jing Daoxian was using all his strength to resist the stone sword. This was the best opportunity to kill him.

Zhou Wen was somewhat tempted. If he could kill Jing Daoxian here, he wouldn’t have to be on guard against Jing Daoxian in the future. He was afraid that he would follow in the footsteps of Lord Alcohol and Xia Jiuhuang.

Just as he was considering taking a gamble, the Yin Yang Ancient Mirror in Jing Daoxian’s hand suddenly spun. The divine light on the mirror turned from white to black as it spewed at the stone sword.

With a sword hum, the stone sword unsheathed and transformed into a peerless sword beam that slashed at Jing Daoxian.

The Yin Yang Ancient Mirror’s mirror beam was completely unable to withstand the stone sword as it was cleaved apart. The stone sword was about to strike the Yin Yang Ancient Mirror.

Zhou Wen and Liu Yun were delighted. If the Yin Yang Ancient Mirror could be destroyed, their imprisoned souls would naturally be able to escape.

Clang!

At the instant the stone sword was about to slash at the ancient mirror, Jing Daoxian suddenly retracted in his hand. Another item that looked like a jade seal smashed into the stone sword.

The stone sword landed on the ground with a clang and was suppressed by the jade seal. It struggled to flip the jade seal but was close to doing so.

Jing Daoxian ignored the jade seal and stone sword as he quickly rushed into the hall behind and vanished in a flash.

Almost at the instant he rushed into the hall where the bamboo slips were piled up, the jade seal was sliced into two by the sword beam on the stone sword and shattered.

The stone sword circled in the air, but it didn’t chase towards the back of the hall. It only returned to the scabbard.

“Damn it. We should have done it earlier,” Liu Yun said regretfully.

However, Zhou Wen shook his head and said, “It would have been useless. Jing Daoxian only risked his life because he sensed our killing intent towards him. It wouldn’t have mattered if we attack earlier or later.”

“What do we do now? With that stone sword guarding the hall, I’m afraid we won’t have the chance to rush in like Jing Daoxian,” said Liu Yun.

“Since we can’t enter, we can only wait.” Zhou Wen left the door and looked at the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General who was fighting the twelve Gold Men.

The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General became braver the more he fought. Although he was still at a disadvantage, he was already able to stand firm under the siege of the twelve Gold Men. It wasn’t as pathetic as before.

Looking at the purple flames that were burning like a furnace in his body, as well as the armor that was burning like an amethyst, Zhou Wen couldn’t help but have a thought.

The Ancient Sovereign Sutra is a battle-type Essence Energy Art. The Defy Ancient Sovereign Life Soul is also the type that grows stronger the more one fights. It’s somewhat similar to the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General. Can I use the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s model to advance the Defy Ancient Sovereign Life Soul?

Zhou Wen thought to himself.

Although the Defy Ancient Sovereign Life Soul doesn’t have the ability to condense killing aura into flames, it comes with a powerful life essence. If I can use the Defy Ancient Sovereign’s life essence to burn myself... Zhou Wen considered this possibility.

However, now wasn’t the time to study this. He took out his phone and opened the downloaded Founding Emperor Tomb dungeon before entering.

There was no entrance to the Founding Emperor Tomb dungeon, but Zhou Wen already knew the way in. He summoned the Earth Elemental Beast in-game and quickly arrived at the pillar in the Mercury Sea.

He easily passed through the Mercury Sea and arrived outside the city. However, he didn’t have the Emperor Qin Sword in-game. All Zhou Wen could do was attempt to use the Earth Elemental Beast to enter the city.

Unfortunately, the mysterious city seemed to be protected by some mysterious force, preventing the Earth Elemental Beast from entering.

From the looks of it, I can only try using force. Zhou Wen ordered the blood-colored avatar to strike the door, but it was useless. No matter how powerful the attack was, it couldn’t budge the door at all.

Could it be that I really can’t enter without the Emperor Qin Sword? Zhou Wen used Truth Listener to carefully observe the door and the structure of the keyhole, hoping to use the power of a miniature Companion Beast to open it.

Unfortunately, there was no special structure inside the keyhole. It was like a scabbard that was only compatible with the Emperor Qin Sword.

Just as Zhou Wen was feeling disappointed, he suddenly realized that there were words on the door.

Strange, why didn’t I see these words before? Puzzled, Zhou Wen looked at the ancient city’s door in real life. He didn’t see any words on the door.

He clearly remembered that those words didn’t exist on the door when the blood-colored avatar first arrived in-game.

Zhou Wen looked at the words on the door in-game. They were ancient words from the East District. Zhou Wen had learned some when studying the Dao Sutra, so he recognized the words on the door.

This is an Essence Energy Art? After carefully reading the words on the door, Zhou Wen was somewhat surprised.

He never expected that there would be an Essence Energy Art on the entrance of the Founding Emperor Tomb. However, this Essence Energy Art came out of nowhere. Zhou Wen didn’t know what Essence Energy Art it was.

While Zhou Wen was reading the Essence Energy Art on his phone, Liu Yun looked into the hall and then at the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General who was fighting the twelve Gold Men. He was extremely anxious. When he turned his head, he saw Zhou Wen sitting there playing with his phone. He couldn’t help but say, “Junior Brother, you’re still in the mood to play with your phone at such a time? We have to quickly think of a way to enter and see what Jing Daoxian is doing.”

“With that stone sword around, I don’t have the ability to enter. If you have a solution, feel free to give it a try.” After Zhou Wen finished reading the Essence Energy Art on the door, the Lost Immortal Sutra played its role again, simulating the Essence Energy Art.