Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 874: Wind and Fire

Translator: CKtalon

“Why is there thunder underground?” Liu Yun frowned slightly before his expression gradually turned ugly. “No, it’s not thunder. It’s wind...”

Thunder and lightning was a very terrifying power. In contrast, most people might not understand how terrifying the wind was, but to Liu Yun, who often traveled the world, he knew that sometimes, wind was much more terrifying than thunder and lightning.

Zhou Wen had long sensed the turbulent airflow. He was even more sensitive to wind than Liu Yun, so he naturally knew how terrifying the impending storm would be.

Truth Listener’s ability had already been pushed to its limits, but other than this mountain peak, the surroundings were extremely empty. There was nothing, not even a place to hide.

“Go to the back of the mountain.” As Zhou Wen spoke, he flew down. The airflow became more and more turbulent. He couldn’t estimate how terrifying the storm would be when it touched down. All he could do was make some preparations.

Liu Yun also went down. He took many grappling hooks and threw them into the cracks in the mountain wall. Using the criss-crossing rope locks, he fixed his body to the side of the mountain.

On the mountaintop, the stone sword was still fighting the elder. The battle between two Terror-grade experts caused space to crack. It was not a battle that ordinary people could interfere with.

Boom!

The terrifying storm roared and broke through the sound barrier. The continuous sonic booms were like a thunderstorm.

A hurricane blew past. On the back of the mountain, not facing the storm, Zhou Wen’s and Liu Yun’s clothes were fluttering in the wind. They struggled to grab the mountain rocks and were almost blown away.

The ropes on Liu Yun’s body lodged into his flesh, preventing him from being blown away by the wind.

Zhou Wen had already summoned Tyrant Behemoth. After it gigantified, it hugged the mountain peak and protected him and Ya’er inside, blocking the terrifying storm.

The wind was even more terrifying than a blade. The Epic armor that Liu Yun was wearing had been sliced open by the wind. Blood gushed out.

“Come on out, Little Orange.” Liu Yun roared in the wind as an orange cat appeared on him. It opened its mouth and sucked in the wind that blew on Liu Yun. The orange cat’s stomach expanded and became like a balloon.

Just as Zhou Wen was worried that the orange cat would explode, the orange cat spat out the air it had sucked into its stomach to resist the airflow.

The terrifying wind was mostly blocked by the mountain peak. They were only suffering the remnant winds.

When Zhou Wen and Liu Yun thought that they had finally survived the brunt of the wind, they realized that they had been too naive.

This was because they quickly realized that the wind that blew past had formed a flow that circled around the mountain peak.

The extremely violent airflow formed a vortex in the underground space. As the airflow constantly blew in, the wind vortex became stronger.

The orange cat on Liu Yun’s body could no longer swallow the wind. His body was swaying crazily from the wind as ropes snapped one after another. His armor had already shattered and he was about to be killed by the terrifying wind.

Starlight flashed in Liu Yun’s eyes as his figure transformed into a stream of light that flashed and appeared beneath Behemoth.

At that moment, Behemoth hugged the mountain and resisted the terrifying vortex. Even its fur was sliced open by the airflow.

“What the hell? What wind is this? How can it be so terrifying?” Liu Yun hid beneath Behemoth and finally heaved a sigh of relief. He couldn’t help but grumble.

I’m just afraid that the truly terrifying wind hasn’t arrived. Zhou Wen wore a look of worry.

The hurricane in the underground space strengthened as though it would never stop. If the wind speed continued to increase, even Tyrant Behemoth might not be able to withstand it.

The elder and the stone sword were still fighting on the mountaintop. The stone sword seemed to have an irreconcilable grudge with the elder as it held him back, preventing him from escaping.

The mountain peak was the eye of the storm, but at the top of the mountain, the wind speed wasn’t that strong. The elder and the stone sword fought in the center of the vortex, and the battle remained intense.

The pill furnace suffered countless attacks from the man and sword, but it remained intact. However, when the wind vortex rushed into the pill furnace’s ventilation hole, the wind aided the fire, causing the flames inside to burn even more vigorously. Blazing white flames spewed out from the ventilation hole at the top of the pill furnace.

Then, Zhou Wen and Liu Yun saw a powerful wind constantly blow into the pill furnace, causing the flames inside to spew out before being sucked into the vortex.

The flame was like a fire dragon as it rapidly spread in the vortex. It was about to turn the vortex into a fiery vortex.

If it was just the wind, Behemoth could still last for a period of time. However, with the combination of wind and fire, the might was like an annihilative force. Behemoth probably couldn’t withstand such terrifying strength.

“To the top of the mountain.” Zhou Wen put away Tyrant Behemoth and carried Ya’er as he rushed to the top of the mountain.

Now that the vortex of wind and fire had formed, the mountaintop had become the eye of the storm. There was no wind or fire there, forming a vacuum.

All the wind that reached the top of the mountain blew into the pill furnace and spewed out from the top. It formed a tiny safe zone beside the pill furnace. Only there could one avoid the pain of the wind and fire.

However, the mountaintop was already surrounded by flames. If he wanted to rush in, he had to pass through the hundred-meter thick vortex of flames.

Zhou Wen wore the Demon Blood True Dragon Armor and could still withstand it, but Ya’er, who was in his arms, didn’t have the protection of the divine armor. She probably couldn’t withstand the heat of the flames.

Without any other choice, Zhou Wen switched to Civilization Country and used its teleportation ability to teleport to the mountaintop.

Without Behemoth’s protection, Liu Yun could only follow Zhou Wen to the top of the mountain. He summoned new armor, and the Essence Devouring Beast fused with his arm. Instantly, he transformed into a shooting star and charged through the vortex of fire. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Liu Yun’s entire body was charred black. Many parts of his armor had melted, and his hair had been burned away. There were blisters on his body, making him look extremely disheveled.

Just as he entered the top of the mountain, he was nearly slashed by a sword beam. Thankfully, he reacted quickly. He rolled to a spot near the pill furnace.

Zhou Wen also hid beside the pill furnace. The stone sword and elder were still fighting, ignoring the terrifying wind and fire vortex around them.

Soon, the flames in the pill furnace spread to the entire space. Terrifying tornadoes of wind and fire spun around the mountain. The stronger the wind, the stronger the flames in the pill furnace. The stronger the flames, the more terrifying it made the fiery tornadoes.

However, it was strange. The flames were extremely terrifying. When the rocks touched the flames, they instantly melted. However, the pill furnace and mountain didn’t show any signs of melting.

The mountain still felt a little hot, but the pill furnace remained the same. No matter how hot the flames in it were, the furnace was only warm to the touch.