Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 896: Essence Energy Pill

Translator: CKtalon

After Zhou Wen returned, he carefully studied the Primordial Human Sovereign’s powers and realized that it was indeed very powerful. It was expected of a Life Soul condensed from an Essence Energy Art with the Strength attribute.

After the Perfect Body’s Perfect Body Human Sovereign fused with Zhou Wen, the strength it could produce was almost comparable to a weaker Mythical creature.

What was ridiculous was that this power came from the explosion of powerful vital essence. In other words, after the power of the Primordial Human Sovereign produced destructive power, the power of the burning vital essence would also heal the destroyed lifeforms.

Therefore, after Zhou Wen injured someone, he would automatically treat their injuries. Apart from causing them some pain, it was basically useless.

What the hell is this? It wasn’t easy for me to have a powerful destructive Essence Energy Art and Life Soul, but this is what I get!? Zhou Wen didn’t know if he should be happy or worried.

He never expected that the Essence Energy Art that represented Strength would form a Life Soul ability that healed. What was even worse was that this healing ability was useless for him.

From the looks of it, I can only place my hopes on another Strength-attribute Essence Energy Art. Zhou Wen could only hope that another Strength-attribute Essence Energy Art could bring him pure destructive power.

Regardless, the Ancient Sovereign Life Soul had finally advanced to a Perfect Body. He was one step closer to advancing to the Mythical stage.

Now, I still need to cultivate Glimmer, Civilized Country, the Demon God Catalog, and that unknown Essence Energy Art. Zhou Wen thought to himself as to which Essence Energy Art he should focus on.

Glimmer needs me to walk out to advance. Civilized Country requires teleportation. These two aren’t things that can’t be cultivated just because I want to. As the Demon God Catalog doesn’t have the corresponding Guardian’s blood, it can’t condense a Life Soul. I can’t cultivate it now either. Now, I can only cultivate that unknown Essence Energy Art.

After Zhou Wen thought it through, he began studying the Essence Energy Art.

The Essence Energy Art was learned from the entrance of the Founding Emperor Tomb. Now, Zhou Wen didn’t know what its stats were. If it was Strength, it would correspond to the Ancient Sovereign Sutra. Then, all the Essence Energy Arts would be considered complete.

However, he couldn’t be certain yet. All he could do was cultivate it first. Once he condensed a Life Providence, he would probably be able to make a judgment.

This Essence Energy Art was very strange. It solely extracted and compressed Essence Energy. Every circulation would purify some of the Essence Energy and increase its concentration. Apart from that, it was useless.

Could it be that as long as this Essence Energy Art purifies the Essence Energy to a certain extent, it can automatically evolve a Life Providence? Zhou Wen studied it and felt that it seemed to be the only possibility. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Therefore, Zhou Wen obtained some high-level Essence Energy Crystals in-game. As he absorbed them, he practiced his Essence Energy Art.

This method actually worked. With the help of a large number of high-level Essence Energy Crystals, it was very easy to cultivate the Essence Energy Art. The Essence Energy in Zhou Wen’s body also became purer.

This thing seems to be specially used for Qi Refinement. Could it be an Essence Energy Art with an Essence Energy attribute? If that’s the case, I can only find another Essence Energy Art that corresponds to Strength or Constitution. The more Zhou Wen looked at the Essence Energy Art, the more it resembled an Essence Energy attribute.

In just a few days, the nameless Essence Energy Art automatically produced a Life Providence.

Life Providence: Qi Refinement Cultivator

After the Life Providence appeared, Zhou Wen’s Essence Energy recovery and Essence Energy purity were greatly augmented. This chilled Zhou Wen’s heart.

From the looks of it, this Essence Energy Art is most likely of the Essence Energy attribute. Zhou Wen thought for a moment. Since he had already condensed a Life Providence, he might as well condense a Life Soul to see if it was of any use.

The Guardian’s blood that corresponded to Essence Energy wasn’t difficult to obtain. Zhou Wen went to Ant City and obtained a drop of it.

What surprised Zhou Wen was that the Essence Energy Art that Zhou Wen called Qi Refinement Art didn’t absorb the blood essence of the Ant City Guardian.

It’s not an Essence Energy attribute? Zhou Wen was slightly taken aback as hope rose in his heart.

Zhou Wen went to the underground sea again and obtained a drop of the Guardian’s blood essence. He attempted to use the Qi Refinement Art to absorb it.

With the Qi Refinement Art activated, the drop of blood was sucked in. Zhou Wen immediately felt his Essence Energy begin to condense towards the drop of blood. His essence, vitality, and spirit also stirred as he vaguely showed signs of condensing a Life Soul.

The Guardian of the underground sea seems to have a spatial attribute. Then what’s his corresponding basic attribute? Will it be Strength? Zhou Wen was somewhat nervous.

This was because he had already confirmed that the Qi Refinement Art wasn’t of the Essence Energy attribute. As for the Guardian of the underground sea, its attributes had nothing to do with Speed. Zhou Wen had already confirmed that the most likely possibility was Strength or Constitution.

The Demon God Catalog couldn’t condense a Life Soul with the blood of the underground sea Guardian. Furthermore, it was very likely to have a Constitution attribute, so the Qi Refinement Art was likely of the Strength attribute.

As his essence, vitality, and spirit condensed, the Essence Energy in Zhou Wen’s body that had been purified and refined by the Qi Refinement Art quickly gathered together, gradually forming a core that was purely formed from Essence Energy.

It was still constantly purifying. The Essence Energy in the pill became more and more condensed, turning from gaseous to liquid before turning from liquid to solid.

The form of this Life Soul looks a little similar to the Primordial Life Soul of the Dao Art. Is it really not of the Essence Energy attribute? Zhou Wen was rather suspicious.

However, the two were still somewhat different. The Life Soul of the Dao Sutra was born in the Sea of Consciousness, while the Life Soul of the Qi Refinement Art was born in the Essence Energy Sea. The two were different.

Finally, when the pill was crystalline and almost without any impurities, the Life Soul condensed.

Zhou Wen had already sensed some of its information, but he habitually checked its information with his phone.

Life Soul: Essence Energy Pill (Primordial Body)

Is this something like a pill? Zhou Wen could sense the terrifying Essence Energy in the Essence Energy Pill, but such Essence Energy seemed a little too domineering. It was different from things like the Rejuvenation Pill.

Zhou Wen extended his hand and beckoned. The resplendent diamond-like Essence Energy Pill appeared on his fingertip. With a thought, he controlled the Essence Energy Pill to fly into the air. It was very fast, but he didn’t discover any special abilities.

Could it be that I’m to use this Essence Energy Pill to smash others? Zhou Wen randomly entered a dungeon and came to the Metalwork Temple. When he saw a Metal Golem with a hammer approaching, he ordered the Essence Energy Pill to rush over.

The Essence Energy Pill transformed into a stream of light that penetrated the Metal Golem’s head. The Metal Golem immediately died as the system produced a notice of its death.

This thing is really used for smashing others! Zhou Wen was greatly surprised as he found some Epic dimensional creatures to test with his Essence Energy Pill.

The Essence Energy Pill easily penetrated the bodies of Epic creatures. Even the Runic Heavy-Armored Warrior’s Runic Heavy Armor failed to block it. The shimmering heavy armor was forcefully penetrated and he was stabbed in the chest.