Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 898: Purple Bronze Ball

Translator: CKtalon

“It’s not convenient for us to appear, right?” Xu Ai frowned.

“Our family has already found someone to step in. However, we still need you to personally deal with that break-out creature. No one else can do it,” the female guard said.

“There’s no progress here. It’s not appropriate for me to stay in the An family for too long. I don’t want them to notice anything. It’s good to go out for a walk,” Xu Ai said after some thought.

...

Zhou Wen took Ya’er to Chess Mountain. He didn’t head to the encampment but took a detour to somewhere around Chess Mountain and found a hidden spot.

I wonder if this thing can lure that alchemist over. Zhou Wen took out the pill furnaces and pills, opened the lid, and placed them on the ground.

Then, he took out the purple bronze ball and injected Essence Energy into it.

After the purple bronze ball absorbed the Essence Energy, it began to light up. Soon, it was like a red-hot metal ball.

The copper ball itself seemed to be fire-elemental. As long as Essence Energy was injected into it, the copper ball would produce heat, but that was all. It didn’t have any special use.

Zhou Wen had already experimented many times in the past. Now that he thought about it, it was very likely that the alchemist was able to find him because of the copper ball. It was as though the alchemist had come knocking on his door not long after he had taken it out to experiment.

Sitting on the ground, Zhou Wen constantly injected Essence Energy into the copper ball to maintain its burning state.

Essence Energy was nothing to Zhou Wen. It was nearly inexhaustible in his Slaughterer state.

Although he didn’t know if the alchemist would be attracted or when he would arrive, Zhou Wen was still prepared to escape at any time.

Earth Elemental Beast and Truth Listener were already on standby. Zhou Wen sent Explosive Fiend Man out and set up a large number of time bombs nearby.

In some hidden places, Zhou Wen even set up many Gu Companion Beasts.

He had farmed quite a number of Gu in the Valley of No Return, so it came in handy. He even threw many Ancient Tadpoles into the riverbed of Chess Mountain.

He didn’t need to kill the alchemist. All he needed to do was stall him or discover him in advance.

Eh, what’s this? Zhou Wen suddenly realized that something strange had happened to the purple bronze ball.

Due to the prolonged infusion of Essence Energy to keep it burning, the entire purple bronze ball had turned golden. And in the golden color, there was a hint of purple flowing.

The purple color was like smoke and also light as it constantly flowed in the purple bronze ball. Furthermore, its flow was very regular.

Zhou Wen looked at it for a while and increasingly felt that the purple color was very strange. It seemed to have a life of its own. Wherever it flowed, the Essence Energy would vanish, causing the originally golden copper ball to cool down significantly.

Zhou Wen attempted to inject more Essence Energy, but the outcome was the same. No matter how much Essence Energy Zhou Wen injected, the purple swath would absorb most of it, allowing the purple bronze ball to maintain a temperature that wasn’t too high or too low.

Could it be that the purple color is also a dimensional creature? Or could it be that this purple bronze ball is a dimensional creature? Zhou Wen wasn’t sure. After observing for a while, he saw that the purple color was only swimming in the purple bronze ball. Furthermore, it was extremely regular. It didn’t seem like it would rush out.

What’s the use of the purple bronze ball? Is it part of the Sun True Flames Furnace? Zhou Wen was puzzled. He wanted to ask Liu Yun, but unfortunately, he didn’t know where Liu Yun was.

Liu Yun said that there were two purple bronze balls. If I can find him, I might be able to figure out what use this thing has. Zhou Wen observed for a while and seeing no special reaction, he stopped paying attention.

He had more or less set up his traps. Zhou Wen got Truth Listener to pay close attention to his surroundings. The Earth Elemental Beast was beneath him, allowing him to escape at any time.

Holding his phone, he continued grinding.

Ya’er held the phone Zhou Wen had bought for her and was learning human language and words.

“Ah... Oh... Uh... Y... Uh... Fish...” Ya’er studied diligently with the phone software. She wasn’t impatient.

Nothing happened for two days. Just as Zhou Wen thought that the purple bronze ball and pill furnace were useless, he suddenly felt his heart palpitate as he felt that something was amiss.

Without any hesitation, Zhou Wen picked up Ya’er and charged into the sky.

Just as Zhou Wen leaped into the air, he saw the Earth Elemental Beast’s body bounce up from the ground as though it had been struck by lightning. Lightning crackled around its body as it emitted smoke.

Beneath the Earth Elemental Beast, the elderly alchemist tore out of the ground and stared coldly at Zhou Wen in midair. As though he had teleported, he grabbed at him.

Zhou Wen unsummoned the injured Earth Elemental Beast immediately and turned the Civilized Country ring on his finger before rushing towards Chess Mountain’s mountain wall.

Zhou Wen didn’t know what had taken effect, but he couldn’t be bothered to consider it. When he teleported out, he was already above the riverbed of Chess Mountain.

The elderly alchemist ignored the pill furnaces and pills on the ground. With a flash, he vanished into the ground as though he was in pursuit.

Zhou Wen thought to himself that no matter how powerful his Earth Escape was, it was impossible for him to directly come out of the water and fly towards Chess Mountain along the river.

To his surprise, the river below suddenly exploded with waves. The elderly alchemist’s figure condensed from the waves and grabbed at Zhou Wen again.

This fellow actually knows Water Escape... Could it be that he’s proficient in the Five-Elemental escape techniques? Zhou Wen hated encountering these fellows who were proficient in Dao techniques.

An Epic Elegant Emperor’s Avatar Puppet was already very difficult to deal with, but the elderly alchemist was much harder to deal with than that.

Thankfully, the elderly alchemist wasn’t powerful enough to interrupt teleportation. Zhou Wen teleported six times in a row and arrived near Chess Mountain’s mountain wall. He could already clearly see the flower on the mountain wall. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“The Thearch, save me.” Zhou Wen felt that it was best to be honest in front of The Thearch. If she refused to appear, it wouldn’t be too late to rush into Deer Terrace Pavilion.

However, the flower on the mountain wall didn’t react. As for the alchemist behind him, he had already caught up. All Zhou Wen could do was teleport again.

This time, Zhou Wen had already arrived in front of the mountain wall when he teleported. However, the flower on the mountain wall remained motionless. Zhou Wen had no choice but to summon the Earth Elemental Beast. He planned on forcefully passing through the mountain wall and using Earth Escape to enter Deer Terrace Pavilion to lure the elderly alchemist to the Nine-Tailed Fox.

The elderly alchemist seemed to be somewhat afraid of Chess Mountain, but when he saw that nothing happened around him, he chased after Zhou Wen.

At that moment, the flower on the mountain wall suddenly raised its flower bud. A petal dropped and dissipated.

As the petal vanished, the elderly alchemist who was charging at Zhou Wen suddenly came to a halt. He was like a horse that was galloping at full speed only to be nailed to the spot. From motion to stillness, there was no buffer.

“Wish spell! Which race are you from? I’m Yin Talisman King of the Immortals. I didn’t mean to offend you,” said the elderly alchemist as he looked at the flower on the mountain wall in horror.

“Do you think you are worthy of calling yourself an Immortal? You are just a lowly rat.” The Thearch’s voice sounded from the flower.