Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 905: Won’t Do It a Third Time

Uesugi Nao stared intently at Zhou Wen as both new and old grudges surged in her heart. She extended her hand and beckoned for the Kusanagi-no-Tsurugi that had flown out to rush forward to fight Zhou Wen again.

Suddenly!

A strange bird-like cry sounded from afar. When Uesugi Nao heard the sound, she glared hatefully at Zhou Wen. White mist exploded from her body before she vanished.

“What Great Skyfiend? That’s all? She was sent running with one punch. She even said on the cube that she wanted to kill Tyrant Behemoth to avenge her humiliation. Is she sure she’s not trying to become a joke?”

“Tyrant Behemoth is still the best. Tyrant Behemoth’s owner is also powerful.”

“Does anyone know who that young man is? Is he from the six families?”

“No... He’s not from the six families...” At that moment, a middle-aged man held back his excitement and muttered to himself.

On his shoulder was a high-speed camera. He had already taken a video of Zhou Wen’s battle with Uesugi Nao.

He was a reporter. He had originally come to Turtle Island to try his luck and see if he could encounter the break-out creature that had recently wreaked havoc nearby. To his surprise, he happened to capture this battle.

As a news reporter, he was rather well-informed and happened to know Zhou Wen. After all, many people knew that Zhou Wen was Wang Mingyuan’s disciple. He only knew about Zhou Wen because of this matter.

He originally wanted to interview Zhou Wen, but after Uesugi Nao escaped, Zhou Wen quickly vanished.

The reporter had no choice but to rush back. After getting his colleagues to process the footage, he quickly wrote the news article and posted it along with the footage.

Ever since Great Skyfiend took first place on the rankings, its ranking had been unmoved, but not many people had seen her fight.

When this video was released, it quickly caused a huge commotion. It wasn’t just the average person. Even the six families wanted to study Great Skyfiend’s abilities. This video became precious information for studying Great Skyfiend.

The ordinary citizens didn’t care about Great Skyfiend. They only cared about two things.

Zhou Wen was Tyrant Behemoth’s master, and Great Skyfiend was sent flying by Zhou Wen’s Tyrant Behemoth punch.

“Tyrant Behemoth is really too powerful. Unfortunately, in the last ranking battle, Tyrant Behemoth didn’t have the chance to challenge Tai Sui. Otherwise, Tyrant Behemoth might have been first.”

“I thought Great Skyfiend was something impressive, but it turns out he’s nothing much. He couldn’t even defeat Tyrant Behemoth, who was ranked fourth. If he were to encounter the first Tai Sui, wouldn’t he have no chance of escaping?”

“Those fellows overseas always think that they are very strong. From the looks of it, they are really weak.”

“Tyrant Behemoth’s owner seems to be Zhou Wen. I remember that he’s Wang Mingyuan’s student.”

“Wang Mingyuan is Wang Mingyuan, and Zhou Wen is Zhou Wen. It’s completely different. I heard that Zhou Wen is from Luoyang’s An family.”

“I’m just afraid that he will be like Wang Mingyuan. When that happens, our Federation will be in an even more difficult situation.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

...

Uesugi Nao nearly vomited blood when she saw these reports.

If her female guard hadn’t used the emergency signal to make her retreat, she wouldn’t have retreated without a fight. In the end, it was unknown which b*stard had created the video as though she had fled after being sent flying with a punch. The editing was clearly biased towards Zhou Wen and it was deliberately edited to give such an illusion.

B*stard, don’t let me know who edited this video. I’ll skin him alive and pull out his bones. Uesugi Nao was furious.

She never expected Zhou Wen to be Tyrant Behemoth’s owner. That already left her depressed, but to be written in such a manner as though she was afraid of Zhou Wen and Tyrant Behemoth made her feel indignant.

“Miss, you shouldn’t have used Great Skyfiend at that time. Now that Great Skyfiend has been exposed ahead of time, we are at a disadvantage,” said the female guard.

“There’s nothing disadvantageous about it. Great Skyfiend has the strength to kill the break-out creature. This is a fact that can never be changed,” Uesugi Nao said.

The female guard said, “Although that’s the case, everyone knows that you and Great Skyfiend are here. I’m afraid that the An family will suspect that you are related to the death of the break-out creature...”

Uesugi Nao naturally knew that she shouldn’t have exposed Great Skyfiend. She said helplessly, “I didn’t want to either. I was forced to do so back then. If I didn’t use Great Skyfiend, I’m afraid I would have been heavily injured by Zhou Wen. I underestimated his strength. I never expected him to be Tyrant Behemoth’s master.”

The female guard pondered for a moment before saying, “Miss, you end up suffering every time you encounter Zhou Wen. Perhaps his Life Providence jinxes you. I think it’s best not to have too much contact with him in the future.”

Uesugi Nao said, “You’re thinking too much. I won’t be careless next time. I’ll use Great Skyfiend’s abilities with all my might. Even if he has Tyrant Behemoth, he’s not my match.”

The female guard still wanted to say something, but Uesugi Nao continued, “Besides, even if I avoid him, he’s here for the break-out creatures and the Fiend Dust. How can I avoid him?”

The female guard thought that it made sense, but she still exhorted Uesugi Nao. “Miss, I have a nagging feeling that this Zhou Wen is somewhat odd. He has a bad influence on you. If you encounter him again, you have to be careful.”

“Don’t worry. I definitely won’t make the same mistake a third time,” Uesugi Nao said through gritted teeth.

...

Zhou Wen originally wanted to see what abilities Great Skyfiend had, but Uesugi Nao had escaped. This left him somewhat disappointed.

Although Slaughterer had already advanced to a Perfect Body and didn’t need to kill Guardians, killing every Guardian made sense. From the perspective of humans and Earth, Guardians were undoubtedly invaders.

Unfortunately, I didn’t find the tiny palm symbol. I wonder if I’ll have the chance to visit Turtle’s Tomb again. Zhou Wen felt a little regretful.

He definitely couldn’t go to Turtle Tomb for the next few days. It was unknown if he could return after killing the break-out creature.

Thankfully, it’s not completely fruitless. Zhou Wen took out the Black Iron Gold Thread Turtle’s dimensional crystal and used his phone to take a picture.

Black Iron Gold Thread Turtle Crystal: Requires 41 Constitution, 41 Essence Energy, Essence Energy-type Essence Energy Art.

It’s the stats requirement of Constitution and Essence Energy again. This isn’t difficult. After I have 41 Constitution, I can absorb it. It probably won’t take long. Zhou Wen stored the crystal in the Chaos Bead.

He found a hotel nearby and when the hotel owner, who was reading the news on his phone, saw Zhou Wen, he looked at the photo on the news before looking at him. He immediately pointed at him in surprise and shouted, “You’re Zhou Wen!”

Zhou Wen was slightly taken aback as he looked at the news on his phone. He realized that he had become famous because of his battle with Great Skyfiend.

The boss warmly welcomed Zhou Wen and even arranged the best room in the hotel for him.

“Boss, can you give me a discount?” Zhou Wen asked as he looked at the room prices.

“Anything will do. If you are unhappy, you can even beat me up, but no discounts,” the boss said firmly.

“Then change it to a standard room for me,” Zhou Wen said.