Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 906: Sudden Challenge

Translator: CKtalon

In the end, the boss gave Zhou Wen a 20% discount and allowed him to stay in the VIP room. However, even with a 20% discount, it was still much more expensive than the standard room.

Zhou Wen looked around the VIP room. It was as though it had been a long time since someone had lived there. There was even dust on the television.

The boss wiped the television in embarrassment and said to Zhou Wen, “My idol, feel free to stay. Breakfast is also provided. It’s quite a sumptuous meal.”

Zhou Wen took a look and saw that the blanket was clean, so he didn’t say anything else.

After the boss left, Zhou Wen took out milk and other food from the chaos space. After heating it up for Ya’er, he got her to eat some nutritious food.

Now was the time for her to grow. She grew a little every day. It showed after some time that she was outgrowing her shoes and clothes.

It was a magical feeling to watch Ya’er grow up day by day.

He switched on his phone and read the news regarding him. The discussion on the Internet was intense, but he wasn’t the focus of discussion. Instead, it was Tyrant Behemoth.

As the reporter only managed to record the second half of the battle by the time he arrived, and it had been deliberately edited, it looked like Zhou Wen was hugging Ya’er and gracefully dodging Uesugi Nao’s attacks. Then, he summoned Tyrant Behemoth and transformed it into a boxing glove before sending Uesugi Nao flying with her blade.

Most people were amazed at Tyrant Behemoth’s strength. The East District people were glad that Tyrant Behemoth’s owner was from the East District, while the West District people claimed that Zhou Wen was only able to defeat Great Skyfiend because of the powerful Companion Beast from their district.

Tyrant Behemoth’s popularity was much higher than its master, Zhou Wen. This made Zhou Wen extremely indignant. Do these people have any taste? If I hadn’t used it well, what’s the use of Tyrant Behemoth no matter how strong it is? If I really let it fight alone, it wouldn’t have been able to touch Uesugi Nao, alright?

Zhou Wen had only said it in passing. He didn’t really care about it.

Just as he was about to close the window and continue grinding dungeons, he suddenly saw that the news that was playing was being interrupted.

“Good evening, viewers. I’m Reporter Yourong from the Imperial Capital TV Station. I’m now live in front of the Imperial Capital’s cube. Just a moment ago, a new creature challenged the first ranked Great Skyfiend. From the cube’s screen, we can see that we are no strangers to the Companion Beast that has challenged Great Skyfiend. It’s the Heavy-Armored Titan that once challenged Primordial Sword Immortal in the previous ranking battle. Heavy-Armored Titan is very similar to Tyrant Behemoth. They are both Companion Beasts that focus on Strength and Constitution. Shortly after Great Skyfiend was defeated by Tyrant Behemoth, Heavy-Armored Titan suddenly challenged Great Skyfiend. Its goal is obvious...”

Zhou Wen was amused when he saw the news. Some people really believed that they could defeat Great Skyfiend and Uesugi Nao with just Strength and Constitution.

In fact, during Zhou Wen’s battle with Great Skyfiend, Uesugi Nao hadn’t used Great Skyfiend’s abilities. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been so easy for Tyrant Behemoth to defeat her.

I wonder if Uesugi Nao will accept the challenge. Zhou Wen decided not to switch off his phone. As he played the news on his phone, he used his mysterious phone to grind dungeons.

Just as he finished grinding the 81 pill essences on Pill Furnace Mountain, he heard the excited voice of Reporter Yourong from the phone. “Dear viewers... Dear viewers... Great Skyfiend has accepted the challenge and is entering the arena...”

Zhou Wen put down the mysterious phone and looked at the live broadcast. Indeed, he saw Uesugi Nao, who was wearing Great Skyfiend armor, slowly descend into the cube arena in the void.

This is going to be good. Perhaps I’ll be able to see a portion of Great Skyfiend’s abilities. Zhou Wen could tell from Uesugi Nao’s aura that she was definitely in a bad mood. This spelled bad news for Heavy-Armored Titan.

The owner of Heavy-Armored Titan clearly didn’t think so. He felt that since Tyrant Behemoth could defeat Great Skyfiend, and although Heavy-Armored Titan wasn’t as strong as Tyrant Behemoth, his defense was more outstanding than Tyrant Behemoth’s.

Even if he couldn’t defeat Great Skyfiend, he could use the defense of Heavy-Armored Titan to force Great Skyfiend to use some abilities and employ other means. It would be very helpful in researching Great Skyfiend.

The moment Great Skyfiend entered the arena, Heavy-Armored Titan roared. Its heavy armor lit up as red magma-like demonic patterns appeared on its surface. With the augmentation of the demonic patterns, the already powerful defense of the Heavy-Armored Titan became even crazier. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

In the previous ranking battle, the powerful Primordial Sword Immortal failed to break through its defense when the Heavy-Armored Titan used this move.

Roar! Roar! Roar!

After three consecutive roars, two halos appeared beneath the feet of Heavy-Armored Titan. A white light barrier also appeared over his body. One could roughly guess that it was a skill that augmented his body.

After doing all of this, Heavy-Armored Titan suddenly charged towards Uesugi Nao, who was levitating in midair. Its body was extremely huge, and every step it took was akin to a horizontally-moving mountain, causing the ground to quake.

Just as it was about to reach Uesugi Nao, Heavy-Armored Titan leaped up and its huge body rose into the air. It clasped its palms together as a fist and struck at Uesugi Nao, who was floating there, with the might of a crushing mountain.

Uesugi Nao floated there without moving. She only looked coldly at the massive creature through the Great Skyfiend armor’s visor.

When the Heavy-Armored Titan’s fist was about to reach her, Uesugi Nao finally raised her arm.

The moment she raised her arm, demonic flames spewed out of the Great Skyfiend armor, enveloping Uesugi Nao’s entire body.

Boom!

The Heavy-Armored Titan’s hands struck Uesugi Nao’s tiny palm, but the mountain-like strike was blocked by the tiny palm. Despite using all its strength, Heavy-Armored Titan failed to move its fist forward at all.

From the audience’s perspective, the scene was even more shocking.

Uesugi Nao was as tiny as an ant in front of the Heavy-Armored Titan. The Heavy-Armored Titan that was crashing down like a mountain was blocked by an ant-like palm. The impact such a scene left on their minds was too great.

However, in the next second, an even more unbelievable scene happened.

The demonic flames on Uesugi Nao’s body rose and instantly enveloped Heavy-Armored Titan’s huge body. Furthermore, the demonic flames quickly entered Heavy-Armored Titan’s body through the gaps in the armor.

The owner of Heavy-Armored Titan clearly realized that something was amiss and wanted Heavy-Armored Titan to admit defeat before summoning it back.

However, it was too late. There was a loud bang.

Heavy-Armored Titan exploded like a watermelon above Uesugi Nao’s palm. Fragments and flesh splattered like blood-colored fireworks.

Seeing the name of Heavy-Armored Titan disappear, the entire world fell silent.