Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 908: Landing on the Island

Translator: CKtalon

However, Zhou Wen felt that this Fatal Temptation skill was a little uncomfortable. Therefore, he secretly wondered. I wonder if I can combine the Poison Dragon Palm and Fatal Temptation?

Zhou Wen carefully studied the two Essence Energy Skills. Apart from using different body parts, they were very similar in other aspects.

They were all using poison in the form of Essence Energy, and they both used poison to obtain victory. It didn’t seem impossible to combine them.

It will be great if I could use the poison power of Fatal Temptation on my hands. Zhou Wen was still used to using his hand rather than his hair.

Therefore, Zhou Wen began the corresponding research and experimentation, hoping to combine the two.

The process wasn’t that easy. Although it was the same conversion of Essence Energy into poison, the circulation method between Essence Energy Skills was still very different. After studying it for a long time, Zhou Wen realized that it wasn’t impossible to fuse the two Essence Energy Arts into one. All he could do was give it a try and add some Essence Energy circulation techniques from another Essence Energy Skill.

At the appointed time, Zhou Wen arrived at the Lu family residence again. This time, the Lu family was still very warm, but they were much more polite and hospitable than the first time he had come.

The current head of the Lu family, Old Master Lu, personally came out to welcome Zhou Wen. Furthermore, from his words, he didn’t treat Zhou Wen as a junior because of his age.

Zhou Wen knew that it was most likely because of his battle with Uesugi Nao that the Lu family paid special attention to him.

After entering the Lu family residence, Zhou Wen saw the others invited by the Lu family. Zhang Xiao was from the Zhang family, but Zhou Wen didn’t know anyone from the Xia family.

However, the Xia family looked at Zhou Wen with a strange expression. It didn’t appear like hatred, but there was no intention of getting close to him.

Zhou Wen could understand why. He had killed Xia Jiuhuang, and to the Xia family, Xia Jiuhuang was the founder of the Xia family. However, the latter had nearly destroyed the Xia family, so their attitude towards Zhou Wen was very odd.

Old Master Lu didn’t say anything else. After explaining the situation of the break-out creature in detail, he led everyone to the place where the break-out creature had recently appeared.

Half a month ago, the break-out creature had frequently appeared in the vicinity of Sea Gazing City, causing a large number of casualties. There was even one time when it charged into the city and started a massacre, causing unimaginable losses.

However, in the past half month, the break-out creature had seldom approached the coast. Most of the time, it had appeared in the shallow waters, and the number of times it appeared decreased.

The Lu family had been sending people to monitor the movement of the break-out creature. Although they didn’t dare to get too close, with the Lu family’s understanding of this area, they could still determine that the break-out creature should be residing on a nearby island.

The island wasn’t too far from Sea Gazing City, but it was different from Turtle Tomb’s six islands. It was a real island, and it wasn’t a dimensional zone.

The Lu family used a team of sea turtles to take Zhou Wen and company to the island. One by one, the Epic experts of the Lu family controlled the Epic Blackrock Turtles to rapidly swim across the sea.

Zhou Wen stood on the back of a Blackrock Turtle and looked into the distance. Zhang Xiao led the Zhang family’s white crane team and rode their own white cranes to fly in the sky. They didn’t ride the Blackrock Turtles.

In just over an hour, the island was right in front of them.

“I’ve already informed everyone of the information our Lu family knows. If you are confident, you can head to the island to hunt the break-out creature. If you aren’t confident, I hope you won’t take the risk. After all, life is precious. Also, although this island isn’t a dimensional zone, there have been break-out creatures appearing here often in the past. Therefore, there might be more than one break-out creature on the island. Please be careful. If you discover anything amiss, please retreat over here immediately. Our Lu family will be responsible for evacuating you.” With that said, Old Master Lu turned to Zhou Wen and asked, “Zhou Wen, do you want us to help you take care of the child?”

“There’s no need. The child is afraid of strangers.” Zhou Wen saw that the others had already headed towards the island. He transformed the White Shadow of Poison into wings and flew towards the island.

Before reaching the island, Zhou Wen had already expanded Truth Listener’s monitoring range to its limits, hoping to understand the situation there.

This island wasn’t too big. It was typical of an island formed by volcanic eruption. In the middle was a volcano that occasionally emitted smoke. Although it didn’t erupt, it wasn’t a good place.

The volcano was surrounded by forests. The terrain wasn’t complicated, but the forests were dense. There were many creatures inside, so there might be problems.

Zhou Wen used Truth Listener’s ability to envelop the entire island and monitor it. However, to his surprise, he didn’t find any traces of the break-out creature on the island.

He also didn’t discover any of the other break-out creatures mentioned by the Lu family. Apart from some insects and birds, there wasn’t a single dimensional creature on the island.

When Zhou Wen reached the coast, he stopped and scanned the entire island again. The outcome was the same. He didn’t discover any dimensional creatures.

Did the Lu family make a mistake, or did that break-out creature happen to leave? Zhou Wen frowned in thought.

Just as Zhou Wen was pondering over it, someone walked over. The person was a freelance hunter. To be invited by the Lu family, he was probably very famous, but Zhou Wen didn’t know him.

The person came in front of Zhou Wen and introduced himself. “My name is Bida. I was born and raised in Sea Gazing City. I’m quite famous among the local freelance hunters.”

Zhou Wen sized up Bida and didn’t say a word. This person’s aura was very strange. He looked like he was at a Mortal stage and had a weak vital aura. However, the Lu family naturally wouldn’t invite a Mortal stage human to participate in such an operation.

Bida continued, “As a native of Sea Gazing City, my understanding of this area isn’t inferior to the Lu family’s. I even know some information that the Lu family doesn’t know. I can say with certainty that it’s impossible for them to find the break-out creature on the island.”

“Why?” Zhou Wen asked curiously.

“If you are willing to cooperate with me, I will tell you why. Furthermore, I can lead you to the break-out creature,” Bida said.

“Since you know everything, why don’t you deal with that break-out creature yourself?” Zhou Wen asked.

“If I had that ability, I wouldn’t be cooperating with you.” Bida paused for a moment before continuing, “If you don’t believe me, you can look for it and verify my words before working with me.”

“How do you want to cooperate?” Zhou Wen asked directly. He naturally knew that the break-out creature wasn’t on the island.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m