Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 909: Egg

Translator: CKtalon

“Let’s work together to kill the break-out creature. After the matter is done, the benefits given by the Lu family will belong to you. If the break-out creature drops anything, it will belong to me. If nothing drops, I’ll just blame it on my bad luck,” Bida said.

“From the looks of it, there’s no way we can cooperate.” Zhou Wen was mainly here for the Companion Egg that might drop. Helping An Sheng was only in passing, so it was naturally impossible for him to agree to such conditions.

Bida couldn’t help but be stunned. “Aren’t you satisfied with the Lu family’s Fiend Dust ores and priority purchase rights?”

Zhou Wen didn’t explain as he constantly scanned the island with Truth Listener. Apart from Zhou Wen, the Zhang and Xia families and the free hunters were also using their own methods to search for the break-out creature.

Unfortunately, they came up empty-handed like Zhou Wen. Some people began suspecting that the break-out creature wasn’t on the island.

Zhou Wen thought for a moment and carried Ya’er towards the volcanic crater. If the break-out creature was really on this island, it could only be inside the volcano.

“Zhou Wen, are you really not considering it? The chances of a break-out creature dropping a Companion Egg are very low...” Bida tried persuading Zhou Wen.

“Since the chances of a Companion Egg dropping are very low, why are you trying your luck?” Zhou Wen asked casually.

“I don’t have the ability to kill the break-out creature, so I can only try my luck,” Bida said.

“Then there’s no other way. I also want to try my luck.” As the two of them spoke, they approached the volcanic crater. Many people had already gathered at the volcanic crater. Zhang Xiao and the Xia family were also here.

From the looks of it, their judgment was the same as Zhou Wen’s. They believed that the break-out creature was hidden in the volcano.

“Don’t tell me you think the break-out creature is inside the volcano like them?” Bida whispered to Zhou Wen, “No offense, but now that they believe that the break-out creature is inside the volcano, it’s the best opportunity for us to kill it. If we waste too much time, I’m afraid something unexpected will happen again.”

“I can’t agree to your conditions.” Zhou Wen stopped some distance away from the volcano.

The Zhang and Xia families had already used fire-elemental Companion Beasts to enter the volcano to search. Zhou Wen used Truth Listener to scan the volcano, but he didn’t find any traces of the break-out creature inside. Instead, he saw plenty of magma inside the volcano. It was an active volcano that was extremely unstable.

That break-out creature should have a spatial attribute, not a fire attribute. It shouldn’t be resting in the magma, right? Zhou Wen thought.

Truth Listener had a hard time hearing the situation in the magma. Unless a Companion Beast was allowed to go down, it was very difficult to obtain results.

When Zhang Xiao and company saw Zhou Wen, they were somewhat nervous. Zhou Wen’s reputation was too resounding, and they knew how powerful he was. Amongst so many people, Zhou Wen had the greatest chance.

Seeing Zhou Wen remain unmoved, Bida gritted his teeth and said to Zhou Wen, “How about this? The items dropped by the break-out creature will be yours. The Lu family’s priority purchase rights towards Fiend Dust will also be yours. As for the portion of the Fiend Dust that is rewarded, I’ll only take 30%. How about that?”

“In that case, I can consider it,” Zhou Wen said after some thought.

“There’s no time to lose. Let’s hunt the break-out creatures while they are still searching the volcano,” Bida said.

“Alright, then we’ll do as you say. Apart from 30% of the Fiend Dust, everything else will belong to me. Do you have any objections?” Zhou Wen asked Bida.

“It can’t be helped. I don’t have the ability to kill that dimensional creature. I’ll just write it off as me selling information,” Bida said helplessly as he spread out his hands.

Zhou Wen nodded and left the volcano with Bida.

After Bida led Zhou Wen away from the volcano, they passed through the forest and arrived at the shore on the other end of the island.

Bida walked along the coast for a while before stopping at a spot. He pointed at the coast below and said, “There’s a limestone cave below. We have to pass through the seawater. How’s your swimming? What about this child?”

“I’m from inland. I’m not good at swimming. Does that break-out creature live in water?” Zhou Wen asked.

“Not really. However, the karst cave has a long stretch underwater. If your swimming ability is good, it won’t be difficult to pass through. If you don’t know how to swim, you can only hold your breath and walk over,” Bida said.

“Then there’s no problem. Let’s go.” Zhou Wen carried Ya’er and walked towards the sea.

Bida got into the water first as Zhou Wen used the Black Tortoise’s Seven Mansion’s Essence Energy Skill. After entering the water, the seawater was isolated a foot away, preventing it from touching Zhou Wen’s body.

Zhou Wen carried Ya’er and sank to the bottom of the sea. Indeed, he saw a black cave below. Bida had already swam inside. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Zhou Wen walked along the bottom of the cave and followed behind Bida.

Bida was good at swimming, but Zhou Wen walked too slowly. All he could do was control his speed and lead Zhou Wen into the karst cave.

The underwater world was extremely magical, especially in the karst cave. There were all kinds of creatures and fish.

The Black Tortoise’s protective Essence Energy Skill had a certain ability to repel water. Ya’er curiously sized up the schools of fish. When she saw the fish approach, she extended her hand out of the Black Tortoise’s barrier, but she wasn’t stopped by it.

Although the twenty-eight Lunar Mansions’ barrier wasn’t of a high level, it was somewhat different from ordinary Essence Energy barriers.

The biggest difference was that it could be controlled freely. Typical Essence Energy barriers forcefully formed Essence Energy barriers, but the barrier formed by the twenty-eight Lunar Mansions’ Essence Energy Skills was different. It could be produced as he wished. Furthermore, it wasn’t just a simple barrier, but a liquid that enveloped his entire body.

The barriers of different Lunar Mansions had different attributes. For example, the Black Tortoise had the water attribute, the Vermillion Bird had the fire attribute, the Azure Dragon had the wood attribute, and the White Tiger had the metal attribute.

Now, Zhou Wen was still lacking an Essence Energy Skill. Without gathering the twenty-eight Lunar Mansion Skills, he didn’t know if it would have any special abilities in the future.

The underwater karst cave was winding and strange. As they didn’t travel in a straight line, they often had to pass through narrow gaps. Furthermore, Zhou Wen wasn’t walking fast. After more than half an hour, the two of them passed through the underwater karst cave and emerged from the water.

Outside the water surface was still a karst cave, but this karst cave was somewhat different from before. The karst cave here was like a crystal mine, filled with green crystals.

Zhou Wen quickly discovered that there was an egg half the height of a person in a cave surrounded by crystals.

“Don’t tell me it’s the egg of that break-out creature?” Zhou Wen looked at the egg in surprise.

“I think it’s highly likely. Your luck is really good. I never expected that break-out creature to have an egg. This is a Mythical egg. Although it’s not a Companion Egg and can’t be incubated as a Companion Beast, such a dimensional creature can be easily tamed from a young age,” Bida said with envy.