Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 912: Slaying Balrog

“I originally thought that swimming was difficult, but it turns out it’s not that difficult.” Zhou Wen played with the crystal in his hand and said, “According to the agreement, this dimensional crystal should belong to me, right?”

“It’s yours. Everything is yours,” Bida said as he suddenly struck out with a hand. Terrifying flames transformed into a dragon’s roar as it charged at Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen dodged and the flames landed at the bottom of the sea, turning it into a sea of fire.

“I’ve already given you the stuff. The partnership is over. Now I’m going to snatch them back. There’s nothing wrong with that, is there?” Bida said, looking at the huge fire at the bottom of the ocean. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“No problem.” Zhou Wen nodded and summoned the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General again.

The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General was like a knight from hell as it stood in the deep sea fire. The purple flames in its armor also began burning.

“With both of them being fire-elemental, Balrog is supreme. You are too naive if you want to use a fire-elemental Companion Beast to fight me,” Bida said as flames spewed out from his body and swept towards Zhou Wen.

The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General dashed forward without any hesitation. It did not dodge the flames that Bida blasted out and charged straight into the roaring magma and flames.

Bida was somewhat surprised to discover that Balrog’s flames did not burn the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General to death. A shocking flame erupted from his body once again as the magma-like Balrog armor turned golden.

“I’ll show you the true power of fire.” Along with Bida’s voice, Balrog’s body had already turned into a sun. Terrifying flames instantly evaporated a large amount of seawater. The seawater in the distance also boiled from the heat. Large amounts of seabed sand and rocks turned into magma, making the seabed look like a magma-like hell.

Bida, who was emitting heat like the sun, threw a punch at the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General, hoping to melt it into molten iron.

The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General grabbed the two ends of the spear with both hands and blocked Bida’s fist. The terrifyingly high temperature on his fist made the spear appear like a red-hot iron pole or spear.

“Melt!” The temperature on Bida’s body rose again. He wanted to melt the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General directly.

Under the terrifying high temperatures, the armor on the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General’s body was burned red. However, the strange thing was that it was still emitting purple flames.

Bida originally thought that he could melt the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General into molten iron as long as he exerted more strength. However, he soon realized that something was amiss.

Balrog’s high temperature did not melt the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General. Instead, the purple flames in its body became stronger.

Bam!

The Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General exerted strength with both hands and forcefully sent Bida flying. The ferocious tiger on the ground roared as it leaped forward. The burning spear carried purple flames as it stabbed towards Bida.

Bida was astonished. He used the various skills and abilities of Balrog to fight the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General.

Balrog was indeed ferocious. Its flames were different from ordinary fire-elemental powers as they had a burning effect. Upon contact, they would continuously burn until the opponent was burned to death.

Furthermore, Balrog’s flames didn’t purely rely on the flames. The most important thing was the high temperature. Even if one didn’t touch the flames, they would still be injured by the high temperature.

However, these abilities were useless against the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General. This was because with the existence of the Tempered Steel Cauldron skill, the higher the temperature and the more intense the burning, the stronger the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General became.

In the beginning, Bida could still suppress the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General by using Balrog’s powers. However, through Bida’s efforts to burn it to ashes, he finally threw himself into a disadvantageous position.

What the hell is this Companion Beast? Bida had already discovered that something was amiss, but he still found it unbelievable. Not only was Balrog’s power unable to injure the Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General, it was instead used by the other party.

However, he had no choice but to believe the increasingly powerful Fiend-Armored Tiger Soul General. Bida knew that Balrog had met his nemesis and turned to run. He wanted to escape before considering anything else.

How could Zhou Wen let him do as he wished? He continued chasing.

Seeing that he couldn’t escape Zhou Wen in water, Bida fled towards the shore. After rushing to the shore, a circular hole similar to a rocket propeller appeared behind the Balrog armor. Demonic flames spewed out from it, pushing Bida’s body into the distance at a terrifying speed.

Bida rushed into the mountainous area and looked back. When he didn’t see Zhou Wen behind him, he heaved a sigh of relief and landed.

However, just as he landed on the mountaintop, he saw Zhou Wen riding a gigantic pangolin-like Companion Beast. He was looking at him from the opposite mountaintop.

Bida was extremely shocked, and he hurriedly used Balrog’s ejection force to shoot into the sky again before fleeing in another direction.

However, no matter how fast Bida was, every time he stopped, he would see Zhou Wen carrying Ya’er and riding the Companion Beast nearby.

After a few consecutive attempts, Balrog’s strength was almost exhausted. Bida was also on the verge of tears.

“What do you want?” After landing again and seeing Zhou Wen, Bida stopped running and shouted at him while panting.

“What I want to do is what you just said,” Zhou Wen said.

“What did I say?” Bida asked, gasping for air.

“Didn’t you say that our partnership has ended and you want to snatch the items back? This is also what I want to do,” Zhou Wen said.

“You took the Blue Sky Crystal Beast’s egg and dimensional crystals. You took everything. What else do you want?” said Bida.

“And the Guardian on you,” Zhou Wen said calmly.

“You don’t cultivate a fire-elemental Essence Energy Art. Even if I give him to you, you won’t be able to contract him. Besides, I’ve already contracted him. I can’t give him to you even if I wanted to,” said Bida.

“That’s simple. Just kill him,” Zhou Wen said as he gripped his Bamboo Blade tightly, prepared to strike at any moment. With an additional Guardian in the world, the battle between Guardians would cause additional damage to Earth. He would kill one whenever he could.

“Then you might as well take my life. I’ll fight it out with you.” As Bida said that, he angrily pounced over from the sky. The Balrog armor on his body burst out with shocking demonic flames. Like the flames of a burning heaven, it covered the sky and descended.

Looking at Bida pouncing at him like a flaming giant, Zhou Wen’s expression didn’t change at all. However, his aura instantly turned terrifying.

The Bamboo Blade was unsheathed, followed by the release of Immortal Slaying’s might.

The demonic flames that filled the sky suddenly split into two. Zhou Wen’s figure appeared behind Balrog as though he had teleported. By then, Bamboo Blade had already returned to its sheath. When Bamboo Blade was fully sheathed, Balrog split into two in midair. Its body transformed into magma that scattered across the ground like piles of bonfires.

Meanwhile, Bida’s figure appeared in the sky. However, he no longer had the Balrog armor on him. Instead, a pair of crow-like wings appeared on his back. There was also a black mask that looked like a ghoul on his face. The aura from his entire body had become very strange.