Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 914: Feng Qiuyan’s Weakness

Translator: CKtalon

Zhou Wen had recently absorbed many Essence Energy Crystals. There was no lack of Mythical crystals. He felt that the Essence Energy Pill had reached its limits and was about to break through.

However, for some reason, every time he reached a critical moment, he couldn’t take that final step. It was as if something was missing.

What’s missing? Zhou Wen looked at the diamond-like Essence Energy Pill in front of him and frowned in thought.

What was lacking was clearly not energy, as the Essence Energy Pill’s Primordial Body had already absorbed quite a number of Mythical Essence Energy Crystals. Be it the quality or quantity of energy, they far exceeded the requirements needed for the Primordial Life Soul to evolve.

If it’s not lacking energy, why can’t the Essence Energy Pill evolve? Zhou Wen racked his brains over it but couldn’t figure it out.

Just as he was thinking, his phone suddenly rang. He took out his phone and realized that it was Feng Qiuyan.

Feng Qiuyan seldom spoke, and even if he did, most people couldn’t understand what he was saying.

“Coach, thank you for your guidance. I’ve already overcome my weakness and have some achievements in my saber art. If you have the time, can you help me take a look at my saber art?”

Zhou Wen found Feng Qiuyan’s message baffling as usual. However, he was already used to it. He casually replied: “The earliest time for me to return to school is the day after tomorrow. I’ll look for you when the time comes.”

“I can’t wait. Coach, which path are you taking? I’ll find you,” Feng Qiuyan replied.

Zhou Wen sent his route to Feng Qiuyan. Since he had nothing to do on the way, it wasn’t a bad idea to have someone welcome him.

After unsummoning the Essence Energy Pill, Zhou Wen continued grinding Deer Terrace Pavilion. The advancement of Mirror Eyes went very smoothly. At this rate, he could probably advance to an Evolved Body in a few days.

Zhou Wen was gaming when he suddenly felt a tattoo on his body tremble. Before he could summon it, the Companion Beast automatically left his body.

“Neo, what happened?” Zhou Wen asked in surprise when he saw Demonic Neonate staring at a lake by the side of the road.

“Food,” Demonic Neonate answered as she continued staring at the lake.

Zhou Wen really didn’t know what the food Demonic Neonate mentioned was because her diet was too strange. Even Guardians were treated as food by her—she was probably the only one that did so.

The lake by the side of the road wasn’t too big. Truth Listener’s senses could directly envelop it, but it didn’t discover anything amiss.

The lake was filled with ordinary creatures. There were quite a number of fish and shrimps, but there were no dimensional creatures. There were no dimensional zones nearby.

He looked at the map on his phone and realized that there was no sign of a lake here.

“Where’s the food?” Zhou Wen had no choice but to ask Demonic Neonate.

Demonic Neonate extended her finger and pointed at the center of the lake.

Zhou Wen noticed that she was referring to the surface of the lake, not inside. Therefore, he narrowed his eyes and looked over.

In the middle of the lake was a bamboo pole. There was a scarecrow hanging on it.

“The food you mentioned is that scarecrow?” Zhou Wen pointed at the scarecrow and asked.

Demonic Neonate nodded as she continued looking at the scarecrow.

As Demonic Neonate had already finished the Longevity Fruits she had previously obtained, she hadn’t eaten anything in the past few days. She was probably a little hungry.

“I’ll help you get it,” Zhou Wen said.

“Dangerous.” Demonic Neonate shook her head and said seriously.

Demonic Neonate seldom spoke to begin with. It was the first time he had heard her mention danger. He couldn’t help but seriously size up the scarecrow in the middle of the lake.

Looking at its body, there was nothing special about it. The scarecrow’s internal structure was made of straw—it could be clearly heard with Truth Listener. Apart from straw, there was nothing.

Apart from its straw body, it also had tattered clothes and a straw hat. It didn’t look anything special. The scarecrow was likely placed here in the past to prevent the shorebirds from eating the fish in the lake.

It had been here for quite some time. Its straw hat and clothes had already faded and rotted. Its straw body was also somewhat moldy. No matter how one looked at it, it was just an ordinary scarecrow.

Demonic Neonate bit her lip and glanced at the scarecrow. She actually jumped back onto the Great Might Vajra Bull’s back and said, “Go.”

Zhou Wen was alarmed as he turned to look at the scarecrow. It was still standing there like a dead object, without any signs of being terrifying.

However, Zhou Wen believed Demonic Neonate’s judgment. He didn’t stay any longer and got the Great Might Vajra Bull to leave the lake.

After leaving the lake, Demonic Neonate looked back, clearly still having some thoughts.

“What’s that?” Zhou Wen wanted to figure out what the scarecrow was.

“Food.” Demonic Neonate couldn’t explain it clearly either. She only said that it was food.

Zhou Wen secretly memorized this place to prevent himself from provoking the scarecrow when he passed by in the future. Something that even Demonic Neonate had some qualms about was definitely no trifling matter.

After walking for half a day, he suddenly saw a green bird flying at an extremely fast speed in the distant sky. Soon, it arrived above Zhou Wen.

The huge green bird circled a few times before landing from the sky. A figure floated down. It was none other than Feng Qiuyan.

“Coach, I’m here.” Feng Qiuyan landed in front of the Great Might Vajra Bull. The green bird transformed into a tattoo and returned to Feng Qiuyan.

“You really didn’t waste a moment,” Zhou Wen said with a smile.

Feng Qiuyan said seriously, “After I overcame my weakness, my saber technique improved a little. Coach, I really want you to help me take a look at it, so I immediately rushed over.”

“Then let me see what improvement your saber technique has made.” Zhou Wen placed Ya’er on the back of the Vajra Bull and flew to the grass beside him.

Feng Qiuyan didn’t stand on ceremony as he summoned his Life Soul Saber and held it in his hand, preparing to attack. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Hold on. You said that you overcame your weakness, so what do you think is your weakness?” Zhou Wen stopped Feng Qiuyan’s attack.

Feng Qiuyan said seriously, “I’ve thought about this problem for a long time. Although my saber art has many problems, those problems can be resolved through cultivation. Therefore, it can only be said to be a flaw, not a weakness. After much thought, I only have one weakness—loneliness.”

“Loneliness?” Zhou Wen didn’t understand what Feng Qiuyan meant.

“Yes, loneliness. This is because my saber art is a saber art meant for me to fight alone. Therefore, if I were to encounter experts of the same level ganking me, it’s very easy for me to lose due to a lack of stamina or from being overwhelmed,” Feng Qiuyan said.

Zhou Wen thought to himself, Is this considered a weakness? If this is a weakness, then all creatures in this world have such a weakness.

“Then how did you overcome this weakness?” Zhou Wen was somewhat curious.