Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 915: Infinite Saber Pilgrimage

Feng Qiuyan answered, “Firstly, I have to resolve the problem of stamina and Essence Energy. This problem can be resolved with some skills that can recover Essence Energy. However, even if it’s a skill that can recover Essence Energy, it’s impossible to make a complete recovery. The expenditure of stamina is also a problem. Thankfully, after reading many manuals, I finally thought of a solution. It’s to use resources obtained in combat to support the combat.”

“How do you use resources obtained in combat to support the combat?” Zhou Wen knew what the phrase meant, but using resources obtained in combat to support the combat worked because there was time to regroup.

After a single person was surrounded, there was no time to regroup. How was he going to use resources obtained in combat to support the combat?

“First, I reduce my expenditure, then I snatch the enemy’s Essence Energy...” As Feng Qiuyan spoke, he waved the Life Soul Saber in his hand. The Life Soul Saber seemed to produce some strange magical power that sucked the nearby Essence Energy into the saber.

“You... That’s good...” Zhou Wen didn’t know what to say. This ability to devour other people’s Essence Energy was very rare.

Zhou Wen had only seen Xia Jiuhuang use it before, and Feng Qiuyan was the second. He didn’t know how he had learned it.

Feng Qiuyan continued, “The second step is to resolve the problem of being ganked. For this, I spent a long time before coming up with a new saber art. Coach, please give me your advice.”

“Then let’s do it.” Zhou Wen was somewhat looking forward to Feng Qiuyan’s saber art.

Feng Qiuyan held the Life Soul Saber with an extremely solemn expression. After telling him to be careful, he raised his saber and slashed at Zhou Wen. The saber beam tore out like an invisible blade that cleaved down at Zhou Wen.

Although this strike was strong enough and much stronger than Feng Qiuyan’s saber techniques in the past, there weren’t any qualitative changes. Zhou Wen used Transcendent Flying Immortal and dodged Feng Qiuyan’s saber strike.

However, Feng Qiuyan didn’t care about that. He slashed out repeatedly, his saber beams pouring down like a surging river. Each strike was more ruthless and faster than the last.

Zhou Wen had to admit that Feng Qiuyan’s saber art was indeed top-notch. If it wasn’t for him being restricted to the Epic stage, this saber art might have even had a chance of advancing to the Mythical stage.

Feng Qiuyan had completely shed his former naivety, hesitation, and lack of confidence. The saber seemed to have become one with him. He could be passionate and unrestrained, and he could also be calm like water flowing beneath a bridge. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Like being able to split a mountain with a single strike, yet also carve out flowers in tofu.

Fast and slow, light and heavy—everything was controlled adequately. When it was time to risk his life, he could unleash an infinite amount of power. When it was time to restrain himself, he could completely restrain his sharpness.

Zhou Wen felt that if Feng Qiuyan continued practicing this saber art, his saber art would probably advance to the Mythical stage like his Transcendent Flying Immortal.

However, no matter how Zhou Wen looked at it, he couldn’t tell how Feng Qiuyan’s saber art could deal with a group fight. His saber art only supported one-on-one combat.

That’s not right! Zhou Wen sensed something. When he used Transcendent Flying Immortal to dodge Feng Qiuyan’s attack, he switched to the Hell King Life Soul, allowing his eight senses to become extremely sharp.

I see. What an amazing fellow. Zhou Wen had already discovered the secret of Feng Qiuyan’s saber art.

Feng Qiuyan’s saber beams crisscrossed, each strike stronger than the last. After countless slashes, Feng Qiuyan suddenly retracted his saber and retreated. He stared at Zhou Wen with a sharp gaze and said, “Coach, you have to be careful.”

With that said, Feng Qiuyan held the hilt of his saber with both hands. The saber aura on his body was abundant, and his long hair and clothes fluttered with the saber aura.

The shattered saber beams from before rapidly condensed around Feng Qiuyan, condensing into complete saber beams that formed a huge saber array. All the saber beams pointed at Zhou Wen, densely packed together.

“What’s this move called?” Zhou Wen asked Feng Qiuyan.

“This was inspired from watching an ancient movie. I then added to it with my own research and modification. In the movie, that move is called Infinite Sword Convergence. I call this move Infinite Saber Pilgrimage.” Feng Qiuyan’s hand that held the saber began to tremble.

The Life Soul Saber in his hand was connected to all the saber beams. It was equivalent to carrying the power of infinite sabers.

Although it sounded a little exaggerated, there were still more than a thousand sabers.

“Do your best. Let me see how powerful this Infinite Saber Pilgrimage technique of yours is,” Zhou Wen said seriously.

“Coach, please be careful.” Feng Qiuyan couldn’t hold on any longer as he slashed at Zhou Wen.

With the strength of his strike, dense saber beams descended like a river of sabers from the sky.

Dense saber beams rained down as Zhou Wen phased left and right in the saber river. Like a ghost, his figure left behind afterimages in the air. The saber beams slashed through the afterimages, but they failed to touch Zhou Wen’s body.

The violent saber beams failed to touch his body. All of them flew over and slashed at the mountain rocks behind Zhou Wen.

Boom! Boom!

The mountain rocks that were dozens of meters tall were shattered by the dense saber beams, turning into countless fragments. However, Zhou Wen remained standing in front of the collapsed mountain rocks without suffering any damage.

Feng Qiuyan didn’t feel discouraged just because Zhou Wen had dodged his Infinite Saber Pilgrimage. Instead, he stared at Zhou Wen with a burning gaze. His mind was completely occupied by Zhou Wen’s movement technique for dodging the Infinite Saber Pilgrimage.

With the saber in hand, Feng Qiuyan stood there and stared at Zhou Wen. The aura that should have declined after the Infinite Saber Pilgrimage didn’t decline. Instead, it increased.

Zhou Wen’s expression turned solemn as he pressed his hand on the handle of Bamboo Blade.

When Feng Qiuyan’s aura reached its peak, he suddenly relaxed. The ferocious and domineering aura on him seemed to vanish, as though he had become an ordinary person. There was a strange smile on his face.

At that moment, Feng Qiuyan was like a pious believer. He wanted to use the saber in his hand to commemorate the holiness in his heart. Apart from being pious, Zhou Wen couldn’t sense any killing intent or evil aura from him.

It was as if he wasn’t holding a lethal weapon, but a holy artifact that consecrated gods.

Finally, the saber in Feng Qiuyan’s hand moved again. There was no domineering saber beam, nor was there a ferocious saber beam. Zhou Wen had never seen anyone use a saber art in such a clean and holy manner. It was very artistic.

It was as if he wasn’t killing, but completing a redemption.

Almost at the instant Feng Qiuyan unsheathed his saber, Zhou Wen’s hand that held the Bamboo Blade moved. Transcendent Flying Immortal didn’t have any mortal aura as it crossed Feng Qiuyan like an elegant immortal.

A saber hum that resembled a dragon’s roar lasted for a long time. If one were to carefully distinguish it, they would realize that the saber hum came from two different sabers. Bamboo Blade and the Life Soul Saber in Feng Qiuyan’s hands were trembling and humming.

Crack!

A saber mark split open on the Dragon Scale Armor across Zhou Wen’s chest. Almost at the same time, a saber mark appeared on Feng Qiuyan’s chest. On his exposed muscles, there was a thin line of blood that seeped out.