Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Chapter 916: Fighting the Yin Talisman King Again

“Congratulations on mastering a Mythical saber technique. It’s very strong,” Zhou Wen said sincerely as he looked at the shattered Dragon Scale Armor on his chest.

Feng Qiuyan put away his saber, but he shook his head and said, “Even though it’s a Mythical saber technique, I was still defeated. Coach, if you hadn’t retracted your saber in time, I would have been beheaded.”

Zhou Wen had already sheathed the Bamboo Blade in his hand. He said with a smile, “It’s a draw. I’m wearing Mythical armor, so I knew that you couldn’t injure me, so I could consider retracting my saber. Otherwise, both sides would have suffered.”

Feng Qiuyan still shook his head and said, “To be able to release and withdraw freely under such circumstances, Coach, you are indeed much stronger than me. I still need to continue working hard.”

Zhou Wen blushed with shame. Feng Qiuyan’s strike already had the qualifications to match Transcendent Flying Immortal. However, other than Transcendent Flying Immortal, Zhou Wen also had Immortal Slaying. It made him accustomed to higher-level battles, so he still had the strength to react more under such circumstances.

In terms of saber arts, Feng Qiuyan’s strike was in no way inferior to Transcendent Flying Immortal.

“That final strike shouldn’t be a part of the Infinite Saber Pilgrimage, right?” Zhou Wen asked.

Feng Qiuyan said, “It wasn’t in the past, but it is now. This strike is the new Infinite Saber Pilgrimage. The Infinite Saber Pilgrimage before can just be considered a prelude.”

Zhou Wen didn’t have any concept of names to begin with. Feng Qiuyan could name anything he wanted, so he didn’t have any thoughts on it.

Just as he was about to return to Ya’er’s side, he suddenly heard a voice. “How exciting. Young men who aren’t even twenty can actually use such movement techniques and saber art. Is this era too powerful, or were the humans from the past too weak? How enviable.”

When Zhou Wen heard this voice, he immediately knew that something was amiss. He turned his head and saw the Yin Talisman King slowly walking over. He was clearly very far away, but with every step he took, he rapidly approached Zhou Wen and company. In a few steps, he was less than a hundred meters away from them.

“Yin Talisman King, you dare appear in front of me? Aren’t you afraid that it would infuriate The Thearch?” Zhou Wen glanced at the Yin Talisman King’s arm and saw that his severed arm had already recovered.

Yin Talisman King said with a sinister smile, “No matter how strong The Thearch is, she’s still trapped in a dimensional zone and can’t leave. As long as I don’t approach Chess Mountain, how can she do anything to me? Trying to use her to reel me in? Don’t be ridiculous.”

“Are you really that sure that she can’t come out of a dimensional zone?” Zhou Wen said indifferently.

However, Yin Talisman King said disdainfully, “Don’t try to scare me. The seal won’t be broken. Even if she’s a Calamity goddess, she can forget about rushing out of a place like Chess Mountain. Without that person today, I want to see who can protect you.”

With that said, Yin Talisman King appeared in front of Zhou Wen like a ghost. A crystal-like palm grabbed at Zhou Wen.

Feng Qiuyan didn’t hesitate to draw his saber and slash at Yin Talisman King. It was none other than the Infinite Saber Pilgrimage Technique he had just figured out.

Zhou Wen lamented inwardly when he saw Feng Qiuyan take action. All he could do was draw his saber and slash at Yin Talisman King.

The two of them slashed at Yin Talisman King from both sides. They were extremely fast, but Yin Talisman King grabbed a saber with one hand. The sharp blade couldn’t even tear through the skin of his crystallized palm.

Zhou Wen released Bamboo Blade and struck Yin Talisman King’s head. Feng Qiuyan also retracted his Life Soul Saber and slashed at his waist.

Yin Talisman King turned slightly, threw away Bamboo Blade, and extended his hand to strike Zhou Wen. At the same time, he raised his leg and kicked Feng Qiuyan.

Bam!

Zhou Wen and Feng Qiuyan were sent flying almost at the same time. Zhou Wen shouted, “Split up and run!” Then, he spun in midair and flew to Ya’er’s side before rapidly flying into the distance.

Feng Qiuyan held back the churning blood in his chest and ran in another direction.

“This place is very far from Chess Mountain. You won’t be able to run there.” Yin Talisman King sneered as he chased after Zhou Wen. He almost instantly appeared behind him.

Seeing that he was chasing after him, Zhou Wen didn’t hesitate any further. He summoned Earth Elemental Beast and used Earth Escape several times.

The reason Zhou Wen didn’t use Earth Escape’s maximum distance was that he hoped that Yin Talisman King would chase after him and not chase after Feng Qiuyan.

Thankfully, Yin Talisman King was very confident and had no intention of using Feng Qiuyan as a hostage.

Clang!

The Earth Elemental Beast was in the midst of Earth Escape when it suddenly seemed to slam into an iron wall. It became dizzy from the collision and bounced out of Earth Escape. It sprawled on the ground and nearly fainted. A portion of its skull had shattered. From the looks of it, its injuries weren’t light as Zhou Wen unsummoned it.

Yin Talisman King chased after him with a smile. “If I wasn’t completely confident, would I have taken action? Even if immortals came today, they wouldn’t be able to escape either.”

Zhou Wen didn’t answer as he summoned the Invisibility Cloak and used the three minutes of invisibility to escape this area.

Bam!

Zhou Wen wanted to fly away, but he felt his body slam into an invisible barrier and rebound.

Yin Talisman King couldn’t see Zhou Wen, but he could hear the sound. He rushed over and said with a sinister smile, “It’s useless no matter how you struggle. Even if you turn into a ghost, you won’t be able to escape this area.”

Zhou Wen didn’t know how large the area was, so he stood there without moving. At the very least, he knew that there was an invisible barrier beside him.

Yin Talisman King couldn’t see him. All it could do was fly into the sky and look down at the entire forest. At the same time, it took out something as though it wanted to figure out Zhou Wen’s location.

Zhou Wen didn’t move as he activated his Mirror Eyes and looked at the invisible barrier, but he didn’t see anything.

After switching to the Supreme Hell King Life Soul, he looked at the invisible barrier again, but he still couldn’t see anything. Clearly, it wasn’t some kind of soul power.

If there’s a barrier in such a huge area, even a Terror-grade can’t do it with their own strength, right? With this in mind, Zhou Wen switched to the Dao Sutra and the Heaven-Opening Scripture appeared in his sea of consciousness. Then, he charged straight at the invisible barrier.

Zhou Wen held the Light Concealment Sword in his hand, but when the Light Concealment Sword touched the invisible barrier, it passed right through.

As expected. Yin Talisman King relies on the power of the Heaven and Earth laws to form such a powerful barrier. Zhou Wen rushed out of the barrier and immediately flew at full speed.

At the instant Zhou Wen rushed out of the barrier, Yin Talisman King sensed something as his expression changed. Damn it, how did he rush out of the Mystic Heaven Array?

However, very quickly, Yin Talisman King took out something that resembled a compass. There were many intersecting points and lines on it. After Yin Talisman King injected his Essence Energy, the compass pointed in the direction Zhou Wen had fled.

Yin Talisman King used Earth Escape to chase after Zhou Wen.

Just as Zhou Wen came out of invisibility, he was discovered by Yin Talisman King. All he could do was dodge with his movement technique and constantly pull open the distance with teleportation.

Unfortunately, the last time he had used fixed-position spatial teleportation was less than a month ago. He couldn’t use it again. It was almost impossible to shake off Yin Talisman King by teleporting a great distance.

As for the ten teleportation opportunities in a day, they were quickly expended. Earth Elemental Beast was severely injured and it’s mind was muddled, so it was impossible for it to help Zhou Wen escape.

Zhou Wen wasn’t running towards Chess Mountain because it was too far away. It was impossible for him to escape.

Seeing that Zhou Wen had already fled, Yin Talisman King could also tell that Zhou Wen’s teleportation ability could no longer be used.

“Continue fleeing,” said Yin Talisman King coldly as he looked at Zhou Wen who had been chased to a lake.