Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 920: The Weapon Zhou Wen Likes

Seeing Demonic Neonate swallow the scarecrow’s monster core, Zhou Wen opened his mouth, wanting to ask something, but he saw Demonic Neonate emit demonic aura as though she was about to evolve.

Demonic Neonate leaped towards Zhou Wen and returned to him in the form of a tattoo. However, the tattoo was different from usual. It had already transformed into a blob of dense demonic aura that couldn’t be dispelled. It was impossible to tell its outline.

Is she finally going to be a Mythical? Zhou Wen was somewhat delighted. After this evolution, he might be able to find out the secret of Demonic Neonate’s Wheel of Destiny.

Unfortunately, I failed to kill Yin Talisman King. Zhou Wen glanced at the lake regretfully before leaving with Ya’er.

When he arrived at a place with a signal, Zhou Wen’s phone rang. It was a message from Feng Qiuyan.

“I’m in Taihang Mountain District. There’s a dimensional zone here that allows us to take refuge. Lure him here...”

Unfortunately, Zhou Wen hadn’t seen the message. He had fled too quickly and there was no signal.

“It’s been resolved. I’m rushing back to Luoyang. Quickly return.” Zhou Wen sent him a message before rushing back.

Although he failed to kill Yin Talisman King, he was definitely severely injured. Even his body had self-destructed. It was difficult to say if he could recover his strength. It was unlikely he could return anytime soon.

If he dared to come again, Banana Fairy would probably have completed her evolution. When that happened, it would be difficult to say who would be the pursuer.

Unfortunately, I can’t find him. Otherwise, this would be a great opportunity to eliminate him.

Zhou Wen took out the purple bronze ball and played with it. Yin Talisman King had said that it was First Mountain Bronze and that it had absorbed the blood essence of the three races—humans, immortals, demons.

Zhou Wen felt that it wasn’t as simple as Yin Talisman King had said. If it was the pure blood of ordinary humans, immortals, and demons, it wouldn’t be of much use even if he absorbed it. If it was really as Yin Talisman King had said, the blood absorbed by the First Mountain Bronze would probably be extraordinary. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

However, Zhou Wen tried many methods, but he failed to figure out how to use it. No matter how he heated it, it only burned red. He could see a hint of purple flowing inside.

I don’t think it’s possible to call such a huge bronze ball a pill kernel. If it’s really refined into a pill, it might be able to gorge someone to death. It’s more reliable using it to make weapons. This thing is so hard, so it definitely won’t be easily destroyed by weapons. However, if it’s so hard, it won’t be easy to turn it into a weapon. I can’t use a ball as a weapon, right... Wait... Zhou Wen suddenly thought of something and summoned his Essence Energy Pill.

I’ve been wondering if the Essence Energy Pill will advance into a pill or something in the future, but I neglected the fact that this thing is more like a weapon. If it’s a weapon, will it have a weapon form after advancing? Could it be that the reason the Essence Energy Pill hasn’t advanced is because it doesn’t have a fixed weapon form? The more Zhou Wen thought about it, the more he felt that it was right.

The Life Soul was a fusion of bloodline talent and essence, vitality, and spirit. Its growth not only required energy, but also its master’s will.

Zhou Wen didn’t have any special preferences for weapons. He could use any weapon. To him, weapons were just tools that he didn’t devote any feelings to.

Zhou Wen felt that this was likely the reason why the Essence Energy Pill hadn’t advanced.

If it’s a weapon, what kind of weapon do I need? A saber, a sword, or a spear? Zhou Wen thought for a moment and felt that they were about the same. Apart from the fact that he seldom used a spear, swords and sabers were basically the same to Zhou Wen. However, swords were mainly focused on thrusting, while sabers were more focused on slashing.

Since they’re about the same, I’ll choose the sword. Zhou Wen thought about the form of the sword before circulating the Qi Refinement Art again, hoping to advance his Essence Energy Pill.

However, the outcome was useless. At the final step, the Essence Energy Pill remained infinitely stable. It refused to break through.

Could I be wrong? The Essence Energy Pill doesn’t evolve towards weapons? Zhou Wen was somewhat depressed.

When Zhou Wen returned to Luoyang, Feng Qiuyan had already returned ahead of time. As he had suffered some injuries, he was being treated at the hospital. He probably wouldn’t be able to return to campus for a couple of weeks.

After visiting Feng Qiuyan, Zhou Wen returned to campus.

Zhou Wen had been considering the problem of the Essence Energy Pill along the way. He felt that his idea was correct, but for some reason, the Essence Energy Pill couldn’t evolve.

Could it be that I really have to like a certain weapon for it to be able to sense my will for evolution? Zhou Wen thought for a moment and decided to seriously study the various weapons to see if he could find a weapon he really liked.

The first weapon Zhou Wen learned about was the sword. It wasn’t because he liked swords the most, but because he had an Ancient Sword Tomb dungeon. There were all kinds of swords there, so Zhou Wen planned on taking a closer look.

After returning to his dorm, he opened the door and the chick flew over. It had grown a little bigger—from the looks of it, An Sheng had sent it quite a number of good things recently. It hadn’t starved.

The antelope lay on the couch and when it saw Zhou Wen return, it lazily opened its eyes and glanced at him before closing its eyes to continue sleeping.

This fellow eats and sleeps all day. Will its strength regress? Should I try to kill it and roast some venison skewers? Zhou Wen looked at the antelope and thought to himself.

However, this was only a thought. Zhou Wen suspected that this fellow was at the Terror grade. If they really fought, he might not be able to kill it.

After summoning Truth Listener and the other Companion Beasts that liked to play outside, he distributed the snacks he had brought back to the chick and got Ya’er to play with them. Only then did Zhou Wen return to his bedroom and lie in bed. He took out his phone and entered the Ancient Sword Tomb dungeon.

The vine sword was still stuck there. Every time he respawned, the location of the vine sword would be different. However, he could see it. Zhou Wen had tried many times to pull it out, but he failed.

This vine sword’s shape is too strange. It’s not the kind I would like. Zhou Wen looked at the vine sword before shaking his head and looking at the ancient sword beside him.

In the Ancient Sword Tomb, there were quite a number of beautiful ancient swords. Zhou Wen quite liked the shapes of some ancient swords, but no matter how much he liked them, he only treated them as tools. He had no way of developing the feelings that Feng Qiuyan had for sabers.

After circling the Ancient Sword Tomb for some time, Zhou Wen knew that it was impossible for him to be a swordsman who loved swords as much as his life. Therefore, he gave up on searching.

I should take a look at sabers. Perhaps I’m a natural saber user? Zhou Wen decided to change his train of thought.

It wasn’t as convenient to look at sabers as looking at swords. There were no instance dungeons like Saber Tomb, but in Sunset College, there was a showroom where many Essence Gold weapons were stored. Sabers took up a large potion of them.

Why did sabers take up the largest portion? That was because sabers were the most practical. While a sword had two sharp edges, making it seem to have more functions than a saber, this didn’t mean that it was better. A sword had high requirements for the craftsmanship and user. It wasn’t as simple and practical as a saber.