Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Chapter 923: Sword Pill

Translator: CKtalon

For the next couple of days, Zhou Wen practiced with Sadie. He wanted to practice all three thousand sword intents to see which sword intent was suitable for the Essence Energy Pill. Perhaps that would be the time when the Essence Energy Pill advanced.

After he was discharged, Feng Qiuyan surprisingly didn’t practice his saber for the next few days. He came to watch the two fight every day.

Sadie went from initially surprised to the subsequent shock and finally numbness. She no longer thought about anything. All she did was focus on taking in the battle with Zhou Wen and use the Eye of Odin to record the battle.

She didn’t wish to master so many sword intents like Zhou Wen, but as long as she could master a few sword intents that suited her, she could make great progress.

In fact, Sadie did the same as Zhou Wen. During the battle with him, she gradually infused her insights into her sword art.

Perhaps even Sadie didn’t realize that her sword art was undergoing a tremendous change thanks to Zhou Wen’s influence.

Zhou Wen powered the 13 stances using the Qi Refinement Art to constantly gain insight into the 3,000 sword intents, but the Essence Energy Pill showed no signs of advancing despite him gaining insight into all the sword intents.

Zhou Wen wasn’t in a rush as he continued practicing. Without realizing it, he had already practiced all three thousand sword intents.

After using the last sword intent, Zhou Wen sheathed his sword and stood there motionless.

When Sadie saw Zhou Wen suddenly retreat, the sword in her hand stabbed at him. However, before the sword could plunge into him, Sadie found herself unable to do so.

Zhou Wen seemed to be standing there casually, but his body seemed to emit infinite sword intent.

It was different from any of the previous sword intents. Every sword intent Zhou Wen had used previously had distinct characteristics. They were either firm or soft, offensive or defensive, fast or slow, domineering or kingly. Every sword intent had its advantages and disadvantages.

However, the sword intent emitted by Zhou Wen was completely different.

Sadie couldn’t figure out what the sword intent on Zhou Wen’s body was. All she felt was an infinite sword intent surge from Zhou Wen’s body. It was indescribable, like a sword furnace.

Sadie felt that no matter how she struck out, she would receive Zhou Wen’s fatal counterattack. However, if she retreated, she would similarly be pursued. Instantly, she was petrified as cold sweat constantly seeped out of her forehead. She stood motionless, as though she would be killed by Zhou Wen if she moved.

Hum!

A sword hum sounded from Zhou Wen’s body, but the practice sword in his hand had already shattered.

The sword hum lasted for a long time, but no sword appeared. It was as though the sword was inside Zhou Wen’s body, and Zhou Wen was like a sword furnace that had fused with the swords in the world.

Zhou Wen was delighted. The Essence Energy Pill had finally advanced to an Evolved Body. Its Essence Energy had been further purified and compressed, becoming smaller and purer. However, it didn’t transform into a sword form. It was still an Essence Energy Pill.

However, the Essence Energy Pill contained infinite sword intent.

After the Essence Energy Pill advanced successfully, the sword hum on Zhou Wen’s body vanished. The boundless sword intent also vanished.

Sadie’s entire body was drenched with sweat. When the sword intent vanished, Sadie’s legs went limp as she fell to the ground, panting heavily.

Feng Qiuyan, who was watching from the side, wiped the cold sweat from his forehead. Although he wasn’t facing the boundless sword intent like Sadie, he could sense how terrifying it was.

“Sorry, are you alright?” Zhou Wen asked Sadie, who had fallen to the ground.

Sadie shook her head slightly, but there was a smile on her face. “Coach, don’t say that. I should be thanking you. If not for the past couple days of practice, I wouldn’t have been able to comprehend the true Sword Dao and find my true path. I should be thanking you.”

“I’m glad you’re fine.” Zhou Wen took out his phone and glanced at the Essence Energy Pill Life Soul.

Sword Pill (Evolved): Heaven and Earth as a furnace, Essence Energy as a sword, three thousand swords fused in one pill.

There’s still one last step

, Zhou Wen thought.

With Sword Pill completed, Zhou Wen didn’t need to continue sword practice. He hadn’t thought of a way to advance Sword Pill. All he could do was continue absorbing Essence Energy Crystals, allowing Sword Pill’s Essence Energy to constantly strengthen, purify, and compress in wait for the opportunity to advance to a Perfect Body.

Mirror Eyes, on the other hand, had finally advanced to the Evolved Body after he continuously revealed the demons for what they were.

The evolved Mirror Eyes still only strengthened the eyes, but the name changed.

Eyes of Legacy (Evolved): Demon God Eyes of Legacy.

The introduction was very simple. Zhou Wen had obtained very little information during his evolution, but after some experiments, he finally knew what use the Eyes of Legacy had. Furthermore, its use left him pleasantly surprised.

The Eyes of Legacy had inherited the Mirror Eyes’ ability to see through demons. At the same time, it had another function. Zhou Wen could use the Eyes of Legacy to scan dimensional creatures before taking on the guise of a dimensional creature.

This transformation wasn’t purely an illusion. It was more like a replica. For example, Zhou Wen could scan and transform into Torch Dragon Youngling. After transforming, Zhou Wen had a body that was identical to Torch Dragon Youngling. He also had various abilities and skills. He was like a replica of Torch Dragon Youngling.

It was a very powerful and terrifying ability, but the problem was that using the Eyes of Legacy to transform into Torch Dragon Youngling required a large amount of time and Essence Energy to scan Torch Dragon Youngling’s body. Furthermore, it required a large amount of Essence Energy to support the transformation. After transforming, he would also expend a large amount of Essence Energy to maintain the Torch Dragon Youngling form.

With Zhou Wen’s present Essence Energy, he couldn’t even scan and transform into Torch Dragon Youngling. All he could do was temporarily transform into some Epic dimensional creatures or lower. Furthermore, this required a certain amount of scanning time.

If only Slaughterer Life Soul could be used together with the Eyes of Legacy. With infinite Essence Energy, I’ll be truly invincible if I can scan a powerful dimensional creature at the Terror grade, Zhou Wen thought to himself.

Unfortunately, this was impossible at the moment. Different Life Souls couldn’t be used at the same time. And if he switched Life Souls, the Eyes of Legacy’s transformation would vanish.

How can I use multiple Life Souls at the same time? Zhou Wen had been considering this problem, but he couldn’t find a solution.

To use different Life Souls, he had to switch to different Essence Energy Arts. It was naturally impossible for different Essence Energy Arts to be circulated at the same time.

Is it possible to simulate two Essence Energy Arts at the same time? Zhou Wen had made similar attempts in-game, but he had failed.

Simulating two Essence Energy Arts at the same time was like an ordinary person cultivating two Essence Energy Arts. It would immediately cause a conflict and destroy Zhou Wen’s body.

From the looks of it, I can only wait until I advance to the Mythical stage to see if there’s a possibility of using multiple Essence Energy Arts. Zhou Wen had no choice but to temporarily give up on the idea of using multiple Essence Energy Arts at the same time.

Time passed as Zhou Wen practiced. Soon, it was time for him to meet The Thearch.