Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 926: Teleportation Mistake?

It was a liquid pool that suffused blue light. Outside the pool was a volcano-like ring-shaped mountain.

If this was really a volcano, the liquid in the pool should be magma. However, the liquid in the pool suffused blue fluorescence. The temperature wasn’t high, and it was even somewhat cold.

And at the bottom of the pool, there were many crystals, as though they were arranged together.

Boom!

Just as Zhou Wen was observing the crystal-like objects, he suddenly saw the blue liquid in the pool spew out like a volcanic eruption.

Zhou Wen hurriedly leaned against the stone wall and watched the blue liquid spew out. At the same time, a large number of crystal-like objects were ejected.

The blue liquid then landed back into the crater.

After the crystal-like objects came into contact with the air outside, they immediately produced a special chemical reaction. The crystal-like objects rapidly transformed and quickly turned into foxes. The foxes’ eyes suffused blue light as they fell from the sky.

These foxes... Why do they look like the fox demons in Deer Terrace Pavilion... Zhou Wen found it odd as he secretly crawled to the volcanic crater and looked out.

With a glance, he was alarmed. He saw that there were no plants on the black primitive land. Black smoke billowed in the sky as black ring-shaped volcanoes covered the land.

From time to time, a ring-shaped volcano would erupt. However, what spewed out wasn’t magma, but liquid of different colors.

Some of the liquids were blue like this one, some were red, and some were yellow. There were all sorts of colors. Similarly, every time a volcano spewed out liquid, a portion of the crystals would randomly be ejected.

Once the crystal-like objects left the liquid and came into contact with the air, they rapidly transformed into different dimensional creatures.

Red centipedes with wings danced in the air as hundred-meter-long serpents roared into the sky. Groups of demons ran amok on the ground. Most of these creatures were creatures Zhou Wen had never seen before, but there were also some he had seen before.

For example, the foxes spewed out from this volcano were Epic Fox Immortals in Deer Terrace Pavilion.

The volcano beside him spewed out gray porcupines which Zhou Wen had seen in Deer Terrace Pavilion. It was also an Epic demon-type dimensional creature.

This... Could it be a place where dimensional creatures are born? Zhou Wen looked at the volcanoes erupting everywhere as large numbers of different dimensional creatures spewed out. The spectacular scene was indescribable.

A nearby fox seemed to discover Zhou Wen. When he saw it look over, Zhou Wen was alarmed.

However, the fox didn’t show any hostility towards him. It seemed to treat him as one of its kind as it yelped at him.

Could it be... Zhou Wen thought of the pearl the Nine-Tailed Fox had given him.

He crawled out of the volcano. The fox demons nearby had discovered him, but they had no intention of attacking him. This relaxed Zhou Wen significantly.

I never expected this thing to be so useful. However, my human appearance is just too eye-catching. I have to think of a way. Zhou Wen looked around.

Soon, Zhou Wen realized that there were many snow cats gathered near a nearby volcano. It was a Legendary dimensional creature. Zhou Wen walked over.

The snow cats only looked at him without any intention of attacking. Zhou Wen immediately switched to the Demon God Catalog and scanned a snow cat with the Eyes of Legacy.

As the scan proceeded, Zhou Wen felt a strange power flow out of his eyes. This power passed through his meridians and spread throughout his body, causing his body to undergo a strange change.

Not long after, Zhou Wen turned into a snow cat. He looked no different from the snow cats beside him. The snow cats seemed to treat him as one of their kind and didn’t even look at him.

Boom!

Lightning streaked across the black smoke-filled sky. The dimensional creatures that were struck by the lightning immediately vanished.

Just as Zhou Wen was in a daze, large swaths of lightning descended. The snow cats and the nearby fox demons vanished when they were struck.

Zhou Wen hurriedly ran and dodged the lightning’s attacks. He could sense the power of space from the lightning. It didn’t seem to be real lightning, nor was it ordinary lightning. Instead, it was some kind of spatial lightning. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

This is a little different from what The Thearch said! Zhou Wen ran with all his might before escaping the area covered by lightning. Wherever the lightning passed, the nearby dimensional creatures just vanished.

Zhou Wen remembered very clearly that The Thearch had told him that after he teleported to the dimension, he was to walk towards a tower.

However, all Zhou Wen saw were ring-shaped volcanoes. There were no towers.

Furthermore, Zhou Wen had never heard The Thearch mention the void lightning.

Could it be that the Nine-Tailed Fox got the wrong place when it teleported me here? That’s not right either. Didn’t The Thearch say that the bronze tripod’s teleportation only has one destination? Zhou Wen saw a huge ring-shaped volcano nearby and wanted to climb to the top to see if there was a tower in the distance.

He didn’t dare fly randomly to avoid being targeted. He still didn’t know where he was, nor did he know if there was any danger here.

However, no matter how he looked at it, this place was somewhat different from the dimension The Thearch had mentioned.

Boom!

Halfway through his climb, the huge volcano suddenly erupted. Red liquid shot into the sky like a heavenly pillar. At the same time, a red crystal-like object spewed out.

However, this red crystal pillar was much bigger than the blue crystal pillar Zhou Wen had seen before. It was about half the size of a soccer field.

The red liquid receded. After the crystal-like object came into contact with the air, it immediately transformed. When the huge red crystal-like object landed, it had already transformed into a fire qilin that was as red as crystal and emitted terrifying flames.

The snow cat’s body was like an ant beside the fire qilin.

Holy sh*t, this place can even spew out Mythical creatures! Zhou Wen retreated step by step. He was too close to the fire qilin. He was afraid that it would discover that he was human. That would be terrible.

Although Zhou Wen wasn’t afraid of ordinary Mythical creatures, he didn’t know if he would be targeted by an even more terrifying existence if he fought the fire qilin here.

Thankfully, the fire qilin didn’t notice Zhou Wen. Perhaps in its eyes, the snow cat was similar to an ant. There was no need for it to care.

Boom! Boom!

The fire qilin walked towards the lightning, causing the ground to tremble. Soon, it walked into the lightning and gradually vanished under the bombardment of the void lightning.

What the hell is this place? Zhou Wen eagerly rushed to the top of the volcano. He wanted to see if there was the tower mentioned by The Thearch nearby.