Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 929: Escaping with the Bell

Inside the crystal coffin, Zhou Wen kept thinking about how he could obtain the bell and safely escape. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Although he wasn’t sure if the bell was the one The Thearch wanted, since he was already here, Zhou Wen still wanted to bring the bell back if possible.

The snow-robed woman at the Terror grade, and the snake monster might also be at the Terror grade. It wasn’t easy to take away the bell in front of two Terror-grade entities.

This was an ice castle. Earth Escape was useless. Teleportation was likely a more effective method.

As long as he could leave the ice castle, he could use the Earth Elemental Beast to escape to the spatial passageway on the mountain outside.

From the looks of it, I have to take the risk. However, it’s still very difficult to take the bell away from two Terror-grade entities. Zhou Wen recalled what The Thearch had said about the bell.

The Thearch said that the bell couldn’t be touched by typical creatures. It had to be taken by a Companion Beast that had eaten the divine fruit. In other words, Doctor Darkness had to hold the bell until he returned.

Zhou Wen calculated the various possibilities and felt that with his abilities, although he wasn’t a match for two Terror-grade opponents, as long as he could obtain the bell, escaping back into the tunnel shouldn’t be a problem.

Therefore, Zhou Wen decided that if the woman took him to the bell again, he would snatch it.

Time ticked by. After twelve hours, Zhou Wen heard a bell-like chimes. After twelve chimes, the woman woke up again.

The woman carried Zhou Wen to the ice castle’s hall like the last time.

Zhou Wen immediately focused and planned on escaping after snatching the bell.

When the woman arrived at the hall, the snake monster was already in front of the bell. It was unknown if he had been standing guard there the entire time and had never left.

However, seeing the woman approach, the snake monster made way.

The woman placed Zhou Wen on the ground and was about to walk towards the bell when Zhou Wen saw that he couldn’t miss the opportunity. Without any hesitation, he switched to the Civilized Country Life Soul and restored his original appearance. He teleported in front of the bell while Doctor Darkness had already attached himself to Zhou Wen in his soul form.

Zhou Wen reached out to hold the bell and felt his soul tremble. Thankfully, with Doctor Darkness possessing him, nothing worse happened.

The woman and the snake monster quickly reacted. The woman transformed into an ice maiden as the snake monster’s body suffused a strange glow. Four more arms grew out and the six arms emitted a strange light that shone at Zhou Wen, who had snatched the bell.

Without any hesitation, he used teleportation to leave the hall again without stopping. After four consecutive teleportations, Zhou Wen finally rushed out of the Ice Castle.

Almost at the same time he rushed out of the ice castle, Zhou Wen summoned Earth Elemental Beast and thought to himself, With Earth Elemental Beast’s Earth Escape ability, I should be able to return to the spatial passageway with its maximum distance. Even if the two Terror-grade fellows catch up, I can use the remaining teleportation abilities to rush back to the spatial passageway.

However, when Zhou Wen rode on the Earth Elemental Beast’s back and it landed, Zhou Wen was stunned.

Outside the ice castle was likely the huge mountain. Zhou Wen’s original plan was that as long as the Earth Elemental Beast landed on the mountain, it would use Earth Escape.

However, after he rushed out of the ice castle, he suddenly realized that it wasn’t the huge mountain peak outside. There was no longer the churning sea of clouds.

Everywhere he looked, there was blue seawater. Apart from the sea, he couldn’t see anything. The ice castle floated above the sea.

What... What’s going on... Zhou Wen was momentarily dumbfounded.

Plop!

The Earth Elemental Beast landed in the seawater and the seawater hit Zhou Wen’s face, immediately waking him up. Although he didn’t know what had happened and why the ice castle had turned into an endless sea, he had to try his best to escape. There was no other way.

Almost instantly, Zhou Wen ordered the Earth Elemental Beast to burrow into the sea.

However, before the Earth Elemental Beast could burrow down, an ice beam shot over from the ice castle. It was unbelievably fast.

Zhou Wen’s heart chilled as he unsummoned Earth Elemental Beast. At the same time, he used the Civilized Country’s spatial teleportation to leave the seawater.

When the ice beam landed on the surface of the sea, a large portion of the seawater froze. The seawater turned into an unknowingly thick glacier.

The snake monster charged forward in extreme rage. Its snake tail swayed as it arrived in front of Zhou Wen in the blink of an eye. Its six arms brought with them a gust of death as it crazily sliced through space, hoping to dismember Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen gritted his teeth and summoned Tyrant Behemoth to meet the snake monster. Tyrant Behemoth roared as it activated Absolute Strength and charged at the snake monster.

Crack! Crack!

Blood splattered from wounds that appeared on Tyrant Behemoth’s extremely tough body. One could even see broken bones from some of the wounds.

Tyrant Behemoth screamed as it flew out and slammed into the ice. It shattered the thick glacier as large amounts of seawater spewed out from the crack.

Zhou Wen took the opportunity to retreat dozens of meters. At the same time, he unsummoned Tyrant Behemoth and put on the Invisibility Cloak before instantly disappearing.

The snake monster scanned his surroundings, but he didn’t find Zhou Wen. He couldn’t help but turn to the woman and roar, “You brought that human back. Is he your accomplice?”

The ice maiden said coldly, “If it were me, do you think I would be so foolish as to let him steal the Heaven Shrouding Bell like this? If you have the time to suspect me, why don’t you think of a way to find him? He won’t be able to escape.”

“Explain this matter to the higher-ups yourself.” The snake monster seemed to think that what the ice maiden said made sense, but it still spoke hatefully before beginning to search for Zhou Wen.

Like him, the ice maiden searched everywhere for Zhou Wen.

Zhou Wen wore the Invisibility Cloak and relied on three minutes of invisibility to rush into the sea, desperately swimming deeper.

The seawater here was extremely deep. When Zhou Wen dived deep into the seawater, he could vaguely see specks of light at the bottom of the sea, like stars.

However, the stars were colorful. It reminded Zhou Wen of the liquid in the volcano.

As Zhou Wen dived deeper, he realized that he was right. At the bottom of the sea, there were countless colorful springs that spewed out all sorts of colorful liquid.

As the colorful liquid spewed out all sorts of crystal-like objects, they turned into different dimensional creatures when they came into contact with the seawater. However, they were different from the volcanic region from before. The dimensional creatures here were basically sea creatures.