Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 932: Ice Maiden’s Scheme

Zhou Wen’s body was restrained by the snake monster’s strange power, preventing him from teleporting away. He was alarmed as a terrifying tearing pain came from his body, as though his muscles and bones were about to be torn apart by the snake monster.

I can only risk it. Zhou Wen gritted his teeth. As he retracted his right hand, he held the Heaven Shrouding Bell in his right hand before using Darkness Right Hand again.

“Ah!” The snake monster held its head and screamed. Zhou Wen used the Darkness Right Hand to stuff the Heaven Shrouding Bell into its head.

He had only done it in passing and didn’t think that it would be of much use. He had originally planned on giving up on the Heaven Shrouding Bell. It would probably make it difficult for the ice maiden and the snake monster to track him down. In order to survive, he had no choice but to abandon the bell.

However, to his surprise, after the bell was placed in the snake monster’s head, it made it hold its head and scream. For a moment, it forgot about tearing Zhou Wen apart.

Suddenly, an ice beam flashed. Just as Zhou Wen was about to dodge, he realized that the ice beam wasn’t directed at him.

This ice beam was extremely terrifying. The ice beam Zhou Wen had seen previously was considered warm when compared to this ice beam.

The ice beam shone on the defenseless snake monster, freezing it into ice.

Zhou Wen took the opportunity to escape the two hands that were still grabbing at his feet and finally regained his freedom.

Did she accidentally hit the wrong person? Zhou Wen glanced at the snake monster who wore a look of horror and pain. He saw that it couldn’t move at all and was completely frozen.

It wasn’t an accident. It was deliberate. Zhou Wen looked at the ice maiden.

The ice maiden didn’t attack Zhou Wen again. She looked at him coldly and said, “The fox core on you belongs to the Nine-Tailed Fox, right?”

Zhou Wen was delighted when he heard that. “Yes, you know her?”

“If I didn’t know her, why would I bring you into my castle?” the ice maiden said indifferently.

Zhou Wen had previously suspected why the ice maiden had brought him into the ice castle.

If she wanted to rear pets, there were adorable dimensional creatures everywhere. She had seen more dimensional creatures than the grains of rice Zhou Wen had eaten. There was no need for her to make an exception and rear a snow cat.

“Don’t tell me you brought me into the ice castle to deal with him?” Zhou Wen suddenly reacted and glanced at the frozen snake monster.

“I have to thank you for that. If you hadn’t attracted all his attention, I wouldn’t have been able to succeed so easily.” The ice maiden’s tone was very strange as though she was talking about something unrelated to her. However, she clearly wanted to deal with the snake monster and had deliberately used Zhou Wen.

“In that case, I did you a favor. Since everyone is friends with the Nine-Tailed Fox, let’s pretend nothing happened today,” Zhou Wen said.

“Did the Nine-Tailed Fox ask you to steal the Heaven Shrouding Bell?” the ice maiden ignored his words and asked directly.

Zhou Wen was momentarily at a loss for an answer. If the ice maiden was the enemy of the Nine-Tailed Fox, it would be difficult for him to escape death if he said yes.

However, if the ice maiden was a friend of the Nine-Tailed Fox and he said no, he would probably end up missing a great opportunity to live.

With an instant’s thought, Zhou Wen decided to take a gamble and immediately answered, “Yes.”

“Why did she ask you to steal the Heaven Shrouding Bell?” the ice maiden asked again.

Seeing that she didn’t show any signs of anger, Zhou Wen knew that he had made the right bet. He said, “I don’t know about that. I was only entrusted by her to steal the bell. Also, I wish to meet Emperor of Shang and help her deliver a message.”

“What message?” the ice maiden asked with a frown.

“You aren’t Emperor of Shang. It doesn’t seem appropriate for me to tell you,” Zhou Wen said after some thought.

“You don’t have to say it,” the ice maiden said coldly.

“Alright, she only said ‘think not.’” Zhou Wen felt that it was best not to use force if he could.

“Hmph, if she really knew the words ‘think not,’ she wouldn’t have gotten you to steal the Heaven Shrouding Bell,” the ice maiden said with a twitch of her lips. Then, her hands emitted an ice beam. When the ice beam landed on the snake monster, it gradually disintegrated its body before shattering into ice shards. It left Zhou Wen’s scalp tingling.

This was a Terror-grade creature, but it was killed just like that.

Amidst the ice shards, an Essence Energy Skill Crystal and Heaven Shrouding Bell appeared. Unfortunately, none of them belonged to Zhou Wen. With a casual wave of her hand, the Skill Crystal landed in her hand.

“Emperor of Shang is a criminal. The place he’s imprisoned in an extremely dangerous dimension. With your strength, you aren’t strong enough to enter.

“Isn’t this a dimension?” Zhou Wen asked in puzzlement.

“This can only be considered a buffer zone between Earth and the dimension. It’s not a real dimension. If you really go to the dimension and aren’t at the Terror grade, it will be difficult for you to even survive. How could it be so easy?” The ice maiden said, “If you aren’t afraid of death, I can show you the way and let you enter the dimension to meet Emperor of Shang. Whether you can survive in the dimension will depend on your luck.”

“Since it’s so dangerous, it’s best I don’t go,” Zhou Wen said.

“You have been entrusted to do something, so how can you give up halfway?” The ice maiden paused and said, “Take the Heaven Shrouding Bell with you. Perhaps you will have a chance to walk to the place where Emperor of Shang is imprisoned alive.”

Zhou Wen never expected the ice maiden to say such words. He couldn’t help but be overjoyed, but in the next second, his heart palpitated as he felt that something was amiss.

When the ice maiden threw the Heaven Shrouding Bell at him, she suddenly shot out an ice beam. It was fast and ruthless, not inferior to the ice beam that had frozen the snake monster. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It’s really true that women are most vicious. Zhou Wen quickly teleported and forcefully escaped the ice maiden’s pursuit.

After rushing into the sea, Zhou Wen once again used the Eyes of Legacy to transform into an ocean dimensional creature. This time, although the ice maiden flew across the sky nearby, she didn’t discover him.

“You won’t be able to escape. This place isn’t Earth, nor does it belong to the dimension. There’s no way out. If you come out now, you can die a faster death,” the ice maiden said as she hung in the air, seemingly certain that Zhou Wen was nearby.

Zhou Wen naturally couldn’t answer her. To answer her was equivalent to exposing his location. A heartless creature like the ice maiden definitely wouldn’t let him off.

Without the Heaven Shrouding Bell on him, the ice maiden couldn’t tell the difference between Zhou Wen and ordinary dimensional creatures. Zhou Wen followed the dimensional creatures and gradually left the area.

However, these dimensional creatures seemed to have a territorial sense. They wouldn’t go far, so Zhou Wen had no choice but to transform into another dimensional creature. He traveled further and further, hoping to escape the ice maiden.

Zhou Wen turned into a fish swimming when he suddenly saw a blue glow appear in front of him. It was like a glowing sapphire. Zhou Wen took a careful look and realized that it was the blue scallop. Without realizing it, he had returned to the vicinity of the spring with the blue liquid.