Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 936: Ice Maiden’s Suggestion

The Demon God Catalog is a secret heritage of the Demon Sovereign. Only the royal family has the right to cultivate it. Furthermore, among the royal family, there are very few talented demons who have the chance of mastering the Demon God Catalog. As a human, it’s unlikely that he has seen the Demon God Catalog, much less master it...

The ice maiden was suspicious as she continuously struck the Mutated Demon Mother Clam that Zhou Wen had transformed into. However, the outcome was the same. Her strength was completely absorbed by the Mutated Demon Mother Clam.

It’s impossible for a human to master the Demon God Catalog... But he’s only at the Epic stage. How can he turn into the Mutated Demon Mother Clam and have its complete abilities... The ice maiden looked at Zhou Wen in surprise.

“From the looks of it, you can only leave an unwelcome guest like me behind.” Zhou Wen had absorbed a large number of ice beams and accumulated terrifying energy in his body. He could maintain his transformation for a long period of time. As for the ice maiden, she was probably helpless against him.

The ice maiden calmed down and asked Zhou Wen, “Have you practiced the demons legacy catalog?”

“So what if I’ve practiced it?” Zhou Wen didn’t deny it when he saw that the ice maiden could tell the origins of his ability.

Upon hearing Zhou Wen admit it, the ice maiden seemed to find it unbelievable. She asked, “You really mastered the demons’ legacy catalog?”

“Didn’t you see it already?” Zhou Wen said.

The ice maiden looked at Zhou Wen with a strange expression, momentarily at a loss.

That was the demon ancestors’ Essence Energy Art. Only royalty had the right to take a look at it. It was a cultivation technique that might be a problem to master. Zhou Wen, a human, had actually mastered the Demon God Catalog. If news of this were to spread, it would probably shock the entire demon race. Perhaps no demon would believe it.

Even the ice maiden couldn’t believe that Zhou Wen had mastered the Demon God Catalog. However, other than that Essence Energy Art, she couldn’t think of any other Essence Energy Art that could allow him to achieve such a transformation.

Previously, when the ice maiden heard Zhou Wen talk about how a student could surpass the teacher, she found it funny. But now, she didn’t feel like laughing at all.

It was unbelievable that a pure human had mastered the Demon God Catalog.

“Where did you obtain the Demon God Catalog?” The ice maiden didn’t continue attacking. She even exited her Terror form and asked Zhou Wen with a strange expression.

“Does this have anything to do with you?” Zhou Wen asked.

Although the ice maiden didn’t obtain an answer, she had some guesses. He’s only an Epic human. He can’t survive in the dimension, nor does he have the chance to mix with the dimension’s demons. It’s even more impossible for him to see the Demon God Catalog that only the demons’ royalty has the right to view. The only area he can come into contact with is Earth. Could it be that the legend is real?

Earth was in an ancient forbidden area. Even experts as powerful as the Demon Sovereigns couldn’t forcefully descend to Earth.

However, in the dimension, there was a legend that said that the ancient sealed land was the birthplace of the dimension. All dimensional creatures were born in the ancient sealed land.

However, that was only a legend without any evidence. Furthermore, powerful dimensional creatures didn’t believe that mighty existences like them would be born in such a low-level space.

Now, the ice maiden was beginning to suspect if the legend was real. Otherwise, how could Zhou Wen, a human from Earth, learn the Demon God Catalog?

Furthermore, if Earth wasn’t such a special place, why would the various races of the dimension be so concerned about Earth and constantly vie for control?

However, the ice maiden thought about it again. There had been several divine wars on Earth. Perhaps the Demon Sovereign’s bloodline that descended on Earth had brought the Demon God Catalog to Earth.

Regardless of the possibility, it was an unbelievable fact that Zhou Wen could master the Demon God Catalog.

The ice maiden looked at Zhou Wen and suddenly asked, “Are you interested in making a deal with me?”

“Tell me about it.” Zhou Wen was somewhat depressed. Although he could now avoid being killed by the ice maiden, he would still be trapped here if he couldn’t return to the volcanic region. He still couldn’t return to Earth.

If the ice maiden still wanted the fox core and could guarantee his return to Earth, Zhou Wen could only give it up. Even if he had to face the wrath of the Nine-Tailed Fox, it was better than being trapped here.

However, to his surprise, the ice maiden didn’t mention the core at all. “Give me the Demon God Catalog. I can give you the Heaven Shrouding Bell and take you to see the Emperor of Shang to help you finish what you need to do.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“You want the Demon God Catalog?” Zhou Wen was somewhat surprised. He never expected the ice maiden to make such a request.

“That’s right. As long as you give me the complete Demon God Catalog, I can guarantee that you will complete the mission. Furthermore, I can also send you to the Dragon Gods,” said the ice maiden.

“How do I know if you will keep your promise?” Zhou Wen constantly thought of various possibilities. He felt that he really had a chance of returning alive.

“I can help you finish everything first. When we are near the Dragon Gods, I’ll exchange the Heaven Shrouding Bell for your Demon God Catalog before you leave,” said the ice maiden.

Zhou Wen felt that the ice maiden’s suggestion was pretty good, but the problem was that he didn’t want to go to the Dragon Gods. Furthermore, he couldn’t produce the Demon God Catalog.

This was because the Demon God Catalog couldn’t be imparted with words. It was a picture. One had to look at the picture in order to comprehend the Demon God Catalog. It was an Essence Energy Art that could only be understood and not transmitted.

Even Zhou Wen, who had mastered the Demon God Catalog, couldn’t tell others how to cultivate the Essence Energy Art.

“All you need to do is give me an Essence Energy Art to obtain the Heaven Shrouding Bell and return unscathed. Aren’t you satisfied? Although you can transform into the Mutated Demon Mother Clam, you should know that the Demon Mother Clam’s strength can only guarantee that you won’t be killed by me. However, you have to know that as long as I leave this place and return to the demons, I can find a creature that isn’t a demon to kill you,” the ice maiden added.

Zhou Wen sighed and said, “I also want to make a deal with you. Unfortunately, an Essence Energy Art like the Demon God Catalog can’t be taught with words.”

The ice maiden became even more convinced when she heard that. Zhou Wen had indeed mastered the Demon God Catalog. She asked, “How did you master it?”

“I saw a demonic beast catalog somewhere. This Essence Energy Art was comprehended from the demonic beast catalog. It can only be understood and not transmitted. If you really want the Demon God Catalog, you can only take a look at it yourself,” Zhou Wen said.

“Where is the demonic beast catalog?” the ice maiden asked.

“Earth,” Zhou Wen answered.

The ice maiden revealed a difficult expression when she heard that. “Even the power of the Heaven Shrouding Bell can only pass through the buffer zone. It can’t enter Earth...”

“If you want to go, I have an idea,” Zhou Wen hurriedly said.