Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 978: Bronze Sparrow Sword

Translator: CKtalon

The characteristics of Sword Pill were very strange. Typical weapons or mobile Life Souls needed contact during usage for the injection of Essence Energy into the weapon.

Even if one could transmit Essence Energy across space, there would be a transmission path that resembled a ribbon.

However, Sword Pill was completely different. It seemed to have some spatial teleportation ability between it and Zhou Wen. Even if they were very far apart, Zhou Wen’s Essence Energy could instantly transfer into Sword Pill without loss. He couldn’t find any traces of transmission.

Be it control or Essence Energy delivery, there was no delay. This was very rare.

At the very least, Zhou Wen had never seen such an ability on other weapons.

Exploiting the characteristics of Sword Pill, Zhou Wen could attack from afar without any worries. It was almost the same as him attacking with a sword in hand.

Zhou Wen controlled the Sword Pill and constantly fought the ancient sword. His control over Sword Pill became stronger and stronger.

Unfortunately, Sword Pill was only an Epic Life Soul after all. It was still somewhat difficult to defeat a Mythical ancient sword.

During the battle, Zhou Wen discovered some strange phenomena. When he made Sword Pill use a particular sword intent, some swords in the Ancient Sword Tomb would react to the sword intent.

Different ancient swords would react to different sword intents.

The reaction to sword intent means that the ancient sword has a similar concept, which is why it resonates. Doesn’t that mean that I can use the sword intent on Sword Pill to determine which type of ancient sword it is? However, just judging the type doesn’t seem to be of much use. If only I could directly determine which sword is at the Mythical stage. As Zhou Wen fought, he observed the ancient swords that reacted.

After a while, Zhou Wen suddenly realized that perhaps he could really determine the level of the ancient sword through the sword intent resonance.

This was because low-level ancient swords had very weak sword intent resonance. They didn’t even have sword intents, so it was relatively difficult to trigger a resonance with them.

As for the stronger ancient swords, they were easier to trigger a resonance due to their stronger sword intents. These ancient swords were mainly at the Epic stage.

At a higher level, like the Mythical ancient swords, Zhou Wen’s sword intent had to be sufficiently high in order to trigger their resonance because their sword intents were extremely powerful. Therefore, it was relatively difficult.

Therefore, Zhou Wen came to a conclusion. Ancient swords that could easily resonate were typically at the Epic stage, with a small number at the Legendary stage.

As for the ancient swords that didn’t resonate easily, they were either the strongest Mythical ones, the weakest Legendary ones, or even Mortal ones. In any case, they were either the best or the worst. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Although he couldn’t distinguish it accurately, eliminating a large number of options was huge progress for Zhou Wen.

In the constant battle with the ancient sword, Zhou Wen had a strange thought. Since Sword Pill has already fused with 3,000 sword intents and can cause various types of ancient swords to resonate, it means that it has all sorts of different characteristics. Therefore, it’s clearly wrong for me to want to turn it into a particular sword. However, there’s no sword in the world that can be compatible with all characteristics. Then, can I make Sword Pill become a sword that’s suited for a particular sword intent when the respective sword intent is used?

Zhou Wen didn’t know if Sword Pill had such a transformation ability, but he decided to give it a try.

Zhou Wen didn’t know what kind of sword should be matched with what kind of sword intent, but with the Ancient Sword Tomb, it wasn’t a problem. All he needed to do was use one type of sword intent and pull out the ancient sword that resonated with it. Then, he could understand all the characteristics of the ancient sword through battle.

However, before that, Zhou Wen had to defeat the ancient sword with fire-elemental powers.

The ancient sword was extremely difficult to deal with. It was clearly difficult to defeat it with Zhou Wen’s sword techniques and strength alone.

Zhou Wen didn’t wish to waste any more time, so he summoned Tyrant Behemoth. With Tyrant Behemoth’s help, he quickly snapped the short sword.

‘Killed Mythical creature, Bronze Sparrow Sword. Discovered Companion Egg.’

Zhou Wen couldn’t help but be delighted. He didn’t have many fire-elemental Companion Eggs, and weapons were even rarer. This Mythical ancient sword was rather good and could be used.

After incubating the Bronze Sparrow Sword, Zhou Wen willed the red bronze short sword with a scabbard into his hand.

The Bronze Sparrow Sword had similar attributes with the Light Concealment Sword, but its Life Providence and Life Soul both had fire attributes. When it attacked, it came with fire attributes. This was something Light Concealment Sword didn’t possess.

The Bronze Sparrow Sword’s Wheel of Destiny was surprising. It wasn’t a Wheel of Destiny with offensive abilities, but the ability to be reborn from flames.

Even if the Bronze Sparrow Sword was destroyed, as long as its scabbard remained, it could use the flames in the scabbard to self-repair.

So the Bronze Sparrow Sword has such an ability. Thankfully, Tyrant Behemoth destroyed the sword and scabbard together. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been easy to kill it. Zhou Wen was quite appreciative of the Bronze Sparrow Sword.

However, after using it for a while, he realized that the sword was useless to him. Such a powerful fire attribute wasn’t suitable for sneak attacks. Also, Zhou Wen wasn’t good at fire-elemental sword techniques. It was not as relaxing using Sword Pill.

Yet, the advantages of the Bronze Sparrow Sword were very obvious. It was very effective against ice-elemental elements. Furthermore, it could be reborn from fire. It would be very useful at times.

Zhou Wen had no choice but to put away the Bronze Sparrow Sword. He would use it when he needed it in the future, or if there was a suitable opportunity. It wouldn’t be a bad idea to use it for fusion.

After he was done with the Bronze Sparrow Sword, Zhou Wen began his plan of matching his sword intent with the swords. He first used Sword Pill to trigger the ancient swords’ resonance before pulling out a resonating ancient sword. Through combat, he fully understood the sword’s characteristics.

Although Sword Pill didn’t change in the beginning, Zhou Wen realized that the matched sword intent became stronger during the battle.

Bored, Zhou Wen had nothing else to do other than grind dungeons in the Seven Seas Dragon King’s stomach.

Thankfully, there was plenty of food in the chaos space, so there was no need to be afraid of starving. Zhou Wen took out plenty of food and drinks and shared a portion with Miya.

In order to rest better, Zhou Wen even stored mattresses and other items. He even took out a player that had many movies and music stored in it for Miya to kill time.

When Miya saw that Zhou Wen was like a magical pocket that constantly produced all sorts of novel and strange things, she increasingly felt that he was different from the rest of humanity.

For the next few days, the Seven Seas Dragon King slept in the cave and didn’t see the male human again.

It was useless for Zhou Wen to worry. All he could do was get Tyrant Behemoth to open up a passageway while he constantly grinded dungeons to practice his sword techniques. He hoped to raise Sword Pill to a Perfect Body.