Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 981: Perfect Sword Pill

“A swordsman, a ferocious weapon. If the sword doesn’t move, it’s like a Buddha or an immortal. If the sword moves, it will slaughter Buddha and destroy immortals. If you lack the intent, why move the sword? If I were to strike, I would make the entire world my enemy,” Zhou Wen muttered to himself as he stared at Sword Pill in front of him.

Sword Pill emitted a blinding sword beam, and the ancient swords in the Ancient Sword Tomb hummed even louder.

Ancient swords tore out of the ground and flew out without anyone needing to pull them out. Countless ancient swords tore out of the tombs and charged at Zhou Wen and Sword Pill like a rain of swords. The turn of events was truly terrifying. Even the world changed color.

However, Zhou Wen wasn’t afraid. The baneful aura on Sword Pill surged as it circled around him. Any ancient sword that approached Zhou Wen was instantly sliced apart by Sword Pill.

Ancient swords rained down. Three feet around Zhou Wen’s body were filled with shards and broken handles, but there wasn’t a single sword within three feet. Only Sword Pill, which seemed as powerful as a god, culled all the swords in a shocking manner.

A dragon-like sword hum tore through the air. It was a white ancient sword with the aura of a wyrm on it. It was blinding as it transformed into a wyrm-like sword beam that streaked across the sky towards Zhou Wen.

The sword was clearly a Mythical weapon, a sovereign of swords.

However, Zhou Wen didn’t seem to take it to heart. He extended his hand and beckoned at the sword pill before coolly saying, “Sword, come.”

With that said, Sword Pill transformed into a stream of light that charged at Zhou Wen’s palm. When it landed in his palm, Sword Pill had already transformed into a real sword.

The sword was four feet long. The sword’s spine was straight and firm, like a gentleman’s back that never bowed. Blood patterns could be vaguely seen on the sword.

The Wyrm Sword slashed down in midair, but Zhou Wen didn’t retreat as he slashed out in defiance of the heavens.

Clang!

The wyrm-like sword beam was forcefully cleaved apart by the sword in Zhou Wen’s hand. The wyrm sword collided with the blade and was sent flying.

Hum! FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Another ancient sword tore out of the ground with a terrifying sword aura. The sword was wide and huge, and it was extremely heavy. When it slashed down, it was like a mountain pressing down on him. Its might seemed unstoppable.

Zhou Wen wasn’t afraid as he brandished his sword to meet it. However, the sword in his hand changed its appearance, turning into a soft azure sword.

The sword was as thin as cicada wings and as light as muslin.

When the two swords clashed, the sword in Zhou Wen’s hand wrapped around the heavy sword like silk. He used the momentum to fling the heavy sword away, causing it to slam into a large sword tomb.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

Terrifying ancient swords tore out of the grave one after another, bringing with them boundless sword beams as though they were determined to destroy Zhou Wen and the sword in his hand.

Yet, Zhou Wen showed no fear as he brandished his sword to meet the terrifying Mythical swords.

When Zhou Wen struck, the sword in his hand transformed into thousands of shapes. When facing any sword, his sword, sword moves, and sword intent would transform into a form that restrained the other party.

Although the other party was at the Mythical stage and was one level higher than him, Zhou Wen wasn’t at a disadvantage in battle.

From beginning to end, seven Mythical swords joined the battle. Zhou Wen single-handedly used his sword art to fight the seven swords without being at a disadvantage.

As Zhou Wen was engrossed in the battle, Sword Pill in his hand transformed into the shape of Bamboo Blade. He fused with the saber and used Immortal Slaying to slice through one of the Mythical swords.

However, due to his excessive strength and expenditure, he was killed by six Mythical swords before he could catch his breath.

Seeing the game screen turn black, Zhou Wen wasn’t vexed at all. Instead, he was delighted.

Without a doubt, his sword art had advanced to the Mythical stage, and his Sword Pill had also advanced to a Perfect Body.

Dripping a drop of blood to revive, he launched the game again and read the blood-colored avatar’s stats.

Indeed, Sword Pill had already advanced to a Perfect Body. Strangely, the name of Sword Pill didn’t change this time. It was still the words “Sword Pill.”

Among the Life Souls that changed their names during the first evolution, only Sword Pill didn’t change its name after the second evolution. It could be considered the only one.

Zhou Wen looked at his skill column and indeed, there was an additional Mythical sword art.

Heart Defying Sword: Mythical

Zhou Wen was very satisfied with the sword art. Although he knew quite a number of Mythical techniques, the only ones he had truly mastered independently were Transcendent Flying Immortal and the Heart Defying Sword.

Of course, the level given by the game wasn’t important to Zhou Wen. What was important was that he finally knew how to use a sword. Furthermore, it was a very special sword art.

As Sword Pill had advanced to a Perfect Body, his Strength attribute also reached 41 points. The only remaining attribute was Speed.

I never expected that despite being best at movement techniques, my Speed stat is the last to reach 41. Zhou Wen couldn’t help but sigh. Some things were simply out of his control.

If he were to choose, he would definitely raise his Speed attribute, but he failed to do so.

Thankfully, he only needed to raise Glimmer to a Perfect Body to raise his Speed stat to 41 points. If everything went well, he could use the Lost Immortal Sutra to advance to the Mythical stage.

Zhou Wen entered the Ancient Sword Tomb again. This time, he no longer had the mind of sword practice. However, with the Heart Defying Sword’s sword intent and Sword Pill, he had a good way of farming in Ancient Sword Tomb.

As long as he stimulated the Heart Defying Sword’s sword intent with all his might, he could trigger the myriad swords and get the Mythical swords to attack him.

Indeed, after Zhou Wen used the Heart Defying sword intent, the entire Ancient Sword Tomb boiled once again. The myriad swords resonated as many ancient swords automatically tore out of their tombs to kill Zhou Wen.

Unfortunately, they couldn’t pass Sword Pill at all. They were all sliced apart. Finally, the Mythical swords were activated. Unlike before, only six Mythical swords appeared.

Furthermore, the Mythical swords this time were somewhat different from the previous six.

Zhou Wen estimated that every time the Ancient Sword Tomb respawned, seven Mythical swords would appear, but the type of Mythical swords that appeared wasn’t fixed.

This time, Zhou Wen didn’t have any intention of practicing his sword intent. After luring out the Mythical swords, he activated his Mythical Companion Beast lineup. The six Mythical swords weren’t their match at all and were quickly killed.

Ding!

One of the Mythical swords dropped a Companion Egg.

From the looks of it, I’m really lucky. I just had a Bronze Sparrow drop not long ago. Now, there’s another one. Zhou Wen picked up the Companion Egg and was overjoyed when he saw it. It was Night Immaculate Sword.

Among the three famous swords in China, there was the high-grade Light Concealment, medium-grade Shadow Concealment, and low-grade Night Immaculate.

Now that Zhou Wen had the high and low-grade swords, he just lacked the middle-grade Shadow Concealment Sword.

If I can gather all three swords, I wonder if I can combine them into one? Zhou Wen thought to himself.

However, it wasn’t easy to have Shadow Concealment drop. It was unknown when it would drop. After all, the famous swords in the Ancient Sword Tomb were randomly respawned. He might not have Shadow Concealment Sword appear every time.