Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

“Is it that many?”

[They haven't trampled on worlds for long. But they're acting very passionately. 12 years. The time it took for 258 stars to fall.]

This meant that even as he was born and grew up on Earth, the worlds were disappearing one by one. Taesan scrunched his face.

“Why is that?”

[I don't know either. Those who have been defeated are pathetically struggling. What reason would I have to guess why?]

Lucifer scoffed. Her face showed disdain for the beings called High Gods. They clearly despised each other.

[But there are parts that I can guess.]

“…What is it?”

[The fact that they hate us.]

Taesan didn’t understand for a moment.

It was hard to think that hating the gods was a reason to trample a world. Moreover, Earth was a world where no particular god was visible.

Lucifer answered his question.

[They hate us. And we settled in the labyrinth. And the adventurers come into the labyrinth from each world.]

“…So, they want to trample the worlds that have the potential to enter the labyrinth?”

[Don't you think it's a plausible story?]

Lucifer shrugged her shoulders.

[I'm just speculating too. Unless you ask directly, you can't know if it's really like that.]

“But the possibility is high, right?”

Taesan remained silent. The fact that his world, the Earth, was collapsing because of a power struggle among the gods.

In the silence, Lucifer opened her mouth.

[Do you resent us?]

“The scale is too large to resent.”

Rather, there were no emotions.

Gods were beings that crushed even stars in their hands. It was similar to the feeling that a meteorite falling to Earth was dropped from the stars, colliding with each other. If there was a difference, it’s that there was intelligence in the meteorite.

Even if emotions were held in a meteorite, there was no thought of resenting the collided stars.

Lucifer spoke quietly.

[That's fortunate.]

“But I have more questions.”

Not all the questions were answered yet. But Lucifer raised her hand to stop Taesan’s question.

[That's all. I can't tell you anymore.]

“Why?”

[Because you're not yet qualified. It's enough service to tell you this much. I can talk about the rest after you've gone down further.]

There seemed to be a limit to what could be discussed depending on the floor. Taesan was still on the 20th floor. It was close to the starting floors if you were to put it into perspective.

“Well, thank you.”

[Are you leaving?]

“Because I have to go down.”

The business with Lucifer was over. Taesan looked at Lucifer. His gaze conveyed a request to return him to the labyrinth, but Lucifer looked at Taesan blankly.

“Lucifer?”

[You are strong.]

Lucifer began to speak out of the blue.

[But that's also a story from the lower floors. The more you go down, the stronger the enemies you encounter, and the trials of the gods are the same. Gods who don't care if you die will give you harsh trials.]

“Well, that’s…”

Even Lee Taeyeon almost died on nearly every floor after passing the 50th. Even without undergoing the divine trials, it was that dangerous, so it was likely to be hazardous for Taesan as well.

“Still, I’ll try. You’ve seen me, haven’t you?”

[Hmm.]

Lucifer tapped her cheek. She opened and closed her mouth repeatedly. After a dull moment,

Lucifer finally spoke.

[There is a way to make it easier.]

“Pardon?”

[A surefire way to become stronger.]

She stopped there and looked at Taesan with a grim expression.

At her strange gaze, Taesan realized.

“Are you suggesting the Apostle’s contract by any chance?”

[......]

Lucifer didn’t speak.

Taesan was flustered. That was because Lucifer told him that she wouldn’t give him the Apostle’s contract. She had said she had no intention of giving the Apostle’s position to someone who was not hers.

“I appreciate your suggestion, but I…”

[Who said it's an Apostle's contract!]

As Taesan tried to express his refusal, Lucifer yelled.

“Then what is it?”

[......]

Lucifer shut her mouth. She waved her hand nervously.

The space split and the path leading to the labyrinth opened.

[Go! If you say anything more, I'll burst your head!]

“Ah, yes.”

Taesan headed towards the opened space. Lucifer, who had been chirping, looked at the back of Taesan’s head and opened her mouth.

[And a final favor. You can use my name when you encounter a small fry in the labyrinth.]

“……Thank you.”

Taesan entered the space. The world started to turn around.

[I suppose it'll be okay once he gets the hang of it. He knows what a favor is, so he wouldn't dare to refuse.]

With an incomprehensible murmur, Taesan arrived in the labyrinth.

“What are you talking about?”

She was a god whose words were incomprehensible until the end.

Taesan looked around. It was the familiar sight of the labyrinth, which he had missed.

“Phew.”

Taesan sat down on the ground.

He was in the labyrinth after a long time. It felt as comfortable as returning home.

Having been with Annetsha, he had built up a bit of fatigue, so he took a rest for about two hours.

It was then that the ghost managed to recover from the shock since it murmured with a trembling voice.

[Are the gods... so strong?]

“Didn’t you know?”

[I knew they were strong. But I never imagined they could squish stars.]

The ghost gave a bitter laugh.

[Well, my past self feels shameful.]

“I also felt a little suffocated.”

Taesan had set the goal to become as strong as the gods. However, their real power was at the level of crushing stars. They didn’t even exert much power, so it was hard to estimate.

To catch up with that. At least for now, it was an infinitely remote goal.

“But that’s a story for later.”

Just as Lucifer had said, he was still a player of the lower layers. There was no reason to give up already.

He had received numerous rewards for clearing Lucifer’s quest. Taesan slowly began to verify them.

［Special always-on skill: Anti-Theology］ ［Proficiency: 2%］ ［The will to resist towards the gods. When facing entities directly related to gods, all stats increase. Willpower is not easily broken.]

A skill gained from dealing with Harmon’s angel. It was fittingly a stat increase when facing entities related to gods.

He didn’t know to what extent, but a stat increase was always welcome. The skill would be useful as the number of god-related entities would not decrease in the future.

The skill he gained from defeating the angel was not just Anti-Theology.

［Divine Power］ ［Proficiency: 0%］ ［The power of God. It is the grace bestowed when someone believes and follows. It doesn't seem to mean anything yet.]

“What could this be?”

［Who knows.］

The ghost also showed an ambiguous expression.

［Divine power is the power bestowed by God. In the end, it's a power that someone has to give, so what would it do by possessing it?］

“I don’t know.”

He would keep it for now. A day would come when he could make use of it.

And the purpose of accepting Lucifer’s quest. Black magic.

[Black Magic］ ［Proficiency: 1%］ ［You can use the magic of Demons. Use magic power to utilize Black Magic. The power and range vary depending on the magic power consumed. It seems that only basic power can be drawn for now.]

The description was a bit different from magic. The most different point was that the power and range varied according to the consumed magic power.

Taesan checked the black magic he had acquired by defeating Jagan.

［Elementary Black Magic: Marabas's False Flame］ ［Mana Consumption: 13］ ［Basic Magic Power Consumption: 5］ ［Proficiency: 1%］ ［Marabas the Demon. It summons an entity in the form of the flames that Marabas uses. The temperature, which can melt the sun, is quite furious, likely cooling ice and the like.]

Unlike normal magic, it was written as basic magic power consumption. It meant that if he wanted, he could consume more magic power.

‘Is it more free to utilize?’

While magic could be changed by magic explosion and magic acceleration, no influence could be given to the magic itself. Frost Arrow was Frost Arrow, no matter what he did.

Black Magic seemed a little different. Taesan continued to check the acquired skills.

［Special Always-on Skill: Pillage of Darkness］ ［Proficiency: 1%］ ［The energy of darkness is engraved in you. Every time you kill an enemy, you steal the darkness they possess.]

Lucifer had said that it was similar to the Proof of Victory from Balthasar. The fact that magic power naturally increased without him paying attention to it was a good thing.

［Title: The One Who Receives the Demon God's Favor］ ［A kind of proof given only to those they cherish. You can use and learn black magic. It is the first time a human who is not a demon has received this.] ［Magic Power + 5］

The title was ordinary. It seemed to be a kind of proof that allowed him to learn black magic from now on.

And lastly, the two black magics that Lucifer gave as a service.

［Elementary Black Magic: Decarabia's Distorted Life］ ［Mana Consumption: 12］ ［Basic Magic Power Consumption: 6］ ［Proficiency: 1%］ ［A demon, Decarabia, summons a distorted life. It seems that only pieces of roots that swallowed stars can be summoned.］

This was the black magic that Jagan had used. In the darkness, countless tree roots sprang out, restricting movement.

［Basic Black Magic: Raum's Emotional Manipulation］ ［Mana Consumption: 7］ ［Basic Magic Power Consumption: 3］ ［Proficiency: 1%］ ［A demon, Raum's emotional interference is used. It shows a dreadful illusion to the person who has been used. It seems to only show illusions within the range of human imagination for now.］

“Is this the end?”

This was all he had obtained for now. Taesan, who was organizing, realized something belatedly.

“I had this too.”

The golden dragon Balbenares had given him his own claw. Its color was also gold.

［Golden Dragon's Claw］ ［It is a part of the one who guards the world. It seems that only an exceptional person can handle it.]

There was one blacksmith he knew.

Taesan went up the labyrinth. The shop owner looked surprised when he saw Taesan.

“Did you… meet with the Demon God?”

“Do you know?”

“I can feel the power. It’s rare for the Demon God to acknowledge someone other than a demon…”

The surprised shop owner’s gaze went to the back of Taesan’s hand. There, the Demon God’s emblem was drawn.

The shop owner nodded as if he understood.

“They did a branding. I didn’t expect even the Demon God to do that?”

“Huh?”

“It’s not bad news for you.”

The shop owner waved his hand.

Apprehensively, Taesan went down and met the blacksmith.

“What is it?”

“I was wondering if this could be refined.”

Taesan held out the golden dragon’s claw. Hafran’s pupils, which had been calmly gazing at him, grew larger.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“……where did you get this?”

“Not from the labyrinth, but from elsewhere. I got it while clearing a quest. Is it possible to refine?”

Hafran groaned. He fumbled with the claw with a face full of admiration.

“There is something like this…… it’s interesting. If you’re asking if it’s possible, it’s possible.”

“Is there a condition attached?”

Hafran nodded his head.

“The law is that if the core ingredient is a dragon’s claw, then similar levels are required for other things. You might be able to barely get one if you go down about 10 more floors.”

It couldn’t be used right away. He accepted it calmly because he had expected this.

Lee Taeyeon also used several pieces of equipment related to dragons, most of which were part of her equipment when she came out of the labyrinth. It meant that it was equipment that could be obtained when clearing the Solo Mode.

“Then keep it. I’ll bring it when I find the ingredients.”

“I should be the one thanking you.”

Hafran looked at the claw with joyful eyes. With a blank look in his eyes, Taesan did not interfere any further and came down.

Finally, it was the 21st floor. According to Lee Taeyeon’s words, different monsters appeared on the 21st floor.

‘Spirits.’

Those were the monsters from the 21st to the 30th floor.