Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 167: Seoul (1)

As they moved forward, more and more monsters emerged.

However, people gradually became accustomed to dealing with the monsters, skillfully handling them and coordinating attacks to take them down.

For monsters of class C or higher, which the people couldnt handle, Taesan stepped in to defeat them.

Thus, they advanced without significant harm

Except for the two who overestimated themselves and lost their lives in reckless combat with the monsters.

Hope was evident on everyones faces, with a spreading expectation that they could drive out the monsters.

Kim Hwiyeons typically tense face even brightened a little.

If we keep this up, we might actually be able to reclaim Earth!

They were filled with hope.

Well

And Taesan, rolling a stone in his hand, smiled.

He had already experienced this pattern before.

The gods would throw unreasonable quests at the people, and death ensued if they failed to clear them.

However, there was no danger of death in the labyrinth if one did not descend.

The choice between the inherently dangerous Earth and the labyrinth, where safety was assured if the challenge was abandoned, was stark.

Worn down, the people gradually became fearful of returning to Earth.

Many decided to live in the labyrinth, abandoning the quest halfway.

But at some point, the current atmosphere was created.

The reason was simple.

There was no significant change in the strength of the monsters.

Over time, the players grew stronger, gaining skills and new equipment as they descended into the labyrinth.

Their growth was, literally, explosive.

But not for the monsters.

Of course, the monsters grew slightly stronger with each return, but their pace couldnt match the players growth.

Even the strongest monsters could not surpass a B-class level. As casualties decreased, the peoples territory expanded.

They harbored hope.

A false hope of defeating the monsters and reclaiming Earth.

In hindsight, it had been an obvious trap. How could a being powerful enough to swallow Earth only send monsters of B-class?

Yet, they were intoxicated with hope and failed to see the truth.

To reclaim Earth.

To rebuild civilization anew.

Holding that belief, everyone banded together.

Then, during the last special quest and the subsequent return, people from all over the world united to defeat the monsters and seal the rift in the sky.

They believed they had won.

Afterward, no more returns occurred.

People thought it was because they had triumphed. The ones who had cleared the labyrinth declared they would first till the land and rebuild civilization, urging everyone to return quickly, and they went back to Earth.

But that wasnt the case.

Taesan clenched his fist. The stone turned to dust and slipped through his fingers.

What Taesan saw when he returned to Earth, dreaming of the future, was the rift in the sky, open once again.

The monsters were now incomparably stronger.

And the world was dead and desolate.

By the time he emerged, there were hardly any survivors. Those who had cleared the labyrinth and returned first were all from the Easy and Normal Modes. Even when gathered together, they were no match for A-class monsters.

Though he hadnt checked in the rush to survive after clearing, it was likely that the situation was the same in countries other than Korea. Since Lee Taeyeon was the only one worldwide to have cleared Solo Mode, their downfall was likely.

Taesan twisted his lips.

The anger and hatred from that time still lingered in his body.

This time, it wont end the same way.

Taesan looked up at the sky.

Power was pulsing from the rift in the sky, just like before.

The high gods were trying to kill Taesan. They had even been ready to strike in the brief moment he was heading toward the space of the magic god so they wouldnt just watch quietly this time.

But Taesan was waiting, too.

Waiting for the high gods to make their move. And for the time to crush it.

And he had to prepare for that.

If this was the third return that Taesan remembered, he couldnt do everything alone.

After the move ended and everyone was resting that night, Taesan sparred with Lee Taeyeon and Kang Jun-hyeok.

Ugh!

The result was unchanged. Despite the duel having all abilities set equally, Lee Taeyeon and Kang Jun-hyeok couldnt even touch him.

Getting the hang of it?

Kang Jun-hyeok stared blankly at Taesan. Taesan clicked his tongue at that look.

Is it hard?

Ugh.

Kang Jun-hyeok hung his head low.

He still hadnt managed to increase his proficiency with the Ability Sword.

This is troublesome.

Taesan narrowed his eyes. After all, the Ability Sword was a swordsmanship technique ranked just below the highest class, even higher than the Stormscar Sword. He had anticipated it wouldnt be easy to master.

But neither Lee Taeyeon nor Kang Jun-hyeok were even getting a feel for it.

At this rate, they wouldnt learn it even after years.

Kang Jun-hyeok suffered in his own way.

He had confidence in his strength and overflowing talent, even if it was inferior to Taesans. He had descended the labyrinth without much trouble, and even the monstrously strong leaders acknowledged his talent, allowing him to strategize to the deepest levels.

Yet now, he couldnt even raise his swordsmanship proficiency by 1%.

It was a moment of shattered pride.

You guys learned Strong Blow and Flow Skill, right? How did you learn them?

Even if you ask how I dont remember

They had acquired them unconsciously during life-threatening battles with monsters. Taesan clicked his tongue after hearing the explanation.

Lets call it a day and try again tomorrow.

Okay

Understood.

They left with sullen faces. Watching them go, Taesan stroked his chin.

Is this how it usually goes?

[You used proficiency-boosting potions, so you wouldn't know. This is normal.]

I didnt have this issue with the Airak Weapon Technique.

The moment he learned the Airak Weapon Technique, his proficiency increased.

[The guy teaching the Airak weapon technique had 100% proficiency, right? Your situation is different. It'll be easier to pass on once you reach 100%, too.]

Hmm.

This was a problem.

He needed to pass on the Ability Sword at least before they reached Seoul and the first Wave began.

The ghost opened its mouth.

[There is one way.]

I also thought of one.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

It was a dangerous method.

But the risk was worth it.

Taesans eyes deepened.

The next day, they advanced again, defeating monsters and moving in formation.

And they managed to reach the Seoul City Hall.

Were here!

Hooray!

People shouted and celebrated joyously, with Kim Hwiyeons face especially bright.

Only two people had died during the journey, a number far less than initially expected.

Thank you, Taesan!

It was all thanks to Taesan. Whenever there was danger, he quickly intervened and handled it, limiting the casualties to just two.

Enough of that, lets go inside.

Yes!

The people rushed toward the city hall, but confusion spread across their faces as they approached.

Huh?

The building

Seoul City Hall was half-destroyed.

A man was waiting for them as they hesitantly approached the city hall.

Are you here?

A weary-looking middle-aged man greeted them at the entrance of the city hall, scanning them with an extremely tired face.

There are more than I thought. I expected only about half of this number.

The man directed his gaze at Kim Hwiyeon, who was at the forefront.

Youre Kim Hwiyeon, right?

Yes.

Kim Hwiyeon nodded calmly.

You must be Choi Baram. Ive heard a lot about you.

Then you must have heard that I hate that name.

Choi Baram frowned.

Id like to welcome the rare survivors but were not in a good situation ourselves.

Choi Baram gave a bitter smile.

So, I need to test you first to see if you have the right to enter Seoul.

Kim Hwiyeon wasnt surprised.

In Gyeonggi-do, each region fought for dominance. Seoul would be no different. It was natural to be wary of outsiders rather than welcoming.

Choi Baram turned his gaze.

Are you Kang Taesan?

Taesan affirmed.

Hello. Choi Pung.

..You know me?

Choi Baram was slightly taken aback. Choi Pung was a nickname his old friends used. It surprised him that someone he had never met knew it.

I heard about it occasionally on the Community.

There must be someone alive who knows. Theyre tough ones.

Choi Baram chuckled.

Of course, that wasnt true. Taesan knew because he had been directly asked by Choi Baram to call him Choi Pung.

A player of Normal ModeChoi Baram.

The ruler of Seoul.

He was one of those who had survived until the middle stage and led the others.

Choi Baram was a very selfish man. His own life was always his priority, and he wished to be the last survivor.

Thats why he became the master of Seoul.

He believed that leading people directly increased his chances of survival more than anything else.

He wasnt a bad person.

He managed people to the best of his ability to ensure his own survival. And regardless of his motives, many people survived because of him.

Ive heard a lot about you too. The strongest player, Kang Taesan.

Choi Baram scratched his cheek with an ambiguous expression.

I want to clarify this first, dont misunderstand me. Im very grateful to you. Not just me, but most people in Seoul are.

Choi Baram could descend deeper thanks to the imbued talents of struggle and death. Therefore, he was also grateful to Taesan.

But there were always those with different intentions. I couldnt suppress them forever.

Choi Baram stepped aside, and two men appeared behind him.

Kim Hwiyeon bit her lip.

You guys

They were Hard Mode players she knew, always harboring doubts about Taesan.

Sorry, sister. But we need to verify for ourselves.

The two men drew their weapons, their faces serious.

To see if he really has that much power.

They couldnt believe there was a human capable of defeating hundreds of them.

Kim Hwiyeon turned her gaze to Taesan. He gestured with his chin.

Its okay, step back.

Sorry.

You have nothing to be sorry for.

[Kang Taesan has initiated a non-lethal duel.]

Come at me if youre curious.

The two men lunged.

They soared in different directions, their swords swinging at Taesan, who extended his hands.

He caught the swords at their tips between his fingers.

Eh!

[Kim Min-su has activated Flow.]

As Flow activated, the trajectory of the sword twisted, trying to slip from Taesans grasp.

Taesan applied more strength to his hand.

He forcibly corrected the swords evasive trajectory.

Uh

Taesan threw a punch, and the two men were sent flying, crashing down.

[Kim Min-su takes 1,843 damage.]

In a lethal duel, it would have been fatal damage. Choi Baram swallowed hard.

Just like the rumors.

Are you satisfied now?

Taesan smiled faintly. A chill ran down Choi Barams spine.

He hadnt stopped the two men from attacking Taesan, not out of deceit, but there was a degree of intention behind it.

Having never witnessed Taesans power himself, there were many who doubted it. Some even mocked those who revered Taesan, questioning how they could worship someone they had never seen.

So, by bringing the two most doubtful as representatives and demonstrating Taesans power, he aimed to quell the unrest and confirm Taesans abilities.

And it seemed Taesan smiled as if he knew Choi Barams thoughts.

Dangerous.

Choi Baram swallowed. If he had acted with malice, he wouldnt have let this slide.

There will not be such incidents next time. For now, welcome. But do not expect Seoul to be what you hoped for.

Choi Baram smiled bitterly.

This place is completely ruined.