Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1308 The Crisis of the Xuantian Dao Sect

Translator: BornToBe

It had been over ten days since the battle at Devil Spirit Mountain. Countless experts were paying close attention to this matter as they made all kinds of guesses as to who had done this.

But on this day, an explosive piece of news spread. The main character behind this matter had been the Xuantian Dao Sect that had declined to the point that people had almost forgotten about it.

When they heard this news, people couldn’t believe it. The Xuantian Dao Sect had already declined. How could it possess such power?

Although they hadn’t seen the battle personally, just the aftermath and the remnant aura told them that it had been a chaotic battle of over ten thousand people. Just where had the Xuantian Dao Sect found so many experts?

Just as people were doubting this news, a photographic jade began to circulate through the Righteous path. When they saw the scenes of that battle, everyone’s jaws dropped.

The recording contained various parts of the battle. There was the Dragonblood Legion slaughtering the Corrupt path’s Foundation Forging disciples like predators hunting prey.

Meng Qi, Tang Wan-er, Wilde, and the other heavenly geniuses had even stepped foot on the Soul Transformation battlefield with a group of Kings. They had slain consecutive Soul Transformation experts.

Yue Zifeng’s attacks had been exceptionally stunning. Those powerful Soul Transformation experts had been unable to receive a single blow from him.

And then there was Long Chen fighting a rank nine Celestial in the air. That was a clash of peak geniuses that shook them all.

Just witnessing this recording caused everyone’s hearts to pound. The twists and turns of the battle had made them sweat for the Xuantian Dao Sect.

But in the end, the Xuantian Dao Sect had still managed to win. When they saw Long Chen being cursed by Gui Yan’s Underworld Soul Blood Curse, they all felt pity for him.

The Underworld Soul Blood Curse was something all the senior cultivators of the Righteous path knew of. It was a curse of definite death. There was no way to resolve it.

Huge waves immediately began to soar. The Xuantian Dao Sect’s power shook them all.

Just how had a declined sect managed to raise a terrifying group of disciples like the Dragonblood Legion?

It had to be known that just raising one or two geniuses on that level would require a sect to spend a huge amount of effort and resources. But the Xuantian Dao Sect had managed to raise a huge group of them without anyone knowing.

At the same time as they were shocked, their guards were also raised. The Dragonblood Legion was already so terrifying now. How much more frightening would they be once they advanced to the Jade Core realm or even the Soul Transformation realm?

With their talent and power, fighting across realms was as easy as eating to them. The people all felt a chill.

Not long after this news, another bit of information spread. Right before that battle, the Xuan Master of the Xuantian Dao Sect had used the Reincarnation Mirror to kill Pill Valley’s expert, Dan Sheng, as well as a group of ancient race experts.

This news was equally shocking. Just what was the Xuantian Dao Sect planning? They actually dared to offend Pill Valley and the ancient races. Were they mad?

Then a third piece of news followed: Long Chen was a variant Heaven-Seizer.

This news said that Long Chen was definitely a Heaven-Seizer, but he was different from the Heaven-Seizers that had appeared in history. He bestowed the power he stole from others to the people by his side.

The slain Celestials had their Heavenly Dao seeds extracted by Long Chen to be given to his people. That was why the Dragonblood Legion existed.

This news even contained information of Long Chen’s growth and his experiences in the Eastern Wasteland. They had investigated all of it.

Originally, they had only been a group of over three hundred people who had been nothing more than ordinary cultivators. Now those people had advanced to become rank five Celestials. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

This news was absolutely stunning. This was a heaven-defying ability that terrified countless people.

Long Chen became an existence that all those sects feared, as this kind of ability naturally made people uneasy. Many of them thanked their luck that Long Chen had been cursed by the Underworld Soul Blood Curse. He was definitely doomed to die, so they were comforted.

And yet, before they could even relax, another piece of explosive news spread: Long Chen hadn’t died. He was still alive and well, while the Dragonblood Legion had all advanced to the Jade Core realm. Furthermore, their Celestial ranks had advanced once more.

This news shook the entire Righteous path. Just the Dragonblood Legion of rank five Foundation Forging Celestials had been terrifying enough.

Now they had become rank six, rank seven, and even rank eight Celestials. Were they trying to go against the heavens?

Now the sects were no longer able to just continue watching. Those sects that had once suppressed the Xuantian Dao Sect were especially uneasy.

After declining, the Xuantian Dao Sect had been suppressed and humiliated countless times. Countless sects had hit them while they had been down.

There was a good expression: it was hard to send coal in the snow, but easy to throw rocks at someone who fell down a well. Once a sect declined, even the sects that had had good relations with them would stab them in the back, let alone the sects that had enmity with them.

The Xuantian Dao Sect’s forceful rise caused countless people to feel uneasy. At this time, Pill Valley and the ancient races announced that they would go to the Xuantian Dao Sect to get an accounting for this matter in three days.

Countless people added in their own opinions, condemning the Xuantian Dao Sect as criminals that needed to be put down.

Countless sects expressed their support for this. One reason was to suck up to Pill Valley, while another reason was their selfishness. They refused to allow the Xuantian Dao Sect to rise.

These sects had had past relationships with the Xuantian Dao Sect or simply hadn’t been too friendly with them in the past few years. They were afraid of the Xuantian Dao Sect’s rise, so they didn’t hesitate to join the army condemning them.

“You idiots, ignoring whether or not he really is a Heaven-Seizer, he has killed countless Corrupt experts from the Eastern Wasteland to the Central Plains. Just how much merit has he made to the Righteous path?

“So what if he’s a Heaven-Seizer? Isn’t he a disciple of the Righteous path? You’re just doing this because you’re jealous. It’s despicable.”

There were always some voices that spoke out against this injustice, but they were drowned out by countless other voices.

“Long Chen is a crazy homicidal devil. Who knows whether or not he’ll kill Righteous disciples to raise his power?”

“How do you know he only killed Corrupt experts to raise the Dragonblood Legion? Each year, countless geniuses of the Righteous path die. It’s very likely that many were killed secretly by Long Chen! We can’t leave such a scourge!”

“Exactly, he’s a future disaster for the Righteous path. The stronger he gets, the more dangerous he becomes. We have to nip this in the bud right now, or it’ll affect the unity of the Righteous path.”

The condemnation of Long Chen filled heaven and earth. Long Chen had been described as an irredeemable fiend. Apparently, he was only in the Righteous path as a cover-up. Once he was stronger, he would cause a calamity for them, so he had to be gotten rid of now.

There were many sharp people in the Righteous path who saw through the truth. But the absolute majority chose to wisely look after themselves.

Only a small portion had some hot blood left and spoke up for Long Chen. But that portion was pitifully small. It was impossible to hear their voices in this world.

And the majority of those people were youngsters without much status behind their words. No one bothered with them. In fact, others thought them to be fools and scoffed at them.

But in any case, there was definitely a huge storm brewing. Not only did people feel terrified of Long Chen, but there was even a mysterious hand controlling public opinion behind the scenes. Someone was adding fuel to the fire.

Any old foxes could tell that it was Pill Valley. It seemed that Pill Valley was truly enraged this time and was preparing to use the Xuantian Dao Sect to show the cultivation world their power.

By making the Xuantian Dao Sect the public enemy of the Righteous path, Pill Valley would have an excuse to target them. Many people could already smell the scent of blood coming. A calamity was coming for the Xuantian Dao Sect, and it was very likely that it would forever disappear after this storm.

Within the Central Plains, if Pill Valley wanted to target a sect, only a few sects could stand up to them.

Now that Pill Valley was raising its blade at an ancient sect like the Xuantian Dao Sect, countless experts were watching in the dark.

Experts from every large sect began to approach the Xuantian Dao Sect. Whether it was sucking up or just watching the fun, they wanted to see what the Xuantian Dao Sect would do. Just how would a sect whose inheritance stretched back countless years act in the face of its death?

A surge of experts gathered around the Xuantian Dao Sect. The wind was raging right before the storm arrived.

As for within the Xuantian Dao Sect, the Dragonblood warriors all began to exit their seclusion one by one. There was a sharp light in their eyes. Becoming Kings made them feel reborn.

Long Chen spent these days leisurely. He distributed the Ancestral items he had obtained in Devil Spirit Mountain. Gu Yang almost fainted from joy when he received an Ancestral item spear.

Li Qi and Song Mingyuan were given two truncheons. Now that they had reached the Jade Core realm, they should be able to use their energy to activate Ancestral items. Although it would just be a bit of an Ancestral item’s full power, that was already terrifying enough.

There had originally been eight Ancestral items to distribute, but Long Chen had detonated two of them. However, now Wilde and Yue Zifeng didn’t need weapons. So the sword he had been planning to give to Yue Zifeng was instead given to Guo Ran. That way, all the captain-class figures in the Dragonblood Legion would have an Ancestral item.

Guo Ran said that this sword was Yue Zifeng’s, but he would temporarily look after it. He could study it, because he was in the midst of studying how to forge Ancestral items.

Last time, his huge crossbow had been destroyed from a single attack by Gui Yan. One reason was because that attack had also contained Tang Wan-er’s power, which gave it extra destructive power, but another reason was because his forging technique was still too lacking. When he had launched that first arrow, it had caused an accidental backlash that had destroyed a portion of the crossbow’s runes. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have exploded.

After distributing the weapons, Long Chen also distributed the medicinal wine he had obtained from the Wine God Palace. The wine was perfect for consolidating their cultivation bases.

There was also another jug of wine that he gave to Li Tianxuan. That was the wine personally made by the High Priest. If anyone below the Life Star realm drank it, it would be an absolute waste.

The next two days, Long Chen drank and made merry with everyone. They were in the midst of drinking and eating when a cold shout resounded throughout the Xuantian Dao Sect.

“I am Pill Valley’s law enforcer, Zhuo Tianxiang! I demand the Xuantian Dao Sect’s sect master to come out and face me!”