Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1409 World Tree

Translator: BornToBe

The primal chaos space’s black soil was poison to trees, and the only existence that could survive in it was the Heavenly Dao Tree. It would be a powerful killing tool in this upcoming battle.

Long Chen asked the Spirit Queen when the Dragonblood warriors would awaken. She said that it would take over ten days.

Thinking about it, he had the Spirit Queen gather all the spirit warriors that were fighting on the battlefield.

The Spirit race clearly didn’t understand battle tactics. Continuing like they had been would just make things worse for them.

They were basically sending themselves to their enemies. Hence, it was better for them to all return to the Forest of Life and solidify their defenses.

Once the spirit warriors retreated, there was no way the Corrupt path or the ancient races would dare to attack the Forest of Life.

According to the Spirit Queen, the Dark Forest had taken over ninety percent of the Spirit World. Eliminating the Forest of Life was just a matter of time.

The only reason the Dark Forest hadn’t eliminated them was because they were using the Forest of Life as a gambling chip to cooperate with the Martial Heaven Continent’s powers.

If the spirit warriors retreated and took a solid defense, the experts that had come from the Martial Heaven Continent wouldn’t be able to capture them.

That way, there would be nothing they could do to the Forest of Life, and that would force the Dark Forest to launch an attack.

However, retreating was still the best option, as it would take some time before the Dark Forest launched their attacks. That was enough time for Long Chen to do many things.

Long Chen was grateful that the Spirit Queen acted according to his orders. As soon as she heard his recommendation, she used the Life God Tree’s energy to alert all the spirit warriors to fall back.

Because they were the fruit of the Life God Tree, there was no need for them to communicate with words. They all came from the same source, and communicating through the Life God Tree was much more convenient than through their mouths.

The spirit warriors gathered, and the powerful Magical Beasts went to guard the border of the Forest of Life. If anyone dared to approach, they would be directly killed.

After arranging this, he asked the Spirit Queen for a powerful Magical Beast to use as a steed, and he stealthily left the Forest of Life. He was searching for something called the World Tree.

The World Tree was the most ancient tree species in the Spirit World. It was the first kind of tree to exist after the Spirit World was formed.

First came the World Tree, then came the Forest of Life. According to the Spirit Queen, even the Life God Tree only came later. The World Tree was an extremely miraculous existence.

It was said that its longevity was equivalent to this world’s. As long as this world didn’t die, the World Tree would exist forever. It was the existence with the greatest life energy.

Originally, the Spirit World had possessed a huge forest of World Trees. Unfortunately, they were devoured by the Dark Forest, and there were no longer any World Trees in this world. But if he was lucky, he would be able to find the seeds of the World Trees.

The forest where the World Trees had once thrived was his target. He wanted to plant a huge forest of World Trees.

The primal chaos space would not allow things with their own minds to be planted within it. The branches of the tree demons or the spirit trees would simply turn into life energy when he planted them. He also tried a budding branch from the Life God Tree, but it could not be planted in the primal chaos space.

Long Chen had dreamed of planting a forest of Life God Trees in the primal chaos space. Then he would possess an undying body. But that dream had been destroyed.

So he had switched targets to these so-called World Trees. It was said that they were also huge and possessed immense life energy. It was due to their immense life energy that they were devoured by the Dark Forest as nourishment. Because of it, the Dark Forest had strengthened to the point that they began to overpower the Forest of Life.

When Long Chen heard that, Long Chen couldn’t help being speechless. The Forest of Life’s creatures were innately kind, but their heads...

Long Chen left behind a huge amount of primal chaos soil for the Life God Tree. In any case, the primal chaos space was three million miles wide. He could bring out as much of this soil as he wanted.

The Spirit Queen gave Long Chen a flying Magical Beast. It was an Azure Scale Blood Eagle, an eleventh rank Magical Beast. Its body was covered in azure scales, but its eyes were the color of blood.

The Azure Scale Blood Eagle was extremely fast, and it brought Long Chen out of the Forest of Life very quickly. Long Chen saw large swaths of spirit warriors currently retreating to the Forest of Life.

Once they were out of the Forest of Life, the Azure Scale Blood Eagle sped up. In just a day, Long Chen saw a region of space rippling like it was a huge waterfall.

Although he was so far away, he could still see the space there twisting. But the instant he looked closely, his hair stood on end. He sensed a terrifying pressure.

“This is the Ancient Battlefield?”

Long Chen was deeply shaken. Even from this distance, it gave off such a terrifying pressure. It was worthy of being a place a Sovereign had once fought.

Primal chaos raged in this location, and the laws of heaven and earth were constantly being torn to shreds. There was no way for this part of the world to heal.

A battle from tens of thousands of years ago had left such scars even after so much time. A Sovereign was truly an untouchable existence.

“First, get the World Trees. Then I’ll come back and see what I can do here.”

Long Chen felt a blazing desire as he looked at this distance space. Perhaps he would be able to obtain something from that place.

The Azure Scale Blood Eagle continued flying. This battlefield was so huge that even with its speed, it took a full day before he saw a dark forest.

“Many thanks. You can go back.” Long Chen jumped off quite some distance from the dark forest. He went off on his own. Magical Beasts possessed powerful life auras and would be easily sensed.

As soon as Long Chen entered this forest, he felt unnatural. If the Forest of Life was like a pure spring, then the Dark Forest was like muddy sewer water.

He suppressed his aura, as this forest was filled with countless powerful tree demons. They were normally sleeping and looked like ordinary huge trees. But once they were woken, they would attack.

He definitely didn’t want to wake them, and so he carefully advanced. After two days, he reached a mountain valley.

A smile appeared on his face. He had reached his target. The place where the two mountains met to form the valley was precisely where the forest of World Trees had once been.

But this mountain valley was so huge that it took him four hours to arrive at the end of it.

He was greeted by a huge mountain. When he jumped to the crown of a tall tree and looked into the distance, he gasped.

This was a cemetery for trees. Countless giant trees were lying on the ground.

The trees were so huge that there was no way to see their end. The roots of tree demons were piercing them, like they were fallen trees with mushrooms growing out of them.

These tree demons were many miles tall, but when compared to the fallen trees, they looked wholly insignificant.

This cemetery of fallen trees gave Long Chen a chill. Although he had been prepared, he hadn’t expected them to be so giant. There was no doubt that these fallen trees had to be World Trees.

He went over to one of the World Trees. Touching the trunk, he shook his head. This World Tree’s life energy had already been sucked dry. The inside was completely rotten.

Long Chen continued to go deeper. The World Trees were hundreds of miles long, but unfortunately, even their buds were corroded and dead. There was no fruit or seed for him. He even checked the surrounding ground, but he didn’t find anything. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

After a couple of hours, Long Chen’s heart was cold. So much time had passed since these World Trees had died. They didn’t have the slightest trace of life within them. Even the primal chaos space couldn’t revive them.

Even a withered branch, as long as it possessed the slightest bit of life energy, could be revived by the primal chaos space. Unfortunately, there wasn’t even the slightest bit of life here.

However, Long Chen was still unwilling to leave things as they were. He expanded his search. Finding World Trees was crucial to him.

“This damn Dark Forest,” cursed Long Chen. He had found a fruit of the World Tree. It was a thirty-meter sphere with a hard shell.

Yet, roots had still pierced its body and extracted all its life essence. In other words, this fruit was also garbage.

In his fury, Long Chen summoned a batch of flames that incinerated these tree demons. Clearly, these tree demons had already sucked away everything from these World Trees.

Right now, he was hoping to find just a single seed. But he didn’t feel much hope anymore.

Despite how infuriated he was, he had to continue searching. Although his chances were low, he had to go through this entire forest.

Just as his heart was ice-cold, he saw over ten huge trees in the distance.

“They... they couldn't be, right?” Long Chen rubbed his eyes, thinking they were broken. Those giant trees were definitely World Trees. Although they were withered, they hadn’t collapsed.

His heart began to pound. As long as they hadn’t collapsed, perhaps they still possessed the slightest bit of life.

Long Chen hastily rushed over. He saw that there were eighteen World Trees in a ring.

His heart was pounding harder and harder. He saw two of the World Trees had lots of fruit growing on them. That meant there was a very high chance they still had some life.

However, just as he was rushing over, a sense of alarm washed over him. He immediately stopped. He saw a willow tree in the middle of the World Trees.

The willow tree was just three thousand meters tall. In front of the World Trees, it was absolutely miniscule.

The main trunk of the willow was covered in scales that emitted an ancient air. Its leaves looked like the hair of a young woman. When the breeze blew by, the leaves lit up with divine light. But that light also hid a fierce kiling intent that made Long Chen’s hair raise.

“It has actually monopolized these eighteen World Trees.” Long Chen couldn’t help being shocked as he noticed the strange roots coming out of the willow.