Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1579 Huge Waves

Translator: BornToBe

The waves caused by the Dragon Slaughtering Convention spread far and wide, going from the Eastern Xuan Region to the entire Martial Heaven Continent.

This Dragon Slaughtering Convention, which was supposed to be a simple competition amongst the junior generation and shouldn’t have caused any reaction at all, had ended up drawing in the majority of the Eastern Xuan Region’s sects, as well as three Netherpassage experts.

Netherpassage experts were rare even within the entire continent. They were figures that could shake the continent.

It wasn’t just because they were so powerful themselves. Another reason was because Netherpassage experts could unleash the greatest power from divine items. They could cause irreparable damage to the very land.

Netherpassage experts would rarely ever reveal themselves. However, three of them had now appeared at once. How could that not be shocking?

Who would have thought that the Xuantian Dao Sect, which had declined to the point that it had been about to be wiped out by the flow of time, would actually revive and give rise to a Netherpassage expert?

The Xuantian Dao Sect was like a lion that had been slumbering for countless years that had awoken with a roar to express that it was awake again, and no one could stop it.

Even the Martial Heaven Alliance had been tidied up by Qu Jianying. The people that Pill Valley had snuck into the alliance were all slain. She didn’t give Pill Valley any face.

Of the ones who were bribed by Pill Valley, those with heavy offenses were directly slain, while those with light offenses were told by Qu Jianying that she would see how they acted in the future. During this time, if they didn’t act properly, they would be expelled.

Qu Jianying’s tidying of the Martial Heaven Alliance was quick as lightning. Her means were ruthless.

At the same time, Qu Jianying sent a message to the Corrupt path, ancient races, ancient family alliance, Bloodkill Hall, and Xuan Beasts: any power, any expert that had wanted to challenge could do so as long as they were within the same realm. Even if they were to kill Long Chen, she wouldn’t make a sound. However, if anyone were to bully him with a higher cultivation base or despicable means, then just like the Dragon Slaughtering Convention, that person would have to face her fury.

Her words were very domineering. She didn’t say that they would have to face the Martial Heaven Alliance’s fury; no, she said that they would have to face her fury.

That was what made her words even more domineering. Like that, she wouldn’t be restricted by her status as head of the Martial Heaven Alliance. In her eyes, even having to give up her position was worth it to beat people who offended her to death.

The Xuantian Dao Sect now had a Netherpassage expert, and had recruited tens of thousands of geniuses. They had become the strongest force in the Eastern Xuan Region.

Furthermore, they had the support of the Martial Heaven Alliance’s leader, while Long Chen was also closely connected to the Wine God Palace and the Huayun Sect. Who could possibly find trouble for him now? If Long Chen didn’t go find others for trouble, others would have to light incense in thanks.

When it came to fame, within the Eastern Xuan Region, no one, young or old, could compare to Long Chen. Although there was no way to say that there wouldn’t be someone more famous in the future, his level of fame was precedented.

What caused even more waves was that Long Chen had cleared up the name of the Spirit World, saying that they weren’t traitors. It was the human race that owed a great debt to the Spirit World.

When he had said this, both Qu Jianying, the head of the Martial Heaven Alliance, and the old Xuan Master of the Xuantian Dao Sect had been present when he had said this, but neither of them had said anything. They had clearly given their tacit approval of his words.

That sparked a huge debate in the Martial Heaven Continent. Some people believed that Long Chen was intentionally lying to give himself a just reason for his actions. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

However, the majority disagreed with that view. History was unclear, but they had eyes, and they had personally witnessed Long Chen’s character. Such a person would disdain lying.

Although the name of the Dragon Slaughtering Convention ended up satirical with its conclusion, it had still been an inspiring fight. This had been a truly world-shaking fight, a battle of top heavenly geniuses.

However, some people were unable to find inspiration from it. Other than Pill Valley, the Corrupt path, the ancient races, the ancient family alliance, and the Xuan Beasts, the ones who actually had it the worst off was the Grand Han Ancient Nation.

Their capital had been destroyed. However, what was worse than that was that due to the collision of divine items, everything within ten thousand miles had become a land of death.

Other than Celestials, no one else could approach that area. Let alone ordinary people, even Xiantian experts would be crushed by the pressure if they entered there.

If it was just the ruined land, then that would be one thing. The Grand Han could also build a new capital.

However, what caused the Grand Han to despair was that somehow, someone had set up a formation in the capital that had sucked up the majority of their dragon vein energy to power the barrier.

Originally, Sha Guangyan had promised that this barrier would be used at a critical moment to capture Long Chen. It was supposed to be a small formation.

However, this small formation had become a peerless, giant formation that had sucked away the Grand Han’s dragon vein energy.

This so-called dragon vein energy was similar to a sect’s heaven and earth divine spring. It was condensed of karmic luck. Without the protection of their dragon vein, the Grand Han was in danger of crumbling at any moment.

If the Grand Han could gather the hearts of the commoners, they could rebuild a capital and construct a formation. In a hundred thousand years, they might be able to give birth to a new dragon vein.

However, in order to curry favor with Pill Valley, the Grand Han had provoked the disgust of the commoners, even giving their capital to Pill Valley. Originally, the plan was to use Pill Valley’s power to execute Long Chen, and then gain powerful helpers to devour the Grand Xia, Grand Zhou, and Grand Chu.

The commoners were driven away, and the formation was constructed all for Pill Valley.

However, rather than currying favor, their plan exploded in their faces. Their dragon vein was destroyed. Even the secular world, that signified that this dynasty had reached its end.

The Grand Han’s imperial family had never treated their commoners particularly well. They only cared about themselves.

As for the commoners, their requirements weren’t very high. They just wanted a place where they could live in peace, away from fighting and killing.

However, not caring about that, the imperial family had still tried to use Pill Valley to devour the other ancient nations.

However, now Pill Valley was ‘investigating’ just who had sneak attacked the Xuantian Dao Sect and had no time to bother with them. Furthermore, the Grand Han had lost its value to them. Pill Valley kicked them aside mercilessly. Politics were just that heartless

Even the commoners could clearly see Pill Valley’s indifference towards them. However, the imperial family was lost in the stories and legends that they themselves had constructed, resulting in them thinking that they could use Pill Valley to unite the four nations and dominate the land.

As the news of the Dragon Slaughtering Convention spread, countless commoners began to migrate from the Grand Han to the Grand Xia, Grand Zhou, and Grand Chu.

They had lost hope in their nation. Not only had they lost their dragon vein, their arrogant provocation of the other three nations when backed by Pill Valley would definitely result in those three nations now unleashing their anger on them. Furthermore, considering Long Chen’s relationship with the Grand Xia, the results were clear.

In the eyes of the commoners, the Grand Han’s imperial family had been too disappointing. On the other hand, the Grand Xia’s imperial family had actually endured the Grand Han’s constant provocations to keep their commoners safe. That made them want to move even more

Furthermore, the Grand Xia, Grand Zhou, and Grand Chu all gave the new immigrants a new space in their territory, making them endlessly grateful.

This was the style of a real grand nation. Rather than targeting the innocent commoners, they knew that their real enemy was only the Grand Han’s imperial family.

More and more people left the Grand Han. There were also some people who didn’t want to leave who rose in revolt. Groups of experts began to gather in various locations, forming their own revolutionary parties who wanted to overthrow the current imperial family.

The Grand Han was thrown into chaos. Even without the other three ancient nations doing anything, the imperial family was already viewed as the enemy of the Grand Han. Some parts of the imperial family’s army also switched sides at the last minute. In the end, the Grand Han’s imperial family was overthrown in less than a month.

When the imperial family’s heads were cut down, they were shown as a symbol to the people. Their bodies were also ripped apart by the five horse punishment.

Although the imperial family had been overthrown, the various powerful revolutionary parties all wanted to take the throne, resulting in another huge internal battle that lasted three years.

When the new ruler was established, the Grand Han had been fighting internally for so long that its core was badly damaged. It no longer had the power to revive itself. It lost the qualifications to challenge the other three ancient nations.

...

Going back in time, Long Chen and the others finally returned to the Xuantian Dao Sec’s land. When they saw the desolate battlefield, quite a few disciples became gloomy. Some even began to cry, holding back their sobs.

Although Li Tianxuan had reacted quickly at that time, the outer region of the Xuantian Dao Sect which belonged to the workers and commoners had been destroyed in the first instant by the attacks of multiple divine items.

Many of the outer sect disciples that had survived came from that region of the commoners. Their families had been there. Seeing the battlefield, they were full of pain and hatred.

“Alright, don’t cry. Senior apprentice-brother Long Chen already got revenge for us. I’m sure they’ll be able to rest in peace in the yellow springs. What we need to do is properly cultivate and defeat anyone who dares to provoke us just like senior apprentice-brother Long Chen,” comforted someone.

As people comforted them, their mournful expressions improved slightly. Suddenly, the sky shook. Everyone hastily looked up.

A huge mountain landed on the ground. That was the Xuantian Dao Sect’s main peak. It had been collected by the Xuantian Tower. The main peak had the founder’s statue, and they could not allow it to be damaged.

Once the main peak fell, divine light flowed through it. It was possible to see visible fluctuations flowing towards the statue.

Li Tianxuan smiled with gratification. Those fluctuations were karmic luck. There was an incredible amount of heaven and earth divine spring currently condensing. The Xuantian Dao Sect’s rise was unstoppable.

The old Xuan Master looked at that divine light flowing across the statue. The statue seemed to be blossoming with life. He sighed, “Now that I look back, it seems I was always wrong. Tianxuan, I should have given the Xuantian Dao Sect to you sooner.”

“Master, this was all fated. It has nothing to do with you or me. Long Chen was the main point,” said Li Tianxuan.

They both looked at Long Chen. The Dragonblood Legion had already set up a huge wine table. Long Chen was already starting a celebration with all the disciples.