Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1598 Butterfly Woman

Translator: BornToBe

The small boat sped along. Only once Long Chen was trying to paddle did he find that this lake caused his paddling speed to lessen dramatically.

“Hmph, I refuse to accept this.” Long Chen made another paddle on the boat and then began paddling with all his might. The paddles looked like wheels as he spun them, and the small boat almost started flying as it bounced along the water.

With his speed increased, he quickly left the black lake and arrived at an orange lake. In this region, it was like gravity had suddenly lightened, and as a result, his quick paddling caused his boat to fly into the air.

“It seems each region represents a different law. Whatever, getting the white water is more important. Time is definitely different here. If a hundred years passed in the outside world while I’m in here, that would be bad.”

It was impossible to sense the flow of time here. Although a hundred years was a bit exaggerated, if a few years had passed when he returned, then who knew what could have happened? The Xuantian Dao Sect was still surrounded by powerful enemies.

Long Chen quickly crossed the orange lake. When he flew over the bridge of floating logs, a lifeform was swaying on top of it, and it looked like it couldn’t maintain its center of gravity.

When it saw Long Chen’s boat fly over it, it let out a startled cry and almost fell in.

Long Chen left the orange region and entered the violet region. As soon as he did so, he sensed something. He hastily put away the boat and stepped onto the lake. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Countless lightning runes appeared on the surface of the lake. With five-colored lightning wrapped around him, Long Chen directly ran across it.

This violet lake actually contained thunderforce. With his own five-colored lightning, this thunderforce was unable to do anything to him.

However, he still felt a stinging sensation on his feet. That made him very curious. His thunderforce was one of pure Yang power, while the lake’s thunderforce was a strange Yin lightning. A portion of its power was able to bypass the protection of the five-colored lightning. However, it wasn’t even an injury, just a stinging sensation. Although Long Chen couldn’t fly, he was as fast as lightning as he crossed this region.

A lightning beast suddenly appeared, blocking Long Chen’s path. It was a strange lightning fish. It opened its mouth, attempting to swallow him.

“Get out of the way.”

Long Chen directly slapped the fish away. However, he remembered not to kill this fish creature. Otherwise, it would cause even more of them to attack him.

The strange fish let out a furious roar and once more attacked Long Chen. Its speed was shocking with its giant tail.

Lightning wings appeared on Long Chen’s back, and his speed instantly increased. Two rapid figures could now be seen speeding along the top of the violet lake. Even within its own domain, the lightning fish couldn’t catch up to him.

Ripples spread as Long Chen stamped down on the ground, activating his emergency brakes. The blue lake was ahead.

The blue water was frighteningly still, but he felt a terrifying danger from this lake.

Although Long Chen managed to stop himself, the fish behind him didn’t have emergency brakes. Long Chen dodged its attempt to swallow him, and it shot into the blue region.

It crashed into the surface of the lake. But rather than raising a shower of water, not even a single drop was displaced.

Time seemed to stand still. The instant the lightning fish touched the surface of the water, time seemed to freeze. It stayed in its original posture, just barely touching the surface of the water.

“What terrifying Ice Qi.”

Long Chen was shocked to see it suddenly come to stop. However, frost crystals quickly began to appear around it. Those crystals were incredibly small and almost impossible to notice.

That made Long Chen’s heart pound. This lightning fish did not possess an actual physical body. It was composed of lightning. Just how terrifying did this Ice Qi have to be in order to freeze it?

“Fuck, how dangerous.” Long Chen had never encountered such a thing. This ice water was even more terrifying to him than the death water.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t take any of it like how he had taken the black water. If he did, probably all the World Trees and precious medicinal ingredients in his primal chaos space would be destroyed.

“Ah, the most painful thing is seeing good stuff but not being able to take it away!”

Long Chen was vexed. The Netherworld was definitely a good place with all kinds of killer items. However, he didn’t have enough time to study them.

Golden flames appeared on Long Chen’s feet as he summoned the Heaven Incinerating Flame. He cautiously stepped onto the blue water.

“Fuck, it’s freezing!”

Long Chen sucked in a cold gasp of air. Even with the Heaven Incinerating Flame, he couldn’t completely block the Ice Qi.

It felt like needles were stabbing him from the bottom of his feet. Those needles were so long that they stabbed his bones. That pain was even insufferable for Long Chen.

“This ice lake is ridiculous.” Long Chen looked around and shook his head. This place was not far from the whirlpool where the nine lakes gathered. Since he had no idea how long the lake was, or how long it would take to bypass it, who knew whether something would block his path again or not?

“I’ll risk it.”

Long Chen clenched his teeth. Increasing his flame power, he raced across the water.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” A flaming figure could be seen shooting across the water.

Long Chen was sweating from the pain. His knees were particularly painful whenever he moved them.

Just as he was unable to endure any longer, he reached the bridge of floating logs. He immediately jumped onto them.

His entire body was covered in frost now. As soon as he jumped onto the floating logs, he felt like his entire body had been frozen stiff.

Huo Long flew out of Long Chen’s arm and wrapped itself around him, expelling the Ice Qi.

The Ice Qi was too powerful. At first, Huo Long was able to block the majority of it. However, as it continuously invaded Long Chen’s body, Huo Long’s power was gradually suppressed by it. Hence, more and more Ice Qi had accumulated in Long Chen’s body. If it weren’t for his powerful constitution, he’d have long since died.

Although he hadn’t lost his life, he had lost half of it just now. Huo Long could only slowly expel it now. Once all the Ice Qi was expelled, Long Chen sighed with relief.

Huo Long actually let out a human-like sound when it crawled back onto Long Chen’s arm.

“Hahaha, it’s not your fault. You’re still small. Once you grow up and refine a few divine crystals, you’ll be able to block it completely,” comforted Long Chen. Huo Long was actually blaming itself for not being able to block the Ice Qi.

In truth, Huo Long was already shockingly powerful. It was able to unleash the full power of the Heaven Incinerating Flame.

However, because Lei Long had devoured the five-colored lightning and was absorbing the power of divine lightning, its power had surpassed Huo Long’s.

Both Huo Long and Lei Long were growing more intelligent and even starting to understand some human emotions. Long Chen had to look after their emotions.

The flame crystals that he had obtained in the Heaven Dragon Flame Region in Pill Valley had already been absorbed. As for the supreme Divine Flame Crystals that had been part of the formation to seal the Alldevil monster, their quality was too high for Huo Long to absorb them yet. So its power hadn’t increased in a while.

On the other hand, Lei Long was eating until it was full each day. Its power was constantly rising. Just now, Lei Long had done so well in helping Long Chen pass the violet region, but Huo Long hadn’t, causing it to feel guilty.

Just as Long Chen was comforting Huo Long, a figure appeared ahead. It was a slender woman with a pair of wings on her back.

The wings were wide, like a butterfly’s. They were brightly colored and beautiful. The woman herself was also very stunning.

She looked to be a work of art, with every part of her appearing perfect. She also belonged to a race that Long Chen didn’t recognize.

Her wings were slowly fluttering, and thousands of runes could be seen flickering as they moved. It was like there was an illusion or fantasy wrapped around her. The Ice Qi was unable to touch her.

Of course, she was just crossing on the floating logs. It was difficult to say if she could be so nonchalant if she were standing on the actual water.

When she saw Long Chen resting on the log, she was shocked. She found that Long Chen’s cultivation base was too low. Furthermore, he wasn’t even using a divine ability to force back this Ice Qi.

Long Chen retreated to the side a bit, his meaning that she could pass and that he wouldn’t attack her.

The woman looked at Long Chen for a while. She suddenly opened her mouth and spoke, but Long Chen couldn’t understand what she was saying.

The woman looked at Long Chen oddly and didn’t try to speak again. She slowly walked past Long Chen, but her gaze locked onto him, on guard against a sneak attack.

Long Chen’s guard was also raised. After all, this was a powerful expert attacking the Netherpassage realm. Furthermore, these strange lifeforms all had their own bizarre divine abilities.

The two of them were now on one log, which was just six meters long. At such a close distance, any sneak attack could be fatal. Long Chen stared closely at her, and she stared closely back.

Just as the two of them were passing by each other, a giant figure appeared from the front, and space began to rumble. The woman’s expression changed, and fright manifested in her eyes.