Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Very quickly, a heavy piece of news spread throughout the Martial Heaven Continent. The Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrace race that had been hunted down by the Xuan Beasts was no longer hiding. They were establishing their headquarters in the Eastern Xuan Region.

At the same time, Long Chen announced that the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race was allied with the Dragonblood Legion. If anyone dared to touch the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race, he would go to their home for his next tribulation.

For Long Chen to publicly support the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race was a bit surprising but within reason. However, his promise was a bit vicious. Just his Life Star tribulation had been enough to destroy Heavenly Fate Island and the headquarters of the Xuan Beasts. That kind of tribulation wasn’t something that just anyone could survive.

At the same time, the Martial Heaven Alliance also came out in support of the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race. While Long Chen was now outside the Martial Heaven Alliance, he was still one with them. However, he was no longer under the Martial Heaven Alliance. He now allied with them.

After establishing their territory, countless Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrows began to flock over from their strongholds. Long Chen hadn’t expected them to number in the millions.

However, the majority of them were still young and hadn’t fully grown. That was because when the Xuan Beasts had suppressed them, many of the seniors of their race had fought to the death. As for the weaker members, they could only do their best to reproduce as much as possible. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

This generation’s leader of the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race was named Que Yuzhu. She was at the mid twelfth rank, equivalent to the human race’s second step of Netherpassage.

Within the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race, there were a total of eleven people on Que Yuzhu’s level. However, they didn’t have a single existence on the level of the late twelfth rank.

The human race’s Netherpassage realm was split into four steps, while twelfth rank Magical Beasts were the same but merely with different names. They were the early twelfth rank, mid twelfth rank, late twelfth rank, and the great circle of the twelfth rank. And just like the Netherpassage realm, the difference between each level was vast.

When the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race declared they were coming out once more, the Dragonblood Legion naturally came to their new headquarters, while Qu Jianying and the others from the Martial Heaven Alliance were also present. However, the old man didn’t come. He only sent Boss Bao and the others.

Boss Bao stealthily told Long Chen that the old man had been completely infuriated last time, even breaking tables and chairs in his rage. It had taken quite a bit of that kind of venting before he calmed down.

Originally, he had also been thinking of coming, but upon thinking that he would see Qu Jianying, he had decided not to come.

Long Chen couldn’t help sighing inside. Was this a case of growing more like a child the older you got?

Originally, he had just been expecting the Martial Heaven Alliance to come, but even Zheng Wenlong was here, bringing a celebratory gift and representing the Huayun Sect. To use his words, as long as there was business to do, they would come.

After greeting him, Long Chen smiled. “Brother Wenlong, don’t blame me for not sending you an invitation. I was afraid you would come find me for the debt I owe you.”

Long Chen had used the Scarlet Blood Spirit Fish and quite a few medicinal pill formulas as collateral to take out a huge loan. That had been the only way to create the divine items for the Dragonblood Legion.

Those things were still in Zheng Wenlong’s hands, but they hadn’t been turned into money just yet. It could be said that Long Chen owed him a huge debt.

“Hiding from your debt, is it? When have I ever demanded you to pay me? As long as you’re still living well, my profits will continue to come rolling in,” laughed Zheng Wenlong.

The amount of money that Long Chen had borrowed from Zheng Wenlong was so great that it could affect the entire operation of the Huayun Sect. However, in the long view, the profit exceeded the risk.

Most importantly, the Huayun Sect was now going all-out in raising alchemists. They were crazily snatching up the medicinal pill market, and Pill Valley’s monopoly was being broken. This was thanks to Long Chen.

Even the Corrupt path, ancient races, ancient family alliance, and the others were secretly buying pills from them.

The Huayun Sect was a true neutral sect, and as long as there was business to do, they would do it. They wouldn’t inflate prices, while the quality of the pills was guaranteed. The prices of the Huayun Sect’s pills were in general a tenth lower than Pill Valley’s.

Just ten percent wasn’t much, but medicinal pills took up sixty percent of a sect’s yearly resources budget. The remaining forty percent was enough for the sect’s construction needs, maintenance, administration, and other necessities. Medicinal pills were truly the lifeblood of a sect.

Most importantly, they had entered the great era where countless geniuses were rising. The large sects were willing to spend all their money on raising those geniuses.

So this had become a crazy era for buying medicinal pills. The demand had exceeded the supply, so Pill Valley had long since adjusted the prices of their pills to get more money, and they were continuously increasing the price as the demand increased.

That dissatisfied their customers, but there was no way around it because of their monopoly.

However, the medicinal pill formulas that Long Chen had released destroyed that monopoly. The Huayun Sect had announced that they were hiring alchemists, and they were also focusing more on nurturing their alchemists.

The current Huayun Sect was encroaching on Pill Valley’s businesses, but Pill Valley couldn’t do anything about it. They even suspected that there were traitors amongst their higher-ups who had sold those pill formulas to the Huayun Sect, so they had started an internal investigation.

So the money that Long Chen had borrowed was truly nothing when it came to the profit that his pill formulas would bring in. However, they were still in the early stages, and his formulas still hadn’t made up the money he had borrowed. It would take at least half a year before he paid off that debt with his pill formulas.

Today was a lively day for the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race. The various large powers sent over congratulatory gifts. Even quite a few people came from the neutral powers.

As long as the neutral camp’s people didn’t participate in battles, they could suck up to either side. They didn’t want to offend either side, at least on the surface.

Furthermore, the neutral camp’s sects were very crafty, only sending some of their senior people over, not their sect leaders. That was perfect, as they could give face to Long Chen and the Martial Heaven Alliance without offending the Xuan Beasts.

“Someone from the Xuan Beasts actually came?”

Guo Ran and the others’ expressions changed. There were over ten experts who had come bearing the air of the Xuan Beasts. The Dragonblood warriors prepared their weapons. As long as they caused the slightest fuss, they would cut them down.

“You’re...” Que Yuzhu noticed them. She couldn’t believe her eyes.

“Senior Yuzhu, we’re gratified to see you still alive.” The speaker was an elder who was the leader of this group. He wept.

Guo Ran and the others slowly loosened their grips on their weapons. It seemed that they had misunderstood.

Through Que Yuzhu’s introductions, they learned that these people belonged to the Cloud Rain Lightning Sparrow race, a branch of the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race.

When the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race was expelled from the Xuan Beasts, quite a few experts of the Cloud Rain Lightning Sparrow race were hunted down as well. They had been hiding this entire time, on their last breaths. Upon learning that the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race had come out once more and established their own territory, they immediately rushed over. Seeing Que Yuzhu, they were filled with emotions.

Que Yuzhu was also crying. She thought back to how glorious the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race had been back in the day. Now they had fallen to this extent and even implicated their allies.

“Alright, starting today, the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race is rising back to its former glory! You will share that glory with us,” promised Que Yuzhu.

Que Yuzhu’s promise was serious. Her cultivation base might not be strong enough to promise such a thing, but she had already seen the hope of the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race. It was Long Chen.

The Myriad Spirit Diagram had already been opened for them. The majority of their divine abilities had originally been lost, but now that their inheritances were being restored, they were rapidly growing stronger. The fact that they no longer had to hide in minor worlds also improved their cultivation circumstances.

Other than that, Long Chen had started on creating transportation formations connecting the Martial Heaven Alliance’s headquarters, the Xuantian Dao Sect, and this place. There were also formations connecting them to hundreds of other powers so that they could share their spirit gathering formations to cultivate.

This was a joyous occasion. The Martial Heaven Alliance had gained another ally with limitless potential. They had once more grown stronger.

“The Xuan Beasts have sent a congratulatory gift!”

Just as people thought that everyone coming had arrived and they were starting to prepare a banquet as thanks to all their guests, a strange voice rang out.