Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Long Chen’s flame lotus rapidly grew stronger. Terrifying flame energy revolved, igniting heaven and earth.

Di Feng and the others were appalled. Long Chen’s Double Dragon Destruction had given them heavy injuries, and then the explosion of Lu Zichuan’s astral space had worsened their injuries before they had recovered.

Now they didn’t even have time to heal. Long Chen’s flame lotus was growing larger. This attack was not something they could receive.

They wanted to run, but their bodies didn’t listen to them. After being heavily injured twice, their bodies were on the verge of collapse. Even their manifestations had shut down. They would definitely die if struck.

As for the distant spectators, those belonging to Pill Valley’s side were watching closely, but they didn’t go over. Long Chen might be exhausted, but that wasn’t an attack that they could receive either.

However, as long as Long Chen unleashed this attack, he would be exhausted, and their chance would come. Perhaps the glory of killing Long Chen would fall into their lap.

Other than that, there was also the jealousy aspect. Even if they were on the same side, since Di Feng and the others had awakened their manifestations, these people didn’t mind seeing them dead along with Long Chen.

So even though Di Feng, Xie Luo, and the others were in crisis, these experts simply acted dumbfounded as if they were too shocked to do anything.

Di Feng and the others were enraged by that. If these people took action now, they would be able to interrupt Long Chen’s attack. It wouldn’t even take that many of them, but not one of them moved.

Just as Di Feng and the others were about to use everything they could do to survive, a white light shot toward Long Chen’s back.

In that instant, Long Chen felt like he had been dropped into an iceberg. A sensation of death filled his heart.

Long Chen didn’t even have a chance to look back. The World Annihilation Flame Lotus that had only been half charged out slammed behind him, while he dodged to the side.

The flame lotus was cleanly split in two by the white light. It didn’t explode. Instead, it was simply like a flower that had been sliced by a knife.

As for Long Chen, he was struck in the shoulder by that white light. A scorching pain came from there, and flame energy poured through his body, wanting to incinerate him.

That was all he needed to know who had come. The flame energy was absorbed by Huo Long. Turning around, Long Chen saw the person that he had expected, the Pill Fairy Yu Qingxuan.

The Brahma Divine Palace had actually vanished, and Yu Qingxuan floated in the sky, holding a white sword in her hand.

That sword was condensed of flame energy, yet it gave off an icy feeling. However, now it was different from when Long Chen had first seen it. Now, there were watery fluctuations surging within it.

Seeing Yu Qingxuan, Di Feng and the others were overjoyed. As for Pill Valley’s disciples, they loudly cheered for their divine daughter.

Yu Qingxuan’s expression was icy, and it was like she didn’t even recognize Long Chen. Without any hesitation, another slash of her sword came for Long Chen.

This sword filled the air with mist that looked very beautiful, but Long Chen knew that this wasn’t water. It was the Inverse Dao Water Spirit Flame.

Long Chen hadn’t expected Yu Qingxuan to awaken so quickly. As she was in control of the Inverse Dao Water Spirit Flame, there was nowhere for him to run.

The most difficult thing for Long Chen to bear was that this Yu Qingxuan was no longer the old Yu Qingxuan that he had known. She had become a completely different person.

Yu Qingxuan’s sword rumbled, and arcs of flames came from it. It seemed that her control over the Inverse Dao Water Spirit Flame was not yet perfect. Despite that, even during normal times, Long Chen would have to go all-out to defend against such an attack, and in his current state, this was fatal.

A cyan brick suddenly appeared in Long Chen’s hand. He slammed it forward. He had no choice but to take out the Heaven Flipping Seal.

BOOM!

Water vapor filled the air, but when that vapor touched the ground, it burned everything away, creating a bottomless hole.

As for the Heaven Flipping seal, it had been scorched red. Intense heat waves spread in every direction.

However, at the very least, the Heaven Flipping Seal had managed to block this terrifying attack. Seeing this scene, everyone was shocked. Even at such a time, Long Chen still had a terrifying trump card.

Those experts who had been waiting for Long Chen to unleash his flame lotus before attacking felt cold sweat cover their bodies. If it hadn’t been for the Pill Fairy, they might have been flattened by this brick.

The Pill Fairy was also startled. After forming seals with her left hand, a water spirit phoenix appeared in the sky. It was condensed from the Inverse Dao Water Spirit Flame. It then opened its mouth to swallow the Heaven Flipping Seal.

Just as its mouth closed over it, the Heaven Flipping Seal vanished. Not only that, but Long Chen had also disappeared.

“He ran!”

Only then did people react. They looked in every direction, but Long Chen’s figure had vanished.

For a moment, people could only look at each other in dismay. Thirteen peak heavenly geniuses with awakened manifestations had actually been defeated by Long Chen. He had even killed two, and then in his exhausted and injured state, managed to survive the divine daughter’s attacks.

With Long Chen having escaped, the Pill Fairy jumped onto the phoenix and with a flap of its wings, she vanished from sight.

The path that she had gone was clear though, because the ground had turned black from the intense heat, and a burning smell filled the air. Space also twisted wildly.

At this time, the other experts ran over to Di Feng and the others. They immediately put on loyal and subservient appearances, but Di Feng and the others still had ugly expressions. They knew what these people had been thinking, but in their current state, they were too weak. Hence, despite knowing that this was an act, they had to act like they didn’t know.

They looked in the direction where the Pill Fairy had gone and sighed. Originally, they had thought that after awakening their manifestations, they would at least be able to stand at the peak of the cultivation world.

However, upon reaching the summit they had yearned to reach, they found that Long Chen was still standing above them. Even thirteen of them hadn’t been able to defeat him. Thinking of how they had sworn that Long Chen wouldn’t live to leave the Brahma secret realm, they felt like they might die of embarrassment. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

At that time, Long Chen had also made a promise. He had said that if he didn’t kill Lu Zichuan today, he would cripple his own cultivation base. In the end, Long Chen had done it, proving that he never made empty promises.

On the other hand, it was like they had slapped their own faces. Long Chen was so high above them that it made them feel despair. They even felt an urge to give up on cultivation. Being in the same generation as such a figure was horrible.

Xie Luo in particular was dejected, and his eyes were blank. He had lost once more. This time, he couldn’t even count as a main character. He had fully fallen to cannon-fodder level.

“In this world, there is a kind of despair called encountering Long Chen.” One of the ancient family alliance’s disciples shook his head with a bitter smile. “I, Yan Qingshan, am retreating from the cultivation world. I’ll leave for seclusion in the mountains. Friends, take care of yourselves.”

That ancient family alliance disciple was one of the thirteen who had awakened their manifestations. He now bowed to everyone. That was his goodbye to them, as well as a symbolic goodbye to the cultivation world. However, after he was done, it was like a great weight had been lifted from his shoulders.

He walked away. Seeing his departing figure, for some reason, the others felt uncomfortable.

“There is no right or wrong on the cultivation path. The struggle on the Martial Dao is a fight, but having Long Chen in the same generation can be called a good thing, or it can be called a bad thing. It just depended on your viewpoint. Some people are fated not to be the main characters of the world. When they forcibly jump onto the stage, their conclusions are always sad. But I like to think of what senior apprentice-brother Long Chen once said: cultivation is not to fight, it is to protect. So even having experienced his power today, it’s not some blow to me. Come, let’s go,” said a neutral expert lightly.

“Hmph, Long Chen can’t possibly escape. The Brahma secret realm has only one exit. Running now only means that he gets to live for a few more days. Once everyone leaves the Brahma secret realm and Pill Valley closes it, he’ll be automatically transported out of it. Then he’ll still die.” The speaker belonged to Pill Valley. Although they hadn’t managed to kill Long Chen here, he was confident that Long Chen’s death was only a matter of time. Having run now, Long Chen was definitely hiding somewhere and healing.

He was actually very angry that so many people had been won over by Long Chen’s power. Even though he was an Empyrean with an awakened manifestation, he didn’t dare to curse so many people. Most importantly, he was too injured to mess around. If he ended up provoking these people, he might die.

The battle was over. The Brahma Divine Palace was gone, and the Grand Dao energy had been absorbed. They had no reason to stay here. Following the path that the Pill Fairy had left behind, they began to walk toward the exit.

However, in their hearts, even if Long Chen died to Pill Valley, the impression he had left them with would never be surpassed.

Even if he was killed by the Pill Fairy, that was only because of Pill Valley’s power. Long Chen had relied only on himself to reach his current level. Such a person was worthy of respect.

...

Long Chen’s lightning wings flapped rapidly as he pushed the Celestial Lightning Body Blink as hard as he could. The only thing he could do right now was run.

The Pill Fairy was no longer the old Pill Fairy. She didn’t have the slightest emotions toward him, and all of her attacks had been killer attacks. If he faced her in his current state, death would be the only thing awaiting him.

“What are you planning on doing?” Evilmoon suddenly sensed something wrong. Long Chen had actually reached the exit to the Brahma secret realm.

“Killing my way out.”

Long Chen took a deep breath. An unprecedented determination appeared in his eyes. Today, whether he would live or die would be decided now.