Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Long Chen’s actions startled the surrounding people. It seemed that there was some trick to the pill furnace?

This pill furnace had belonged to Zhao Wuji. Considering his crafty character, he definitely wouldn’t let anyone benefit at his expense.

For Long Chen to now reach out to the lid, even these peerless experts were curious.

Zhao Wuji’s heart skipped a beat. This pill furnace had been researched within his Mechanism Sect for countless years. They had confirmed that it could not be opened, which was why he had brought it out to con someone into buying it.

Long Chen’s confident expression made him feel a bit uneasy, but he still put on a cold smile.

“The Mechanism Sect is an outsider to the Dao of alchemy. For such a treasure to fall into your hands was a true waste.” Long Chen pressed his hand against the pill furnace, but then he didn’t open it.

Beitang Rushuang smiled faintly. Long Chen definitely wasn’t a good person either to deliberately keep people in suspense. Now people wanted to know the secret of the pill furnace even more.

“Keep acting mysterious. This furnace has been in the Mechanism Sect’s hands for thousands of years, and countless powerful alchemists have come to investigate it. All of them came to the conclusion that once the pill furnace’s original master died, the pill furnace sealed itself and can no longer be opened. Those alchemists had a cultivation base in the heavens and a skill level you can only look up to. I heard that you know a bit about alchemy? Hehe, can your superficial knowledge justify your arrogance? Laughable,” sneered Zhao Wuji.

Zhao Wuji immediately came to the conclusion that Long Chen was faking upon seeing him try to increase the suspense.

“Being older doesn’t mean being smarter. Idiots can live for many years. Do you think by refining a few garbage pills, one is enough to be called a grandmaster?” Long Chen smiled and patted the furnace. “Let me tell you. This furnace’s name truly is the Star Refining Furnace. However, its full name is the Moon and Star Refining Furnace. Its name is carved in its three feet and two handles, but they are immemorial immortal characters, so you can’t recognize them. You saw the stars covering it, so you called it the Star Refining Furnace, but did you not see that its two handles are like two crescent moons?”

Long Chen raised the Moon and Star Refining Furnace, having it float in the air. At that time, everyone saw that there were some ancient characters written where Long Chen had said them to be. Everyone had thought those to be divine runes, not immemorial immortal characters. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Their expressions changed upon hearing that these were immemorial immortal characters, characters from the time of legends. There was practically no one who could recognize them.

As for the immortal characters, they could be considered in between the immemorial immortal characters and the current era’s characters.

Some immortal characters could not be expressed with the current era’s writing. In order to understand what was being said, you needed to learn them. But due to the passing of time, many inheritances had been lost, and there was no way to recognize all the immortal characters written.

In other words, the current Martial Heaven Continent already had enough difficulty understanding immortal characters. As for immemorial immortal characters from the time of legends, they were too profound. They contained the essence of heaven and earth.

“You... Can you understand immemorial immortal characters?” asked Beitang Rushuang, shocked. She had a new opinion of Long Chen.

“I wouldn’t dare to say such a thing. I only know a few characters, and it just so happens that I recognize these ones,” said Long Chen.

Now everyone was truly shocked. To be able to recognize these five characters meant that Long Chen’s understanding of immemorial immortal characters was definitely not as simple as a few characters.

The most shocked of everyone present were Beitang Rushuang and Nangong Zuiyue. Based on their previous conversations with Long Chen, they felt that although he might have some talent, he was like a marketplace rogue.

They hadn’t expected him to have hidden himself so well. Even the two of them with their immense experience had been fooled.

In truth, Long Chen wasn’t so modest. He truly did only recognize these five immemorial immortal characters, and he had just learned them.

These five characters had been told to him by the Moon and Star Refining Furnace. Just now, when his divine sense had merged into the furnace, the furnace had given him some information.

Geniuses sought treasures, but treasures also sought the right masters. There was a certain destiny between them that sometimes could not be forced.

This furnace had an immense origin. As soon as Long Chen had seen it, he had liked it. As for the sealed furnace, due to Long Chen’s arrival, it began to slowly awaken.

“Brother Long’s wisdom is inspiring. If it’s convenient, I hope to be able to learn more from you.” Dongfang Yuyang praised Long Chen.

“Brother Yuyang is too courteous. I really only know a few immemorial immortal characters, and it just so happened that these five are within that little bit,” said Long Chen.

He couldn’t show off too much, or he wouldn’t be able to pull it back. If Dongfang Yuyang asked him to translate some ancient scripture, it would be embarrassing.

“Laughable. Not a single person present would dare to say that they recognize immemorial immortal characters. Do you think we’ll believe your nonsense? Even if no one calls you out for it, without any proof, everything you say is meaningless,” said Zhao Wuji.

“Not bad, you finally said something not stupid. Arguing over the name is truly meaningless. After all, even if I was lying, no one would know. Then let’s look at this.”

The furnace floating in front of Long Chen suddenly began to light up. Its starry images started to move like the workings of the cosmos, containing the very essence of the world.

This furnace had originally been a dead object and had only possessed some divine aura without any spirituality. It had been a corpse. But now, it was like it had been awoken from a long slumber. The air of primal chaos began to surge out of it as it revolved.

Now even Zhao Wuji was dumbfounded. This furnace had been in his Mechanism Sect for so many years. Countless experts had done everything they could, but they hadn’t managed to use it. But now, it actually awoke.

Although Zhao Wuji was not an alchemist, even as an outsider, he could sense that majestic energy. Even if it was used for fighting, this furnace would count as a top grade divine item.

The value of this furnace should have been around thirty to forty drops of Peak Dao Transformation Dragon Saliva. Offering it for one hundred drops was actually cheating the buyer.

Zhao Wuji hadn’t thought that anyone would really buy it. He had just taken it out because after being asked by the attendant of the Dongfang family if he wanted to put anything up, he had felt that not taking out something good would result in him being looked down upon.

He wouldn’t sell his own good stuff, so this useless furnace had been his first choice. He hadn’t expected it to awaken in Long Chen’s hands. That filled him with regret, but it was too late for it. If he reneged on the deal, that would be offending the Dongfang family.

Zhao Wuji’s expression was dark. It was unknown what he was thinking, but he definitely wasn’t thinking anything good.

“Didn’t you say that this pill furnace couldn’t be opened? Today, I’ll open it for everyone to see. Keep your dog eyes open so you witness it clearly.”

Long Chen suddenly patted the pill furnace’s lid, and a majestic Spiritual Strength poured into it.

Eight dark-red runes on top of the lid began to rapidly spin, forming a ring. Ripples began to spread, appearing strange and beautiful.

Zhao Wuji’s heartbeat quickened. If that lid really opened, then everything that Long Chen had said could not be called lies any longer. This pill furnace had really accepted Long Chen as its master.

Zhao Wuji had actually sold such a treasure. Not only did that pain him, but it was proof that his Mechanism Sect was blind, unable to use such a treasure.

Everyone’s gazes were concentrated on the furnace. Long Chen glanced at Zhao Wuji with an evil smile.

Suddenly, the lid opened and a black light shot out without any warning. Even these peerless geniuses couldn’t react. The black light shot in Zhao Wuji’s direction.

Zhao Wuji instinctively dodged, but he was still one step too slow. He was struck by the black light. That black light was like smoke, but it was odorless. It didn’t cause any negative effects once struck.

However, then he saw everyone’s dumbfounded gazes when they looked at him. Nangong Zuiyue’s expression was odd, something that looked like she wanted to smile but was too reserved to do so. She quickly turned away. As for Beitang Rushuang, she didn’t mind showing her bright smile.

Zhao Wuji swept himself with his divine sense and found that after being enveloped by that black smoke, his whole body had turned pitch black. Other than his eyes, everything else was the same shade of black.

“Long Chen!”

Zhao Wuji roared furiously. There was no way he would believe that this was a coincidence.

“Sorry, I had no idea such a thing would happen. But for you to be the one struck when there are so many people around, you can only blame your own luck.” Long Chen sighed helplessly.

Seeing Zhao Wuji’s miserable state and then the wicked mirth in Long Chen’s eyes, everyone was clear in their hearts that Long Chen had done it on purpose.

However, the black smoke had suddenly burst out of the pill furnace. How could Long Chen know that such a thing would happen? People couldn’t help being amazed.

Zhao Wuji was infuriated, but there was nothing he could do. He changed his robes, only to find that his hands and face could not be cleaned. It was like black dye had sunk into his flesh.

“Long Chen, what did you do?!” roared Zhao Wuji. He felt like he was going crazy. For a peak genius like him to be forced into such a state, just how was he supposed to show himself in public? Wouldn’t he just be a laughingstock?

“Ah, it was just an accident. There must be something inside the pill furnace that we didn’t expect.”

Long Chen smiled. All of a sudden, a strange fluctuation appeared, which caused the entire world to twist and every expert’s expression to change.