Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2070 Pill Lightning

As the lid of the furnace was opened, heaven and earth changed color. The originally clear sky instantly became covered in black clouds. Those were tribulation clouds that whirled above Long Chen.

“This is... tribulation?”

The experts present were startled. There was thunderforce gathering within those black clouds, looking like a heavenly tribulation.

“There’s a pill inside the furnace!”

People finally noticed a single pill within the furnace. It was covered in flowing lines that emitted endless medicinal fragrance. One sniff and it refreshed their bodies, opening all their pores. There was a strange fluctuation coming out of the pill, and it relaxed their Yuan Spirits. They couldn’t say what it was exactly, but it was an excellent feeling.

Although no one here was an alchemist other than Long Chen, even these outsiders knew that any medicinal pill that had an effect on the soul or the Yuan Spirit was incredibly precious.

For a medicinal pill to draw heavenly tribulation upon coming out of the furnace, it had to at least be an eleventh tier medicinal pill. Furthermore, not all eleventh tier pills had that ability. Only the top grade ones could draw heavenly tribulation.

It was said that powerful medicinal pills could disrupt the balance of the world. That was why when a powerful medicinal pill was born, the Heavenly Daos would try to destroy it. That was called pill lightning within the alchemy world. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Most pill lightning wasn’t actually powerful as it just wanted to destroy the pill. Attempting to hide the pill or stop the lightning by ordinary means would anger the tribulation and cause it to try to kill whoever that person was. The odds of an eleventh tier medicinal pill surviving pill lightning were less than ten percent.

Furthermore, the lightning tribulation’s scale and fluctuations were essentially on the same level as an ordinary Empyrean’s Life Star tribulation. That was a bit frightening. How could a little medicinal pill resist such a heavenly tribulation?

Although the people present were all supreme experts, they had never seen a medicinal pill undergo tribulation.

“Brother Long, do you need help? I can activate the grand formation to screen this place from the heavenly tribulation,” said Dongfang Yuyang.

“Many thanks, but if a medicinal pill doesn’t undergo its tribulation, it will lack spirituality. It will require a formation to build its spirituality, and such a thing requires hundreds or thousands of years. Even then, it won’t be as good as a pill that properly goes through its tribulation. I’ll go and carry out this tribulation outside. Sorry for the trouble.” Long Chen flew off, bringing the furnace and pill with him.

Flying within someone else’s territory was definitely rude, but with the tribulation descending, Long Chen couldn’t run away on his feet in time.

“Everyone, don’t worry. Let’s all go watch. To tell the truth, this is my first time seeing a divine pill undergo tribulation as well. I’d like to see it.” Dongfang Yuyang smiled and followed Long Chen. The others had their misgivings put at ease and also followed.

Long Chen left the city, finding an empty place for the tribulation. The tribulation clouds followed him.

A bolt of lightning crashed down on Long Chen. More accurately, it was aiming for the pill inside the furnace.

That bolt of lightning was like a three-meter-thick lightning sword that struck the pill. It exploded on contact, unleashing a ripple of lightning.

A serious expression appeared in Beitang Rushuang’s eyes. This attack had been almost equivalent to the attack of an Empyrean. No wonder top tier eleventh tier medicinal pills were so precious. Having them undergo tribulation was truly difficult. Such a pill should not exist in this world.

Refining an eleventh tier medicinal pill was extremely difficult. As for refining a top grade eleventh tier pill? It was as difficult as ascending the heavens.

An alchemist that could refine a normal eleventh tier medicinal pill was rare, let alone the one capable of refining a top grade eleventh tier pill. They were as rare as phoenix feathers or qilin horns.

Normally, if an alchemist managed to refine an eleventh tier medicinal pill, they would treat it as a treasure to be kept within the family. If they did manage to refine a top grade eleventh tier pill, they definitely wouldn’t let it undergo tribulation. They would rather sacrifice some spirituality than take such a risk. The odds of failure were just too high.

Nearly all top grade eleventh tier medicinal pills were kept away from their tribulations. They would be kept in formations that nourished them to make up for their deficiency.

Even for peerless geniuses like them, this pill lightning was something that they had never witnessed before. Hence, they were watching very closely.

The first strike of lightning didn’t cause the furnace to shake in the slightest. That stunned people, while Zhao Wuji’s expression grew increasingly ugly. However, with his black face, it had become difficult to tell his expression.

The ripples of lightning spread, and the divine runes of the furnace lit up. Long Chen clearly saw thunderforce pouring into the pill.

The silent pill seemed to come to life as it absorbed the thunderforce. It was like the thunderforce was bestowing it with spirituality.

Legend was that top grade eleventh tier medicinal pills had their own spirits, similar to divine items. They simply needed to be awakened with some kind of external power.

Most people would use formations, using continuous nourishing effects over many years.

A faster method was to allow it to undergo tribulation and have the natural energy of heaven and earth bestow it with spirituality. Then it would be complete in almost an instant. As for what principles were within this, no one on the continent knew.

Rumbling rang out as more lightning swords fell, striking the furnace. However, the furnace was like a mountain or a stable boulder, showing just how strong it was.

The furnace not only blocked the lightning, but it shattered it, absorbing a small portion and sending it into the pill.

As the furnace was bathed in lightning, the pill slowly grew stronger. Rainbow lights began to appear in the sky. They were beautiful and mysterious.

This spectacle enamored the experts. This was a beautiful and magical tribulation. Their eyes had truly been opened to the world.

The lightning continued to crash down furiously, but the energy within the pill was gentle and constantly growing.

Long Chen stood beside the furnace. The lightning completely ignored him.

As the lightning grew stronger, the energy within the pill also grew accordingly. Suddenly, the furnace shuddered, and the pill actually jumped out of its own accord. It was like a baby bird that had decided it had grown up and was ready to leave the nest.

Heaven and earth rumbled as the tribulation suddenly became several times more frantic. It was like a downpour of lightning.

“This has almost surpassed an ordinary Empyrean’s Life Star tribulation. So pill lightning is actually so powerful. No wonder no one wants to do it,” sighed someone.

A single pill’s tribulation was already so powerful. That was truly unexpected.

Suddenly, the pill unleashed a wave of rainbow light, which gradually condensed into a giant lotus flower.

It was thirty meters wide and had nine petals. There was actually dew dripping off the petals. When the lightning struck the dew, it transformed into mist that revolved around the flower.

“Beautiful.” Beitang Rushuang couldn’t help sighing in amazement. She had never seen such a thing. This was clearly a cruel heavenly tribulation, but it was beautiful enough to enchant her.

The lightning continued to explode upon contact with the flower, and the aura of the flower continued to grow stronger.

“How can an eleventh tier pill possess such power?” said one of the experts. Eventually, the pill reached a level of power that dumbfounded these geniuses. They all possessed their own special backgrounds, and many of them had even consumed eleventh tier pills. But those pills had not been so powerful.

“It’s probably related to the furnace. Perhaps the furnace was sealed just to nourish that pill. Perhaps only by nourishing a pill for thousands or even tens of thousands of years is it possible to give birth to a pill capable of surviving its tribulation. Long Chen is an alchemist and definitely noticed something. That’s why he’s so brazen as to allow the pill to undergo tribulation. He really picked up a treasure,” sighed someone.

This was top grade amongst top grade pills. The speaker couldn’t help glancing at Zhao Wuji. Zhao Wuji’s face was so ugly that it couldn’t grow uglier. His face was stuck in that expression. As for what he was thinking, no one knew.

A priceless pill furnace had actually contained a supreme top grade eleventh tier medicinal pills, and Zhao Wuji had sold such treasures for a hundred drops of Peak Dao Transformation Dragon Saliva. Although that wasn’t a low price, when compared to the value of these treasures, it was such a huge loss that could make a grown man cry on his mother’s lap.

Thinking of how Zhao Wuji had mocked Long Chen for buying a garbage furnace, Beitang Rushuang wanted to laugh. Perhaps Zhao Wuji was suicidal now.

After mocking Long Chen, Zhao Wuji was first slapped and turned black by Long Chen. Then, the appearance of this top grade pill was a slap in the face of the entire Mechanism Sect. The sect was filled with blind fools unable to even tell a treasure from trash.

Beitang Rushuang couldn’t help being refreshed upon seeing Zhao Wuji suffer such a loss. However, she was even more amazed by Long Chen’s vision. He definitely wasn’t as simple as he appeared. His acting skills were incredible.

The pill lightning continued for an incense stick’s worth of time. Finally, the tribulation began to shrink, and people sighed emotionally. They had actually personally witnessed a top grade eleventh tier medicinal pill successfully pass its pill tribulation. That was a fortunate thing.

Just as the tribulation clouds were about to vanish, Long Chen suddenly grabbed the furnace and smashed the retreating clouds with it.

“What is he doing?!” Seeing his actions, everyone jumped in shock.