Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2077 Thousand Hand Soul Condensing Pill

Long Chen’s expression changed. He had underestimated the power of this eleventh tier medicinal pill. He had only been thinking about raising its quality and had overestimated his Spiritual Strength.

The medicinal energy inside it was growing berserk. It was about to charge out of the furnace, and once it did, it would most likely explode, destroying this room.

Long Chen’s Spiritual Strength was almost exhausted. He could barely keep the lid locked. With the pill about to break out, his expression turned blue.

A failure when refining pills was a minor matter. However, if he ruined the Dongfang family’s special alchemy room, that would be bad. He had no way to give them an explanation.

Just at this moment, the Nine Lotus Soul Condensing PIll flew out of his spiritual space on its own accord, landing on top of the lid.

Lotus images appeared on top of the pill. Strands of azure light fell out of it, enveloping the furnace.

The berserk pill forming within the furnace slowly calmed down. It was still struggling but not as intensely as before.

Long Chen couldn’t help being delighted. He realized that the master of the furnace had refined the Nine Lotus Soul Condensing Pill partly to help him refine pills.

This Nine Lotus Soul Condensing Pill actually had the ability to placate the medicinal energy in a pill. Although it wasn’t a complete suppression, it was good enough.

Long Chen sighed with relief. With the Nine Lotus Soul Condensing Pill helping him suppress the berserk pill, his nearly exhausted Spiritual Strength was able to hang on for a bit longer.

However, after another incense stick’s worth of time, his head started to grow dizzy. If this continued, his Spiritual Strength would be severely overdrafted. It would take many days for his soul to recover.

Just at this moment, light blossomed from the Nine Lotus Soul Condensing Pill. Nine lotus images flew out of it, each lotus possessing its own powerful Spiritual Strength that helped Long Chen control the refinement.

“You really are a priceless treasure!”

Long Chen was ecstatic. He no longer had to split his attention now and could focus entirely on the dancing flames within the furnace.

BOOM!

The furnace suddenly shook for one brief moment before everything became calm. Long Chen let out a long sigh and collapsed on the ground, feeling exhausted.

He was soaked in sweat, dripping wet like he had just come out of the pool. He was pale but had a smile on his face.

After that, the Nine Lotus Soul Condensing Pill returned to his spiritual space. Its light was now dimmer.

“Many thanks.” Long Chen knew that it had paid quite a price to help him. It was all due to his own carelessness.

Perhaps he had been too overconfident, thinking that with the Pill Sovereign memories, he could control all medicinal pills. Now he knew why those who ended up drowning were often those who knew how to swim.

Without the Nine Lotus Soul Condensing Pill, Long Chen would have lost all his face today. It had truly helped him out, and its own intelligence was not inferior to other lifeforms.

Long Chen swallowed a soul nourishing pill and activated the soul recovery formation of the room. Because his Spiritual Strength wasn’t severely overdrafted, he recovered quickly. After a couple of hours, his Spiritual Strength had recovered to sixty percent.

Only then did Long Chen stand up and open the furnace. A majestic aura surged out, causing the alchemy room to shake.

A small ball of light lay slumbering at the bottom of the furnace. It shone brightly like a star.

“Top grade. Hehe, not bad.”

Long Chen smiled brightly, feeling incomparably proud. In the current world, all top grade eleventh tier medicinal pills had come from the ancient era. He hadn’t heard of anyone capable of refining eleventh tier pills currently.

Perhaps only the Pill Fairy was capable of refining an eleventh tier medicinal pill, but he was sure that she still couldn’t control the Inverse Dao Water Spirit Flame well enough for alchemy.

Although she looked like she wielded it easily in battle, that didn’t mean that she could use it for alchemy. At the time when they had fought, her control over the Inverse Dao Water Spirit Flame had only reached a rudimentary level.

Even if she had received the god’s blessing, her control was definitely only equal to Long Chen’s control right now. After all, she was human, while Long Chen had Huo Long, a spirit of fire.

That was why Long Chen would bet that this top grade eleventh tier medicinal pill was the first such pill to appear in this era.

Although he wasn’t so excited that he was announcing it everywhere, he still felt proud.

“However, this pill isn’t complete yet. There’s still one more step.” Long Chen smiled and closed the lid once more. “Lei Long, it’s up to you now.”

Buzz.

Thunderforce surged out, transforming into nine lightning dragons that enveloped the pill.

Those were Lei Long’s split bodies. They were weak and gently let their thunderforce enter the pill furnace.

The Moon and Star Refining Furnace’s runes lit up, slowly absorbing the thunderforce and sending it into the pill within.

With his soul locked onto the furnace, he saw everything happening inside. His heart began to pound wildly.

This was a way to cheat the heavens. Long Chen really wasn’t sure it would work.

Lei Long was already able to control the pill lightning. It was just a transformation of its energy which wasn’t difficult. After all, its power originally came from heavenly tribulation, and pill lightning was just another kind of tribulation lightning.

According to reason, it shouldn’t be too difficult. But this matter was too important for Long Chen to not be nervous. If it worked, he could proceed with even greater projects, but if it failed, it would be a grave blow.

If Lei Long really was capable of imitating pill lightning, it would be able to awaken the spirit of his top grade pills and expel their impurities. In that way, any pills he refined would not have to worry about being strong enough to survive their natural lightning tribulations.

Other people were unwilling to let their pills undergo those tribulations, and they locked them in formations for thousands of years, and even then, their pills would still lack a certain spirituality.

If this worked, Long Chen wouldn’t have to wait thousands of years. He could directly awaken the pill’s spirit and get a pill that was at least thirty percent stronger than pills that had their spirits awakened through formations. That was heaven-defying, so Long Chen was naturally nervous.

Even after a moment, there was no reaction from the pill. Long Chen’s heart sank.

“Lei Long, increase the power a bit.”

The thunderforce increased by a bit. However, there was still no reaction.

“Why is this happening? Is this really not an option? But why not?”

Long Chen was disappointed. He rapidly thought of possibilities, but just where did the problem lay?

“Wait, I should activate the formation.” Long Chen suddenly thought of a possibility. He was currently in a special environment. This alchemy room had multiple formations, and he had only activated the formation to nourish his soul. As he had turned off the formation that absorbed the energy of the world, this place was now isolated from the Heavenly Daos.

When he activated the grand formation, Heavenly Dao energy surged into the room, and the pill within the furnace shook, starting to slowly absorb the thunderforce. It slowly awakened.

As it awoke, its aura grew increasingly powerful. Long Chen had Lei Long increase its power.

The thunderforce had to be powerful to expel the few remaining bits of impurities in such a pill. However, the laws of the Heavenly Daos were emotionless. As natural lightning tribulation tested the pill’s energy, it would eventually destroy it. The lightning didn’t exist to help the pill improve. The increased quality and purity were just to give higher expectations. The higher expectations usually led to greater disappointment.

Thunder rumbled as the nine lightning dragons grew larger and more powerful. Their auras also grew increasingly berserk. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

As for the pill, it was also growing stronger. Resisting the lightning was like excavating all its potential with its life on its line.

This was an instinctual reaction. Any lifeform, even a pill that had just gained its own spirit, would fight to survive. It was unleashing all its power.

“Good job, Lei Long!” Long Chen couldn’t help praising Lei Long. The thunderforce it was exhibiting was the exact same as natural pill lightning. Even its aura, even that divine pressure, even the rhythm, it was all perfect.

Compared to Huo Long, Lei Long was more mature. It didn’t let that praise change what it was doing. It steadily continued its work.

Finally, the pill flew out of the furnace, its entire body blazing with light, which condensed into a strange figure. Millions of tentacles of light wove a barrier against the lightning.

BOOM!

Those tentacles exploded. Long Chen hastily yelled stop and caught the pill.

“Hahaha, success!”

Long Chen examined the pill. Runes flowed on top of its semi-transparent body, and he was able to clearly see a vine unfurled within it.

“This Thousand Hand Soul Condensing Pill might not be able to compare to the Nine Lotus Soul Condensing Pill, but it’s still an amazing pill that has survived pill lightning. Hehe, auction, here I come.”

Long Chen laughed and walked out of the alchemy room, going straight toward the auction region.