Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2080 Burying Your Head in the Sand

The auction hall wasn’t very large and was only a few hundred meters wide. However, the interior was extremely extravagant.

There were thirty-six stone pillars following the walls. Each wall showed an image of the main stage from different angles so that people could examine the auctioned treasures closer.

After all, they couldn’t directly probe things with their divine senses here. That was no different than peeping. Let alone a woman, even for a man to be probed spiritually like that was a grave insult.

Although the majority of these experts had treasures blocking such spiritual probing or had their own Spiritual Strength defense, it was still a provocation, so people wouldn’t do that unless they had some serious enmity with the target.

With the images projected on the walls, everyone could get a good look at what they were bidding on.

There were hundreds of seats spread throughout the room. Every one of those seats was a solid wooden bench with precious felts laid on top of them. Every bench had small tables with tea, fruit, and general refreshments on them.

Every seat had a beautiful female attendant standing beside it. They all looked to be sixteen to seventeen years old.

“Mister Long Chen, your seat is here.” Long Chen was led by one of the Dongfang family’s descendants to his seat. Long Chen eyed his seat and was very satisfied. This spot was near the back.

Those sitting at the front would have so many people in the back looking at them, so this place was best. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Mister Long Chen, I truly apologize. If you had simply said that you were attending, we could have saved a seat closer to the front. We had to add this seat today because you came.” The disciple actually apologized to him for this seat.

“No, this is a good place. It’s hidden, safe from prying eyes. It faces the south, and there’s a beautiful woman to the left, fruit to the right. The fengshui is perfect,” said Long Chen.

The attendant was worried that Long Chen wouldn’t be happy sitting at the very back, while Long Chen actually didn’t mind. She smiled at his words, and even the attendant standing by his seat covered her mouth.

“You’re once more teasing young ladies. Long Chen, didn’t you say that you had a fierce lady back home? If you keep flirting like this, I’m worried someone will be beaten to death.”

Another person walked into the room. It was the fiery Beitang Rushuang. She had a disdainful expression due to how Long Chen had left her last time, and she made the disciples of the Dongfang family jump in fear.

Every person attending this auction was a peerless heavenly genius. Such people sometimes had strange tempers. Hence, these attendants didn’t dare to be the slightest bit careless.

“Don’t worry, it’s not you girls. It’s this fellow. Be careful of him. He’s not a good person,” said Beitang Rushuang.

Long Chen was speechless. He took a bite of his fruit and said, “I say, how did I offend you, miss beautiful Rushuang? Why ruin my good name?”

“Your good name? What a joke. The majority of the continent wants you dead,” scoffed Beitang Rushuang, sitting down right beside Long Chen.

The curved bench was more than big enough to fit five or six people. The attendant quickly poured tea for her.

Beitang Rushuang indicated that she didn’t want tea. She pointed to some crystalline grapes, and the attendant immediately picked out a string of grapes for her, placing them on a silver dish and holding it out to her with both hands.

Long Chen looked from his fruit to Beitang Rushuang who was eating gracefully. He laughed inside. Was she saying that he had no class?

She wanted to play? That was fine with him. His gaze suddenly became gentle as he stared fixedly at her, especially at her bright red lips. That gaze was just like an autumn mosquito eyeing which flesh to target.

Beitang Rushuang ate three grapes before feeling uncomfortable. This fellow’s gaze was too powerful. She could feel her hair standing on end.

She knew that he was doing it on purpose. She couldn’t admit defeat. However, she could only eat two more grapes before suddenly coming to a stop, enraged.

Long Chen wasn’t just looking at her now. He was actually licking his fruit, his tongue flicking against it repeatedly. Beitang Rushuang got goosebumps.

“Long Chen, you bastard, what do you think you’re doing?!” raged Beitang Rushuang. The Dongfang family’s disciple had fled when Beitang Rushuang had sat down here. As for the attendant-in-charge for this seat, her face was red. This teasing of Long Chen’s was too obvious.

“Me? I’m learning from you, right?” said Long Chen innocently.

“What nonsense! When did I ever eat in such a vile fashion?!” demanded Beitang Rushuang.

“Seeing how elegantly you were eating, I thought of the most elegant way of eating in my hometown. It’s to use the tongue to fully wash the fruit, admire it, treat it like you love it...”

“Stop! That’s disgusting!” Beitang Rushuang shivered. Even a peerless genius like her couldn’t handle a marvel like Long Chen.

It served her right for trying to play with him. Long Chen chortled to himself. When it came to shamelessness, the only one he admired was Mo Nian. He didn’t fear anyone else. He returned to eating his fruit normally.

As the two of them were speaking, a man walked into the room. He appeared apathetic to everything around him, his arrogance clinging to him like a cloak.

He looked around and immediately saw Beitang Rushuang. A flicker of shock appeared in his eyes. When he saw who was sitting beside her, he didn’t even blink. He found his own seat.

An attendant immediately went to pour tea for him, but he waved his hand, sitting down in quiet meditation.

“Mister Long Chen, fairy Rushuang, do you wish to activate the formation?” asked their attendant.

Every seat here had its own formation that could stop others from seeing and hearing them, while allowing them to see everything outside clearly.

“No need. That would cause a misunderstanding. With that fiery woman at home, I have to be careful,” said Long Chen.

Beitang Rushuang glared at Long Chen. She said, “Just activating the sound barrier will be enough.”

The sound barrier was immediately activated. It was a faint layer of light that enveloped their position. The light then faded until it was almost impossible to see it.

Beitang Rushuang was about to speak when suddenly Long Chen stood up, waving to the front.

Following his gaze, she saw Nangong Zuiyue. She didn’t say anything.

Nangong Zuiyue saw Long Chen beckoning to her. She hesitated and then walked over.

“Why call her over?” whispered Beitang Rushuang.

“Isn’t it because the two of you are my creditors? Furthermore, the enmity between your two families is a problem left from history. The Nangong family is the Nangong family, while Nangong Zuiyue is her own person. Why mix them together?”

“There are some things you just don’t understand,” said Beitang Rushuang.

“Perhaps there are things that I don’t understand, but the matter between the two of you isn’t one of them. You’ve already seen Nangong Zuiyue’s attitude. She has always yielded to you, which is an expression of her apology and compensation. To tell the truth, if I was Nangong Zuiyue, I wouldn’t be paying you the slightest attention. If you’re so strong, go challenge the Nangong family instead of me. If one person made a mistake, does that make their entire family evildoers? If one bad person came from the Martial Heaven Continent, should we all be executed? Furthermore, were all the people in your Beitang family’s history good people? Did the rulers never make mistakes?” demanded Long Chen.

Beitang Rushuang simply glared at Long Chen. She had no way to retort, but she also had no way to change her thinking. She couldn’t suppress her hatred for the Nangong family.

“Your hatred should be targeted toward the Nangong family. When Nangong Zuiyue is standing on the side of the Nangong family, you can fight her at ease, because that is fate. But you did the reverse, wanting to somehow challenge the Nangong family by attacking Nangong Zuiyue. Tell me, are you really standing on the side of reason? Are you really able to fight her without any qualms or shame? If you could, then you would be a heartless person and you would have long since attacked her without caring about anything else. Since you can’t, it means you don’t really want to fight her. Without having a perfectly clear mental realm, defeating her would be far too difficult. So whether you are burying your head in the sand or taking off your pants to fart, there are still certain things that must be done. For example, I know that some people want to kill me based on their hostility toward me, but I don’t eliminate them in advance. I wait for them to attack me before killing them. If I attack first, I might kill some innocent people. But if they attack first, I can kill them without any qualms. Although I’m at a disadvantage, I can maintain a peaceful heart. Nangong Zuiyue has refused your challenge repeatedly. As for why, it’s not as simple as you imagine. Well, that’s all I can say since she’s here now.”

Long Chen suddenly shut his mouth. Nangong Zuiyue walked into their barrier. It shivered for a moment before letting her in.

Beitang Rushuang suddenly stood up.