Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2139 Life Star Pills

The battle in the wild world filled the original devil race with a newfound passion. They were obtaining a huge number of devil cores, treasures that could strengthen their divine seals.

Against the devil race, they had a natural advantage. Although the Martial Heaven Continent also had channels to the devil world, they couldn’t participate in those battles.

Now, this was the original devil race’s first battle against the devil race in many years. It possessed significant meaning.

Practically, every expert of the original devil race had obtained a portion of the devil cores. The elites had gotten even more. Yue Xiaoqian immediately went into seclusion to refine the devil cores. Yue Xihan had given all the devil cores from the winged devil king race to her.

Yue Xiaoqian had only kept four of those devil cores. She had returned the rest to her mother, startling her. However, Yue Xihan quickly understood Yue Xiaoqian’s intentions. When she had returned those devil cores, she had been completely red. That was because she didn’t want to stay in the original devil race. She wanted to be with Long Chen.

If she absorbed all the best devil cores, she would become the strongest warrior of the original devil race with the strongest divine seal. As a result, she would be critical to the defense against the winged devils and wouldn’t be able to accompany Long Chen.

Yue Xihan accepted the remaining devil cores. She herself refined a portion of them and then found suitable experts for the rest. That way, there would be other powerful warriors while Yue Xiaoqian and Yue Xihan weren’t present.

The original devil race was filled with joy, but some people were even more excited than them. They were Guo Ran and Xia Chen. After setting up some defenses, they focused on forging.

With the Phoenix Blood Immortal Gold and other divine materials, they slightly modified their designs once more. They wanted the armor and weapons they made to be even stronger.

Last time, the weapons and armor that Guo Ran had forged only had the power of quasi divine items because the materials and runes weren’t strong enough. Having even more options now, he wanted to create even stronger ones. The two of them were filled with anticipation for their final products.

As everyone got busy, Wilde stood guard over the mining operation. He was anxiously waiting for Magical Beasts to send food to him. He and one thousand Dragonblood warriors had become a roving defense squad. In just seven days, they killed over ten twelfth rank Magical Beasts, with two being at the late twelfth rank.

Wilde was in charge of facing the Magical Beasts directly, while the Dragonblood warriors sought the opponent’s weaknesses. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

This world’s name had been completely changed to the Wild World. The original devil race was going through it step by step, and in just the preliminary scouting, they found seventeen mineral deposits.

Those were all extremely precious mineral deposits, with one of them in particular being a very rare spirit stone vein. They were essentially excavating money. The original devil race had sent almost half their manpower into the Wild World.

As for Long Chen, he was refining pills. The Moon and Star Refining Furnace shook, and a blood-colored liquid flowed out of it and into a bottle in Long Chen’s hand.

“Hehe, the Blue Eye Golden Toad’s essence blood has been refined. Its purity is even greater than expected.” Long Chen smiled happily. These peak twelfth rank Magical Beasts were treasures in and of themselves. In particular, the essence blood that could be refined out of their crystal cores was extremely pure. After all, that was where their life’s essence was condensed.

Long Chen had extracted all the precious parts of over a hundred Magical Beasts that he had gotten from Wilde. Their crystal cores, their skeletons, their venoms, teeth, everything that could be used, he extracted.

Before this, he only had certain medicinal ingredients. Now that he had these treasures from the bodies of Magical Beasts, he could refine even more eleventh tier pills.

“I have the Golden Armor Jewel Heart, the Earth Cavern Tree Demon’s demonic heart, the Seven Star Water Vine’s Neidan, Flame Crystal Colored Glass, and Heavy Earth Essence. All five elements have been gathered. I can finally refine the Life Star Pill.”

Long Chen examined the ingredients he had and smiled. The reason his cultivation speed was so slow was because he cultivated the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art. Even after stepping into the Life Star realm so long ago, he had yet to reach the second Heavenstage.

Back when he had broken through to the Life Star realm, his Life Star tribulation had transformed into a dragonization tribulation. Due to the energy of the dragonization tribulation and his own accumulated energy, he managed to directly charge into the first Heavenstage. At that time, he consecutively slew the various peak heavenly geniuses and then killed Heavenly Fate Island’s master, Ji Wuming, fully destroying Heavenly Fate Island.

Since then, his cultivation base had stagnated. It wasn’t that he had given up on cultivating, but the amount of energy required to advance was astonishing.

Others only had one astral space, while Long Chen had 108,000. Although each one was smaller, the amount of energy he needed for each advancement was thousands of times greater than others. If he just relied on normal cultivation methods, he would have to give up on advancing to the Netherpassage realm within the next few thousand years.

Due to that, he had been constantly gathering the ingredients necessary for the Life Star Pill. Now, he had finally gathered all of them.

Without the help of Meng Qi and the others, he could only rely on himself. He quickly finished the first refinement, and it wasn’t that bad. He managed to refine three top grade pills. That was already a bit better than he had expected. After all, this was his first time, and he lacked experience. The second time, he refined five top grade pills.

He refined ten furnaces of pills without pause and finally managed to refine nine top grade pills in one furnace. One reason was due to his own experience with the refinement of this pill, while another reason was because the Moon and Star Refining Furnace had memorized the refinement process.

Long Chen tried out one of his pills. After consuming one, the 108,000 stars in his body began to rapidly spin, and his divine ring automatically appeared to absorb energy from the world.

Long Chen nodded. This Life Star Pill’s effect was truly amazing. Even without experiencing the baptism of heavenly lightning, it possessed such a strong effect. Unfortunately, just one pill was not enough to cause any significant growth for his cultivation base. That was within his expectations.

If others consumed this Life Star Pill, they could probably advance a whole Heavenstage. But for Long Chen, it was far from enough.

Long Chen’s excitement faded. The Nine Star Hegemon Body Art was a bottomless pit. Who knew how many Life Star Pills he would have to refine? He didn’t have much time.

Refining on his own, his Spiritual Strength wasn’t able to keep up. He refined for ten days straight, only managing to refine three thousand Life Star Pills. He needed to constantly stop and focus on restoring his Spiritual Strength every now and then, lowering his refining speed.

To refine nine top grade pills every time was practically cheating. Then he made them into tribulation pills. If that information was leaked, the entire world would go crazy.

However, Long Chen was still worried about not having enough time. This wasn’t efficient enough. After refining one last furnace of pills, then he left, going to the battlefield.

Upon arriving, he saw Yue Xiaoqian directing experts of the original devil race to clean up the battlefield. Seeing Long Chen, she smiled and ran over, holding his hand.

“This is the third battle. We’ve exterminated them every time. Xia Chen’s formations are too amazing! We didn’t let a single devil escape.”

Xia Chen’s formations allowed the devils to come charging out, but by the time they realized something was wrong and tried to flee, they found layers of restrictions preventing them from escaping. Then they were cut down by the original devil race.

In these three battles, the winged devil race didn’t appear. Instead, there was the titan devil race, the huge eagle devil race, and the shadow devil race.

According to Yue Xihan’s analysis, this channel was most likely masterless. The devil race had accidentally found it. Otherwise, the ones attacking would have all been members of the winged devil race.

That was extremely beneficial to the original devil race. They could continue reaping the devil cores. In these three battles, the original devil race only lost a few hundred people, but they had annihilated armies of billions of devils. Their devil cores only continued to make them stronger.

The younger disciples were getting accustomed to battle and making fewer errors. Their casualties were dropping. As they got stronger from refining their devil cores, their advantage over the devils only grew. It went without saying that the original devil race’s natural gifts against the devil race were amazing. Even Long Chen was envious.

Having to block the invasion of the Devil Qi had been a pain for Long Chen, but Yue Xihan said that the divine seal of the original devil race, which repelled the Devil Qi, had been bestowed by an heir of the nine stars. However, he, another so-called nine star heir, was constantly disturbed by that Devil Qi. Long Chen even started to suspect that he was a fake nine star heir.

As for the mining, it was progressing well. Although some Magical Beasts would occasionally disturb them, everything was under control with Wilde and the Dragonblood Legion present.

Long Chen roamed around and returned the corpses of the Magical Beasts to Wilde. Those were his rations, and Long Chen had taken what he had needed to take.

After seeing everything, Long Chen was preparing to go back into seclusion when he heard thunderous roars in the distance. Then, multiple terrifying auras began to rise.

“Could it be...?” Startled, Long Chen immediately rushed off in that direction.