Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2174 The Dragonblood Legion Gathers

Ye Zhiqiu and Chu Yao also came out of seclusion, and adding in Meng Qi and Tang Wan-er, they were finally together after their months of seclusion. The three of them were shocked and enraged to hear what had happened.

“Don’t worry about it. We’ll be getting our vengeance soon. When the qi flow eruption occurs, they’ll appear again,” said Long Chen.

“Then we’ll make their blood run like rivers,” said Ye Zhiqiu icily, an unprecedented killing intent in her eyes.

Meng Qi and Chu Yao exchanged a glance, knowing that this level of rage was because of the Pill Fairy. They had thought that Pill Fairy would end up with them, so for her to betray them was unacceptable.

“Zhiqiu, you have to control your aura more. Even if I can endure it, Meng Qi can’t.” Long Chen was the closest to Ye Zhiqiu and was covered in frost. Her Ice Qi had burst out in her fury, covering the land in frost.

Although Long Chen was standing in front of Meng Qi, Meng Qi was a soul cultivator with a weak body, and she was shivering.

Ye Zhiqiu had awakened a heavens’ soul manifestation. Although she had yet to learn its name and so she had not fully merged with it, the Ice Qi she possessed now was on a level that even chilled Long Chen.

“Sorry, I’m not quite able to control my manifestation’s power,” said Ye Zhiqiu.

“I’m the same. It’s a good thing that my life energy isn’t affecting much,” comforted Chu Yao.

“Where is Ruyan?” asked Long Chen. When they had gone into seclusion, Liu Ruyan had been in Chu Yao’s spiritual space.

“It’s rare for you to think about me.” Liu Ruyan’s voice rang out and she appeared. Wearing an old black dress, there was plenty of her white skin revealed, as well as two large mounds on her chest.

Liu Ruyan stood beside Chu Yao. There was a half black, half white, cross-shaped petal on her forehead. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

“Where did that come from? We’re family, so how could I not think of you?” Long Chen awkwardly laughed. Liu Ruyan’s hostility toward him still existed, but she still listened to Chu Yao.

Cloud also came over as they talked, and now that everyone was gathered, they were all excited. Tang Wan-er especially was excited to have awakened a heavens’ soul manifestation.

Feeling the immense power they now possessed, Long Chen felt much more confident.

At this time, the transportation formation linking the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race’s territory and the Wild World could finally be activated once more. Long Chen had Meng Qi and the others all enter. They could stand guard over the Wild World.

However, in exchange, Li Qi and Song Mingyuan were to bring back three thousand Dragonblood warriors and the healing warriors.

That way, the Dragonblood warriors would be split half there and half here. Meng Qi could focus on capturing Magical Beasts, while Chu Yao, Ye Zhiqiu, Tang Wan-er, Cloud, and Liu Ruyan could test their new power on the Magical Beasts and the devil race in the Wild World.

Originally, Meng Qi was still worried about going, but Long Chen promised that there would be no problems on his side. He told her to quickly capture some Magical Beasts.

This time, the transportation formation they used was one way. This formation was only capable of going from the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race to the Wild World, not back. The double-direction transportation formation not only cost many times the amount of resources to activate, but it also took a long time to recover from its usage. The resources weren’t that important to Long Chen right now, but there was simply no time.

During this time, Xia Chen had been working himself sick, never resting. It could be said that he was now the weariest member of the Dragonblood Legion.

The day after Meng Qi and the others entered the Wild World, Li Qi and Mingyuan brought back the Dragonblood warriors. They were very careful on their way back.

The current Dragonblood Legion was extremely powerful. During the attack from the Xuan Beasts on the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race, just three thousand Dragonblood warriors had been enough to not only block a heavenly genius like Huang Feiyan, but also form an iron wall that blocked the Xuan Beasts from entering.

Now that there were three thousand Dragonblood warriors standing guard here, as well as Gu Yang, Li Qi, and Song Mingyuan, they would definitely be safe.

Furthermore, this sudden attack from the Corrupt path, Xuan Beasts, and ancient family alliance had raised the alert level of the Righteous path. If they did try another sneak attack, they would not be able to catch them off guard. The Righteous path would be fighting them in all-out war, and that was not what they wanted.

The Righteous path’s sects were on high alert, with even Pill Valley promoting that sense of danger. Things looked tense, but in reality, there was no possibility of another battle.

The last sneak attack had failed, and so there wouldn’t be a second one. With the six thousand Dragonblood warriors standing guard, Long Chen had fifty of the healing warriors help him refine pills.

They were all powerful wood cultivators with powerful souls. Although they couldn’t compare to Meng Qi and Chu Yao, due to awakening their manifestations, their Spiritual Strength was even stronger than ordinary alchemists.

As they rotated through sending their Spiritual Strength into the Moon and Star Refining Furnace, the rate at which they refined pills surpassed the rate at which Long Chen could consume them.

Due to the fact that the Nethergate Pill’s energy needed to go through the Divine Gate Star, it took some time absorbing each pill. Long Chen was eating as fast as he could, but the Nethergate Pills began to pile up.

Ten days later, he had over ten thousand Nethergate Pills. The Moon and Star Refining Furnace was growing stronger as it refined, increasing the speed.

It seemed even crazier than Long Chen, not giving the healing warriors any chance to recover. Once a person’s Spiritual Strength was exhausted, a second person would immediately step forward.

Fortunately, there were enough of the healing warriors to recover as they rotated through. Otherwise, even if both Meng Qi and Chu Yao were present, they wouldn’t be able to keep up with this crazy rate.

Seeing that there were too many Nethergate Pills, Long Chen switched to refining Life Star Pills.

The healing warriors continued to share their Spiritual Strength with the Moon and Star Refining Furnace, while Long Chen crazily ate pills. The whirlpool above his Dantian was growing bigger with every passing day. When it reached a size of nine feet and nine inches, it finally stopped growing. The whirlpool began to condense. That was a sign that it was about to become a star.

Just as Long Chen was crazily eating pills, a shadow fell across the continent. That was because on this day, a giant upheaval occurred in the interior of the Martial Heaven Alliance.

The upheaval was even greater than the last time. That was because Pill Valley, the Xuan Beasts, the Corrupt path, the ancient races, and the ancient family alliance had all indicated that Long Chen had colluded with the original devil race. They said that if the Martial Heaven Alliance continued to harbor Long Chen, they would join forces to destroy the Martial Heaven Alliance. The experts of the large powers had started gathering.

As for within the Martial Heaven Alliance, there were many dissenting voices. Some of the powers loyal to the Martial Heaven Alliance also began to give rise to internal strife.

Some sects even had a fight for power with new leaders coming into control. The Righteous sects that had previously left the Martial Heaven Alliance and joined Pill Valley’s side were especially vocal, spreading rumors left and right.

However, no matter how people pressured her, Qu Jianying did not react. She seemed determined not to lower her head.

The thing that made people’s hearts sink was that Long Chen had not responded after the battle. He had been forced to miserably flee in the battle at the End of the Heavens Valley, then he and Mo Nian together had been unable to defeat Kun Pengzi. Rumors spread that Long Chen was afraid and no longer dared to be arrogant in front of the ancient era’s supreme geniuses. The time of the Dragonblood Legion’s domination had passed. Some people even felt that the current Long Chen wasn’t even as strong as Yue Zifeng.

Some even said that the Dragonblood Legion’s interior had fractured, with the captains going against Long Chen. In any case, the streets were aflutter with all kinds of gossip. None of that gossip was favorable to Long Chen.

The spiritual qi on the continent grew denser day by day. That signified that the qi flow eruption would occur any day.

It was unknown just how many monstrous geniuses were lying in wait. What kind of fight would occur when the qi flow eruption occurred?

The current Martial Heaven Continent was like a volcano on the verge of erupting. It was accumulating power, filling the atmosphere with a tense air.

The continent was like a bowstring growing tauter and tauter. Over half a month passed in seemingly no time at all. On this day, Long Chen came walking out of his seclusion.

“Hahaha, this nap was refreshing.”

Evilmoon’s wild laughter rang out in Long Chen’s mind. Just yesterday, Evilmoon had begun to emit spiritual fluctuations indicating that it was awakening.

“Evilmoon, I was really depressed without your help during this time. If you let me down again, I’ll drop you in dung,” warned Long Chen.

“Hahaha, don’t worry about it! I’ve already fully recovered! We’ll hack whoever you want to hack,” said Evilmoon confidently.

Long Chen nodded and checked the Heaven Flipping Seal. It had also awoken and was currently communicating with him spiritually. It had awakened all its divine runes and knew how to use them during this time. Long Chen could finally control the true power of the Heaven Flipping Seal.

Evilmoon and the Heaven Flipping Seal had awakened, filling Long Chen with confidence.

After that, Long Chen walked into the plaza of the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race. The experts of the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race and the Dragonblood warriors had already gathered.

“Boss, now it should be time for our vengeance, right?” Guo Ran stood at the front, his eyes blazing with light.