Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2187 Dragonblood Manifestation Intimidates

Seeing Ye Zhiqiu come to stop him, Tian Xiezi’s heart shook. He felt a great sense of unease from Ye Zhiqiu’s ice sword.

The soul summoning banner trembled, and figures shrieking loudly shot out, leaving long tails attached to the banner.

Ye Zhiqiu ignored these curses. Her sword continued to swing, unleashing snow and ice through the air. It was beautiful and frigid.

Those soul curses froze solid and then exploded, transforming into snow mist.

“Even souls can be frozen?!” Tian Xiezi’s expression changed. There was nowhere for him to run. He sent the Corrupt God Ancient Tower smashing toward Ye Zhiqiu.

BOOM!

The ice sword slashed into the bone tower. The Corrupt God Ancient Tower was instantly frozen, becoming an ice tower. Tian Xiezi then slammed his hands on the tower, forcibly blasting away the ice covering it.

The Corrupt God Ancient Tower managed to escape the ice seal, but Tian Xiezi turned ashen. He was now covered in frost and spat out a breath of cold air that instantly turned into ice outside his body.

“What terrifying Ice Qi.”

All the experts present were stunned. How could Ye Zhiqiu’s Ice Qi be so powerful? Even a divine item on the level of the Corrupt God Ancient Tower could be frozen by it.

Tian Xiezi waved the soul summoning banner once more, and iron hooks came flying out of it, attached to chains. They were like the tails of scorpions.

The figure within Tian Xiezi’s manifestation shook. After that, light flowed out of the Corrupt God Ancient Tower, enveloping him. He then charged into Ye Zhiqiu’s ice domain.

“A bit of ice energy is nothing in front of divine energy!” Tian Xiezi sneered, the energy from his manifestation and the Corrupt God Ancient Tower forming a layer around him that protected him from Ye Zhiqiu’s Ice Qi.

The countless hooks from the soul summoning banner were blocked by Ye Zhiqiu’s sword. With every clash, those hooks and chains were frozen solid. But then the Corrupt God Ancient Tower would unleash a wave of light to unfreeze them.

Hundreds of hooks flew about, one side freezing them and one side unfreezing them. Snow and ice danced around them, dazzling the people watching.

“That bastard Long Chen, if he hadn’t injured the Corrupt God Ancient Tower, how could this woman be able to block me?!” Tian Xiezi was filled with hatred. There were several times he was forced back by Ye Zhiqiu.

“Everyone else, slaughter the Dragonblood Legion!” Tian Xiezi ordered the other Corrupt disciples to attack the Dragonblood Legion.

“Kill!”

The Corrupt path’s army charged in. Millions of people from the Corrupt path, the ancient races, the ancient family alliance, the Stone race, the Xuan Beasts, the Dongfang family, and the Ximen family collapsed upon the Dragonblood Legion.

Everyone else’s heart clenched. This was a battle of an unprecedented scale. It wasn’t just to fight over the qi flow but also to exterminate their enemies.

“Warriors of the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race, our chance for vengeance has finally come! We will use their blood to wipe away the humiliation of being bullied for tens of thousands of years!” Cloud’s cry resonated with the others. They all roared and summoned their true bodies, attacking the incoming Xuan Beasts.

Black light-swords shot out of their mouths, shooting through the army of Xuan Beasts. The Xuan Beasts were prepared and counterattacked with their own divine abilities. But as a result, their divine abilities were shattered by those light-swords. They simply weren’t a match for them. Having awakened their ancestral divine abilities, the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race had regained their former power, which had been enough to stand amongst the top of the Xuan Beasts.

Even before the two sides crashed together, many of the Xuan Beasts were slain. Their huge corpses exploded, filling the air with a bloody scent.

“How did the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race become so powerful?!” The seniors of the Xuan Beasts stared in shock. This time, the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race was even stronger than the last time.

“The Myriad Spirit Diagram. We must obtain it!” Peng Wanli’s expression was gloomy. He eyed Meng Qi.

The reason the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race could become so powerful was because of her. The Myriad Spirit Diagram was a priceless treasure, enough to drive the Xuan Beasts crazy.

In the beginning, the Xuan Beasts had only felt that the Myriad Spirit Diagram might contain a portion of their divine abilities. Although that was very valuable, it wasn’t enough to make them go crazy for it.

However, as time passed, they realized they had been mistaken. The Myriad Spirit Diagram didn’t just contain a portion of their divine abilities. It contained all their divine abilities, including ones that had been lost for countless years.

When he thought of that, Peng Wanli was filled with endless regret. If they had taken this matter seriously back in the day, paying any price to obtain the Myriad Spirit Diagram, the Xuan Beasts might have become the rulers of this world.

Now, under Cloud’s lead, the disciples of the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race slaughtered their enemies. Even in the face of the Xuan Beasts that outnumbered them by dozens of times, they were fearless.

This was the result of hatred that had been accumulated for countless years. This kind of hatred could only be washed away with fresh blood.

Cloud was the fiercest, drawing the attention of the strongest geniuses of the Xuan Beasts. Her wings were like blades, while her claws were like lightning. With each attack, a powerful Xuan Beast was slain. In just a short while, she was covered in blood.

Cloud suddenly let out a long cry. The other disciples of the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race echoed her cry. Their voices resounded through the air.

“Kill!”

Cloud, all on her own, charged forward. She drew the majority of the attacks.

The others followed her, forming a triangular formation that Xia Chen had given them based on their bodies, speed, power, and divine abilities.

For a race of Xuan Beasts to use a formation to attack was the first in history. Cloud was at the front, the arrowhead of the formation. With her drawing the majority of attention, the pressure on the others behind her dropped. She led the charge, and as the arrowhead, they were like a giant arrow piercing through the army of Xuan Beasts. Their power was extremely terrifying.

However, there were too many Xuan Beasts. They numbered eight hundred thousand, while the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrows numbered only ten thousand.

These Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrows were the elites of the elites. This had been decided after discussing it carefully. Originally, they could have sent out thirty thousand disciples, but these ten thousand people were the strongest, and if there were too many people, their inferior cooperation could affect their total combat power.

There was another more important reason as to why they had only brought ten thousand. That was that both Cloud and Long Chen did not want to see large casualties. Cloud especially had seen too many members of her race die. If she saw more, she might go crazy and ruin certain plans.

So in the end, they had sent ten thousand elites, and those elites did not disappoint Que Yuzhu and the other seniors. With Cloud leading them, they showed the power of the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race, wiping away years of humiliation.

Thinking of all that the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race had suffered over the years, Que Yuzhu’s eyes began to glisten with tears.

“Ancestors, do you see this? The Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race is finally soaring. We are finally starting to wash away our humiliation...” Que Yuzhu clenched her fists. At that moment, she felt that even if she were to die right now, she could face her ancestors.

The battle between the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race and the Xuan Beasts was extremely intense. But an even more intense battle was fought on the ground.

The Dragonblood Legion was wielding swords, their manifestations active behind them. They stunned all the experts on the battlefield.

“Impossible, absolutely impossible!”

Over twelve thousand warriors had identical manifestations. That did not conform with the Heavenly Daos. Throughout countless years, there could not be two identical awakened manifestations at a time. This was common sense, as well as an iron law.

However, the Dragonblood warriors had splendidly broken this law. Their manifestations were the same. It was a manifestation of an endless mountain range with a blood-colored dragon roaring amongst the mountains.

“No, some of them are different!” There really was someone who refused to believe what he saw, and comparing them all one by one, he made a new discovery. “Look, most of them have manifestations with mountains of stone with nothing growing. But for some of the women, they also have the blood-colored dragons and the mountain range, but their mountains are covered in greenery and giant forests full of life!” ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

“It’s true! Eh, aren’t they the healing warriors of the Dragonblood Legion?” Someone else recognized those healing warriors who were mostly women.

Those healing warriors rarely participated in the killing. They were standing at the core, healing people in the first instant they needed it. If someone faced a curse, they would immediately expel that curse, or if that was impossible, they would draw the curse into their own bodies. Due to the overflowing life energy within them, they could resist the curses. They were responsible for maintaining the complete combat power of the Dragonblood Legion.

The Dragonblood warriors had started fighting the powerful enemies of the various powers. Flesh and blood flew through the air. The sight of this shook the leaders of these various powers.