Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2206 Four Divines Writ

“As I thought, the Martial Heaven Continent’s fate is not yet doomed. Even a Sovereign has appeared. All kinds of karma have been entangled, but there is still a seed of hope left for the Martial Heaven Continent. The Sovereign did not wish for a war between the people of the continent.” Daoist Heavenly Feather smiled as she watched Long Chen and the others leave.

Her words were heard by others, and their hearts shook. It seemed that according to Daoist Heavenly Feather, if they had really fought just now, the Martial Heaven Continent would have been doomed.

The Sovereign had managed to prevent huge casualties from appearing, but Long Chen had refused to stop there. It was only when Dong Mingyu suffered the god’s curse that Long Chen had no choice but to leave to help her. This battle hadn’t seen its true end.

However, just thinking about this battle gave people goosebumps. No one had thought that Long Chen and his Dragonblood Legion would be enough to contend against the entire world’s heavenly geniuses.

They also hadn’t thought that Long Chen and the Dragonblood Legion possessed the power to destroy the world. Everyone had underestimated the Dragonblood Legion and Long Chen.

If it weren’t for Dong Mingyu, Long Chen would have led his Dragonblood Legion into a battle to the death. People could imagine just what that kind of conclusion that would result in. The majority of the continent’s heavenly geniuses would have died here.

If such a thing occurred, then when the dark era descended, the devastated Martial Heaven Continent would not have the power to protect itself. It would be destroyed.

Just as everyone was thinking about various thoughts, the void rumbled. An ancient war chariot flew through the air, and a banner fell from it.

The banner landed on the ground with a thump. After that, startled cries rang out as people recognized it.

The banner was the color of fresh blood. At its center were four rings, all of them different colors. At the center of the rings was the ‘Divine’ character.

“The Four Divines Writ!”

“It hasn’t appeared in countless years. Now it’s showing up again.” Daoist Heavenly Feather sank into deep thought.

Just as everyone was shocked, amongst the crowd, Di Long smiled oddly.

Suddenly, one of the giant Magical Beast corpses on the battlefield moved, causing everyone to jump. That Magical Beast had been Meng Qi’s housepet. Why was it moving again?

In the next instant, the corpse vanished, revealing Wilde. He had collected the corpse and was in the midst of cleaning up the battlefield. While the rest of the Dragonblood Legion had gone, he had stayed behind.

There were too many corpses here. Long Chen had no time to tidy them up, so he left Wilde to pick what he wanted.

Wilde walked up to one of the sea demon corpses and took a bite. He then spat it out. It seemed that it wasn’t to his taste, and he went to pick some other sea demon corpses.

“Put those down, or I’ll beat you to death!”

Just at this moment, the Xuan Beasts began to go through the battlefield as well, wanting to take the corpses of their fellow Xuan Beasts. Wilde’s demand infuriated them. He was viewing the corpses of their fellow Xuan Beasts as food.

“Wilde, let them go. They’re only taking the corpses of their own people. They won’t touch the sea demon corpses,” called out the old man. He didn’t want Wilde to start another fight here.

Wilde didn’t say anything further since the old man had spoken. There were plenty of sea demon corpses for him to pick from. He picked out those with the strongest physical bodies, always taking a bite first to test their Blood Qi.

If they were strong, he would gather them, and if they weren’t, he would toss them aside.

The other experts began to go through the battlefield as well. Seeing their comrades dead, quite a few of them raged with killing intent. Many of their old friends no longer had a corpse to find.

On the other hand, the Martial Heaven Alliance hadn’t lost a single person. They had only used the Martial Heaven Virtue Tablet.

As for the Dragonblood Legion, only a few hundred experts of the Cloud Chasing Heaven Swallowing Sparrow race had died. The proportion of their losses was completely one-sided.

The number losses amongst the heavenly geniuses of the junior generation as well as the old monsters of the senior generation numbered over one million. That was an incredibly tragic loss.

Yu Xiaoyun and the others all had dark expressions. This battle had been a complete loss for them, while Long Chen had managed to soar.

The black qi on the Pill Fairy’s forehead had yet to scatter. The divine seal that Dong Mingyu had placed on her was still present, so she was still unable to use her power. If Dong Mingyu had not had mercy, the Pill Fairy would have died. That was the terror of an assassination.

On the entire battlefield, Dong Mingyu was the most terrifying. Perhaps she was the only one in this world who had a chance to kill Long Chen. Regretfully, she was willing to betray her very god for Long Chen. That was something people still had trouble believing.

However, they also knew that Dong Mingyu’s death was just a matter of time. There was no one in this world who could break a god’s curse. The price for betraying a god was a deadly one.

Far off in the distance was a man with a giant die spinning behind him. He held a pile of dominoes in his hand.

This person was the heir of the Gambling Heavenly Dao, Hu feng. He smiled and put away the dominoes.

“I won the gamble. That really was a frightening battle.”

Hu Feng muttered to himself and vanished without a trace. No one on the battlefield noticed his existence.

The various experts cleaned up the battlefield. Only the Martial Heaven Alliance’s experts didn’t need to do anything. That was because this battlefield didn’t belong to them.

“The Martial Heaven Alliance has no need for traitors, but we won’t lump people together and kill you all. If you have a righteous heart and swear before the Martial Heaven Virtue Tablet to be forever loyal to the Righteous path, the gates to the Martial Heaven Alliance will be open to you,” announced Ye Lingshan just as Qu Jianying was preparing to leave.

Her voice resounded through the battlefield. Countless disciples standing in the neutral camp twitched. They were sorely tempted.

Many people had been forced to leave the Martial Heaven Alliance simply due to the orders of the sect leaders or people in charge. They couldn’t choose for themselves. But today, Ye Lingshan was reopening the doors to the disciples that had left the Martial Heaven Alliance.

They were originally disciples of the Martial Heaven Alliance, and although they weren’t standing on opposite sides now, just standing in the neutral camp while the Martial Heaven Alliance was fighting was a kind of betrayal.

For Ye Lingshan to once more invite them to join her made them feel very emotional. But at that moment, the elders of the various sects began to order their disciples to leave. If all those disciples left, then their sects would become empty shells of no value. No one would care about them.

As everyone scattered, the old man took charge of Wilde. Long Chen had told him not to leave Wilde alone, or he would get lost.

Everyone left, but the Sovereign seal remained at the entrance of the Yin Yang Seal. It hadn’t been broken by the impact of the qi flow stream.

It simply floated there like a spectator watching everything before it.

The battle of the qi flow eruption had shaken the entire Martial Heaven Continent. This had been the most intense competition of qi flow in the continent’s history. Even the sea demon race had participated in it.

In the end though, the strongest expert of the sea demon race was forced to run like a ray. Even one of his horns had been torn off. Their giant army had taken heavy losses.

The Stone Emperor’s descendant and the Blood Emperor’s daughter had both been killed. Their heroic spirits had been brought out as a result and destroyed with the wave of a Sovereign’s hand.

The Dragonblood Legion that Long Chen led had managed to hold out against over half the world’s power. Their fame reached new levels.

To be able to call himself brother to a Sovereign, he was definitely the first. All the experts of the continent discussed this matter for days.

Long Chen, Dong Mingyu, Wilde, Yue Zifeng, Guo Ran, Meng Qi, Ye Zhiqiu, Liu Ruyan, Chu Yao, Tang Wan-er, all their names were spoken on the streets. Everyone had borne witness to the Dragonblood Legion’s terrifying power.

Other than the battle, the other thing that people discussed was the Four Divines Writ.

The Four Divines Writ was an unknown existence to many people. Only some sects with very ancient inheritances knew some rumors about it.

Legend had it that there was an extremely mysterious force above the Martial Heaven Continent known as the divine families. According to the records, after the era of the Sovereigns, there were four divine families protecting the Martial Heaven Continent.

When the Martial Heaven Continent faced a tribulation it could not endure, experts of the divine families would appear to help the continent pass through that tribulation.

However, after helping the continent through the tribulation, the divine families would vanish without a trace. It was impossible to track them. They remained a mysterious existence. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The divine families almost never had any communication with the Martial Heaven Continent. Everyone had questions about what kind of existence they were, or if they even existed.

The appearance of the Four Divines Writ caused huge waves. Originally, people had been very worried about how they would survive the dark era, but the Four Divines Writ amplified their confidence.

The large sects began to warn their disciples that the appearance of the Four Divines Writ indicated that the divine families would be participating in the upcoming tribulation. They were not to offend the divine families. If they offended the divine families, all that remained for them was death. No one would be able to protect them.

The arrival of disciples of the divine families could be a huge opportunity for the Martial Heaven Continent’s disciples. If they were talented enough, perhaps they would have a chance of being accepted into the divine families. Many of the heavenly geniuses were drawn to that possibility. They began to research any information they could about the divine families, only to find that that information was in the hands of extremely old powers. The rest of the world had basically never heard of them.

Just as the continent was filled with talk about the qi flow battle and the Four Divines Writ, Long Chen arrived at the Wine God Palace holding Dong Mingyu.

“High Priest, I beg you to save my friend.”

Long Chen arrived in front of the High Priest and begged. His impression was that perhaps only the High Priest could have the ability to save Dong Mingyu.