Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2510 Fiend King’s Corpse

Up ahead was a giant altar embedded into the ground and wrapped up by the giant tree’s trunk. What was revealed was merely a fraction of the altar, a crescent moon that was so large that it was impossible to see the end of it.

This gigantic altar was made from countless corpses, which were some kind of winged dragons.

They had been piled into very particular diagrams. Those withered corpses seemed to have had all their energy sucked away, but they still emitted frightening auras.

Their auras were not of the thirteenth rank. It seemed that they had reached the peak of the twelfth rank, but the sense of danger that they gave off was far greater than ordinary peak twelfth rank Magical Beasts.

This was a type of dragon that Long Chen had never seen before. Although they looked to be dragons, there was one big difference.

According to what he knew, dragons either didn’t have horns or had a pair of horns. But these dragons had a single horn that was curled backward like a sickle.

Furthermore, they had long and thin tails like a whip. The end of which was a sharp tip with thorns.

“Are they from your evil dragon race?” asked Long Chen.

Evilmoon cursed, “Tch, don’t insult the evil dragon race. These are the lowest cowards of the dragon race, the poison dragons. Furthermore, they’re the most disgusting of the poison dragon race, the long tailed poison dragons. Long Chen, help me out. Toss them into your primal chaos space and destroy them. They’re an insult to the dragon race.”

There were many varieties amongst the dragon race. Long Chen had already encountered the true dragon race, the dark evil dragon race, the purgatory evil dragon race, as well as the spirit dragon race. As for other dragons, according to Evilmoon, they were mostly inferior species with impure bloodlines.

The evil dragons, the spirit dragons, or even the poison dragons were all large classifications. The dark evil dragon race and the purgatory evil dragon race lived in different places, but were still classified as part of the evil dragon race.

They were races directly descended from the true dragon race with their own pure bloodlines. But there was one particular branch within the dragon race, the poison dragons.

The poison dragons were the only ones within the dragon race that possessed poison. Their poison was their greatest weapon. If stabbed, they could defeat an opponent that was even stronger than them.

Despite that, they were always viewed as a disgrace to the dragon race. They didn’t have the soul of the dragon race or the pride. They were willing to submit to anyone else in order to live.

They had even once been raised in large numbers by the human race and used as mounts. They were the only existences amongst the dragon race that could be enslaved.

Due to this, they were viewed as scum of the dragon race, and any experts of the dragon race who encountered them would slaughter them.

It was unknown if it was because the poison dragon race simply lacked any backbone and liked to depend on others, or if it was because they were hunted down by their fellow dragons and had no choice but to rely on others. The history could no longer be traced.

Regardless, there was an immense hatred between the poison dragon race and the rest of the dragon race. They would fight to the death on sight.

Long Chen had no time to gather these corpses at this time. He was rushing toward the core area where spots of divine light could be seen. Ye Ming must be there.

Long Chen rushed toward the core of the altar. He finally saw Ye Ming sitting in the center of it.

In front of Ye Ming was a large figure wearing black armor. This figure was thirty meters tall while sitting, and there was a black sword resting on its knees. Black flames flickered around its body.

Ye Ming seemed to be undergoing some kind of ancient ceremony, communing with this monster.

“Is he trying to awaken it?” asked Long Chen.

“Correct. This is the corpse of the Heaven Devouring Fiend King. His soul essence was exhausted by the dragon king, but his physical body was not destroyed. Just like the rest of the Heaven Devouring Black Armor Corps, the seed of resurrection was planted for the right opportunity. I remember that there was another body of this fiend king in the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest. We took the dragon source, the dragon blood, and the divine bones, resulting in the seal weakening and allowing Ye Ming to profit. He obtained its soul seal. That body was nothing more than a key for the real corpse which is here. He wants to turn this corpse into his puppet, and it seems that he’s almost done. The Black Armor Corps present here is already listening to his orders. Once the fiend king is revived, everyone here will die to it. You have to stop him.” Even Evilmoon seemed to be grave, ignoring the disgrace of the poison dragons.

“What wild ambitions. Can he control the fiend king?” Long Chen was shocked. Ye Ming had guts. What if the fiend king turned against him? Then wouldn’t he be the first one to die? That was an unimaginably terrifying existence that had fought evenly against the dragon king. How could such an expert be controlled?

“If the fiend king was killed by someone, then it would definitely retain its consciousness after reviving. Trying to control it is definitely courting death. But this fiend king was exhausted by the dragon king. The dragon race’s will is the strongest, so its will was already ground down. This makes it perfectly suited for being made into a puppet. It will just be a husk without its own will. Although its power will be less than half of its peak when it was alive, it’s definitely not something anyone here can handle. Furthermore, as someone who has gone through nirvanic rebirth, who knows what kind of tricks Ye Ming has? He must be interrupted now,” said Evilmoon.

Long Chen was already charging over. He slashed Evilmoon at Ye Ming.

Ye Ming’s eyes suddenly flew open. He looked at Long Chen with a contemptuous smile.

“Long Chen, you’re too late. Everything is under my control. Today, all of you will die here.”

BOOM!

A black barrier suddenly appeared, blocking Long Chen’s attack. The entire altar shuddered. The center of the altar actually had a formation protecting it. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

“Damn, this bastard is prepared. The energy here comes from the same source as me.” Evilmoon’s voice changed.

This was dark energy, the same as its own. The barrier was assimilating its energy.

“Everything is futile. Every one of your actions is within my calculations. Just keep struggling. I delight in the appearance of experts right before their deaths,” said Ye Ming indifferently.

Having failed to break the barrier with his first swing, Long Chen put Evilmoon away. “Ye Ming, you really lived a whole life for nothing. You think someone like you can become a god? You should be thankful that you weren’t born in the same generation as me in your last life, or I’d have beaten you into a dog. The calmer you act, the more nervous you are inside. You try to anger me so that I can’t find your weak point. Before, I looked down on you, and now, I look down on you even more.”

Lightning suddenly exploded out of Long Chen. Lightning wings appeared on his back and a lightning spear manifested in his hand.

The lightning grew more and more intense. Countless thin lightning dragons coiled around Long Chen.

At this moment, Long Chen told Lei Long not to hold back any longer. Lei Long’s power rushed out like a dam had been opened.

A layer of lightning armor formed on Long Chen. Even his eyes had lightning runes appear within them. He looked to be the very reincarnation of a lightning god, wild and unstoppable.

It had been a long time since Lei Long had unleashed all its power. The crackling lightning left cracks in the void. Even Long Chen had not expected Lei Long to be this powerful.

After his last tribulation, Long Chen had not unleashed his full thunderforce again. He had simply used it as a support energy.

It was only now that Lei Long unleashed its full power that Long Chen realized how foolish he had been. He had actually possessed such a powerful trump card and kept it hidden for so long.

If it hadn’t been for the fact that thunderforce was a perfect counter to dark energy, Long Chen wouldn’t have even thought to use it.

With Lei Long becoming one with Long Chen, thunderforce raged through his body. It was fortunate that he had absorbed the dragon king’s essence blood and tempered his body again. Otherwise, he wasn’t sure his body would be able to endure the impact.

After seeing the lightning exploding out of Long Chen, Ye Ming’s face was still disdainful. But the hair on the back of his neck silently rose.

Suddenly, Long Chen’s lightning wings shook, and he shot forward like a shooting star. In the next instant, the lightning wings vanished.

Instead, the lightning spear in his hand doubled in width. Lightning surged into his arm like a tsunami.

“Wild Lightning Soul Battle Spear!”

Lightning exploded, tearing through the heavens. The thunder was like the furious roar of a lightning god.

The black barrier appeared once more. This barrier had even managed to block Evilmoon and resist the barrier-breaking effect of Split the Heavens.

However, when the lightning spear stabbed into the barrier, lightning energy spread through it with a violent ripple. In the next instant, the barrier exploded, unable to endure this thunderous attack.

When the black barrier shattered, the lightning spear also broke. Long Chen came charging through the torrent of lightning. Extending a hand, he summoned Evilmoon and slashed it at Ye Ming who could no longer act calm.