Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2683 Beating Long Aotian

One was hastily dodging, while the other was actively advancing. The latter viciously rammed into the former, while the former viciously slapped the latter. As a result, the sound of bones breaking rang out, and Long Aotian let out a pained grunt. His head spun a full circle on his neck

It went without saying that Long Aotian’s physical body was extremely powerful. Anyone else, even the Alldevil Heavenwalker or the others, would have died to the power of this slap.

In truth, if it weren’t for the nine dragon spirits that Long Aotian had summoned automatically blocking a portion of this attack’s power, he might have directly died. Even so, the impact of this sudden slap made his head buzz, and he couldn’t tell left from right. Hence, he randomly swung his dragon spear.

As a result, with a loud bang, his dragon spear flew out of his hand. One was randomly swinging, while the other accurately struck. Long Chen’s power completely suppressed Long Aotian.

After knocking away his spear, Long Chen’s saber slashed toward Long Aotian’s neck. However, Long Aotian’s claw suddenly reached toward Long Chen’s face.

It went without saying that Long Aotian was a true expert. After a slight delay, he quickly recovered. In that moment of crisis, he instantly figured out how to save himself, taking advantage of how close they were versus how long Evilmoon was.

Seeing this, Long Chen snorted and let go of Evilmoon. He shifted slightly, causing Long Aotian’s attack to miss his vitals and strike his shoulder.

Blood splashed. Even in the Azure Dragon Battle Armor, Long Chen’s defenses were unable to block Long Aotian’s claw. As a result, a chunk of his flesh was torn off.

The power of Long Chen’s physical body was well known throughout the Martial Heaven Continent. Even divine items had trouble injuring him. But he was unable to block this simple claw from Long Aotian, so there definitely had to be some kind of divine ability hidden within this exchange.

After tearing off Long Chen’s flesh, Long Aotian unleashed a kick at Long Chen’s abdomen. He was as quick as lightning and actually also skilled in close-range combat.

As his kick was unleashed, Long Aotian’s other hand formed hand seals. The dragon spear was already flying back to him.

Based on Long Aotian’s calculations, he would force back Long Chen and retrieve his weapon, and then unleash a barrage of attacks to take back the initiative.

However, just at this moment, his scalp tightened. His hair had been grabbed by Long Chen.

The reason why Long Chen hadn’t blocked that attack was to grab his hair. That meant he had exchanged the wound to his shoulder for an opportunity.

Hair was not an organ of the body and was also something an expert would not instinctively sense being in danger. As a result… Long Chen once more used the familiar move, pulling his opponent’s face into his knee, once more breaking Long Aotian’s nose which had just healed.

Blood and snot flew through the air, as well as tears. A huge ripple spread through the air from the impact.

At this moment, both friends and foes grimaced, having an instinctual sour feeling in their own noses.

Long Chen then repeatedly slammed Long Aotian’s face into his knee, and the immense power caused heaven and earth to shake. It was unimaginable what Long Aotian was enduring.

Seeing a peerless expert be reduced to this state was shocking. This no longer seemed like a battle between experts but a shameless brawl between ruffians.

Even the Blood Fiend Devil Lord and the others felt a shiver. The current Long Chen was like a berserk dragon. That power was perhaps something that only Long Aotian could endure.

Long Chen’s technique was simple and explosive, with nothing fancy about it. However, it was very effective. Long Aotian was unable to escape no matter how he struggled. He howled furiously, clawing at Long Chen’s arms, but Long Chen didn’t care. He repeatedly struck Long Aotian.

“Smash that bastard to death!” Guo Ran raised his fist and cheered. Thinking of Long Aotian’s previous arrogant display, the Dragonblood warriors felt that this display was particularly satisfying.

Suddenly, sparks flew. Feeling startled, people looked up to see that above Long Chen and Long Aotian, Evilmoon and the dragon spear had collided.

“Their divine weapons are also attacking!” People were startled. Divine items could actually fight without their master’s controls?

The stronger the divine item, the more unwilling they would be to be controlled by others. As a result, they were under harsher seals from their masters, so it was extremely rare to see a divine item fighting on its own.

At this moment, black qi rippled out of Evilmoon, and it repeatedly clashed against the dragon spear. Every exchange was like two stars colliding.

As the divine weapons fought as hard as their masters, two different explosive sounds were repeatedly ringing out. However, they actually ended up in a nice rhythm, causing people’s expressions to grow odd. Was this a fight or a musical display?

“Aotian, don’t fight him in close range! That brute has countless shameless techniques at that range!” shouted Long Qifeng, unable to endure this scene.

Long Qifeng understood his son far too well. The Long family had invested everything into Long Aotian, so his close-range skills were the strongest. Perhaps Long Chen had seen that and didn’t wish to waste the effort on him. That was why he had chosen to be injured just in order to grab Long Aotian’s hair, and now Long Aotian couldn’t use any of his skills.

Long Aotian also knew that if he wanted to reverse the tides, he had to escape from Long Chen’s hold. However, Long Chen refused to let go. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

If it was someone else, the simplest solution would be to tear off their hair to escape. However, he couldn’t. Every part of his body was marked with divine runes, even his hair. Hence, his hair was extremely tough, and not even divine items could cut it easily. Those runes were all supportive runes that allowed him to control even more divine abilities and magical arts.

Ever since he was born, no enemy had ever grabbed his hair to attack him, so he had never thought about this scenario. As a matter of fact, his mind was a mess as he was repeatedly struck in the head by Long Chen.

“Long Chen, I will tear your corpse into ten thousand pieces!”

Blood suddenly exploded. Long Aotian escaped Long Chen’s hold and shot back.

However, not all of him got away. Long Chen still had a fist-sized chunk of Long Aotian’s scalp in his hand, and rainbow blood dripped down it. Upon seeing that, everyone looked toward Long Aotian’s head in unison.