Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2712 Clone

“Change it again? Didn’t you already change it before?” asked Meng Qi.

Last time, in order to forcibly gain more power, Long Chen had changed the proper cultivation path of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art. That had been so dangerous that it had almost cost him his life.

If he changed it again, wouldn’t it be just as dangerous? If something happened to him, then there really would be no hope left for this world.

Long Chen nodded. “Last time, I broke the proper sequence of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art’s cultivation path, causing it to deviate from its original path. When I condensed the Six Star Battle Armor, it was based on the image in my dreams of all nine stars gathering. I didn’t overthink it and just placed the six stars based on that arrangement. Although I succeeded, I could vaguely tell that something was off, but not what exactly. Using the Sovereigns’ techniques as a reference, I understand. This current arrangement of the six stars is the simplest, lowest, and most useless arrangement. When I fought against the Sovereigns, I thought to myself, why was I so weak? I’m the nine star heir, and I’ve had countless hints indicating to me just how terrifying this cultivation technique is. But when I asked myself honestly, I didn’t think that I would be a match for the Sovereigns in a one against one. That doesn’t make sense. Now I understand that I have a divine blade, but I’m fighting with the scabbard. That’s why I’m so weak.”

These words would definitely make the experts like the Blood Fiend Devil Lord cough up blood if they heard them. Someone who had blocked the attacks of all five Sovereigns described himself as weak? Did that leave any room for others to live?

Meng Qi and the others didn’t have much of an understanding of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art. Its origins were unclear, and Long Chen didn’t dare to explain the full story to them for fear of karma.

“Even changing an ordinary cultivation technique is extremely difficult and dangerous, let alone yours…” said Meng Qi anxiously.

“I know. It’s fine,” promised Long Chen. “I’ve figured out the rough shape. With the experience from the Sovereigns, it became clear and simple to me. I even suspect that the Sovereigns were intentionally drawing my attention to this. However, even with the base figured out, I still need to slowly figure out the details.”

Long Chen sighed here, while Meng Qi and the others exchanged a helpless glance. Whether it was refining pills, looking for the Eastern Wasteland Bell, or changing the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art, they could only listen to his troubles. They had no way of helping him.

“The Martial Heaven Continent is surrounded by trouble, and time is incomparably precious. I wish I could clone myself… Wait, clones!” Long Chen suddenly jumped up, his eyes brightening. “Hahaha, I’ve thought of it!”

“Thought of what?” asked Meng Qi and the others.

“I can condense some clones of myself to help me handle things!” Long Chen suddenly excitedly hugged Meng Qi and gave her a kiss, following up with Chu Yao, Tang Wan-er, Yue Xiaoqian, and Dong MIngyu.

They blushed, but seeing him as excited as a child, they also grew excited. However, Meng Qi said, “Condensing clones isn’t so simple. A mistake can cause your realm to drop.”

Most clones were condensed at lower realms. By the Heaven Merging realm, it was extremely rare. Most stopped by the Life Star realm, as the risks were too great beyond that.

“No need to worry. Sovereign Qing Xu has a cloning art that I can use as a reference. It has no side effects.” Long Chen suddenly formed hand seals and instantly transformed into two. “Hahaha, it’s done!” Both Long Chens laughed like mirror images.

“That’s just a projection clone…” Meng Qi and the others didn’t understand. Was such a clone useful at all?

“Don’t be impatient.” Long Chen smiled. “Evilmoon, Ling-er, little Heaven.”

Evilmoon, the Demon Moon Furnace, and the Heaven Flipping Seal appeared and then merged into his clone.

The clone frowned. “Long Chen, what are you doing?” That voice was Evilmoon’s. However, the clone suddenly cutely bounced and said, “Wow, this is fun!”

Seeing his clone put its chin on both its hands with that kind of expression made Long Chen hastily say, “Don’t have me act cute like that.”

Meng Qi and the others had never seen Long Chen act in such a way, so they laughed.

“Evilmoon, you control the clone!” said Long Chen. Seeing himself act like that was not good.

“Nope, I refuse. This leather bag is ugly,” declined Evilmoon directly.

“Haha, this body is fine. Little Heaven is the best and won’t fight with me over it,” said Ling-er. This clone of Long Chen’s began to hop around excitedly, which made Meng Qi and the others roll on the ground in laughter.

Little Heaven was reserved and didn’t like talking, while Evilmoon disdained having to control a clone.

“Ling-er, you can control this clone, but you have to remember, you are me in the view of outsiders. Don’t cause them to see through your identity!” warned Long Chen.

“Understood. So when there aren’t outsiders, I can act as I please.” The clone giggled, raising Long Chen’s goosebumps. A bad premonition rose in his heart.

As expected, the clone ran over to Meng Qi, giggling, “Sisters, today is a happy day! I’ll dance for you! Aiya!”

Long Chen grabbed his clone by the neck, dragging it back. For the first time in his life, he felt an urge to choke himself. “Stop messing around.”

Meng Qi and the others were still laughing. It was their first time seeing Long Chen’s face go through so many expressions. Seeing Long Chen angry, Ling-er stuck out her tongue, causing Meng Qi and the others to almost faint. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Heavens…” Long Chen covered his face, weeping without tears. If it weren’t for the fact that he had no other options, he would destroy this new clone of his.

“Big brother, don’t get angry. I was just teasing you,” said Ling-er, pulling on his hand.

“That’s enough. I don’t like holding a man’s hands, even if it’s my own,” said Long Chen. Taking a deep breath, he calmed himself and said, “Let’s prepare to start refining the Heaven Merging Pills.”