Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2714 Long Chen’s Unease

A hand stopped just three inches from Long Chen’s face. Seeing this scene, Meng Qi and the others covered their mouths in shock, filled with disbelief.

That was clearly Long Chen’s divine face-slapping art, a silent and ephemeral attack. Long Chen himself was almost struck by it.

Long Chen furiously pulled down that hand, smashing it into the ground. As a result, that Long Chen exploded, transforming into a medicinal pill.

“Get them all out here!” barked Long Chen.

The Demon Moon Furnace opened and eight medicinal pills flew out. Before they even manifested their shape, Long Chen’s fist landed, blasting apart the runes surrounding them.

After that, all the medicinal pills were grabbed and tossed into his primal chaos space. Suddenly, the lightning in the sky vanished. With the medicinal pills gone from this world, the tribulation also vanished.

Right now, Meng Qi and the others came forward curiously. Long Chen took out the Heaven Merging Pills once more. They were as black as charcoal, but specks of light flowed within them like countless stars.

These Heaven Merging Pills gave off an extremely sinister feeling, completely different from the Heaven Merging Pills that they had previously refined.

“This medicinal pill’s pill spirit is incredible. If Long Chen refined a few thousand, wouldn’t that be an army?” Tang Wan-er smacked her lips.

That pill had fought exactly like Long Chen just now. Although its aura was weaker, it possessed a portion of his power and combat experience. That was enough to give it incredible power.

The face-slapping art in particular had almost struck Long Chen. Anyone else would probably have no chance of dodging.

Long Chen shook his head. “These demonic pills can’t be controlled like that.”

Tang Wan-er was disappointed. That was truly a pity. She was already envisioning an army of pills commanded by Long Chen.

The reason demon pills were called so was due to how nefarious they were. There were many inexplicable things about them.

Let alone them, even Ling-er, the item-spirit of the Demon Moon Furnace, was unable to fully explain the abilities of demon pills.

Demon pills contained a different kind of power in this universe, one that others couldn’t explain. Not even the Pill Sovereign’s memories had information on that. The only thing that could be said was that this power was demonic.

Long Chen then looked at the demonic pills in his hand. “These pills are like a mirror reflecting all the energies inside my body. Flame energy, thunderforce, the power of my astral spaces… I can even vaguely feel the auras of my divine ring and Six Star Battle Armor. Other than the primal chaos space, all my secrets are within it.”

This was truly shocking. Even during his heavenly tribulation, the Heavenly Daos had been unable to replicate most of his abilities. But these demonic pills had managed to do so.

These demonic pills had not just absorbed his own energy but also the energy of this world, in addition to an unclear demonic energy.

It could be said that these pills were made based on his body. To others, it was a pill of destruction that would kill anyone who consumed them.

At this moment, Long Chen, Meng Qi, and the others began to crazily refine pills. After three furnaces of demonic pills, he tried refining a giant pill.

The result was that the giant pill actually came out to fight him, and its power was shocking. It reflected practically all his techniques, even the Azure Dragon Battle Armor.

However, it didn’t have true Blood Qi backing it, so its power couldn’t compare to Long Chen. It was still defeated and transformed into a large medicinal pill.

Six-colored light flowed over it, just like Long Chen’s divine ring. This divine ring had six stars shining within it just like when Long Chen summoned it.

However, while it was able to imitate the divine ring and Six Star Battle Armor, it was unable to use that kind of power.

Despite that, the power of this pill still made Meng Qi and the others jump. When this giant pill transformed into Long Chen, the red light in its eyes was extremely frightening. It was like a devil king.

Long Chen and the giant pill fought an intense battle. The pill was extremely vicious, exchanging ruthless blows just to injure Long Chen. If it weren’t for Long Chen having an absolute advantage in terms of power, he really might have been wounded.

This giant demonic pill seemed to contain an entire star. It was like the explosive power of an entire world was compressed inside, ready to erupt at any moment.

After beating it, Long Chen rested, while Meng Qi and the others continued refining pills. As for Long Chen, he was examining the giant pill.

The starry light of the giant pill illuminated Long Chen’s face. It was like a mirror. Looking at himself inside of the demonic pill, Long Chen felt a chill. A sense of fear slowly crept over his heart.

The self that he saw within the demonic pill looked completely foreign. It was like the souls of millions of devils condensed into his shape. Just a glance at this version of himself could cause someone to want to die.

“Who are you…?”

Looking at himself in the giant demonic pill, Long Chen clenched his fist. Through this refinement, it felt like he saw another soul within his body.

It was an extremely sinister, bloodthirsty, and violent soul. It was like all the evil of the world was condensed inside of it.

The moment Long Chen spoke to the demonic pill, the demonic pill spoke back to him, saying the same words. It was a mirror seemingly reflecting his inner heart, and it didn’t give him any answer. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Long Chen finally sighed and closed his eyes. For some reason, just staring at this version of himself made him feel exhausted.

Was it the Pill Sovereign’s will? No, the Pill Sovereign’s will was arrogant but not evil.

A heart-devil? No, a heart-devil reflected the most important part of someone, making it consume the rest of a person’s mind.

Just what was it? Long Chen vaguely felt uneasy. In this world, the most frightening thing was the unknown.

He vaguely sensed that there was something within him. Although it had never influenced him, it still made him feel afraid.

In order to not worry Meng Qi and the others, he didn’t mention this to them. But as time passed, he realized something. Even though he always tried to avoid wrapping them in his karma, in truth, from the moment they met, they were already within his karma.

That was why he was now comfortable enough to share these things with them, even the name of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art and some of what he knew about it. If it comforted them, he was comfortable telling them these things. He had a feeling that telling them wasn’t a bad thing.

“Long Chen, news has come from the alliance. The Yin Yang World has launched an attack!” Suddenly, Tang Wan-er ran over anxiously.