Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2716 Striking Back

After the Dragonblood Legion was assembled, Mo Nian, Zi Yan, Wilde, and Ye Zhiqiu split them up into four groups and led them off to their own targets.

Mo Nian brought the first group to Resentful Death City. In order to display the Mo family’s might, he specifically brought ten thousand of the Mo family’s elite disciples, the strongest warriors. They were all hand-picked by Mo Nian.

He had decided to also train his own legion like Long Chen. However, the Mo family’s legion was composed of master archers with overwhelming offensive power while lacking defensive power.

With the Dragonblood warriors, they now had people skilled in both close and long range battle. If Qu Jianying didn’t harshly warn Mo Nian not to mess around, he might even have the urge to lead these people in destroying Resentful Death City.

The second group was Li Qi’s corp, led by Ye Zhiqiu. Their target was the devil race of Devil Spirit Mountain.

The third group was Song Mingyuan’s corp, led by Wilde. In order to be safe, Xia Chen and Guo Ran joined this group. While Wilde’s power was terrifying, he was like a child.

This group specifically chose to target the Ancient Battlefield, because that place was filled with the demon race. In other words, food for Wilde.

Wilde had just returned, but his body was now covered in strange marks. He had two horns shining on top of his head, and his Blood Qi was like fire, twisting the void around him.

They still didn’t know where the Western Desert Ax had brought Wilde, but now that he was back, his aura had become much fiercer. He truly did appear like a monster.

Fortunately, while his aura was frightening, his character was still the same. Furthermore, the Western Desert Ax on his back had recovered a great deal. Most of the rust on it was gone, revealing its divine luster. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Even upon returning, Wilde’s mouth never paused. He was constantly picking out things from a fur sack on his chest and tossing them into his mouth.

Those things were fist-sized corpses of thirteenth rank beasts. Wilde was actually treating them as snacks. Furthermore, it seemed like he would never be full.

The fourth group was Yue Zifeng’s corp, and Zi Yan and Yue Zifeng led it together. Yue Zifeng had also just returned. After the tribulation, he had gone to the Heavenly Sword Gate to pay respects to his master, the old sect master of the Xuantian Monastery, Ling Yunzi.

That trip had taken ten days. Upon returning, the ordinary sword he usually used was gone, replaced with an ancient, fearful sword. Although it had never come out of its sheath, it gave a feeling that if it ever did, it would definitely cause a storm of blood.

With that sword, Yue Zifeng’s entire aura became colder. However, since he rarely spoke, no one asked him what had happened.

As a sword cultivator, his offensive power was incomparable. Moreover, with Zi Yan as support, there was definitely no problem with their group.

In order to be absolutely safe, it wasn’t just the Dragonblood Legion who was mobilized. Ye Lingshan, Nangong Zuiyue, Beitang Rushuang, and Ximen Tianxiong also joined the four groups.

As soon as they were gathered, they flew off in four different directions, going toward Resentful Death City, Devil Spirit Mountain, the Ancient Battlefield, and the Yin Yang World.

When Mo Nian arrived in Resentful Death City, he immediately encountered a group of the Undying race’s experts. After their first sneak attack, they were in the midst of preparing for a second assault.

They were playing tactics, thinking that the Martial Heaven Continent would definitely not expect a second assault right after the first one.

They were planning on consecutive attacks to wipe out the Martial Heaven Continent’s morale. As a result, they were still in the midst of a speech to raise their own morale when Mo Nian arrived.

“Ha, we arrived at the right time!”

Mo Nian gave the order, and the Mo family’s disciples’ bows curved like crescent moons. Arrows rained down like lightning on the Undying race’s experts.

This group of the Undying race had just returned, and now they found that the Martial Heaven Continent had caught their tail.

For a moment, chaos reigned in their midst. After the wave of arrows, Gu Yang led the Dragonblood warriors charging forward. While they were only at the early Heaven Merging realm, they still slaughtered these mid Heaven Merging experts before them.

“Don’t crush them! Keep their heads intact!” shouted Mo Nian. The Dragonblood warriors were too fierce, and their attacks destroyed these experts’ very existence.

Long Chen said that he wanted their heads as compensation to the Martial Heaven Continent. If they were destroyed, then there would be no proof.

However, it was useless. These Undying experts were unable to block a single swing of the Dragonblood warriors’ swords.

“It’s no good!” shouted Gu Yang.

The Dragonblood warriors had started off by absorbing the pill dregs of Long Chen’s first refinement. Due to it containing his world energy, their astral spaces grew once more.

Later on, Long Chen refined demonic pills, and their energy was absorbed by the warriors through formations, resulting in their astral spaces growing as their realm increased.

Their astral spaces were now twice as large as before. A Heaven Merging expert merged Heavenly Dao energy with the world energy in their astral spaces. With that world energy as a foundation, the power they could unleash multiplied. Hence, there was no longer any way for them to control themselves. They couldn’t keep the heads of the enemies intact.

“Fine, then work hard. I’ll just have to use a photographic jade as proof. Mo family disciples, hear my orders! Use the Life Ending Arrows. Don’t let a single enemy escape!”

Hearing that, the Mo family’s disciples took out black arrows with countless barbs. Every barb had a blood-colored rune on it.

Those blood-colored runes contained their life energy. Once those runes pierced into an enemy’s body, they would automatically detonate. They could also detonate with the will of their master.

Once it exploded, a curse rune would be born, one that instantly sucked away the life of an expert. This was a secret art that Mo Nian had found in an ancient tomb. He had specially made these arrows afterward.

The Dragonblood warriors were like tigers descended upon a group of sheep. Those hundred thousand Undying experts were quickly slaughtered. In just four breaths’ time, they were fleeing in all directions.

By fleeing, they became live targets for the Mo family’s disciples. Arrows pierced through their undying bodies, their protective divine light unable to stop the arrows.

Those who were pierced by the arrows died without being able to make a sound. They simply fell limply to the ground.

“Retreat!”

Mo Nian suddenly glanced at the core of Resentful Death City and waved his hand. Everyone rapidly fell back.

“You think you can run now? Keep dreaming!”

A giant hand crashed down from the sky, shattering space, enveloping every Dragonblood warrior and disciple of the Mo family.