Chapter 2810 Seven Star Elder

“Quick, save the teacher!”

Those disciples only reacted now and quickly pulled the teacher out of the wall.

Suddenly, in the middle of the confusion, two screams rang out from outside. Seeing two figures shot in like cannonballs, the disciples hastily fled out of the way.

Those two figures then smashed into the wall, staying there for a while before slowly sliding down. They curled up and groaned in pain.

These two were the disciples standing guard at the entrance. Long Chen had given them each a slap on his way out.

Seeing this scene, the disciples simply stared at each other, flabbergasted. They had never seen such a vicious character in their lifetime.

“The most special institute in the High Firmament Academy? Trash.”

Long Chen’s expression was dark with anger. This academy was a complete mess. In the lower world, he had never seen a sect be messed up to this extent.

Corruption, rot, bullying the weak, even the teachers looked down their noses at others. Now, Long Chen suspected that the dragon expert was deliberately messing with him to have sent him here. What kind of garbage place was this?

He couldn’t stay here any longer. While these people were still in chaos, he walked out.

However, when he reached the exit, he was dumbfounded. How exactly was he supposed to leave? He had come on a flying mount. The mount had already left, and he couldn’t use transportation formations. Was he supposed to walk?

The High Firmament Academy was enormous. He had seen countless canyons and wild beasts on the flight here. Every step would be filled with danger if he was to walk.

The elder at the entrance was still sweeping, so Long Chen went up to him. “Senior, may I ask which way I should go to leave the High Firmament Academy?”

The elder didn’t look at Long Chen. While still solemnly sweeping, he replied, “Youngster, why do you want to leave? You should know that the High Firmament Academy is a place that countless people dream of coming to.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“This garbage place isn’t somewhere I want to stay another day in. All I encountered were a bunch of dog-like idiots. If I stay any longer, I’ll start killing people. If that happens, I won’t be able to leave,” said Long Chen, shaking his head.

“Dog-like? What does that mean?” asked the elder.

“Ah… it’s nothing. In any case, the High Firmament Academy is truly disappointing. I want to leave. Senior, can you tell me the correct path I should take?” Long Chen cupped his fists.

Although this elder was just sweeping, Long Chen felt an indescribable aura from this elder, making him feel that this elder was not as ordinary as he seemed. That feeling stemmed entirely from the senses of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art.

However, this time, even the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art was only able to give Long Chen an extremely vague feeling. He was unable to grasp what it meant.

No matter what, even if he had misjudged, this elder definitely knew how to leave after being here for so long.

“Does a correct path exist in this world? If you can’t even properly walk the path in front of you, then any path you take will ultimately end up in a dead-end,” said the elder.

Long Chen was startled. This elder’s words possessed multiple meanings. It seemed that he was giving him advice.

Just at this moment, over ten figures appeared in the sky. These people were able to stand in the sky while in the immortal world. Hence, upon seeing them, Long Chen’s heart shook.

“Brazen brat, you dare to cause chaos in the Pill Institute?! Kneel and wait to be executed!” shouted one of them.

“Kneel to be executed? Hahaha!” Long Chen’s fury instantly ignited once more. “If you want to execute me, then come and try it. Let me see just how many of you, high and mighty fellows, can live to see tomorrow’s sun.”

Killing intent erupted within Long Chen’s eyes. Ever since coming to the High Firmament Academy, he had only met with difficulties every step of the way. Being surrounded by vile characters was unbearable.

If these people really did attack him, although he didn’t know these people's realms, he was confident that a few of them would perish if he did go all-out.

“Courting death!” That person roared furiously, but just as he prepared to attack, the sweeping elder spoke.

“Youngsters shouldn’t have such a fiery temper. To sacrifice one’s life for a moment of emotion is completely not worth it.”

“Old fellow, just focus on your sweeping!” shouted that person. If it wasn’t for this elder’s age, he might have directly attacked him.

The elder sighed and didn’t say anything. He continued sweeping. As for Long Chen, to avoid implicating him, he intentionally took a few steps away from the elder. He then looked at the disciples that had just come.

The current Long Chen was ready to kill. The rage inside of him still burned, but now that he had entered battle state, it was a quiet rage. His astral energy then began to circulate within him. Although his spiritual yuan had completely vanished after entering the immortal world, his astral energy was still present. Once he did attack, he would definitely take their lives.

This was simply his will. He wasn’t actually so vicious and merciless, but his will did not permit him to be insulted like this. It was his bottom line.

“You dare to resist?! Capture him!” That disciple curiously dived down from the sky like a falcon, his palm slamming toward Long Chen’s chest. His movements were skilled and confident.

His immortal qi circulated within him, possessing great power. However, before he could touch Long Chen’s chest, Long Chen’s hand had struck his face.

No one had expected someone whose mortal qi had yet to regress would have the ability to strike back under the pressure of immortal aura. This slap’s power directly broke that disciple’s neck.

He was flung onto the ground, unleashing a wave of dust. His body twitched, but he was unable to move.

Everyone who saw this was shocked. Following that shock was anger, and they all charged at Long Chen together.

Long Chen’s leg swung out, knocking one disciple down. He then grabbed the latter’s ankle and used him as a human weapon, swinging him at the others.

The others jumped in shock. That person’s bones were broken, so he was completely out of it. If they further injured him, it could be fatal.

As the law enforcement disciples of the Pill Institute, they were alchemists who weren’t skilled in combat. But due to their status, no one dared to resist when they attacked. Of course, today the one that they were attacking was Long Chen.

“Release him!” Those disciples retreated and shouted at Long Chen.

“A bunch of idiots who have never seen blood before also dares to be so arrogant. You’ve led far too peaceful lives. Your heads have rotted.” Long Chen looked at those disciples disdainfully. As soon as the fighting started, he recognized that these disciples might have a high cultivation base, but their actual fighting capabilities were terrible.

This current scene made Long Chen think of how he had first joined the Xuantian Monastery back then. The immortal world? It was even worse than the mortal world. There were even more idiots here.

“Brat, you dare to treat us like this?! Just wait! I- AH!” The disciple hanging in Long Chen’s grasp was still able to speak. Long Chen then threw him onto the ground, breaking his shoulders and thighs. However, Long Chen also reconnected his neck, instantly allowing that disciple to sense the pain throughout his body. He screamed like a pig being butchered.

During this time, more and more people arrived, staring in shock at Long Chen. A newcomer actually dared to torment the law enforcers?

“Stop!”

Suddenly, a sharp cry rang out, one filled with majesty, and it shook people’s souls. A white-robed middle-aged man with a jade belt around his waist appeared.

When that man appeared, everyone hastily bowed. “Greetings, Seven Star Elder!”