Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2812 New Path

Long Chen’s body trembled. After he had recovered from his shock, he looked at the Seven Star Elder and nodded.

“I think that I’ve seen it before.”

“This is the ancestral statue of our Pill Institute. But you ate the offerings to the ancestor…” The Seven Star Elder’s expression suddenly grew severe.

“No one told me. You sent me here, and I was hungry, so seeing this food, I thought that you prepared it for me. I only noticed the statue once I finished eating, so you can’t blame me.” Long Chen shrugged.

The Seven Star Elder almost laughed out of anger. Long Chen had clearly seen the statue as soon as he entered and only started eating afterward. He thought that others didn’t know? The Seven Star Elder had seen it all clearly.

However, he didn’t bother exposing Long Chen. After he took out new fruits and arranged them, he knelt and kowtowed three times.

After he finished kowtowing, he looked toward Long Chen again. “At other sects, your actions would be considered a grave infraction, and you would be immediately executed. However, at the High Firmament Academy, we don’t have such requirements. To kowtow to your ancestors is kowtowing to yourself, kowtowing to your own reverent heart. With a heart of gratitude, you control your own behavior.”

Long Chen raised his thumb, praising, “Senior’s words have deeply touched my heart. Those little brutes outside wouldn’t make me want to kill them if they were like this.”

So far, the Seven Star Elder was the only one who possessed the mannerism of an expert in the immortal world. The rest were trash.

The Seven Star Elder wore a smile that wasn’t a smile. “Does your heart hold reverence and gratitude?”

“Of course. This life of mine only exists due to countless seniors, brothers, and sisters sacrificing their own lives. I’m very much afraid of dying, so I never go out to provoke others. But if others bully me, that would be trampling my dignity, the dignity those people died for. I want to live, and I want to preserve my dignity while doing so. I will not suffer humiliation in silence, living a worthless life of nothingness. I will fight. If I die doing so, so be it,” said Long Chen.

“A useful body doing useless things?” The Seven Star Elder shook his head.

“I disagree with that view. If you endure this kind of humiliation for a long time, your spine will have long since deformed. How will you stand straight in the future? If you kneel for so long, your knees will become glued to the ground. Will you still be able to stand? Aren’t those disciples the best example? After being bullied, they hold in so much anger that they simply wait for new disciples to bully in their turn. Every generation of disciples raised becomes someone who bullies the weak while bending to the strong. What can you hope for from such people?” asked Long Chen.

The Seven Star Elder shook his head. “This kind of thinking is due to your vantage point. If you stood at a higher level, perhaps you would understand. Since you ascended, you should understand. You can change yourself. You can change the people around you. But your power is definitely not enough to change the entire world. You can seize a city and collapse the heavens. But no matter how great your power is, you cannot change the fundamental nature of humanity. Well, let’s not talk about such things for now. I already know what happened. You weren’t in the wrong, but using such extreme methods to counterattack makes you not entirely right.”

Seeing Long Chen was about to argue, the Seven Star Elder waved his hand. “Arguing is meaningless. I’d rather tell you how this matter will be dealt with. Due to both sides bearing responsibility, the consequences will be split. When passing the exam, a newcomer gets a reward, including a pill furnace, Pill Flame seed, five thousand immortal crystals-”

“If they’re all being deducted, I’d rather you not tell me all the rewards I’m not getting,” interrupted Long Chen.

The Seven Star Elder smiled. In the Pill Institute, even instructors had to treat him respectfully, let alone ordinary disciples. But Long Chen had interrupted him several times, and yet his expression made it so that this elder couldn’t get angry with him. It was truly an oddity.

“These benefits are taken from you due to how you handled things. As for the mortal-rank instructor, his-self control is lacking. Since he targeted a disciple in the classroom and attacked first, his position is revoked. He’ll only have a chance to prove himself as an instructor after three years. The law enforcement disciples did not carry out their duties according to the rules, so they are also wrong. They are to be imprisoned for fifteen days and deducted a month’s salary.”

Hearing all this, Long Chen finally felt a bit better. It seemed that the Pill Institute still had some redeeming points. They didn’t just target him, and the others also ended up punished. It could be considered fair.

However, perhaps it was simply because this matter had blown up too big, forcing the Pill Institute to make such a decision. At this stage, it was impossible to downplay and brush this matter off.

“What about afterward? Am I expelled from the Pill Institute?” asked Long Chen. He was prepared to leave, which was why he dared to eat the fruits that were laid out. If he was already getting kicked out, it would be best to grab as many benefits as he could on the way out. In the worst case, at least he would have unlimited fruit to fill his stomach.

“No. Although this matter was abhorrent, the investigation revealed that the root cause was not entirely your wrong. Thus, we are not expelling you from the Pill Institute. You will remain a probationary disciple and be allowed to attend class. However, because you have no Pill Flame or pill furnace, it might be a bit awkward when the time comes,” said the Seven Star Elder.

Ah. So when he was attending class, the instructor would refine pills while lecturing, and everyone would be imitating while he didn’t have anything. He would only be able to watch like a fool. That really was awkward.

“It might be awkward for you this month, but next month you’ll get your monthly resources and be able to buy some refining tools in the Pill Treasure Pavilion,” said the Seven Star Elder.

Upon entering the Immortal World, the Moon and Star Refining Furnace and the Demon Moon Furnace had fallen into slumber. Long Chen didn’t dare to use them. After all, they were objects from the mortal world. If used in the immortal world, the impact of the immortal qi might cause them to instantly explode. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

For now, they couldn’t help him, but he wasn’t in a rush though. He would need to slowly nourish them somehow so that they could be classified as immortal items. Then they could refine pills for him again.

The Demon Moon Furnace, the Heaven Flipping Seal, the Moon and Star Refining Furnace, they were all his trustworthy comrades. It was just that his power was too weak right now. He needed to get stronger to awaken them.

“These are the rules for the academy’s disciples. You should familiarize yourself with them so you don’t break them in the future.” The Seven Star Elder handed a bone tile to Long Chen. After that, Long Chen’s Spiritual Strength entered it, and a flood of information entered his mind.

This bone tile was given to him for him to slowly peruse afterward. Normally, the amount of information within was something ordinary disciples required several days to digest.

However, Long Chen instantly received it without his expression changing. Such a powerful Spiritual Strength shook the Seven Star Elder.

“Senior, can I ask you to help me with something? I want to borrow some money,” said Long Chen suddenly.

“Sorry, but if I lent you money, it would be considered secretly supporting you. This discipline would then be meaningless.” The Seven Star Elder shook his head.

“No, you misunderstand. I don’t want to borrow money to buy a pill furnace or Pill Flame. I want to take the test to become an instructor,” said Long Chen. He saw a new path in front of him, and it was a bright and open path.

Who would want to be a crappy disciple? He wanted to be the instructor and not suffer this nonsense.