Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2821 Heaven, Earth, Human, Mortal

“Congratulations. In the future, I’ll have to call you instructor Long Chen,” said Heaven Master Yun Yang with a kind smile.

“You honor this junior too much.” Long Chen received the status plate a bit emotionally. With this, he would be getting quite a bit of income.

The High Firmament Academy was not a charity. Everything required money. Without money, it was difficult to even take a single step forward. If that was the case, you would only be able to watch others advance every day while you stagnated.

“An instructor gets a decent salary, but it’s not so great. However, someone with skill will not be buried within the academy. Work hard,” encouraged Heaven Master Yun Yang. After saying that, he left. Mu Qingyun wanted to send him off, but he just flapped his hand at them and left on his own.

Staring at his back, Zhong Ling sighed. “Heaven, Earth, Human, and Mortal. Heaven Master Yun Yang is at the highest level, and he is still so kind. But there are a lot of others with lower positions who swagger down the streets like they’re crabs.”

The High Firmament Academy’s teachers were split into four tiers: Heaven, Earth, Human, and Mortal. Other sects also did the same thing.

As for Long Chen’s trial, it was just for the lowest level, a Mortal-ranked instructor. But even the lowest level still had a good income.

Other than the set salary, there were also bonuses for holding extra classes and such. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Every month, the academy only had two classes for the public that were free. If the disciples felt that they wanted to learn more or if they felt that a certain teacher’s instructions weren’t clear, they could pay money for any teacher.

They could do it one on one or in groups. It was more profitable to do it in groups since the price was split among multiple people.

Mu Qingyun and the others often formed groups to attend lectures, raising their overall power.

As for this Heaven Master Yun Yang, his classes were completely free, and he also didn’t stand on air. He answered all questions without holding anything back.

It was only regretful that Heaven Master Yun Yang was extremely busy. Mu Qingyun and the others had only managed to attend two of his lessons, but every lesson always benefited them immensely. There was no way for the other instructors to compare to him. He was beloved by all within the academy.

Seeing his mannerism and then comparing it to the other instructors, Zhong Ling sighed.

Long Chen indifferently said, “A full bottle doesn’t make noise when it shakes, but a half-empty one makes plenty of noise. The more learning someone has, the more they feel like there is to learn. Mature wheat bends. Only dried-up wheat stands straight up as if afraid others won’t see it.”

His luck was decent today as he had encountered both Lei Xiao and Heaven Master Yun Yang. He supposed he couldn’t say that there weren’t any real experts within the High Firmament Academy now. But the academy’s lower ranks were a complete mess. How was it that the higher-ups weren’t doing anything?

“Third brother, your words were really well said. I like the comparisons. You must also be someone with great learning,” said Zhong Xiu. Both these two sisters were very pure and unrestrained, even calling Long Chen third brother very naturally. They looked at him with worship in their eyes.

That was due to Long Chen’s young age combined with his terrifying prowess in combat and his way of talking. Although his clothes were tattered and he looked worn down, it didn’t conceal his heroic spirit.

The Divine Lightning Elder called him brother at first sight, and even Heaven Master Yun Yang viewed Long Chen favorably. That clearly showed that Long Chen was worthy of their respect. In all their years of cultivation, they had never seen a person reach this level.

“Brother Long, congratulations on being promoted. There’s still plenty of time, so would you like to celebrate with us?” asked Mu Qingyun. She was happy to have formed a connection with Long Chen. Considering how the Divine Lightning Elder and Heaven Master Yun Yang viewed him, his future prospects were limitless.

“I have just entered the immortal world and am penniless. Having you pay for me would be embarrassing,” said Long Chen helplessly.

On the Martial Heaven Continent, he had reached the point of no longer needing money. However, now that he had just ascended, it was like he had been beaten back to the very start of his journey. Not having money really was painful.

Mu Qingyun smiled. Before she could speak, Zhong Xiu giggled, “It’s fine. You’re going to be an instructor. If you feel embarrassed, you can just teach us some more. That way, you won’t owe us anything.”

“Zhong Xiu, how can you make a transaction over such a matter? Being able to meet brother Long and become friends with him is enough to celebrate a meal over. Brother Long, please don’t overthink it. Otherwise, it would make us feel bad,” said Mu Qingyun.

With how enthusiastic she was, Long Chen didn’t feel good declining. That would make him seem unreasonable.

Hence, seeing him agree, they cheered, especially Zhong Ling and Zhong Xiu. Mu Qinglin shook her head slightly looking at them. A somewhat helpless expression appeared on her face.

After that, they walked out of the courtroom, and Mu Qingyun led the way. They then went to a place where flying immortal beasts were provided to disciples to move around. These flying mounts were small, usually only for one or two people at once.

Within the academy, the lower your cultivation base, the more trouble you had to go through. Perhaps this was the motivation for disciples to focus on cultivation. The higher their cultivation bases, the more benefits they got.

In the end, Long Chen ended up on the same mount as Mu Qingyun. He felt a bit awkward because he saw Zhong Ling and Zhong Xiu smiling playfully.

However, Mu Qingyun was very relaxed. She sat first, so Long Chen naturally could only thicken his face and sit with her.

The immortal beasts started flying, forming a line. Long Chen didn’t speak on the way and just stared at the ancient forest they were flying over.

With Long Chen not speaking, Mu Qingyun also felt a bit awkward. The two of them were just silently sitting there.

In the end, it was Mu Qingyun who spoke first. “Brother Long, I have one thing I don’t understand. The Pill Institute offers its disciples the best benefits. Why would you come to the God Institute to be a teacher?”

“Isn’t it because of that idiot teacher that caused me to lose my initial benefits? He actually wanted to use me as an example of what not to do, trying to humiliate me in front of everyone. After that, I just slapped him into the wall so hard that he couldn’t get out.” Just mentioning this matter made Long Chen angry. He truly found it difficult to stomach to see someone who was trash at alchemy give him pointers on it. If he had been a bit angrier at that time, he might have killed that idiot.

Mu Qingyun couldn’t help laughing. The expressions and gestures that Long Chen used when telling his story were too funny. Even she was teased into laughing.

The sound of her laughter was pleasant to hear, but this laughter made Long Chen feel a bit embarrassed.

“Don’t misunderstand, I’m not laughing at you. The way you talk is just really interesting,” said Mu Qingyun with mirth.

“Watch out!”

Long Chen suddenly shouted and grabbed Mu Qingyun. After that, the two of them went flying off of the immortal beast’s back.

They had barely fallen off of the beast when a giant figure appeared and smashed into the immortal beast. The beast cried out and plummeted from the sky.