Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2827 Official Ceremony

There was a ceremony to officially bestow titles to the new instructors every three months, and Long Chen’s luck wasn’t bad. He was promoted just a few days before the ceremony. If he missed it, it would take another three months.

This ceremony was quite significant. Many of the disciples of the God Institute came to watch, especially the new ones.

One reason was to get a look at these new instructors, but the main thing was to decide which instructor’s lessons they would buy with their money.

There were millions of disciples present. It was a veritable sea of people. However, all these people didn’t dare to make a sound.

At the front of the palace was a large stage with three levels. At the bottom were nine positions, at the middle were three positions, and the highest only had one position.

The nine people at the bottom were the Human-ranked instructors. At the middle were the Earth Masters, and at the very top was the kindly Heaven Master Yun Yang.

It was said that there were over eight thousand instructors in the God Institute. They had five hundred eighty at the Human rank, thirty-six at the Earth rank, and only four at the Heaven rank.

Mortal-ranked instructors were limitless, but rising in rank was extremely difficult. There were strict requirements, and the numbers didn’t change.

In order to take the test to be a Human-ranked instructor, you needed to squeeze out the last place Human-ranked instructor. The Earth rank was the same. As for the Heaven rank, well, at that level, Mu Qingyun wasn’t qualified to know the inner details.

The Human, Earth, and Heaven Masters that had appeared now were all existences with high statuses. However, Long Chen noticed that other than Heaven Master Yun Yang, the others didn’t seem too friendly with him.

In fact, some of them were glaring at him with clear hostility.

“Long Chen, make sure to control your temper. This ceremony is actually another kind of exam. If you fail, you might lose your qualifications. Be careful,” whispered Mu Qingyun.

“I’ll do my best.” Long Chen nodded. Control? If he could control himself, he wouldn’t be Long Chen. If things went well, then good. If they didn’t, then he would think of something else.

Mu Qingyun had to join the crowd as a disciple, so she was only able to send him to this point. She then watched as Long Chen stepped forward on his own.

“Who is that? His mortal qi is so strong! Is he a disciple?”

“Curious. If his mortal qi is so dense, how did he pass the exam to enter the God Institute? Does he have connections? But even then, the cheating is far too obvious.” Quite a few people spoke up when they saw him.

They were also newcomers, and many of them didn’t even know Mu Qingyun’s name. They were simply astonished that someone with such dense mortal qi had passed the exam to enter the God Institute.

The God Institute’s normal requirements were for someone to have expelled at least seventy percent of their mortal qi. Only then were they qualified to join.

However, Long Chen’s mortal qi was so dense that it was clear he hadn’t even expelled thirty percent of it. For him to appear here, it astonished countless people. They also felt disappointment in the God Institute’s examinations.

Although they had also seen other kinds of cheating along the way, they had never seen it be so blatant.

“What is he doing? He’s walking toward the stage?” Just at that moment, an uproar arose. They saw Long Chen walk to where the other instructors were.

In front of their dumbfounded gazes, he stood with them. If Long Chen joined the God Institute as a disciple through his connections, then fine. But to become an instructor? Just what kind of flagrant cheating was that?

“If you novices don’t know anything, then don’t prattle. Do you know who that person is? That’s the most vicious newcomer in thousands of years. If you keep blindly talking about him, you might cause a calamity to descend upon yourself,” said one person to those questioning disciples. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Senior apprentice-brother, is there some story behind this?” asked one person curiously.

“A story? It’s practically a legend. That blacked-robed senior apprentice-brother is surnamed Long. His given name is Chen. And he sometimes calls himself Master Long San. He ascended from the lower plane. When he arrived in the immortal world, he came to the academy to register. He found this process dislikable, so he directly became a worker. In just a few days, he became a high level worker and qualified to take the exam to be a disciple, saving a huge amount of time. He passed the Pill Institute’s exam with full marks, but then on the first day of classes, he beat up an instructor. Despite that, he was only disciplined by taking away some rewards for new probationary disciples. He then went to the God Institute to take the trial to become an instructor there, passing with full marks in all trials once more. When someone tried to contest him, he killed the expert ranked ninety-seven on the human rankings. When he stood trial for this, he also beat up the disciplinary Elder. Even the third rank Zhong Changsheng was slapped in the face and didn’t dare to retaliate. Furthermore, one of the four pillars of the God Institute, the Divine Lightning Elder, called him brother at first sight. Two days ago, a group of idiots from the Prime Glory Alliance used their flying boat to smash into him, enraging him. Master Long San almost killed all of them. A boat of people almost went to see a Yama King. Tell me, do you think such a figure is someone that you can comment on?”

Wherever there were people, there was gossip. Some people even specialized in this area.

Long Chen wasn’t aware that in just a few short days, his name had spread throughout the entire God Institute. Only some newcomers who had just passed the exams were still in the dark about him. At this moment, many people had already heard his story. One person passed it to ten, ten passed it to a hundred, until everyone heard it.

These fresh newcomers were all stunned upon hearing this story. This person was absolutely vicious.

Originally, they had thought that Long Chen had used his connections to reach this point. But even then, even if he had used a backdoor, that required a certain power and guts. He beat up an instructor on his very first day? Just how heaven-defying were his guts?

In truth, the reason Long Chen’s name spread so quickly was also thanks to Mu Qingyun and the others’ efforts.

Although Long Chen didn’t join their Unfettered Alliance, he remained friends with them. Hence, the greater his fame, the more that they would benefit. Thus, when outsiders asked them what had happened to them, they didn’t hold anything back. They explained it all in great detail.

They were friends, while the Prime Glory Alliance had drawn Long Chen’s ire multiple times now. They were definitely going to be enemies. Since that was the case, the greater Long Chen’s name, the greater of an impact it would have on the Prime Glory Alliance, and the more beneficial it would be to the Unfettered Alliance.

Uproars continued to rise throughout the crowd as people explained to the newcomers just how terrifying Long Chen was. Mu Qingyun smiled slightly. It was as if she was watching a new star rise within the God Institute.

“The ceremony has commenced! Mortal-ranked instructors, step forward. It’s time for the final test!”

“The final test?”

Upon hearing someone shout that, quite a few expressions changed.