Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2828 Stunning Everyone

Long Chen was surprised. He noticed that a significant portion of the Mortal-ranked instructors standing with him looked worried by this.

Long Chen was unaware that this was different from past ceremonies. In the past, it was just the Human-ranked instructors asking some questions, while the Earth Masters graded them. As for the Heaven Masters, they were only there to confer the official status plates.

They had never heard of a final test. There were over two hundred people standing with Long Chen, and almost half of their expressions changed. This also included some of the Human and Earth-ranked instructors.

At this moment, Heaven Master Yun Yang smiled and said, “According to the reports that we received from disciples, some of our Mortal-ranked instructors were abusing their positions. Moreover, some new disciples only passed due to their connections with these corrupt instructors. Even a single bad apple can spoil the entire bunch, and this damages the prestige of the academy. Of course, we can’t simply believe people’s words, but in order to ensure the longevity of the academy, I feel like an investigation is a must to determine everyone’s innocence.”

Long Chen pondered these words. All the God Institute’s higher-ups seemed to possess their own wisdom and foresight. Had he been fooled by what he had seen on the surface?

“Zhao Yiyong, step forward for the test,” announced a law enforcement disciple, reading off of a scroll.

That Zhao Yiyang stepped forward. As soon as he pressed his hand against the testing stones, startled cries rang out.

“One hundred and seven! He’s already one hundred and seven years old! Someone over eighty isn’t allowed to take the test to become an instructor!”

There was an age limit on new Mortal-ranked instructors. That was because these new instructors had to continue their own cultivation and study in order to progress to the Human, Earth, and Heaven ranks.

Someone who had lost their sharpness and their drive was unacceptable for this position. It was because the God Institute did not wish to spend so many resources on Mortal-ranked instructors with no future prospects.

As the very first one to be tested was revealed to be cheating, it caused quite an uproar.

That Zhao Yiyang was filled with disbelief. He began to sweat and he clenched his hand.

At this moment, the law enforcement disciple grabbed Zhao Yiyang’s wrist, forcing his hand open. A tiny crystal then appeared, twinkling with a blood-colored light.

“Blood bone rune. It’s often used for cheating age tests. Did you think you would be able to slip through this time?” sneered the law enforcement disciple.

An Earth Master stood and shouted angrily, “How brazen! You dare to cheat?! Have him-”

“Instructor Ming Ze, don’t be anxious. Let them continue,” said Heaven Master Yun Yang. That Earth Master Ming Ze could only sit.

Long Chen then looked at Ming Ze and smiled slightly. This fellow’s guilt was clear to him. Hence, the problem probably wasn’t as simple as had been announced. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The test once more continued. They were the same tests as before, but now they were held for everyone to see. Since everyone could clearly see the testing process, there was no way to cheat.

Three people were unable to lift the heavy spear, while the pellet and wooden puppet tests were even more chaotic. Half the people who had supposedly passed these exams now failed to meet the requirements.

The disciples were in an uproar. As for the instructors on the stage, they were also growing uneasy.

That instructor Ming Ze said, “Heaven Master, these people are too hateful. They must be severely punished. But carrying out these tests here isn’t good for the image of the God Institute. If the institute head were to learn of it…”

Heaven Master Yun Yang asked, “What image? Does the God Institute have a certain image? That doesn’t matter. There is nothing about the God Institute that cannot be shown to everyone. If we made a mistake, then we must admit it and correct it. Concealing it would be wrong, don’t you think?”

“Yes, Heaven Master is correct.” Ming Ze might be a respected Earth Master, but his status was clearly not enough in front of Heaven Master Yun Yang.

Seeing Ming Ze’s unease, Long Chen smiled with ridicule. This Ming Ze was definitely aware of this corruption and cheating. If the investigation pursued who had helped these people, he would probably be exposed.

Other instructors on stage also acted calm on the surface, but their unease did not escape Long Chen.

Long Chen laughed inside and looked at Heaven Master Yun Yang. The latter was silently removing a tumor. As expected, upon reaching that level, there was not one incapable person.

This was also appropriate. If this corruption continued, it would probably reach all the way to the foundation of the entire academy.

At this moment, Long Chen’s turn arrived. He easily picked up the spear, causing quite a few people to cry out in shock. That spear was shockingly heavy, yet Long Chen picked it up like nothing. Let alone the disciples, even the other instructors were dumbfounded. Just how powerful was his physical body?

If Long Chen was a large muscular man, perhaps they would find it comprehensible. But Long Chen didn’t look so big.

Next was the pellet dodging and striking the wooden puppets. Long Chen gracefully passed through them. That easy appearance of his drew out shocked cries from countless disciples.

Zhong Ling and Zhong Xiu also cheered loudly for him. Although they heard that he had passed with full marks, personally witnessing it was another thing.

Long Chen passed through without pause. The pellets and puppets were unable to touch even his clothes.

Although there had been people who passed with full marks in this exam before, they were still very few in number. Furthermore, they had not done it as easily as Long Chen. Luck had also been a factor.

On the other hand, Long Chen had passed with full marks twice, and while looking extremely at ease at that. That already showed everyone what absolute power was.

Even Heaven Master Yun Yang was moved. From the first moment he had seen Long Chen, he had known that Long Chen was an extremely powerful person. That sharp gaze of his was concealing a frightening killing intent, so his battle experience had to be immense.

However, when Heaven Master Yun Yang personally watched Long Chen pass, he knew that the latter hadn’t used any supreme battle skills or techniques. Instead, it seemed that the instincts of the battlefield had merged with his soul, stunning the Heaven Master.

“It seems that the God Institute has picked up a treasure. This has to be reported to the institute head.” Heaven Master Yun Yang couldn’t stop himself from smiling.