Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2832 Huo Linger Awakens

“What are you looking at? Do your work!”

Long Chen was solemnly identifying various immortal herbs when a supervisor at the side stared at him. He saw Long Chen put away an immortal plant. He then wanted to stop Long Chen, but he didn’t dare to.

Here, he was the chieftain in charge of the low tier immortal plants. When disciples of the Pill Institute came, he usually shouted and ordered them around. However, when he saw Long Chen, he didn’t dare to make a sound.

Although Long Chen hadn’t made as big of a ruckus here in the Pill Institute, the matter of him beating up others had reached them here.

As for this supervisor, he was well aware of everything, which was why he was so scared. Someone that dared to beat up instructors and Elders was not someone he wished to provoke.

Due to this, despite feeling aggrieved, he didn’t stop Long Chen from secretly taking the plants. He wanted to stop him, but he didn’t dare to.

“Senior apprentice-brother Long Chen, the precious medicines here are all accounted for. If one or two are missing, this junior brother will be able to cover it up. But if it’s any more than that…” The supervisor finally miserably spoke up.

He was also afraid of taking responsibility for this matter. If it was someone else doing this, he would have started off cursing them and maybe even captured them. But he didn’t dare to do the same to Long Chen.

“Oh, is that the case? Alright, I won’t make things hard on you. I’ll only take one of every single plant,” said Long Chen after a moment’s thought.

That person almost wept from joy, and he actually personally helped Long Chen dig out the plants. Through this, Long Chen learned that this medicinal field was actually a lucrative place.

This supervisor had been here for many years. Using his authority, he had stealthily moved the medicinal plants here and there. As long as he maintained the quota, the higher-ups wouldn’t investigate.

By planting such extras here and there, he obtained some extra medicinal ingredients that entered his pocket. However, a portion of those gains were also sent up above as a kind of offering. It was simply a way to make sure that this position of his didn’t fall into someone else’s hands.

That was another reason why he didn’t dare to report Long Chen. If he did and everything was counted, he would be exposed.

Fortunately, Long Chen truly did accept just taking one each. If that was the case, he could easily cover it up.

This medicinal field was only for low tier plants. There were over four hundred different species, but altogether, it was possible to refine a complete Mortal Ascension Pill from them. That was Long Chen’s main goal.

Every plant the supervisor dug out was respectfully sent to Long Chen. He then gave Long Chen a small sack as well. It went without saying that this was a bribe of immortal crystals. However, Long Chen didn’t accept it.

Instead, he told that person not to worry. Having helped him, Long Chen would find a way to repay the supervisor in the future if he had a chance. He wouldn’t hurt his benefactor after achieving his goal. This person had wanted to pay Long Chen to keep his secret quiet, but Long Chen wasn’t such a person.

Once he was done with the medicinal field, Long Chen returned to the God Institute. In his new house, he went upstairs and entered the cultivation room. His mind then sank into the primal chaos space.

The primal chaos space hadn’t changed after he ascended to the immortal world. It was still quiet. However, at this time, there were two spheres of light.

One was red, while one was violet. They were Huo Linger and Lei Linger’s cores.

In the final battle of the Martial Heaven Continent, both of them had used up all their power and fallen into a slumber.

It seemed that ascending to the immortal world had impacted them. They didn’t wake up. Instead, they remained in this state.

At this moment, there were three fist-sized flames burning around Huo Linger’s sphere. Those were immortal flames, also known as immortal spirit flames. There were all kinds of them, and he had bought them in order to nourish Huo Linger. These immortal flames that he had bought were flame seeds condensed by formations from the flame energy within heaven and earth.

These were the lowest level immortal flames, but despite that, they were still stronger than his Inverse Dao Water Spirit Flame, which was ranked one on the Earth Flame Rankings. There was a qualitative difference between them that made it impossible to compare them.

The mortal world’s flames were unable to remain lit in the immortal world. This was also why Huo Linger remained in slumber.

However, by seeing Huo Linger, Lei Linger, the Heaven Flipping Seal, the Demon Moon Furnace, and the Moon and Star Refining Furnace all in slumber, he could conclude that the primal chaos space was linked to the immortal world.

Although the primal chaos space hadn’t changed, if it was truly an isolated space, they would also be isolated and wouldn’t be impacted by the immortal world’s laws.

Long Chen’s original forest and medicinal plants had all been destroyed. Other than the Yin Yang Immortal Grass, the rest had all died. Originally he had thought that he had overdrawn their life energy to the point that even replenishing that life energy afterward wasn’t enough to revive them.

However, when he looked at the Heavenly Dao Tree, he saw that while its fruit had completely vanished, the patterns on its leaves and their shape seemed to have changed in many almost unnoticeable ways.

The primal chaos space had to have gone through a silent transformation. Fortunately, its abilities hadn’t been sealed. The pits of the various fruits that he had consumed were already growing. There were tiny saplings growing out of the ground.

He then transplanted the immortal plants that he had just gained. They flourished here. Long Chen quickly grew his own medicinal field again.

Regretfully, he did not possess immortal spiritual energy, and his spiritual yuan was sealed in the immortal world. Without the immortal spiritual energy of the immortal world, he couldn’t quicken the rate of growth inside of the primal chaos space. Otherwise, he would be able to expedite the growth of these immortal plants. The current Long Chen was truly waiting for many things to be done.

However, right now, the most urgent one was to awaken Huo Linger. As long as Huo Linger awoke, he could refine pills. Medicinal pills were the fastest way for him to expel his mortal qi.

Suddenly, Huo Linger’s sphere quivered and Long Chen was delighted. He then sent his Spiritual Strength into the sphere, and finally there was a spiritual fluctuation from Huo Linger.

Huo Linger had awoken. Rather than passively absorbing the immortal flame seeds, she was actively absorbing their power to strengthen herself.

However, even then, she was absorbing them very carefully. After all, they were immortal flames, existences far stronger than her. She needed to refine them bit by bit.

As the lowest level flames in the immortal world, these flames possessed almost no consciousness at all. That was why Long Chen wasn’t worried about them devouring Huo Linger. He supposed that low grade flame seeds had their benefits.

As Huo Linger absorbed them, her power gradually rose. The image of a dragon gradually appeared within the sphere.

Clearly, Huo Linger had been reborn now that she had been brought to the immortal world, once more becoming Huo Long. She had returned to her dragon state, and to revert to a human form would take a long time.

This was almost equivalent to a kind of nirvanic rebirth. Fortunately, Huo Long’s intelligence remained. Cultivating wouldn’t be difficult in the future. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

After two hours, the three flame seeds rapidly dimmed, and a foot-long flame dragon appeared in Long Chen’s hand. Huo Long then rubbed Long Chen’s thumb with her head.

Long Chen smiled and rubbed the flame dragon. “No rush. You’re still too weak, and the immortal world’s laws are binding you. You can’t speak yet, but we can still communicate spiritually.”

Long Chen took out a bronze pill furnace. This was the only pill furnace that he could use at the moment. “Let’s first refine a furnace of pills and see what happens.”

“This is my first step toward sweeping through the immortal world.” Upon looking at the pill furnace, his old confidence returned.