Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2834 Long Chen’s Methods

As soon as Long Chen arrived, he killed someone. Hence, the remaining disciples were scared out of their minds.

These disciples were about to finish their studies and return back to their homes, so they were actually extremely vexed to be required to attend some sudden training.

Furthermore, when they learned that they were being forced to do this because someone called Long Chen had wagered against Heaven Master Yun Yang using them as the stakes, they were incensed.

Thus, even before meeting Long Chen, they hated him. However, Heaven Master Yun Yang said that if they didn’t come, he would expel them, so they had no choice.

They had all been pondering on how they could mess with Long Chen when he suddenly arrived and killed one of them without a word.

An instructor killing people? Was he really an instructor? If the academy learned of this, he would be killed. Furthermore, those who could join the Elite Group all had powerful backgrounds. Was this Long Chen crazy?

“How… how can you randomly kill people?!” shouted one of them finally.

A sword pierced that person’s chest. He then stared in shock at Long Chen, reaching toward him. However, before his arm reached Long Chen, he fell to the ground.

That disciple was kicked to the side by Long Chen who then sheathed his sword. Looking at that corpse, he shook his head. “Why don’t you have any memory? I asked a question. By answering beside the point, are you unaware that you’re wasting my precious time?”

Suddenly, someone fled from the ground, running as fast as he could.

As a result, an arrow shot out. That disciple then cried out as the arrow pierced through his chest with a burst of blood. He fell.

Long Chen put down his crossbow and unhurriedly placed it on a nearby rock. He then sat down on the rock with a pleased expression. Looking at the terrified disciples before him, he smiled with his teeth. “Don’t be nervous. I’m actually very friendly…”

Long Chen’s smile was normally very warm, very sunshiny. However, after killing three people in a row, being able to reveal such a smile made people’s hair stand on end.

Long Chen’s teeth gave them the feeling of a bloodthirsty beast. Goosebumps covered them from the tips of their toes.

“However, the precondition is that you listen to me. Otherwise… I don’t mind killing everyone here.”

Long Chen lightly tapped his crossbow against the rock. That light sound shook their hearts.

This was no instructor. This was a devil, a devil that killed people without blinking. Hence, these disciples quivered in terror. All their arrogance from the start vanished without a trace.

“Perhaps you’ve heard some rumors before coming here. I know that none of you will cooperate with me. Thus, I have no hope of winning the bet. If you’re going to make me lose, then don’t even think about getting out alive. If someone like me has to get dragged by you, then there’s no need for a group of resource wasters to stay alive in the immortal world,” said Long Chen.

“Monster. This is definitely a monster. We’re definitely dead.” The disciples were all screaming inside. After losing his own wager, he was going to blame and kill them?

As soon as they thought of death, these disciples’ legs turned soft. Although in terms of cultivation, their talent was worthy of being called elite, their actual power was only a condensation of the resources that had been spent on them. They had never seen blood before, so they were truly greenhouse flowers.

“Don’t even think about running. This crossbow of mine is not vegetarian. Of course, if you have the guts, you can all swarm me at once. If you kill me, you’ll be free. But I’d advise you to save the effort. Even if there were millions and millions of you, you wouldn’t be able to even touch me. You are so weak that it surpasses my expectations. I even suspect that I should just give up on the bet and directly kill all of you before running.” Long Chen frowned slightly as if debating with himself.

The disciples felt chills at this consideration. After that, a disciple stepped forward, quivering. “Instructor Long Chen… we’re all very talented. As long as we properly cultivate, we can get onto the divine rankings. Trust us…”

“How can a group of cowards get into the divine rankings? Even if I believe it, do you believe it yourself?” Long Chen shook his head disdainfully.

“Instructor Long Chen, please give us a chance! Isn’t there still a month left? We can definitely succeed!” cried out another disciple.

They were all afraid of death. After all, they were all existences with large influence amongst their various backgrounds. As they enjoyed endless wealth and glory, they didn’t want to die here.

“We can testify that those people died from killing each other! It has nothing to do with you!”

“Yes, they fought amongst each other and struck each other down! You did nothing!”

All of them began to nod along. As long as they could live, they would listen to Long Chen. In order to avoid him making a desperate decision to cover his tracks, they were willing to cover up how he had killed some of them.

They just wanted to stall for some time. As long as the academy’s people came, they could escape.

“That’s a viable option.” Long Chen nodded.

Hearing that, all of them were relieved. Their lives had been spared.

“Everyone, come and take a pill. This pill contains poison that only I can cure. If you don’t want to die, don’t even think about running. Of course, you can choose not to eat it. It’ll be far more direct for me to just kill you,” said Long Chen, taking out a pile of pills.

Silence reigned for a few seconds before reality proved that they were truly greenhouse flowers with no backbone to speak of. They all chose to consume the pill.

“Alright, go wait at the end of the valley. I’ll clean up the corpses here,” said Long Chen.

The Elite Group quickly left. When there was no one else around, those corpses on the ground began to move.

“Third brother, that really hurt! I thought I was really going to die!” The first disciple whose neck Long Chen had wrung sat up.

“Third brother, you’re too vicious. You acted so smoothly that I really thought you were taking it seriously.” The disciple who had been pierced by his sword also sat up. His face was pale. That sword really had pierced him but had avoided his vitals. However, it was still not a light wound.

The most injured one was the guy who had been pierced by an arrow. It took him a long time before he could sit up.

“It’s been hard on you. I’ll remember this favor.” Long Chen patted their shoulders. In the future, the Unfettered Alliance would be able to ask him for anything.

“Hehe, third brother, we’ll take our leave. The rest is up to you. Don’t disappoint us! Everyone is already betting on whether or not you can succeed. I already bet most of my wealth on you! Whether I get to eat meat or go hungry in the future is up to you!” The three disciples slowly walked away while supporting each other.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)