Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2852 The Ying Prefecture’s Luo Family

“The Ying Prefecture’s Luo family’s resurgence within the Ying Prefecture can be traced back to the archaic era. However, due to a lack of any illustrious history beforehand, there is no way to trace the beginning of their family. The Luo family’s resurgence started at the hands of Luo Changfeng and continued for three million one hundred and seventy thousandyears, making them one of the three overlords of the Ying Prefecture…”

Long Chen quickly found records of the Luo family. They were originally a very small family, but after they gave rise to Luo Changfeng, the entire family’s fate changed.

The Ying Prefecture originally had three overlords, but the Luo family replaced one and was so dominating that they became the head of the three overlords.

The family that had been replaced by the Luo family was the Chu family. When the Luo family started rising, they were faced with many blockades and bloody battles from the Chu family, but even then, the Chu family was unable to stop their rise.

The Luo family was originally only intending on standing on the same level as the three overlords, but the Chu family didn’t give them any chance. They wanted to pull the Luo family up by the roots and crush them.

As for the other two families, they were conservative, choosing to stand by and watch. The Chu family, on the other hand, was extremely powerful and domineering. The other two families had been forced to endure that arrogance for a long time, so they were happy to see the Chu family face bad luck.

As a result, while they supported the Chu family on the surface, they secretly gave the Luo family even more support. It was a win for them either way.

In the end, the Luo family managed to rise through those circumstances, overthrowing the Chu family and forcing them to flee the Ying Prefecture. All of the Chu family’s properties in the Ying Prefecture were then taken by the Luo family.

Originally, people thought that the Chu family would slink away and slowly fade away after taking such damage. After all, their elites had been slain in that bloody battle.

However, unexpectedly, after a few thousand years, the Chu family escaped to the Sheng Prefecture and hid their identity. They then began to recuperate until they suddenly erupted with shocking power in twenty thousand years, taking over the Sheng Prefecture.

After hiding themselves for twenty thousand years, they no longer concealed themselves. They revealed that they were the Ying Prefecture’s Chu family, and furthermore, they swore to slaughter all the people of the Luo family.

However, even though the Chu family had become the overlord of the Sheng Prefecture, the Luo family also managed to develop for many years and were even stronger than before.

The two powers then fought for countless years. Rivers of blood were shed between them, but neither was able to crush the other. The two sides were now mortal enemies. As long as they had the opportunity, they would fight to the death.

The enmity between them had already sunk into the bone, the blood, and the soul of every member of the two families. However, in comparison to the two, the Luo family was slightly stronger. The Chu family had used countless sinister schemes but were unable to rattle the Luo family’s foundation.

Due to the slight power discrepancy, the Chu family was forced to use all sorts of schemes. But the more they did so, the more others looked down on them. In the end, the Sheng Prefecture’s Chu family gained the reputation of being shameless and despicable.

Long Chen had looked through this entire section on the Luo family, but he didn’t find anything relating to his mother. However, that made sense. These historical records only contained major events. They wouldn’t include a random woman.

Although he didn’t find any clue about his mother specifically, he did see hope. Hopefully, once his position was stable, he could take a trip to the Luo family.

However, before going, he would have to accumulate enough strength. A family that had been developing for this many years had to be gigantic. In such a family, human emotions were nothing compared to profit.

If he wanted to have a voice in such a place, he had to have a corresponding power. The immortal world was even more merciless than the mortal world. As the longevity of the people here was too long, they gave birth to countless descendants. Hence, familial affection was not the ties upon which inheritances were passed down. The laws here were cruel and merciless. Power was the most important thing.

“Everything here is important. The senior is right, I should read more,” muttered Long Chen to himself.

This history touched upon the foundation of the entire immortal world. The more he understood, the more beneficial it would be.

However, there were simply too many books here. Reading them one by one would take too much time, time which Long Chen didn’t have.

Fortunately, there was a palm-sized rune on every bookshelf. This formation rune was connected to all the books on the shelf, and that was over a thousand books. If someone’s Spiritual Strength was strong enough, they wouldn’t need to read the books one by one. They could read them one bookshelf after another.

Long Chen’s hand then pressed on the rune, and over a thousand runes lit up throughout the bookshelf. Like tadpoles, those runes swam toward Long Chen, spreading from his arm up to his head. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

When the first rune entered his mind, Long Chen sucked in a cold gasp of air. That one rune contained the contents of the entire book. It was a forceful branding that caused pain to his soul.

At the same time as his soul twinged, his Spiritual Strength was exhausted. After that, more and more of those runes entered his mind, sealing their information in his soul.

After a full incense stick’s worth of time, Long Chen’s face was as pale as paper. A bout of dizziness almost overcame him. If he didn’t lean on the bookshelf, he would have fallen.

“A single bookshelf’s books exhausted almost ninety percent of my Spiritual Strength. Moreover, there are at least millions of these bookshelves on this floor. If I go one day at a time, it will take forever just to read through them all.” Long Chen felt profoundly helpless.

He walked unsteadily outside, feeling pangs throughout his head. This was a natural reaction after absorbing so much information.

Fortunately, his Spiritual Strength was powerful enough to absorb all this information. If it was someone else, they would have severely overdrafted their Spiritual Strength and fainted. There was no chance of them recovering without a year of rest.

“Instructor Long Chen, there is a soul stone recovery room over here. You can rest for a few days. With it, you can recover most of your Spiritual Strength before leaving.” A worker saw Long Chen walking away and gave him a reminder.

Those who entered the Divine Scripture Pavilion all used up a great deal of their Spiritual Strength to absorb so much information. Hence, the God Institute installed soul stone recovery rooms to encourage their disciples to read more.

These rooms were available to disciples for free so that they could recover. Otherwise, they would be like Long Chen. Without ten to fifteen days, there was no way to recover from using up ninety percent of his Spiritual Strength unless he used some outside help.

This was a good thing. Long Chen then thanked the worker for the reminder, and the worker brought him to the room. There were hundreds of them, many of them with people inside. Some even had multiple people.

Long Chen then entered a room specifically for instructors. He was the only one present, and at the center of the room was a foot-long crystal.

His soul was instantly refreshed when he entered the room. As the disciple activated the formation for Long Chen, a dense spiritual aura instantly filled the room. This was the best condition for restoring the soul.

Long Chen once more thanked the disciple. Once the disciple left, Long Chen opened the Divine Gate within his mind-sea. The Divine Gate Star shuddered, and like a whale opening its mouth, the spiritual aura of this place rushed toward it.

After four hours, Long Chen let out a long sigh. He felt reinvigorated as his Spiritual Strength was fully recovered.

“What a marvelous object. It helped me recover so quickly.” Long Chen looked at the soul stone in amazement. The academy truly had many treasures. Such a good thing was being offered up for free.

What Long Chen didn’t know was that others required three to five days to fully recover with the soul stone. It was only due to the Divine Gate Star that his recovery was so quick.

“Continue!”

Long Chen then ran back inside the pavilion and chose another bookshelf. He absorbed its contents once again.