Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2853 Giving Lessons

This time, Long Chen chose a bookshelf containing introductory books to cultivation fundamentals. This kind of information was equally important to Long Chen.

Although Long Chen had his own cultivation method, he didn’t know how others in the immortal world cultivated. He didn’t even know about the realms.

Furthermore, the cultivation types in the immortal world were thousands of times more complex than on the Martial Heaven Continent. There were all kinds of different ways to cultivate, giving rise to countless branches and sects.

If he didn’t even have a basic understanding of these things, he would be at a disadvantage against many opponents in the future. This information was a must. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

There was just as much information about cultivating as there was about history. Hence, Long Chen absorbed the whole bookshelf, restored his Spiritual Strength, and then absorbed another history bookshelf. He alternated just like this.

Seeing Long Chen recover and then go absorb more knowledge so rapidly dumbfounded the workers and disciples studying here.

“Instructor Long Chen, is your soul able to endure this?” asked one astonished disciple.

They normally absorbed the books one by one in order to reduce the impact on their souls, but Long Chen was going bookshelf by bookshelf. Although that increased his efficiency, it was harmful. The different bookshelves had different runes. Sometimes they could clash, resulting in even more Spiritual Strength being drained. Moreover, it also hurt, almost like spiritual torture. A normal person wouldn’t be able to endure such a thing.

Furthermore, while ordinarily it took someone at least an hour to absorb a bookshelf’s information, Long Chen only used an incense stick’s worth of time. That kind of rapid absorption would cause an even greater impact on the soul.

Although there were some ruthless people throughout history who had done the same, they would always need to leave and wait a few more days after absorbing an entire bookshelf’s information. Even though the soul could be recovered, the mental impact was difficult to endure. In order to protect the information within the books, the runes that entered the soul were somewhat forceful. They caused pain in order to stimulate a person’s memory.

Absorbing an entire bookshelf worth of knowledge was like undergoing a torture session. Even someone with a firm will didn’t dare to do it twice in a row because normal people would crumble under that pressure.

However, Long Chen had already done it five or six times, dumbfounding the people here. Wasn’t this too ruthless? Every time he was done, he turned as pale as paper. That was a clear sign that he was using up too much of his Spiritual Strength. There was no way he was faking it. Furthermore, someone as illustrious as him would have no need to use little tricks to gain fame.

“I’m fine. This little bit of pain is nothing to me,” said Long Chen. After recovering, he continued studying.

Watching him go back and forth gave people goosebumps. Had the formations changed on the bookshelves? Were they easier to absorb than before?

In the end, one person ended up testing it, only to end up fainting after a few breaths’ time. Others then carried him off.

This was a result of the pain being too much to bear. Even though he still had more Spiritual Strength to spare, his body automatically protected itself by making him faint, ending the absorption process.

After that, Long Chen ran back and forth over ten times before he finally stopped. His soul had actually grown after all the exhaustion and pain. Before this, it took ninety percent to absorb one bookshelf, but now just seventy percent was enough. He hadn’t expected this to be another method to train the soul.

Long Chen had a basic understanding now with all the information he had absorbed. As he was no longer a novice when it came to cultivation in the immortal world, he felt much steadier inside.

However, through all this information, he also grew more mystified by everything in the immortal world. This was a world of unknowns waiting for him to explore and excavate its mysteries. Every bit of knowledge he accumulated now could increase his chances of survival in the future.

As his cultivation base grew, so would his Spiritual Strength. Absorbing all these books should also go faster.

As long as he persevered, he would definitely be able to follow the clues of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art and find where Lord Brahma and Fallen Daynight were.

Long Chen then returned to his residence to rest. In just a short time, the Unfettered Alliance’s people came. That was because they had a lesson every three days.

“Boss San, hello!”

When Long Chen walked to the arranged place, he was struck speechless by how packed it was. This room that normally only allowed three hundred people to enter was now packed with over two thousand people.

“What is going on?” demanded Long Chen.

“Brother San, in order to save time, I’ve called back all the members of the Unfettered Alliance. Don’t worry, we’ll pay according to the number of students. We won’t let you lose out,” said Mu Qingyun hastily.

According to the academy’s rules, instructors could only have three hundred people per lesson at most. This was to prevent instructors from swindling money by lowering the quality of the lesson.

However, if the disciples themselves didn’t care about the numbers, then this rule could be ignored. Even so, for over two thousand people to come was truly too many.

According to the standard price of fifty immortal crystals per student, a single lesson would let him earn a hundred thousand immortal crystals. That was a shockingly huge sum to Long Chen. This instructor profession was truly a money-making profession.

Of course, the majority of instructors only had a few dozen students per lesson. At most, they would have a hundred as full classrooms were rare. As for something like two thousand people, that was definitely the first in quite a few years.

Mu Qingyun was unwilling to waste any time, and she wanted to raise the Unfettered Alliance’s power as fast as possible. Hence, all the elites had been gathered.

Long Chen was speechless. Looking at Mu Qingyun’s burning gaze, he knew that she viewed him as an omnipotent existence.

She had bet everything on him, and this increased the pressure on Long Chen. Although he hadn’t known Mu Qingyun long, his vision was sharp. He saw that Mu Qingyun was going to extreme lengths. It seemed that she was planning on winning or die trying.

“Alright. Due to the numbers, we’ll modify the lesson from four hours to a full day. But first let me say that I don’t like teaching principles or theories. I like to teach through actual combat. All of you should be mentally prepared. If you can’t endure it, don’t blame me,” warned Long Chen. If they wanted training, then this many people would need some extra time. This was essentially giving them six classes rather than one, but Long Chen didn’t want to take advantage of them by taking all their money.

“We will beat the Prime Glory Alliance or die trying!” shouted the disciples in unison with soaring morale.

Perhaps Long Chen really was touched by their morale. The blood in his body that had been cold for so long finally began to stir.

“Alright. If you can endure my training, I guarantee that you will beat the Prime Glory Alliance.” Feeling stirred up, Long Chen directly made such a promise. Cheers rang out from the Unfettered Alliance.