Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2865 The Heavenly Flame Seed Appears

“Heavenly Flame seed!”

Even Chu Kuang was startled. He had only come here because he was following Luo Ning and Luo Bing. He had no idea about the history of Crescent Moon Valley.

Luo Ning and Luo Bing were also caught off guard. One year ago, they had learned about the existence of Crescent Moon Valley. The first time they came, they noticed a foot-long flame seed floating within the lava.

Delighted by the discovery of the Heavenly Flame seed, especially one that hadn’t gained sentience yet and was in its weakest state, they wanted to take it. However, as soon as that thought appeared, the Heavenly Flame seed seemed to sense the danger, and it submerged into the lava.

The two of them waited three days here back then, but it didn’t appear again. Hence, they temporarily left. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Once they returned to the academy, based on the color of the seed, they spent a long time researching possibilities and concluded that it was the Scarlet Spirit Flame.

It was ranked five hundred seventy-three on the Heavenly Flame Rankings. It was known to be gentle and meek, one of the easiest Heavenly Flames to obtain. This delighted the two of them.

Just half a year ago, they had bought a special flame net just for the purpose of obtaining the Heavenly Flame seed.

By using flame divine runes to conceal their auras, they could easily get closer to it and then succeed in using the net to capture it. Regretfully, they had ended up startling the Heavenly Flame seed in the process. It struggled and actually escaped their flame net.

The two of them were dismayed by this as they were even struck by fire poison. They then returned to the academy once more, resting in preparation for trying again. However, Luo Bing ended up fighting Chu Kuang in the academy and being injured.

She had been recuperating all the way until now. This time, the two of them had spent a large sum in order to buy a large number of supportive items. They had to succeed this time and take the Heavenly Flame seed away.

Unfortunately, Chu Kuang had ended up tailing them, and they had fallen for his trap. At this moment, when they sensed the Heavenly Flame seed’s aura, they were shocked to find that its aura had completely transformed. It was full of brutality and murderous intent.

What they didn’t know was that as soon as Long Chen arrived here, Huo Long had sensed the Heavenly Flame seed below the lava.

However, it hid in the lava and refused to come out. Luo Bing and Luo Ning had repeatedly disturbed it, causing it to grow more sensitive to human auras. Furthermore, Chu Kuang had led so many people as well, and they hadn’t concealed their auras from it, which resulted in the Heavenly Flame seed refusing to come out.

Due to this, Long Chen had thrown these Divine Flame experts’ corpses into the lava. They had ignited their divine flames. These flames would slowly extinguish when they died, but by tossing them into the lava, these flames ended up becoming bait. The Heavenly Flame seed stealthily devoured the power of one of the disciples’ divine flames and was instantly hooked. That was because it was branded with the emotions of that human.

This Heavenly Flame seed was originally a spirit condensed by the flames of the Heavenly Daos, a spiritual treasure of heaven and earth. Its body was pure like white paper.

If no one touched it, it would slowly absorb more essence of the world. Over millions of years, it would come to possess its own will and become a supreme existence.

However, having devoured a human during the process, its purity was ruined.

This was why the best timing to capture a Heavenly Flame seed was while it was still like a pure white paper. However, Long Chen had still thrown in those disciples, using their divine flames as bait. Hence, the Heavenly Flame seed quickly became violent and greedy.

There were dozens of corpses on the ground whose divine flame seeds had yet to extinguish. It wanted to devour them all.

When the lava exploded, Luo Bing and Luo Ning hastily dodged. A three-meter-tall lion had appeared within the lava, and it suddenly roared, shaking this cave.

Its legs stamped on the air. Flames appeared beneath its feet. It actually ran through the air, charging at Long Chen and Chu Kuang. After that, it opened its mouth, unleashing a wave of fire with such a wide range that it even affected Luo Bing and Luo Ning.

The two of them were shocked. They hadn’t expected the Heavenly Flame seed to be able to transform so quickly. Based on their research, it should have taken hundreds of years before it transformed.

What they didn’t know was that this was not a true transformation. It could be considered a kind of forced adaptation. Those people’s divine flames had stimulated the Heavenly Flame seed, causing it to create a battle state for itself.

Luo Ning and Luo Bing formed hand seals, summoning a translucent barrier. But they had no confidence in whether or not this barrier would be able to block these flames.

Behind them was more lava, so they had nowhere to retreat. However, as soon as they summoned this shield, their waists tightened. Long Chen had grabbed both of them and fled with them.

The two of them cried out in shock. Long Chen was dragging them into the lava behind them.

However, they were even more shocked when they saw Long Chen running across the lava. He didn’t sink.

Long Chen quickly managed to bring the two of them to shore. Only then did they recover from their shock. Luo Bing blushed at the close contact.

She didn’t know whether she should thank Long Chen or push him off of her. She was still wondering which to do first when Long Chen let go of them.

“Hide at the exit. It would be best if you didn’t let Chu Kuang escape. I will see whether or not it’s possible to kill him here.”

Long Chen was already charging back into the sea of fire ahead of them. At this moment, the corpses on the ground were incinerated, and their divine flame seeds had been devoured by the flame lion.

After devouring all those divine flame seeds, it became even more violent and pounced at Chu Kuang.

Chu Kuang was enraged by this attack. He then hacked his saber down, blowing the lion back.

However, Chu Kuang also didn’t have it easy. This flame lion was a Heavenly Flame seed, so he felt his blood almost boil, like he was going to be set ablaze. He would only be able to receive a few more attacks like that.

After forcing the flame lion back, Chu Kuang turned to run. However, at that moment, a sharp sword came slashing down at him, forcing him into a hasty block.

As a result of his hasty block, Long Chen sent him flying straight toward the flame lion. The flame lion was already charging back, becoming a pincer attack with Long Chen.

BOOM!

Chu Kuang was struck by one of the flame lion’s claws. As a result, his whole body was covered in flames. His clothes and hair were ignited.

“Die!”

Chu Kuang roared furiously. At this moment, the lines on his face instantly spread, covering his entire body. His aura soared.

BOOM!

The flame lion was sent flying with a slash of his saber. The saber-image almost split the sea of lava in two.

In his berserk state, Chu Kuang managed to blow back the flame lion. After that, countless runes lit up on his saber as he attacked Long Chen.

Long Chen frowned when he looked at Chu Kuang. He then shook his head, and lightning appeared beneath his feet. In the face of Chu Kuang’s all-out attack, rather than blocking, he chose to dodge.

BOOM!

Chu Kuang’s saber ended up slashing onto the ground, sending stones flying in every direction. A large ditch was left in this tough ground.

“Coward! Aren’t you arrogant? If you have the guts, receive one of my attacks!” roared Chu Kuang, once more charging toward Long Chen.