Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2883 Item-Spirit Merger

The matter of Crescent Moon Valley shook the entire academy, and the fighting within the God Institute had gone from being secret to overt. The disputes between Long Chen and Chu Kuang, as well as the head judge and Chu Huairen, had all been exposed during this trial.

Chu Kuang was someone famous within the entire academy. But Long Chen’s fame had already eclipsed his in just two short months.

Hence, the fighting between Chu Kuang and Long Chen became the most commonly discussed topic for the next few days. Many people were guessing just who was stronger.

One was an expert with an immense background. He possessed innate talent, and countless resources had also been spent on him.

The other was someone with an unclear background. He was a penniless newcomer who didn’t walk the ordinary path, relying entirely on his own power to reveal the power of a lower world ascender.

Many people knew of Chu Kuang’s powerful family background, but now they were even more interested in Long Chen.

As an ascender, he didn’t bring anything worth a single coin to the immortal world. He hadn’t even been able to pay the registration fee, instead becoming a worker, and with practically a cheat-level speed, he reached his current point in just a few short months. His fame and sharpness were unmatched.

In comparison, Chu Kuang’s accomplishments were nothing surprising. After all, he had such a huge background supporting him. His starting point was already higher than everyone else’s, so his accomplishments were natural.

However, when Long Chen joined the academy, Chu Kuang seemed to have met his nemesis. He was completely suppressed by Long Chen, repeatedly losing out to him.

This time, too many disciples had died in Crescent Moon Value. Not only were two Four Peak experts sentenced to death, but Chu Kuang also had to arrange compensation for the families of the dead.

If those families were unsatisfied with their compensation and requested a further investigation from the academy, then Chu Kuang would have to face even greater punishment.

It was rumored that the Chu family had spent hundreds of millions of immortal crystals to placate those families. That was just immortal crystals. There were also valuable weapons, medicinal pills, and other treasures. It could be said to be such a price that even the Chu family with its large business network felt some pain.

Other than the compensation to the families, there was also the High Firmament Academy’s fine. It was just that no one knew how big this fine was. But it had to be a frightening number.

“Damn, money really is the first requirement for cultivation.”

When Long Chen heard this news, he was so envious that he salivated. What he was lacking right now was precisely money. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Long Chen had borrowed money from Mu Qingyun and the rest of the Unfettered Alliance’s disciples in order to obtain just over eight million immortal crystals.

He then brought this money to the Pill Institute and bought over three thousand spirit medicines. These spirit medicines were all alive and rather valuable. Moreover, they weren’t easy to grow.

Just those spirit medicines cost him two million immortal crystals, paining him immensely. But there was no way around it. If he wanted to advance, he needed to spend money.

He then spent three million immortal crystals to buy a pill furnace that had reached the level of a Spirit item. His heart was bleeding. In the academy, money wasn’t easy to earn, but spending it was far too easy.

In the blink of an eye, five million immortal crystals flew away, but Long Chen didn’t dare to spend the remaining three million. He then returned to his abode and took out his newly bought pill furnace.

Long Chen sent a wisp of fire into the pill furnace, slowly lighting up the pill furnace’s runes. Spiritual qi started to naturally flow into it.

“As expected, cheap stuff isn’t good quality, and good quality isn’t cheap.” Long Chen felt a bit better when he saw how powerful it was. At least, this spending was worth it.

Long Chen reached out with his Spiritual Strength. There were some weak spiritual fluctuations from the pill furnace, but they were unclear and unable to form an effective connection with Long Chen.

A Spirit item. An item possessing its own soul and will. In the immortal world, all the laws were different, so for a weapon to give rise to a spirit was extremely difficult. It was said that Forging Masters could forge thousands and thousands of swords before succeeding in giving rise to a true Spirit item.

As for the other swords, they could be considered incomplete items. These incomplete items were lacking innately. Although they could help their masters a bit, their power was limited.

That was why true Spirit items were extremely expensive, and a pill furnace that had reached this level was even more precious.

This pill furnace possessed a healthy item-spirit, but compared to weapons, a pill furnace was different. Its spirituality was still extremely low, and it needed to constantly refine pills in order to raise its spirituality.

This pill furnace was newly forged, which was why it was only three million immortal crystals. If it was experienced and its item-spirit was fully activated, its price would be ten times greater, or perhaps even more.

Thus, if someone was using a pill furnace properly, it would not devalue and actually increase in value. The better it was used, the more valuable it became.

The reason why Long Chen bought a new one was because he couldn’t afford an older one that was experienced. Furthermore, he had a very brazen idea.

Long Chen took out another pill furnace. This pill furnace was the Moon and Star Refining Furnace he had used on the Martial Heaven Continent. But right now, its runes were dark and dull. It was like it was dead.

Long Chen then pressed his hand against the Moon and Star Refining Furnace. Specks of light began to appear in his hand.

This was the item-spirit of the Moon and Star Refining Furnace. After arriving in the immortal world, it had been suppressed into a seed. It was unable to merge with the laws here and had entered a state of deep slumber. If it remained in this state, then it wouldn’t be more than a few years before it was erased by the immortal world’s laws, wiped out of existence for eternity.

After extracting its item-spirit, the Moon and Star Refining Furnace instantly shattered before turning into ash.

The Moon and Star Refining Furnace was an item from the mortal world, so its runes were not recognized by the immortal world. Its item-spirit could not function here.

Hence, Long Chen slowly sent its item-spirit into the new pill furnace. He then encapsulated it with his Spiritual Strength, merging it with this new pill furnace’s item-spirit.

The new pill furnace still hadn’t recognized a master, so it could be considered a pure and empty spirit. It quickly merged with the Moon and Star Refining Furnace’s item-spirit.

After an incense stick’s worth of time, the pill furnace slowly began to shine. Long Chen smiled.

“Moon Refiner, you’re finally awake.” Long Chen’s voice was full of emotion. These spiritual fluctuations were all too familiar to him. It was no longer in its original body, but it was the same soul.

Those spiritual fluctuations were extremely weak. Moon Refiner had just merged into its new body. It was extremely weak and only able to reply with very simple thoughts.

However, that response was enough. Long Chen waved his hand, causing flames to soar within the pill furnace. It gradually warmed up, and its rune also slowly grew brighter.

“Hehe, Moon Refiner, Huo Long, we’re together again. Let’s see if we can refine a good furnace of pills,” said Long Chen, his eyes shining with anticipation. With the help of the Moon and Star Refining Furnace, he could quicken his pace on his cultivation path.