Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2885 Seven Supreme Yang Technique

“Instructor Long Chen, take a look at this secret art. Is this what you’re looking for?” The two disciples brought Long Chen to an extremely remote corner. From a pile of tattered books, they pulled out one that was missing a whole piece.

Long Chen looked.

“Tortoise Shell Divine Shield?”

“When fighting others, you carry a giant tortoise shell?! Are you trying to piss me off?!” raged Long Chen.

“But… it really is… very round… You can take a look!” The disciples were embarrassed. One of them sent their Spiritual Strength inside of the tome.

A blurry image then appeared on top of the book. It had a very round tortoise shell on its back. It raised a hand, and a tortoise shell also appeared there. After that, the front and back closed seamlessly, becoming a perfectly spherical shield.

“Instructor Long Chen, this place has many ancient tomes, and due to a lack of maintenance, they are missing portions. The academy doesn’t have the power to restore them, so they are temporarily stored here so that they can be restored in the future. However, these are tomes recording techniques that are almost completely out of use. Some have the beginning but no end; some have the end but no beginning. Some don't even have the center portion. However, a small number of people are capable of making a name out of themselves from just the starting portion. If it’s not a foundational cultivation technique, you can still peruse and use them,” said one of the disciples.

Long Chen grabbed the book and sent his Spiritual Strength in. The technique to circulate his Blood Qi quickly then appeared in his mind. It wasn’t difficult. It was a purely defensive technique with a portion missing. If he used it to cover up his divine star and star diagram, well, it wasn’t impossible, but it was truly hard to bear carrying a tortoise shell around.

In the end, Long Chen simply thanked them and sent them on their way. After that, he flipped through the tomes himself, seeing if there was something useful he could find. If he couldn’t, then he would go back to his plan of going through them one bookshelf at a time. He felt that his powerful Spiritual Strength should be able to bear the impact.

As he flipped through these damaged tomes, an image would appear in his mind whenever his Spiritual Strength entered one, displaying the technique’s form and name.

Some were very unclear, proving how damaged they were. Some were so badly damaged that they were useless.

These were ancient records, so they would be perfect for Long Chen. If he could find an ancient technique that very few people recognized, he would be able to slip through other people’s scrutiny easier.

After two hours, he was practically drowning. His temper was starting to flare, and he was preparing to leave when one particular tome beneath his feet flickered ever so slightly. A ring of light then appeared on top of it.

Surprised, Long Chen picked it up and sent his Spiritual Strength inside. A ring of light appeared in his mind. This ring had seven colors.

“Seven Supreme Yang Technique? Hahaha, I’ve found it!”

Long Chen was ecstatic. The divine ring of this technique was incredibly similar to his divine ring. However, it had seven colors, while Long Chen’s had six colors.

Long Chen closely examined it. This was a technique from the ancient era. Back then, it was the core treasure of the Seven Supreme Gate. The Seven Supreme Gate had been extremely famous back in the ancient era, with an inheritance stretching back almost thirty thousand years.

However, due to how long ago it was, much of the history had already become a legend. The Seven Supreme Yang Technique was also lost in the flow of history.

This technique was based on seven kinds of energy: metal, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, and lightning. In order to use this technique, a person had to possess all these seven kinds of energy.

When people were born, they were born with innate talent. But if it wasn’t discovered, it would be concealed. Perhaps if other attributes were too strong, some weaker attributes wouldn’t manifest.

However, the Seven Supreme Yang Technique would draw out all those seven kinds of energy and turn them into seeds to nourish.

After that, seven acupuncture points were opened for the seven seeds to grow. That way, a person would come to possess seven kinds of different energy.

An ordinary person would definitely face contradicting flows of energy with seven seeds of energy. That would turn a genius into a cripple. But the creator of the Seven Supreme Yang Technique blazed an entirely new kind of cultivation path, making those seven forms of energy form a mysterious formation inside the body. When it was activated, six forms of energy became fuel for only one kind of energy. When those streams of power merged, their power was astonishing.

However, regretfully, this technique was now incomplete. The important method of how to transfer the streams of energy had been lost, and only some profound diagrams were left behind. No one was able to rebuild this technique from those fragments, thus, this tome had been thrown in here.

When Long Chen looked at it, he instantly recognized it to be a simpler version of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art. It was easy to understand. However, he had no choice but to admit that the creator of this technique truly possessed great wisdom and intelligence.

Long Chen memorized it. It wasn’t something very difficult. “The divine ring can be covered up with this. Now I’ll need something that imitates the Six Star Battle Armor.”

Long Chen continued flipping through the books, but even after going through all of them, he didn’t find anything suitable.

He began going through the bookshelves. Just as those disciples said, it was far more difficult than memorizing the previous bookshelves he had gone through.

Even after going through dozens of shelves and eating seven pills to recover his Spiritual Strength faster, he didn’t find anything suitable. It had been a whole day by now. Other than the Seven Supreme Yang Technique, he didn’t gain anything.

The God Institute’s cultivation techniques were all based on divine abilities to activate one’s power, summoning a manifestation that caused heaven and earth’s power to support oneself. However, most of them didn’t cause a manifestation that appeared outside of the body. Most were inside of the body.

“I might spend a whole month like this without finding what I want. I should take a look at the Immortal Institute.”

Long Chen left the Divine Scripture Pavilion and took a transportation formation. When he appeared in the Immortal Institute, quite a few disciples stared at him in shock. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

It was very rare for disciples of these two opposing institutes to set foot into enemy territory. However, Long Chen’s fame was known even within the Immortal Institute. His black robes were far too conspicuous.

“Long Chen, what have you come to the Immortal Institute for? We do not welcome you here!”

Long Chen eyed the speaker, and the latter looked to be the very picture of a spoiled brat. Presumably, he came from the faction opposing Luo Bing and Luo Ning, or he wouldn’t have spoken to him like this. “If you don’t want to die, scram. If you do want to die, come over here.”

“Long Chen, do you think that this place is the God Institute?! Do you think you can bully the Immortal Institute? Immortals, a dog of the God Institute had come to act arrogant in front of our Immortal Institute!” That disciple suddenly shouted loudly.

“Courting death.” Long Chen shot forward like an arrow. That disciple turned to flee, but he had barely taken a step before Long Chen grabbed his throat. A rain of slaps then pelted his face.