Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2939 Existences That Cannot be Provoked in the Inner Academy

“Oh? Please tell me,” said Long Chen.

“In the inner academy, the Chu Alliance is ranked seventh amongst the guilds, so there are six guilds that are stronger than them,” said the Elder.

Mu Qingyun and the others were startled, but Luo Bing and Luo Ning were already aware of this. Their Luo Alliance was ranked tenth, the bottom of the top ten.

The Elder said, “Rank three, four, five, and six are existences that you can provoke if you want. Although you’ll suffer for it, it won’t be too bad. But the first and second ranks cannot be provoked for any reason. As for why, you can just ask around in the inner academy and you’ll know. Even if you don’t provoke them, be on guard. I’m sure you understand my meaning.”

Long Chen naturally understood. The Elder was saying that even if they didn't provoke these existences, Chu Yang might intentionally create some conflict between them. That was definitely something easy for Long Chen to fall for. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

“Many thanks.” Long Chen cupped his fists toward this Elder. He wasn’t bad. He knew that as a newcomer, Long Chen needed such a warning.

After bidding them farewell, Long Chen and the others continued onward. Two large mountains then appeared up ahead. It was a natural mountain pass.

At this moment, a multicolored divine light shone down as Long Chen walked up to the pass. All of a sudden, the scenery around him changed, and they appeared within a vast mountain range.

As for Luo Bing, Luo Ning, and the other disciples of the Immortal Institute, they had vanished. Most likely, this was the abode for the God Institute’s disciples, and Luo Bing and the others should have been sent to the Immortal Institute.

Normally, Mortal Transcendence disciples couldn’t use transportation formations. But Long Chen and the others had reached the peak of Mortal Transcendence and expelled their mortal qi, having powerful physical bodies. Since that was the case, this transportation formation wouldn’t have much impact on them.

At this moment, Long Chen stood at the top of the mountain and overlooked the mountain range that stretched far in every direction. Every peak had countless cave entrances.

Every cave was an immortal cave. Unlike outer academy disciples, inner academy disciples had their own independent immortal caves.

Moreover, every immortal cave had its own spirit gathering formation, cultivation room, and training room. It was like heaven and earth compared to the residence of outer academy disciples.

Every person’s status plate was connected to their own immortal cave. However, there were also differences between the immortal caves. The ones at the foot of the mountain were the worst, while the ones at the top were the best.

If they wanted a better immortal cave, it was simple. Simply pick out someone with a better immortal cave and challenge them. If you beat them on the divine rankings, not only would you gain the rewards of their ranking, but you would also get their immortal cave.

The people with good spots didn’t have it easy as they were often challenged by others. If they lost, their immortal caves would exchange owners.

On the other hand, no one would fight for the ones at the bottom because there was no need for it. Everyone would be given one when they first entered the academy, so there were a lot of caves to go around.

Long Chen quickly found his own immortal cave. He entered and found it to be quite spacious and clean. This thirty-meter room had nothing inside of it.

There were three doors in this room, and when he opened one of them, spiritual qi gushed out. This was the cultivation room.

There was a formation disc covered in holes within the room. Those holes were for immortal crystals.

If you felt that the spiritual qi in the cultivation room was lacking, then this formation could release the energy within immortal crystals to increase the density of the spiritual qi. However, it was a money-burning method. Hundreds of immortal crystals could be burned at one time to fully release their immortal spiritual qi.

In other words, as long as you had money, you could have as much immortal spiritual qi as you wanted. Normal people couldn’t play with such a thing.

In the next room, he saw several humanoid puppets. But after a look, he curled his lips.

This training room also had formation discs. Every puppet had a formation disc on its back, which meant that the puppets cost immortal crystals to activate and become sparring puppets.

Long Chen had an urge to test his fists, but he saw it written clearly on the puppets that they had to first be activated by immortal crystals before usage, or if they were broken, the academy would come after them for the money.

In other words, they could be broken, so Long Chen shook his head and abandoned that thought. Who knew whether or not he would lose a fortune because of a single punch?

Hence, Long Chen punched the wall instead. As a result, the entire room shuddered, and a one-inch-deep imprint was left on the wall. But it quickly vanished.

This wall also had formations and could automatically repair itself. Cultivators could use the wall to test their power.

“The record has been broken. You may go to register with the inner academy for three thousand immortal crystals.”

A wooden sound rang out in the room. Long Chen’s punch had actually activated its recording powers.

“I broke a record and got a reward?”

Long Chen punched the wall again. With a booming sound, the runes on the wall were destroyed, and no voice rang out.

“What the fuck?! It broke!?” Long Chen was speechless. It seemed that this immortal cave was too low level. However, it made sense. Everyone was given this kind of immortal cave when they joined, so it definitely wasn’t something amazing.

There was also a small, quiet room to the side, but there was nothing else other than that. This immortal cave might be excellent to outer academy disciples, but Long Chen didn’t feel anything in particular when it came to it.

After checking out his immortal cave, he left and closed the stone door. Looking at his surroundings, he rushed off to the peak of the mountain.

“In the future, I have to live at the peak of the mountain. Ignoring everything else, at least I’d be close to a transportation formation.”

Every mountain peak had a transportation formation on it. As these mountains were incredibly large, it was actually a bit far from the bottom of the mountain to the top.

Not far from the transportation formation was another immortal cave, and it had its own glorious signboard. However, it was closed. There was no way of telling the situation inside.

Long Chen eyed that immortal cave for a moment before stepping onto the transportation formation. He then activated it, and the scenery around him changed once more. He appeared in a large hall.

There were many people coming and going here. When Long Chen appeared, quite a few odd gazes were cast his way. It was because everyone else was wearing white robes, and only he was wearing black.

However, Long Chen ignored their strange gazes and headed to the end of the hall. He then took out his status plate.

“I want to enter the divine flame spirit pool.”