Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2948 Tribulation in the Immortal World

Long Chen was shocked. His first thought was that he had been sneak attacked. However, this was the Pill Institute’s territory! Chu Kuang and the others shouldn’t be able to enter.

A bloody hole was stabbed into his back, and his whole body was numb. Long Chen then looked up and cursed.

“Aren’t the immortal world’s heavenly tribulations only supposed to start at the Four Peak realm?!”

At some point, tribulation clouds had appeared above his head. Although they weren’t that large, their attack had almost pierced through his body.

Just at this moment, another lightning sword fell at Long Chen, and he felt the space around him freeze, leaving him with no way to dodge.

BOOM!

Lightning wrapped around Long Chen’s fist as he punched that sword. As a result, his arm was left bloody and mangled. His bones were broken.

“Lei Long, quickly absorb it!” shouted Long Chen.

There was no need for him to shout. Lei Long was already absorbing the rampaging lightning coursing through his body as soon as the first lightning sword landed. Otherwise, with his body numb, there would have been no way for him to block the second blow.

This was Lei Long’s first time absorbing heavenly tribulation lightning in the immortal world. This lightning contained the immortal world’s will of destruction, and it was completely different from the mortal world’s lightning or the lightning within those wild beasts.

If Lei Long hadn’t absorbed so much of the world source energy in the divine flame spirit pool, it wouldn’t have been able to absorb this immortal lightning.

However, even though it was capable of absorbing it, transforming it into its own power took some time, so Long Chen was still at a disadvantage with the second blow.

Long Chen was shocked and enraged. It was common knowledge that in the immortal world, the Mortal Transcendence realm didn’t have a heavenly tribulation. Hence, he had thought that he would also become like everyone else in the immortal world and would no longer suffer like this.

However, his heavenly tribulations didn’t care if he was in the mortal world or the immortal world, they still found him. Furthermore, they were still trying to kill him. At this moment, Long Chen felt miniscule in front of this heavenly tribulation. His terrifyingly powerful physical body was like paper in front of it.

The third lightning sword fell. As his right hand had yet to recover, he blocked with his left hand, resulting in that arm also turning bloody and mangled. Long Chen then let out a painful grunt and fell to the ground.

“Damnit. The immortal world’s heavenly tribulation is actually so terrifying. It doesn’t want me to live.” Long Chen clenched his teeth, his gaze grave. If this continued, he would very likely die in this tribulation.

Since Lei Long was unable to devour this immortal lightning fast enough, more and more of it invaded his body.

Suddenly, his 108,000 stars shuddered, and the berserk energy coursing through his body vanished, leaving behind only pure thunderforce.

Seeing this, Lei Long was delighted and crazily devoured this energy. Without that berserk, destructive will, this thunderforce was the greatest nourishment for it.

Long Chen was startled. He suddenly found that the small flame seeds within his stars had grown immensely.

“Could it be…?”

Just at this moment, the fourth sword fell, while Long Chen’s right arm shuddered. A dragon mark appeared on top of his arm.

BOOM!

Long Chen’s body shook, but his arm was not mangled again. It was because Lei Long’s power had soared and was now capable of using a bit of the power of immortal lightning, protecting Long Chen.

The power of the lightning poured into him once more, and that destructive aspect was absorbed by his 108,000 stars. After that, the flames burning within them instantly grew dozens of times.

This lightning was like a wild beast. Lei Long wasn’t strong enough, so absorbing it was extremely taxing for it. But when the 108,000 stars absorbed its destructive will, it was like all that remained of the beast was its tender flesh, and Lei Long could absorb it in an instant.

The fourth sword was stronger than the previous three lightning swords combined. However, the divine flames in his 108,000 stars instantly grew explosively in the face of the fourth sword, showing Long Chen that if he wanted to fully ignite them, he needed to rely on the power of the tribulation.

Hence, Long Chen began to absorb the lightning runes of his own initiative. As he did, the flames in his stars grew bigger and bigger.

Another lightning sword fell, several times stronger than the previous one. However, Lei Long was now in control of immortal lightning energy, so the sword shattered on contact with his hand. A huge amount of energy was then absorbed into Long Chen’s body.

At this moment, the flames within his stars reached a certain limit, and they vanished. Instead, specks of light appeared within the core of the stars.

BOOM! DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Another lightning sword fell, and Long Chen blocked with his fist, only to cough up a mouthful of blood.

The power of this lightning sword was over ten times greater than the previous sword. As a result, a sea of thunderforce poured into his body.

As usual, all of it was absorbed by the 108,000 stars, which began to blaze suddenly.

After that, the seventh sword fell and was absorbed again. Based on Long Chen’s experience, there would be two more attacks coming.

As expected, lightning condensed in the sky, and the eighth lightning sword hacked down. Now, a lightning spear appeared in Long Chen’s hand, as he no longer dared to receive this attack with his fist.

BOOM!

When the sword fell on Long Chen, his spear exploded along with it. Long Chen was then knocked back and crawled up with dust and dirt covering him.

Unexpectedly, at this moment, his FengFu Star shuddered and ignited. Looking within himself, he saw that his entire star diagram had ignited, and all the flames now gathered on the FengFu Star. After it was ignited, the flames charged toward the Alioth Star.

Then it was the Life Fate Star, the Enlightenment Palace Star, the Divine Gate Star, and the Nethergate Star. The six stars and the stars in his star diagram had all ignited. Long Chen felt like they were spirit pills about to come out of the furnace, and they were just lacking the final heating.

At this moment, rumbling rang out above. The tribulation clouds instantly condensed into one giant sword.

“You really want my life!” Long Chen cursed furiously. This attack contained the power to destroy heaven and earth. Although he was using this tribulation to ignite his stars, this tribulation was clearly trying to kill him.

“Fuck, come at me!”

Long Chen’s lightning spear appeared again, and he shouted at that celestial sword of lightning.

BOOM!

The lightning sword fell. Long Chen was like an ant in front of it. When the sword landed, the mountain that he was on instantly crumbled.