Chapter 2949 Advancing to the Divine Flame Realm

That lightning sword fell with the will to destroy heaven and earth. As a result, the mountain that Long Chen was on instantly collapsed. Dust and smoke exploded.

Within that dust, a thirty-meter lightning dragon appeared for but an instant before vanishing. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Less than ten breaths’ time later, a group of people came rushing over. The disturbance here had drawn them over, but they were just a bit too slow. They only saw the shattered mountain and the remnant destructive aura in the air, but they didn’t see anyone.

Lei Long then found a secluded cave in a hidden valley. There was a beast inside that it killed. After confirming that it was safe, Lei Long put Long Chen inside the cave.

Long Chen’s body was badly damaged. That final attack had truly been dangerous.

Anyone else would have lost the will to resist in the face of the destructive will of the heavens, a will that made others despair. When facing it, all resistance was futile, and a person could only wait to be killed.

Long Chen tried to get up, but his body was severely damaged. Hence, he just lay there, unable to move. Lei Long stood guard as he rested.

One day passed… then two days… three days. On the fourth day, Long Chen finally woke up. However, when he did, he almost couldn’t feel his body.

“Fuck, how vicious. I almost died.”

In the mortal world, Long Chen had experienced many lightning tribulations and gotten used to it. But here in the immortal world, the heavenly tribulation was actually so vicious.

After he woke up, the primal chaos space got to work, slowly healing his body. While it did work while he was sleeping, now that he was awake, it was much faster.

As he healed, he looked within himself. His 108,000 stars were all blazing, and he sensed immense power within them. With just a thought, their astral power would pour through his body.

Long Chen actually felt a sense of fear toward his new stars. They were like 108,000 lakes of energy.

In the divine flame spirit pool, they had been tempered by the world source energy. Hence, those lakes had now become giant seas. But it wasn’t just a matter of quantity. Their very essence had also changed.

Before this, when he used their power, it was as if there was a gate allowing him to control how much of their energy he used. However, it was as if that gate had grown to the size that all of their power could be unleashed in just a few breaths’ time.

The most frightening thing was that the lakewater was not water any longer. Instead, it was like roiling lava. Just how could he unleash this terrifying power?

This was a power that could destroy the very world. Long Chen was afraid because if this power was unleashed, before the world was destroyed, his own body would break apart first.

After going to the Divine Scripture Pavilion so many times and reading countless tomes, he was no longer a novice when it came to the immortal world. He had a certain understanding of the immortal world’s techniques. However, he had yet to find a single one as terrifying as the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art.

This destructive power made him feel fear. He could destroy the world, but it would also destroy himself.

“Nine Star Hegemon Body Art. Just what level of cultivation technique are you…?” murmured Long Chen as he sensed the immense energy within his stars.

Other than his 108,000 stars, there were also the FengFu, Alioth, Life Fate, Enlightenment Palace, Divine Gate, and Nethergate Stars. They had also transformed. With a thought, he activated his FengFu Star.

Just as he was trying to test how the FengFu Star had changed, as soon as he activated it, his 108,000 stars also activated, terrifying Long Chen and causing him to instantly stop.

Sweat dripped down his face. His body was still gravely damaged. If he circulated their power in this state, it would be no different from suicide.

“A single thought almost got me killed. What the hell is this?” Long Chen was speechless. The Nine Star Hegemon Body Art was truly too terrifying. With that one test, he found that the method to circulate its power had changed. He was no longer able to activate just the power of his six stars.

The six stars were now tightly bound to the 108,000 stars. If he activated the six stars, the 108,000 stars would also activate. But using his astral power wouldn’t activate the six stars.

Long Chen had a premonition that having entered the Divine Flame realm, the next time he used the Six Star Battle Armor, its destructive power would surpass his imagination.

Other people’s divine flames ignited their talent. But Long Chen’s divine flame ignited his 108,000 stars and his six stars. Hence, Long Chen didn’t know what kind of path he would be walking in the future.

However, there was one thing that he could be sure of. The Nine Star Hegemon Body Art did not fall behind any other technique. Thus, it was all on Long Chen to figure out the best way to control and use it.

After resting for another day, he gradually started to gain control of his body again. Two days later, he could finally walk, but he was still extremely weak. His injuries this time were very heavy. On the third day, he recovered to eighty percent, and only then did he leave the cave.

After walking out, he clenched his fist. He felt his power and also the energy fluctuations within heaven and earth. Those fluctuations were much clearer to his senses now.

That was the specific mark of the Divine Flame realm. He could sense the energies of the ten thousand Daos of the world, and he could start to control those Daos for himself. The Divine Flame realm was only the first step of cultivation in the immortal world.

At this moment, a speck of lightning appeared on Long Chen’s fingertip. A ray of lightning then shot out of his finger, piercing through a three-meter boulder. The hole was as smooth as glass.

Long Chen smiled. The power of heavenly tribulation was truly terrifying. Now that Lei Long had absorbed its power, its killing power had grown explosively.

Previously, when he used his lightning arts, there was a large waste due to his lightning passing through the air. But after reaching the Divine Flame realm, when he activated his lightning, the lightning essence in the air would surge toward him, and his attacks would pass through the air with no loss at all. That meant that it would take less energy to unleash a far stronger attack.

“Good, my power has risen immensely. I didn’t suffer for nothing.” Long Chen was satisfied. He finally felt confident in controlling his own fate again in the immortal world.

Long Chen then slipped back into the Pill Institute. There was nothing strange going on, so it seemed that the heavenly tribulation didn’t cause too much of a disturbance.

After that, Long Chen returned to the God Institute and found the Earth Master he had talked to previously. After receiving his Human-rank instructor status plate, he went to the Divine Scripture Pavilion.

“Nirvana Scripture, here I come.”