Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2952 Who is She?

This peerlessly beautiful woman was surrounded by divine light. The ten thousand Daos were affected by her, as if she controlled them. She was chanting the scripture.

She was beautiful and transcendent, an existence that caused Long Chen’s heart to ache. At this moment, tears streamed down his face.

He had seen this woman several times before, but he never learned who she was. Despite clearly not knowing who she was, deep in his soul, he felt a sense of familiarity and closeness.

Moreover, every time he saw her, he felt a nameless sorrow, as if he had missed out on this world’s most perfect possibility.

She was forming hand seals as she sat in the cosmos, chanting. With every word, the world echoed her, and her voice penetrated deep into his soul. There was no need for Long Chen to remember anything. The scripture was branded into his heart, and he would never be able to forget it.

As she chanted, the flame runes in this cosmos quivered, and flame energy poured toward Long Chen.

Long Chen ignored that flame energy as Huo Long was devouring it. This flame formation had been created from countless flames, and it made sense of the meaning of the scripture, lowering its difficulty.

Without this formation manifesting the transformations of tens of thousands of flames, an ordinary flame cultivator could hear this scripture a thousand times without understanding its profundities.

This formation was present to increase a person’s ability to comprehend the Nirvana Scripture, so no one would think of absorbing it. But Huo Long was benefitting now. Its body was originally thirty meters long, and now it was three hundred meters long. Multicolored light shone from its entire body. Although its aura hadn’t grown so explosively, it had now merged with so many different flames. That laid down a solid foundation for its future growth.

However, Long Chen wasn’t paying attention to any of this. All his attention was focused on that woman. He looked at her flawless face, his mind blank.

Suddenly, the chanting ended and her figure vanished, but the scripture continued to resound throughout heaven and earth.

When she vanished, a burst of pain overwhelmed him. This was nothing more than a method for transmitting an inheritance. It wasn’t actually her.

As the runes dimmed, Huo Long roared like a child who had its food taken away.

Looking back, Long Chen jumped in shock. Huo Long’s body was many hundreds of meters long now. It had become giant after absorbing countless kinds of flame energy. Its aura was becoming unstable.

Hence, Long Chen hastily pulled it back. It had absorbed too many flames, causing it to become explosive. That was a sign of bedevilment.

Huo Long returned to the primal chaos space to refine all the flame energies that it had absorbed. Just at that moment, the door opened, and Long Chen was sent out back into the Divine Scripture Pavilion.

“Alright, those two million immortal crystals weren’t spent for nothing.”

Long Chen sighed and wiped some tears from the corner of his eyes.

What he didn’t realize was that he had actually cost the academy quite a bit by absorbing the energy of the formation. That formation was only there for cultivators to achieve enlightenment. Normal people wouldn’t even think of touching them, but Huo Long had devoured quite a bit of the formation’s energy. Compared to the materials required to replenish the energy of the tens of thousands of flames, the two million immortal crystals were nothing.

Long Chen was unaware of this and was still grieving over the two million immortal crystals. After all, he had only become a newly rich person for a moment before all his money was lost. That feeling was truly difficult to bear.

His crystal card only had thirty thousand immortal crystals left. That wasn’t enough to do anything. Long Chen then browsed the flame magical arts for half a day before picking up a technique called Heavenly Flame Prison for thirty thousand immortal crystals.

He had spent his final bit of money. He didn’t even have the money to open a room, so he could only directly read it.

A large stream of information entered his mind. If he was in one of the rooms, the formation would show how the technique was used and trained, but with his kind of direct absorption, there wasn’t such an amazing effect.

Long Chen didn’t mind. He took this technique because he had a feeling that it was not inferior to his old Raging Flame Prison.

As expected, after reading it, he found that the effect was essentially the same. But here in the immortal world, the Heavenly Daos were complete, so it required different hand seals to use the immortal world’s flame energy.

Hand seals were truly a miraculous thing. Through the merger of the body, mouth, and will, it was possible to summon this world’s energy. As for hand seals, they were the crux. Without knowing hand seals, there was no way to control the laws of the world. As for Long Chen’s hand seals, they were only effective in the lower plane. In the immortal world, the laws around him didn’t care about his hand seals, with his World Extermination Flame Lotus as an exception. That was because it had also gained the recognition of the immortal world.

However, the World Extermination Flame Lotus was a difficult trump card to use. He needed more techniques that he had greater control over, as well as ones that were simpler and more practical. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

For someone else, learning this magical art would likely require several attempts. But Long Chen could instantly grasp a technique at this level, so he saved a great deal of time.

As he left the Divine Scripture Pavilion, he noticed quite a few people looking at him. Those gazes were strange. They seemed to be a kind of pity.

Long Chen was first confused, but then he thought of Long Yanzong. It seemed that the latter truly had quite the reputation. Not just anyone dared to provoke him.

Long Chen returned to his residence. He was thinking of asking someone for some help because Human-rank instructors had specialized immortal caves for them.

However, just as he returned, Mu Qingyun and the others arrived. Mu Qingyun was excited. She had also advanced to the Divine Flame realm.

He also saw a new cloud mark on her sleeves and collar. Within the cloud were two small words: Unfettered Alliance.

Long Chen smiled. “Congratulations alliance head Qingyun. I wish the Unfettered Alliance a thousand years of unity and good fortune.”

Mu Qingyun had finished establishing her guild. The final step had only been for the alliance head to be in the Divine Flame realm at least. Hence, as soon as she advanced, she received her guild status plate. All members of her guild received robes with their specific insignia. Afterward, they immediately ran over here.

“Hehe, brother San, the Unfettered Alliance is now done being established. You’ve also become a Human-rank instructor, so we came to attend class. We want to book every class you hold. Also, you can help us pick some cultivation techniques and immortal arts. They’ll definitely be better than ones that we just randomly pick,” said Mu Qingyun.

It was only once someone was under the name of a guild that they could book classes with instructors. This was one of the inner academy’s rules.

Hearing that, Long Chen suddenly had a flash of inspiration. This was a path to making money. They could pay for him to learn various techniques, and then he would teach them. That meant he could learn and teach multiple people the same technique without paying multiple times. It was a win-win.

“Brother San, let’s go! Today’s the day that Luo Bing and Luo Ning are establishing their Luo Gate. We’re going to cheer them on.” Mu Qingyun dragged Long Chen away to the Immortal Institute.