Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3020 Starry River Sage

The nine stars were revolving around a nebula. That nebula was like an entire cosmos, yet also like countless stars forming a single celestial body.

Standing in front of that mural, he felt like a speck of dust. He felt completely miniscule, powerless.

The immortal world was said to have nine heavens and ten lands. The nine heavens referred to nine locations within the cosmos. The ten lands referred to worlds behind the nine heavens.

Although Long Chen had read the academy’s books, he still didn’t have a complete understanding of the nine heavens and ten lands. That was because those records were essentially legends, and only mentioned in miscellaneous notes and unofficial history.

The orthodox records did not mention the nine heavens and ten lands. That was because there was no basis for such a thing, so they couldn’t randomly bring it up. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Legend was that the nine heavens and ten lands composed the entire world. The heavens contained the hundred domains and thousand prefectures.

The ten lands were worlds behind the nine heavens. Previously, Long Chen had read some books that mentioned such a thing, but he had been unable to comprehend it. But looking at this star diagram, he instantly understood.

The nine stars were giant, revolving around the giant sphere of light. The sphere of light emitted divine light that illuminated the nine stars. However, behind the nine stars were shadows just as big as them. Those were areas that the light couldn’t reach.

Where there was light, there was shadow. Long Chen finally understood what it meant when it was said that the ten lands were worlds behind the nine heavens.

“Wait, no. If there are nine stars, there should only be nine lands behind them, right?” However, his theory was quickly broken.

Just at that moment, his gaze roved around the star diagram. He looked down. He saw another depiction. It contained a man standing in the night sky. There were seven stars behind him. The space around him twisted until it was collapsing. It was as if the entire world would shatter because of his existence.

It looked to be a long-haired man. His arms were spread, and there seemed to be countless spots on his shoulders. Endless energy of heaven and earth poured towards him. Although it was just a mural, it was still possible to sense that supreme, lonely air of hegemony.

“Seven Star Battle Armor.”

Long Chen’s heart pounded. He was sure that this was a nine star heir using the Seven Star Battle Armor.

It was a very simple depiction. But just a few strokes were enough to show his unrivaled domineeringness. That feeling was something that Long Chen was all too familiar with.

He continued looking down. Beneath that nine star heir was a person prostrating themselves before him.

Continuing further, the nine star heir was gone, but that person prostrating was now sitting in the sky, countless stars revolving around him. Within his Dantian were two stars flowing in the form of the Yin and Yang fish.

“I understand. This person is the Starry River Sage. His Starry River of the Sky Art was based on the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art. However, you can’t have a Dantian when cultivating the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art. This person blazed a new path, condensing Yin and Yang energy in his Dantian to endure the impact of the astral energy so he didn’t blow up. However, did he receive the inheritance of the nine star heir, or was he simply enlightened by the sight of one of them?”

Long Chen felt that it was more likely that he had simply found an insight from a nine star heir. For that person to be prostrating towards the nine star heir, he had definitely received that person’s favor. Perhaps the two of them even had some kind of relationship.

The Nine Star Hegemon Body Art couldn’t be transmitted to others. If it was, it would only harm them and kill them.

Continuing to look down, he didn’t see anything else. This mural ended here. It seemed that these murals were left behind by the Starry River Sage to record the origin of the Starry River Sage.

Long Chen looked at the next mural. This mural depicted how the Starry River Sage had created the Starry River of the Sky Art from the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art.

It was concise and comprehensive. It seemed to be made by the same person as the first mural. There were many star diagrams. It looked extremely chaotic and messy, as if a child had randomly thrown paint.

However, inside, Long Chen sighed. This Starry River Sage’s imagination and calculation powers were truly astonishing. Based on the Seven Star Battle Armor, he had split it into tens of thousands of steps that slowly imitated it.

The Starry River sage failed at this process countless times. He was almost blasted apart, but he still managed to create the Starry River of the Sky Art.

At the bottom of the second mural was a line of ancient text. Long Chen was actually unable to completely read it. A portion of them were third generation Jiuli immortal characters, but some were difficult to comprehend symbols. Long Chen could only assume that they were second generation Jiuli immortal characters.

Since he didn’t recognize a portion of the text, he could only generalize based on what he could read.

The general meaning was that the Starry River Sage created the Starry River of the Sky Art, but ended up injuring himself in the process. He died not long after. His oldest disciple was called Li Xinghe. He was the one who actually created the Starry River Sect.

Li Xinghe was not his original name. It was a name he took to show his gratitude to his master for transmitting the Dao to him. He became the Starry River Sage, living under his master’s title. He carried out his master’s legacy, creating the Starry River Sect. Even the statue was actually of his master, not him.

Reading here, Long Chen nodded inside. For a disciple to be so grateful, he was admirable.

In comparison, Lord Brahma had received his master’s blessing, only to betray them. He was worse than trash.

The characters also recorded how the Starry River of the Sky Art still had many flaws. In terms of power, it was still a far cry from the Seven Star Battle Armor. Furthermore, it was unable to create a manifestation of the dome of the sky, and was simply not recognized by the nine heavens and ten lands. Even right before his death, he couldn’t let go of this regret.

Long Chen sighed inside. This Starry River Sage could truly be considered a marvel of the heavens. Regretfully, he was not a nine star heir. His fate ended there. For him to create the Starry River of the Sky Art based on the Seven Star Battle Armor was truly amazing. As for Li Xinghe, he was also admirable. He did all this for his master. Regretfully, the Starry River Sect had been destroyed.

Long Chen looked at the two murals. He now understood the creation of the Starry River Sect as well as the Starry River of the Sky Art. He once more looked at the star diagrams.

There were countless star diagrams here. Most had been abandoned, because there was no way to connect them. But these were fresh new ideas to Long Chen that inspired him.

His inheritance was incomplete. He had also deviated from the original path when he forcibly condensed the Six Star Battle Armor. In the future, he would have to rely on himself. These possibilities laid out before him were very helpful.

After examining the star diagrams, he then returned his focus to the nine star heir. Seeing those spots on his arms, he suddenly had a thought. His heart almost jumped out of his chest.

It was like a bolt of lightning had struck him. “I’ve thought of it! I know how to control the power of my divine flames!”