Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3059 Corpse Devil Dao, Ku Wuya

“Alright, then I’ll discuss the second person. His name is Ku Wuya, and he is a cultivator of the Corpse Devil Dao. Or perhaps I should say that he isn’t a person but an actual corpse. His cultivation style is extremely perverted and cruel. He consumes corpses as food, devouring their Corpse Qi…”

Hearing this, every expert present felt a chill. Luo Ning even had an urge to vomit. She could feel her stomach roiling.

“Corpse Devil Dao? I seem to have heard of it.” Long Chen suddenly felt that he had heard of this on the Martial Heaven Continent, but he didn’t remember too clearly.

“Ku Wuya? Are corpses bitter? So it’s an endless sea of bitterness?” asked Long Chen.

“Brother San, you’re making me nauseous.” Originally, Mu Qingyun was still able to endure, but as soon as he said this, she almost vomited as well.

“Don’t blame Long Chen. If you can’t even endure this, you aren’t qualified to participate in the Nine Prefecture Convention. The world that you’ve seen is too calm and peaceful. You’ve only seen the side that the sun shines on. But this world’s shadow is far more disgusting and crueler than you can imagine. There will be countless heavenly geniuses at the Nine Prefecture Convention, and you will see all kinds of fighting styles that are completely unscrupulous. Be warned. Now, let us continue discussing Ku Wuya. He has never faced defeat in his life. Just relying on his own power, he destroyed an entire sect. That sect was not inferior to the Golden Bell Gate at all,” said Bai Shishi’s mother.

“What?!”

Now it was Long Chen’s turn to be shocked. Ku Wuya was only in the Divine Flame realm, but he had destroyed a sect on par with the Golden Bell Gate?

It had to be known that the only reason Long Chen had managed to destroy the Golden Bell Gate was thanks to Shi Tongtian. The Golden Bell Gate had a Divine Lord expert standing over it. For her to say that this sect was on par with it, they also had to have a Divine Lord expert. And this Ku Wuya had actually managed to slay such a terrifying expert?

Mortal Transcendence, Divine Flame, Four Peak, Divine Lord. That was an existence two major realms above him. The difference between them couldn’t be explained with reason.

Although Long Chen possessed the power to slay Four Peak experts, that was only ordinary Four Peak experts of average aptitude. If it was a heavenly genius who had reached the Four Peak realm, he wouldn’t necessarily win.

As for the master of a sect, even if they weren’t a Primal, they couldn’t be lacking too much talent. Ku Wuya had slain a talented expert two major realms above him? That was unbelievable.

“How did he kill them?” asked Long Chen.

“It’s unclear. All that is known is that this person has countless moves, and all of them are vicious. Those who fought him all died without question. He has quite a reputation within the nine prefectures,” said Bai Shishi’s mother.

“Poison.”

Suddenly, young master Changchuan opened his mouth, startling everyone. They all looked at him.

“This person controls corpse poison. On my way back to the academy, I ran into him and we fought.”

Everyone was shocked to hear this. He had actually fought against him and survived?

“Don’t look at me. In that battle… I lost. My Fullmoon race is said to be impervious to all poison, but I was still suppressed by his corpse poison. If it weren’t due to my status, I might already be dead,” said young master Changchuan darkly.

“To be able to fight Ku Wuya and survive, even if you were defeated, is very amazing,” comforted Bai Shishi’s mother. She was a bit impressed that he was able to admit defeat. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“You’re wrong. You weren’t suppressed by his corpse poison but by his curse. His corpse poison contains the resentment of countless spirits, resulting in curse power. That curse will silently grind away at your will and destroy you from the inside. The longer the fight, the worse it gets. Think back to your battle. Did he say anything just to disturb your heart?” asked Long Chen.

“You… you’re right. He did do that.” Young master Changchuan thought back to his fight. Ku Wuya had truly provoked him with words, saying that he wasn’t a match for him and infuriating him.

“Brother San, how did you know?” asked Mu Qingyun. This was too monstrous. Even without witnessing it, he was able to guess such a thing.

Long Chen shook his head. “I don’t know if it’s because I’ve encountered the Corpse Devil Dao before or if I’ve read about it in the academy. I have an impression of it, but I don’t know where it’s from. I spent these months reading almost everything within the Divine Scripture Pavilion. They’re all mixed inside, and the memories aren’t organized. But my intuition is telling me that this should be the case.”

Right now, his head was truly packed with an unimaginable amount of knowledge. It was all muddled inside due to how much he had stuffed in. He needed to slowly digest it.

However, when young master Changchuan mentioned it, Long Chen instantly felt that he knew the true reason.

“So that’s the case. The next time I encounter him, I’ll go all-out right from the start, ending the battle in just a few moves. I won’t give him a chance to unleash his corpse poison.” Young master Changchuan clenched his fists, a sharp gaze in his eyes.

“Many thanks.”

Unexpectedly, young master Changchuan cupped his fists toward Long Chen to express his thanks. It seemed that his opinion of him had turned.

“However, you still shouldn’t be careless. Other than Gui Yun and Ku Wuya, many other monstrous geniuses will be appearing at the Nine Prefecture Convention. At the Nine Prefecture Convention, you should focus on staying alive, not the rewards. The academy won’t give you any pressure. We just wish for you to return alive,” said Bai Shishi’s mother sternly.

“I’m fine either way. I’m attending to exchange blows with other experts. Victory or defeat isn’t as important,” said young master Changchuan.

Bai Shishi slowly opened her eyes and said, “This time, I must get into the top ten.

Bai Shishi’s mother frowned. That was far too difficult. Someone who hadn’t even awakened a primal bloodline wouldn’t be able to get into the top ten.

It had to be known that in the past, the top ten were always extremely monstrous existences. Even ordinary Primals would have difficulty getting into the top thirty-two, let alone the top ten.

Bai Shishi’s mother was saying this specifically for Bai Shishi, Long Chen, and young master Changchuan. The others would definitely admit defeat if they encountered those supreme experts. But when it came to these three, it really would be a battle to the death.

“Long Chen, what about you?” asked Bai Shishi’s mother.

“Me? I won’t demand too much. As long as I get the dragon scale, I don’t care about ranking,” said Long Chen very bashfully.

“You want first place?” Bai Shishi’s mother didn’t dare to believe it.

“But of course.”

“Do you realize that the major powers have decided who to give the first-place reward to? You won’t be able to obtain it. That’s also the reason why the High Firmament Academy doesn’t fight for those rewards.”

Luo Bing and the others were startled. This was their first time hearing of such a thing. It seemed that the Nine Prefecture Convention actually had such a dark scheme behind it.

“I know? So what? I have an old man who told me that in front of absolute power, all schemes are useless. That dragon scale must be obtained by me,” said Long Chen with a smile. That smile also contained a trace of sinisterness.

Just at this moment the chariot shook slightly. Bai Shishi’s mother snorted.

“Someone actually dares to block our way.”