Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3066 Huayun Trading Company

They had seen the residences arranged for other sects on the way here. They were all glorious and extravagant. But what they were provided as accommodations was practically a pile of ruins.

It was a three-story building that had fallen into disrepair. It was covered in cobwebs and dust, but there was a sign above it. “Welcome, High Firmament Academy.”

Even Bai Shishi’s mother was enraged by this sight. Although in the past, the High Firmament Academy had always been given very simple residences, it definitely hadn’t reached such an extent. This was practically something given to beggars. Luo Bing and the others were also enraged by this bullying. Silver Moon City was so extravagant, but they somehow managed to find such a place for them.

On the other hand, Long Chen smiled. “It’s nothing to be honest. This is nothing more than a stopping point. We’ll be leaving when the convention is over, so it’s not like we’ll be here often. Let’s all just clean up together.” As he said this, Long Chen took out the cleaning tools and got to work, sweeping.

Luo Bing and the others hastily rushed to help. Mu Qingyun grabbed his broom. “Brother San, there’s no need for you to do anything. I’ll do it.”

Actually, cleaning up this place was very simple. However, it was a clear insult. As they were cleaning, quite a few experts passed by and pointed at them derisively.

They said things about Long Chen looking like a beggar, and that this kind of place was most suited to him. When Long Chen eyed that speaker, he couldn’t help finding it funny. That person was actually wearing the robes of the Nine Flower Sect.

The Nine Flower Sect’s envoy had arrived at the academy a few months ago, only to be beaten away by Long Chen. Who would have thought that he would encounter them here?

As those disciples mocked them, more people were drawn over. It was like this was a good show.

“Oh, isn’t this the so-called Boss Long San who was so indomitable in front of the gates? So he’s actually living in these ruins. Hehe, this really suits your character.”

“A bunch of mediocre clowns. Now you’re more obedient, eh? Why don’t you keep acting arrogant?”

Long Chen had made quite the show in front of the city gates, so many people recognized him now. His worn-down black robes in particular were easy to recognize. Seeing him in this state, they all mocked him.

“Fuck!”

Bai Xiaole was enraged and about to give them a beating when Long Chen held him back. He couldn’t help smiling.

“Little fellow, remember, however much grievance you can endure is how much glory you can obtain. True arrogance isn’t for other people to see. True arrogance is disdaining to even bother with other people’s thoughts. Even if a thousand people point at you and criticize you, you continue to act as yourself. If a group of little fish mock you, you can shatter them with a single fart, drown them with a single piss. Who cares what they’re doing? When a wild beast challenges a dragon, the dragon will furiously kill it. But have you seen a dragon be provoked by a group of ants? Have you seen a dragon hunt ants?”

“No.”

Bai Xiaole nodded. But his reactions were a bit slow. Only afterward did he understand, and he laughed.

“Bastard, who are you calling ants?!”

“You’re the ants! Only ants would live in such a wreck!”

“What qualifications do you have to be arrogant now? Are you slapping your own face to make it swell up and look bigger?”

Now it was the spectators who were enraged. They cursed Long Chen.

Long Chen held Bai Xiaole’s shoulder and pointed at them. “Do you see? They’re cursing us, showing that they’re angry. But although they’re angry, they don’t have the power to do anything. They don’t even dare to do anything, and they have nowhere to vent their anger. Don’t you like watching people who are pissed at you but can’t touch you? Especially when they’re so stifled from holding it in that smoke starts coming out of their heads.”

“Hehe, boss, I like it.” Bai Xiaole smiled brightly and took out two chairs. “Boss, let’s sit. We can slowly enjoy their expressions.”

Long Chen and Bai Xiaole sat in front of their residence, crossing their legs and watching contentedly as those people cursed them. Luo Bing and the others laughed.

“These two really are a perfect pair.” Even Bai Shishi’s mother couldn’t hold back a smile.

She looked at Bai Shishi, but she saw that Bai Shishi wasn’t looking at Long Chen. However, her expression was odd. She was clearly holding back a smile.

With so many people helping, their residence was quickly cleaned up. After all, every person had their own astral space. They could have built their own house there if they had wanted to.

However, they were in Silver Moon City, and it was forbidden to sleep outdoors or to summon tools like war chariots or flying boats, so they could only sleep here.

Long Chen and Bai Xiaole smiled at those people cursing them. Occasionally, Long Chen would repeat what he had said so that everyone was enraged.

In the end, that group of people left, still steaming. They had no other choice. After that, acting like victors, Long Chen and Bai Xiaole went into the house. Bai Xiaole felt like this was the most exciting day of his life.

The house was quite big, and after it was cleaned up, there were more than enough rooms for all of them.

After arranging things for them, Bai Shishi left. She didn’t say where she was going, but she did tell everyone not to wander.

However, she had just left when Long Chen also left. He also told everyone not to wander.

Long Chen then sat through five transportation formations and arrived in the most luxurious street of Silver Moon City. This place was packed with experts. It was bustling.

Long Chen shuttled through the crowd, looking at the various buildings. His gaze quickly brightened when he saw one in particular.

“Huayun Trading Company.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Huayun Trading Company had a branch here in Silver Moon City. Long Chen had seen it in the jade tile with a map of Silver Moon City, so it was easy to find it.

“Hello. Do you have an appointment?”

He had just entered the building and didn’t even get a chance to look around closely when a maiden came to greet him courteously.

“The Wealth God’s light shines over the world. With the Business Dao’s arts, with benevolence, the world will have no more hunger, no more illness…” Long Chen murmured something to the maiden. This was something that Zheng Wenlong had taught him. Back then, he had said that it had a special meaning. Long Chen had thought that Zheng Wenlong was trying to drag him under the camp of the Wealth God and make him one of his followers, so he had only smiled and not said anything.

When he recited it though, the maiden’s eyes brightened. “So you’re also a believer of the Wealth God. Do you need any help?

“Yes, I need help and very much so.” Long Chen smiled. He hadn’t expected to enter the Huayun Trading Company so easily. He had a premonition that his path to soaring had opened.