Chapter 3067 One’s Capital

The attendant brought Long Chen to a luxurious room with a middle-aged man who looked to be in his forties.

His clothes fit well, and they were of high quality but still subdued. Moreover, his bearing was natural, not overbearing.

After seating him, the attendant left and the middle-aged man smiled slightly. “Sir is not one of the Wealth God’s followers.”

Long Chen nodded. “I never said I am. That lady mistook me, and I never corrected her. As a result, your distinguished self has been tricked into coming out.”

“Sir is quite frank. However, with the Nine Prefecture Convention, there are many things that I need to deal with. I only have a limited amount of time to accompany you.”

Long Chen nodded. Those with beliefs really were different. Despite clearly being tricked, he didn’t get angry. It was due to following the edicts of a businessman.

Even with his broken-down clothes, Long Chen wasn’t looked down upon. Whether it was the maiden who had received him at the entrance, or this middle-aged man who definitely possessed a high status, Long Chen was always treated comfortably.

Even his words were tactful. To be more direct, he was saying that even though Long Chen had managed to see him, if Long Chen didn’t have anything important, he would be leaving.

“I know that your time is precious. That’s why I came this way. I have two things to discuss. One is to see if we can form a business relationship, while the other is that I hope to entrust the trading company with finding a certain person,” said Long Chen.

The middle-aged man frowned slightly. He shook his head. “Low level materials can be traded with the auction houses set up under our banner. The Huayun Trading Company only forms business relationships with sects. We very rarely form such a relationship with individuals. Furthermore, while we are spread throughout all aspects of the market, we have no business with searching for people…”

Clearly, Long Chen had not managed to provoke this man’s interest. The Huayun Trading Company only took charge of big businesses, so for a little Divine Flame novice to want to form a business relationship with them was a huge joke.

As for finding someone, that was an even bigger joke. With the Huayun Trading Company’s status and position, how could they help him find someone? It was already very magnanimous of the middle-aged man not to directly leave after hearing such a thing.

“Take a look at this.”

Long Chen smiled and took out a flower pot with an immortal herb growing on top of it. Divine light shone from it, and Water Qi spread. It was the Divine Whisker Daffodil.

Seeing it, the middle-aged man was a bit surprised. He nodded. “The Divine Whisker Daffodil can be considered top tier amongst immortal herbs. This one in particular is perfectly preserved. Every part of it, from its roots, leaves, flower, and stalk, is glistening. It has also reached a ripe age. It’s rare for even runes to have appeared on it. The Divine Whisker Daffodil will only grow in places with dense water spiritual qi. It absorbs the water spirit essence, condensing the spiritual qi of heaven and earth. It is definitely worth a great deal of money. It is even capable of raising a medicinal pill’s quality. This Divine Whisker Daffodil contains bountiful spiritual qi. Such a thing is very rare, but…”

“But just one isn’t able to enter your eyes?”

Long Chen naturally understood. He waved his hand, and the room was filled with hundreds of flower pots. The two of them were surrounded by Divine Whisker Daffodils, their scent pervading their noses.

“This is…” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The middle-aged man was finally moved. All of these Divine Whisker Daffodils were perfectly grown. It had to be known that it was extremely difficult to grow Divine Whisker Daffodils artificially, so for Long Chen to be able to take out so many was truly shocking.

“If I said that I have tens of thousands… hundreds of thousands… or perhaps even an unlimited supply of Divine Whisker Daffodils, would I be qualified to work together with your trading company?” asked Long Chen.

Hearing that, the middle-aged man was shocked. But he was someone with immense experience and quickly recovered. He nodded. “If you truly possess that ability, you are qualified to form a business relationship with the Huayun Trading Company.”

Although he was calm on the outside, he could not possibly be calm on the inside. The Divine Whisker Daffodils weren’t much to the Huayun Trading Company, but such an amount was alarming. The world was truly immense and was filled with endless marvels. This little fellow had truly shaken him.

Long Chen then took out a small bottle, opened it, and handed it to the middle-aged man. Not daring to be careless, the middle-aged man received it with both hands.

That small bottle contained a ball the size of a baby’s fist, and there were quite a few creases on top of it. Despite looking a bit ugly, divine light could vaguely be seen coming from within those creases.

“A giant pill that is also a treasure pill?”

The middle-aged man was even more shocked.

“Senior’s vision is sharp. Even without piercing the pill veil, you were able to tell the quality of the pill. It’s truly admirable,” said Long Chen sincerely. As expected, businessmen had sharp eyes.

“Did you refine this?” The middle-aged man looked at Long Chen with some disbelief. The most shocking thing about this pill was that, with his vision, he deduced that the pill had been refined less than a month ago.

Long Chen nodded. “Yes. This little one refined it. The reason I came to the Huayun Trading Company is because I have the resources, and the Huayun Trading Company is the most trustworthy existence.”

The middle-aged man’s shock didn’t fade for a long time. Long Chen was able to refine giant treasure pills at such an age. Then his future prospects were truly unlimited as his cultivation base grew.

If they worked together with Long Chen, then they would have an unlimited supply of Divine Whisker Daffodils and his medicinal pills. Furthermore, as he grew, their gains would also grow more shocking. He had greater expectations of his alchemy arts compared to even the Divine Whisker Daffodils.

“Thank you for your trust in the Huayun Trading Company.” The middle-aged man bowed slightly. This bow indicated that he no longer viewed Long Chen as a guest but as a true client.

The Huayun Trading Company’s clients were to be treated with the utmost respect. Thus, the Wealth God’s believers were all very humble.

Moreover, the bow also indicated that Long Chen was an official client of the Huayun Trading Company. Long Chen smiled and returned the bow. He could feel a weight falling off of his shoulders.

“Other than these two, I have many other things I wish to entrust to the Huayun Trading Company to trade. For example, the Wood Foundation Divine Fruit…” Long Chen took out another batch of items.

“Wood Foundation Divine Fruit…”

The middle-aged man was shocked once more. He found that this black-robed man in front of him was completely unfathomable. The Wood Foundation Divine Fruit were priceless treasures, and the Divine Whisker Daffodils couldn’t even be compared to them.

“My apologies if I slighted you before. Please forgive me. I truly misjudged. I almost missed out on such a huge client.” The middle-aged man apologized again. “I will arrange for you to get one of the Huayun Trading Company’s symbols right now. With it, you can freely come here. The Huayun Trading Company will always welcome you.”

Long Chen smiled. “I’m in no rush. I wish to discuss the other matter now.”