Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3069 The Academy’s Decision

Bai Shishi’s body actually had a seal in it? What seal was so terrifying?

“You must keep that secret. Even Shishi doesn’t know about that seal. That is why she hasn’t awakened her primal bloodline. If she learns of it, she will explode,” warned Bai Shishi’s mother.

“Senior, don’t worry. I’m not so talkative.” Long Chen nodded.

“With your intelligence, you should have seen the problem with the academy,” said Bai Shishi’s mother.

“Yes, I suppose I can see a bit. Everything the academy reveals is just for others to see. Their decline is a facade,” said Long Chen.

“Correct. Ever since the academy started to be suppressed, it became low-key, secretly growing its power. It is far stronger than you imagine. Hence, you can mess around as you please this time. The High Firmament Academy is no longer planning on being low-key and will support you. They dare to treat our disciples as prey? Then we’ll fight to the death.” Bai Shishi’s mother was clearly infuriated. The other side had gone too far.

“Hehe, that’s my specialty,” said Long Chen with an evil smile. He might not be good at other things, but when it came to causing trouble, he was confident he could flip heaven and earth.

They walked as they talked. Quite a few people on the streets stared at Long Chen and gossiped amongst themselves. Some of them were even pointing. They clearly recognized this Boss Long San that had violently beaten the leader of the Dark Tiger Alliance in front of the city gates.

Of course, quite a few people also put on scornful gazes and made provoking gestures. Long Chen turned his nose up at those people and ignored them. With the academy having such an attitude, he completely disdained bothering to acknowledge those small fries.

When they got back, Bai Shishi’s mother called over her daughter and entered a room with her. Long Chen knew that they were undoing her seal.

“Brother Long…”

Unexpectedly, Long Chen had just sat down when young master Changchuan walked over and greeted him.

“Do you need something?” Long Chen looked at him curiously. His expression was a bit unnatural. It seemed that he wanted to say something but was too embarrassed to say it.

“Ah… I want to ask you for some pointers,” said young master Changchuan.

Luo Bing and the others stared at him in astonishment. This prideful person who had been like water and fire with Long Chen was now asking him for help so courteously?

“Go ahead.” Long Chen looked at this handsome brother with interest.

“I’ve asked around about you. Brother Long, you are distinguished and accomplished, confident and at ease, surrounded by beauties, possessing shocking charisma…”

Long Chen waved his hand. “That’s enough of the script. Just tell me what you have to say. I’ll help you if I can.”

“Many thanks, brother Long. I know that you are very skilled in that regard. Can you… teach me?”

That regard? Long Chen was startled, but seeing his bashful expression he suddenly understood.

“Picking up girls?”

Luo Bing and the others stared at him in astonishment. Seeing him nod, Luo Ning almost coughed up blood. She had always viewed him as being prideful and arrogant, so she hadn’t expected him to say such a thing.

“You want me to teach you how to pursue Bai Shishi?” asked Long Chen.

“I hope brother Long can help,” said young master Changchuan. He actually bowed. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Apologize.”

Long Chen’s expression suddenly hardened, and his voice turned cold.

Seeing him suddenly turn hostile, young master Changchuan was startled. “What is it?”

“I want you to apologize.” Long Chen glared at him.

Young master Changchuan’s expression changed several times, but he finally said, “Fine, I apologize.”

“Why are you apologizing?” asked Long Chen.

“Isn’t it because you told me to apologize?” demanded young master Changchuan angrily.

“Do you know where you were wrong?” asked Long Chen.

“How am I supposed to know where I was wrong?” demanded young master Changchuan.

“You don’t even know where you were wrong, but you’re apologizing? Do you have something wrong with your head?” asked Long Chen disdainfully.

“You’re completely unreasonable!” roared young master Changchuan.

Long Chen sighed, his angry expression fading. He indifferently said, “You failed the test. I’d advise you to give up.”

Seeing him suddenly calm down and become a different person, everyone was stunned.

“What?” Young master Changchuan was dumbfounded.

“What else? You don’t even know how to handle a woman’s unreasonable side, so how could you pursue one? You wish to talk reason with a woman? If you could do such a thing, you might as well fly to the heavens and stand shoulder to shoulder with the sun,” said Long Chen.

Only then did Luo Bing understand that he was imitating when a woman got angry. That act was so real that they really thought that he was angry. Now that they thought back to it, they couldn’t help finding it laughable.

“Not all women are like that,” said young master Changchuan, unconvinced.

“Of course not all women are like that. But one who is strong, with peerless aptitude, superior standards, a powerful background, no sense of crisis, a woman loved by all, will definitely have such a temper. If a woman had to depend on you to live, then naturally she would be more submissive. But Bai Shishi is her own woman. She has everything she wants. What she doesn’t have, she can obtain with her own work. She doesn’t need to depend on anyone. If you want to pursue her, you’ll have to accept her flaws, just like how the women who worship you must accept your flaws when they pursue you as well.”

Long Chen patted young master Changchuan’s shoulder, profoundly saying, “Little fellow, there is no peerless technique to picking up girls in this world. If you like a person, it gives that person the power to hurt you. You have to be prepared to be wounded. Like two hedgehogs, if you like her and are afraid of stabbing her, you will pluck out all your thorns. That way, you won’t harm her, and you will be able to get closer to her. Right now, you are only thinking of happiness, but love is joy and pain. You don’t want that pain? There’s no such thing in this world.”

“Are you all the same?” Young master Changchuan looked at Luo Bing and the others.

Luo Bing shook her head. “Our enemies watch us like tigers. The family’s situation is unstable, so I don’t have time to pursue romantic thoughts.”

Young master Changchuan grew hesitant, and no one knew what he was thinking. It was Long Chen who said, “The reason you hesitate is, to put it frankly, the person you love most is yourself. If you encountered someone you really love, you would be fine being stabbed. You would even lose your own life for them. That’s why, although that girl Bai Shishi looks good, she doesn’t suit you…”

Just as he said this, he suddenly felt a chill on his neck. A golden sword was pressed up against it. After that, Bai Shishi’s icy voice rang out from behind him.

“Talk about me behind my back again, and I’ll slaughter you.”