Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3196 Purgatory Eyes, Sealing Art

Long Chen had taken the risk of grabbing one of those black lightning swords and attempting to absorb it. It was because only once Lei Long had absorbed enough of this black lightning would it be able to protect him from it. Otherwise, even with the healing ability of the Wood Foundation Divine Trees, he would still die.

However, he hadn’t expected such a thing to occur. The lightning sword hadn’t been absorbed, but a strange rune had appeared on the six stars for a moment. Moreover, the Six Star Battle Armor had manifested on its own accord. He didn’t know what kind of power had been activated, but other than those black swords, the rest were all shattered.

Since he was unable to absorb the black sword, he immediately switched to absorbing all those shattered lightning swords. Their runes were quickly absorbed by Lei Long.

Lei Long crazily devoured all those runes, and its power instantly soared. Its dragon might shook the heavens.

Normally, Lei Long was unable to absorb so much at once, but those shattered lightning swords had lost their own will and didn’t resist as they were absorbed. Lei Long’s thunderforce instantly soared to an incomprehensible level.

Just then, the four black swords pierced toward Long Chen once more. They flew straight at him. As the Heavenly Daos had locked onto him, there was nowhere for him to run.

Lei Long roared, and a dragon claw larger than a mountain clashed against those four black swords. The earth was torn apart by the claw, however, the four black swords seemed to be able to ignore Lei Long’s power, swimming through its body like fish in water.

BOOM!

Long Chen once more blocked with all his power, only for his arm to almost be destroyed. He was sent flying.

“Lei Long, don’t fight them! Join forces with me!” shouted Long Chen. He saw that those four black swords absorbed some of Lei Long’s energy when they pierced through its body, while Lei Long’s attack was completely ineffective.

This seemed to be a matter of quality. Although Lei Long had just absorbed a huge amount of thunderforce, it didn’t make up for the gap in nature.

Lei Long instantly vanished, transferring all its power to Long Chen. As a result, a lighting battle armor appeared on Long Chen’s body. His black saber flickered with black lightning.

With Lei Long supporting him, he was able to greatly reduce the damage those black swords were doing. Even if they did manage to strike his body, the protection of the lightning armor would prevent major wounds.

Long Chen’s confidence rose. With this lightning battle armor, he could greatly reduce the amount of life energy being used. Like this, there was still hope.

Just then, the fifth black sword appeared. When it manifested, the tribulation clouds in the sky shrank.

After that, the sixth sword appeared, and half the tribulation clouds vanished. Finally, the remaining tribulation clouds shuddered and shrank, transforming into the seventh sword.

The final three swords had absorbed all the power of the tribulation. The last one in particular possessed divine might that could destroy heaven and earth. When it came for Long Chen, he was unable to block it and was sent flying, hacking up blood. Even his lightning battle armor was on the verge of crumbling.

Lei Long hastily condensed the armor again, but Long Chen’s expression changed. Lei Long was already doing its best to absorb this black lightning, but the black lightning was difficult to absorb. Even up to this point, the amount that Lei Long had managed to absorb was not able to match these lightning swords.

The final three lightning swords in particular seemed to possess double the power of each previous sword. Hence, the seventh sword was something that made even Long Chen shake. It wasn’t something he could survive.

The black swords contained destructive power and the will of the Heavenly Daos. It had an absolute suppressive effect on a person’s physical body, soul, mind, and will.

Anyone else would be unable to endure the very first sword. Their mind would crumble. After all, no matter how strong a person was, how could they fight the heavens?

Bai Shishi and the others were watching worriedly. The final three swords in particular made their souls hurt just by looking at them. Such a heavenly tribulation was simply impossible to pass.

Long Chen continued to fight against the attacks of the seven swords. His lightning armor was constantly breaking. He was coughing up blood, his body on the verge of destruction.

The Wood Foundation Divine Trees in the primal chaos space were gradually withering. They finally reached the point where they could no longer heal his injuries.

He thought about using the primal chaos space. Perhaps he could draw these swords into the primal chaos space. But he didn’t do that in the end.

The primal chaos space was for drawing in physical objects. These lightning swords were manifestations of the laws of heaven and earth. They had no actual body to be drawn in.

This was Long Chen’s first time in life feeling such despair. He had used up everything. Lei Long wasn’t able to absorb this black energy fast enough, and Huo Long was unable to help in this scenario. The primal chaos space was also out of life energy.

“I really will die like this. I can only gamble.”

Long Chen suddenly clenched his teeth. He tore off the eyepatch on his left eye, and it suddenly opened.

The mark of the Three Flower Pupils appeared in that eye. Black fluctuations came out of it. It was like a black hole sucking in all things within heaven and earth.

Three flower petals appeared in the air and twisted. The black lightning swords were sucked into that void.

The seven lightning swords shuddered, trying to escape the bindings of the Three Flower Pupil. At this moment, sharp pain wracked Long Chen’s eye. He felt like it was going to explode.

However, this was his only hope. Even if his eye hadn’t fully healed yet, he had to use it.

As heaven and earth rumbled, the ten thousand Daos collapsed. The entire world was like a shattered mirror as it was covered in cracks.

The black mark in the sky twisted and black energy spread from it. It was sinister and wild.

All of a sudden, Long Chen felt like a door was opened inside his body, and some kind of mysterious energy was awoken. The mark of the Three Flower Pupils suddenly shrank to the size of the tip of a pin.

After that, the seven black swords vanished and blood poured out of Long Chen’s eye. Seven swords also appeared in the Three Flower Pupils mark in his eye.

“It’s a sealing art!”

Long Chen was delighted. He still had no idea what kind of hidden power the Purgatory Eyes possessed. However, today, by using them, he managed to seal those seven black swords.

Blood continued to pour out of his left eye. But even all the pain that he was in didn’t drown out his delight. He hadn’t expected to accidentally succeed.

Long Chen closed his left eye and put his eyepatch back on. The heavenly tribulation was finally over.

Just as he sighed, his expression changed. At this moment, in his weakest state, he felt a strange energy trying to extract his blood soul energy. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

He was enraged. That legendary thing was finally making its move, and it wanted a piece of him as well. Long Chen was about to fight it off when a voice rang out in his mind.

“Let it absorb it.”