Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3202 Flourishing Academy

When Long Chen and the others entered the High Firmament Academy, Xu Zixiong followed them. However, after seeing how terrifying Qin Feng was, he no longer dared to be arrogant.

After asking him about his origins, Qin Feng and the others almost beat him up. What mighty five Emperors? The truth was that four of those so-called Emperor races were already destroyed, and his branch of the Emperor race was so incredibly weak that others didn’t even view them as a threat. Hence, they were ignored.

In the Heavenly Star Domain, they could only tuck their tails between their legs. They didn’t even dare to fight or provoke anyone for fear of their family being destroyed. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Xu Zixiong felt immensely stifled by this. He felt that as a Primal, he was the hope of his Emperor race rising once more. Hence, he had to find someone to fight to raise his prestige.

It just so happened that he saw Long Chen’s display at the Nine Prefecture Convention in a photographic jade. However, the photographic jade only showed him the scene but didn’t transmit the immense divine power raging at the time. Hence, he felt that he should be on par with Long Chen, and that he might even win if he fought him.

As a result, he slipped out of his family territory, crossed the devil sea, and came to the Heavenly Swell Domain.

It was unknown if he was simply incredibly lucky or else, but the devil sea’s fiends ignored him, perhaps feeling that he was too weak. Hence, he crossed through safely.

Ever since ancient times, crossing the devil sea was always an extremely dangerous task. Those sea demons and devil monsters viewed the human race as prey, especially powerful cultivators. The stronger a person was, the more these creatures desired to consume them. Consuming strong cultivators would strengthen them.

Thus, for Xu Zixiong to cross it alone, this could be considered an impressive feat.

However, everyone also saw that his head wasn’t very good. It seemed a bit one-tracked. Bai Xiaole was the happiest about his arrival. He finally found someone even more foolish than him.

Of course, it was due to this foolishness that he decided to cross the devil sea alone. However, Long Chen had read some introductions about the Barbarian race in the history books.

In truth, the Barbarian race should not be considered part of the human race. More accurately, they were part of the Spirit race. They received the blessing of the Heavenly Daos, so their physical bodies were extremely powerful. It was said that in the desolate era, the Barbarian race stood at the peak of the food chain.

They could cross mountains and seas, tear apart the sky with their bare hands, and crush stars with a single punch. However, as time passed, it was unknown if their bloodline regressed, or if the heavens retracted their blessing, but the current Barbarian had lost most of their divine abilities.

Even though they weren’t as terrifying as the legends, the Barbarian race still had an illustrious name in history. Despite that, there weren’t many records about them in the High Firmament Academy. Furthermore, some records about them within the bone books had mysteriously vanished.

Long Chen thought of the skeleton of the Barbarian race that he had encountered on the Martial Heaven Continent’s Jiuli secret realm. He then recalled his conversation with Yue Xiaoqian.

That Barbarian race expert had asked Yue Xiaoqian about the Barbarian race, and Yue Xiaoqian had said that the Motherstar had collapsed, and that the Barbarian race had fought to the death.

Long Chen clearly recalled her mentioning the dark era and how eight epochs had passed, as well as some Godsealing world.

Back then, he had thought that this related to the continent’s secrets. However, now he felt that it was very likely a secret of the actual immortal world.

Even now, he had not learned anything about those matters. It was as if part of history had been erased.

If Yue Xiaoqian’s words were true, then the Barbarian race that Xu Zixiong was speaking of was definitely not the pureblooded race. They were just a branch of the Barbarian race. That was why there was such a difference between them and the legendary Barbarian race.

Seeing Xu Zixiong, Long Chen thought of Wilde. He wanted to learn more about the Barbarian race from Xu Zixiong’s body.

However, Long Chen wasn’t in a rush to interrogate Xu Zixiong. Upon returning to the inner academy, Long Chen directly gave him the status of an inner academy disciple.

Recently, countless disciples had been flocking toward the High Firmament Academy to join it. One reason was because the dean had appeared at the Nine Prefecture Convention and forced away Enpuda’s clone. Long Chen had also destroyed the Bloodkill Hall, killing countless experts. Meanwhile, no news came from Enpuda’s side, so the High Firmament Academy had once more risen to its former position, the overlord of the Heavenly Swell Domain.

People had thought that the academy had declined, but now they realized that it was still the old academy. No matter how much it declined, the other sects still couldn’t compare to it.

Thus, countless experts had come to register. Due to there being so many examinees, the academy was busy conducting exams. Luckily, there weren’t that many rules for the recruitment. As long as the examinees passed the exams, they could join.

The fact that the dual champion of the Nine Prefecture Convention, Long Chen, was here caused countless disciples to come. He was a Heaven Master and had to hold two classes a month, so most of those disciples came in hopes of gaining some pointers from him.

After the Nine Prefecture Convention, people went through the records and found that he truly was the only one to perfectly espouse the principles of the Martial Dao and put them to practice.

They felt that his comprehension of the Heavenly Daos was based on his experience, and his pointers could save them from going down the wrong paths.

In fact, countless people had wanted to register right after the Nine Prefecture Convention, but then the Bloodkill Hall had joined forces with the other powers to attack the academy. With those dark undercurrents, no one dared to make any rash moves.

After Long Chen’s tribulation, those enemies were killed and hundreds of sects disbanded. Only then did people feel comfortable rushing over to register.

It had to be known that those disbanded sects would not have done that unless they had no other choice. It meant that whether it was Enpuda or Lord Brahma, no one was supporting them.

With that confirmation, people brazenly registered. Some sects even sent their most outstanding disciples over because the High Firmament Academy was different from other sects. As long as you paid the tuition fee, no one would be rejected, nor would they stop people from leaving after attending classes. There was simply an application to fill in before they could leave to another sect. Otherwise, they would be treated as traitors.

The High Firmament Academy would not treat people badly. They would give the leaving disciples a fair evaluation, and other sects could use that evaluation to decide how to raise them.

There was a huge line at the gate, but some people didn’t need to queue to register. Those people were Primals. Such an expert could be directly accepted through an instructor’s interview. After a few questions, as long as there were no problems, they could become a disciple.

Only the most talented disciples were given the privilege of directly becoming inner academy disciples. After all, they were the main force of any sect.

In just a few days, over fifty Primals had joined. But Xu Zixiong was the first one from outside of this domain.

“Luo Bing, contact your Luo family. I’m preparing to take a trip there to talk about our collaboration,” said Long Chen.