Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3220 A Fair Battle

As saber-light flashed like lightning, thunderous sounds rang out and even the void was sliced apart. Two sabers continued to whistle, unleashing overwhelming Saber Qi.

Long Chen didn’t even know how many times he had been sent tumbling down the Honing Heavenly Staircase. Every time he got back up, Luo Zichuan switched to a different saber.

Every saber had its own history, its own particularities, and its own techniques. Every time Long Chen thought that he was grasping the style, when he came back up, he found that everything that he had grasped about the previous saber was useless.

BOOM!

Long Chen fought Luo Zichuan’s tempest of attacks for six hours before being sent down the Honing Heavenly Staircase once more. He left a hole in the rocks below yet again.

Long Chen was incensed. In the last three fights, he had finally grasped something. Although he was still suppressed, he was able to last longer and longer, so he saw the hope of victory.

In that last attack, in the six-hour fight, he had attacked sixteen times, taking the initiative those sixteen times. Despite seeing hope, he was still defeated.

Luo Zichuan’s saber techniques were completely ephemeral, so there was no pattern for Long Chen to grasp. It seemed like there was no particular rule to his moves. Every move seemed to come without any warning.

The most infuriating thing to Long Chen was that no matter what he did, Luo Zichuan suppressed him. Once he was suppressed, he began to exhaust his power, and after being exhausted to a certain extent, he would be sent flying.

He was like a drowning person being beaten in the water, not being given any breathing room. Every fight was a sullen one. Once he couldn’t hold on any longer, he was sent flying.

Even now, he couldn’t find any way to counter Luo Zichuan and could only continue to fight with his life on the line. Also, he couldn’t understand just how such terrifying high-tempo attacks were not exhausting Luo Zichuan at all.

The most dejecting thing was that from the start, Luo Zichuan was fighting with the cultivation base of the Four Peak realm. Long Chen had never felt so stifled in his life.

Fortunately, his will was tough, and he refused to admit defeat. As he fought Luo Zichuan, he also learned his techniques, using his own moves against him.

Once Long Chen recovered, he clenched his teeth and charged up the staircase once more. He was so used to it that he reached the peak in almost an instant. As soon as he saw Luo Zichuan, he directly attacked without saying a word.

This time, Luo Zichuan was using a golden saber. It was a rarely seen curved saber that was like a crescent moon.

His techniques once more changed. He seemed to be one with his saber, and Long Chen didn’t even get a single chance to counterattack. Facing a torrent of saber-images, Long Chen didn’t even last two hours before being sent flying. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Long Chen couldn’t help cursing. He had definitely been scammed. He refused to believe that Luo Zichuan had mastered so many saber forms while in the Four Peak realm. Even if he worked to death, he couldn’t have mastered so many.

Those saber forms all required endless training and drilling to be able to flow so smoothly. For Luo Zichuan to say that he wasn’t bullying Long Chen, he was absolutely shameless.

Despite that, Long Chen clenched his teeth and charged back up. Now, Luo Zichuan had switched to a dual saber style. As a result, Long Chen couldn’t even last a single hour before being sent flying again.

Long Chen was shocked. Luo Zichuan was practically a monster who had walked the Saber Dao to the pinnacle. With two sabers in his hands, it was like Long Chen was fighting two people at once. Long Chen was completely unable to fight back or even see his opponent’s moves clearly before being knocked down.

Anyone else would have despaired, but Long Chen charged back up. Time passed bit by bit. Long Chen was being knocked down over and over, but he always charged back up.

Luo Zichuan continued to switch saber forms, but Long Chen gradually managed to last longer. One time, Long Chen felt like he was on the verge of exhaustion, about to be sent flying again.

However, just at that moment, his pores opened, and a huge amount of life energy poured into him from every direction. It was like someone who was drowning was given a chance to peek his head out of the water and take a deep breath. In that moment, Long Chen almost shouted from emotion. He seemed to have grasped how to breathe.

BOOM!

With that breath, his aura exploded and even his senses grew clear. His saber then smashed into Luo Zichuan’s saber, which resulted in both of them shaking and retreating a few steps.

Long Chen had an excited expression. He felt like he had finally grasped something and the world had grown clear. His mind had gone through a baptism.

Luo Zichuan shook his head. “It took you this long just to grasp the power of heaven and earth. You are the most foolish person that I’ve met. Since you have comprehended the power of heaven and earth, I can finally kill you with ease. All this effort to make you comprehend this power was just to give you a chance to fight fairly. Kill me or be killed by me. You can only choose one. Don’t say that I didn’t give you a chance.”

Luo Zichuan pressed his hand against the stone stele again. It then shuddered, and violet light soared into the heavens.

At this moment, a heaven-shaking saber cry rang out. And with it, a long and ancient violet saber appeared in Luo Zichuan’s hand.

This saber had violet qi surrounding it. It rumbled, drowning out all the other sounds of the world. Other than the saber cry, no other sound could be heard.

A light appeared in Luo Zichuan’s eyes as he eyed this saber. He seemed to have finally come out of his sheathe. He said, “This saber’s name is Violet Fern. It is a divine weapon that the Violet Blood race forged with special techniques in ancient times. However, this kind of secret art has long since been lost with the decline of the Violet Blood race. All of my sabers were found by myself, and only this Violet Fern is different. It was given to me. This saber is what gave me the power to pull the Luo family out of crisis and make it reach its current glory. It is also what activated my Violet Blood Divine Pupils, which is what allowed your mother to inherit the immemorial bloodline. But that was ruined by you. You are not guilty, but for the family, I must kill you. Once I resolve this accident, everything will go back to the correct path. I will not let anyone block the path of the resurgence of my Violet Blood race.”

“You talk so much. But you’re still an old fogey who doesn’t hesitate to sacrifice the happiness of your daughter for the family. You turned your own daughter into a tool for breeding. I really look down on people like you. Let’s not waste more words. Come. I will use my own power to defeat you. I will show you that your so-called bloodline is nothing more than a huge joke.”

Long Chen’s anger once more flared when his mother was brought up. This stubborn old man really was obstinate. Down to his very core, Luo Zichuan rejected Long Chen. That was the greatest insult Long Chen had ever experienced.

At this point, Long Chen had comprehended countless principles of the Saber Dao throughout their fight. He had also grasped how to breathe, so he no longer had any misgivings. Stamping his foot on the ground, he shot forward like a bolt of lightning, his saber slashing toward Luo Zichuan.