Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3227 Wood Foundation Divine Arrow

“Martial-uncle, the family head has shown me his kindness. I naturally must repay him. I have a method to stimulate people’s primal bloodlines, but you must keep this method secret. In the entire immortal world, you are the only one who knows this secret,” said Long Chen solemnly.

His mother had caused the Luo family to lose the chance that they had been waiting millions of years for. Also, Luo Zichuan had now left, and it was unknown just whether or not he would return. Hence, Long Chen felt like he and his mother owed the Luo family.

If he wanted to repay them, then he had over six hundred Heavenly Dao Fruits. He was prepared to create six hundred Primals for the Luo family.

Hearing this, even someone like Luo Changwu was shaken. A technique to activate a person’s primal bloodline? What kind of heaven-defying ability was that?

Seeing how solemn Long Chen was being, he knew that this was an absolute secret. If the rest of the immortal world were to learn of this, there would be no escaping his death.

“I understand. At most, I will tell this matter to my big brother. There will be no problem with its secrecy,” promised Luo Changwu.

Long Chen nodded and took out six hundred Heavenly Dao Fruits. He then gave them to Luo Changwu. “Martial-uncle, I’ll leave you to pick the people. What’s important isn’t aptitude but strong willpower and perseverance.”

Luo Changwu accepted the fruit with disbelief. He felt like he was dreaming, unable to imagine how this fruit could create Primals.

Long Chen had Luo Changwu handle things, while he took over the commander tower. Luo Changwu wasn’t entirely at ease, so he sent the Grand Elder to help Long Chen.

With the Grand Elder present, Long Chen chose to sit to the side and meditate. He wished to carefully comprehend the teachings that Luo Zichuan had transmitted to him.

Luo Zichuan’s Saber Dao appeared to be all mixed-up and chaotic. Occasionally, a blow came in one style, and then another blow came in a different style. In truth, all those styles had long since been trained until they were ingrained within him. By using this method, he showed Long Chen just how important it was to have many techniques.

All techniques had their own flaws. But the important point was whether or not your opponent could grasp those flaws.

In all these years, Long Chen had always followed a free style. He simply fought as he pleased, and he thought that he had reached the top level in this realm.

Only now did he realize that he was still dithering outside the door to this realm. He was like someone who didn’t understand the slightest bit about the Martial Dao trying to fight others. His random moves might be difficult for others to block.

However, when he fought a true expert, he came to realize just how much he was lacking. He had to take things step by step.

If he truly wanted a free, formless style, then he had to first learn many techniques. Without entering the first realm, how could he skip to the formless realm? If he hadn’t encountered a masterful teacher like Luo Zichuan, he would still be lost.

Now that he had broken his bias toward learning those techniques, it was time to start studying them. He had to find his own style of the Saber Dao.

Time passed bit by bit. The Luo family led the Ying Prefecture’s experts in repelling the waves of sea demons. Finally, the devil sea grew calm once again, and the battlefield was cleaned up.

All the corpses were naturally handed to Long Chen. Mountains of them were then sent into the primal chaos space.

Right now, the Wood Foundation Divine Trees were no longer growing taller, but they were getting thicker and thicker. From thirty meters thick, they had grown to three hundred meters.

After reaching a width of three hundred meters, Long Chen found that their wood was even harder than metal. Moreover, their weight was not inferior to iron, and their toughness was astonishing.

The wood of the Wood Foundation Divine Trees was perfect for creating spears, bows, and arrows. It was both tough and hard, extremely valuable.

They hadn’t even reached full maturity yet but already possessed such toughness. It was truly shocking, very worthy of being a legendary tree.

Long Chen then cut off a branch the width of an arm, and it took him quite a bit of work to fletch it into an arrow. He couldn’t help sighing over it. This was a natural divine arrow.

Wooden arrows were the easiest arrows to conceal within heaven and earth as they pierced toward their target. They didn’t make much noise and were harder to sense. They might be even more effective than those noiseless arrows.

Long Chen took out a bow and stood atop the commander tower. Overlooking the battlefield, he suddenly raised his bow. With a snap of the bowstring, that arrow vanished from sight.

The arrow whistled through the air, and a rain of blood fell. After that, a black-robed figure fell from the sky, his head pierced by the arrow. He was already dead.

“An assassin from the Bloodkill Hall?!”

Startled cries rang out. That was a Divine Lord, and he was already dead. But the remnants of his Blood Qi were astonishing. He must be a Primal.

“Another Heavenly Dao Fruit falls into my hands.”

Long Chen smiled. The Wood Foundation Divine Trees were truly spiritual treasures of heaven and earth. Using them to make arrows, with no arrowhead, the arrow pierced through the air, silent and invisible. Adding on his own archery technique, that assassin that was hidden in the void couldn’t even make a sound before being killed.

Just now, Long Chen suddenly sensed a faint aura that seemed like it wasn’t even there. If it was before, even if he could sense it, he wouldn’t have been able to pinpoint the location. This was an expert skilled in concealing himself.

However, the current Long Chen was no longer the old Long Chen. Through Luo Zichuan’s training, he could control the power of heaven and earth. Through that, he was easily able to grasp the assassin’s location.

Before this, Long Chen could only pinpoint the assassin’s location if the assassin got close or attacked. Now, with the aid of Heavenly Dao energy, his divine sense was one with the world. He could ‘see’ further and clearer. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

According to Luo Zichuan, it was much more difficult for Long Chen to use Heavenly Dao energy. But he naturally had sharp senses. Just by borrowing the slightest Heavenly Dao energy, he was like a tiger with wings.

The assassin whose clone had disguised itself as the Grand Elder had been hidden too far away for Long Chen to sense back then. But now, Long Chen definitely would be able to find him. After all, not everyone was as terrifying as Luo Zichuan. Although Long Chen had taken a blow during his fight against Luo Zichuan, it didn’t cause his confidence to falter. That was precisely the part that Luo Zichuan had praised him for.

“There were a total of three. The other two ran.” Long Chen indicated for everyone not to panic.

In truth, he had only been trying to scare off those three dislikeable fellows. He hadn’t expected this random arrow to actually kill one.

Who would have thought that the arrows made from the Wood Foundation Divine Trees would be so terrifying? They passed through the air silently. It seemed that the records he had read in the academy couldn’t be entirely trusted.

What he was unaware of was that those records were all accurate. It was simply that the Wood Foundation Divine Trees also came in their own levels. Only low grade ones that couldn’t bear fruit were used to make arrows.

Those that could bear fruit were all high grade. Normally, people were unwilling to damage even the smallest piece of bark from them, afraid that this would affect their ability to reproduce. Who would turn them into arrows? Long Chen’s method was a complete waste of a natural treasure. If others knew that he had cut off a branch the size of an arm to turn into an arrow instead of a spear, they would definitely curse him to death for being so wasteful.

Long Chen had now seen how terrifying the Wood Foundation Divine Trees were. Currently, they weren’t even fully grown. If they were allowed to mature, how terrifying would their wood be? It seemed that their entire body was a treasure.

“Long Chen… it actually was true.”

When Long Chen returned to the Luo family, Luo Changwu was there. His voice quivered when he saw Long Chen.