Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3230 Preparing for Battle

“Lei Linger!”

Long Chen almost didn’t dare to believe his eyes when he saw the girl in front of him. Lei Linger had been born with violet clothes.

However, now she was wearing black robes, and her pupils were as black as ink, seemingly containing boundless destructive power.

“Big brother, hug!”

When Lei Linger extended her hands, two cute dimples appeared on her adorable face. Seeing this, Long Chen laughed and hugged her. The current Lei Linger was growing more and more like a human. Even her emotions were expressed on her face.

On the Martial Heaven Continent, although Lei Linger had been able to transform and was close to Long Chen, she somehow had given him a reserved feeling that was different from Huo Linger’s enthusiasm.

Fortunately, in the immortal world, she was growing more spiritual. Also, since Lei Linger and Huo Linger were both personally raised by Long Chen, Long Chen had a great deal of sentiment and affection for them.

“Big brother Long Chen, I’ve fully absorbed the energy of the black lightning. I can help you beat bad people now.” Lei Linger raised her fist and laughed.

Long Chen looked into her eyes. There was sword-light flickering deep within them now. Long Chen felt a chill.

Even now, Long Chen still felt some fear toward those black lightning swords. After all, they had almost killed him.

Now that Lei Linger had absorbed them, she was definitely an extremely terrifying existence. Hence, Long Chen felt his spirits lift. As expected, fortune was found in danger.

Lei Linger had transformed again. She had naturally comprehended lightning techniques on the Martial Heaven Continent. And here in the immortal world, she could still unleash them. She could also come up with her own techniques based on her power. Since this was the case, she would become another powerful trump card for Long Chen.

Most terrifying of all, she no longer needed to depend on him and was entirely capable of fighting on her own.

Just then, Long Chen’s arm shook and a flame dragon also jumped out, coiling around Lei Linger.

“Hehe, don’t worry, you’ll transform soon too. We can then help big brother beat up bad people together!” declared Lei Linger, comforting Huo Long.

“Lei Linger, protect me. We’re going to refine pills.”

With Lei Linger here, Long Chen felt much steadier. He opened the pill furnace and started refining medicinal powders.

When all the medicinal powders were poured into the furnace, Huo Long wrapped around the pill furnace, lighting up its runes. As time passed, the pill furnace began to tremble, along with the entire mountain peak.

Long Chen pressed his hand against the pill furnace. His Spiritual Strength wrapped around it, sealing it tightly until the immense power inside of it could not escape. The pill furnace then quivered, as if a beast was trying to break free.

BOOM!

The ground shuddered intensely. After that, Long Chen sighed and opened the lid. A pile of broken fragments were present inside. The medicinal fragrance then assaulted his nose, but the pill was nowhere to be found.

“The third tier Explosive Blood Pill must be a giant pill in order to be effective for Divine Lords. Furthermore, it must reach the level of a treasure pill. After not refining pills for so long, my technique is rusty. Also, it truly is difficult to refine a giant Explosive Blood Pill.” Long Chen shook his head.

If it was an ordinary Explosive Blood Pill, then Long Chen would have no problem refining one on the level of a treasure pill. With his skill, a single furnace of pills might end up having one or two top grade treasure pills.

However, turning nine pills into one giant pill while also maintaining its quality was truly difficult.

Ever since he entered the immortal world, Long Chen rarely refined pills. It was always Huo Long and the Moon and Star Refining Furnace helping him refine them.

Long Chen sat for a while and then continued refining pills. After failing seven times, he was starting to feel dejected. This was truly difficult.

Long Chen stood and paced around for a while. Suddenly, he eyed the stone hut. Having a sudden thought, he walked toward it.

The stone hut was very simple. Other than a stone couch, there was nothing else. But upon getting closer, he saw a mural carved into the wall.

The mural depicted nine star clouds surrounding one giant star. Around the star clouds were four giant black figures. It was unclear what they were, but they seemed like four terrifying beasts wishing to devour the entire world.

The mural was very messy, almost like a child’s graffiti. Yet within these messy lines, countless profound mysteries seemed to be hidden.

Long Chen was unable to understand many of those lines. He was only able to see the nine star clouds, the giant star, and those unclear black figures.

Looking more closely, he suddenly noticed that there was a single black dot within the nine star clouds of the immortal world. This seemed to be a specific mark. This mark wasn’t something that he could read.

However, he could clearly tell that this mark was not part of the original mural. It was added afterward. It was clearly different from the other lines.

“Could it be that this is where the Violet Blood race is trapped?” Long Chen’s heart shook. He felt like he was staring at something he wasn’t supposed to see.

Luo Zichuan’s residence was not a place that others could come to. The main thing was that no one else was capable of climbing the Honing Heavenly Staircase. Most likely, this secret was something only Long Chen and Luo Zichuan knew of. Even Luo Changwu and Luo Changwen were in the dark about it.

The immortal world was enormous, and the knowledge he knew was like a drop in the ocean. Regretfully, there were many ancient tomes in the High Firmament Academy that he could not read without reaching a high enough realm.

After seeing this map, Long Chen felt like the immortal world was truly hiding far too many secrets. He truly had a long path to walk.

After settling his emotions, Long Chen left the stone hut and once more started refining pills. After failing two more times, he finally succeeded.

A pill the size of a baby’s fist appeared in front of Long Chen. Light flowed around it, and it thrummed with life energy as if it was alive. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

“I suppose it can count as a success.” Long Chen sighed deeply.

This was a top grade third tier giant treasure pill. If sold, its value would be incalculable.

“Lei Linger, nourish it with some thunderforce and expel the remaining impurities. But be careful.” Long Chen passed the giant pill to Lei Linger.

In the mortal world, Lei Linger had helped Long Chen by using tribulation lightning on the pills that he refined, giving them a baptism to turn them into tribulation pills. However, in the immortal world, only sixth tier pills and above were qualified to undergo tribulation. The sixth tier pills were for mighty World Kings.

It was said that once a pill reached the sixth tier, it would possess its own spirituality, its own spirit. It needed to obtain the recognition of heaven and earth to exist in the world. That was why they needed to undergo tribulation.

However, it was different for Long Chen. Now that Lei Linger had transformed, she was capable of using thunderforce to expel the remaining impurities in medicinal pills and leave a lightning mark within them. Such a pill had essentially obtained the recognition of the Heavenly Daos, allowing it to unleash its peak medicinal effect.

To put it frankly, this was a way to cheat the heavens. However, as long as the heavens didn’t find out, it didn’t matter.

Before this, Long Chen truly wouldn’t have dared to have Lei Linger nourish them. But it was different now. Nourishing pills would be no problem for her.

Long Chen continued to refine pills, and he failed twice more before succeeding again. He then found the feeling, succeeding in the refinement seven times in a row. Afterward, he failed and succeeded in succession.

In total, he refined eleven top grade giant pills. These were for the Luo family’s eleven Primal Divine Lords.

After that, he refined over five hundred ordinary Explosive Blood Pills. Although they weren’t giant pills, they were still of treasure grade.

He then descended the mountain and went to see Luo Changwu. “Martial-uncle, help me gather some people. I want to fletch some wood arrows.”