Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3241 The Luo Family’s Financial Crisis

Luo Changwu and the others then left the Chu family. And just as expected, the Chu family was wiped out. All the mines and businesses that they had once controlled were fought over.

At the start, the Chu family had barged into the Sheng Prefecture and taken it over in a bloody war. Now the experts were taking everything back from them. But the transfer of ownership was followed by more bloody killing.

Although the Chu family was a follower of Lord Brahma, to Lord Brahma, a follower that had no value was meaningless.

These sects destroyed the Chu family, and if Lord Brahma asked about it, they could simply join his side. It was that simple.

Lord Brahma wouldn’t waste time on a useless pawn. Thus, those sects had nothing holding them back from killing and taking everything they wanted. Hence, they went crazy.

In a single night, the Chu family was completely destroyed. This overlord was devoured by a pack of wolves. A temporary peace settled, but that peace would be followed by another battle. This pack of wolves would then have to decide who would be the wolf king. That was the rule of the immortal world.

Long Chen returned to the Luo family with everyone. After that, he helped them find a bunch of fist-sized crystals that looked very ordinary. Other than their color and luster standing out a bit, the others couldn’t see anything special about them.

However, it was these crystals that emitted the specific fragrance that drew the sea demons over. The Luo family then properly stored them.

In the future, they might be able to draw the sea demons over in batches as training and also for profit. If they were the ones who controlled the initiative, then they would be able to reduce the casualties.

The Chu family’s problem was resolved and the devil sea was also settled. The Luo family celebrated, but without Luo Zichuan present, it felt like they were missing something.

This time, Long Chen once more obtained many Heavenly Dao Fruits, and he directly gave them to Luo Changwu to distribute.

However, when they saw these Heavenly Dao Fruits, both Luo Changwu and Luo Changwen had embarrassed expressions. Luo Changwen said, “Long Chen, why don’t you keep these divine fruits? Don’t you have your own group? Leave it to them.”

“I don’t know when I’ll be able to join them again, so I want to first create an army of Primals in the Luo family,” said Long Chen.

There was no need to rush things with the Dragonblood Legion. It would have to wait until he was firmly settled outside of this domain. It was unknown how many people were being drawn over to him because of the Bloodkill Order, so he definitely wouldn’t be lacking Heavenly Dao Fruit in the future.

“The main thing is… I’ll tell you the truth. With the Luo family’s current financial state, we are unable to raise so many Primals. I actually have mixed feelings about giving six hundred people these divine fruits. If I had known that they would have such an effect, I wouldn’t have let so many people consume them…” Luo Changwu bitterly smiled.

The Four Peak realm was an expensive realm. Four Peak. To raise four attributes of a person to the absolute pinnacle, allowing them to decide their future cultivation path.

Due to their heritage, the Luo family’s experts prioritized their bloodlines and then their souls before choosing a specific element.

As a result, they could be considered blood cultivators. Although they had produced a single Immortal King Zichuan that shook the Heavenly Swell Domain, their financial foundation wasn’t as great. To put it frankly, they were actually quite poor.

Otherwise, Luo Xue wouldn’t risk her life fighting in the Nine Prefecture Convention just to obtain a Treasure item. A treasure item was something that most sects simply gifted their Primals. Some sects would even give a Primal multiple Treasure items. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

This embarrassing matter wasn’t something that they should tell Long Chen. However, Long Chen had shown his sincerity, and these two brothers felt that they had no choice but to tell him.

The Four Peak realm required an enormous amount of medicinal pills. That was because they were raising four attributes at once. It was like raising four people in one go.

In particular, a Primal possessed even stronger bloodline power, and raising them required an ocean’s worth of resources. Hence, the Chu family already found it taxing to raise a few dozen Primals.

And now they had six hundred Primals with an awakened primal bloodline at once? After a moment of excitement, Luo Changwu almost wept.

It felt like he had suddenly given birth to a group of good children, only for him to have no milk to raise them. That feeling truly felt terrible, and yet he was unable to show it. He could only think of a way.

Now Long Chen was giving them more, so the two of them had no idea what to do. They were stuck.

Long Chen smiled slightly. “Don’t worry. Isn’t it just a problem of medicinal pills? Have you forgotten that I’m a master alchemist? You’ve all eaten the pills that I refined. Do you have such little confidence in me?”

“But with so many people, even if you refine pills all day, you won’t be able to keep up. What about your own cultivation?” Luo Changwen shook his head.

Six hundred Primals had appeared in the Luo family, and adding on their original Primals, they needed far more medicinal pills than they had. The amount required would exhaust Long Chen in no time. The Luo family wouldn’t allow such a thing.

“I told you that you’re overthinking things. My medicinal pills don’t necessarily need to be refined by myself. I have some small secrets that I’ll keep to myself, but in any case, we have as many medicinal pills as we need. Even if the Luo family was raising a hundred thousand Primals, there would still be enough pills. Go distribute the Heavenly Dao Fruits. As for medicinal pills, don’t panic. I’ll talk to the friends from the Huayun Trading Company, and everything will be fine,” said Long Chen, forcing Luo Changwu to take the Heavenly Dao Fruits.

Luo Changwu was bewildered. He then picked out some disciples for the Heavenly Dao Fruits.

Once those disciples also awakened their primal bloodlines, the Luo family would have close to a thousand Primals. When they grew up, they would definitely be an extremely terrifying force.

However, Four Peak pills were a big problem. Every person had different specialties, and thus they needed different pills. There were far too many pills required.

For example, if a person picked runes for blood, soul, metal, and bone, the medicinal energies that they needed to consume would be different, and the order in which they consumed them would have to change as well.

Only when all four attributes were fully satisfied could a person progress to the next level. If a person consumed the wrong pill, resulting in one of these attributes no longer being able to be fully satisfied, there would be no way to advance to the next realm.

The Four Peak realm was the most terrifying realm when it came to the pills required. If you had money, then eating the wrong one could be made up for. But people without money could only weep if they consumed the wrong pill.

It wasn’t that the Luo family didn’t want to raise Four Peak Primals, but they couldn’t raise so many. Seeing such good talent be wasted was even more painful to watch than killing them.

Furthermore, for the Four Peak pills prioritizing the bloodline, there was a certain main ingredient required. That was the essence blood of a kind of spirit beast. It was very expensive and was the biggest headache for them.

However, Long Chen wasn’t worried about these things with the Huayun Trading Company present. Such a popular ingredient could definitely be obtained. With Huo Long and the Moon and Star Refining Furnace, he could refine as many pills as required.

What Luo Changwu was worried about was nothing to Long Chen. Furthermore, raising the Luo family would allow his heart to rest at ease. It could also count as atonement for his mother he supposed. Although he didn’t think that his mother had done anything wrong, compensating the Luo family would make him feel a bit better.

Long Chen sat in front of Luo Zichuan’s stone hut and closed his eyes. His mind then sank into the primal chaos space. There was a pill furnace shuddering here like a convict on death row.

“Hehe, the Chu family’s people are actually quite good! They’ve sent me quite a few good things!” Long Chen’s eyes shone brightly as he looked at this pill furnace. He prepared to subdue this King item.