Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3242

There was an item-spirit inside of the pill furnace. But it was very cowardly and didn\'t dare to unleash its divine might in front of the primal chaos space. From start to end, it was too scared to even resist.

It was just like those Bone Blade Flame Devils from the Netherworld that didn\'t dare to resist in front of the three-eyed lifeform. They simply allowed themselves to be devoured.

This was beyond Long Chen\'s expectations. He had thought that King items were divine weapons of World Kings that possessed the power to destroy heaven and earth. But Chu Yingxiong simply didn\'t even have the power to use it. Even if he was able to send it smashing toward Long Chen like a shooting star by relying on faith energy, he was unable to bring out even one ten-thousandth of its power.

Even then, this pill furnace was very powerful. Long Chen\'s black saber had directly shattered on contact with it.

Long Chen hit the pill furnace. But no matter how he provoked it, the item-spirit didn\'t release the slightest fluctuation. Now Long Chen was getting worried.

If he couldn\'t kill the item-spirit inside, how could he use this pill furnace? It had to be known that this was a Daynight Furnace. It had Fallen Daynight\'s mark inside of it.

If Fallen Daynight were to sense him using it, he could probably simply order the item-spirit to detonate and it would kill Long Chen with it.

However, no matter how he tried to draw it out, the item-spirit acted like it was dead, refusing to unleash the slightest fluctuation.

"Useless thing! How could Fallen Daynight make a coward like you?!" cursed Long Chen.

However, even his curses didn\'t draw out the item-spirit. Long Chen clenched his teeth. This was a priceless treasure, but without killing the item-spirit, he didn\'t dare to use it.

"What to do?"

Long Chen thought about it. He didn\'t dare to allow the Moon and Star Refining Furnace to devour its soul, as that would be like asking an ant to devour an elephant. The slightest resistance from the Daynight Furnace would destroy the Moon and Star Refining Furnace\'s item-spirit.

"Big brother Long Chen, let me!"

Lei Linger then transformed into a lightning rune. She stuck to the pill furnace, and that rune spread like a net, covering the entire pill furnace.

"Big brother Long Chen, it\'s very pitiable. It says that it doesn\'t like you and begs that you don\'t kill it," said Lei Linger.

Long Chen was startled. Lei Linger was actually capable of communicating directly with the pill furnace. That was very curious.

"Ask it its origins," said Long Chen.

After a moment, Lei Linger said that this pill furnace was created by a disciple of Fallen Daynight.

After the immortal world\'s heavenly tribulation, the pill furnace gained sentience and an item-spirit. It then had Fallen Daynight\'s mark branded into it.

To put it frankly, it was a slave. Because it was only made less than a thousand years ago, its item-spirit was still very weak. It was then given to one of Lord Brahma\'s outstanding loyal followers.

That follower was an alchemist because only through refining pills could a pill furnace quickly grow up.

In truth, this pill furnace was something that Enpuda had borrowed from that person. Using it as enticement, he had made it so that the Chu family would unleash their full power to eliminate Long Chen.

If they succeeded, Enpuda only needed to play a few tricks to take back the pill furnace. Then after giving the Chu family some compensation, that matter would be over.

If the Chu family failed, that was even simpler. That alchemist would simply activate the summoning rune, and the pill furnace would directly connect a bridge between them and return.

Regretfully, they had miscalculated. Any treasure that landed in Long Chen\'s pocket could not leave.

The reason Lei Linger was capable of communicating with this item-spirit was because the item-spirit was also a lightning spirit body. However, it was very weak and couldn\'t communicate with the rest of the world. It was only because Lei Linger was also a lightning spirit that she could understand its spiritual fluctuations.

After hearing this story, Long Chen was speechless. Enpuda, what is wrong with you? For good or bad, you are a World King, and yet you can shamelessly pull off something like this?

The Chu family and Enpuda were absolutely shameless, with absolutely no limit to it. Without thinking about it, it was obvious that Lord Brahma and Fallen Daynight were probably the same.

"Lei Linger, tell it that I can not kill it, but its spiritual seal must be erased. Is it willing to merge with another item-spirit? One body, two souls," said Long Chen.

After a bit, Lei Linger returned, standing in front of him. "It said that anything is alright as long as you don\'t kill it."

"Are you sure that it\'s reliable?" asked Long Chen seriously. This was not a small matter. It must be done cautiously.

"It\'s too young and hasn\'t fully awakened its spirit. It doesn\'t know how to lie yet," said Lei Linger confidently. After saying that, she smiled oddly.

Long Chen bitterly smiled. "Girl, are you saying that the human race is the one adept at telling lies?"

These natural souls of heaven and earth were pure at the start. If they had a good example to follow, they would be good too. But if they had a bad example, they would become bad as well.

Lei Linger giggled. "No, you\'re overthinking it!"

Although that was what she said, her expression said everything. But she wasn\'t wrong. In the end, the existence most skilled in lying and cheating others could only be the human race.

If Lei Linger was guaranteeing this, Long Chen was at ease. With her help, he slowly inserted the Demon Moon Furnace\'s item-spirit, Ling-er, into this pill furnace.

He heard his heart pounding in his ears, afraid that he was harming Ling-er. If that happened, he wouldn\'t even have a chance to save her.

Fortunately, Lei Linger was truly dependable. The pill furnace\'s item-spirit didn\'t reject the Demon Moon Furnace\'s item-spirit. It actually enveloped Ling-er with its own energy, and both spirits began to share the power of the pill furnace.

When their two spirits merged, Long Chen clearly sensed Ling-er\'s spiritual fluctuations. He then sighed with relief.

The Moon and Star Refining Furnace had been revived. Now Ling-er was also on the verge of reviving. Once she did, Long Chen would have two powerful helpers to refine pills for him. He wondered if she would be able to refine demonic pills once she woke up.

"As for its slave seal, Lei Linger, can you handle it?" asked Long Chen.

"No problem. We are both lightning bodies. I just need to draw the slave seal into my body and slowly erase it. If no outside power interferes, it will only take a few days," said Lei Linger.

Long Chen nodded. Then there was no need for Huo Long to do anything. It just so happened that he had important business for Huo Long.

Long Chen extracted the devil core from the Bone Blade Flame Devil\'s head, and runes flowed on top of it. He seemed to be able to see a lava sea of energy from those runes.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

With the devil core extracted, Huo Long immediately flew out and coiled around it.

Long Chen smiled. This devil core contained terrifying flame energy. It had to be known that this was a flame element lifeform that had reached the Immortal King realm. The flame energy contained within its body was absolutely terrifying.

Huo Long began to absorb that energy. As for Long Chen, he eyed the giant bone blade