Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3249 Sending Charcoal in Snow

Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Peakless Pills. This was a pill formula that he had never seen in the academy, nor had he ever heard of it. But it was something that had awakened within him along with the Violet Tower Pill. Long Chen knew that these were his Four Peak pills.

The Peakless Pills required three thousand and six hundred medicinal ingredients. That was over ten times the requirement of ordinary Four Peak pills. Long Chen had not advanced a single level in the Four Peak realm because he couldn’t refine the pills.

For ordinary cultivators, medicinal pills were just supplementary aid that helped people better absorb the spiritual qi of heaven and earth. It was to get twice the result with half the effort.

However, for Long Chen, if he relied on simply absorbing the spiritual qi of heaven and earth to cultivate, his speed would be so slow that it would only cause despair. Furthermore, due to being rejected by the Heavenly Daos, it was very difficult for him to absorb the spiritual qi.

Even if he used his divine ring and forcibly sucked it in, it would still be far from enough. Thus, medicinal pills were Long Chen’s only option for rapidly raising his realm.

Peakless Pills contained practically all the forms of energy within a cultivator’s body that Long Chen could think of. Furthermore, these energies were evenly balanced. If an ordinary Four Peak expert consumed one, it would only harm them.

If all their attributes were raised evenly, it would be a complete waste of grabbing those Heavenly Dao runes in their tribulation. If all their attributes were even, they would be crippled.

This Peakless Pill was poison to others, but Long Chen had to eat them to raise his realm.

Refining these pills was also troublesome. The formula had high requirements for the alchemist. That was why Long Chen didn’t directly start off with refining the Peakless Pills. First he practiced his skills with the Blood Peak Pills for the Luo family.

Fortunately, Huo Linger was able to split the work with him. As he used the Demon Moon Furnace to refine medicinal powders, Huo Linger and the Moon and Star Refining Furnace refined those powders into pills. As they refined, the Moon and Star Refining Furnace improved. It was starting to be able to control the flame within the furnace to the point of condensing furnaces within the furnace. This referred to condensing multiple fill furnaces made of fire inside of it.

At first, when it first gained this ability, it was only able to condense nine furnaces inside of it. In other words, it could refine nine furnaces of pills at the same time, sharply increasing the efficiency.

Now that Huo Linger had transformed as well, with that higher level of flame control, it was able to condense eighty one internal furnaces. In other words, it was like refining eighty-one furnaces of pills at once.

That was a shocking ability. Every refinement would produce seven hundred and twenty-nine pills. That would definitely scare a bunch of people to death if they learned of it.

However, while the amount was shocking, the quality was decreased. With such large-scale refinement, it was impossible for treasure pills to appear. But they were essentially all top grade pills.

Although their medicinal effect was a bit inferior from average top grade spirit pills, after they went through Lei Linger’s purification, their effect was essentially on par with the top grade spirit pills sold on the market.

That was enough to satisfy Long Chen. The Luo family’s disciples’ Four Peak pills were usually simply middle grade. They rarely got high grade pills, let alone top grade pills.

However, the Luo family actually had their own methods for dealing with this. Middle grade pills contained too many impurities and pill toxins. That could cause a big problem if too much was consumed.

However, due to possessing the Honing Heavenly Staircase, when the pill toxins in their bodies accumulated to a certain density, they would use the Honing Heavenly Staircase’s power to forcibly expel those pill toxins.

It was a good method. But stripping the body of pill toxins was like removing a tumor. It was very painful, and left them recuperating for one to three months afterwards.

However, top grade pills contained very little pill toxins, so little that it was essentially negligible. That was why they were a hundred times more expensive than middle grade pills. Naturally their medicinal effect was also many times greater.

Thus, when comparing the two, the Luo family chose to mostly use the lower cost middle grade pills. But Primals would require over ten times the medicinal pills that ordinary disciples would require.

That was what vexed Luo Changwu. But this was not a problem for Long Chen. As long as he was given a bit of time, it could be easily handled. After all, medicinal pills could be produced in large numbers on his side.

In just a day, Huo Linger helped him refine fifty thousand Blood Peak Pills. Long Chen immediately had Luo Bing and Luo Ning send those pills back.

When Luo Changwen and Luo Changwu saw those fifty thousand top grade Blood Peak Pills, they almost didn’t dare to believe their eyes.

Furthermore, Long Chen also had Luo Bing send word that this was only a portion of them. There would be more Blood Peak Pills. Problems that could be resolved with medicinal pills were not problems.

After their initial delight faded, the two of them began to wonder. Did the family head suddenly leave because he had long since expected this?

Luo Bing and Luo Ning were also shocked when they saw the pills inside the spatial ring. Long Chen was actually having them transport such precious things.

When they returned to the High Firmament Academy, Luo Ning immediately went to complain about it to Long Chen. How had he not told them in advance what they were transporting? What if they had lost them? Wouldn’t they have to kill themselves just to pay for their sins?

Long Chen simply smiled. He could get as many of these things as needed. Furthermore, if they were told about them in advance, wouldn’t their nervousness immediately sell them out?

An ordinary Four Peak Primal of the Luo family would take three to four Blood Peak Pills to reach the first Heavenstage. Of course, less could be used, but then it would take more time. It was simply a matter of efficiency.

These fifty thousand pills were enough for them to cultivate for several months. After those months, Luo Linger would have refined even more pills.

After the Blood Peak Pills, Long Chen refined several furnaces of other Four Peak pills for others. He needed the proper proportions of Four Peak pills. He couldn’t refine too many of one kind. Once he felt like it was about enough, he would switch to a different variant.

It was also during this time that Long Chen stealthily switched out the fruit in Mu Qingyun’s fruit bowl for Heavenly Dao Fruit. Mu Qingyun, Zhong Ling, and Zhong Xiu all consumed them, and suddenly awakened their primal bloodline. The three of them were ecstatic, and had no idea what happened.

The Heavenly Dao Fruit gave Long Chen a grand aspiration of raising a Primal army. Of course, the Luo family was the true target. But Mu Qingyun and the others couldn’t simply be left in the dust.

Furthermore, Luo Bing and Luo Ning had become Primals. He couldn’t favor only them. Mu Qingyun always called him brother San, viewing him as a real brother.

After arranging this, Huo Linger refined the powders of the Peakless Pill, while Long Chen prepared to refine the pills for himself.

Three thousand six hundred medicinal powders flowed into his pill furnace. Suddenly, he sensed something wrong, and looking up, his expression changed.

“What is this?!”