Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3250 The Peakless Pill Unpermitted by Heaven and Earth

Long Chen had just sent the medicinal powders into the pill furnace when he sensed the sky above him change.

“This pill is not approved by the Heavenly Daos. Can it even be refined?”

At this moment, Long Chen’s expression changed. As the sky was rumbling, this area became a forbidden space. Long Chen’s medicinal pill was no longer able to absorb the energy of heaven and earth.

And without the energy of heaven and earth, it was impossible to refine a pill. It was like kneading dough without water. It wouldn’t condense in the end.

“There is such a thing?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This space had been sealed, so he couldn’t absorb anything. However, Long Chen continued refining and in the end, a pile of medicinal ash was produced.

“It seems that this Peakless Pill is a bit odd. The Heavenly Daos weren’t rejecting me that time; they were rejecting the Peakless Pill.” As soon as the refinement was done, the world returned to normal. But as soon as the next refinement started, when the powders started to merge, this space became restricted once more.

Long Chen tried several times and received the same results. The Peakless Pills were not permitted to exist in this world.

“Huo Linger, you’ve memorized it, right? Try to refine it in the primal chaos space,” said Long Chen after failing several times. However, these attempts allowed Huo Linger to memorize the method.

Long Chen’s soul also entered the primal chaos space, and he tried to refine the Peakless Pill once more. Here, everything went smoothly. However, just as the pill condensed, the primal chaos space shuddered slightly. Long Chen clearly sensed that the primal chaos space had sucked some kind of energy inside.

When he opened the furnace, he saw a mix of black and white. There were medicinal pills that looked like living eyes.

However, as they gave off no fragrance or aura, there was no way for Long Chen to guess their quality. They seemed like stars with black and white patterns moving across them, manifesting their own orbit.

Long Chen then picked one up. Unable to see any clues, he carefully put it in his mouth and swallowed it. When it entered his stomach, he felt a majestic energy spread throughout his body. It was so powerful that it shook his insides to the point that he almost coughed up blood.

Long Chen was shocked. It had to be known that he was currently in the Four Peak realm, and his body had been strengthened by the true dragon essence blood. But he was unable to bear the impact of this medicinal pill.

He felt like a volcano was erupting inside of him, and that energy ravaged every inch of his body. At this moment, the 108,000 stars shuddered intensely. Strange power poured toward them, and their divine flames erupted like oil had splashed onto fire.

As the divine flames burned, Long Chen grunted and collapsed. He felt like his entire body was swelling. His blood, flesh, tendons, bones, and even his soul were expanding. With the primal chaos space at the core, that mysterious energy began to circulate, and Long Chen felt like he was going to explode.

It didn’t feel like he had just swallowed a pill but an entire world. Moreover, the pill contained all the energy of that world, including its own laws.

As those laws were absorbed by Long Chen, he felt like they were running rampant throughout his body. He could clearly feel that his blood, flesh, tendons, bones, and everything else were branded by those laws.

Suddenly, while enduring the pain, Long Chen had a thought. The immortal world refused to allow the Peakless Pill to exist in this world. Was it because it was absorbing the laws of the immortal world?

Long Chen recalled how the primal chaos space was sucking in some kind of energy when the Peakless Pills condensed. Now he seemed to understand.

After an incense stick’s worth of time, Long Chen felt the pain fade. However, he still felt swollen, like he would burst.

Long Chen then activated his inner sense. Looking inside of himself, he saw that countless strange runes had appeared in every corner of his body. It wasn’t just his flesh and blood. Even his mind-sea had countless starry runes within it now.

“What is this?”

Long Chen tried to connect to those runes and found that there was no reaction. No matter what he did, he was unable to control them.

After a long time, the swelling feeling faded, and Long Chen tried to move his body. He felt like his body had gotten stronger. But it still felt numb, so he wasn’t too sure.

However, Long Chen could clearly feel that his Spiritual Strength had grown stronger. With those starry runes in his mind-sea, his Spiritual Strength underwent a transformation.

“Could it be that the Peakless Pills would improve all aspects of a person? My Four Peak realm is more like a Peakless realm?” wondered Long Chen. The Nine Star Hegemon Body Art’s cultivation path was actually so different from other people’s.

“FengFu, Alioth, Life Fate… and the 108,000 stars, they all have those runes on them!”

After that, Long Chen unleashed a punch. Rumbling rang out. When his fist paused, space twisted around it. It was a bizarre sight.

“Hahaha!”

Long Chen suddenly raised his head and laughed. “These runes can block the immortal world’s laws from restricting me! In other words, when others use magical arts against me, I can actually use these runes to block them!”

Long Chen was incredibly excited. Luo Zichuan had said that only a portion of the Heavenly Daos’ laws approved of him and allowed him to borrow their power. On the other hand, ninety-nine percent of the laws wished to suppress him, resulting in his magical arts being limited.

Split the Heavens in particular went against the will of the Heavenly Daos, thus a great deal of power had to be expended to use it. There was also his strongest attack, the World Extermination Flame Lotus.

Due to the Nirvana Scripture, the Heavenly Daos could not stop him from absorbing flame energy. But the World Extermination Flame Lotus had a long cast time. Let alone against a terrifying expert like Luo Zichuan, it was difficult to create an opening to use this technique even against the likes of Gui Yun and Ku Wuya.

It couldn’t be unleashed against people stronger than him, and using it against people weaker than him was meaningless.

Through Luo Zichuan’s training, Long Chen had seen countless weaknesses that he had. But ultimately, he had no way around those weaknesses due to the suppression of the Heavenly Daos.

Fortunately, the appearance of these runes gave him hope. Right now, he couldn’t control them because they were too weak. But once they grew stronger, the restriction that the Heavenly Daos could impose on him would weaken. That made him feel like his future was bright.

When the numbness in his body finally faded, Long Chen consumed the second Peakless Pill. This time, there was no pain as the medicinal energy was immediately absorbed by the countless runes. They clearly grew a bit larger.

Now, Long Chen could sense that they were nourished by the medicinal pill. His body was also changing, his power rising.

“Damn, let’s see who in the same realm dares to mess with Boss Long San now?!” Long Chen clenched his fists with a confident smile on his face.

However, when he consumed the third Peakless Pill, his smile stiffened.