Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3253 Crossing the Devil Sea

Now, Long Chen obtained a white robe with golden embroidery, a belt, a golden crown, an official seal, and a new status plate.

Every single thing was marked with the High Firmament Academy’s specific mark, which possessed a specific spirit that could not be faked.

These were all proof of status. Even before reaching the seventh branch academy, Long Chen had obtained the title of dean.

In other words, he was already the dean of the academy’s seventh branch. However, right now, the only member of the seventh branch was Long Chen.

This status was precisely what he wanted. Just how much face did he have now? He was the youngest dean in the history of the High Firmament Academy.

After letting Qi Yu recuperate for two days, Long Chen sent Qi Yu and Qin Feng to the Luo family along with the newly refined Blood Peak Pills. That way, Qi Yu could use the Honing Heavenly Staircase.

During these days, the medicinal energy stored in Long Chen’s body was finally absorbed by those runes. His body then shuddered, and a majestic aura flowed within his body.

“The first Heavenstage?”

Long Chen felt like the runes in his body had grown a bit. They were also actively moving within his body.

After reaching the first Heavenstage, Long Chen’s aura didn’t change that much. But his body was silently changing. Some of those changes were imperceptible to even Long Chen.

Just three Peakless Pills had allowed Long Chen to reach the first Heavenstage. That was a nice surprise. It seemed that he wouldn’t have to stuff himself with the Peakless Pills just to advance.

Eating so many pills all day made him want to throw up. At least, he could avoid that.

Long Chen then consumed another Peakless Pill, and its energy was quickly absorbed by those runes. But the second pill once more stayed condensed. Clearly, those runes needed to slowly absorb this energy.

Xu Zixiong and Bai Xiaole were the busiest these days. Both of them had become the big brothers of these newcomers.

Bai Xiaole had been bitterly studying the Three Flower Pupils with his mother. After learning everything he could, he started using the newcomers as his test subjects. They were fully convinced by his power.

It was the same with Xu Zixiong. He was also from outside the domain and often exchanged pointers with them.

Although Xu Zixiong’s power wasn’t actually that great, that depended on who he was compared to. He couldn’t compare to Qin Feng, but for these amateurs, he was very powerful.

In just a bit of time, they were all familiar with each other. These arrogant fellows only understood how terrifying Long Chen was after Xu Zixiong’s teachings. Hence, they grew more and more curious about him.

After a few days, Qin Feng and Qi Yu returned. Long Chen then gathered the two of them, as well as Bai Xiaole and Xu Zixiong. And just as he was preparing to move out, Bai Shishi came.

“What are you here for?” asked a startled Long Chen.

After not seeing each other for a couple of days, Bai Shishi’s cultivation base had shockingly reached the fourth Heavenstage. She was now a mid Four Peak expert.

Long Chen had just started refining pills, so Bai Xiaole and Qin Feng were also in the first Heavenstage along with him. On the other hand, Bai Shishi had used her own money to buy top grade Four Peak pills from the Pill Institute. She had money, so she wasn’t lacking medicinal pills.

Her aura was also extremely condensed. There was no sign of her rapid rate of advancement causing her foundation to grow unsteady. Bai Shishi’s talent was truly shocking.

Today’s Bai Shishi was wearing golden robes. But her hair, which was normally in a high imperial bun, had been let loose and flowed down her back. Her beauty was still as moving as ever, but there was now a sharpness to her aura that made others not dare to get close.

“What do you think?” asked Bai Shishi. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“What does that mean?” asked Long Chen.

“What are you planning on doing?”

“I’m going to help my brother get his revenge.”

“And afterward?”

“Afterward… How did you know?” Long Chen was surprised. He was preparing to go straight to the Vile Dragon Domain after handling Qi Yu’s matter.

The mission that the academy had given him was a secret. The deputy dean had personally given it to him and told him not to tell anyone else. So, how did Bai Shishi know?

“You want to fight over the position of dean with me?” Long Chen asked with a worried expression.

“I’ll fight over your head.” Bai Shishi rolled her eyes. “Do you think I care about some empty title? I want to go out for tempering.”

Only then did Long Chen solemnly say, “You can come, but outside, you’ll have to listen to me. You can’t be willful and reckless.”

Bai Shishi was very stubborn. If the two of them did not agree on something and ended up in a fight, Long Chen would go crazy.

“If I feel like you’re right, I’ll naturally listen.”

Long Chen’s expression sank. Seeing that, Bai Shishi laughed. “How are you such a petty man? I’m just joking. You will be the leader outside.”

Bai Shishi was actually quite afraid of this petty characteristic because Long Chen did have the authority to reject her participation.

Only then did Long Chen’s expression soften. As for Xu Zixiong, he was meeting Bai Shishi for the first time and was dumbstruck by her beauty.

Qi Yu then glanced at Qin Feng stealthily. Qin Feng simply shrugged, indicating that there was nothing to do about it. Their boss simply had such a good fate with women.

“What are you two doing? Are you playing eye games?” Seeing the two of them stealthily passing intentful looks, Long Chen turned on them.

After that, their small group quietly left the academy. Just then, Bai Shishi realized that something was wrong. She asked, “This isn’t a merchant ship crossing point. Where are you bringing us?”

Long Chen shook his head. “The Huayun Trading Company’s merchant ship will only come back in seven days. I can’t wait that long.”

“You want to cross the devil sea?” exclaimed Bai Shishi.

“Yes.”

“You’re crazy.” Bai Shishi was speechless. Long Chen really was capable of doing anything.

However, since she had come out with him, she didn’t want to make a fuss. She didn’t want others to think that she was afraid.

Long Chen and the others sat through transportation formations and quickly reached the devil sea. The flat seawater was black.

This was not the Ying Prefecture but another land that bordered the sea. By flying in a straight line here, as long as nothing unexpected occurred, they would reach the other side in just a day.

However, even the Huayun Trading Company’s merchant ships wouldn’t be so brazen as to fly so rapidly. They would fly at a calm speed, so one day of travel would turn into several days.

When Xu Zixiong had crossed the devil sea, it had taken him several days. That was because he had gotten lost midway and ended up taking a longer route.

The devil sea was like a winding river. Some areas were deeper than others, so the right spot should be chosen for crossing it.

When the flying boat left the land, Long Chen sent the boat at max speed across the sea. The air then rumbled as it shot through the sky.

BOOM!

In just a short moment, giant waves burst out of the sea, and a large figure broke through, its mouth wide open as it attempted to swallow them whole.