Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3264 Long Chen vs. Jiang Baihe

These people were his important subordinates. If you wanted to beat a dog, you had to look at its master first. But now, these dogs were actually selling him out due to their fear.

He could no longer keep watching. He saw that his subordinates had been mentally crushed. It was fear that was in control of them now. Having lost the courage to fight, all of them would be killed if this continued.

The moment Qi Yu managed to receive their combined attacks, their defeat was decided. After that, Qi Yu killed them one by one, and they were unable to unleash a combination attack again.

“Junior apprentice-brother Qi Yu, no, grandpa Qi Yu! I was only listening to orders! I’m willing to be your ox, be your horse…!”

Jiang Baihe’s roar was unable to get into the martial stage. But the voices inside the martial stage were clearly transmitted out.

At this time, these people no longer cared about dignity. They only wished to keep their lives. They were begging as they fled.

However, from the start, Qi Yu’s expression was cold, and he continued to kill them one by one. The final disciple despaired and actually charged at Qi Yu.

BOOM!

In his despair, he actually self-detonated. Regretfully, other than forcing Qi Yu back, he didn’t cause any injuries.

After the martial stage’s runes slowly faded, Qi Yu walked off, leaving behind a ground littered with corpses. It was an astonishing sight.

It had to be known that those were not ordinary disciples. They were Primals, the future pillars of the Yuhua Palace. They had been slain just like that.

After a moment of shock, the Yuhua Palace’s senior experts realized the implications of this, and their expressions grew exceedingly ugly. This was a huge blow to the Yuhua Palace.

“Patriarch, although these disciples acted wrongly, those sins weren’t worthy of the death penalty. Don’t you think having them killed like this is too far? Can it be that our great Yuhua Palace is simply going to be threatened by others? Qi Yu’s life is important, but are everyone else’s lives worthless?” asked an elder, bowing at the same time. He was extremely angry.

This person’s position in the Yuhua Palace seemed to be quite high. There were quite a few people who agreed with him, thinking that Long Chen’s group had gone too far.

Seeing this, the patriarch started to get a bad feeling. But before he could say anything, Long Chen directly said, “Senior is correct. Truly well said. All lives are equal. So tell me, since everyone is equal, why was it that Qi Yu’s life could be taken from him by others? What about the hundreds of new disciples that Qi Yu brought out hunting and were killed? Hundreds of lives were lost, all due to Jiang Baihe. Since all lives are equal, naturally justice must be obtained for those innocent disciples that died so regretfully. It’s not as if Jiang Baihe’s life is important, but everyone else’s life is worthless.”

It could be said that Long Chen had managed to grasp the opening in the elder’s words and sharply pierce through it. Before this, the patriarch had managed to mediate and gloss over this, while Qi Yu was too naive and really fell for it. If that had happened, Long Chen would have had no choice but to let things go after Qi Yu killed his attackers.

Even so, Long Chen didn’t want to let Jiang Baihe off. However, the Yuhua Palace was the place that had raised Qi Yu in the immortal world. Long Chen didn’t want Qi Yu to carry the burden of destroying his own sect. Thus, after killing these people, as long as the patriarch could guarantee that Jiang Baihe would no longer target Qi Yu, this matter would be settled. Even though Long Chen didn’t like that result, he could only accept it.

However, this elder’s angry words had given Long Chen the opening that he wanted. By criticizing Qi Yu as a ruthless murderer and Long Chen for threatening them, Long Chen was given the chance to point to the source of this conflict, Jiang Baihe. It had to be known that he was the true ringleader.

If they disagreed with how things were carried out, then fine, Long Chen also disagreed with how things were carried out. You wanted to cause more trouble? Fine, then there would be more trouble!

That elder was made speechless by Long Chen’s words. He wanted to say that those new disciples couldn’t compare to these future pillars of the sect, but his previous words would turn that into a slap to his own face. All those criticizers were left flabbergasted. They had no way to retort.

At this moment, the patriarch’s expression grew even uglier. He cursed these fools. This matter had originally been settled by him, but they had to cause more trouble. Even he no longer knew how to suppress this matter now.

“Damnable ants, you’ve grown tired of living, huh?! You want revenge? Fine, I’ll give you a chance. Long Chen, come out. I’ll give you a chance to fight fairly.” Jiang Baihe was infuriated and was no longer able to hold back. He directly challenged him to a battle.

“Absolutely not!” shouted the patriarch.

“Patriarch, it seems that there’s no stopping this. The other side has come right to our door to bully us. If we continue to submit, the reputation of the Yuhua Palace that has been built over hundreds of thousands of years would be destroyed overnight. How would we face our ancestors?” The palace master also couldn’t hold back any longer.

Although this patriarch’s seniority was immeasurably higher than his, he was the current palace master. He had the authority to decide this matter.

Also, he had absolute confidence in Jiang Baihe. That was because within the entire Yuhua Palace, he was the only one who knew just how powerful Jiang Baihe was.

When Jiang Baihe was just born, he already caught the palace master’s eye. Then the latter raised him up himself. Behind his growth was an unknown amount of blood, sweat, and tears.

Although Jiang Baihe was arrogant, he had the power to be so. In his eyes, as long as someone had power, any flaws were unimportant.

Thus, the palace master was in full support of Long Chen’s battle against Jiang Baihe. He bitterly hated Long Chen and wanted to crush him. The way that Long Chen had repeatedly said that he would destroy the Yuhua Palace drove him mad.

To say that he would destroy the sect right in front of the palace master’s face was no different than slapping his face.

“Fool, when two tigers fight, there will definitely be casualties! My Yuhua Palace has previously received the favor of the High Firmament Academy. It is unacceptable that you wish to harm the relationship between our two sects. Jiang Weizhong, do you dare to not listen to my words now that you’ve grown up?!” The patriarch furiously stood up.

Within the Yuhua Palace, quite a few experts were in support of Jiang Baihe and this challenge. They all hoped for Jiang Baihe to slay Long Chen to win back the face of the Yuhua Palace.

However, the patriarch’s fury made them quiver. Although Jiang Weizhong was the palace master, in the end, all major decisions required the patriarch’s approval.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Long Chen was surprised. The Yuhua Palace had a relationship with the High Firmament Academy? However, after a moment of thinking, he realized that this connection was nothing more than an excuse. The patriarch simply didn’t want him to fight Jiang Baihe.

Long Chen sighed inside. This old fellow really wasn’t ordinary. He seemed to know what Long Chen was thinking and was very apprehensive of him.

“Today, between Long Chen and myself, only one can live to see tomorrow’s sun! No one can stop it. Long Chen, if you were raised by a father and mother, come out and fight!” roared Jiang Baihe.

Upon hearing this, Long Chen’s calm expression instantly sharpened, his killing intent igniting. The entire palace felt like it had been dropped into an icehouse. That bone-chilling killing intent invaded even their souls, making them quiver.

“Alright, as you wish.” Long Chen spat out his response.