Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3267 Psychic Beasts

“What kind of divine weapon is that?!”

Long Chen had only lightly swung his saber through the air, but it cut apart the void. Hence, everyone was shocked. They had never seen such a terrifying divine weapon before.

This blade appeared in front of others for the first time, and its sharpness made countless experts quiver.

“I didn’t expect you to have so many treasures on your body. Good, then they’ll all belong to me after today.” Jiang Baihe’s eyes lit up. He was clearly attracted to Long Chen’s saber. A divine weapon that was like fine jade was naturally attractive.

“Greed is one of the original sins. Jiang Weizhong almost caused the destruction of the Yuhua Palace because of greed. On the other hand, your patriarch worked so hard, even willingly lowering himself to talk on the same level as me, a Four Peak disciple, just to protect all of you. Your patriarch managed to drag you back from the gates of hell, but you just had to charge your way there. It seems that you don’t know. The first time that I saw you, I saw the darkness and evil in your heart. There is something very loathsome within your soul. The moment I saw you, I wanted to kill you. But in order to not cause trouble for my brother, I was able to endure and let you live. Regretfully, you never thought to let others live. It is precisely this desire of yours that caused you to step onto the path of no return…”

When Long Chen’s words entered the patriarch’s ears, he sighed once more. The other experts of the Yuhua Palace looked at him in shock. Could it be that everything really was as the patriarch said?

“You’re far too arrogant! Do you know just how naive you are-!” Jiang Baihe sneered furiously.

In the middle of his sneer, Long Chen’s figure vanished, appearing in front of him. He then slapped Jiang Baihe in the face.

As a result, a clear and crisp sound rang out. Jiang Baihe didn’t even have a chance to react. He was slapped flying.

Jiang Baihe then smashed through multiple mountains, reaching all the way to the end of people’s vision.

Long Chen had his saber in his right hand, and his left hand was still in the slapping posture. He simply stood there as if he had done something incredibly miniscule.

As for the Yuhua Palace’s experts, their hearts clenched. They could only hear the sound of their heartbeats in their ears. They couldn’t believe what they were seeing.

“I really dislike your way of showing off. I don’t even know where you get that confidence from. I’m giving you a chance to recover. Otherwise, you would already be dead beneath my saber,” said Long Chen coldly.

“Boss really is the boss. This face-slapping art is still as divine as ever in the immortal world. No one can block it,” said Qi Yu. His blood heated up just from witnessing this. That old feeling he had been missing finally resurfaced within his heart, igniting his own battle intent.

BOOM!

As the earth exploded, a giant gate appeared and an enormous figure charged out of it.

This was a giant ape with golden eyes and golden fur. Its wild aura radiated throughout the world, shaking heaven and earth.

This was a fifth rank beast. But it was no ordinary beast. It was a psychic beast from another world.

Psychic beasts were capable of being summoned through a spiritual contract. That contract opened the path to the other world for them, allowing them to come out into this world and assist someone in battle.

The Chu family’s altars had also been set up for a similar contract but for lifeforms of the Netherworld. Unfortunately, their contract was a one-shot deal. The lifeforms would accept their offerings and do some work for them, and once that work was done, the two sides would have nothing to do with each other.

However, spirit psychic bloodline arts were for long-term usage. It was just that such bloodlines were exceedingly rare in this world.

Furthermore, even if you possessed such a bloodline, you still needed to go to that other world and capture psychic beasts for yourself, forcing them to form contracts.

If you wanted a psychic beast that was even stronger than you, you could only use some sinister schemes to subdue it and trick it into forming a contract.

This golden ape’s terrifying pressure shocked countless experts. They had seen Jiang Baihe summon other psychic beasts, but they had all been of the fourth rank.

However, those fourth rank beasts of his were all very terrifying. Some were even comparable to Immortal Kings.

Today, he had summoned a fifth rank psychic beast, something that was not just comparable to an Immortal King but could equally match an Immortal King’s power.

“This golden ape is something that even I would have to use my full power to fight. Tell me, how is Long Chen going to fight it?” Jiang Weizhong was pleased with this change. He eyed the patriarch.

But he was disappointed to see that the patriarch didn’t react to this shocking golden ape at all.

At this moment, the golden ape roared. Just the sound shattered the nearby mountains. Countless people were struck by that sound wave, and blood poured out of their ears. They temporarily lost their hearing and felt the world shaking.

“Man and beast unite!”

After that, Jiang Baihe appeared on top of the giant ape’s head. He formed hand seals, and just like a rune, he left himself branded on its forehead.

A golden scepter then appeared in the ape’s hand. It was so big that when it lifted the scepter, it was like even the heavens would be pierced through.

With a furious roar, the scepter smashed down from the heavens. 

Every expert felt their heart shaking. Although this attack wasn’t targeting them, the terrifying pressure had crushed their mental strength.

Bai Shishi’s expression also changed. She hadn’t expected Jiang Baihe to be so terrifying. Compared to him, Ku Wuya and Gui Yun were practically trash.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Die!”

The golden ape actually spat out the human language. In this merger state, everything was controlled by Jiang Baihe.

Seeing this scene, Long Chen smiled coldly. He slowly raised his bone saber in front of him and patiently awaited the scepter’s fall.

In front of countless shocked gazes, that giant scepter smashed down like a heavenly pillar crushing an ant. Long Chen appeared absolutely miniscule in front of it.

BOOM!

As a result, qi waves exploded and fragments of spacetime blew through the air. All the experts present, even Divine Lords, almost coughed up blood from the impact.

Dust and rubble flew through the air. However, they were shocked to find that under the giant scepter, Long Chen had not budged.

His bone blade was stopping the scepter just like that, and his face was as expressionless as ever. An arc of light had appeared on top of his bone saber, and people could see another arc from the scepter as well. Those two arcs then rubbed against each other, emitting explosive sounds that hurt people’s souls. It felt like their souls would be torn apart by that sound.

“I understand. It seems that you don’t know your own power! Alright then, I’ll help you force it out.”

Long Chen suddenly became covered by dragon scales and golden light erupted. A dragon cry then resounded through the air.

Favorite