Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3268 Underworld Ghost Seed

BOOM!

The giant golden ape was sent reeling back.

“What?!”

The Yuhua Palace’s experts were stunned. That golden ape was a fifth rank psychic beast, equivalent to an Immortal King.

Ignoring its shocking Blood Qi, just its giant body and shape were enough to tell people that it was an existence specializing in brute power. However, even something this terrifying was knocked back by Long Chen.

At this moment, golden dragon scales appeared all over Long Chen’s body. Flames ignited on top of them as if the scales themselves were burning. Right now, Long Chen appeared to be a golden warrior burning with divine flames.

Furthermore, the current Long Chen was different from before. When he activated the power of his divine flames, he managed to absorb a bit of Heavenly Dao energy to assist him in battle.

The majority of the Heavenly Daos were against Long Chen, and only a small portion could be summoned to assist him. But this small amount was enough to make Long Chen feel as if he had been freed from a heavy set of shackles.

Only now did he realize just how heavy those shackles were. It wasn’t that he wasn’t strong enough. In the Four Peak realm, he would slowly break free from those shackles dragging him down.

Although his cultivation base was only at the first Heavenstage of the Four Peak realm, he could already feel a portion of the Heavenly Daos assisting him. The seals that this world had on him had weakened.

He was experiencing what Luo Zichuan had taught him. Only by learning how to borrow the power of the Heavenly Daos could he understand more about the Heavenly Daos, and only then could he swim freely within this vast ocean.

Long Chen slashed his bone saber forward, and the golden ape was sent reeling back. With every step, the void collapsed behind it. 

“The dragon is the emperor of all beasts. I possess dragon blood, so your psychic beast’s bloodline suppression is completely ineffective against me. Instead, it is the one suppressed by my dragon blood. If I had to rely on brute force against an ordinary Immortal King, perhaps they would have a chance. But you have no chance.” Long Chen continued to send the golden ape tumbling back. No matter how it roared, it was unable to stabilize itself.

Suddenly, Long Chen vanished, and the force he was using to push back the golden ape also vanished. The ape was caught off-guard, and it stumbled forward.

A thin red line then appeared in the void. When that thread reached the ape’s waist, it roared and its body was cut in two at the waist.

The red thread slowly stopped, and only then did Long Chen’s figure reappear. That red thread was the cutting edge of the bone saber.

Blood-red flame runes had appeared on the edge of the blade. When they slowly faded, the bone saber returned to its normal appearance.

“This bone saber has found the right master. Only in my hands can it unleash its full potential.” A fiery light shone in Long Chen’s eyes as he looked at his bone saber.

When flame energy was inserted into the saber, its sharpness instantly soared to an absolutely terrifying realm. 

Just now, he had only been testing its sharpness. He hadn’t expected that when Huo Linger’s power was merged with the bone blade, it would unleash such power. This Immortal King beast was unable to stop it.

“Impossible!” Jiang Weizhong was shocked. He didn’t believe his eyes. He had personally fought this ape before. With that King item, the golden scepter, even he was forced to stay away from it.

With its powerful physical body, even a King item couldn’t possibly cut it in two.

After Long Chen sliced the ape in two, he now raised his saber. When pointing the tip at the heavens, its edge once more reddened. He once more slashed it down, not giving Jiang Baihe any chance to recover.

On the other hand, Jiang Baihe was in control of the golden ape, and he suffered the same pain of having his body cut in two. After enduring the pain, he swept out his golden scepter to receive Long Chen’s attack.

BOOM!

The bone saber was stopped. But a chilling wind still hacked down, and the ape’s body, which had yet to separate, was sliced through once more, turning into four pieces.

With it slain, Jiang Baihe screamed and flew out of its head. The golden scepter was sent flying into the distance.

Jiang Baihe was covered in blood, which was from the golden ape. His eyes were bulging, and veins throbbed on his forehead.

He had endured the pain of the golden ape being slain, and it almost caused his mind to collapse. The sensation of death had been all too real.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Watch out behind you!” 

Jiang Weizhong suddenly shouted. At some point, Long Chen had appeared behind Jiang Baihe like a phantom.

Regretfully, his warning was too late. When Long Chen’s saber fell, Jiang Baihe’s body was cut apart.

The Yuhua Palace’s experts all felt their heads buzz and turn blank. The leading heavenly genius of the Yuhua Palace had been slain just like this?

“Long Chen, I’ll kill you!”

Jiang Weizhong exploded with killing intent. Just as he was about to attack Long Chen, a hand slammed into his back. As a result, his roiling Blood Qi instantly froze and his cultivation base was frozen.

Jiang Weizhong turned back. It was the patriarch who had stopped him. His eyes instantly reddened.

The patriarch’s hand once more struck him, and his body stiffened. He was unable to even speak.

“Just watch. Something major is happening.” The patriarch’s expression was surprisingly grave. There was a hint of panic in his eyes.

Long Chen had cut Jiang Baihe in two. However, everyone was startled to find that Jiang Baihe didn’t die.

The two parts of his body were connected by countless black threads. Just as his body was split apart, they were bound back together.

“What…???”

The Yuhua Palace’s experts were all dumbfounded. Today, they were seeing something that they couldn’t imagine.

However, some particular elders amongst them, who were so old that they were one foot in the grave, were especially horrified.

“Could it be…” Those elders collapsed on the ground, not daring to believe their eyes.

After cutting Jiang Baihe apart, Long Chen didn’t continue attacking. He rested his saber on his shoulder and watched Jiang Baihe fuse his body back together. A hint of shock appeared on his face.

“No wonder I was so disgusted by your aura. So you are an underworld ghost seed.”

“Underworld ghost seed?!”

When they heard that, countless people were horrified. Some of them even began to quiver uncontrollably.