Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3270 Clash of King Items

Following Jiang Baihe’s roar, his entire body turned black. Countless spots appeared on his body as if he was a corpse.

After that, his mouth grew and a set of sharp teeth could be seen. Also, two bumps appeared on top of his head. Bone spurs grew out of them until they became white horns on his head.

Similar spurs appeared on his elbows, shoulders, and palms. They were all similar to the bone nails on his wings and were incomparably sharp. They emitted a sharp light that made people’s hair stand on end.

This was no longer Jiang Baihe. It was a truly terrifying lifeform with black qi gushing out of his entire body.

His current state horrified people. They had never seen a creature with such an ominous appearance. It was even more terrifying than the nightmare ghosts of legends.

As for Long Chen, he suddenly nodded with comprehension. “So you are using your core energy to summon a domain where you can resist the suppression of the laws of the immortal world. That really is the same principle as the Ghost Ship’s innate dark domain. I suppose that’s what it means for it to sail through the Dao.”

Long Chen thought of when he had encountered that Ghost Ship. Despite it clearly being a clear and sunny day, that Ghost Ship caused the surroundings to turn into night. It was just like the current Jiang Baihe.

“You really have seen a soldier transport ship?” asked the monster Jiang Baihe. A trace of shock appeared in his vertical pupils.

“A soldier transport ship? In other words, Yin Soldiers Through the Dao really exist? It seems that you set up this scheme a long time ago. Is it to wage war against the immortal world?” asked Long Chen.

Just then, a black gate appeared in the black qi gushing out of Jiang Baihe.

“Not good! He’s going to run!”

The patriarch’s expression changed. Just like everyone else, he thought that Jiang Baihe had entered this state in order to fight Long Chen. Unexpectedly, this lifeform of the Ghost Dao was extremely crafty. This was nothing more than a bluff for his retreat.

The patriarch was just about to move when the black gate exploded, destroyed by a black sword.

This sudden change caught everyone off-guard. They stared in shock at that gate. A young maiden wrapped in black lightning runes had appeared within the gate.

“You want to play tricks with me? Too naive. In my eyes, your tricks are incredibly childish. Remember, in this world, it is humans whose hearts are the most difficult to read. Your tricks might be able to trick ghosts, but it’s far from enough to trick humans,” sneered Long Chen.

Although this Ghost Dao lifeform had put on an act of putting everything on the line, Long Chen had sensed him stealthily merging a portion of his power into the void. At that moment, Long Chen knew that he was up to something.

According to his guess, this could only be used for a strange attack or to escape. But in order to be safe, he had Lei Linger conceal herself in the void while he drew all the attention. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In truth, Jiang Baihe’s fierce attacks were also nothing more than bait to draw Long Chen’s attention so that he wouldn’t notice him preparing to escape. However, the result was the opposite of what he had attempted. This lifeform was instead schemed against by Long Chen.

Lei Linger’s appearance terrified Jiang Baihe. He sensed terrifying power from her body.

Suddenly, Jiang Baihe rushed toward Long Chen with his scepter. When strange marks flowed on top of it, a destructive aura erupted. Even the patriarch's expression changed.

“He’s going to detonate his King item!”

Logically, Jiang Baihe didn’t possess the power to control a King item. He couldn’t unleash a King item’s true power, nor could he order it to detonate.

However, in the hands of this lifeform, some secret technique had been activated to force it to detonate.

It had to be known that this golden scepter was one of the two supreme treasures of the Yuhua Palace. If it detonated here, then all the surrounding space would be blasted out of existence.

That kind of destructive power was something perhaps only a few people here would be able to survive. Moreover, the majority of the Yuhua Palace’s people were gathered here. If it was allowed to detonate, the Yuhua Palace would truly be done for. They would never be able to recover from such a thing.

Just as Jiang Baihe’s face was twisted in a sinister and ruthless expression, as if he wanted to drag everyone down with him, Long Chen extended his left hand. A golden pill furnace appeared.

After that, the pill furnace smashed into Jiang Baihe’s scepter. The clash of two Kings items caused a deafening ringing.

Jiang Baihe was surprised that Long Chen also had a King item. Furthermore, when these two King items clashed, their runes formed a terrifying resonance, and ripples spread, flattening the mountain range.

The surrounding experts were sent flying, coughing up blood. Cracks appeared in their bodies.

A clash of King items unleashed terrifying shockwaves. Even if it was just a simple collision, it still activated the self-protective powers of the King items.

Long Chen’s arm turned numb from the impact and was bleeding. He almost lost hold over the pill furnace.

However, this attack also destroyed one of Jiang Baihe’s arms. The scepter was then sent flying into the distance.

Long Chen had managed to stop the detonation of the scepter. With his other hand, he swung his bone saber, and the red pattern once more appeared on its edge. On the other hand, black blood sprayed as Jiang Baihe’s head flew into the air.

BOOM!

Just then, Lei Linger’s lightning sword slashed onto his body, blasting it apart.

Jiang Baihe’s body was destroyed. Although black runes floated out, he was unable to merge the tiny pieces back together. The black runes slowly turned to dust.

Long Chen had previously managed to cut Jiang Baihe's body apart, but the latter had managed to fuse the pieces of his body. However, after Lei Linger’s attack this time, his physical body was truly destroyed.

Now, all that remained of Jiang Baihe was a single head, which looked at Long Chen. He suddenly opened his mouth, and a blood arrow shot toward him.

When that blood arrow appeared, Long Chen’s heart quivered. He didn’t dare to block it, so he dodged to the side.

BOOM!

The blood arrow shot through the air and exploded into the distance. Black blood then filled that space. A black hole was corroded into the void.

Looking at that black hole, people were horrified. That black hole was like a devil’s eye.

Even the Heavenly Daos were corroded, so this thing could not be touched by normal human. Even a weapon would probably be corroded if it touched the blood.

Seeing that this underworld ghost seed was able to unleash such a terrifying attack even when all that was left of him was a head, everyone turned icy-cold. This lifeform was absolutely ferocious.

As soon as it spat out the blood arrow, Lei Linger sliced through its head. After that, its head exploded, revealing a black crystal.

Long Chen was just about to reach out and grab it when his expression completely changed. He swung his bone saber toward the black crystal.

Favorite