Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3275 Local Gang

“There’s someone here!”

Long Chen was startled. This arrow came without any warning and only narrowly missed his neck. Long Chen also smelled a stinging medicinal fragrance as it shot by.

That arrow was actually poisoned. If struck, it would instantly take the life of its target.

Hence, Long Chen’s gaze instantly turned icy cold. Someone else was secretly watching this battle, so he turned in a certain direction.

At some point, hundreds of figures had appeared atop a distant mountain. These people were wearing camouflage, which made them blend into the trees and rocks. Even their faces were painted.

Even if you were looking carefully, as long as they arranged themselves properly, it would be very difficult to notice them. They were all experts of disguise.

They also seemed to have some other item that caused their auras to merge with the aura of this place. Because of that item, Long Chen’s attention was drawn to the Immortal King devil beasts, and he actually hadn’t noticed them.

Hundreds of them had their arrows pointed right at him. Bai Shishi and the others also walked over and glared coldly at that group.

Around half of those people were Divine Lords, and the others were at the peak of the Four Peak realm. Unexpectedly, Long Chen and the others had run into such a large group of experts as soon as they entered the Vile Dragon Domain.

“Brat, where did you come from? We are the ones to discover these two devil beasts, so hand over your weapons and scram.” Their leader was a large middle-aged man. He eyed Long Chen’s bone saber greedily.

“You found them? So you mean you don’t care to talk reasonably, right?” Long Chen slowly pulled his bone saber out of the python’s head.

“Where did this brat come from? You want to talk reason with our Azure Dragon Gang? But that girl isn’t bad. Maybe we should capture her and offer her to the leader. We’d definitely be rewarded,” said one of the Divine Lords, almost drooling as he looked at Bai Shishi.

Bai Shishi actually smiled rather than getting angry. That beautiful smile stunned that group of people.

“I like that you don’t talk reason. It just so happens that I don’t talk reason either. Was it you who shot that arrow?” Long Chen pointed his saber at the speaker.

“That’s right, it was-”

That person was still smiling when his chest was pierced by the bone saber.

Long Chen’s bone saber had instantly extended hundreds of meters to stab him.

When Long Chen had obtained this bone saber, it was originally hundreds of meters long. He had then activated its runes to shrink it. So, now he was able to control its size freely.

If it was too large, he couldn’t wield it in combat. But shrinking it didn’t affect its power. Now he simply allowed it to grow back to its original size, killing that person. Even Bai Shishi and the others had never seen this move before.

“It’s good that it was you. I was worried about killing the wrong person.”

With a single quiver, that person’s body exploded and his blood splashed the people beside him.

The leader of this group was shocked. Seeing the clothes of Long Chen’s group, he had assumed them to be some foolish, inexperienced group of disciples who had come to the Vile Dragon Domain to adventure.

It had to be known that the Vile Dragon Domain’s infamy was quite resounding. Every year, it attracted a large number of heavenly geniuses.

Moreover, many of those heavenly geniuses hadn’t come to harvest the precious herbs, but to make a name for themselves. Because of it, many of the arrogant heavenly geniuses in the surroundings came to the Vile Dragon Domain.

If they could bring back some powerful devil beast corpses, they could brag about them in the future. Hence, there were always some fools unafraid of death who entered the Vile Dragon Domain just to lose their lives.

However, those prideful heavenly geniuses usually didn’t die to devil beasts. Instead, they died at the hands of other people.

The Vile Dragon Domain was a chaotic and dangerous place, with many gangs constantly fighting each other for territory and treasures. Hence, there were often unimaginable schemes in the undercurrents.

This was a world of darkness, a completely different extreme from the outside world. Most of the people who gathered here were traitors of some sects, or perhaps chased by powerful enemies and had no other place to go, or perhaps they were simply naturally violent and liked to kill.

In any case, this was a lawless place. There was no king to make laws. It was a place where talking reason was the least reasonable thing.

In this place, killing people for their treasures was as common as eating food or drinking water.

Originally, these people had set their sights on the leopard. They had arranged a trap over a month. But just as their preparations were completed, that earth element python came out of the underground and attacked. The leopard was then poisoned and dying, while the python was killed by a single blow from Long Chen. If they didn’t come out to take advantage at this time, then this wouldn’t be the Vile Dragon Domain.

Just looking at the clothes of Long Chen’s group, they assumed these young people to be nothing more than a group of fat sheep. However, they hadn’t expected Long Chen to be even more ruthless than them and directly kill one of them.

“Kill them all!” shouted the leader.

“Qi Yu, Zixiong, you can kill them.” Long Chen waved his hand. Hearing the command, Qi Yu and Xu Zixiong instantly attacked.

“What about us?”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Bai Xiaole was just about to attack when he heard that Long Chen only wanted Qi Yu and Xu Zixiong to fight.

“Of course, you’re just watching. It is a training session for them.” Qin Feng shrugged helplessly.

Qi Yu was like a wild tempest moving through their midst. Over ten people were killed at the same time by a single stroke of his sword.

Xu Zixiong followed behind Qi Yu. The two of them were like tigers falling upon a flock of sheep. Those people’s arrows were originally shot just to scare Long Chen and the others. They had assumed that Long Chen would submit and beg for mercy. But as soon as Qi Yu and Xu Zixiong charged in, they no longer dared to unleash their arrows. Because at such close range, they could easily injure their own people. That one moment of hesitation resulted in their numbers being rapidly cut down.

“Go all-out!”

The leader’s expression changed. As soon as Qi Yu and Xu Zixiong started fighting for real, he got a bad feeling. Although the two of them were only in the early Four Peak realm, their actual combat power was astonishing.

BOOM!

That leader could barely receive a single blow from Qi Yu. But his sword was sent flying and he coughed up blood.

Their leader was a late stage Divine Lord, so the result of his exchange with Qi Yu caused all his allies’ expressions to change.

Then they saw Long Chen, Bai Shishi, Bai Xiaole, and Qin Feng just standing there watching. Seeing this, they instantly realized that they had provoked people that they shouldn’t have provoked.

“Run!”

In an instant, the same thought ran through all their heads. In just the first clash, almost a hundred of them had died. This was no battle, this was a one-sided slaughter!

Seeing that even their leader couldn’t handle it, without hesitation, these people fled in every direction.

Once they fled, Qi Yu and Xu Zixiong were left dumbfounded. All these people had split up in every direction, so they had no way to chase them all down.

The funniest thing was that the leader who had gone all-out to receive a single blow from Qi Yu had used the resulting force to flee the earliest out of them all.

However, after running, he realized that something was wrong. He was at the frontmost of the retreating group, and yet somehow he saw that he was moving toward Long Chen.

Long Chen then smiled at him and gave him a deeply emotional slap, sending him tumbling back.

“Smelly little fellow.”

Favorite