Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3277 Zhaoming Ancient City

The manager of the Azure Dragon Gang explained what he knew about the Vile Dragon Domain. There were four major forces here, and the Azure Dragon Gang was one of them.

Both the boss and the vice boss were Immortal Kings. And coincidentally, this vice boss was actually a traitor who was expelled from the High Firmament Academy thirteen hundred years ago.

Long Chen was a bit surprised that the academy hadn’t mentioned this to him. A traitor had actually managed to rise to the Immortal King realm? That was a bit strange.

According to reason, anyone who could ascend to the Immortal King realm had to be very talented, such as an outstanding Primal. They were elites amongst elites. How could the High Firmament Academy expel such a person?

He really was unable to see through the High Firmament Academy. Furthermore, after encountering Immortal Kings one after another, he found something odd.

The Immortal Kings that he had seen didn’t give him a feeling of too much pressure. On the other hand, Bai Zhantang and his wives all gave him a mightier sense of pressure.

On the surface, they only had the power of Divine Lords. But the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art’s senses were always amazingly accurate. Due to this, he had a feeling that Bai Zhantang and the others were likely sealing their true power.

It seemed that the High Firmament Academy’s power truly wasn’t something that he could imagine. The title of the world’s number one academy was not for nothing.

From the manager, Long Chen learned that this traitor’s name was Qiu Yang. He was given the moniker of the Little Spirit King because he was a rarely seen spirit cultivator, and his flying sword-controlling art had reached perfection. 

The Azure Dragon Gang had the Little Spirit King Qiu Yang and the Dragon Claw Zhao Qinglong. They were both famous existences in the Vile Dragon Domain.

The Azure Dragon Gang had two Immortal Kings standing guard over it, and its gang contained a million members. Yet, with so many experts, they were not powerful enough to dominate the Vile Dragon Domain.

They were only one of the four major forces. The other three were the Blood Drinking Alliance, Dragon Slaughter Guild, and the Iron Blood Mercenary Group.

These four powers constantly fought each other, but their powers were evenly matched, so no side was able to get an advantage over the others.

Amongst these four powers, the Azure Dragon Gang and the Dragon Slaughtering Guild were mortal enemies. Of course, just from their names, it could be seen that these two factions were opposing each other. In every encounter, they would almost instantly start killing each other with no room for talking.

When it came to disciples like Long Chen and the others who came from outside the domain, they were usually from rich families and had come out to adventure. As they had quite a few protective treasures, they were viewed as sheep for the slaughter by these people. So, killing them for their treasures was often seen here.

As for poor disciples that came here, they were usually forced by their enemies to flee here or had to risk their lives here in a gamble to get stronger.

If those disciples had decent aptitude and guts, the four powers would take them in to strengthen themselves.

As a result, the Vile Dragon Domain had gathered a bunch of ruthless figures. Although their cultivation bases weren’t incredibly high, they would make sure no kind people existed in this place.

The other three powers also had Immortal Kings standing guard over them, and not just one.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

In other domains, such figures would be enough to be sect masters. But they lived in the shadows here. It was said that these people all possessed secret backgrounds.

According to the manager, the Little Spirit King Qiu Yang had done something taboo, which was why he was chased out of the High Firmament Academy and fled here.

As for the boss, Zhao Qinglong, he had once been the master of a sect. Due to offending the Bloodkill Hall, the Bloodkill Hall annihilated his sect overnight, and he fled here, no longer daring to leave.

It was said that the violent aura here had a large effect on assassins. The Bloodkill Hall’s assassins wouldn’t stay here for a long period. 

That was something that Long Chen understood. Assassins focused on cultivating their concealing arts, so they had techniques to slow the flow of their blood and lower their temperature, which allowed them to conceal themselves and keep their heads cool. This was where the term coldblooded assassins came from.

As for the Vile Dragon Domain’s violent aura, it not only affected their Blood Qi but also their mind. That was why they didn’t set foot in this domain. Zhao Qinglong was definitely the safest here.

The most interesting thing about these four powers was that their headquarters were actually in the same place.

That was because within the Vile Dragon Domain, the safest area was Zhaoming Ancient City.

It was said that this was a remnant of an ancient city. Although its original buildings had long since crumbled, for some reason, the devil beasts did not dare to enter the ruins of that area. They didn’t even dare to get close.

Even if people provoked Immortal King devil beasts, as soon as they fled into the area around Zhaoming Ancient City, those devil beasts would stop and silently leave.

Zhaoming Ancient City was split into four regions: north, south, east, and west. Those four regions were each occupied by one of the four major powers.

The four powers all respected one rule: No matter their enmity and grudges, they would not fight within the city. That was because they didn’t know what was causing the devil beasts to be scared of the city. If the city was damaged in battle and whatever scared them away was broken, the devil beasts could invade and everyone would die.

Thus, at the very least, Zhaoming City could be counted as a somewhat safe place. People didn’t dare to fight there because no one wanted to be killed.

On the way there, Bai Xiaole caught a Storm Eagle. He then made it fly at full speed for a full day and night, driving it to the point where it almost spat out blood. But thanks to it, they finally saw the figure of an ancient city ahead.

As expected, when they saw that ancient city, the Storm Eagle that Bai Xiaole had caught no longer dared to go any further. Even if it was beaten to death, it refused to go further. Bai Xiaole could not force it.

Due to it having carried them all this way, Bai Xiaole simply released it. While carrying the sullen manager of the Azure Dragon Gang, they continued onward. But as they went further, the trees grew sparser and the land grew flatter. Through a grassy underbrush, they could vaguely see some bricks of the ancient era. Those bricks were covered in moss. They were simply lying there, as if trying to tell a story.

Upon reaching the edge of the ancient city, Long Chen and the others felt an ineffable mourning feeling. Long Chen, Qin Feng, and Qi Yu came to a stop at the same time. They exchanged a glance, seeing the shock in the other's eyes.

They had experienced this feeling before. It was the feeling that they had felt on the Martial Heaven Continent when Qu Jiangying, the old man, Ling Yunzi, Hu Feng, and the others fell one by one. It was that feeling of powerlessness, that will to only fight to death, and the sorrow of eternal rest.

“It seems that this really is an ancient city with its own story,” sighed Long Chen as he looked at these ruins.

“Who’s there?!”

Long Chen and the others had just appeared when they heard a shout from up ahead.

“Boss Long San has honored us with his presence. Call out the boss of your Azure Dragon Gang to come kowtow in greeting.”

Before Long Chen could reply, Bai Xiaole was already shouting impatiently. As a result, countless figures came out from all over the ruins.

“How brazen. Juniors, did you come from so far away just to die?” A cold snort rang out. After that, a vast aura rose, and a group of people walked over.

Favorite