Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3282 Spirit King Pill

The Immortal King realm was different from other realms. It was the one where talent mattered the most.

In the Immortal King realm, a person’s Spirit Root condensed into crystal form. It was the Immortal King Crystal. It was a bit similar to the cores and Neidans of devil beasts and demonic beasts.

The Immortal King Crystals were split between Heaven, Earth, Spirit, and Mortal tiers. The Mortal tier was the worst. 

For ordinary disciples, the Divine Lord realm was their limit. Only Primals who had awakened their bloodline could advance to the Immortal King realm, as only they could condense an Immortal King Crystal with the support of their primal bloodline.

Furthermore, the Immortal King Crystal absorbed their bloodline to condense. The result was that over eighty percent of all Immortal King Crystals ended up being Mortal tier. Only a small portion managed to condense Spirit tier crystals.

As for the Earth tier and Heaven tier, they were mostly all cultivated to that level through later effort. Someone who could condense an Earth tier Immortal King Crystal right as they advanced to the Immortal King realm was qualified to be called a peerless heavenly genius. They would definitely become an overlord once they grew up.

As for anyone who could condense Heaven tier Immortal King Crystals, they were essentially the peak figures of the immortal world. It was said that Lord Brahma, Fallen Daynight, and the likes of them had directly condensed Heaven tier Immortal King Crystals when they advanced to this realm.

An Immortal King Crystal was called innate when it was first condensed. If it was later cultivated to a higher level through talent, resources, pills, and the various treasures of the world, then they were called acquired Immortal King Crystals.

Other than the likes of Lord Brahma and Fallen Daynight, geniuses that might not appear once in a million years, most people advanced with acquired Immortal King Crystals.

Thus, this kind of differentiation was rarely used in the immortal world, as there were essentially no innate Immortal King Crystals to speak of. Most people acquired higher tiers through effort, not talent.

Hence, the majority of Immortal Kings were in the Mortal tier. They had an awkward position in this realm.

That was because their realms would stop in the early Immortal King realm. They didn’t dare to further cultivate. Once they advanced to the mid stage, it meant that the quality of their Immortal King Crystal was set in stone. No matter what they did in the future, they would never be able to progress to the Spirit tier.

In other words, their cultivation base would forever stagnate at the mid Immortal King stage. It would be impossible for them to advance any further.

Whether it was mortals or cultivators, the thing that they feared the most was seeing the end of their future. That was a despair worse than death.

Thus, the majority of Mortal tier Immortal Kings were stuck at the early stage of their realm. If they advanced to the Spirit tier, they could reach the mid stage. And if they advanced to the Earth tier, they could reach the late stage. Only a Heaven tier Immortal King dared to advance to the full circle of the Immortal King realm in preparation for breaking through to the World King realm.

Furthermore, different tiers of Immortal Kings possessed vastly different combat powers in the same realm. Due to this tier difference, a Spirit tier Immortal King could crush a Mortal tier Immortal King effortlessly.

Back in the Yuhua Palace, the patriarch had been able to easily suppress Jiang Weizhong because the patriarch had advanced to the Spirit tier. Even if Jiang Weizhong wanted to revolt, he didn’t have the power to fight the patriarch.

There was a huge difference between the Mortal tier and the Spirit tier. Thus, Jiang Yuhe and the others were unable to even speak when they heard Long Chen’s words.

They were profoundly aware of just how difficult it was to advance to the Spirit tier. They had tried countless spirit medicines and had meditated upon countless rare lands, all without the slightest sign of advancing. Thus, they helplessly came to the Vile Dragon Domain.

The Vile Dragon Domain was even less suitable for breaking through, so they had accepted their fates. In any case, they were all Mortal tier Immortal Kings, and they were all helpless against each other. Thus mutual restraint was the safest.

They were prepared to spend a lifetime here with no intention of advancing. But they hadn’t expected Long Chen to toss out such alluring bait as soon as he came. Their heads buzzed. For a while, they were unable to reply.

“Are you being serious?” asked the mercenary leader, his voice heavy.

If anyone else simply tossed out such an offer, he would directly beat them up for lying. Not even a child would believe such a lie. But when it came from Long Chen’s mouth, his intuition told him that Long Chen wasn’t the kind of person to lie about this. 

“I’m very busy. I have no time to waste. I wouldn’t tell a lie that is so easy to see through.” Long Chen took out a simple case and put it on the table. He indicated for them to take a look.

The four of them exchanged a glance. In the end, it was the mercenary leader who couldn’t help reaching out and opening the case.

Inside the case was a pill covered with spots and wrinkles. It looked very ugly.

The mercenary leader was enraged, thinking that Long Chen was duping them. But Long Chen indifferently said, “That is the pill veil. If you take off the pill veil, you’ll see its true appearance.”

Following his instructions, the mercenary leader carefully pinched the pill. With a light sound like a walnut’s exterior being cracked, a pure white pill appeared in front of them.

This pill was as bright as a full moon. It emitted a gentle light that made everyone’s eyes brighten.

Jiang Yuhe and the others stared at the pill thirstily. Even Bai Xiaole and the others could hear their hearts pounding wildly.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

There was a halo of light around the pill that was connected to the interior of the pill. The light spun, and its orbit seemed to contain the profundities of heaven and earth. Just looking at the pill refreshed the mind. The more they stared, the more they wanted to look at it.

Moreover, Jiang Yuhe and the others clearly felt their King Crystals quivering inside of them. The thirst that their King Crystals felt for this pill was even greater than what they felt themselves.

“Spirit King Pill!”

The mercenary leader swallowed his saliva with great difficulty and spat out three words. He recognized this treasure that countless Immortal Kings dreamed of obtaining. It was something capable of increasing the quality of a King Crystal.

A Spirit King Pill could allow their Immortal King Crystal to directly advance to the Spirit tier. This was a heaven-defying treasure, one that could change their fates.

Hence, Spirit King Pills were incomparably precious. They were priceless treasures that didn’t even exist on the market. Well, if there were any available, they were held in the hands of the supreme sects. People like the likes of them were unable to obtain them. 

They had bitterly tried, using all kinds of methods over countless years, all without obtaining a single Spirit King Pill. Eventually, they gave up and came here to grow old.

Now that a Spirit King Pill had sent itself right to them, how could they not go crazy? If it was someone else offering it to them, they would have started fighting over it. But in front of Long Chen, they didn’t dare to.

Long Chen had even taken out a Spirit King Pill, so they felt even more reverence for him now. The four of them were fully subdued by him.

“Only one? Do you want the four of us to kill each other so that you can gain full control over the Vile Dragon Domain?” asked the leader of the Blood Drinking Alliance.

As soon as he said this, the other three cooled down and looked at Long Chen warily.

“Is there something wrong with your head, or are you deaf? Didn’t I already say that I’m not interested in your powers? Your subordinates are trash. I wouldn’t want them even if you were to give them to me. Let me repeat myself, and for the last time because I’m very busy. Do you want to work together or not? If not, then scram,” said Long Chen frostily.

Long Chen’s tone was not at all polite, but hearing him say this put the alliance head at ease.

“Little brother, why don’t we get straight to the point? What did you come here for? How can we serve you?” Jiang Yuhe finally looked away from the Spirit King Pill and looked at Long Chen solemnly.

“Do you know where the ruins of the High Firmament Academy’s seventh branch academy are?”

“You couldn’t be…”

“That is impossible!”

The four of their expressions instantly changed. Terror filled their eyes.