Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3283 Terrifying Place

Long Chen hadn’t expected the four of them to react so strongly. All of them seemed terrified.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“What? Is that place very frightening?” asked Long Chen.

The four of them looked at each other, seemingly not knowing just how to respond.

It was Jiang Yuhe who said, “Little brother, didn’t you say that you are the dean of the seventh branch academy? How could you not know about the state of the seventh branch academy?”

“I really don’t know. Big sister, please explain it if you can,” said Long Chen. He naturally didn’t know. The academy had not given him any information at all other than that the seventh branch academy was within the Vile Dragon Domain.

Jiang Yuhe looked at him oddly. It seemed that he really didn’t know. “Your High Firmament Academy is the oldest academy in the immortal world, so your branch academies are older than most sects. The seventh branch academy was destroyed millions of years ago, and its ruins are located on the south side of the Vile Dragon Domain. That is exactly the opposite of Zhaoming Ancient City. With one south and one north, the two are very far apart. Little brother, the south is a land of death. That is where the vile dragons roam and tree demons run rampant. Most frightening of all, there is a deep hole there. Every night when the moon is up, you will hear the roaring of fiends. The curious thing about that fiendish roar is that sometimes it's like ghosts howling, sometimes it's like a woman crying. There are also times when it sounds like singing. The most terrifying one is the singing. It causes a person to lose their mind. Take a look at this…”

Jiang Yuhe suddenly pulled down her robe, revealing a triangular black hole. It was as if she had been pierced by something, and the resulting wound could not be healed. 

Bai Xiaole and the others quickly turned away when she pulled down her robe. However, Long Chen was shocked to feel a strange aura residing within this wound. It was what was stopping her from healing.

After showing Long Chen, she pulled her robe back up, seemingly not embarrassed at all. She continued, “I was schemed against by a certain person there, resulting in me being drawn in by that devil music. I ended up lured into that region, and then I was stabbed by something while I was affected by the music. The pain woke me up. Fortunately, I was still on the outer edge, and I managed to flee. After that, I established the Dragon Slaughtering Guild.”

Jiang Yuhe glanced at Zhao Qinglong with killing intent. It was clear that the person she was referring to was Zhao Qinglong. This was the origin of their enmity.

Jiang Yuhe had come after the Azure Dragon Gang, the Blood Drinking Alliance, and the Iron Blood Mercenary Group were built. Naturally, the original inhabitants did not want new threats to establish themselves in their territory. However, the Blood Drinking Alliance and the Iron Blood Mercenary Group had felt that while she was a threat, she wasn’t worth any drastic actions.

On the other hand, Zhao Qinglong was quite sinister, taking advantage of her lack of experience with the Vile Dragon Domain to con her. But he hadn’t expected her to survive. As a result, his scheming had gained him a new mortal enemy.

The Blood Drinking Alliance and the Iron Blood Mercenary Group were not allies with the Azure Dragon Gang, so they were quite happy to have someone restrict Zhao Qinglong. As a result, the Dragon Slaughtering Guild was born.

It had already been many years, but when she mentioned this terrifying matter, her heart still pounded with fear. The same thing happened every time she thought about it.

“There’s such a thing? It seems that it’s going to be quite hard to be the dean then!” Long Chen frowned. This matter was even thornier than he had thought.

“It’s not just that. It is essentially impossible to even get close to that region. The legend is that there is some ancient giant corpse buried there. It has infected the soil there and even changes the laws of the Heavenly Daos. A suicidal adventurer went there and saw that Corpse Qi had condensed into a giant spatial hole. From that hole, he saw a fiendish world. However, after fleeing back, he didn’t even finish explaining his whole story when black blood suddenly gushed out of all his orifices, and he died. Starting then, no one dared to go in that direction. There are also too many devil beasts there. Even the countless precious medicines that can be found there aren’t alluring enough for people to risk that danger. The ruins of your seventh branch academy are at the core of that region. Your academy wants you to be the dean of that branch? Are you sure that they weren’t sending you to your death?” Jiang Yuhe looked at him curiously.

“What nonsense. Don’t try to sow dissension!” raged Bai Shishi. This woman was actually questioning the relationship between Long Chen and the academy.

Long Chen said, “No, you misunderstand. I was the one who wanted the position of the dean of the seventh branch academy. Now that you’ve said all this, I really am curious about that place. Will you accompany me there?”

“No way!”

The four of them spoke at the same time. All four of them had the same attitude toward that place.

“You’re so cowardly?” scoffed Long Chen.

The Iron Blood Mercenary Group’s leader shook his head. “It’s not a question of cowardice. Although our lives are spent on top of a bloody blade, we’re not going to do something that is sure death. That is pure stupidity. Although your Spirit King Pill is very enticing, it’s not enough for us to simply throw away our lives.”

Clearly, they were extremely terrified of that place. Even the Spirit King Pills were not enough for them to risk it. After all, it wasn’t as important as their lives.

“If you give us the Spirit King Pills and let us advance to the Spirit tier, perhaps we can talk about it,” said Zhao Qinglong.

Long Chen smiled. “A nice idea. It makes sense. But even if I gave you the Spirit King Pills, due to having stagnated at your level for so long, it would take at least three to five years for you to advance to the Spirit tier. I can’t wait that long. How about this? You will accompany me to take a look. If you encounter any danger, you have the right to retreat at any time. Even if we don’t succeed, I can give you half of the Spirit King Pills as the reward. I’ll give two pills to the four of you. If two people absorb a single pill, there is still a thirty percent chance that you can advance. If we do find the ruins of the seventh branch academy, it’ll be enough if I can just see it. If so, I’ll give all of you a complete Spirit King Pill. Your lives are important, and our lives are also important. If it really is impossible, we won’t force it. What do you think about that?”

The four of them were moved. Just accompanying them to take a look would get them one Spirit King Pill each. Although some of the medicinal effects would be lost if it was split, it still had a great effect.

Furthermore, Long Chen’s words were very reasonable. This was a group of heavenly geniuses. They wouldn’t just foolishly charge forward into sure death, so they all felt that it was possible to risk it.

“Are you sure that you won’t eat your words?” asked the mercenary leader.

Long Chen waved his hand, and a case flew toward the mercenary. He then found another Spirit King Pill inside.

After that, Long Chen gave the Spirit King Pill on the table to Jiang Yuhe. Looking at all of them, he said, “The word of Boss Long San is definitely not inferior to that of the Huayun Trading Company. Count this as your advance payment. One pill for two people.”

Now that they were holding the Spirit King Pills, Jiang Yuhe and the mercenary leader were both moved. Long Chen’s money-spending style was truly shocking.

“Alright. Since junior brother is so generous, big sister will accompany you,” said Jiang Yuhe solemnly. She was prepared to gamble.