Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3288 The Skeleton at the Bottom of the Abyss

“If you’re afraid, you can stay here and wait for us. If we don’t climb back up, you’ll need to find your own way back,” said Long Chen. He then took out his bone saber. 

Go back on their own? That dense forest suppressed their senses. Without Long Chen, it was unknown whether or not they could move in the right direction, let alone pass through the terrifying Vile Dragon Valley.

“Let’s go together. The more people we have, the higher chances of our survival,” said Jiang Yuhe.

She also had no other method to deal with this, so they could only follow behind Long Chen. From the start, Long Chen had maintained an absolute calmness. It was the only thing that gave her the slightest sense of safety.

With his bone saber in hand, Long Chen continued onwards. Qi Yu and the others also clenched their weapons and followed, slowly descending the abyss.

The edge of the abyss was occasionally a steep cliff and sometimes a sharp slope. In order to not make any sound, all of them descended very slowly.

When they were already a hundred miles in, Long Chen saw an orchid. Its leaves were like swords, and they had black spots on them. The flower itself was as white as jade.

“Seven Star Sword Orchid!”

Long Chen was shocked. This was a very rarely seen spiritual medicine. Legend was that it grew at the intersection between the immortal world and the devil world. The confluence of both worlds was required. The leaves were toxic, while the flower was a sacred medicine for curing poisons. The toxicity of the leaves was said to be so great that it could kill even Immortal Kings.

Long Chen carefully plucked it and then took out a piece of flesh. This was a piece of flesh from the head of their dragon that had been killed by the black dragon. He had put it away, and since he hadn’t had a chance to look for a core, he hadn’t tossed it into the black soil yet.

He stabbed the leaf of the orchid into the flesh, and a black spot instantly appeared on it. The spot quickly spread, and the entire piece of flesh turned black. In just a few breaths, it rotted.

Seeing this, Jiang Yuhe and the others became covered in cold sweat. They hadn’t expected this tiny thing to be so toxic. Even the flesh of a dragon could be rotted so quickly. If a person was struck, just how fast would they die?

They didn’t recognize this Seven Star Sword Orchid. If they had casually brushed by it, they would have lost their lives.

“As expected, it matches the records in the academy. It’s good.” Long Chen smiled.

The leaves were toxic, but the flower was a precious medicine that could be used in ten thousand different formulas. It could take the spot of many herbs of similar nature. Its value far surpassed the Divine Whisker Daffodil.

He then sent it into the primal chaos space’s medicinal field. As expected, the primal chaos space’s amazing abilities didn’t let him down. The Seven Star Sword Orchid thrummed with vitality, and it was growing even better than before.

Moreover, there was no need for him to transplant it. It would eventually bear seeds. Hundreds of seeds would then spread in the breeze, allowing it to propagate.

However, it was very picky over its environment, so those seeds might lie dormant for thousands or tens of thousands of years before germinating.

If they were to look through the surroundings, they would definitely be able to find some of its seeds. But Long Chen didn’t need them. Just a single Seven Star Sword Orchid was enough for him.

They continued onwards. They didn’t know how much time had passed, but when Long Chen judged them to have reached a depth of almost three thousand miles, they finally saw the bottom.

What Long Chen hadn’t expected was to find a swamp at the bottom, and the water of the swamp was as black as ink.

Long Chen then squatted down at the side of the water. He reached out his hand and touched the water. But then his expression changed slightly. “This isn’t water. It’s blood!”

Long Chen sliced off his finger with his bone saber.

“What?” Bai Shishi was shocked. 

“The blood has a curse in it. It would be best if you all avoid it,” said Long Chen gravely.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Could it be that the legends are true and that there is an ancient corpse buried here?” asked the mercenary leader with a shocked expression.

The legends could not be trusted. But the cursed blood here made him think of that legend.

“We’ll know if we take a look. Be careful. Don’t fall into the water, or who knows what will happen,” warned Long Chen. He started walking onwards.

There were some nameless water plants in this swamp, and they were black as well. Everything here looked similar to the desolate era’s legends of hell.

As for Long Chen, he had gone to the actual hell, so he didn’t find this to be so frightening.

However, others were different. Long Chen was walking when he suddenly felt his upper arm tighten. Bai Shishi was grabbing him.

In this environment, Bai Shishi was growing more and more afraid. She couldn’t help grabbing Long Chen, and she didn’t even mind Long Chen’s teasing smile.

Long Chen nodded, with an encouraging expression in his eyes. Although he didn’t say anything, his meaning was clear: there was no need to fear. He was here.

This was Bai Shishi’s first time feeling Long Chen’s warm side, and it was in this kind of situation. It was like his smile was full of sunlight in this dark world.

“Don’t pull me!” Qin Feng angrily whispered. Bai Xiaole was also afraid and involuntarily grabbed Qin Feng. “What are two men going to hold hands for?! If you have to grab me, grab my shoulder.”

Even at this time, when all their nerves were tense, hearing that almost made Bai Shishi laugh.

When she looked over, she saw that Qin Feng and Qi Yu, these two Dragonblood warriors, were still able to maintain their calm in this kind of situation. They didn’t show too much fear, so she was filled with admiration toward that courage.

On the other hand, it was Jiang Yuhe and the others who were putting up a brave front, but they were unable to trick anyone. The fear in their eyes was clear.

As for their subordinates, they were even worse off. They couldn’t stop themselves from shaking. If a battle started, they wouldn’t be able to even unleash half of their power.

They continued onwards. When a mountain appeared in front of them, they climbed up. After that, glossy rocks appeared. At the top of the mountain, Long Chen suddenly squatted down and lightly cut the ground with his bone saber. As a result, the rock on the surface was stripped away, revealing a white stone.

“This is…”

When everyone saw that white stone, all their hearts clenched. They stared in shock.

“It’s bone…”

The mercenary leader’s voice quivered. That white thing was still emitting very faint fluctuations. It was truly bone.

As for the rocks that they had climbed up, they were the condensation of countless years of dust. They had been climbing up this bone for half a day. If this really was that ancient desolate corpse, just how big was the full body? Just thinking about it gave them chills.

Favorite