Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3289 Devil Dragon Nest

Long Chen used his bone saber’s hilt to strike the ground and managed to pound a small hole into the bone. After that, some kind of white powder appeared.

“No matter how powerful the lifeform, they can’t stop the encroachment of time. The strongest law of this world is time,” Long Chen sighed.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Through this test, he confirmed that this truly was a giant bone. But so much time had passed that it had eroded. It didn’t possess any energy any longer.

Originally, he had been planning on bringing it into the primal chaos space. If that legendary corpse still had energy in it, then perhaps that energy would be enough to make the Wood Foundation Divine Trees start bearing fruit.

If Jiang Yuhe and the others were to learn about what he had been thinking, they would definitely die of fright. Long Chen’s guts truly were extraordinary.

Long Chen was a bit disappointed that this bone had no energy left within it. So, that idea withered.

He could tell that this bone was thousands of miles long, but he didn’t know what part of the body this giant bone was from.

Long Chen then led them up the mountain, and they saw a straight mountain range. After a long time of climbing, with Long Chen memorizing the path, they suddenly came to a stop.

“Don’t go any further,” said Long Chen.

“What is it?” asked Bai Shishi.

“This should be the sole of the creature. It’s a bit similar to a human foot. But there are four toes and a knot in the arch of the foot. I haven’t seen any lifeform like this in the academy’s texts. Let’s go back. I want to trace an outline of what this body is.”

They went back and walked on a different path. This mountainous land that they were climbing was the form of some giant skeleton. In this dark world, with devil qi hanging in the air, they were all weary. Their fatigue gradually built up.

Long Chen in particular was using up more energy than the others because he was spreading his divine sense in this suppressive world. He also needed to rest.

After consuming medicinal pills and resting a bit, they continued walking. They didn’t know how much time had passed as they couldn’t sense the flow of time here. They could only follow Long Chen and pray that they didn’t encounter some terrifying monster.

Long Chen brought them back and forth. They took breaks to recover before continuing time and time again. After a while, Long Chen took out a sheet and began to map their path.

Very quickly, the form of a monster appeared on the map. It was some two-winged lifeform. Its arms reached past its knees, and it had over thirty ribs. Two of them were very short. Staring at this map, Long Chen was silent.

“Boss, why doesn’t this monster have a head?” asked Bai Xiaole curiously.

“We still haven’t gotten to the head. My guess is that the head is where the devil dragon’s nest is. We’re going there last,” said Long Chen.

“The devil dragon’s nest? Then let’s not go! That’s way too dangerous,” said Jiang Yuhe. “Junior brother, that devil dragon is absolutely terrifying. Why don’t we just leave? Once we advance to the Spirit tier, we’ll help you. It won’t take too long. At most, in a hundred years, we’ll have advanced. A hundred years of seclusion passes in a flash. There’s no need to keep risking this.”

She and everyone else from the Vile Dragon Domain were afraid. However, they could only continue forward since they couldn’t leave.

“That’s right. I feel like we should come up with a plan first. After considering things carefully, we’ll have a higher chance of success,” said Zhao Qinglong.

“You want to reclaim the seventh branch academy, but look at the current state. I don’t mean to give you a blow, but perhaps even if the entire High Firmament Academy’s full power came here, it wouldn’t change anything. You should hurry and report the situation back to your academy so that your seniors can come. Perhaps they’ll know the origin of this corpse,” advised the mercenary leader.

“That’s true. It’s not that we’re afraid of death. After all, we’ve lived for so many years and we’ve experienced countless things. But you are different. A great future awaits you. It’s not worth it to take this risk.” Even the Blood Drinking Alliance’s leader joined in.

However, Long Chen ignored all of them and continued to stare at the map. No one knew what he was thinking.

“Long Chen, I also feel like getting this far is enough. They are being reasonable. If the head really is where the devil dragon’s nest is, we shouldn’t go there. We have gained a great deal of valuable information, but all that might get thrown away if we go there,” said Bai Shishi.

The academy had no information on this area, and they had managed to gain a great deal of information for the academy. The academy definitely wouldn’t blame them for leaving now. In fact, they would probably encourage Long Chen and the others to leave now.

At this time, Long Chen put away the paper and smiled. “There is a saying, when you listen to others’ advice, you can have a full stomach. So…”

Hearing that, everyone was delighted.

“So we’re going to keep going.” Long Chen’s sudden turn almost made people faint.

“Long Chen, now isn’t the time to joke!” raged Bai Shishi.

“I really am not joking. If I don’t take a look at the devil dragon’s nest, I won’t be able to rest in peace. Furthermore, I feel like the ruins of the academy should be near there. How can you be willing to not take a look? Let’s go. It wasn’t as if I said that I wanted to slaughter a dragon,” said Long Chen.

People felt a bit better after hearing him say that, but not by much. Bai Xiaole suddenly said, “What if you find a dragon egg?”

“Then it must be grabbed,” said Long Chen directly.

Jiang Yuhe and the others’ hair instantly stood on end. It was unknown how many times they had sworn in their hearts never to cooperate with Long Chen again if they ever got out of here alive. This fellow was crazy.

In the dark, they continued following Long Chen. They were practically holding their breaths, afraid that the slightest disturbance would draw out some terrifying existence.

The space ahead of them gradually grew brighter. When they stood at the top of a tall mountain, they were vaguely able to see some things scattered about.

“Boss-”

“Shh!”

Long Chen waved his hand, demanding silence. He had long since noticed that this place was the ruins of the seventh branch academy. He could see the wreckage of some human buildings and such.

They continued onward and finally saw the monster’s giant head. Its shape was a bit similar to a human head, but it had two spots for horns on its head. However, those horns were gone. It was unknown if they had been broken or if they had simply crumbled from the passing of time.

There were two huge holes where its eyes should be. Long Chen and the others were stealthily creeping over to one of those holes when a dragon roar rang out. A black dragon then flew out of one of those holes.