Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3292 Terrifying Devil Eye Water Lily

The Devil Eye Water Lily was enraged. Its body grew until it filled this entire space. At this moment, this dark world was illuminated by its divine light. Nothing could escape it.

In that instant, Long Chen managed to see the terrain of this abyss. This place was a giant hole, and the skeleton’s head was surrounded by ruins.

Those were the ruins of the seventh branch academy. Long Chen was originally planning on running, but when he saw that, he had a change of heart. He pushed Bai Shishi away, while he shot off toward those ruins. He sent a message to Bai Shishi.

“Join with the others and capture a powerful black dragon. Otherwise, we’ll all die here.”

“What are you doing?!” demanded Bai Shishi.

“I’m igniting the divine tower.”

Long Chen shot off without another word, vanishing from sight.

Bai Shishi was pushed far into the distance. She instantly reached Bai Xiaole and the others. They were all covered in blood and in a wretched state.

Just by unleashing its aura, the Devil Eye Water Lily was able to turn them into this state. Not even the black devil dragons were able to endure it. As for the vice leaders of the Iron Blood Mercenary Group and the Blood Drinking Alliance, they had directly died from the impact.

Those two were half-step Immortal Kings. But in front of this power, they were completely powerless to resist.

The most terrifying thing was that they were now caught without a black dragon under their control. The one that they had attacked and been about to take over had been sent to who knows where. They couldn’t find it without searching. So, their entire plan was ruined.

“Where is boss?” asked Qin Feng.

“Long Chen has his own matter to do. He wants us to capture a dragon and wait for him. Hurry,” said Bai Shishi, just as worried about Long Chen.

She looked up at the infuriated Devil Eye Water Lily that covered the sky. Its killing intent was completely locked onto Long Chen.

The ruins of the seventh branch academy were beneath it, and Long Chen was actually thinking of accomplishing his mission at such a time? He was crazy.

Before this, she had been very dissatisfied with Long Chen’s attitude toward his mission. But now that he was risking his life just to accomplish it, she felt bad for wrongly accusing him. At this moment, she suddenly realized that she didn’t know him at all.

BOOM!

Just then, the rubble beneath their feet quivered. Bai Xiaole cried out, “There’s one right beneath us! Capture it quickly!”

Just then, the rubble exploded and a giant figure flew out. As soon as it appeared, golden chains also shot out from underground, binding it.

This was Bai Shishi’s metal energy. Thousands of chains bound the dragon, dragging it down just as it flew out.

“Attack!”

The mercenary leader roared. If they didn’t go all-out at this time, they really would be doomed. They had to capture one of these dragons to have any hope of escaping.

They all attacked the dragon’s head. It roared and struggled.

Just then, another dragon flew out of the rubble. Their hearts sank. Even one dragon was hard enough to deal with. If another appeared, they would definitely die.

“Deal with this one. Leave that to me and Qi Yu.”

Qin Feng and Qi Yu exchanged a glance. They put away their weapons and took out bows in exchange. They then shot toward the new dragon.

That dragon roared. It opened its mouth, and black flames gushed toward the two of them.

Qi Yu and Qin Feng split up. Qi Yu nocked an arrow and aimed it straight at the dragon’s head.

The arrow landed on its eyelid and merely caused some sparks. Not being able to penetrate its scales, it was useless.

“No good. We don’t have any curving arrow skills, nor do we have boss’s power! We can’t strike it in its vitals,” shouted Qi Yu.

The Dragonblood warriors were all close-range fighters. Although they could shoot arrows, they only knew the basics. The Dragonblood warriors fought as a team, so they usually had specialized archers assisting them in the distance in the form of their allies.

They usually had Guo Ran for arrow attacks if they needed them, so Qi Yu and Qin Feng were both specialized for close-range combat.

“Prepare yourself. I’ll create an opening for you.” 

Qin Feng put away his bow and took out a saber. With a roar, his Blood Qi erupted and dragon scales covered his body. Waves of dragon might erupted, instantly capturing that black dragon’s attention.

BOOM!

Qin Feng’s saber smashed into its body, and this attack contained all his power. But his saber-image shattered on contact, and Qin Feng coughed up blood from the impact. Cracks appeared all over his body.

This black devil dragon’s defensive powers were absolutely terrifying. Even after such an attack, it only staggered.

Just then, an arrow shot into its eye. As a result, the dragon roared and that eye instantly withered.

This arrow’s arrowhead had the Ghost Ship’s rust mixed into it. It contained the terrifying power of time, and even this black dragon was unable to resist it.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The rest of its head also withered. In just a few breaths, it was motionless.

Having killed one of the dragons, the two of them were delighted. They then grabbed the dragon corpse and returned to Bai Shishi’s side, working together to subdue the dragon.

However, when they returned, they found that everyone from the Vile Dragon Domain had died other than the four leaders.

Just now, that black dragon had unleashed the power of its dragon bloodline, shattering Bai Shishi’s chains. Seeing that, they had immediately fled, only for those deputies to be slightly slower and killed.

Bai Shishi once more summoned her golden chains and bound the dragon. With Qin Feng and Qi Yu joining them, they finally managed to daze it. Bai Xiaole then suppressed its soul and took control.

After that, Bai Shishi took out a flying boat. They rushed on and had the dragon put them in its mouth. Bai Xiaole then had the dragon wait here and pretend to be dead in wait for Long Chen’s return.

However, shockingly, as the dragons came flying out of the rubble, they began flying in the direction of the ruins. That was where Long Chen was.

“Let’s go take a look,” said Bai Shishi. Bia Xiaole immediately sent the dragon flying toward there as well.

…

After pushing Bai Shishi away, Long Chen rushed toward the ruins. But as soon as he reached them, a ray of divine light descended from the heavens. He hastily dodged.

BOOM!

The earth was torn asunder by that ray of divine sword-light. Looking up, he saw a torrent of rays falling from the sky toward him. Every single ray gave him a sense of mortal danger. Any one of those attacks could kill him.

“I went a bit too big this time.”

Long Chen shivered and continued to rush through the ruins. He was dancing on the edge of a death god’s scythe. Every single ray of sword-light possessed terrifying power, so Long Chen dodged left and right as he searched through the ruins.

“Found it!”

Long Chen’s eyes suddenly brightened as he saw an ancient altar.