Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3300 There’s More Than Just One Way

Leaving the Vile Dragon Domain gave everyone a sense of relief. Within the Vile Dragon Domain, they constantly felt that there was an eye watching them.

That was the eye of the Devil Eye Water Lily. They didn’t know what kind of technique it was using, but they felt its eye watching through space. It was very uncomfortable.

Long Chen probed it by leaving, but it only watched and didn’t attack. Just as Long Chen predicted, Bai Shishi’s attack had truly left a serious wound in its body. It had yet to recover and could only watch them leave.

After they left the Vile Dragon Domain, that feeling of unease vanished. Clearly, the Devil Eye Water Lily’s power could cover this entire domain. It was truly terrifying.

But outside of the Vile Dragon Domain, they were instantly relieved of that pressure. However, they still found a hidden place for Bai Shishi to continue recuperating.

The berserk aura within the Vile Dragon Domain was not suitable for Bai Shishi’s recovery. In order to save Long Chen, Bai Shishi had not held back. She had damaged her core and was unable to heal it in this region.

As Bai Shishi recovered, Bai Xiaole and the others stood guard. As for Long Chen, he sank into the primal chaos space. Only now did he have time to deal with the seed pod.

The seed pod had five seeds flickering with five different colors. Each of them contained immense power.

“Metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. Five elements that have been raised to the pinnacle. That’s equivalent to five cores or five Dantians.”

Sensing this terrifying power, Long Chen was truly amazed. That Devil Eye Water Lily was incredibly powerful. The fact that he hadn’t died this time was all thanks to dumb luck.

“The Devil Eye Water Lily’s seed is the main ingredient in the Violet Tower Pill. I also have the eye of devil dragons now, but I’m still lacking quite a few secondary ingredients. There’s also quite a bit of distance until the Divine Lord realm, so I won’t be able to use these seeds for now. Bai Shishi saved my life, so I should give the metal element seed to her. As for the fire element seed… eh?” Long Chen suddenly noticed that the fire element seed had vanished. There was still a ball of flames in its original spot, but the seed was gone.

Long Chen looked and couldn’t help laughing. In the distance, Huo Linger was in dragon form, coiling around the seed. She had long since taken it and started consuming it.

Her dragon scales flickered and her aura began to change. Long Chen could vaguely feel the devil qi of the Devil Eye Water Lily within her.

This Devil Eye Water Lily’s flame seed emitted a kind of divine flame. It wasn’t on the Heavenly Flame Rankings, but its power was truly astonishing. Even the current Huo Linger could only absorb it bit by bit.

“It’s a good thing that we cut off this seed pod, or if the slightest trace of these energies came out, I’d have died countless times,” sighed Long Chen.

This seed pod was the source of the Devil Eye Water Lily’s power. This was where it stored energy. Even without it, just the flower itself had almost taken his life. With the seed pod, the Devil Eye Water Lily’s power would rise to a level that he couldn’t even imagine.

Long Chen then took out the wood element seed and planted it in the ground. He also took out a skinned devil dragon that had been stripped of its useful parts, including its devil core and devil eyes, and tossed it into the black soil.

When it was devoured by the black soil, a huge amount of life energy was unleashed in the primal chaos space. He saw the wood seed begin to germinate. In an incense stick’s worth of time, it spread roots into the ground. Seeing this, Long Chen sighed with relief.

This indicated that he would have an endless amount of Devil Eye Water Lilies in the future. Moreover, he didn’t need to go hunt down more Devil Eye Water Lilies for medicinal ingredients. That would make him collapse.

Two hours later, the dragon was fully devoured, but the seed had only sprouted an inch-tall shoot.

After sprouting, it actually climbed out of the ground and began to crawl across the ground like an earthworm.

Looking in the direction it was crawling, Long Chen was startled. He then picked it off of the ground and placed it near the center of the primal chaos space.

As expected, it continued crawling toward the black soil. When it was at the intersection between the yellow and black soil, it finally stopped.

After that, its body began to shine. This place also had a lot of Yin Yang Immortal Grasses growing. Those were a treasure he had obtained in the lower plane. But in the immortal world, they no longer counted as rare.

The soft shoot glowed. At this moment, the surrounding Yin Yang Immortal Grasses began to wither and then died. Quite a bit of water vapor then appeared around the soft shoot until it formed a small puddle.

“It’s actually creating its own living environment!” Long Chen was amazed. The Devil Eye Water Lily was truly terrifying.

It was said that the Devil Eye Water Lily grew in the crack between the Undying World and the devil world. Now, it actually chose such a place to grow.

Without hesitation, Long Chen planted the water and earth element seeds as well. They also quickly sprouted and glowed. Now, the Yin Yang Immortal Grasses on the border of the black soil had all withered. It was as if these sprouts refused to share their nutrients with other lifeforms.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

A pool of water several feet wide quickly appeared on the border between the black soil and the yellow soil. The three lily sprouts were growing inside.

The water inside was a mix of two colors, forming a Taiji diagram. It slowly flowed. This sight stunned Long Chen.

He hadn’t expected the Devil Eye Water Lily to cause such a phenomenon in the primal chaos space. They created an environment for themselves.

Long Chen threw more dragon corpses into the black soil, and life energy exploded within the primal chaos space. The Wood Foundation Divine Trees quickly grew thicker, but the Devil Eye Water Lily’s growth was still very slow.

Two hours later, finally some green leaves appeared and they floated on top of the surface of the water. They glistened, with mysterious marks innately appearing on them. Then the second layer and third layer of leaves appeared…

In the end, there were nine layers of leaves, and the puddle had been transformed into a thirty-meter pool. Every lily had reached the height of a person.

Finally, Long Chen saw two small flower buds rise out of the water from each lily. Long Chen knew that in the future, one of these buds would become the nine-colored lily flower, and the other would become the seed pod.

Long Chen continued throwing in corpses, only to find that he had used them all up. However, the Devil Eye Water Lilies had only reached this level of growth.

Long Chen was speechless. He didn’t know just how many corpses he would need to make them fully mature. Their growth was truly slow.

However, when he thought about it, the Devil Eye Water Lily that he had encountered had probably been growing there for millions of years or even longer. He should be happy that his had grown to this level.

Without any more corpses, he could only leave things as they were. He was just about to leave the primal chaos space when he suddenly looked at the Wood Foundation Divine Trees and shouted in shock. At some point, they had reached a height of three thousand miles. Flower buds finally appeared on top of them.

“They’re blooming?!” Long Chen went wild with delight. This indicated that they had finally reached maturity. They were going to start bearing fruit.