Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3319 Mo Ke Race

The devil expert’s aura erupted, causing such pressure that it seemed like heaven and earth were being crushed. Black mist surged out of him, resonating with the sky. At that moment, he seemed to become the master of this space.

“Wasn’t it said that the dark world’s lifeforms would be suppressed by the immortal world’s laws if they come? How is his aura so terrifying?!” cried out an Immortal King in horror.

That devil expert’s aura made his soul quiver. That aura alone had far surpassed these Immortal Kings’.

“It seems that they came prepared. That spatial gate is emitting devil qi to temporarily suppress those laws, so he’s able to unleash his full power in that space. Now it’ll be troublesome. The Heavenly Rainbow Flame cannot be allowed to get into the hands of the dark lifeforms. Otherwise, it will bring an apocalyptic calamity upon the human race.”

“Why is no one else from the human race standing up? Is Long Chen supposed to face them alone?”

As some prayed, others were disappointed to see some of the other outstanding human experts hiding. They were gathering as many rainbow hydrangeas as they could without gathering much attention.

At this time, they should all be united, first driving away the dark lifeforms before fighting for the Heavenly Rainbow Flame amongst themselves. Then the Heavenly Rainbow Flame would end up in the human race’s hands.

However, people were all selfish. Seeing how powerful the devil race was, they didn’t want to fight them. They simply silently tried to profit from this disaster.

Thus, when Long Chen came out, not only was there no one to help him, but quite a few of those experts had disdainful expressions toward him.

The void rumbled and that devil expert’s pressure steadily grew. It was as if he had boundless pressure, enough to crush a world.

Long Chen just calmly waited. Although he was just one person, he was fearless. He was like an arrogant god, completely looking down on that devil expert.

“Remember my name, Mo Yan. I am a descendant of the great Mo Ke race, possessing the noblest bloodline of the winged devil race. My ancestors slew countless human experts. As for myself, I have inherited my ancestor’s butcher blade and will continue to slay inferior races like yours!” the devil expert shouted.

Hearing that he came from the Mo Ke race, countless elders were shaken. These Immortal Kings knew of the Mo Ke race’s history. They were infamous devils, a nightmare for the human race. The blood of the human experts that had fallen to their hands was practically enough to fill the entire devil sea.

“Bastard! He’s from the Mo Ke race?! He cannot be allowed to leave alive!” roared one expert. The Mo Ke race’s hands were covered in the blood of the human race. This grudge was so deep it had sunk into their souls.

“So you’re from the winged devil race. What fate,” said Long Chen. He was a bit surprised that this fellow was from the winged devil race.

There truly was destiny between him and the winged devil race. However, Mo Yan’s aura was extremely different from the winged devil race that Long Chen knew. Mo Yan could be considered to be from the royal family of the winged devil race.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“No need to report your name. I can’t be bothered to remember the names of those that I kill,” said Long Chen indifferently, tapping his bone saber against his shoulder.

“Hahaha!” Mo Yan laughed. “Good, I like arrogant people like you. This will make killing you much more interesting. I told you my name not for you to hear, but for all the human race to remember it. It won’t be long before this name becomes your nightmare, the name of the life-ripping fiend of your human race, the one that makes you uneasy to rest in peace, the face you see when you close your eyes, the call of death. You will feel my eyes on your back when you are alone…”

Mo Yan’s voice was like the curse of a blood devil. People turned pale, terrifying scenes appearing in their minds. It was like an invisible hand was clutching their hearts, grabbing their souls. It felt like they were in a nightmare.

Some weaker people covered their ears, but it was too late. They were already lost in an illusion and had to resist with all their power.

Yu Xuan was shuddering. She was also affected, so Qi Yu pressed a hand on her back and smiled comfortingly. “Senior apprentice-sister, don’t worry. With boss here, he can’t make any big waves. This devil sound invading the soul is nothing more than a scare tactic.”

Terror stemmed from the soul. Mo Yan first planted a seed of fear in people’s hearts to make it even easier for him to influence them in the future. This was mental warfare.

With this comfort, Yu Xuan felt much better. Although they had only known each other for over a year, she trusted Qi Yu the most.

Just as Mo Yan was continuing to drone on, unleashing his devil-sound soul art, a hand slapped across his face.

“Are you ever going to be done talking?” Long Chen appeared in front of Mo Yan like a phantom, sending the latter flying with a slap in front of countless shocked gazes. The devil experts behind him couldn’t dodge in time. So, it was unknown just how many of them were blasted into blood mist from being struck by Mo Yan’s body.

After this thunderous slap, Long Chen’s left hand remained in the air and a ripple spread from his palm. That was the sound wave from striking Mo Yan’s face.

This simple slap returned the world to calm. It was completely sudden. An indomitable expert had been sent flying by a slap in the face from Long Chen, so people were shocked out of their fear.

This slap created a bloody path through the devil race’s army. At the end of the path, space shattered like a mirror. Mo Yan barely managed to stabilize himself within that shattered space. The power of that slap seemed to have surpassed everyone’s imagination.

“Are all the techniques of the devil race only capable of scaring others?” sneered Long Chen.

Although his expression was icy, he was rejoicing inside. He had finally found a way to use Heavenly Dao energy without a backlash. He could now support himself with Heavenly Dao energy.

The feeling of being recognized by the Heavenly Daos was truly marvelous. It made him indescribably joyous. This power that practically everyone had except for him was now his to control freely. The power of the Heavenly Daos was now merged with his own power, and it far surpassed his expectations.

An undefeatable will was coming from Long Chen. The current him was unafraid of any expert. Ever since he started cultivating, he had never had such a good feeling.

It was like a sealed dragon had finally broken free. The sensation of freedom, of having nothing binding him, was indescribable.

“Today, I declare that the Heavenly Rainbow Flame will belong to me. Anyone who doesn’t like it can come and try me.”

Long Chen’s divine ring appeared behind him. As it did, the rainbow hydrangeas in the air were suddenly sucked inside the divine ring. All the experts fighting for the rainbow hydrangeas instantly went crazy.