Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3334 Treacherous Bloodkill Hall

This sneaky figure was the Yuhua Palace’s Jiang Weizhong. He wasn’t participating in the battle. Instead, he disguised himself as an ordinary disciple and hid amongst the corpses on the ground, looking for one particular corpse that had just been slain.

That corpse was of a supreme expert from an enemy world. There was a treasure on the corpse that drew his attention.

He had been looking for a while but still hadn’t found it. He then poked his head out of the corpses just in time to see a pair of icy eyes filled with killing intent.

“Long Chen!”

Jiang Weizhong’s soul almost fled his body. Throwing away any thoughts of obtaining the treasure, he fled for his life.

However, just as he moved, a bone saber swung through the air, cutting him in two. Jiang Weizhong screamed. After that, Long Chen ripped off his head.

“Jiang Weizhong, do you know what respect is? You managed to pull your life back from the gates of hell in the Yuhua Palace, but you just had to throw yourself back in by spreading malicious rumors. Since you want to die so badly, I’ll help you out.”

Long Chen swung his left hand through the air, causing a ring of fire to appear. He then tossed Jiang Weizhong’s head inside of it.

“AHHH!”

Jiang Weizhong wailed like a ghost. His soul was ignited, causing him to endure the pain of his soul being roasted.

“In a battle for the human race, rather than fighting, you try to take advantage for your own personal gain. I fought a bloody battle against our enemies, but you called me an underworld ghost seed. Since you don’t want to fight for the human race, you must not be human. Let this soul-incinerating flame be your punishment for betraying the human race.”

Long Chen waved his hand, and four runes lit up on the ring of fire, sealing Jiang Weizhong’s head. He was unable to move and could only scream.

After that, Long Chen ignored him. No one could save him. Anyone who touched that ring of fire would cause Jiang Weizhong to die.

If no one tried to save him, he would have to endure the pain of having his soul burned until he died. Such a despicable person had received his retribution.

Long Chen then joined the battle once more, picking out experts to kill. In order to conserve his power, he didn’t go all-out. His divine ring was fully activated, allowing him to recover.

With Lei Linger and Huo Linger, the three of them were an unstoppable force. Wherever they went, their enemies collapsed.

The battlefield was a complete mess. The human race was fighting the other races crazily, so the earth was littered with all kinds of corpses.

More and more experts were joining from all sides. Clearly, news of what was happening in the Heavenly Flame Domain had spread, and the human race’s experts were rushing over to assist.

In the distance, the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy was still suppressing those hands that had reached out of the spatial gates. The void rumbled and shook, but those hands were unable to cause a calamity.

With the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy present, the Heavenly Rainbow Domain’s experts fought fearlessly, allowing them to unleash their greatest fighting potential.

After fighting and fighting, Long Chen’s expression suddenly changed. With a cold snort, he swung his saber through the air, causing the void to shatter. A figure then appeared out of midair. It was a masked expert.

“Bloodkill Hall!”

Startled cries rang out. That person was actually an Immortal King assassin.

Following that person being exposed, more figures appeared one by one. There were actually dozens of Immortal Kings, and they had chains that surrounded Long Chen.

“Cowards of the Bloodkill Hall, what are you doing?! We are currently fighting the human race’s enemies! Whatever personal enmities you have, settle them after the battle!” shouted an Immortal King.

For the Bloodkill Hall’s experts to target Long Chen at such a time instantly provoked everyone’s anger. But none of these assassins even acknowledged that person’s shout. Their chains began to glow as they murmured something in unison.

Long Chen’s heart suddenly pounded hard. A terrifying pressure caused him to grow extremely uneasy. So, he rushed out, escaping while these chains had yet to fully seal him.

BOOM!

However, the chains flashed and forced him back, causing him to cough up blood.

“A World King’s power!”

Long Chen’s expression changed. These Immortal Kings had come prepared, having set up a heaven-encompassing net.

It was unfortunate that he had fought for so long and run out of power, causing his spiritual perception to be no longer as sharp as his peak condition. He actually fell for such a trap without realizing it.

“Long Chen, just come quietly. Every chain contains faith energy. You cannot break them,” sneered one of the Bloodkill Hall’s Immortal Kings.

Long Chen repeatedly struck the chains to find that this elder was saying the truth. Every chain contained the faith energy of the Bloodkill Hall, which was the divine power of Enpuda. That was the power of a World King.

If Long Chen was in his peak condition, he could unleash Split the Heavens and break them, but he currently didn’t have enough energy to unleash Split the Heavens.

BOOM!

Suddenly, golden light flashed, cutting apart one of the chains. Bai Shishi had come. This faith energy was unable to block the blow of her golden sword.

However, after severing that chain, Bai Shishi received a backlash and was blown back. The backlash struck her organs, causing her to almost cough up blood.

Bai Shishi was shocked and enraged, as well as remorseful. The truth was that she had clearly heard Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan’s conversation, and Long Chen’s confession to Yu Qingxuan had caused her to feel a sharp pain in her heart.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Long Chen had never expressed such warmth to her, let alone pledged his undying love. Furthermore, he even gave Yu Qingxuan the Heavenly Rainbow Flame willingly, so how could Bai Shishi not be angry?

Although Bai Shishi was tough with her words, Long Chen had long since appeared within her heart. It was just that she refused to admit it.

Thus, witnessing that scene made her feel bitter, and yet she also couldn’t say anything about it. So she unleashed her wrath on her enemies, crazily slaughtering them. The result was that she had less than thirty percent of her spiritual yuan now.

As for that last blow with her sword, it only shattered the chain thanks to the sharpness of the golden sword. But she paid an immense price to do so. Furthermore, it also sucked up the last bit of her energy, leaving her powerless to save Long Chen.

She felt so regretful that she wanted to cry. Long Chen had even shouted at her to hold back a bit, but she had refused, using up all her energy to vent. Now that Long Chen needed her, she was powerless.

BOOM!

The chains suddenly became taut, forming a perfect trap around Long Chen. Long Chen’s body quivered. Invisible threads had bound every inch of his body.

Long Chen roared, but no matter how he struggled, he was unable to break free. Instead, the threads merely dug into his body as he struggled, cutting him a million times. Even the golden dragon scales were unable to block them.

“It’s useless. This faith energy is linked to the Killing God. Do you really think that you can contend with the mighty Killing God? You’ve overestimated your power. Those who blaspheme the Killing God all have such an end,” sneered one of the Bloodkill Hall’s experts.

Knowing that she was unable to break any more chains, Bai Shishi chose to attack those Bloodkill experts. But as a result, she was blown back by divine light. Blood leaked out of her mouth.

This was a terrifying formation. These Immortal Kings had activated faith energy at the same time, linking their power. Attacking them was almost no different from attacking a World King.

“No!”

Seeing Long Chen covered in blood as he struggled, Bai Shishi charged back. But with every attack, she was blown back and injured. Even as she hacked up blood, she refused to give up.

“Long Chen, if I can’t save you, I will die together with you.” Bai Shishi wept as she fought. She really was powerless to save him. She had used up her final bit of strength.

Just then, one of the Bloodkill experts recognized that Bai Shishi’s sword was a priceless treasure. He reached out to kill her and take it.

Bai Xiaole and the others attacked crazily, but this was a domain created by the power of a World King. Only Bai Shishi with her golden sword was barely able to enter. The others were completely rejected.

“Bloodkill Hall, you can all die!”

Seeing Bai Shishi was about to lose her life, Long Chen suddenly roared. Three flower petals appeared in one of his eyes. In that instant, the entire world descended into utmost darkness.