Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3335 The Other Power In Long Chen’s Body

The sky darkened as if eternal night had descended. The stars were gone and the clouds could not be seen. There was only darkness, endless darkness.

BOOM!

The chains binding Long Chen exploded. After that, the world returned to its original appearance. Too stunned to even continue fighting, everyone turned to Long Chen.

One of his eyes was closed, but the eye that was open had three flower petals revolving inside of it. It was like the movement of a dark universe.

Long Chen’s aura also changed. It became dark, sinister, and wicked, as if he was a devil god from the depths of hell.

The Bloodkill Hall’s experts were stunned as their chains were destroyed. Those were chains containing an immense amount of faith energy, chains supported by the power of a World King. How could they be broken just like this?

Bai Shishi was just as surprised. The current Long Chen had become icy and foreign. He was like a completely different person.

As the three flower petals spun in Long Chen’s eye, space shuddered. After that, those Immortal Kings cried out in shock and terror as they were sucked into a whirlpool.

The whirlpool seemed to have invisible blades within it. As it spun, those Immortal Kings were torn into pieces.

Most terrifying of all was that people saw their Yuan Spirits. Their Yuan Spirits were also being torn apart. That was the most terrifying torment.

“Their Yuan Spirits are destroyed, not returning to the Heavenly Daos. in other words, they will not enter the cycle of reincarnation after dying… Just what kind of power is this?” exclaimed a shocked elder.

It had to be known that even if a person’s Yuan Spirit crumbled and their soul was extinguished, they would still merge back into the Heavenly Daos to go through the path of reincarnation.

However, these people’s bodies and Yuan Spirits were simply ground apart and vanished into this whirlpool. It was a power that people had never seen or heard of before. 

Most terrifying of all, even their memories of these people grew blurry. It was as if their very existence was being erased from their memories.

Long Chen’s sinister aura continued to climb, and his killing intent was brewing. Having activated the Purgatory Eyes once more, Long Chen was unable to fully control it.

Long Chen raised his bone saber. He swung it through the air, and a black arc shot out.

The giant black arc swept through the battlefield, cutting it in two. It then continued to strike a spatial gate. With a huge explosion, that spatial gate was directly blown apart.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Countless experts were slain by this one move. This attack contained the power of annihilation. Just witnessing it terrified people.

“You are trash, from the beginning until now. You were trash as a child, even when you grew and entered the path of cultivation, and even after you arrived in the immortal world. No matter how many statuses you pick for yourself, you are still trash.”

A sinister voice rang throughout the darkness in Long Chen’s mind. That voice was icy and full of arrogance. It was like a supreme god looking down on him.

“You aren’t Long Chen. I am. Do you see? This is true power. As for your power, it is nothing more than a huge joke.”

A spatial gate had been destroyed, and countless enemy experts were slain. Within the loud and intense rumbling, that voice appeared particularly aloof.

“Such a powerful cultivation technique has been cultivated by you into such garbage. After tiptoeing like a coward around everything, are you still a man?”

The voice was like furious thunder raging in Long Chen’s mind.

Long Chen felt his will falling into oblivion. He suddenly felt tired, so incredibly tired. He needed to sleep.

“Long Chen, wake up!”

Within this daze, a voice rang out in Long Chen’s mind, waking him up. Furthermore, at this time, he found that his saber was pointed toward the heavens, a black-saber image brewing. He was about to unleash Split the Heavens.

Black ripples spread from the nine heavens, covering the world. It seemed that the power of this single attack could destroy an entire world.

Bai Shishi and the others were staring in horror at Long Chen. Just now, when Long Chen raised his saber, it felt like they had fallen into hell. All lifeforms within heaven and earth were locked down by that saber. If that saber fell, not a single person here would survive.

No matter how Bai Shishi and the others had shouted at him, Long Chen didn’t seem to be able to hear them. He was like an entirely different person that was hell-bent on destroying the world.

Long Chen himself was stunned. Just when did he become capable of controlling such terrifying power? Just what had happened?

“Long Chen, you cannot commune with that power. It will devour your mind, turning you into a mindless killer, a puppet that only desires to kill.”

The Heavenly Rainbow Fairy’s voice rang out in his mind. It was she who had woken him up at that critical moment.

As his will recovered, the black energy in the heavens slowly dissipated. Only then did people sigh with relief, but they were soaked in icy sweat. Just now, they had been paralyzed.

The lifeforms of the other worlds were also terrified. When they escaped the lock of that attack, they immediately fled back into their spatial gates, vanishing without a trace.

“Only now do I understand why I am unable to see your future. You possess both the power of creation and destruction. Good and evil are decided by a single thought. Long Chen, there is a problem with you. You are starting to become unable to suppress that sinister energy. If this continues, you will be devoured by it sooner or later. I am only able to wake you up this one time. In the future, you’ll need to rely on yourself.” The Heavenly Rainbow Fairy’s voice rang out in Long Chen’s mind.

Long Chen looked toward her, and his expression completely changed. At some point, while she was suppressing the black hands, blood-colored marks had appeared over her entire body. She seemed to be infected by some evil energy.

Long Chen suddenly had a bad feeling. He instinctively charged toward her.

All of a sudden, the void was torn apart. A giant gaping mouth descended from the nine heavens, a mouth that could devour the sun, moon, and stars. Violent flame energy then erupted within it. It was as if the entire universe would be ignited.

“Yan Xu!”

Long Chen recognized this aura. This was the Yan Xu that had appeared in the battle that the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy had shown him. At that time, the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy had managed to give him a serious wound.

Now it was back, and a million thoughts ran through Long Chen’s mind. He instantly realized that this was all a sinister scheme, Yan Xu’s scheme. Its goal was to devour the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy.

Everyone was terrified once more. That mouth was capable of devouring the entire Heavenly Rainbow Domain. In front of it, they seemed incredibly miniscule.

Long Chen flung a chain around the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy’s waist and pulled with all his power.

Long Chen knew that this mouth was not a real mouth. It was some kind of spatial art being used from a great distance away. As long as he didn’t allow the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy to be devoured, Yan Xu would be helpless to do anything.

However, as those blood-colored marks quivered on her body, she began to involuntarily move toward the mouth. It was unknown if it was due to fighting the black hands for so long, but she appeared incredibly weak at this moment.

Long Chen pulled as hard as he could, but he was actually dragged along with her. He shouted, “Are you all not going to help?!”

Only then did people recover from their shock. Huo Linger transformed into long chains that allowed all the human experts to pull.

Rumbling rang out as the millions and millions of experts in the Heavenly Rainbow Domain pulled with all their might. The Heavenly Rainbow Fairy had fallen into that mouth but was now dragged back.

Just as everyone was cheering as they pulled, they heard a huge explosion. After that, the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy’s body crumbled, transforming into flame runes.

“No!” Countless people let out heart-rending cries when they saw that scene.