Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3343 Who Do You Think You Are Talking To?

Bai Zhantang praised Long Chen, and Long Chen also praised Bai Zhantang. But Long Chen’s praise was rather inappropriate.

“Long Chen, you are the first to dare to talk like that to the deputy palace master,” said one of the elders with a smile.

Bai Xiaole irritably said, “This doesn’t count for anything. Boss has even beaten-”

Bai Zhantang hastily interrupted him, “Cough, now isn’t the time to chat. Old Yue, hurry and activate the formation. We need to stabilize the spatial channel and fully connect the foundation stone with the headquarters. We have to prepare everything before Lord Brahma senses it.”

These people were all his subordinates, so he definitely didn’t want Bai Xiaole to announce that Long Chen had beaten his head before. He immediately gave out orders to get to work.

Long Chen was startled. These people weren’t from the academy. They were from the Battle God Palace!

Furthermore, this was Long Chen’s first time hearing that Bai Zhantang wasn’t the palace master of the Battle God Palace but the deputy palace master. Then there had to be an even more terrifying palace master above him.

Bai Zhantang’s aura was finally revealed today. The aura of an Immortal King filled the air. With this immense pressure, combined with the merger of his qi and the Dao, Long Chen estimated that he was an Earth tier Immortal King, or perhaps even a Heaven tier Immortal King.

If he was just the deputy palace master, then wasn’t the actual master possibly an existence on the level of a World King? The High Firmament Academy had hidden itself a bit too deeply, no?

These thirty-six Immortal Kings immediately got to work. They took out some ancient stone pillars covered in runes and inserted them around the foundation stone. As a result, the barrier in the air strengthened.

The black qi covering the sky had been expelled. Although their surroundings were still in ruins, with the help of the rainbow cranes, vitality had been restored to this land. It was like the coming of spring, full of hope for the future.

Seeing everyone get to work, Long Chen also ran over. He grabbed the dragon corpses that had been crushed into masses of pulp.

However, Long Chen didn’t mind. He directly tossed those pieces of pulp into the primal chaos space’s black soil.

Bai Shishi, Bai Xiaole, Qin Feng, Qi Yu, and Xu Zixiong came over to help as well. Of course, they weren’t after the broken flesh. They simply took out the cores first.

Over ten thousand black dragons had thrown themselves at the barrier. Long Chen wasn’t picky. He even tossed the blood water and muddy earth into the primal chaos space.

The battlefield was quickly cleaned up. Long Chen had even stripped off a layer from the earth, leaving it fresh and clean. There wasn’t the slightest speck of blood remaining.

While Long Chen finished cleaning up, the Immortal Kings also finished setting up thirty-six thousand stone pillars, placing them in various locations around the foundation stone.

As they were inserted into the ground, the giant hole slowly rose out of the ground until it was a formation of protruding platforms. There seemed to be a marvelous connection between the platforms.

“This is the original landform of the seventh branch academy. Now that it’s been restored, the High Firmament Academy will finally soar once more.” Bai Zhantang looked at this new scenery emotionally.

“Tens of millions of years of patience. The dream of countless seniors of the academy has finally been realized. Long Chen, you have done something huge for the academy.” Bai Shishi’s mother was also emotional. She looked at Long Chen with praise. This impossible mission had been accomplished by Long Chen.

The High Firmament Academy was under the surveillance of Lord Brahma, so countless powers were keeping an eye on every single one of their moves. Anything that they did would draw the attention of their enemies.

The academy had given this mission to Long Chen as they had no other choice. If the academy had revealed their intention ahead of time, they would have to deal with the interference of countless experts. But the deadlock that the academy had been in for years was broken by Long Chen. This one move from Long Chen could definitely enter the annals of great contributions of the academy.

Bai Shishi and her mother had already talked, so the latter was now aware of everything that had happened. Long Chen possessed both daring and the wits to accomplish what he dared to do. He avoided other people’s eyes, mixing what was false and true, pretending to go east while going west. It could be said that he had gone far and above everyone’s expectations.

However, in the end, this mission was only accomplished at great risk to all their lives. Any mishap in the middle would have caused them to be buried here.

“We mainly depended on your unmarried daughter’s precious sword,” said Long Chen teasingly. This was the truth. If Bai Shishi had not cut off the Devil Eye Water Lily’s seed pod, they definitely would have lost their lives.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Bai Shishi glared at him but didn’t say anything. Bai Xiaole grumbled, “I also contributed.”

“That’s true. Xiaole did outstanding this time. He is capable of standing on his own feet now,” said Long Chen with a smile. He very much approved of Bai Xiaole’s growth. 

From the Xiaole that didn’t have any combat experience at all, in just a few months, he had progressed to the point of being able to face powerful enemies without any unsteadiness. That was already very impressive.

After all, this was a child whose mental state was not as steady. There was no way Long Chen could judge him according to the standards of the Dragonblood warriors.

“Xiaole and Zixiong have both made great improvements. It can be said that our success this time was mostly thanks to luck, but the rest was thanks to everyone’s efforts.”

Long Chen couldn’t possibly just praise Bai Xiaole. Although Xu Zixiong was rather foolish and had an inferiority complex, in truth, it was just because he had always been comparing himself to Qi Yu and Qin Feng. Of course, he couldn’t compare to them, so Long Chen had to take his feelings into account as well.

As expected, Xu Zixiong smiled when he heard this. Qin Feng patted him on the shoulder as encouragement. In truth, Xu Zixiong was already very outstanding. He simply was unaware of it while comparing himself to them.

“I’ve troubled you to keep Xiaole by your side.” Bai Xiaole’s mother looked at Long Chen gratefully. The more she examined the current Bai Xiaole, the more delighted she grew.

Long Chen’s arrival had completely cured Bai Xiaole’s illness. Moreover, in just a few short months, Long Chen had raised Bai Xiaole into a true warrior. As his mother, she could finally be at ease and proud of him.

“It’s definitely much better than being under certain people,” said Bai Shishi indifferently.

Long Chen almost laughed. This was clearly a jab at Bai Zhantang. Long Chen looked at him and saw that his expression was no longer very natural. Bai Shishi’s mother and Bai Xiaole’s mother covered their smiles.

Bai Zhantang’s expression was odd, but he had no choice but to admit that this was reality. Before Long Chen came, he had been powerless to treat Bai Xiaole’s illness.

But in just a few months with Long Chen, his son had been completely transformed. Although that didn’t prove that Long Chen was stronger than him, it had to be said that Long Chen had more skill in certain areas than him.

Bai Zhantang, who was attacked by his own daughter, was helpless. He only looked at Long Chen and nodded. “Little fellow, I admit that you are very outstanding. I-”

Long Chen's expression suddenly stiffened. He then straightened his back, clasping his hands behind him and putting on a dissatisfied look. He coldly said, “Who do you think you are talking to? Do you know what respect is? I am to be called dean Long Chen, understood?”

“You…!” Bai Zhantang raged.

That appearance caused even Bai Shishi to laugh. As for Bai Zhantang’s wives, they couldn’t even stand up straight from how hard they were laughing. A peal of tinkling laughter rang out in the air.