Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3344 Guests Pay a Visit

The seventh branch academy had been reclaimed, and the grand formation was set up once more. When the transportation formation was activated, countless experts of the High Firmament Academy came.

They immediately set to work on rebuilding the seventh branch academy. Millions of craftsmen got to work.

Long Chen found that with every building they completed, the formation strengthened a bit. Furthermore, all the buildings were built according to a set arrangement. It was just like the old seventh branch academy.

These craftsmen worked as fast as they could. The materials had long since been prepared, so they set things up like they were setting up toy blocks. One building after another was built.

Once these buildings were completed, they glowed with divine light as if they were alive. They possessed a marvelous magicalness about them that Long Chen couldn’t see through.

In just a few short hours, one hundred and eight buildings were completed. Once they were done, divine light flowed throughout the entire branch academy. From the air, it appeared to be a strange formation diagram like a dragon’s spine.

With its completion, the surrounding land thrummed with vitality. The violent spiritual qi of this domain grew gentle. The Vile Dragon Domain was originally not suited to human cultivation but had silently been transformed into a perfect place for it.

At the same time, Long Chen felt an ancient and heavy aura exude from every inch of the branch academy. These newly built buildings couldn’t possibly possess such an aura, so this aura must come from the main academy. Its karmic luck was shared with the seventh branch academy.

Once the one hundred and eight buildings were built, the seventh branch academy was completely revitalized. When an auspicious qi rose out of it, Bai Zhantang finally relaxed. 

“Finally, success. Even if Lord Brahma comes now, there’s no need to fear.”

Bai Shishi’s mother and Bai Xiaole’s mother stood beside Bai Zhantang. They all looked as if they were relieved from a heavy weight. Although they appeared relaxed when they arrived, their nerves were actually tense. They had been ready to fight an immense battle.

However, Long Chen’s acting was so great that Lord Brahma had been tricked. Lord Brahma’s subordinates had strengthened the defenses at the other branch academy’s ruins. It was only this place that was left guarded by the Undying race. But Long Chen managed to take back control over it.

Now that everything was set up, the branch academy was solidly connected to the headquarters. The main academy’s experts could move between the two freely, so they were no longer afraid of an attack.

With the formation complete, they were finally confident in holding this land. After that, Bai Xiaole urgently pulled his mother over to Vile Dragon Valley.

As a result, the vile dragons inside all fell under his control, and he grabbed tens of thousands of dragon eggs. However, to properly manage millions of dragons was definitely a troublesome matter.

Some of these vile dragons had matured, and some hadn’t. The matured ones were equivalent to a Mortal tier Immortal King. This level of power was meaningless to Long Chen.

To use the words of Bai Shishi’s mother, Long Chen was the dean, and all the wealth of the seventh branch academy was his to control.

In the seventh branch academy, whatever Long Chen said was what counted. He could do whatever he wanted.

Furthermore, recruiting disciples, deciding tuition fees, and all the various cash flows would be up to him to decide. As long as it didn’t cross the High Firmament Academy’s rules, it could be said that Long Chen was the overlord of this place.

When Long Chen scolded Bai Zhantang, his wives laughed because here, Long Chen was dean. Even if Bai Zhantang came from the Battle God Palace, he still technically had to listen to Long Chen here.

However, Bai Zhantang wasn’t so obedient. He refused to call Long Chen dean, but he also didn’t call him little fellow anymore.

Of course, Long Chen didn’t have the energy to oversee the branch academy. He simply invited people from the main academy to oversee things. However, their salaries were up to him to pay. After all, no matter how high a person’s status was, it was closely related to incentives.

For Long Chen to suddenly gain control over such a large existence, he definitely didn’t have the power to oversee it. At that very moment, he announced Bai Shishi to be his deputy dean.

As a result, Bai Shishi merely glared at him. How could she have the time to oversee these things? Furthermore, her character also wasn’t suited for such a position.

On the other hand, Bai Xiaole wasn’t afraid of that position. He directly asked for the position of deputy dean. With Bai Shishi’s rejection, Long Chen really did give this position to him. With this fellow becoming the deputy dean, would the heavens be flipped in the future?

Feeling helpless, Long Chen could only invite some people from the head academy to help him oversee his branch. Long Chen specifically named the wise elders he knew such as Heaven Master Yun Yang and Heaven Master Dong Ming.

He also called over the disciples from the Luo Gate and the Unfettered Alliance. They were the first generation disciples of the seventh branch academy.

As for Bai Shishi, despite not wanting to be deputy dean, she pulled over the disciples of her Heaven Female Alliance here, continuing to be its master.

Long Chen bitterly smiled. Even he had to be afraid of the consequences when it came to her. How was he supposed to play around like this?

In any case, he had never cared too much about his status as dean. He left the trifles to Heaven Master Yun Yang and the others so that he could be an absent leader.

The Heaven Female Alliance, Luo Gate, and Unfettered Disciple’s disciples were delighted to come to the seventh branch academy.

Long Chen was truly extravagant. As the seventh branch academy’s first generation disciples, every single one of them was given a dragon egg. Those disciples felt like they were dreaming.

As for Mu Qingyun, Luo Bing, Luo Ning, Zhong Ling, Zhong Xiu, and the others, they each obtained a mature vile dragon as a steed.

The dragons were under the control of Bai Xiaole’s mother. After placing a slave seal, they could be directly controlled. Sitting atop those giant dragons, these disciples felt like they might pass out from this blessing.

However, Bai Xiaole’s mother also said that while she would help them control these few dragons for free, if they wanted her to subdue more of them or do other work, she would have to charge a fee. This was one of the rules of the academy. Money was money, favors were favors. They couldn’t be mixed.

Long Chen was fine with that. He ordered people to send the leftover dragons to the head academy in exchange for a huge amount of cultivation resources. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

After all, the seventh branch academy needed resources. Although the building fees came from the main academy, everything else would be up to Long Chen to get.

Furthermore, Bai Zhantang and the others would only stand guard over this place for a few days before returning to the main academy. They had more important things to do.

Long Chen took advantage of this time to arrange everything. If the seventh branch academy was in danger, the main academy would immediately assist. But if the buildings were destroyed, as well as the cost of maintaining the formation, everything would have to come out of Long Chen’s pocket.

If Long Chen was unable to maintain that cost one day, the headquarters had the right to strip him of his position as dean.

That wasn’t something that Long Chen was worried about. Wasn’t it just money? He might not have anything else, but he had plenty of money.

The reason he had such confidence was because he had gathered so many dragon corpses, packing the black soil. A huge amount of life energy caused the Wood Foundation Divine Trees to grow larger. At the same time, they began to bear fruit. The Wood Foundation Divine Fruit started to mature.

Just as Long Chen was busy dealing with all these affairs, guests came to pay their respects to him.