Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3351 Seventh Heavenstage of Four Peak

At this moment, rumbling rang out as Long Chen fought eight golden figures at once. His fists danced. There were eight Spirit tier Immortal King combatants projected by a formation.

This formation was one of the training grounds of the seventh branch academy. It was capable of summoning powerful projections for people to train with.

As for these combatants, they were condensed by the formation and were based on real people. They were like copies, a bit similar to the Heavenly Daos copying ancient heavenly geniuses and projecting them during the tribulation.

The High Firmament Academy’s foundation was truly profound. In order to raise its disciples, there were some particularly fierce training grounds.

This particular formation was able to replicate the battle wills and techniques of countless experts. Those experts were some of the strongest enemies slain throughout the High Firmament Academy’s history.

There were humans, as well as other races: beasts, devils, and fiends. You could choose your opponent based on cultivation base, combat power, and other attributes.

However, this training ground was something that was almost never activated in the main academy because activating it cost a terrifying amount of resources.

Long Chen had summoned Spirit tier Immortal Kings to spar against him, and that had required him to use immortal king spiritual crystals. These crystals contained King Qi, something that Immortal Kings required to cultivate.

The ordinary spiritual qi of the immortal world was not enough for Immortal Kings, so they had to rely on immortal king spiritual crystals to cultivate.

The value of such a thing was equivalent to one billion ordinary immortal crystals. Furthermore, they were incredibly rare objects, treasures nourished by heaven and earth. There was nothing that could replace them.

Long Chen had summoned eight lifeforms of other worlds at once, using up eight immortal king spiritual crystals. An ordinary Immortal King would be pained to death by that price.

However, Long Chen didn’t mind. As long as it could increase his combat power, he wasn’t aggrieved about the price at all. His fists danced against those eight lifeforms.

Those lifeforms had strange techniques and countless divine abilities. They launched one killing blow after another. At this moment, the seventh branch academy’s disciples were watching, and they had cold sweat running down their backs just from observing this fight.

In order to not waste this chance, Long Chen had summoned these disciples so that they could gain some experience against foreign experts.

These lifeforms were much stronger than the human race’s Spirit tier Immortal Kings. Those that were recorded within this formation were all top experts at their level. Every single one of them had their own killing blows as well.

Long Chen was already soaked in blood from fighting them for so long. He was surrounded by danger, and yet he continued to fight with only his fists.

The disciples’ hearts clenched every time they saw him narrowly avoid danger from their attacks. This was incredibly dangerous.

“Boss, time is almost up!” shouted Qin Feng. He was counting the time for Long Chen. These summoned experts could only stay for at most an incense stick’s worth of time. After that, the energy within the immortal king spiritual crystals would be exhausted.

BOOM!

With that reminder, Long Chen’s aura suddenly erupted like a volcano. With a single punch, one of those lifeforms was blasted apart.

Using just punches, Long Chen killed these experts. The final expert pierced Long Chen’s chest with its sword just before its death.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Just then, the eight immortal king spiritual crystals embedded in the wall fell to the ground and shattered. These crystals that even King items could barely damage were gone.

Suddenly, an explosive sound came from within Long Chen’s body. A qi wave then spread in every direction.

Qin Feng had long since been prepared, and he activated the formation, sealing Long Chen’s aura inside so that it could not harm the surrounding people.

Long Chen’s aura was tumultuous. It battered the barrier like millions of blades.

“In just one month, boss advanced from the fourth Heavenstage to the seventh Heavenstage, rising from the mid stage to the late stage. This cultivation speed is incomparable.” Qi Yu looked at Long Chen’s aura and sighed.

Right now, Long Chen was in the same realm as them. That meant that his power was even more terrifying.

Every Heavenstage in the Four Peak realm led to major changes, and Long Chen’s aura could only be described as terrifying.

Long Chen had spent a month fighting powerful experts here and used up hundreds of immortal king spiritual crystals. Each time, he fought different races and pushed himself to the border of life and death. This was to stimulate his potential and raise the effect of the Peakless Pills.

It came at a shocking price, but his gains were also shocking. He advanced three Heavenstages in one month. It seemed that ever since he had set foot into the cultivation world, he had never experienced such a speed.

Thanks to the endless supply of resources, Qi Yu, Qin Feng, and Xu Zixiong had also reached the seventh Heavenstage half a month ago. Now Long Chen had caught up.

In the same vein, with so many resources, Mu Qingyun, Luo Bing, Luo Xue, and the others also advanced quickly. All of their cultivation speeds were shocking.

But the most shocking ones were Bai Xiaole and Bai Shishi. Despite no one ever seeing Bai Xiaole cultivate, he had advanced to the eighth Heavenstage just three days ago. That easy manner of his was enough to enrage people.

As for Bai Shishi, she had reached the ninth Heavenstage seven days ago. That was also the result of her holding back for fear of advancing too quickly and shaking her foundation.

The energy within the metal lily seed that Long Chen had given her was incredibly pure. She didn’t even need to refine it. Just by absorbing that energy, her cultivation base crazily grew.

If it wasn’t for fear of her foundation growing unsteady, she could even attempt to break through to the Divine Lord realm. She had stepped out of seclusion the past few days. With nothing else to do, she watched Long Chen train, gaining insights from his combat experience.

Although her metal energy was terrifying, her combat experience couldn’t compare to Long Chen’s. She could learn many things from him.

It wasn’t just Bai Shishi. Everyone was trying to learn from Long Chen. Just watching these battles under their terrifying pressures was silently honing their wills, allowing them to maintain clear minds even in the face of death.

Some of the more talented people were able to gain even more from watching him fight. They digested Long Chen’s experiences and applied them to themselves. This was also one of Long Chen’s goals in having them watch.

“Congratulations, boss!”

Qi Yu passed a towel and a new set of robes to Long Chen. Long Chen normally only wore ordinary robes. Only when he was out for important occasions would he wear the clothes that Meng Qi and the others had made for him.

Long Chen used the towel to wipe off the blood and sweat. He then put on new robes and appeared completely refreshed. However, he shook his head and sighed. “There’s nothing to congratulate me for. After this advancement, I feel that this trial is already useless to me.”

Spirit tier Immortal Kings were no longer able to threaten him, so he didn’t feel any danger anymore against them. Even if there were more of them, it would be a waste of time.

If he spent a hundred immortal king spirit crystals, the formation could summon an Earth tier Immortal King. But an Earth tier Immortal King might kill him in one blow.

It had to be known that this trial summoned the strongest and most terrifying experts of their tier. Luo Changwu had just advanced to the Earth tier, but his aura had still injured Long Chen back then. That was enough to show Long Chen the gap between them.

So, considering that the formation would summon elites amongst elites, Long Chen definitely didn’t want to mess around with them.

Thus, for now, this training was useless for him. He had to think of something else.

He then went to the academy’s palace. The various Elders were usually here. When Long Chen appeared, Heaven Master Yun Yang said, “Dean, you told us to keep an eye on any movements throughout the various domains. Lately, there have been some unfavorable affairs going on.”