Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3361 Chaotic Flow of Space

“Long Chen!”

Seeing Long Chen be devoured by the collapsed spatial channel, Bai Shishi’s heart felt empty. The weariness of severely overdrafting her power suddenly hit her, and she swayed. Seeing this, Bai Xiaole hastily supported his big sister.

“What can we do?” asked Bai Xiaole, looking at Qin Feng.

“Boss should be alright. We have to return first. With the sect-maintaining divine stone, we don’t have to be afraid of anyone.”

Long Chen had entrusted the divine stone to Qin Feng and told him how to use it. Even a Heaven tier Immortal King could be slain with it, which was why Long Chen dared to bring them here despite knowing that it was a trap.

The world had returned to normal. The channel was gone, as was the barrier. Having no idea where Long Chen had gone, they could only return to the academy and report things to the main academy.

However, with Qin Feng and Qi Yu’s understanding of Long Chen, they didn’t believe that the spatial channel’s destruction would kill Long Chen. The most likely possibility was that he was brought somewhere else between this place and where Enpuda had tried to bring him.

…

Within the darkness, endless fragments were flying. Long Chen was sucked into the chaotic flow of space. Luckily, this wasn’t Long Chen’s first time falling into the chaotic flow of space.

Now, he had the Demon Moon Furnace above him, and he used his bone saber to knock away spatial blades. He could only rely on his sense of danger for this, as these spatial blades were invisible.

They were like rocks within a turbulent current, possessing immense power. After blocking dozens of those spatial blades, there was a rice-sized nick in the saber.

This bone saber was incomparably tough and shockingly sharp. It was able to clash directly with King items. But it was still damaged by these spatial blades.

As for the Demon Moon Furnace, it was helping Long Chen block the majority of the attacks. However, Long Chen could clearly sense Ling-er’s energy being rapidly depleted. If this continued, it wouldn’t be long before he was crushed by this chaotic flow.

He couldn’t see the slightest light nor a glimmer of hope within this endless darkness. It was like he had fallen into an endless cycle of death.

However, for some reason, even within this darkness, he didn’t feel much panic. Instead, he felt a particularly peaceful feeling. It was like this darkness gave him a sense of safety.

All of a sudden, Long Chen closed his right eye and slowly opened his left eye. He activated the Purgatory Eyes.

The severely wounded eye that was still red and bloody was actually refreshed. Within this darkness, he felt a soothing cool feeling settle over his eye. After that, it began to automatically heal. It was very comfortable.

Furthermore, the dark world gradually grew clear. He started to see many runes swirling around.

These runes formed an endless sea, and he saw translucent crescent blades swirling around this sea. Those were the spatial blades.

Long Chen suddenly saw a giant spatial blade coming toward him, and his hair stood on end. The previous spatial blades were only a few feet long. But this one was hundreds of meters long. It seemed that it was coming right for Long Chen, so he hastily dodged to the side.

The spatial blade whirled right past Long Chen. It wasn’t particularly fast, but it possessed unstoppable power. A powerful suction force almost dragged Long Chen in.

“That thing could probably kill World Kings, no?” Long Chen felt a chill. That kind of power was beyond his comprehension.

Most terrifying of all, it came silently and without any warning. If it hadn’t been for the Purgatory Eyes, perhaps he would only be able to sense it right when it was about to strike him. If the slightest bit of it were to touch him, then even if he had ten thousand lives, they would all be lost here.

He then looked around. The Purgatory Eyes were able to see far and wide. He even saw spatial blades that were thousands of miles long slowly spinning. When he saw those, he almost jumped out of his skin.

This was the chaotic flow of space, the place that separated the major worlds. It was no wonder that even World Kings would be crushed if they were sucked inside here.

Now that he was here, he truly experienced just how terrifying the chaotic flow of space was. This was a world of death. It was only thanks to the Purgatory Eyes that he no longer needed to directly block the spatial blades.

“The main thing is, how do I get out?”

Long Chen was vexed. The chaotic flow of space could be considered its own world. It was endless. Was he going to be stuck here forever?

Long Chen’s Purgatory Eyes gradually recovered. As Long Chen was dragged along by the wild currents, he dodged the larger spatial blades. He was safe for now.

However, he didn’t know where this current was bringing him, nor did he know how to get out. All he could do was keep an eye on the surroundings.

BOOM!

After an unknown amount of time, a giant vortex appeared not too far from him, and the chaotic flow of space exploded. From that collapsed space, he saw two huge monsters. They were spitting out divine light from their mouths, piercing the void.

Feeling delighted, Long Chen charged in that direction. In a clash between experts, the barrier between worlds could be broken. That was the best chance to escape the chaotic flow of space.

A huge hole had been blasted into space, so Long Chen was charging toward it. He saw what was on the other side.

Just as he was getting close to the giant hole and preparing to flee before it closed, he suddenly paused.

He saw countless mountain-sized figures devouring the starry sky. The stars were exploding one by one. Even within the chaotic flow of space, he could sense that incomparable power.

“What is this?!”

Long Chen was horrified. These monsters were devouring an entire star-field. Furthermore, there were specks of light appearing from the depths of the star-field. Long Chen could then vaguely see some humanoid lifeforms appear.

However, the hole he was looking through seemed to be at the heart of that pack of monsters. If he went out, he would be directly crushed by those terrifying shockwaves.

Hence, he could only watch as the hole slowly closed. His heart pounded. He had never seen anything so terrifying. Just what level had those monsters reached?

Seeing an opportunity slip by because he didn’t dare to grasp it vexed Long Chen. But there was no way around it. If he went out in that kind of situation, he would definitely die.

At the same time as he was vexed, he gained an understanding of what was called terrifying power. He still knew too little about the nine heavens and ten lands. Originally, he had thought that he was already quite strong. But when he saw those stars being crushed, that newfound confidence shattered.

The shattered void then healed, causing the chaotic flow of space to return to its normal appearance. In this place, time seemed to stretch on eternally. The calmness was rather frightening.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Long Chen patiently waited. He couldn’t sense the flow of time here. Eventually, at some point, his Purgatory Eyes were fully healed.

BOOM!

Suddenly, space shuddered and exploded, startling Long Chen. Before he could even get a look, a powerful suction force dragged him out of the chaotic flow of space.