Chapter 3370 Confidence in One’s Backing

Following that ear-piercing alarm, all the experts inside the city entered a combat-ready state.

Leng Yueyan once more activated the formation to its maximum power. It was only thanks to the formation that they could fight a Heaven tier Nether King.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

However, last time, Leng Yueyan’s battle with Tuo Ming had ended up using quite a bit of the formation’s power, and Ming Cangyue had also borrowed part of the formation’s power in her breakthrough. So, the formation had yet to fully recover.

Watching as countless experts poured out of the spatial gate, Long Chen quickly saw Tuo Ming’s figure.

He was still encased in red armor, leaving only his eyes exposed. It was very easy to recognize him.

There was a horned lifeform beside him, one that was just as muscular as him. Also, that lifeform had two huge hatchets on his back.

That lifeform emitted an overwhelming Blood Qi, his pressure astonishing. He was also a Heaven tier Nether King, most likely the overlord of a region just like Tuo Ming.

Their subordinates poured out along with the two of them. Based on the colors of their armor, it could be seen that Tuo Ming’s subordinates only occupied twenty percent of their joint army. The rest belonged to that other faction.

While observing this army of millions and millions, Long Chen suddenly had a thought. He then checked the primal chaos space. Only now did he realize that the Heavenly Dao Tree that had been plucked clean was once more filled with new fruits.

Long Chen felt a wave of excitement. It seemed that the Heavenly Dao Tree could also work on the Netherworld’s lifeforms. Long Chen then saw ten Earth tier Heavenly Dao Fruit that had fully matured. He knew that they were from Tuo Ming’s six Earth tier Nether King subordinates, as well as the four Earth tier Immortal Kings of the Nine Underworld Hall. Long Chen had killed them with the sect-maintaining divine stone in the Heavenly Rainbow Domain.

That wasn’t all. The nine fruit at the very top had also grown a bit. Their runes were more concentrated, and their auras were stronger. The aura of the Heaven tier was clearer now.

It seemed that the Heavenly Dao Tree could only bear 9999 fruit at once. That was its limit. No matter how many Primals that Long Chen killed, their number would not increase beyond that. However, it would continue to absorb energy. Once the number reached its limit, the quality would increase.

If he only killed ordinary Primals or Mortal tier Immortal Kings, the Heavenly Dao Tree would produce the most ordinary Heavenly Dao Fruit that could only produce Mortal tier Immortal Kings. However, as he killed more and the tree absorbed more energy, the Heavenly Dao Fruit would grow stronger, producing Spirit tier, Earth tier, and Heaven tier fruits.

If he directly killed an Earth tier Immortal King, he would instantly obtain an Earth tier Heavenly Dao Fruit. The Heavenly Dao Tree could hold 9000 Mortal tier fruit, 900 Spirit tier fruit, 90 Earth tier fruit, and 9 Heaven tier fruit.

Now that the 9000 Mortal tier fruit and 900 Spirit tier fruit had all matured, it was the Earth tier fruit’s turn. Looking very closely, Long Chen found that other than the ten mature Earth tier fruit, several others were also on the verge of full maturity.

Previously, Long Chen had needed to use over ten non-mature Earth tier fruit to let Luo Changwu become an Earth tier Immortal King. But now, one fully matured fruit would do the job.

Based on Long Chen’s reckoning, once the Mortal, Spirit, and Earth tier fruit were fully mature, all the energy that the Heavenly Dao Tree absorbed would go to the Heaven tier fruit, speeding up their maturity.

Such a fruit could directly produce a Heaven tier Immortal King. Just how heaven-defying was that? Seeing this endless army, Long Chen’s eyes turned blue with greed. Those weren’t enemies; they were fresh Heavenly Dao Fruits!

Their full army was finally out and began to approach the city. Just their number of Divine Lords was already ten times that of Leng Yueyan’s side.

The previous battle against Tuo Ming had cost Leng Yueyan many of her experts, so there was a huge power disparity between the two sides now.

If Tuo Ming’s army had not been conned and wiped out by Long Chen, then even he wouldn’t have been able to change the course of the battle. In the end, the city would have been destroyed.

Normally, those Earth tier Nether Kings wouldn’t allow someone to store up enough energy and unleash such an attack in battle. And without a full-power World Extermination Flame Lotus, Long Chen wouldn’t have been able to do anything. He wouldn’t have been able to wipe them out without their cooperation.

One thing was for sure, Tuo Ming wouldn’t let the same thing happen this time. He wouldn’t give Long Chen a chance to unleash that attack again.

“Leng Yueyan, Ming Cangyue, hand over the divine core. Otherwise, I’ll destroy your city, kill your people, and make you die miserable deaths!” announced Tuo Ming at the front of the army, just outside the formation’s attack range.

The auras of his experts fully erupted and a shocking pressure rose. They were ready to assault the city at any moment

That divine core was the key to controlling the laws of this region. With it, they would become the master of this region and receive the recognition of the Heavenly Daos.

By becoming the master of a region, they gained the recognition of the Netherworld. So, only by controlling the divine core were you able to farm a region and gain all the benefits.

“Let’s not say such big words when we’re trying to have a proper conversation. To use big words in front of Boss Long San, take care not to lose your tongue. You can be arrogant, but you can’t be more arrogant than me. Otherwise, I’ll make you regret your words.” Long Chen stood at the peak of the castle with Leng Yueyan and Ming Cangyue behind him.

“You damn bastard, you ruined things for me. Now, you’ll make me regret it? Do you know what kind of torture you’ll face if you fall into my hands?!” roared Tuo Ming.

Success was right before him. With another Heaven tier Immortal King by his side, he considered things over. But an ant was actually driving him crazy with rage.

Upon leaving the last time, he immediately looked for helpers. He then found one and decided to split the benefits of defeating Leng Yueyan forty-sixty. Furthermore, he was the forty.

That was because a large portion of his troops had been wiped out. Since his companion was putting in more, he had no choice but to give the former more. How could he not be infuriated? Upon seeing Long Chen, he wanted to simply crush him.

“Torture? Are you making me laugh? What qualifications do you have to torture me? Let me tell you the truth. This castle definitely can’t be defended. But do you think that I will give this piece of meat to you? You’re too naive. What do you think we spent the past two days here for? I’ll tell you the truth. As soon as you attack, the castle will explode, detonating the power of the divine core. After that, this region will once more become masterless, and the disturbance will draw over countless powers. I’m sure you’ve decided how to split things amongst yourselves, but I don’t believe the two of you will become the final masters of this region. Furthermore, we’ve long since made preparations to leave. We’ll directly leave without you being able to even touch us. Who knows? Maybe your forces will be devoured by the explosion, and others will come to reap the benefits.” Long Chen laughed sinisterly. He held up a small sphere of light. That was the divine core, which possessed endless power.

Tuo Ming and the expert beside him were stunned. The reason why Tuo Ming was in such a rush to attack this place was precisely because he wanted to settle things before other powers were alerted. If others were to interfere, it wouldn’t belong to him in the end. He had to capture it before others noticed it.

Furthermore, his thoughts were instantly read by Long Chen. Long Chen seemed ready to leave them with nothing for either side.

“Hmph, who are you trying to scare? Even if you detonate the divine core, we have a method to quickly condense a new one. We’ll take control of this place before others arrive,” snorted the expert beside Tuo Ming.

His words were tough, but that was merely a front. He didn’t want Long Chen to see that they were scared.

Long Chen sneered, “I already told you not to say any big words. I know exactly how much power you two have. If you were really that strong, you wouldn’t be in such a rush to attack us. Why don’t we simply gamble instead? If you win, we will obediently offer you the divine core with both hands. How is that?”