Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3395 Heavenly Geniuses Gather

Through a detailed explanation, Long Chen learned that this time, the Auspicious Cloud Domain had gathered all the experts in the Integral Heaven Star-Field that were at the peak of the Four Peak realm.

Many Four Peak experts that could have long since broken through to the Divine Lord realm had actually sealed their cultivation bases just to wait for the Divine Lord Immortal Realm to open.

The Divine Lord Immortal Realm was a sacred land created jointly by the forces of the entire Integral Heaven Star-Field.

This immortal realm was controlled by the Sacred Pill Hall and was opened every ten years. It was said that the Divine Lord Immortal Realm drew in energy from eight different worlds. Every ten years, the immortal spiritual qi inside reached a peak, and advancing to the Divine Lord realm inside was far easier, with an almost one hundred percent success rate.

For the human race, they normally advanced with over a ninety percent success rate. But amongst demonic beasts, only sixty percent would succeed in advancing. Of ten demonic beasts, around four would die to their tribulation.

Demonic beasts possessed terrifyingly powerful physical bodies, but at the same time, their heavenly tribulations were exceptionally terrifying as well. Thus, this Divine Lord Immortal Realm was a sacred place for the demonic beast race.

As for humans, advancing there could allow their realm to be more stable, and their Four Peak power would once more rise. It was a huge opportunity.

Naturally, countless people would prepare for this opportunity when the immortal realm was about to be opened. Some people who had missed the last opening of the realm would be willing to even wait a full ten years.

The Divine Lord Immortal Realm was very famous in the Integral Heaven Star-Field. Every time it was opened, quite a few experts from other star-fields would be drawn over.

However, if those experts wanted to participate in the opening of this immortal realm, they had to receive a tablet from the Sacred Pill Hall and make a contractual agreement to stay within the Integral Heaven Star-Field for a thousand years, or sire at least ten children before leaving.

It was this condition that resulted in there being particularly many races within the Integral Heaven Star-Field. However, some of the more powerful demonic beast races had very strict requirements for marrying with the human race. The humans that they married had to have great talent, or they would be expelled.

As for Ying Bokong’s Silver Wing Hawk Eagle, it was above average in the Integral Heaven Star-Field. It was a rather awkward position where it did have some fame but couldn’t squeeze into the ranks of the truly powerful races.

As for the Falling Star Gate that he was part of, it was created by the Falling Star Divine Sparrow race. The Silver Wing Hawk Eagle had attached themselves to this race. The Falling Star Divine Sparrow race could be considered a first-rate force in the Integral Heaven Star-Field, and many bird-type demonic beasts would join their side.

In truth, demonic beasts weren’t all united. There were many conflicts between the various races, especially between flying birds, land beasts, scaled beasts, armored beasts, and such.

Although everyone in the core of the star-field, the Ancient Orchid Domain, would reserve themselves, quite a few secret battles still occurred constantly. It was very bloody. The peace that appeared on the surface was covering up quite a few bloody undercurrents. It was simply that everyone wanted profit and had no choice but to listen to the Sacred Pill Hall.

Also, the Sacred Pill Hall didn’t bother with their secret squabbling. As long as it didn’t erupt into large-scale wars, they wouldn’t come out to mediate.

That was why even after coming to this ‘peaceful’ place, Ying Bokong and the others had come in groups and brought distress signals. If they did encounter their enemies, who knew whether or not their enemies would simply erase them without anyone being the wiser?

Naturally, in the same line of thought, if they did encounter smaller squads of their enemies, they also wouldn’t hesitate to wipe them out.

According to the rules, the experts coming to the Ancient Orchid Domain could only be at the Four Peak realm. In other words, the Sacred Pill Hall refused to permit outsiders in other realms to appear in the Ancient Orchid Domain for the opening of the Divine Lord Immortal Realm.

This was for fear of someone crazy coming in. If that crazy person was a World King, they might start a slaughter if they encountered people they had enmity with. They might even tear them out by the roots.

In order to prevent such a large-scale slaughter, the Sacred Pill Hall carried out a strict testing at the entrances to the Ancient Orchid Domain. Only small groups were allowed past. Thus, even if a single power had hundreds of thousands of disciples, they couldn’t all stay together. They could only hurry on to the Auspicious Cloud Prefecture. As for whether or not they would encounter enemies on the way, that was up to luck.

They were all in the Four Peak realm, so Long Chen was delighted by that. If that was the case, what would he need to worry about? The thing that excited him the most was that no one here recognized him.

Back then, he had entrusted the Huayun Trading Company with spreading his name. But this region didn’t have the Huayun Trading Company, so no one knew who Boss Long San was.

Furthermore, this place also didn’t have the Bloodkill Hall and the Nine Underworld Hall. As for the Sacred Pill Hall, it didn’t seem likely that they would know of him. He didn’t need to have so many misgivings.

“Hahaha!”

Just as Long Chen was listening to Ying Bokong’s explanation about the Integral Heaven Star-Field, a peal of laughter rang out from above them. Hundreds of experts had surrounded them.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Long Chen had long since sensed these people. But he had been listening to Ying Bokong and thought that these people were just passing by. He hadn’t expected them to be coming right for them.

Long Chen eyed these people. They were wearing the same robes as Ying Bokong. In other words, they were also disciples of the Falling Star Gate.

As for their leader, his face was like a donkey’s. He had two hooks growing out of his back, and his body was long and thin. He was incomparably ugly. When he smiled, it revealed his protruding teeth, making him appear even uglier.

Ying Bokong’s expression instantly grew ugly when he saw this man. That donkey-faced man laughed at Ying Bokong delightedly.

“Ying Bokong, ah, Ying Bokong. You really grow more and more useless. You actually became a battle pet of a human. Our Falling Star Gate’s-, no, the face of the entire flying beast race has been lost by you. How can someone like you be fit to challenge me for the eighth rank? Hahaha, what a joke!”

The donkey-faced man’s laughter was like the braying of a donkey. Clearly, despite being from the same sect, they were not friends.

As for the other disciples, they stared oddly at Ying Bokong. They came because they had received a distress signal. After that, upon hearing that Ying Bokong had been defeated and brought away by a human, they didn’t dare to believe it.

They then directly set off in the direction that Ying Bokong’s subordinates had indicated. In just a bit, they quickly caught up and saw Ying Bokong submissively answering Long Chen’s questions.

Ying Bokong was shaking with rage. This donkey-faced man was someone he hated the most. Being mocked by him drove him crazy.

His laughter in particular was an ear-piercing sound. Now, it pierced Ying Bokong’s heart as well.

At this moment, a single finger pointed at the donkey-faced man’s head. A bolt of lightning then pierced through his head, and that laughter came to a sudden stop.

“Sorry, I really can’t handle that laughter of yours. It really is powerful.” In front of all their shocked gazes, Long Chen apologetically lowered his finger that still flickered with lightning.