Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3413 Gathering

BOOM!

The training room exploded and countless runes lit up a giant barrier. The fragments of the room struck the barrier, but didn’t cause any damage.

Ying Bokong was hiding in a corner of the wreckage. Just now, Lei Yuner’s lightning sphere had gone out of control. If Long Chen hadn’t helped Ying Bokong block it, he would have been blasted out of existence.

“I told you to hold back a bit!” said Long Chen helplessly.

Long Chen had taught Lei Yuner how to control the World Extermination Lightning Radiance. Relying on her powerful bloodline talent, she thought that she could fully control it, only for that carelessness to blow apart their training room.

If there wasn’t an outer formation around the training room, the wreckage would have flown out and caused quite a bit of damage to the surrounding area.

“Alright, now we have to pay for damages.” Long Chen shrugged helplessly. They had rented this training room, but now it had been blasted apart by Lei Yuner. It would probably cost a hefty price.

Lei Yuner didn’t care about that price. She looked at her hand, having yet to recover from her shock.

“What a terrifying attack. I only used a tenth of my power just now, but its destructive power has exceeded my Lightning Falcon race’s ultimate technique,” said Lei Yuner, feeling delighted and shocked.

“Don’t be so happy just yet. You can’t control it. With your current level of control, if you used fifty percent of your power, it would definitely severely wound you. If you exceed sixty percent, you’d lose your life. You should focus on control for now. If you don’t have control, then no matter how strong the technique is, it’s meaningless,” warned Long Chen sternly.

Lei Yuner was a demonic beast, and her Spiritual Strength wasn’t strong enough to control this technique. Her lightning arts were related to her bloodline, so they were easier to control for her. On the other hand, this technique had no connection to her bloodline.

Hence, even if she was familiar with thunderforce and used her core energy for this technique, it was still difficult to control the World Extermination Lightning Radiance.

As expected, people quickly came to make them pay for the destruction. For this training room, Lei Yuner paid two hundred immortal king crystals. This was after they gave face to the Lightning Falcon race. Otherwise, it would be more. They were only recuperating their cost.

After that, Lei Yuner directly rented another training room. This time, Ying Bokong directly said that he would guard the door. He said that he was preventing anyone from disturbing Lei Yuner, but really he was just afraid of her losing control and killing him.

This time, Lei Yuner was more cautious, but her Spiritual Strength was still not strong enough. Despite knowing how she had to control it, it was like walking on thin ice. One mistake and she would lose control.

The disaster repeated itself twice, with only Long Chen preventing the room from being blown up again. Lei Yuner was originally overflowing with excitement, but these consecutive failures disappointed her. This technique was too difficult. No matter how great the technique was, there was no use if she couldn’t control it. She almost started crying.

Long Chen comforted her and directly refined two furnaces of pills to nourish her soul. When she saw those top grade treasure pills, she was dumbfounded. She recognized what level these pills were.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

She was unaware that these furnaces of pills were just refined by Huo Linger and the Demon Moon Furnace. The Demon Moon Furnace refined demonic pills, so Long Chen had a thought. Wouldn’t demonic pills be perfect for demonic beasts?

When Long Chen gave her those top grade treasure pills, Lei Yuner was so grateful that she couldn’t even speak.

She only knew that the higher the grade of the pill, the more precious it was. She thought that these treasure pills were definitely extraordinarily valuable, but she didn’t know that despite being treasure pills, such pills were so commonplace that not even ten of them could be sold for a single immortal king crystal normally.

The demonic beast race couldn’t refine pills, and the Sacred Pill hall forbade any medicinal pills from entering the Integral Heaven Star-Field. So all medicinal pills were sold for a sky-high price here.

Long Chen didn’t bother explaining any of this. He had Lei Yuner consume one, and just that one pill already strengthened her mind and spirit. Her mental energy increased by almost thirty percent.

Long Chen was startled inside. It seemed that demonic pills really were perfect for demonic beasts. However, these pills also had a greater burden on the body. Perhaps only the body of a demonic beast could endure such a thing.

It had to be known that the demonic pills he refined were normally only for himself. Their medicinal energy was too violent for others to consume.

However, Lei Yuner didn’t feel out of sorts after consuming one. The medicinal effect took action steadily. She absorbed it particularly well.

Perhaps it was due to never consuming such pills before, but even after consuming ten pills, the efficacy of each pill didn’t decrease.

It was only after the tenth pill that the effect started to decrease. It finally had no effect after sixteen pills.

After eating the pills, Lei Yuner’s Spiritual Strength increased multiple times. Furthermore, Long Chen also used these medicinal pills to widen her spiritual space. As she worked hard, she would have a large room for improvement.

With her new Spiritual Strength, Lei Yuner was finally capable of unleashing the World Extermination Lightning Radiance. It was capable of instantly absorbing fifty percent of her thunderforce for an attack. Even she felt terror at this technique.

Their Lightning Falcon race’s strongest divine ability was only able to unleash a tenth of their full energy capacity at once. But that would already be considered a terrifying ultimate move that made countless demonic beasts shudder.

As for this technique that she had learned from Long Chen, it had surpassed the scope of her understanding. Now she truly had her own personal trump card.

Long Chen warned Lei Yuner that due to her Spiritual Strength, fifty percent of her power was her limit. Any more than that and her life would be in danger.

Lei Yuner was profoundly grateful to Long Chen for this technique. She had only taught him a movement art, but he had taught her such a terrifying technique. She felt so sorry for him that she wanted to teach him more of her lightning attacks.

However, Long Chen refused. What Long Chen had cared about was Lei Yuner’s terrifying speed. The rest of her lightning arts were useless to him.

His thunderforce came from Lei Linger. As long as he had the support of this movement art and a terrifying attack like the World Extermination Lightning Radiance, that was enough.

After all, he also had the World Extermination Flame Lotus, the Dragon Blood Battle Armor, the Six Star Battle Armor, Split the Heavens, and other techniques. Power was his main focus. He needed to focus on perfecting the techniques he had, not learning more.

With Lei Yuner’s patient display, Lei Linger had already grasped her movement art. Since Lei Linger and Long Chen’s souls were connected, Long Chen had essentially learned the technique as well.

Long Chen started to teleport throughout the training room, leaving ten thousand afterimages. His speed was not at all inferior to Lei Yuner’s.

This was Long Chen’s first time controlling such terrifying speed. Even if he encountered supreme experts in the future, he could flee even if he couldn’t beat them. He had gained a life-saving trump card.

After three days, Long Chen and Lei Yuner came out of seclusion. Long Chen’s tablet was shining again. Furthermore, it wasn’t just his. Lei Yuner and Ying Bokong’s tablets were also shining.

“The Divine Lord Immortal Realm is about to open. We’re starting to gather. Let’s go now!” said Lei Yuner excitedly.

Long Chen was also excited. “Once I reach the Divine Lord realm, with the Lightning Falcon race’s movement art, I don’t have to be afraid of even World Kings.”

However, just as Long Chen was in high spirits, a line of numbers appeared on his tablet that made his expression instantly grow ugly.