Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3429 Lightning Gates

Countless lightning beasts came flying out of the heavens. All of them were three hundred meters long and wrapped in lightning. Now, they collapsed on everyone within the heavenly tribulation.

As a result, a war instantly erupted, and all the demonic beasts started battling the lightning beasts. However, the latter was very powerful. An attack from them could directly smash apart ordinary experts of the demonic beasts.

Hence, the demonic beasts instantly panicked and fled, having their stronger experts face them.

Only first-rate experts were able to block these lightning beasts. After the lightning beasts were killed, they transformed into lightning runes that were several times stronger than before. Moreover, those runes were able to quickly increase the power of their physical bodies. Hence, these experts grew even more excited.

As they killed the lightning beasts, some of the weaker experts managed to help and launch their attacks, while the weakest at the very bottom could only absorb the leftover runes that slipped through the others.

However, a few thousand experts at the very core didn’t move at all. They kept a close eye on Long Chen, as these lightning beasts didn’t make them worried at all. They were only worried about Long Chen running away. Ultimately, what they wanted was the Heavenly Dao mark in his body.

If even the heavenly tribulation had such benefits, then the Heavenly Dao mark must be way more valuable.

This Heavenly Dao mark could be split into sixteen portions. But once Long Chen was slain, it would become a masterless object, and they would have a chance to obtain it. It would be up to whose luck was better.

When the lightning beasts approached them, these experts would casually slay them. These experts were the top existences here. Even if they couldn’t beat the eighth prince, Wu Ying, and the others, they were only one slight level below them. So, these lightning beasts were unable to threaten them.

In the distance, Lei Yuner led the flying beast race’s experts through a slaughter on the outer edges. As a master of thunderforce, Lei Yuner killed countless lightning beasts with every wave of her hand.

After they were killed, they transformed into runes and flowed down until every member of the flying beast race managed to absorb a portion. But as Lei Yuner and the other top experts of their flying beast race slaughtered the lightning beasts, they didn’t absorb the runes. They left them to the weaker members of their races.

After killing and killing, Lei Yuner started to feel that something was wrong. These lightning beasts had started off at the early stage of the Divine Lord realm. But in just a few breaths’ time, the new lightning beasts were bordering the mid stage. After a bit more time, they reached the late stage.

When their power reached this stage, the ones following Lei Yuner in slaying them were starting to find it taxing.

Lei Yuner looked toward the core of the heavenly tribulation. Things were in chaos there. As the lightning beasts grew stronger, fewer and fewer people were capable of fighting them. Those first-rate experts no longer had the ability to protect others.

The weaklings were quickly killed. They were completely unable to resist those powerful lightning beasts.

In the chaos, countless experts tried to flee to the outer edges. While it was a nice thought, they had forgotten one thing. Just how big was the scope of Long Chen’s tribulation?

Being in the core, they were unable to pass through this massive tribulation and escape. So, in just a moment, they were drowned by the lightning beasts.

“We can’t endure this heavenly tribulation! Please, bring us out! I’m begging you!” Some of the weaklings began to plead with the stronger members of their race for aid.

However, those experts could barely protect themselves. They didn’t have the power to protect these weaklings as well within the endless tide of lightning beasts. As for the peak experts that still possessed the power to bring them out, they were intent on keeping an eye on Long Chen, ignoring everyone else.

In the end, emotional ties between demonic beasts were not very strong. Even direct members of their families weren’t that close to them, as they only cared about power. When it came to their children, if the latter were weak, they wouldn’t care about their life and death. They were only concerned about their powerful descendants.

Thus, the pleading of the weaker members of their race fell on deaf ears. In front of profit and opportunity, the lives of weak members of their race were as worthless as blades of grass to them.

They were unwilling to lose the chance of obtaining the Heavenly Dao mark to save these weaklings. Thus, the cries of the weak gradually vanished as they were slain.

Only the strong members of a race could continue and lead the race, changing the fate of an entire race. The weak were meaningless. Moreover, no one would stand from the angle of a virtuous saint to criticize others here. This was the attitude of the demonic beast race.

Now, Lei Yuner and Ying Bokong knew why Long Chen had told them to leave the core region in advance. It was to give the weaker members of their race a way out.

Ying Bokong watched as the members of his race were killed by the lightning beasts. He didn’t know what he felt inside, but there was also nothing he could do. These people wouldn’t know who was a good person and who was a bad person until death came for them.

Lei Yuner continued to lead her people through the outer edge. Here, the tribulation was slightly weaker than at the core, so she was still in control.

After another half an incense stick’s worth of time, Lei Yuner was shocked to find that the lightning beasts had gradually leaped in power to the level of an Immortal King.

Furthermore, due to being manifestations of lightning, their attacks were sharp and fierce. They might be even more destructive than an ordinary Immortal King expert.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

It had only been an incense stick’s worth of time from the start, but Long Chen’s heavenly tribulation had increased in power to such a level. Lei Yuner was shocked. She had never seen such a terrifying tribulation before.

Most people would have at least six hours of Divine Lord tribulation. Although the demonic beast race’s tribulation was slightly stronger than the human race’s and there was a bit of time discrepancy, the rhythm of the tribulations was almost the same everywhere. It always went from weak to strong.

However, in just an incense stick’s worth of time, Long Chen’s tribulation had reached such a terrifying level. Would what was coming up later even be survivable?

The experts at the core region were constantly being cut down. By this point in time, almost half of them had been killed.

The experts watching from outside the Divine Lord Immortal Realm grew antsy. Although having the weak be washed away was a natural law and they all hoped that after the tribulation, the elites amongst the elites of their race would be able to reveal themselves, this rate of elimination was far too bloody.

Some of the weaker races in particular were worried. Even their top geniuses would only be considered average in a battle of this scale.

The first ones to die were the disciples of those weaker races. Watching as they died, their seniors started to feel unwell.

“Hall master, can you…”

“No, I cannot. None of us can interfere with what is happening inside the Divine Lord Immortal Realm. Otherwise, do you think that we would let Long Chen undergo tribulation inside?” said the hall master coldly.

Hearing that, those people fell silent, their hearts burning painfully. None of them could do anything. On the other hand, the strongest races were calmer and even felt a bit excited. This tribulation was causing their people to benefit the most.

At this moment, Long Chen continued to stand there indifferently, like an emotionless statue. Since he was surrounded by demonic beasts, those lightning beasts were unable to reach him before being slain.

Up until now, Long Chen had not absorbed a single speck of thunderforce from this tribulation. But he wasn’t worried at all.

The thunderforce filling the air was all absorbed by the eighth prince, Wu Ying, and the others before it could reach him.

They knew that as long as Long Chen didn’t get to absorb any thunderforce, he would be unable to advance. That was why none of them was worried about him fully merging with the Heavenly Dao mark. They felt that the one that should be worried was Long Chen.

But Long Chen looked at them like they were idiots. He was patiently waiting.

After an hour, the lightning beasts finally stopped falling. Seeing this, the experts that had been about to run out of energy were delighted. Just as they thought that the tribulation was on the verge of ending, four lightning gates appeared within the tribulation clouds.

As the lightning gates slowly opened, a dark and gloomy aura instantly enveloped the entire world.