Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3435 Brahma Divine Statue

“Take out the Elephant Emperor War Chariot!”

When the Mammoth Divine Elephant race’s leader saw that giant saber-image, his expression completely changed, and he shouted at the eighth prince.

This attack terrified even World Kings. They were stunned that someone who was still in the middle of their Divine Lord tribulation would be able to unleash such a terrifying attack.

BOOM!

The divine saber destroyed laws and shattered Daos. The tribulation clouds filling the sky were cleanly cut apart.

However, there was no need for the Mammoth Divine Elephant race leader’s warning. The eighth prince had instantly summoned the Elephant Emperor War Chariot the moment Long Chen raised his saber, because he sensed that at this moment, only it could possibly save his life.

The saber-image then smashed into the war chariot, and the chariot shuddered intensely. After that, divine light radiated out of the chariot, blasting the fiend spirits around it apart. Everything in the surroundings was directly turned to dust.

This was a shocking blow, one that caused the world to change color. Despite it still being the first form of Split the Heavens, its power was dozens of times greater now.

One reason was because Long Chen’s realm had increased, but the other reason was that he finally had a perfect divine weapon. Another aspect was that he had been bestowed with the Heavenly Dao mark of the Integral Heaven Star-Field, which allowed him to grow closer to the Heavenly Daos. They were willing to lend him more power.

Long Chen felt completely refreshed after this attack. As for the Minghong Saber in his hand, a dragon cry continued to ring out of it. It was like after encountering each other, they could finally unleash their full potential. The saber itself seemed even more excited than Long Chen.

This was a divine weapon of the human race. For it to land in the hands of the demonic beast race was a waste of a treasure.

After this blow, the fiend spirits were all turned into lightning runes.

The war chariot rumbled. Right below it, the eighth prince’s expression was exceedingly ugly. There was no way he could have blocked that attack. If it hadn’t been for the Elephant Emperor War Chariot, he would be dead right now.

The others only barely kept their lives thanks to him, but blood was pouring out of all their orifices, and their heads were dazed.

That one blow shook everyone. These demonic beasts had been unable to understand how a little Four Peak youngster like Long Chen could possibly become the dean of the High Firmament Academy’s seventh branch. But now, they understood.

Just as everyone was stunned by this attack, Long Chen once more raised the Minghong Saber. In front of their dumbfounded gazes, he unleashed the same terrifying attack. It seemed that he could unleash it limitlessly without wasting time to store up energy.

BOOM!

The war chariot radiated divine light once more. But this time, the explosion was several times stronger than the last. The war chariot shuddered and sank, almost smashing into the ground.

Other than the eighth prince, everyone else had been directly blown apart by the shockwaves. As for the eighth prince, he also coughed up a mouthful of blood.

This attack was even more powerful than the last, because this time, Long Chen had used the power of his stars.

Long Chen’s 108,000 stars had been broken and grown countless times during his tribulation. Hence, they were dozens of times stronger than before.

Furthermore, the divine flames burning on top of them also grew. They gave Long Chen endless power.

At this moment, specks appeared on the Minghong Saber, blazing like the stars.

Battle intent burned in Long Chen’s eyes as he looked at the Minghong Saber. “This is only half of my astral power. Can you continue?”

The Minghong Saber buzzed. After that, a dragon cry rang out and Saber Qi soared. It seemed that it thirsted for even more power.

BOOM!

Just then, the Elephant Emperor War Chariot whistled over. It was actually attacking Long Chen. Countless runes then lit up on it, shining like stars.

Long Chen raised his saber to block it. As a result, his arms quivered, and he was sent flying like a shooting star.

Long Chen smashed into a barrier and bounced off.

Only then did Long Chen realize that there was one region of intact buildings within the otherwise destroyed Auspicious Cloud Domain. This place was protected by a formation.

Long Chen just happened to crash into that place, causing the barrier to appear. Long Chen then saw a statue.

“Lord Brahma!”

Long Chen’s eyes instantly turned blood-red. This statue was Brahma’s.

This was the Sacred Pill Hall’s holy land, and Lord Brahma’s statue was here. Moreover, as this place was the inheritance land for his Dao, it was protected by faith energy, and even the heavenly tribulation was unable to harm this place.

“Die!”

The next moment, the eighth prince’s furious roar rang out. Inside the Elephant Emperor War Chariot, he smashed toward Long Chen.

This Elephant Emperor War Chariot was something only descendants of the Elephant Emperor could use. Even within the Mammoth Divine Elephant race, only a very small portion of people were capable of using it due to their bloodline connection.

Previously, in order to protect the others, the eighth prince had hidden behind the Elephant Emperor War Chariot. But now, since they were all dead, he instantly entered the chariot. Here, not even a World King could harm him. With a furious roar, he charged toward Long Chen. Because he wasn’t a match for Long Chen, he would use the Elephant Emperor War Chariot to kill him.

It was incredibly fast, and it appeared in front of Long Chen just as he bounced off of the barrier.

Long Chen once more raised his saber to block, resulting in him smashing into the barrier. He was actually forcibly embedded into it.

The barrier was behind him, and the Elephant Emperor War Chariot was in front of him. He was caught between the two.

Long Chen pushed as hard as he could, but the barrier behind him was actually soft and flexible. He didn’t have a foothold to push off of.

“Die, you inferior human!”

The eighth prince suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood. After that, the Elephant Emperor War Chariot rumbled as if it had come alive, shaking the world. It was like an ancient beast had awoken. Now, Long Chen instantly felt like an entire starry sky was pressing down on him.

“Kill him! Kill him!”

Just then, he heard countless cheers from within the barrier. Looking behind him, Long Chen saw countless experts wearing robes of the Sacred Pill Hall cheering from inside the buildings.

The Sacred Pill Hall’s people actually hid here. It was no wonder Long Chen hadn’t seen a single person in the city when his heavenly tribulation descended.

Seeing Long Chen trapped and knowing that he was an enemy of the Sacred Pill Hall, they all cheered for the eighth prince.

Long Chen was angered. But just as he was about to unleash the full power of his stars, another gate opened in the sky, and a tall figure appeared. It caused Long Chen’s expression to completely change.

“Big brother Wu Tian!”

That figure was precisely Wu Tian. The moment he appeared, the rest of the tribulation clouds vanished without a trace. It was like his arrival sucked up all the power of the heavenly tribulation.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

After that, the world shuddered and the ten thousand Daos cried out. Even the World Kings were quivering, staring in horror at Wu Tian’s figure.

A spear appeared in Wu Tian’s hand. With a quiver of the spear, his body vanished. That spear then pierced through heaven and earth at Long Chen.

“This is the attack that big brother Wu Tian used to send me out of the Netherworld!” Long Chen was appalled. This was the only attack he had ever seen Wu Tian unleash. It had actually been memorized by the Heavenly Daos.

The eighth prince was also shocked by this sudden change, so he hastily sent the Elephant Emperor War Chariot away.

“Don’t be stingy! Be my shield!” Long Chen shouted, and just like that, he hid behind the Elephant Emperor War Chariot. What kind of joke was that? Who could possibly block Wu Tian’s attack?

BOOM!

The spear fell in front of countless shocked gazes. The Elephant Emperor War Chariot was pierced through!