Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3439 The Present of the Core of the Star-Field

As Long Chen left, the Auspicious Cloud Domain was in ruins. Other than the broken fragments of Lord Brahma’s statue, there were almost no signs of civilization at all.

The World Extermination Lightning Radiance had destroyed all the remaining buildings within the city, turning them into dust.

Just how glorious had the Auspicious Cloud Domain been? But because of Long Chen, it was turned into wilderness. The Sacred Pill Hall which had stood for tens of millions of years now had its divine statue broken.

Millions and millions of demonic beasts had been killed, along with tens of millions of followers of the Sacred Pill Hall. On his own, Long Chen had practically wiped out an entire generation of the Integral Heaven Star-Field.

Only the flying beast race’s experts had survived. They were lucky, otherwise, they would have been wiped out as well.

They were unaware that this luck was all calculated by Long Chen. He had given them a way out.

Fortunately, the old race leader of the Lightning Falcon race was smart and didn't let the flying beast race get drawn into the final battle. Furthermore, the curses that the Lightning Falcon race’s leader had spat at Long Chen actually meant the opposite.

The once glorious Sacred Pill Hall had been reduced to just three people. No, it was two and a half people. The hall master could only count as half a person in his state.

The two assistant hall masters had ugly expressions. With the destruction of the statue, they lost the ability to communicate with Lord Brahma. Now, they could only bring the hall master to another star-field and quickly report this matter.

Once they left, the demonic beasts also gloomily scattered. The leader of the Lightning Falcon race angrily shouted at people to bring away Lei Yuner’s ‘corpse’.

Once they were back at their home, without needing any medicine, Lei Yuner slowly woke up on her own. After waking up, she cried out and shouted, “Why did you kill me?!”

In her memories, all she remembered was how Long Chen had attacked her. She didn’t remember anything after that.

When the old race leader explained this matter to her, her tears turned into a smile.

Suddenly, she noticed that a spatial ring had appeared on her finger.

Checking it, she cried out in shock. It was packed with tens of thousands of Lightning Spirit Blood Soul Pills. Furthermore, they were all top grade spirit pills.

When the elders of the Lightning Falcon race saw those medicinal pills, they were all dumbfounded. This was an enormous wealth to them.

“There’s also a piece of paper!” said an elder.

Reading the paper, they found that this had truly been left by Long Chen, and he had also left some words for Lei Yuner.

His goal this time had been to kill the eighth prince as well as the hall master.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

However, he had known that killing the hall master would be extremely difficult, so he hadn’t had much hope for that. The reason he had attacked Lei Yuner was for fear that the Sacred Pill Hall would find trouble for the Lightning Falcon race in the future.

If Long Chen had known that he would borrow the power of the final attack of the heavenly tribulation to destroy the Sacred Pill Hall’s barrier, perhaps he wouldn’t have done this.

After all, now that the Sacred Pill Hall was reduced to two and a half people, it was unknown how the two of them would manage to survive the wrath of the higher-ups. They wouldn’t be in the mood to find trouble for others.

In any case, Long Chen had left the path wide open for Lei Yuner. In the end, he told Lei Yuner that there was a thing called love in the human race’s world. Love was the foundation for a union between a man and a woman, something not backed by any goals or intentions. Love was a thing that didn’t require anything in return. It was not to give birth to stronger descendants but to be together.

So while he was grateful to Lei Yuner for her high opinion of him, he was unable to accept such a good thing from her. He then expressed his apology to her.

Lei Yuner seemed to understand yet not understand his words. She only held the paper and cried. All she knew was that Long Chen didn’t want her children.

“Yuner, don’t cry. The human race is closer to the Heavenly Daos, so their feelings can’t be understood by us. But it’s fine, as long as you work hard at cultivation and comprehend more of the Heavenly Daos, perhaps you will one day come to understand what that love of the human race is. At that time, you will be able to understand Long Chen’s heart. Perhaps he will agree to have children with you then. So don’t feel bad. Work hard on your cultivation until you can lead the Lightning Falcon race forward,” implored the old leader of the Lightning Falcon race.

This elder could be considered a very rare wise person amongst the demonic beast race. Afraid that Lei Yuner would waste time on this issue, he first drew a new goal for her.

It had to be known that she had made amazing gains after this tribulation. Her body and soul had undergone a complete transformation. It could be said that other than Long Chen, she was the one to benefit the most from the heavenly tribulation.

Perhaps there were greater heavenly geniuses amongst the demonic beasts before this, but those people were all dead now. As long as Lei Yuner became a World King, the Lightning Falcon race would become the overlord of the Integral Heaven Star-Field.

“Alright, I’ll work hard on cultivation. I’ll only have children with him.” Lei Yuner clenched her fists, solemnly swearing to accomplish a far and distant goal.

…

Space trembled and Long Chen appeared in a desolate land that was surrounded by a desert. There wasn’t a single blade of grass growing here. Along with him appeared the woman that was the manifestation of the core of the star-field.

The woman looked at Long Chen. “It really is all thanks to you. This place is the edge of the Integral Heaven Star-Field. If you pass through the border wall here, you will find yourself in the Empyrean Heaven Star-Field. Speaking of which…”

The woman waved her hand. The next moment, countless weapons, extravagant cases, precious medicines, bone books, and other items appeared, forming a small mountain of treasures.

Long Chen was shocked. These weapons were all King items. Even the eighth prince’s golden spear was amongst them.

“You helped me out so much. I can’t give you much, but I think these things are useful to you. When the city was destroyed, I gathered these things to avoid them being destroyed. I myself have nothing, so I can only hope that this gift is enough,” said the woman apologetically.

“How could it not be? These things are priceless treasures to me. I truly have to thank you.” How could Long Chen possibly complain about this gift? These were all treasures. There were over ten thousand King items here. Some were part of the Sacred Pill Hall’s treasury, and the others were items whose masters had died in battle. They had all been gathered for him, so Long Chen had profited immensely.

However, there were too many treasures, and he didn’t have time to go through them all. As a result, he simply tossed them all into the primal chaos space. He then thanked her once more. He had previously felt some heartache since all the treasures of the Auspicious Cloud Trading Company were destroyed just like that. But now there wasn’t the slightest waste.

Seeing how happy he was, the woman was also very happy. After saying goodbye to Long Chen, she vanished into the world.

Long Chen was very satisfied. Humming a little tune, he started flying in the direction she had pointed.