Chapter 3440 Returning in Glory

The border could be considered similar to a barrier, but it wasn’t targeting anyone. It was the result of the layers between two star-fields touching, and it could be pierced through with enough power.

Before this, the border was watched by the Sacred Pill Hall’s formation. But now that the Sacred Pill Hall had been crippled, naturally no one was overseeing it.

After passing through the border, Long Chen instantly felt that the aura of the Heavenly Daos was different. Here, the aura was more peaceful, more tranquil. It didn’t have the air of the Integral Heaven Star-Field that caused restlessness and irritation.

Long Chen knew that the Integral Heaven Star-Field was originally the same as the Empyrean Heaven Star-Field. They were both places for human cultivation. It was later that the Sacred Pill Hall forcibly transformed it into a world more suited for demonic beast cultivation.

Upon entering the Empyrean Heaven Star-Field, Long Chen clearly felt his mood improve. Even breathing became easier, and he no longer felt so constrained and irritable.

Furthermore, he felt an indescribable closeness to the Empyrean Heaven Star-Field. The Heavenly Dao energy had grown warmer to him.

This was thanks to the blessing of the Integral Heaven Star-Field’s core. She had left her Heavenly Dao mark on him, and any kind-hearted star-field cores would sense that mark and feel closer to him as a result.

“I’ve really profited this time!”

Long Chen laughed. After being conned by Enpuda, he still managed to turn calamity into profit.

Long Chen looked around. He was in a barren land without any people around, so he decided to just take a stop here and start an inventory of his gains.

“There’s a Daynight Furnace. Hehe, its quality is far greater than the old one. I’ll leave this to the Moon and Star Refining Furnace. With both of them working together, medicinal pills will come limitlessly.” Long Chen rubbed the Daynight Furnace excitedly. Although the Demon Moon Furnace could refine powerful demonic pills, they were mostly only usable by himself. Others couldn’t endure their power.

With another Daynight Furnace, it was truly like someone had given him a pillow just as he was dozing off. This Daynight Furnace’s item-spirit directly resisted when it was drawn into the primal chaos, and the primal chaos bead directly exterminated that item-spirit. Because of this, the Moon and Star Refining Furnace’s item-spirit could directly merge into it. In just a few days, it would be in full control.

Within the primal chaos space was a lightning dragon coiling in slumber.

This time, as soon as his tribulation had started, he had Lei Linger transform into millions of lightning runes spread throughout the space, silently absorbing thunderforce.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

During his tribulation, many people had been absorbing the lightning runes. But once they died, those lightning runes returned to heaven and earth.

Lei Linger then absorbed the lightning runes in the air, as well as the ones coming out of the fallen. It could be said that this time, she didn’t waste a single drop.

Hidden within the heavenly tribulation, no one had even noticed her. Originally, she was a trump card Long Chen had been preparing to use against the eighth prince, because the Elephant Emperor War Chariot was truly difficult to deal with. But then Wu Tian appeared and directly pierced the war chariot, causing Long Chen to change ideas. He then had Lei Linger absorb the remnant power of that spear and spit out half to help him wipe out the headquarters of the Sacred Pill Hall.

It just so happened that Lei Linger was unable to absorb the full power of that final attack, so rather than wasting it, Long Chen used that power to kill.

Lei Linger had conserved the power that she could devour and was in the midst of absorbing it. An astonishing aura now came from her body. After all of this thunderforce was absorbed, her power would soar to an unimaginable level.

There were over ten thousand King items, almost all of them being premium quality. After all, the King items that could manage to survive that tribulation intact had to be top grade. It could be said that these King items alone were an unimaginable level of wealth.

Also, there were various medicinal ingredients, millions in fact. Long Chen then planted all the ones that he didn’t have in the medicinal fields.

As for the medicinal pills that he gained, he didn’t even bother going through them. He would just leave those to the people in the warehouse to deal with.

Now, Long Chen was looking at various secret tomes. Long Chen looked through them and found that they were mostly alchemy techniques. Most likely, they were pulled out of the Sacred Pill Hall’s secret treasury.

Those things were also useless to him. But they were useful to the High Firmament Academy. They had alchemists that could refine ordinary pills, but higher tier medicinal pills and some rather unique medicinal pills had to be bought from the Huayun Trading Company. With these secret tomes, the High Firmament Academy’s alchemy level would soar.

“What? There are spatial chests!”

Long Chen suddenly noticed eight spatial chests amongst the treasures. When he opened them, he found that they were packed with fist-sized crystals.

Every spatial chest had ten million immortal king crystals, for a total of eighty million immortal king crystals.

“Fuck, the Sacred Pill Hall really knows how to make money! Where did they steal eighty million crystals from?!” Long Chen’s heart was pounding. He had never seen so much money before.

Even before this, the first generation Wood Foundation Divine Fruit that he sold to Zheng Wenlong had only gotten him a few hundred thousand immortal king crystals’ worth of materials, which he then used to rebuild the seventh branch academy. At that time, he had felt himself to be a rich moneybag.

However, looking at these eight spatial chests, he suddenly felt like he was a starving beggar compared to the Sacred Pill Hall.

“There are more!”

Long Chen found even more scattered immortal king crystals at the bottom of the pile of treasures. In the end, he managed to scrounge up another few hundred thousand.

Seeing this wealth, Long Chen almost felt numb. The Sacred Pill Hall had way too much money. In the end, he found thousands of spatial rings as well.

“Ah, I’m not going through all of this.” Long Chen directly gave up. These spatial rings mostly belonged to those half-step World Kings. They were their life’s savings.

Only half-step World Kings could protect at least a portion of their bodies under Long Chen’s attacks, so these spatial rings were still intact.

These spatial rings had all kinds of things. It would take him months to sort through them all, so he just gave up.

Although it was nice to count money, when there was too much money to count, it became a chore. He had lost interest.

Finally, Long Chen turned his attention to the Minghong Saber. He pulled it out along with its sheath. Closing his eyes, he sensed it and smiled.

“I didn’t expect my greatest gain this time to be you.”

This sheath was made out of unknown materials. It had actually absorbed a huge amount of blood soul energy and was currently nourishing the Minghong Saber.

Long Chen quickly concluded that the Minghong Saber was a weapon made for slaughter. The sheath would absorb the blood soul energy of the slain, transforming it into a miraculous energy capable of strengthening the Minghong Saber.

In other words, it would continue to grow. No wonder it thirsted to go along with him. As long as it was with Long Chen, it would definitely grow at the fastest rate.

Long Chen then placed the Minghong Saber on his back. One man and saber, mutually reflecting on each other. It appeared incredibly wild and domineering.

“Boss Long San is returning home in glory!”

Long Chen laughed and stepped into the air, transforming into a bolt of lightning that vanished from this wilderness.