Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3454 Powerful Violet Tower Pill

All the pill furnace’s runes lit up. Five-colored light surged within the pill furnace, crashing against the pill furnace like wild beasts trying to break free.

“Good thing I got a new pill furnace. That old pill furnace would have broken from this power.” Long Chen’s heart gradually relaxed when he saw that the Moon and Star Refining Furnace was able to endure this onslaught.

Long Chen wiped off some sweat from his forehead. His nerves were tense as he was using up a vast amount of Spiritual Strength.

In the past, when he refined pills, it was usually based on spiritual plants. Those pills possessed gentle and mild natures.

However, the Violet Tower Pill was refined from many ingredients that came from beasts. That made the pill’s nature particularly violent. It was like countless beasts were fighting within the pill furnace.

The Violet Tower Pill’s quality was increased when the power of the ingredients was stimulated. So, all of this violence was helping to draw out the potential of the ingredients. If instead this nature was forcibly erased, most of the medicinal nature would fade away as well.

Thus, letting them fight and clash against each other was the best method. That violent nature would slowly be worn down.

Roars rang out from within the pill furnace, and countless powers were clashing against each other, none capable of subduing the others.

At first, there were countless powers crazily fighting within the five-colored light. But as time passed, the battle grew more and more intense, and some powers gradually seemed to subdue and devour the others.

After a while, five streams of power remained, crazily fighting each other. After another incense stick’s worth of time, the five powers merged into one.

When those five powers merged, they formed an immense force that crashed against the pill furnace. Long Chen pressed his hand against the lid, afraid that they would charge out and ruin all his efforts. The immense force was making his arm numb.

Long Chen couldn’t help being shocked inside. The impact of this medicinal pill was almost equivalent to a full-power late stage Divine Lord’s attack.

There were nine impacts in total. The ninth time in the end caused the whole room to quiver. Long Chen almost couldn’t hold it.

After the ninth impact, the pill furnace finally became calm. Long Chen then carefully opened the lid. But all of a sudden, nine rays of light shot at Long Chen’s eyes. The sensation of mortal danger made Long Chen instinctively take out his saber.

BOOM!

The nine divine lights shattered.

“Fuck!”

Long Chen cursed furiously. Shattered remains of medicinal pills lay on the ground. He had just refined a good furnace of pills only to destroy them with his saber in the next moment. Everything was for nothing.

His face was dark with anger. Just now, in his excitement, he had made a grievous mistake. He had forgotten that the higher the tier of a pill, the greater its spirituality. Unwilling to be trapped, those higher tier pills would directly kill the alchemist and flee. This was something that he had often seen in the later stages of the mortal world.

However, in the immortal world, due to there being different laws, he had not refined any pills that possessed their own spirits, causing him to forget about this matter.

Unexpectedly, the Violet Tower Pill had its own spirit and even tried to kill him. Long Chen instinctively counterattacked, destroying them by accident. Most infuriating of all, he hadn’t even gotten a look at what the pills looked like.

He angrily plopped himself on the ground. After two hours, he finally settled his emotions and started on the next furnace of pills.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The second refinement went much smoother than the last. Long Chen had the experience, and the Moon and Star Refining Furnace was also prepared. While working together, everything went very smoothly.

The second furnace of pills quickly formed. This time, he was prepared, and when the pills came flying out, he unleashed a punch.

The divine light shattered, and blood dripped down Long Chen’s fist. The attack power of these medicinal pills was truly powerful. That was naturally why when they attacked last time, he instinctively counterattacked without holding back.

This time, after the divine light was shattered, the nine pills were not damaged. They floated in the air just like that.

The pills sparkled brightly, with divine light flowing within them. At the core of every pill was a blooming lily.

The lily had some tiny spots. When Long Chen’s mind entered those spots, he found himself in a different world.

This world was a lily flower with violet qi swirling on top of it. Immortal mist rose out of the ground, and fierce beasts were roaming around the land. They were the beasts whose ingredients were part of the pill formula.

However, compared to the giant lily, they were minute. They lived in this world. Long Chen even saw two of the beasts fighting each other.

“One flower, one world.”

Long Chen sighed in amazement. The Violet Tower Pill was truly terrifying. It seemed to contain boundless power. Furthermore, that violet immortal mist seemed to the purest, most primeval immortal qi of the world.

“They’re all top grade treasure pills. Perhaps it’s due to the tiers of the ingredients being so high.”

Originally, Long Chen had felt that refining top grade spirit pills would be something to celebrate. He hadn’t expected the first furnace of pills to all be top grade treasure pills.

Upon thinking about it carefully, this was the result of the quality of the ingredients, the refining technique, and the power of the pill furnace combined. That was what resulted in such a shocking outcome.

Long Chen looked at the Violet Tower Pills adoringly. This was his first time seeing such a beautiful pill. Every pill seemed to contain its own world. It was a beautiful feeling.

However, Long Chen didn’t immediately devour them. He first sent them into the primal chaos space for Lei Linger to use her thunderforce to nourish them, turning them into tribulation pills. That way, they could unleash their maximum potential.

Refining a single furnace of Violet Tower Pills was truly taxing. Furthermore, the medicinal ingredients that didn’t come from plants couldn’t be reproduced limitlessly by the primal chaos space. Every bit that he used was gone. Who knew when Zheng Wenlong would be able to gather more? Long Chen had to be meticulous with these ingredients. He couldn’t entirely depend on others.

Long Chen spent days refining the Violet Tower Pills, working seven consecutive days and nights. Although he did rest in between, he was still weary.

But in these seven days, he had refined a thousand Violet Tower Pills. He then gave them to Lei Linger to nourish. Only once they successfully became tribulation pills would he consume them.

After that, Long Chen returned to his residence and fell asleep. This one nap lasted three days. Refining the Violet Tower Pills was just too exhausting. He only restored his mental energy after three days of sleeping.

It had been a full ten days since the tribulation. Although there were still devils assaulting them, the academy had plenty of provisions. Everyone was able to sleep peacefully.

During this time, the Battle God Palace’s experts actually went out once to gather the devil crystals from the devils that were killed by the grand formation.

Furthermore, Long Chen was very magnanimous, directly saying that those devil cores went to whoever found them, and that there was no need to pay the academy. Hence, these experts all felt him to be the very picture of generosity, letting them make no small sum so easily.

When Long Chen asked about the disciples, he was told that the majority were still sleeping. Long Chen couldn’t help frowning. Had he gone a bit too far this time? They still hadn’t woken up even after all this time.

“Long Chen!”

Suddenly, Bai Shishi appeared. When Long Chen saw her current state, he jumped in shock.