Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3457 Deep Sea Fiend Devils

Long Chen then checked on the conditions of the others. There were no problems.

Lei Linger had grown increasingly strong and was able to accurately deduce every person’s potential. She had forced them as close to their limits as possible but didn’t exceed the limits.

In particular, that final explosion of the master of the golden sword resulted in his remaining Spiritual Strength being spread throughout the lightning runes. A portion was absorbed by Bai Shishi, while the disciples were only able to absorb a very small portion. The rest was digested by Lei Linger.

Lei Linger had started to transform after absorbing this Spiritual Strength. Most shocking of all, she had also peered into the runes that had merged into Bai Shishi.

As Bai Shishi digested those runes, Lei Linger also digested them. She was in a state of slumber right now, focusing on digesting those runes. Only a portion of her power was helping Long Chen temper the medicinal pills.

Long Chen knew that once Lei Linger came out of seclusion again, she would definitely have gone through a shocking transformation.

Everyone was fine. Based on Long Chen’s estimate, they should all wake up within five to six days. Long Chen told Luo Changwu not to worry.

After checking on them, Long Chen continued refining pills. Bai Shishi and Xu Zixiong joined Qin Feng and Qi Yu, attacking the devils outside the barrier to get accustomed to their new power.

With Bai Shishi present, even if a World King devil were to appear, they wouldn’t need to worry. Long Chen wasn’t worried about them at all.

Long Chen then spent another week refining Violet Tower Pills and slept another three days. Once he woke up, he went to find Bai Xiaole, just in time to see him with his mother, getting accustomed to his new power.

When Bai Xiaole saw Long Chen, he shouted excitedly. After waking up, his Three Flower Pupils had become multicolored. As it turned out, those with the Three Flower Pupils bloodline saw the world in only black and white.

Only once the Three Flower Pupils had evolved to a higher level could they see color. Hence, this was Bai Xiaole’s first time seeing a world of beautiful colors. He was so happy that he wept.

Bai Xiaole’s mother was also crying. Bai Xiaole had had an innate deficiency. She had thought that he would never be able to awaken the colored Three Flower Pupils. Now that they had awakened, she was even more emotional than Bai Xiaole.

“Those eyes are really beautiful. Xiaole, you’re growing more handsome,” praised Long Chen. The light in his eyes seemed to have Heavenly Dao energy flowing within it. Bai Xiaole’s talent was truly enviable.

Bai Xiaole was even more excited at obtaining Long Chen’s praise. He felt like his whole body was full of power.

His body was originally weak, but after the baptism of the heavenly tribulation, it was dozens of times stronger. Although it still only counted as average amongst ordinary disciples, to an eye cultivator, that was already very impressive.

A powerful physical body made his movements more agile, and he could form hand seals faster. He would also be able to avoid his enemies as he used his pupil arts, making things much safer for him.

When Bai Xiaole learned that the others had awakened and already entered the battlefield, his hands instantly got itchy. He wanted to fight as well.

However, both Long Chen and his mother told him no. Long Chen said, “You are different. You severely overdrafted your soul. Although you’ve recovered, your Spiritual Strength is still in a weak state.”𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Eye cultivators could be considered a type of soul cultivators. Bai Xiaole’s soul was so badly damaged this time that although he had recovered and his Spiritual Strength was exceptionally powerful now, it would be wise not to use his Spiritual Strength during this time. For the best results, he should wait until his Spiritual Strength reached max power.

Perhaps Bai Xaiole wouldn’t listen to his mother, but he didn’t dare to disobey Long Chen. He ran over just to cheer on the Bai Shishi and the others.

Now Long Chen arrived at the plaza and saw mountains of corpses piled up outside the barrier. The academy was almost buried in corpses.

As the disciples came out of seclusion, they all felt like they had inexhaustible energy. Then seeing an endless supply of devils to fight, they used them as training partners, slaughtering them.

All of them were full of inexhaustible energy, and they crazily slaughtered those devils. When they saw that they could easily kill those devils that had once filled them with fear, they were delighted. It almost drove them crazy, and they could barely contain their excitement.

If they did get tired from the training, they would return to the academy and rest for an hour or two before going back out again.

They used this fighting to solidify their realms and get accustomed to their new power. They were experiencing just how much they had progressed. It felt like they had completely transformed. This was a new era for them.

All the experts of the academy were watching. When they saw these disciples descend like a flock of wolves on these devils, they couldn’t help sighing. Once these disciples grew up, they would truly be amazing.

Having just advanced to the Divine Lord realm, they already possessed the power to fight Mortal tier Immortal King devils. That kind of combat power was astonishing.

If it was just one or two people with that power, it wouldn’t be strange. But for over ten thousand of them, disciples who were originally merely Primals without any shocking bloodlines or inheritances, to suddenly become such peerless heavenly geniuses completely toppled their understanding.

Seeing these fearless, unmatched disciples of the Luo family, Luo Changwu’s eyes reddened. If only his big brother and the rest of the seniors of the Luo family were here, they could celebrate together.

In the distance, they could see flashes of golden light. Wherever that golden light appeared, it created a line of death. Those devils were blasted out of existence.

They were unable to even see Bai Shishi’s figure. They merely saw flashes of light and splashes of blood. Her golden sword was unstoppable. Even the Battle God Palace’s Immortal Kings were stunned.

Bai Shishi’s mother watched proudly. After this tribulation, Bai Shishi would soar to the heavens.

Long Chen went out of the barrier too. Everyone thought that his hands had gotten itchy as well.

However, they saw him simply wave his hand and gather the mountains of corpses piled up around the academy. In just a few breaths’ time, the ground was cleared.

A waterfall of devil crystals came pouring out, forming a large hill. The devil crystals were the size of a baby’s fist. Just seeing so many of them at once dazzled people.

The academy had Elders taking inventory of them. That was money, and no small sum at that.

“If this continues, the seventh branch academy won’t be hurt at all. Instead, they’ll profit. They’re basically sending us money,” said Bai Shishi’s mother with a smile.

With Long Chen present, they didn’t need to work to clean up the battlefield. All the devil crystals were instantly taken out.

These devil crystals were valued at around a hundred thousand immortal king crystals. Counting how many immortal king crystals they had used up so far, they had essentially made up for their costs. If they continued killing, it would be profitable. It truly was a hell of a battle of attrition.

Suddenly, the void rumbled and mists covered the battlefield. After that, a terrible stench assaulted their noses. In the distance, countless large beasts came charging over to the academy.