Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3475 Stepping Onto a New Journey

The FengFu Star had absorbed all the medicinal energy spread throughout the 108,000 stars. It then cracked, and a layer of violet spots appeared on top of the FengFu Star.

Following that, it returned to calm. This tribulation pill’s vast energy only caused a few spots to appear on the FengFu Star, and that was it.

Last time, when Long Chen condensed the Nethergate Star, although the energy of the pills was also absorbed by the other five stars, such a thing had never occurred. Now, all the energy of the medicinal pill was fully absorbed by the FengFu Star. The other stars didn’t even get a trace of it. Moreover, no energy was used on condensing the actual Violet Tower Star. It was still nonexistent.

Long Chen then swallowed another pill. With his experience from last time, he didn’t suppress it. As a result, the 108,000 stars shook, and the medicinal energy was naturally drawn inside them.

Just like last time, the FengFu Star was like a whale sucking in water, absorbing all of that energy without giving a drop to the other stars.

Another few violet spots appeared on the FengFu Star, and Long Chen devoured close to a hundred pills just like that. The FengFu Star was covered in violet spots, but Long Chen wasn’t able to sense any change in himself at all.

Long Chen sighed dispiritedly. Although he had known that condensing the Violet Tower Star would use quite a few medicinal pills, he hadn’t expected a hundred of them to be consumed without even causing a ripple.

Long Chen clenched his teeth and continued consuming them. Two hundred… five hundred… one thousand…

All the three thousand Violet Tower Pills that he had were fully consumed. Now, the FengFu Star was covered in dense spots. The star that was originally a white blaze had now become violet.

The violet light was beautiful and mesmerizing. Just looking at it drew him into a fantasy land.

As it slowly circulated, Long Chen suddenly sensed that violet spots had appeared in his blood as well at some point.

Long Chen suddenly unleashed a punch. There was no gust of wind, but the entire room shuddered and countless defensive runes lit up. That was the reaction of the room being under immense pressure.

“This power…” Long Chen’s heart shook. The power of his Blood Qi hadn’t changed, but it seemed that a new power had appeared in his body. This power was something that he had never encountered before. He was unable to tell what it was, but it seemed to have great destructive power toward the laws of the world.

As for the violet spots in his blood, they seemed to have silently transformed his body, but he wasn’t able to control them.

“The Nine Star Master managed to beat the Ghost Sovereign. His cultivation technique is definitely unrivaled. Whatever, all I can do is follow my path.” Long Chen clenched his teeth and tried to comfort himself.

He knew that the slower the progress, the greater the Violet Tower Star must be. But he was truly afraid of the number of medicinal pills that he needed. He was unable to endure the expense.

He had only refined three thousand pills with all his ingredients. He had as many plant ingredients as he wanted, but when it came to the ingredients from demonic beasts and spirit beasts, it was difficult to obtain them in the quantities that he required.

Although Zheng Wenlong had told Long Chen that he would help him gather them, according to Zheng Wenlong’s estimate, the quantity of the ingredients would not surpass the last time.

The Darklight Heaven’s few major star-fields only had so many resources. Also, the ingredients that Long Chen required were rather rare. Some of them were very difficult to find.

In other words, when Zheng Wenlong once more sent Long Chen new ingredients, he would only be able to use them to refine another three thousand Violet Tower Pills. That was far too little compared to the amount that he needed.

It wasn’t that Zheng Wenlong was ineffective, but that the ingredients could not be produced by the Darklight Heaven. That was why they were so sparse.

However, Long Chen wasn’t worried. He was about to go to the Violet Flame Heaven. As long as he had money, he definitely wouldn’t be lacking resources.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

After he finished consuming the medicinal pills, he calmed himself, entering an empty-mind state. He carefully sensed the violet spots in his body and experienced their changes.

He immersed his mind inside one of those spots, magnifying it by a thousand times. After that, Long Chen was shocked to find that these spots had egg-like entities inside. They seemed like irregular eggs.

There was some mysterious energy slumbering inside these eggs, but that energy wasn’t something that he could estimate with his soul. It was very mysterious.

These slumbering eggs made Long Chen’s blood grow more active. As for the true dragon essence blood, it didn’t reject them. The two were not just getting along, but the dragon blood was also seemingly very active because of it.

The Nine Star Hegemon Body Art’s power was unimaginable. Long Chen was unable to understand, and so he didn’t bother wasting the effort to try.

Those violet spots seemed to be transforming his body in some way. Although he was unable to tell how exactly his body was being transformed, he believed that it would only make him stronger.

“I’ll have to quicken the pace!”

Looking at the empty spot that belonged to the Violet Tower Star, as well as the five stars that hadn’t even reacted at all, he sighed. They were like hungry wolves waiting for their turn.

He could see that condensing the Violet Tower Star would require satisfying the other six stars first. Otherwise, the medicinal energy wouldn’t go toward the Violet Tower Star.

In his battle against the Nine Underworld Luocha, although he had suppressed her, he had also seen her terrifying potential.

That Luocha manifestation actually possessed countless invisible tentacles that extended into the void. It was simply that the Nine Underworld Luocha was unable to activate those tentacles.

Although Long Chen didn’t know what those tentacles were for, they gave him a threatening feeling. That feeling was still fresh in his mind. Thus, he felt a powerful sense of crisis.

Long Chen had the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art, but other people also had their terrifying trump cards. Furthermore, the Nine Underworld Luocha was backed by the entire Nine Underworld Hall. Her realm was also higher than his. If she awakened her manifestation first, he would definitely be the one at a disadvantage.

That idiot Liao Bencang had actually managed to raise such a frightening existence. So, Long Chen refused to believe that a crafty fox like Enpuda wouldn’t have any true experts as subordinates. Compared to Liao Bencang, Long Chen was more afraid of that fat fox.

Through this battle, Long Chen also understood Enpuda and Liao Bencang’s true power. The power of an avatar was definitely less than a tenth of the true body. Fortunately, they were unwilling to pay the huge price to cross heavens personally, otherwise, even ten thousand lives wouldn’t be enough to survive that ordeal.

After seeing the difference in power, Long Chen’s fighting spirit was provoked. He was still young and had limitless potential. Time was his greatest weapon.

Long Chen then left his room and sat through a transportation formation to the Luo family. After that, he gave his two uncles two Heaven tier Heavenly Dao Fruits. That way, the Luo family would have two Heaven tier Immortal Kings standing guard, and their foundation would be even more stable.

He also left a large number of ordinary Heavenly Dao Fruit, doing his best to raise the Luo family’s disciples. Through this battle, he found that their potential was truly immense. Many of them had activated their violet blood, and that was almost equivalent to Dragon Blood Battle Armor. If the Luo family’s disciples were raised properly, they would become a very powerful army.

At the same time, Long Chen also looked after the academy. The Luo family’s medicinal pills were provided by the seventh branch academy. As his mother owed the Luo family a great deal, he would carry this burden.

Long Chen wasn’t hoping for the Luo family’s disciples to do anything for him. He was purely thinking about repaying the Luo family. Then he would feel a bit better inside.

Three days later, Long Chen’s mind, body, and spirit were in peak condition. Putting on a new set of black robes, with the Minghong Saber on his back, he silently left the seventh branch academy on his own.