Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3476 Giant Ship

Long Chen stealthily left without saying goodbye to anyone. But Bai Shishi, Bai Xiaole, Qin Feng, Qi Yu, Xu Zixiong, and the others who were close to him knew that he had left.

To avoid increasing any sad feelings, Long Chen didn’t want them to send him off. In this world, nothing was constant. Every time they parted, it could be forever. No matter how powerful someone was, they were afraid of goodbyes.

Having decided on his path, Long Chen could only continue down it. He couldn’t retreat. However, when he stealthily slipped away from the academy, he could sense pairs of eyes behind him watching the direction he left from some hidden corners.

Anyway, he could be at complete ease when it came to the seventh branch academy. Not to mention the protection of the main academy, even Bai Shishi alone was enough to stop their enemies.

Back then, she was already able to fight Jia Luo all alone. Furthermore, as time passed and she digested the inheritance of the master of the golden sword, she would continue getting stronger. It had to be known that this was an extraordinarily terrifying figure.

Long Chen sat through multiple transportation formations and quickly reached the border of the Empyrean Heaven Star-Field. After passing through the border, he took out a map and set off in the northwestern direction.

After another wild land, he saw another star-field, which was an endless desert. He couldn’t see any signs of civilization or any signs of wild beasts here.

Long Chen then spent a whole day flying without the scenery changing in the slightest. It was just sand. That feeling of isolation made him think of death.

At this moment, Long Chen squatted down and grabbed a fistful of sand. Sensing the endless time energy within, he sighed.

“The legend has it that this place was once a beautiful world of verdant hills and clear waters. There was abundant spiritual qi. But after a battle, it was turned into a land of death. Even after a trillion years, it has yet to recover. I wonder what kind of power can cause heaven and earth to wither like this. Even the Heavenly Daos are badly damaged.”

Long Chen knew that this sand was not natural. It was the result of a terrifying being causing such destruction that even the Heavenly Daos were affected, turning this place into a land of death.

A single person’s power had been enough to destroy this star-field. Just what kind of terrifying power did that require?

Back on the Martial Heaven Continent, Long Chen had encountered those who could control sand. But compared to this expert, there was simply no comparison.

The place Long Chen was standing at had some of that ancient aura. But so much time had passed that even using the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art to grasp the scars left and look back didn’t show Long Chen anything. He could only give up.

Long Chen continued on his way, still not sensing any signs of life. The Heavenly Daos were also listless. There was almost no spiritual qi here at all.

Using the Lightning Falcon race’s movement art, Long Chen’s wings tore through the air. He was like an ancient bird as his speed was pushed to the limit.

There were no mountains here, so he could fly without worrying about running into something. If someone was watching from a distance, they would only see a bolt of lightning streaking through the air and an endless dragon of sand flying out of the ground.

Long Chen flew for three days and nights before reaching the edge of this region. As he entered a new star-field, he finally saw some lifeforms. However, they were not humans, only some wild beasts.

Although there was some slight spiritual qi here, it was very sparse and not suitable for cultivation. Even the beasts couldn’t grow particularly big.

After passing through another star-field, occasionally checking his map to make sure that he was going in the right direction, Long Chen continued on. Without this map, going at such a wild speed, he would have long since gotten lost.

He flew for a whole month and passed through seven star-fields. Three areas were filled with death. Some of the star-fields had some strange laws that affected a person’s mind, and some of them had poison gas leaking. Even Immortal Kings could die to that poison if they stayed for too long.

After all, not everyone had Long Chen’s speed. An ordinary Immortal King would take a whole month traveling day and night just to cross a single star-field.

Furthermore, due to the lack of spiritual qi, some of these star-fields couldn’t even be crossed using flying boats. The meaning of the boat part meant that there needed to be water to cross, and the water here referred to spiritual qi. A world without spiritual qi could not be crossed by relying only on the flying boat’s formations and spirit stones. Thus, not many people possessed the ability to cross these star-fields.

Other than the Huayun Trading Company and the like who possessed special tools to cross such a world, few others could. But when Long Chen asked about it, he learned that the price was truly terrifying.

Thus, the Huayun Trading Company had to store up a certain amount of wares before crossing such an area. Otherwise, all the money would be lost just by crossing.

Long Chen was capable and had the guts to cross. He passed through so many star-fields all on his own.

It was only when he reached the eighth star-field that he finally felt a burst of spiritual qi. However, the density of the spiritual qi here was still a far cry from the Empyrean Heaven Star-Field.

Where there was spiritual qi, there was the human race. Also, there was one good thing about Long Chen coming here. No one recognized him and he was no longer the center of attention. That actually gave him a very safe feeling.

With the human race present in this area, everything was more convenient. He found a prefecture city, and after sitting through a few transportation formations, he arrived at the edge of this star-field in just half a day.

After passing through the barrier, he found that there were fewer lands and more islands. However, the human race had some difficulties living here. There were demonic beasts in the depths of the sea that threatened their lives.

This Shoreside Star-Field was filled with islands scattered about like stars in the sky. However, many islands were occupied by devil beasts. There were also many resting sea demons.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Only a small portion of these islands was occupied by the human race. In order to survive, they had no choice but to fight off sea demons that threatened their shores.

The legend was that the Shoreside Star-Field was once half land and half sea. After that battle of the desolate era, the land sank and the terrain changed, resulting in so many islands.

The cultivators here usually hunted sea demons and other demonic beasts, selling their corpses for money.

Long Chen’s goal was the largest island, called the Long Green Island. This island was actually a great deal larger than the Heavenly Swell Domain. It was also the island with the strongest defenses here.

“If I want to go to the Violet Flame Heaven, I have to pay quickly. The ship’s going to be here soon. If I miss it this time, I’ll have to wait three months for the next one.” Long Chen quickly rushed out of the transportation formation. He heard people shouting on the other side.

“Wow, did I really come at just the right time?”

Long Chen was delighted. He hadn’t expected his luck to be so good. Without waiting at all, he could get onto the ship.

When he said that he wanted to get onto the ship, someone immediately came to guide his way. But just guiding his way required a fee of one immortal king crystal.

The Immortal King who led Long Chen also explained various things to him and helped him handle some things. It was quite worth it. Long Chen then paid a hundred immortal king crystals as his fee for staying on the ship. Stepping onto the transportation formation, he appeared before a grand and enormous ship. Following that, he also saw a group of fiendish faces.

Favorite