Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3482

Most of the people on this ship had never even seen a half-step World King before. A figure on that level was a supreme existence to them.

However, such a figure had been executed right in front of them. Even having personally witnessed it, they didn’t dare to believe their eyes.

“This old man will take responsibility for this ingrate appearing in this company. I apologize to everyone.” The elder actually bowed toward everyone, frightening everyone into returning the bow.

The elder continued, “Old timers like us are too lazy. We didn’t discipline the children enough, resulting in someone damaging the reputation of the Soaring Dragon Company. This old man will take responsibility. Please give me a few days, and I will investigate this matter from start to end. I will definitely give everyone a just explanation. What does sir think about that?”

The last question was toward Long Chen.

Long Chen indifferently said, “I don’t care. The person who offended me, I already killed. As for the rest, it means nothing to me. As long as I can peacefully reach the Violet Flame Heaven, I can treat it as if nothing happened.”

The elder nodded and left with the others. Once those people were gone, everyone stared at Long Chen reverently. They hadn’t expected there to be such a terrifying existence hiding amongst them. Even World Kings were intimidated by him.

Most importantly, he was only in the Divine Lord realm. How did he possess such terrifying power? That probably exceeded the scope of simply being called a genius, no?

Seeing that even World Kings didn’t dare to push Long Chen, Bai Fang was delighted. This time, he really had found a reliable backer.

During the next few days, the Soaring Dragon Company sent people to return the immortal king crystals that they had paid.

At the same time, they activated the formation to expand the space on the low level. They now had a hundred times the space. In order to pressure everyone, that Immortal King scammer had compressed the space here.

That way, those that couldn’t endure living like this would pay more immortal king crystals for a middle level room. All that money entered the scammer’s pocket.

All the money that this person conned out of people was returned. Not only that, but due to the increased space, it was possible to take out beds and tents so that everyone could rest.

In order to repay everyone, they also activated the grand spirit gathering formation so that everyone could cultivate. Compared to their previous environment, it was like hell had become heaven.

People grew increasingly excited and repeatedly thanked Long Chen. They even gave Long Chen the greatest area for him to rest.

Long Chen didn’t reject them. In any case, there was plenty of space. He then took out a tent for himself, Bai Fang, and Bai Rui.

Although he had scared off the other side, he still warned the two of them not to leave his sight. At the very least, they couldn’t leave the low level. In any case, it would be best to avoid any accidents. Long Chen didn’t trust the Soaring Dragon Company.

After all, not every company was like the Huayun Trading Company. They at least had a bottom line. The only reason that the Soaring Dragon Company had conceded this time was because they saw that Long Chen wasn’t easy to provoke. That was why they were willing to pay the price of killing a half-step World King to placate his anger.

Long Chen’s guess was that this group was waiting until they reached the Violet Flame Heaven. They would probably have a heaven-compassing trap set up there for Long Chen. But he wasn’t afraid.

The next few days passed very calmly. The materials for the Violet Tower Pills were all used up, so Long Chen could only refine Divine Lord Pills.

The Divine Lord realm referred to four peaks merging into one, turning you into the lord of the land between the heavens. Meanwhile, the four peaks merging into one referred to four kinds of power that were pushed to the limit and then twisted into one solid rope. They could no longer be split again. After that, they would support each other for eternity. Once all your power merged together, you would have the power to lord over the land.

It could be said that the Divine Lord realm was a milestone realm in the immortal world. Only those who had set foot into the Divine Lord realm were qualified to roam the immortal world.

At the same time, this Divine Lord realm was a bit similar to the mortal world’s Bone Forging realm in the sense that the amount of medicinal pills used in this realm was appalling. When the four peaks merged and twisted together, their power grew crazily.

It was just like a person might only have limited power with one finger, but when all five fingers worked together to form a fist, they could unleash even greater power.

Other people had four kinds of power merging together within, but Long Chen had countless energies inside him. Hence, Long Chen required many times more pills than normal cultivators. It could only be described as an ocean’s worth.

Fortunately, there were several pill formulas for the Divine Lord Pill, and three of them were refined with only spiritual plants. As Long Chen had long since planted those ingredients in large numbers, it wasn’t difficult for him to start refining this pill.

However, after advancing to the Divine Lord realm, he had yet to fully accustom himself to his newfound power. If he didn’t first train his physical body and only pursued higher realms, it would cause his foundation to grow unsteady. Thus, even after all this time, Long Chen hadn’t even reached the first Heavenstage.

He found that his essence, qi, spirit, muscles, bones, blood, and flesh were all slowly growing. He had to wait until they were still before he could consume Divine Lord Pills.

However, while he couldn’t consume the pills, he could first refine them. Thus, the Demon Moon Furnace and the Moon and Star Refining Furnace were working day and night.

Long Chen himself didn’t need to do anything. Occasionally, he would chat a bit with Bai Fang and Bai Rui, answering their questions about cultivation. As a result, the entire ship’s people came to listen to him.

Long Chen was a Heaven Master of the academy. Thus, any areas that these people didn’t understand, he could easily answer. His profound learning made others prostrate themselves before him. They finally understood why Long Chen could be so terrifying at such a young age.

Occasionally, he would discuss the Dao with everyone, but the majority of his time, he liked to sit on the deck and listen to the wind blowing, watch the sun rise and the sun set, watch as the river of stars flows above him. The starry sky in particular drew him in. He felt hidden within the darkness.

Others felt fear of the dark. But for some reason, Long Chen was starting to like the feeling of being in the dark.

The ship calmly traveled for a month. On this night, heaven-shaking roars rang out and huge ripples appeared on the sea. The ship was actually thrown into the air.

As a result, the people on the ship cried out in shock. In the night sky, they saw countless lantern-like eyes surrounding the boat from all directions. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

“What is that?!” cried Bai Fang in terror.

“Deep sea fiend devils.”

As soon as these monsters appeared, Long Chen sensed their auras. It was a very familiar feeling.

That Immortal King scammer had said that there was a section of the devil sea to cross at the center. It seemed that they had reached that point. After they crossed the devil sea, they would officially enter the realm of the Violet Flame Heaven.

Suddenly, the flying boat quivered. Countless giant black things crawled up the ship, terrifying people.