Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3492

The name of Boss Long San soared out of the Evergreen Prefecture like a tsunami, crazily crashing toward every corner of the Violet Flame Heaven.

The cultivation world’s information network was efficient from the start. Even a small matter would be transmitted through secret channels, let alone something major.

However, rumors didn’t just have long legs; they also grew wings. As people passed the information down from mouth to mouth, people would say it according to their own style, adding some of their own details to describe what had happened.

If every person added a single word, then through countless transmissions, the information would be distorted countless times, with countless different stories arising.

A quick look at tinyurl.com/2p9emv8w will leave you more fulfilled.

However, two things stayed constant throughout the variations. One was that a young man named Boss Long San had controlled a Ghost Ship and crashed it into the Evergreen Prefecture’s shore, destroying the port of the Soaring Dragon Company that had been standing for countless years.

The second was that afterward, with an initial Divine Lord cultivation base, that Boss Long San destroyed the Soaring Dragon Company’s headquarters in the Evergreen Prefecture, slaying over forty World Kings of the Soaring Dragon Company and destroying the physical bodies of over a hundred World Kings. In the end, he even made a third Heavenstage World King flee.

That was the foundation of the rumors. The majority of that didn’t change. But there were a great deal of changes made to Boss Long San’s origins and motives.

He was definitely young. Although they hadn’t tested his age, his spiritual fluctuations were exceptionally intense. With just a glance, his age clearly did not surpass thirty years old.

To reach the Divine Lord realm before thirty was not rare in the Violet Flame Heaven. However, for him to possess the power to fight a third Heavenstage World King was absolutely terrifying.

People all made guesses about his origins. As a result, with everyone randomly guessing, in order to make their own guesses more likely, many people came up with their own lines of logic.

Hence, there were countless versions of Boss Long San’s origins. Some figures of the era of legends were even dragged into these guesses. Some people said that he was the disciple of some almighty figure. That was because some major figures liked to wear black robes as well.

Some also said that he had obtained some inheritance from the era of legends. His divine ring manifestation was very similar to certain ancient manifestations.

Some even described him as an existence from the dark world, otherwise, how could he control a Ghost Ship? In any case, there were truly many rumors.

As a result, Boss Long San became a legendary and mythical figure. As for his motive in attacking the Soaring Dragon Company, quite a few people had heard him say that he came for revenge.

He said something about getting justice for millions of departed souls, and it made countless people ponder just what the truth was. Some said that he was simply making an excuse to plunder the Soaring Dragon Company. Others countered those rumors, saying that if he dared to so openly plunder the Soaring Dragon Company, why would he bother finding an excuse? There was probably some secret in this.

Boss Long San’s name rapidly spread. Furthermore, the Soaring Dragon Company had announced a bounty for him. Anyone who reported a clue of his whereabouts would be thanked with a large sum from the Soaring Dragon Company. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Countless people wanted to find Boss Long San. Some wanted the money, but more wanted to see just what kind of appearance this mysterious Boss Long San had.

Back in the port, due to the Ghost Ship, no one had dared to activate a photographic jade for fear of karma.

In the Evergreen Prefecture, the strong hadn’t thought of activating a photographic jade, and the weak had activated some, but due to not having powerful formations, the images recorded were twisted. Even the figures of the people became indistinct, so they were unable to see what kind of appearance Long Chen had.

More and more people were finding Boss Long San to be curious. Along the streets, within restaurants, Boss Long San’s name was everywhere.

…

“Fuck, how enraging.”

BOOM!

Long Chen punched apart a boulder, his expression ugly. He had almost managed to slay a third Heavenstage World King. But now his hatred had nowhere to go.

However, with his current power, fighting against a third Heavenstage World King was very tough.

If it hadn’t been for the help of Lei Linger and Huo Linger, and if it weren’t for the Minghong Saber being powerful enough, he wouldn’t have been able to beat that old fellow.

A third Heavenstage World King was already so terrifying. Then what about a fourth Heavenstage World King? That would be a mid stage World King, and their power would be completely different. If Long Chen had to fight one, he would probably only be able to flee for his life.

That wasn’t mentioning ancient existences like Enpuda and Liao Bencang that had made a name for themselves countless years ago. Their cultivation bases were at the very peak of the World King realm.

Long Chen knew too little about the World King realm. Today, he had gained some experience on just how great the differences were between its Heavenstages.

Long Chen had fled to a desolate mountain. After he had rested for a bit, his anger gradually settled.

Long Chen suddenly bitterly smiled. It seemed that he was being a bit too greedy. Although he hadn’t killed that dark-faced fellow in the end, he had killed so many people. Moreover, he had destroyed their port and one of their strongholds. If anyone should be angry, it should be them. Why was he angry? Wasn’t that foolish?

Long Chen took a deep breath and lazily leaned against a rock, looking at the white clouds moving along the blue sky. His mood gradually returned to normal.

Long Chen thought back to what had happened. There was definitely some terrifying existence hidden beneath the Devil Sea. It had released him because of his Ghost Sovereign mark.

That terrifying existence was definitely related to the Ghost Sovereign. Furthermore, the Soaring Dragon Company had sacrificed countless travelers to that terrifying existence, so they were also connected. There was very likely some heaven-shaking secret hidden within it.

However, this secret had actually been discovered by him. In order to keep it secret, the Soaring Dragon Company would not let him go, even if it hadn’t been for the matter of the Ice Soul Divine Jade.

“I’ve already crossed heavens, but my bad luck follows me. When will these unlucky days come to an end?” Long Chen sighed. Although he said that he had gotten used to his bad luck, this unending bad luck was still a bit irritating.

He had come to the Violet Flame Heaven and hoped to secretly enter the holy land of the Nine Underworld Hall to destroy their strange mirror. But now, it was impossible. It wouldn’t be long before Boss Long San’s name would spread throughout the entire Violet Flame Heaven. How was he supposed to sneak anywhere?

Based on normal logic, he should have first set this matter aside and thought of some way of sneaking into the Nine Underworld Hall’s holy land to destroy the mirror. And only afterward could he get revenge for Bai Fang and Bai Rui. After all, this was a matter that related to the lives of countless nine star heirs.

However, at that time, Long Chen had only been thinking about revenge. There had been nothing else that he considered, and his intelligence had entered a state of hibernation.

Despite that, he didn’t regret it. He knew that he was unable to act in such a way. Even if he was given a hundred other chances, he would still have done this. If he didn’t vent this, he would suppress himself to death.

Now that he had calmed down and tidied his thoughts, he spent some time recovering. His wounds weren’t bad, but he had used up the energy of his spiritual yuan and divine flames. He would need to spend some time resting.

As he rested, he took out the Ice Soul Divine Jade. He then looked at the beautiful snowflake sealed inside.

“The eighth rank Heavenly Flame, the Ice Soul Divine Flame. Let me see your true power!”

Long Chen dripped a drop of essence blood on the divine jade. His Spiritual Strength then constructed eighty-one runes on the surface.

After that, the snowflake inside the jade quivered ever so slightly, and a burst of bone-chilling cold erupted all of a sudden. The mountain that Long Chen was on instantly became encased in ice.