Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3497

Long Chen headed toward the Chaotic Star Sea. It wasn’t to run, but because the place that he was in didn’t have the Huayun Trading Company. He had stolen so much, but he was unable to exchange what he had taken for what he needed.

The other aspect was that the Chaotic Star Sea had the second hall of the Nine Underworld Hall.

The Nine Underworld Hall had countless branches. Although they didn’t have as many as the Bloodkill Hall, they were still spread throughout the land.

The Nine Underworld Hall had nine major halls, numbered one to nine. They were the nine largest halls, overseeing all the branch halls within the nine heavens and ten lands.

The Nine Underworld Hall’s second hall was found within the Violet Flame Heaven’s Chaotic Star Sea. Furthermore, beneath the second hall’s foundation stone lay an ancient mirror that reflected the entire world. Whether it was the immortal world or the mortal world, everything was under its purview.

This mirror was called the Devil Peering Mirror. The devil that it referred to was the nine star heirs. The Nine Underworld Hall, the Bloodkill Hall, the Martial God Hall, and the Sacred Pill Hall all treated nine star heirs as devils, pushing them to a position opposing all humanity.

It was said that public opinion was powerful enough to melt metal. Perhaps if one person or a hundred people said something, it wouldn’t have any power. But when millions and millions of people said the same thing, and it was said for millions of years over and over again, the nine star heirs were gradually turned into devils. Many people were imperceptibly influenced to feel like nine star heirs were devils that would topple the world.

The Devil Peering Mirror was a priceless treasure that the Nine Underworld Hall used to hunt down nine star heirs. With it, they could easily discover nine star heirs. Once they were found, a large group of Nine Underworld Hunters would be sent to kill them.

Long Chen’s greatest goal in coming to the Violet Flame Heaven was to destroy this hateful mirror. He would blind the Nine Underworld Hall’s eyes.

The Violet Flame Heaven was gigantic. Just crossing a single star-field took him almost half a month. Furthermore, when he reached the Chaotic Star Sea, he actually had to sit on a world-crossing flying boat.

The world-crossing flying boat was specifically used for crossing the barrier between worlds. This time, Long Chen asked first, and it was only once he learned that it didn’t belong to the Soaring Dragon Company that he got on it.

As the flying boat passed through the sea of stars, Long Chen could see currents flowing around the boat. These currents were like heavenly rivers, leaving this star-field in chaos.

This was Long Chen’s first time on a world-crossing flying boat. It was all his first time above the heavens watching the river of stars below him. Through the window on the flying boat, he could clearly see the chaotic star clouds outside.

Long Chen had long since learned that every time he crossed world domains, he would enter a different star. But because his body was in it, he didn’t know the appearance of a world if it was contained.

Only now did he realize that while stars might look far off, due to the laws of two worlds growing close, space would twist. When they were close, there were invisible paths that were easy to pass through.

On the other hand, some stars seemed near, but due to possessing different laws, traveling between them was impossible. Despite being almost within reach, they were as far as the other side of the world.

To go to such a place, it was necessary to detour across other stars. A distance that looked close might not necessarily be close. Sometimes, the closest path between two points wasn’t always a straight line.

Thankfully, many flying boats were carrying people to the Chaotic Star Sea. It was very convenient. Although the Soaring Dragon Company had targeted Long Chen with a sky-high bounty, there was nothing stopping Long Chen from coming and going through any city.

Although the Soaring Dragon Company was enormous, they were businessmen, so they didn’t have such authority. Thus, Long Chen had some understanding of the Soaring Dragon Company and wasn’t afraid of them. If he could beat them, he’d fight. If he couldn’t, then he’d run. In any case, with his speed, no one could catch up to him. They were powerless.

The flying boat quickly descended into a chaotic flow of the star-field. The flying boat stopped, and then it slowly drifted with the waves of a strange power. Through several days on that current, they safely reached the edge of a star.

Once they were close to the star, the river of stars in the sky appeared once more. Influenced by the laws of the world, they could only see the world before them.

The flying boat stopped in an ancient city. The city wasn’t large, but it was a busy place. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

On the flying boat, an expert kindly warned everyone to be cautious now that they had entered the chaotic region. They shouldn’t easily trust others, or they could easily lose their lives.

The Chaotic Star Sea was called that due to two things. One was that this star-field was in a special spot. The chaotic current of the nine heavens crossed each other here, resulting in the Heavenly Daos here being chaotic.

The other reason was due to this place being lawless. All kinds of large races had stations here, and even some of the dark world’s lifeforms occasionally appeared. Thus, this place was particularly disorderly.

Other than the territories protected by supreme sects, the other places were completely lawless. It was a bit similar to the Vile Dragon Domain. But when the two were compared, the Vile Dragon Domain couldn’t be counted for anything.

The Chaotic Star Sea had the human race, demonic beasts, beast races, spirit races, devil races, Nether races, and even experts of the Undying race. Legend had it that even extremely mysterious experts of the Ghost Dao would appear.

Also, the Chaotic Star Sea’s position was particularly special. This was a mixed land, with all kinds of powers weaving through this place. These powers brought with them special laws of the Heavenly Daos.

Metal, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, lightning, light, dark…countless energies piled on top of each other here. Thus, the experts here began to keep track of where these powers would flare and calculate when the next eruptions would be, as well as the scale of the eruptions.

As a result, people could choose the right locations and times for their own cultivation here.

In the past few years in particular, people were drawn over. Every tens of thousands of years, there would be an energy storm that drew over countless monsters. These monsters all had very odd tempers. Without saying a word, they would start a slaughter.

Thus, the Chaotic Star Sea was an ancient place but didn’t actually possess many ancient buildings. That was because large battles often erupted here. While the Chaotic Star Sea could be considered a wonderful heaven, it could also be considered hell.

Whether it was heaven or hell depended on a person’s power. That senior kindly warned them, saying that the Chaotic Star Sea was unfathomably deep. Those who drowned were always those that thought themselves strong swimmers.

When everyone got off the boat, they ignored the people that came to greet them. Those were not good people. Once they started a conversation with them, it would bring endless trouble. They might even lose their lives.

“Friend, let me explain the map of the Chaotic Star Sea.”

“Brother, this is the latest news on the energy fields here. No matter what kind of cultivator you are, you’ll find what you need.”

“Brothers, I see that you’re especially talented. Your bones are marvelous. My Ardent Sun Gang is recruiting new talent. If you join our Ardent Sun Gang, you will definitely be able to eat good food and drink strong drinks.”

Long Chen couldn’t even be bothered to pay attention to these people. He pushed through this crowd, heading straight toward the transportation formation.

“Aiya!”

Suddenly, a woman let out a sharp cry and fell into Long Chen’s embrace. He was startled and about to push her off when she broke out into curses.

“Are you blind? You dare to take advantage of me?!”