Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3501

When the FengFu Star’s violet qi merged with the 108,000 stars, a layer of violet mist also appeared on top of the 108,000 stars.

Search tinyurl.com/2p9emv8w for the original.

The barren star sea was now filled with violet qi spots, becoming even more beautiful and mysterious.

As the 108,000 stars were nourished by the violet qi, they began to thrum with the rhythm of life. Every star seemed to be undergoing an awakening.

This was Long Chen’s first time feeling like the cores of the 108,000 stars were creating life. They were like tiny seeds that were being summoned. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

“Starry Sea Births Violet Qi!”

For some reason, Long Chen actually shouted out such a thing. Furthermore, the moment he did so, his 108,000 stars were like soldiers of an army that had just heard an imperial edict. Endless power gushed out of them.

Long Chen jumped in shock and hastily suppressed the 108,000 stars. The violet star sea within his divine ring also slowly faded.

“Is this the name of my manifestation?”

Long Chen was shocked. In the mortal world, only supreme manifestations had their own names. Whereas in the immortal world, only manifestations that had obtained the recognition of heaven and earth could have their own names. Ever since arriving in the immortal world, he had never heard of anyone with a named manifestation.

Also, this name wasn’t created by himself but something that existed innately. When the manifestation was born, the master’s mind would naturally speak its name. It was the manifestation telling its name to the master.

“Haha, so I actually have my own manifestation!”

Long Chen was delighted. The seventh star, the Violet Tower Star, had yet to even condense, but his manifestation had appeared. It seemed that the seventh star was truly amazing.

However, Long Chen didn’t dare to summon his manifestation yet. His violet qi was too sparse. It seemed that summoning it now was out of the question.

The 108,000 stars were embryos in a hazy state. He was worried that if he used their power in this state, it would affect their future growth.

However, just now, Long Chen had felt an unprecedented power. He knew that when his manifestation appeared, even if it was in its current state, the power it would give him would far surpass the Six Star Battle Armor.

Right now, only the FengFu Star had transformed. He was unable to imagine what would happen if the Alioth, Life Fate, and other stars also transformed, and then the Violet Tower Star condensed. With them all supporting each other, what kind of transformation would they bring him? Long Chen was filled with anticipation.

After all these days of refining, Huo Linger could already refine pills with the Demon Moon Furnace and the Moon and Star Refining Furnace, all without Long Chen’s help

Furthermore, Long Chen had gradually grown accustomed to his new cultivation base and was starting to consume Divine Lord Pills to reach higher realms.

Long Chen only consumed the pills that he refined himself. The rest of the pills that he had, he didn’t touch a single one. They were all traded to the Huayun Trading Company.

The Huayun Trading Company truly was impressive. They helped him gather a huge amount of medicinal ingredients. Long Chen estimated that they would be enough to refine another five hundred thousand Violet Tower Pills.

However, Long Chen knew that this definitely wasn’t enough. He was still missing a great deal. Hence, Long Chen entrusted the Huayun Trading Company with helping him gather more.

Qi Fang herself was shocked. It had to be known that she had essentially emptied the stocks of these ingredients in all the shops of the Huayun Trading Company in the Violet Flame Heaven. However, there was no way they could completely empty their stores. Having nothing to sell was a taboo for merchants.

But for Long Chen, the Huayun Trading Company only kept the tiniest bits for themselves. The rest were all traded to Long Chen. And yet, it still wasn’t enough.

When Qi Fang asked Long Chen how much he needed, he said that he needed at least three times what she had gathered, causing her to suck in a cold gasp of air.

Qi Fang could only say that she would help him think of a way. Long Chen felt like they could always buy more ingredients from others, but Qi Fang said that gathering these ingredients in such quantities would definitely cause the price to skyrocket. Some other merchants might even intentionally stock up on them just to drive the price higher and make a profit.

Furthermore, many forces like the Soaring Dragon Company were intentionally targeting the Huayun Trading Company. They would definitely not allow the Huayun Trading Company to do as they pleased. Then it would be even harder to gather these ingredients.

Money. Long Chen was already indifferent to it. In any case, all his money was snatched from others. If it ran out, he would go snatch some more. The question was how to gather those ingredients, the faster the better.

In the end, Qi Fang decided to first use secret means to see how much she could gather. Once she couldn’t gather any more with this means, she would raise the price.

During this time, Qi Fang asked Long Chen what attitude he had toward the Soaring Dragon Company. Was he planning on borrowing the Huayun Trading Company’s power to make the scandal of the Soaring Dragon Company known to the public?

However, Long Chen shook his head. Now still wasn’t the time. If they were to announce it now, the Soaring Dragon Company would simply toss out some scapegoats, pushing all the responsibility onto them. Then they would spend some money, hiring some people to prove their innocence, and everything would be solved.

That would be letting them off far too easily. In any case, Long Chen had the proof in his hands. On the Soaring Dragon Company’s ship, he had kept a photographic jade activated in the primal chaos space to record everything he saw.

With this proof, Long Chen wasn’t afraid. Right now, he was treating the Soaring Dragon Company as a money tree. Whenever he ran out of money, he would shake it a bit and see what came out.

Long Chen was relaxed. He could go loot them whenever he wanted. But if instead he announced this matter to everyone and the Soaring Dragon Company washed away their sins, he would have no reason to attack them. It would be cutting off his own path to wealth.

When Qi Fang heard Long Chen’s thoughts, she was dumbfounded. But she loved it.

As for Long Chen, he also asked Qi Fang about the attitude of the higher-ups of the Huayun Trading Company. She said that the higher-ups wanted to hear Long Chen’s opinions. Later on, they really did listen to his opinions and then simply continued to carry out their business peacefully.

Long Chen had gained the most complete information on the Violet Flame Heaven from Qi Fang. He then read up on this place’s history, as well as the origins of some sects and major powers.

Only then did Long Chen learn just how much more complicated the Violet Flame Heaven was compared to what he had thought. There were numerous ancient inheritances. The peace on the surface was hiding an unknown number of major figures.

Long Chen also found the location of the Nine Underworld Hall. Just as he had expected, they occupied their own territory, and that territory that they had taken over was called the Nine Underworld Island.

The exterior was a sea of mist, a land of chaotic currents. It was all too easy to get lost there. Adding on some maze formations, no one else dared to approach that area.

The misty sea was a trial region for the Nine Underworld Hall’s disciples. Countless disciples were hidden there, killing each other and fighting over the spots to get promoted.

It was the most treacherous training ground. Those who entered would become prey for them to assassinate. Ever since the Nine Underworld Hall had occupied the Nine Underworld Island, no outsiders had entered. Thus, no one outside the Nine Underworld Hall knew the situation inside.

“This is a bit troublesome. I’m no expert at formations. It seems that I need to find Xia Chen first.”

Long Chen was a layman when it came to formations. Even if he was powerful, this was one of the Nine Underworld Hall’s nine major halls. His power would be like an egg being thrown against a rock against it. He would need to take a better approach when it came to this matter.

However, other than the Nine Underworld Island, there were many other areas that moved him. One of them was the ruins of the Starry River Palace. Legend had it that the Starry River Palace’s inherited cultivation technique was also called the Starry River of the Sky Art.

This discovery gave him a rush of excitement. After informing the Huayun Trading Company, he directly set off for the ruins of the Starry River Palace.