Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3503

“Starry River Hangs in the Sky! Isn’t that the manifestation that can only be awakened when the Starry River of the Sky Art is trained to its highest realm?!”

Countless experts stared at the star diagram in the sky emotionally. The majority here were cultivators of the Starry River of the Sky Art.

Some of them had reached the peak of the Immortal King realm. However, it was there that their cultivation paths came to an end. They could see a path ahead of them, but the path was broken and they couldn’t cross.

Cultivating the Starry River of the Sky Art had changed their lives. There was no need to doubt its power. In the same realm, with the same aptitude, those who cultivated the Starry River of the Sky Art were almost all excellent figures of their generation.

It was unknown just how many people had been forced by circumstances to change their fates with this technique despite knowing that their future paths would be severed.

Anyone capable of taking the first step would essentially be on an extraordinary path. Although their cultivation path would be thorny and surrounded by dangers, the Starry River of the Sky Art would bring them endless power.

Perhaps it could be said that everything they currently had was given to them by the Starry River of the Sky Art. Hence, although they had managed to get through their past crisis, even though there was still time for them to change cultivation techniques, they were unwilling.

They didn’t wish to abandon the Starry River of the Sky Art. Countless cultivators of the Starry River of the Sky Art had come to the Violet Flame Heaven just to comprehend the runes and diagrams on these stone stairs. They hoped that it would connect the path forward for them.

Countless experts had even spent their entire lifetimes here. They were willing to throw away their cultivation, letting their cultivation bases stay the same as they grew old and eventually died of old age rather than changing cultivation techniques.

Some people had tried climbing the nine stairs, but when they stepped onto the first stair, the star in their body would crack. Some of them even directly blew up.

Later on, people came to theorize that the stone steps were a warning left to the heirs of the Starry River of the Sky Art. To step on the stairs was to disrespect the Starry River of the Sky Art. The stone steps were for comprehending, not for climbing.

However, today, Long Chen had climbed them up. Seeing the starry river manifestation, everyone was filled with emotion. Some of them even wept.

It was at this time that countless experts came flooding out of the rest of the ruins to gather here. There were millions of them.

The majority of these people were cultivators of the Starry River of the Sky Art. Many of them were already old, on the verge of having their longevity run out. But they had still come and were even more emotional than the others. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Someone had activated the starry river manifestation. Did that not signify that the Starry River of the Sky Art had been inherited in its complete form?

“Senior, how did you do this?” asked an elder with a quivering voice. He was an Immortal King. Despite his old age, he still called Long Chen senior respectfully.

Long Chen then waved his hand to everyone, indicating for them to be silent. After that, he looked up at that star diagram. His mind was immersed within it, comprehending its profundities.

Seeing that, people didn’t even dare to breathe loudly. The starry river manifestation hung in the sky, covering the dome of the heavens. As a result, countless experts descended upon this place. Even World Kings appeared.

The starry river above the heavens seemed to be transforming according to some mysterious law. It seemed alive, showing something to everyone. Even those unfamiliar with the Starry River of the Sky Art knew that it was definitely showing some high level law.

Suddenly, the starry river quivered and the stars gradually dimmed until they vanished. The world returned to its original appearance, but now the ruins were packed with people. Everyone’s gaze concentrated on Long Chen.

“Senior, can you tell us how you did this?” asked an elder emotionally.

All the cultivators of the Starry River of the Sky Art were filled with longing. They all viewed Long Chen as the hope for their futures.

“Sir, did you see the complete inheritance of the Starry River of the Sky Art?” asked a second Heavenstage World King. Quite a few World Kings were starting to slowly approach Long Chen. Some were even so wanton as to lock onto him with their Spiritual Strength.

Clearly, these World Kings had also seen the clues. If Long Chen had seen the complete inheritance of the Starry River of the Sky Art, then whoever obtained this secret might be able to create another Starry River Palace.

The Starry River of the Sky Art’s reputation was too great. Although it currently could only be cultivated to the Immortal King realm, countless people were still willing to cut off their future paths just to cultivate it. The Starry River of the Sky Art was just that strong.

“That’s right, I obtained the full inheritance of the Starry River of the Sky Art,” said Long Chen indifferently.

An uproar exploded amongst the people. He actually admitted to it? Did he not want his life any longer?

“Amazing. Heroes truly do appear amongst the youth. At such a young age, you already ran into such an opportunity. Young friend, come to my Seven Star Gate. I’ll give you the position of deputy gate master,” said a second Heavenstage World King.

“What a stingy person. Deputy gate master? How laughable. Young friend, come to my Magnificent Clear Dao Sect. I will abdicate the position of sect master to you,” said a skinny elder.

These two experts were major figures. But now, they were fighting over Long Chen and clashing with each other. What they wanted was not Long Chen; it was the Starry River of the Sky Art.

“Senior, don’t listen to them. Since you’ve obtained the complete inheritance of the Starry River of the Sky Art, can’t you rebuild the Starry River Palace? All of us would be willing to follow you as palace master. Let us work hard together to restore the Starry River Palace to its former glory,” shouted a cultivator.

“That’s right, we’re willing to follow you to death!” declared a cultivator of the Starry River of the Sky Art.

They all viewed Long Chen as their last hope. If Long Chen was taken away and refused to teach them, they would still be stuck at their current bottlenecks.

They didn’t know what had happened, but they had witnessed the starry river manifestation. They could all see that it had told Long Chen something, but they were unable to see what it was.

If Long Chen was willing to teach them, then their future prospects would be opened. But if Long Chen didn’t want to, then their journey would essentially stop here.

They were seeing more and more World Kings step forward. They extended invitations to Long Chen, but from their ominous gazes and occasional spiritual fluctuations, it was clear that they were sending him spiritual transmissions. Most likely, they were threatening him.

However, even the strongest cultivator of the Starry River of the Sky Art here was merely an Immortal King. How were they supposed to fight these World Kings? They were fraught with worry.

At this moment, Long Chen narrowed his eyes. Several people had started to threaten him once their bait failed, irritating him.

Suddenly, the void shuddered and several figures appeared in front of Long Chen, reaching out to capture him. They had actually chosen to forcibly drag him away. Hence, startled cries rang out.

As a result, a blood-colored light slashed through the air, and six figures were cut into twelve pieces.

Those twelve pieces then fell to the ground with a light sound. Everyone was dumbfounded.

Right now, the Minghong Saber returned to its sheath with a light sound, like a hammer striking people’s hearts.

“Who else wants the complete inheritance of the Starry River of the Sky Art?” Long Chen acted like he had done something completely inconsequential. He flicked off some dust on his robes, looking around indifferently.