Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3506

That one star was the star in Long Chen’s body, and the other was a true star in the far-off starry sky.

The Starry River of the Sky Art allowed a person to condense a star diagram. However, within this star diagram, not every star was a true living entity.

According to the Starry River of the Sky Art’s principles, all those who cultivated the Starry River of the Sky Art could awaken at least nine stars.

Once the nine stars were awakened, using those nine stars, you had to find the corresponding stars above the nine heavens, forming a connection with them. Then the stars would not just be above the nine heavens but also within your body. You would borrow the power of the stars above the heavens for your own use.

However, within the long river of history, the Starry River of the Sky Art’s most crucial aspect was lost. People could only condense the stars but had lost the method for finding the corresponding stars of the heavens and drawing them to themselves.

Although those who condensed their own stars could look down on others within the same realm at the start, by the time that they reached the late Immortal King realm, being unable to draw out astral energy from above the heavens meant that their cultivation had reached an end. They would never be able to advance again.

Having obtained the key principle of the Starry River of the Sky Art, Long Chen finally understood its essence. Furthermore, now, he also understood a portion of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art’s principles.

Based on the Starry River Sage’s principle, the Starry River of the Sky Art’s limit was awakening nine hundred and ninety-nine stars. Furthermore, the starry river was to give them enough room to move around.

If someone tried to awaken a thousand stars, when those one thousand stars circulated, the astral power would exceed the limits, and that person’s body would explode.

The Starry River Sage had precisely lost his life due to pushing the Starry River of the Sky Art to its limit. However, he was truly a genius. He had managed to feel its limit and passed down a world-shaking cultivation technique.

It could be said that the Starry River of the Sky Art was a simplification of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art. Despite being simplified, it still possessed such divine power that it could shake heaven and earth. When Long Chen’s star formed a bridge with the star above the nine heavens, Long Chen clearly sensed an unending stream of energy entering his body. This was an extremely powerful energy.

However, he didn’t dare to draw in too much to test his potential. That was because he was in the process of condensing the Violet Tower Star. Violet qi had appeared throughout his star sea, and it was nourishing those stars, causing them to undergo a transformation. He didn’t dare to disturb them.

There was no rush. First, he tried to sense the other stars. He found the second and then tried to sense the third. However, searching for those stars had to be done with a calm heart. The heart had to be like water. It was the easiest to find the first star, but the second was a bit more difficult.

A quick look at tinyurl.com/2p9emv8w will leave you more fulfilled.

Long Chen didn’t dare to meditate here. However, he still made huge gains. At the very least, he knew how to draw in astral energy and was no longer feeling around blindly.

The limit of the Starry River of the Sky Art was nine hundred and ninety-nine stars. But he had 107,999 stars to use. He had no idea what kind of power that would unleash.

However, he knew that the greater the power, the greater the burden on the body. If he wanted to control that kind of power, he had to grow strong enough first.

The Starry River of the Sky Art allowed Long Chen to see the tip of the iceberg of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art. He was growing increasingly confident. Furthermore, with the Starry River of the Sky Art as a cover, his status as a nine star heir would be covered up even better.

Suddenly, a flame war chariot flew above Long Chen’s head, leaving behind a long fire trail that was like a dragon. Long Chen was startled.

“That’s a World Domain war chariot!”

There were four flying boats flying alongside the war chariot as guards, and they were covered in runes. As they exuded powerful pressure, it was a shocking lineup.

It had to be known that World Domain divine items were created from extracting the core of a world domain. This kind of material was exceptionally precious, resulting in the divine items being very rare. Even amongst World Kings, Long Chen hadn’t seen anyone using them.

Long Chen was a mortal enemy of the Soaring Dragon Company. However, even those third Heavenstage World Kings sent to capture him weren’t using World Domain divine items.

To use such precious materials to create a war chariot was truly luxurious. If it was used to create World Domain divine weapons, there would probably be enough material to make over ten of them. Just what kind of figure was qualified to sit in such a war chariot?

Suddenly, a fiery golden crow flew through the air, unleashing such terrifying heat energy that the void twisted. It then vanished in the blink of an eye.

“What powerful flame energy! That’s probably an amazing divine beast.” Long Chen was startled. This golden crow possessed pure flame energy that gave him a sense of immense pressure.

Most shocking of all, this golden crow was just like him, only in the Divine Lord realm. But the pressure that it gave him exceeded that of third Heavenstage World Kings.

“Amazing. The Chaotic Star Sea is truly filled with hidden dragons and crouching tigers.” Long Chen’s heart shook. They all said that the Chaotic Star Sea was filled with countless terrifying monsters, but those monsters rarely showed themselves. Once they did appear though, they could flip the entire Chaotic Star Sea.

“The direction that they’re going…” Long Chen hastily took out a map and checked where they were going.

“This path leads to the Dragon Blaze Prefecture. That’s a chaos domain where flame energy converges. Could it be… something has occurred there?” Long Chen was moved.

Just then, he saw another streak of light in the distance, seemingly shooting toward the Dragon Blaze Prefecture as well. That light was moving shockingly fast.

“I must take a look.”

Long Chen smelled an extraordinary scent and immediately set off. However, he chose not to fly in a straight line, because if he went in a straight path, he would run into several chaotic regions. Without a powerful flying boat or war chariot, it would be all too easy to get sucked into one of those chaotic currents.

Knowing how bad his luck was, Long Chen chose to avoid that. If he fell into one of those currents, he wouldn’t even have a place to cry.

So, Long Chen chose to use transportation formations. Through multiple transportation, after almost half a day, he finally arrived at the Dragon Blaze Prefecture.

As soon as he arrived and walked out, dense flame energy washed over him.

He immediately saw two experts fighting just due to an argument.

The guards of the city then came forward to advise them, but the two of them refused to listen, even beating the guards. As a result, the two of them were detained by those guards after being beaten black and blue.

The people nearby seemed to have gotten used to such a thing. The flame energy here was pulsing strongly, and the people were mostly flame cultivators. Their tempers were naturally explosive. With just one wrong word, they might start fighting.

Long Chen had just arrived when quite a few people stared at him. One fellow probably found Long Chen displeasing, feeling like his gaze was provoking, so he directly rushed at Long Chen, only to be slapped to the ground by Long Chen. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

BOOM!

Suddenly, a powerful explosion came from the distance. Everyone rushed over to take a look, only to see a giant covered in flames patting some dust off of his body. He came out of a hole in the ground.

Long Chen eyed him and was startled.

“Lava Giant race?