Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3526

BOOM!

Suddenly, the void exploded and a giant figure appeared in the sky. It was a three-foot golden crow that had spread its wings, covering heaven and earth. It was like a blazing sun illuminating the heavens.

“Hahaha, the Heavenly Flame World is about to open! All the Heavenly Flame Spirits are mine! My Golden Crow race will once more climb to the peak of the ten thousand races!”

Wu Yang’s voice rang out. He then transformed into a giant Golden Crow, flames burning around his body, giving off shocking pressure.

The Three-Foot Golden Crow was said to be the son of the sun, so his manifestation was precisely a blazing sun. Also, the Golden Crow Flame was ranked seventeenth of the Heavenly Flame Rankings. It was also one of the extremely rare Heavenly Flames that could be passed down.

The Golden Crow Flame was also called the Sun Flame by the Golden Crow race. However, in reality, it wasn’t the Sun Flame because the Sun Flame was ranked sixth on the Heavenly Flame Rankings.

However, there was a definite connection between the two of them. The Golden Crow Flame could constantly grow as it was cultivated. The manifestation would also go from one sun to nine suns. That was the acquired Sun Flame.

The Sun Flame could be split between acquired and innate. The acquired one referred to one that was cultivated to that level. But an innate one was born from heaven and earth, a flame that only appeared at great historic moments.

The innate Sun Flame was something that only existed in legends. There weren’t many records throughout history about it.

On the other hand, the acquired Sun Flame had appeared many times throughout history, and all those that had acquired Sun Flames came from the Golden Crow race.

Wu Yang had also been in seclusion all this time. As soon as he came out, he displayed his true body, and three blazing suns burned behind him. His aura was astonishing, shaking countless experts.

“Long Chen, have you washed your neck?” Wu Yang spread his wings and shouted loudly.

As flames filled the heavens, a hole was incinerated in the world. After that, Zhao Mingxuan’s figure appeared within those flames.

Behind him was a palace that was like a burning oven. All the flame runes of heaven and earth gathered around him.

“Wu Yang, you are snatching my business. I already said that Long Chen’s life is mine. You’re not being sincere,” laughed Zhao Mingxuan.

“The legends are true! The Raging Flame Heavenly Palace’s Zhao Mingxuan controls the rank thirteen Heavenly Flame, the Heaven Burning Divine Flame! It can burn the void and pierce holes in the walls between worlds.”

When they saw Zhao Mingxuan’s flame burning even the void, everyone was shocked. This flame was absolutely terrifying.

As more and more experts came out of seclusion, all the experts that had been in the Fallen Immortal Pavilion with Long Chen appeared, showing off their own flames. They were all famous existences on the Heavenly Flame Rankings.

“This Long Chen is doomed. With so many people targeting him, even if they just spit some saliva on him, they’ll still drown him.” Seeing so many people come out of seclusion and challenge Long Chen, they all felt like Long Chen was doomed.

If it was someone else, they probably wouldn’t even have the courage to leave the city with so many people targeting them.

However, people felt like Long Chen was no random character. The youngest dean of the number one academy of the nine heavens and ten lands couldn’t be ordinary. Someone who dared to plunder the Soaring Dragon Company definitely couldn’t be a nobody.

Hence, everyone wished to see how Long Chen would react to these people. Regretfully, Long Chen still wasn’t responding.

Feng Xiang also appeared, but his appearance didn’t cause a single ripple. Although he also controlled a Heavenly Flame, no one looked at him.

Wu Yang, Zhao Mingxuan, and the others didn’t even look at him. Back then, when he took the initiative to speak to Long Chen, they already started to look down on him.

Now, Feng Xiang was stripped of his status as the son of the city lord. These people actually thought that the city lord was also turning his back on him as he had lost his face by talking to Long Chen, causing the city lord to throw him away.

Before this, they called each other brothers. But since Feng Xiang had lost his special status, they felt that Feng Xiang had also lost his qualifications to stand alongside them.

Yu Qingxuan also came out, and the first thing she did was ask about Long Chen. But hearing that he had yet to come out of seclusion, she couldn’t help feeling a bit worried. She was also extremely dissatisfied with Wu Yang, Zhao Mingxuan, and the others’ provocations toward him.

Although Long Chen hadn’t explained his grievance with the Soaring Dragon Company, she trusted that there must be a good reason. Long Chen had to have his reasons.

As for Wu Yang, Zhao Mingxuan, and the others, now they pretended to be on the side of justice and found an excuse to kill Long Chen. She was very angry. This was the pinnacle of shamelessness.

The thing that worried her the most was that Long Chen had just entered the Divine Lord realm, but Wu Yang and the others were already late stage Divine Lords. Long Chen was at an immense disadvantage in terms of realm.

Despite not knowing him for a long time, she sensed that while he acted humble, he was actually very prideful inside. If she came out to help him, while these people might not dare to do anything to Long Chen, she was worried about harming Long Chen’s ego. She just wanted to help him but couldn’t do anything.

One day, two days, three days passed. The crack in the void grew larger and larger, and raging flames spurted out of it. Countless experts had already run over to that crack and started absorbing that flame energy.

The flames that came out of the cracks might be looked down upon by the supreme experts, but to ordinary cultivators, it was already considered something good. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Furthermore, as time passed, the flame energy grew stronger. If they didn’t get a good spot at the start, all the good spots would be taken by others.

The majority of the Dragon Blaze Prefecture’s experts ran over to the spatial crack and began absorbing its flame energy.

As for Wu Yang, Zhao Mingxuan, and the other heavenly geniuses, they also came early, not to absorb that flame energy, but to be in a good spot when the time came. Other than that, they wanted to wait for Long Chen here. They were planning on eliminating him here without even giving him a chance to enter the Heavenly Flame World.

However, after waiting and waiting, their expressions started to grow solemn. That was because lifeforms from various races had appeared. They didn’t even recognize some of those lifeforms, and some of these lifeforms had auras that made their hearts pound.

There were also some lifeforms from unclear origins wearing cloaks and masks, concealing their auras. But they gave off a very sinister feeling. People assumed that they were likely from the dark world.

The Chaotic Star Sea was a world of chaos, and there were many places with connections to other worlds. Experts from other worlds would enter the Chaotic Star Sea. Of course, some experts from the Chaotic Star Sea would sneak into their worlds as well.

Thus, this was truly a land of chaos. Furthermore, there were many areas of the Chaotic Star Sea led by lifeforms from different races. Many places were forbidden for the human race to set foot in.

Even the native experts of the Chaotic Star Sea had not gone to most of the places in the Chaotic Star Sea because it was simply too dangerous.

When these lifeforms of unknown origin appeared, many people’s hearts shook. They instantly grew more cautious.

On this day, the spatial crack suddenly rapidly widened, forming a giant spatial gate. Everyone grew excited. This signified that the Heavenly Rainbow World was about to open.

“Fairy Qingxuan has come!” People recognized Yu Qingxuan’s war chariot.

“Long Chen has also come!”

Another cry rang out. People finally spotted Long Chen’s giant Minghong Saber.