Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3533

“Long Chen, you goddamn…!”

At the entrance to the Heavenly Flame World, a fourth Heavenstage World King let out a heaven-shaking roar.

A scene appeared above his head. Luo Zijun had not been lying. After he was killed, this scene really was transmitted outside.

Furthermore, it recorded several breaths’ worth of time. Hence, Long Chen and Luo Zijun’s conversation was all sent back.

When they saw that scene, quite a few experts had their hearts shake. Luo Zijun was from the Magnificent Cliff Valley. Moreover, he was the valley master’s only disciple. He was viewed as his heir who would take up his legacy. Other than the actual valley master, he had the highest position in the Magnificent Cliff Valley.

As for the valley master, he was a grand seventh Heavenstage World King. He was also an overlord with immense power and prestige.

Thus, no matter how tyrannical Luo Zijun acted, no one dared to do anything to him. Now that he was killed, people were shaken.

“That Long Chen really is brave. He even dares to kill Luo Zijun.

People were shocked by Long Chen’s guts. After killing Luo Zijun, how was he planning on leaving? Was he not afraid of the Magnificent Cliff Valley guarding the exit for him? It had to be known that the Heavenly Flame World only had a single exit.

However, they also felt some delight. Luo Zijun had also killed some of their people, but they didn’t dare to provoke the Magnificent Cliff Valley or even make a sound. Now Long Chen had essentially gotten revenge for all of them.

“Report this to the valley master immediately!” shouted their head elder. The valley master’s disciple had been killed, and this matter’s implications were huge.

“The valley master will personally descend to avenge his disciple. Now it’s going to be fun.”

Some of the spectators muttered to themselves. However, this wasn’t some crazy thing. Every time the Heavenly Flame World was opened, there would be a chaotic battle at the end.

Disciples would kill each other, so naturally the seniors of those fallen disciples would avenge their disciples. And of course, the seniors of the killers would defend the killers.

Thus, before the Heavenly Flame World opened, people wouldn’t start fighting. But after it closed, there would definitely be a bloodbath.

…

Long Chen didn’t know what was happening outside. Even if he knew, he would act the same. Anyone who wanted to kill him had to be prepared to be killed in reprisal. Everyone’s life was the same. If you want to kill me, don’t blame me for being vicious.

Long Chen was pleasantly surprised by Luo Zijun’s net though. It was a true treasure. He didn’t know what material it was made out of, but it was very elastic. It could be spread many thousands of miles if he so desired. If he unleashed its full power, it would be enough to instantly wipe out a prefecture city.

Luo Zijun was completely unable to control this World Domain divine item. It was a priceless treasure of his master and had his master’s spiritual imprint on it. Thus, while it was in his possession, he was unable to unleash its true power.

A World Domain divine item did not just require its approval to use, but it also required a powerful Spiritual Strength. This divine item in particular required a huge amount of flame energy to activate its power.

Luo Zijun was unable to obtain its approval, so he was relying entirely on his master’s spiritual seal to use the slightest bit of its capabilities.

Considering his Spiritual Strength and flame energy, he was unable to activate any of the runes on the net. However, just relying on the innate properties of its materials, it was still a terrifying killing item.

It could pull in flame energy. Any flame caught within it would be rapidly compressed into flame essence.

This was a perfect divine item for this place. It was not only capable of being used in battle, but it could also assist with cultivation. To a flame cultivator, it was a priceless treasure. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

This treasure was actually one of the core treasures of the Magnificent Cliff Valley. If it weren’t for Luo Zijun being the sole beloved disciple of the valley master and the fact that this net could make Luo Zijun a tiger with wings, they definitely would not have permitted him to bring this treasure with him.

The fact that this treasure had landed in Long Chen’s hands made the Magnificent Cliff Valley’s experts panic. That elder had directly reported things to the valley master.

Long Chen was excited to obtain this treasure. First, he directly gave the flame spheres that Luo Zijun had gathered to Huo Linger. She instantly started devouring them.

This unlucky Luo Zijun had gathered five Heavenly Flame Spirits and had been looking to find a safe space to absorb them when he was drawn over by the disturbance caused by that devil race expert. In the end, he ended up losing his life and leaving the good stuff to Long Chen.

This net was not an existence that Long Chen could subdue. Thus, he tossed it into the primal chaos space. Just as he had predicted, its item-spirit was disturbed out of its slumber when it entered the primal chaos space.

Just as it thought of resisting, the slightest quiver from the primal chaos space made it become obedient. Long Chen then placed his own spiritual mark on it. As a result, this priceless treasure became his.

Unbeknownst to Long Chen, just as he placed his spiritual mark on it, in the Magnificent Cliff Valley, an elder who had just received some shocking and enraging news suddenly coughed up blood as he was leaving.

“Valley master?!”

Countless experts cried out when they looked at that elder.

“How can this be?! The Phoenix Blood Heavenly Silk Net actually recognized a new master?!” The valley master’s expression was one of shock and fury.

…

Phoenix Blood Heavenly Silk Net?

Once Long Chen became the master of the net, he learned its name. Only then did he realize just how terrifying its origins were.

The Phoenix Blood Heavenly Silkworm was a flame element spirit beast, and the silk that it spat out contained endless flame energy. That silk was a supreme treasure.

The silk threads had countless runes on them that could barely be seen with the naked eye. Once the runes were activated, a single thread could cut through a King item. Considering how much silk was here, it had probably taken hundreds or thousands of World King Phoenix Blood Heavenly Silkworms to spit out these threads. There was also the core thread of a Wind Lightning Heavenly Silkworm that had reached the Divine Venerate level. That was how this World Domain divine item was made.

When the net contracted, it could be the size of a baby’s fist. And when it was tossed out, it could cover an entire prefecture city. It could contract and extend in the blink of an eye, catching people off-guard. This was Long Chen’s first time encountering such a miraculous divine weapon. He was in love with it.

With this net, Long Chen was revitalized. Now, he had ample confidence. As expected, plundering really was the fastest shortcut to wealth.

Long Chen didn’t waste any more time. He continued onward. Huo Linger said that these Heavenly Flame Spirits were of immense use to her. They were the best items for increasing her energy.

She wasn’t just increasing her flame energy by absorbing them. Their runes also became hers after she absorbed them.

The core flames of the experts that Luo Zijun killed were also absorbed by her. Through these runes, she could learn various flame divine arts. Every rune that she absorbed increased her power by a bit, so she had never felt so refreshed. She was now in an even greater rush than Long Chen to absorb as many Heavenly Flame Spirits as possible.

Long Chen rushed through the land. He met two human experts on the way that were fighting Heavenly Flame Spirits. They instantly tensed when they saw Long Chen.

It had to be known that killing people for their treasures was far too common here. However, their worries were superfluous. Long Chen simply glanced at them before continuing to rush off.

Suddenly, Long Chen heard intense rumbling sounds from up ahead. He saw a group of devil race experts attacking a giant Heavenly Flame Spirit.

“Two types of runes? A Heavenly Flame Spirit on the level of a second Heavenstage World King?”

Long Chen’s eyes instantly lit up. Without a word, he cast out the Phoenix Blood Heavenly Silk Net...