Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3550

Long Chen’s saber had yet to fall, but his saber will had already compressed space to the point that it twisted wildly. It was as if the world was about to be split apart by this attack. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

This was Long Chen’s first time using the Starry Sea Births Violet Qi manifestation. He knew that using this manifestation would place a heavy burden on his body.

Thus, the previous fight had been nothing more than a warm-up so that his body was in the absolute best condition. He gradually increased his power bit by bit. Otherwise, he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to endure the impact of the violet qi.

When the Starry Sea Births Violet Qi manifestation appeared, Long Chen found that even within the Heavenly Flame World, a world where flames dominated, he could still control the power of the ten thousand Daos.

It was different from the outside world. In the outside world, he needed the recognition of the Heavenly Daos. However much Heavenly Dao energy they were willing to give him was how much he could use.

However, in this place, he had taken over; he was the ruler. This world’s energy was forcibly claimed by him, and the Heavenly Flame World could not resist. It was an absolute suppression. The Starry Sea Births Violet Qi manifestation could completely suppress the Heavenly Daos of this world and make it submit.

Furthermore, at this time, cracks appeared in the space beneath Yan Hong's feet as Long Chen’s sharp saber qi locked onto him. Yan Hong suddenly found that ten thousand Daos were no longer listening to his commands.

“Blaze of the Heavenly Daos, clear the void! Flames of the ten thousand Daos, obey my command!”

Yan Hong shouted and a black figure appeared behind him. However, this black figure was too indistinct to recognize. But it contained a sinister evil qi. At this moment, the flames gushing out of the land beneath their feet vanished, sucked up by him.

At this moment, the Minghong Saber slashed down with a river of stars on it. The walls of the heavens collapsed, creating an unending opening in it.

BOOM!

On the other hand, countless runes lit up on Yan Hong’s black spear. A sinister aura was unleashed, and it cried out as if a beast was awakening. These two divine items once more clashed.

As a result, the earth was torn asunder, and the walls of the heavens shattered. Countless black holes appeared. This clash almost caused the world to fully break apart.

Within this apocalyptic world, the earth was constantly being torn apart, sinking. The walls of the heavens were also starting to collapse.

The place containing Long Chen and Yan Hong was now fluctuating and collapsing. Their attacks had shattered the balance of this world, so it was already on the path of destruction.

“Yan Hong’s body…!”

As people fled further and further away, they looked back to see that half of Yan Hong’s body was covered in cracks. His aura had plummeted. Although he had managed to receive this attack, he still suffered a heavy injury.

“Just how is Long Chen so terrifying?!”

Every lifeform present was completely stunned by this exchange. That was the son of the world’s number one flame, Yan Xu. Long Chen could actually wound him like this?

“There’s still one more move to end your life.”

Long Chen’s voice was icy, without the slightest emotion. His battle intent was like a boulder and had not changed in the slightest, even after that last exchange.

When the Minghong Saber was raised again, the scattered violet qi in the world was sucked up once more.

This was a new method that Long Chen had come up with to layer his power. With the first attack, he only unleashed eighty percent of his power, concentrating the other twenty percent within his body. That twenty percent then helped him block the backlash force, giving him the freedom to switch moves whenever he wanted to.

The other aspect, and this was the most important part, was that this twenty percent would spread throughout the void and reconnect with his scattered power, causing this power to not immediately dissipate.

Before they dissipated, he gathered them for another attack, layering his power.

This kind of superimposition was extremely shocking. Gathering back that violet qi did not just gather back the energy, but also the will of Split the Heavens.

If he could gather around thirty percent of the power, then the will of Split the Heavens would be gathered as well. Thus, with the power and will of Split the Heavens contained, the next attack’s killing power would be several times greater than the last.

As for Yan Hong’s ability, it was truly bizarre. It was capable of scattering a portion of his attack’s energy into heaven and earth to lighten the pressure on himself.

As a result, the power that Yan Hong scattered ended up being reabsorbed by Long Chen. He was actually helping Long Chen.

That was why with the second attack, Yan Hong immediately noticed something wrong. This violet qi was able to wound him, and he also saw the technique with which Long Chen was layering his attacks. He directly summoned his own ultimate attack.

However, he still ended up being injured. If it hadn’t been for him absorbing the sea of lava pouring out of the ground, he would not have been able to receive Long Chen’s attack.

Seeing Long Chen raise his saber and gather the violet qi in the air once again, his expression completely changed. If this saber fell, he really might die. In order to test Long Chen’s power, he actually fell into his death trap.

“Yan Xu Flame, ten thousand spirits offer sacrifice!”

Yan Hong roared and quickly formed hand seals.

At this moment, Long Chen’s expression changed. He had no time to unleash the third blow, and his body was like lightning, rapidly retreating.

Just as he retreated, three Heavenly Flame Spirits appeared where he had been. It was those three Divine Venerate Heavenly Flame Spirits.

Three huge explosions then shook the world as these Heavenly Flame Spirits self-detonated. Huge flames instantly devoured Long Chen.

Long Chen was shocked. He hadn’t expected Yan Hong to have the ability to make three Divine Venerate Heavenly Flame Spirits kill themselves just to attack. Although Long Chen had fled as fast as possible, the explosion instantly covered a huge region that he couldn’t possibly escape from.

Suddenly, a war chariot charged into that core region. At the same time, a dragon-shaped shield and a rainbow shield appeared in front of Long Chen. Huo Linger and Yu Qingxuan had returned.

BOOM!

Enduring the huge explosion, Yu Qingxuan’s World Domain war chariot disintegrated upon contact with those terrifying flames. Even a World Domain divine item was unable to block the detonations of three Divine Venerate Heavenly Flame Spirits.

However, as the war chariot disintegrated, it gave Long Chen some buffer room. Just then, Huo Linger’s dragon shield also exploded.

When the flames struck Yu Qingxuan’s rainbow shield, the shield’s divine light exploded, actually blocking the remaining force of the flames. However, Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan were still blown far into the distance.

BOOM!

Her shield was broken but ultimately still managed to help Long Chen escape this tribulation.

Yu Qingxuan had been paying attention to the battle the entire time and had been using the war chariot to absorb flame energy so that she could quickly recover.

However, her core energy was almost exhausted by Yan Hong. Even in the Heavenly Flame World, with such a short time, she was only able to recover twenty percent. In order to help block this attack, her core energy was once more exhausted.

Her face was pale, and blood leaked out of her mouth. But she had a gratified smile. It was worth it to have saved Long Chen.

Seeing that pale face, Long Chen felt like a blade was stabbing his heart. His anger flared. He then had Huo Linger protect Yu Qinguxan as he once more raised his saber.

However, just then, a giant gaping maw appeared behind Yan Hong. He began to crazily devour the flame energy in this world.

“Not good! He’s going to devour all of this world’s flame energy! Long Chen, you must stop him. Otherwise, he will instantly recover. He might even advance!” cried out Yu Qingxuan.

Only then did Long Chen take note that the ones to self-detonate were not just those three Divine Venerate Heavenly Flame Spirits. Every single Heavenly Flame Spirit within the Heavenly Flame World had transformed into runes.

“Alright, let’s see who snatches more.”

Long Chen formed hand seals. His rainbow divine ring then grew limitlessly, instantly filling the dome of the heavens. Long Chen then grew solemn and began chanting the Nirvana Scripture. Its holy, dignified sound rang out within heaven and earth.

As a result, endless flame runes poured toward Long Chen like rivers pouring into the sea. They converged within his divine ring.