Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3565

Within the primal chaos space, Huo Linger had transformed into a giant flame dragon and was coiling around a clump of black flames.

Those black flames were Yan Xu Flames. They were black, with black runes flowing inside like the veins of leaves. Some sinister energy flowed within them.

As Huo Linger absorbed this flame, her scales also started to get some black spots on them. It looked a little frightening.

Furthermore, her aura grew a bit sinister, as if the Yan Xu Flame’s will was affecting her.

The Yan Xu Flame was called the flame of evil. It was the most tyrannical, most avaricious, and most bloodthirsty flame. It was the flame that relied on devouring other flames to increase its own power.

Now that Huo Linger was absorbing it, she was also infected by that aura. However, no matter how evil her aura grew, Long Chen wasn’t worried. Huo Linger’s soul was connected to his, and her soul was still pure.

Furthermore, although the Yan Xu Flame’s aura was evil, in the primal chaos space, its innate nature seemed to have gone through a transformation. It wasn’t quite the same as when Yan Hong unleashed it.

Long Chen then raised his head and looked up at the golden lotus seed floating in the sky. It was like the sun illuminating the primal chaos space, making it peaceful and tranquil, causing it to thrum with vitality.

This seed that Aunt Gong had given him was definitely a terrifying priceless treasure. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Furthermore, Aunt Gong’s origins were even more mysterious. She gave him this seed that managed to purify the Yan Xu Flame, the strongest flame of the nine heavens and ten lands. Her status was also unimaginable.

Most importantly, Aunt Gong approved of him. She gave him this golden lotus seed to illuminate his path forward. He no longer had to question himself all the time.

Perhaps this was also another kind of faith energy, faith in himself, faith that allowed him to walk down his own path without hesitation. He no longer had to question whether he was right or wrong. He would simply follow his original heart.

With Long Chen no longer questioning himself, his mental state also grew clearer. It was as if a heavy weight that had been pressing down on his heart was now thrown aside. All those burdens were cast off of him, making him feel relaxed and joyful.

Furthermore, after his heart-devil took over his body, that motionless lotus seed unleashed its divine light. It was only with its help that Long Chen had managed to take back control over his body so quickly. Also, even his heart-devil didn’t know what had happened. It actually thought that it had used up too much dark energy, resulting in Long Chen taking over.

Thus, rather than being angry with his heart-devil’s curses, Long Chen actually felt immeasurably satisfied. It seemed that he could use the golden lotus seed to control his heart-devil. Then he could also control his dark energy.

Previously, if he wanted to use his dark energy, he could only use the Purgatory Eyes. But when his heart-devil took over his body, he learned a new move.

If it weren’t for Yan Hong’s big brother unleashing so much flame energy that Long Chen didn’t want to waste, he might have even let his heart-devil control his body a bit longer so that he could learn more ways to control the dark energy.

However, Long Chen was also afraid that if he let it control his body for too long, it would grow too comfortable in his body and make reclaiming it more difficult. If he tried to play it like that, it might be too late for regrets when things took a wrong turn.

Right now, he still didn’t know how to control this golden lotus seed, but he believed that Aunt Gong had given it to him for a profound reason. He needed to slowly uncover its secrets.

Watching Huo Linger patiently absorbing the Yan Xu Flame, Long Chen felt very comfortable inside. It had to be known that the flames he had absorbed from the Heavenly Flame World had been used to fight Yan Xu. To say that he wasn’t aggrieved after using them up would be lying.

However, those losses were made up for by Yan Hong and his big brother’s energy. It seemed that he had greatly profited from that. After all the unexpected twists and turns, Long Chen ended up being the ultimate winner.

Huo Linger’s power would definitely rise once more after she devoured these flames. He estimated that even if she couldn’t manifest the Yan Xu Flame, she should be able to control a trace of its power just like with the Ice Soul.

This trace of the Yan Xu Flame’s devouring ability made Long Chen smile even in his dreams. When he faced flame cultivators in the future, they would simply be food.

However, the Yan Xu Flame was not so easy to control. Whether or not Huo Linger could control it would only be known after she was done absorbing it.

Long Chen’s divine sense then retreated from the primal chaos space. He began to look within himself to see his wounds and was very satisfied. During the battle, his body had been pushed to the limit and had started cracking.

But while he was unconscious, the primal chaos space’s life energy had fully repaired his body.

Furthermore, the Wood Foundation Divine Trees showed no signs of growing listless. In other words, they still had more than enough energy even after healing his wounds.

The reason it took some time was merely because the wounds contained the power of the Grand Dao’s laws. But as long as the Wood Foundation Divine Trees had enough energy, his recovery was nothing more than a matter of time.

“Oh?”

Long Chen suddenly noticed a change in his 108,000 stars. Ninety-nine of them had changed. Those were the ninety-nine stars that he had used to draw down astral energy.

Those ninety-nine stars had endured the impact of the astral energy from above the heavens, and illusory figures had appeared on top of them. It was like a scar had been branded on them.

“Could it be that drawing down astral energy caused the outside world’s astral energy to germinate within the stars inside my body?” wondered Long Chen.

He now sensed a foreign aura on these stars. Thinking back to when he had gathered the astral energy, his heart pounded wildly.

If that really was the case, then that would be absolutely amazing. If he could constantly receive the nourishment of the astral energy from above the nine heavens, then wouldn’t his body truly contain a starry sea?

The Nine Star Hegemon Body Art was too mysterious. He had cultivated to the Divine Lord realm and was working on condensing the seventh star. But it only exposed the tip of the iceberg to him. The parts that were still hidden were even more terrifying than Long Chen had imagined.

Long Chen didn’t dare to imagine just what kind of power he would possess when he activated the Seven Star Battle Armor. Long Chen felt himself growing increasingly confident.

Long Chen spent seven days in the Wine God Palace. Due to Huo Linger refining the Yan Xu Flame, he couldn’t refine pills. It was rare for Long Chen to have nothing to do. He only roamed around the Wine God Palace, greeting the various seniors, tasting their wine and discussing the Dao. It was a very satisfying time. At the same time, he gained quite a few fine wines.

Seven days later, Long Chen’s Spiritual Strength was fully recovered. He entered his peak condition. He then bid farewell to Xia Guhong and the others, leaving the Wine God Palace.

Long Chen was originally planning on going to the Daluo Star-Field’s Blazing Heaven Divine Sect to see Yu Qingxuan, but he then decided against it. Inside the Heavenly Flame World, her flame fluctuations were exceptionally intense. It was most likely a sign of breaking through.

At this time, she should have finished healing from her wounds and should be entering seclusion to break through. If he went to find her now, he probably wouldn’t get to see her.

After thinking about it, Long Chen gave up on that. He took out a map and looked at it carefully.

“Nine Underworld Island. First thing’s first though, time to fill up my plate!”

Long Chen put away his map. Patting the Minghong Saber on his back, he rushed off in a certain direction.