Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3567

So the Hongying Star-Field was actually the Alldevil Star-Field. He hadn’t expected the random name that he said without thinking would end up giving him such information.

Through that elder, Long Chen learned that in the Alldevil Star-Field, the fighting had lasted for millions and millions of years without stopping. Hence, the enmity between the human race and the devil race had sunk into their bones.

The Alldevil Star-Field was not too suitable for human cultivation, so the cultivators inside were not particularly strong.

However, those experts forged transcendent battle armor. In these battle armor, their power, speed, defenses, and killing power rose by ten or even dozens of times.

With there being countless devil beasts and the humans having to fight them all year long, they possessed the shortest overall lifespans of people in the Violet Flame Heaven.

The Alldevil Star-Field also produced all kinds of immortal metals of the highest quality. However, most of those metals stayed within the Alldevil Star-Field and were not sold to the outside world, as the natives used the metals to forge their armor and weapons.

On the other hand, the devil crystals, demonic cores, beast hides, and other ingredients from devil beasts came out in large amounts and were always fought over by the major powers. Their quality was incredibly high, and the price was also high. Thus, the Alldevil Star-Field was actually quite famous.

The devil beasts occupied ninety percent of the surface of the Alldevil Star-Field, with the human race occupying a scant corner. It was difficult for them to survive.

Although the Alldevil Star-Field was full of dangers, there was also plenty of wealth. Hence, despite knowing the danger, countless experts still took the risk of entering the Alldevil Star-Field.

One reason was to make money, while the other reason was to learn some forging arts. The Alldevil Star-Field’s forging arts were extremely famous. Just learning the slightest bit could endlessly benefit someone.

However, those supreme sects within the Alldevil Star-Field viewed their forging arts as absolute secrets. Only their core disciples were qualified to come into contact with them, and outsiders truly were only able to learn the slightest bit.

However, through great efforts, these outsiders could slay devil beasts, sell their corpses in exchange for money, and buy the divine weapons from the natives.

Those divine weapons sold there were half the price of the ones sold in the outside world. But in order to prevent others from making a profit by reselling them, those weapons and armor had special runes carved into them to make them lose effect once they were brought out of the Alldevil Star-Field, turning them into scrap metal.

There was no way around that. With the constant fighting occurring in the Alldevil Star-Field, the weapons and armor were rapidly used up. If too many were gone, it would cause an imbalance, so they had to maintain that precarious balance.

However, in the past few years, something unknown happened and the Alldevil Star-Field’s spatial channels gradually vanished. They were mostly cut off from the outside world.

Also, the original spatial channels became chaotic spatial currents. People had tried to pass through and found that the chaotic current seemed to be supported by a formation. If anyone in the Immortal King realm and above entered, they would be beset by terrifying spatial storms and instantly killed.

Only Divine Lord cultivators and below were able to enter without causing a spatial storm. But a Divine Lord was also unable to resist that chaotic spatial current and would also be instantly killed.

It was said that there was a powerful Divine Lord heavenly genius who had charged into the chaotic spatial current and entered the Alldevil Star-Field, but upon seeing an endless tide of devil beasts as if he had wound up in their lair, he immediately fled back out. If he hadn’t immediately fled, he supposedly would have died inside.

People deduced that some kind of change had occurred within the Alldevil Star-Field. The people inside were probably having a difficult time. It was even possible that they might have been wiped out.

Many experts wanted to enter to save them, but the stronger ones couldn’t enter and the weaker ones would be sending themselves to their deaths. No one had any solution.

No matter how strong a person was, they couldn’t beat the spatial storms of the walls between worlds. Even Divine Venerates were unable to do anything. They could only sigh with pity.

Thus, when that elder heard that Long Chen wanted to go to the Alldevil Star-Field, he immediately warned him that it was not a good place to go. That was only out of the kindness of his heart, as he didn’t wish for Long Chen to send himself to his death.

“I heard that the beast-derived medicinal ingredients from that place are all top grade. I was hoping to gather a few, but it seems that I’ll need to come up with something else.” Long Chen sighed and shook his head.

Long Chen had originally just been using that place to distract his enemies for a moment so he could slip into the Nine Underworld Island.

However, now he changed plans. He would definitely have to take a trip to the Alldevil Star-Field. Xie Qianqian had once gone through life and death with him. If she was in trouble, he couldn’t just sit still and do nothing.

Other than that, back in Pill Valley’s Heaven Dragon Flame Region, he had released a devil beast of the Alldevil race that then caused chaos in Pill Valley. It had said that Lord Brahma had betrayed his master. The Alldevil race definitely had a connection with Lord Brahma, so he had to investigate.

At the same time, with so many devil beasts there, perhaps he could conveniently gather the ingredients that he was lacking.

Although he had managed to plunder some more from the Soaring Dragon Company and the Huayun Trading Company was helping him buy some, it was still far from enough. He had to think of something himself.

As a result of all those factors, the Alldevil Star-Field was definitely somewhere he had to go. But then, if he was going to go there, he couldn’t be so open about it. After expressing his disappointment, he asked about the other star-fields.

That elder immediately introduced Long Chen to several good star-fields. Those also had plenty of devil beasts, as well as many adventurers and mercenary groups. They were basically easy places to gain wealth.

Long Chen nodded, saying that he was going to listen to his advice and go to another star-field.

After that, the elder invited Long Chen to his private room to rest, but Long Chen tactfully refused. He just sat by the window and looked at the scenery flying by outside. His heart was very calm at this time.

“Senior Long Chen, I…” Eventually, someone bravely walked over to Long Chen.

Long Chen looked at him. He was a stranger who looked to be in his thirties. However, Long Chen smiled and said, “How coincidental. You’re also a cultivator of the Starry River of the Sky Art.”

With just a glance, Long Chen could tell that this stranger was a cultivator of the Starry River of the Sky Art. Long Chen felt a natural closeness to cultivators of this technique.

Seeing that Long Chen was so easy to get close to, that person was delighted. He came to ask for some help from Long Chen pertaining to the technique for drawing the stars into the body. This step was truly too difficult.

Long Chen didn’t hold back. Just like that, he demonstrated to everyone, telling this person how to calm his heart, focus his soul, empty his mind, observe the stars, sense them from a great distance, and other steps. Every single step was explained in great detail.

After listening, that person was instantly enlightened. He directly kowtowed to Long Chen in thanks, but he was lifted back up by Long Chen.

Long Chen smiled. “If you really want to thank me, then once you are capable of drawing down astral power, help those friends who have yet to master it.”

That person repeatedly thanked Long Chen and firmly remembered Long Chen’s words in his heart. In the future, after years of bitter training, he ultimately managed to cultivate into an almighty expert.

In the end, he never forgot Long Chen’s teachings. After composing a tome of his own understanding, he helped many cultivators gain enlightenment on the Starry River of the Sky Art. But that was something that only occurred much later.

The flying boat stopped by the harbor. Long Chen didn’t want to cause trouble, so without saying goodbye, his figure simply vanished from everyone’s line of sight.

“Alldevil Star-Field, Boss Long San is coming. Are you afraid?”Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com