Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3581

Now it was Xue Yifan’s turn to be startled. “Dean Long Chen, have you met senior Xia Guhong?”

“I’ve drunk wine with him twice. It was big brother Xia that saved my life,” said Long Chen.

“To have drunk your fill with the monarch of the Grand Xia, to be brothers with this peerless hero, it seems that dean Long Chen is also a figure on that level.” Xue Yifan had a reverent expression when he spoke of Xia Guhong.

Xia Guhong had once led the Alldevil Star-Field to glory, taking over wide expanses of the Alldevil Star-Field’s land. He then became the hero of the human race.

Originally, Xia Guhong was not a native of the Alldevil Star-Field, but his lover was from this place. It was only due to this that Xia Guhong led the heroes of the Grand Xia over to help the Alldevil Star-Field.

The woman who loved and was loved by Xia Guhong was called Luo Qingying. She was also exceptionally talented and powerful. Together with Xia Guhong, the two of them were a heavenly match. Their feelings for each other were as deep as the sea, and they were called divine and immortal Dao-companions by countless people.

With the two of them joining forces, they led the human race in a long campaign against the Alldevil Star-Field, contributing unrivaled merit. In their era, the human race’s territory crazily grew to the point of unprecedented splendor in all of history.

Later on, the Alldevil Star-Field’s name was changed due to their contributions, becoming the Hongying Star-Field, named after them, Xia Guhong and Luo Qingying.

However, when the human race’s situation took such a huge turn for the better, the interior began to fracture. That was because the Alldevil Star-Field’s ore deposits were simply too rich.

After taking over so much land, they immediately began excavating the ore crazily. But who the ore went to became a problem.

At the same time, with the human race in such a good state, countless merchants came flooding in from the outside world. Those merchants were like hyenas that had smelled the scent of carrion, and they flocked over.

Back then, Xia Guhong proposed to Luo Qingying to drive away those merchants and only work with the Huayun Trading Company.

Unfortunately, when Luo Qingying raised this proposal, countless people opposed it, especially her own family. They were the most against it.

That was because the Luo clan had made an agreement with the Soaring Dragon Company. The Soaring Dragon Company had given them a huge amount of bribes that caused the Luo clan’s Elders to decide on working with them.

The other merchants also eyed other powers, forming collaborations with them. As a result, the solid alliance of the Alldevil Star-Field fractured. At the start, in order to survive, everyone worked together against their common enemies. But when their lives were guaranteed, under the allure of profit, this so-called alliance could not endure a single blow. The various powers began to expand their territory, fighting over ores and even starting fights with each other.

Back then, the battle was only half won. Hence, Xia Guhong and Luo Qingying proposed to everyone to stop fighting and work together. Once the Alldevil race was fully expelled, they could decide on how to distribute the ores.

Regretfully, under the encouragement of the merchants, the people’s hearts had long since been clouded by greed. There was only profit in their eyes, and they were fighting over the resources first before anything else. Some people even criticized Xia Guhong, saying that he had helped the Alldevil Star-Field because he wanted it as his treasury, using the Alldevil Star-Field’s wealth to revitalize the declined Grand Xia.

Xia Guhong was enraged and killed countless people spreading those rumors. But that only raised more people’s suspicions.

Hence, the enraged Xia Guhong directly left, not caring about them any longer. He allowed them to destroy themselves. Together with Luo Qingying, they left this hurtful place that they had fought for. The place where so many of his brothers had fallen over the years only gave him insults and abuse in return. Luo Qingying was profoundly aware that Xia Guhong had only done this for her, so she felt even worse than he did.

Her family in particular had done many despicable things in order to fight for more resources. She saw all of that and chose to sadly leave with Xia Guhong.

Xia Guhong and Luo Qingying left for a hundred years, and people crazily dug up the resources. There was no one left to fight the Alldevil race.

After a hundred years of rest, the Alldevil race came to reclaim their territory. As a result, the human race was like a rotting dam. They were instantly blown away like rotting sticks.

As for the merchants, they were the first to leave. People were unable to stop the Alldevil race’s advances and retreated on all fronts. It was unknown just how many people died during this period.

All the land was lost. Many ore deposits were barely touched, with less than a single percent excavated before they were taken over by the devil beasts.

It was only at this time that people knew repentance. It was only now that they knew how foolish it was to force out Xia Guhong and Luo Qingying. They had destroyed their own defenses.

But it was all too late. Although they had accumulated a great deal of wealth, that wealth could not be directly transformed into combat power. In the end, countless people died in those lands.

They were forced further and further back, all the way to where they had started. There, the human race had a natural line of defense that gave them a breather.

The human race was badly wounded and only had less than a tenth of their experts. It was at this time that they thickened their faces and pleaded for aid from Xia Guhong.

However, Xia Guhong ignored them, allowing them to destroy themselves. But when Luo Qingying received a blood letter from her mother, her heart softened. Keeping it from Xia Guhong, she quietly returned to the Alldevil Star-Field.

But she had never expected that the ones to await her were the experts of the Alldevil race instead. They had set up a huge trap for her. A portion of the people in her own family had defected to the Alldevil race’s side and sold her out. In the end, the ones to leave her the heaviest wound were her own family. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Even though she was severely wounded, Luo Qingying still slayed countless experts. Even so, by the time Xia Guhong rushed over, she was already so badly wounded that despite Xia Guhong’s overwhelming power, he did not possess the ability to save her life.

Luo Qingying died just like that. But before her death, she made Xia Guhong promise not to exterminate her family.

At that time, Xia Guhong was too shocked and enraged to promise anything. But with Luo Qingying dying with that pleading expression, there was no way he could refuse her.

When Luo Qingying died, Xia Guhong was aggrieved. That anger then fell on the Alldevil race.

Carrying the corpse of his beloved, Xia Guhong charged his way into the depths of the Alldevil Star-Field, leaving millions and millions of corpses in his wake. It was said that he had pierced the deepest devil sea in the star-field’s depths and slaughtered his way to the devil world.

Ten days later, covered in shocking wounds, he silently left with his beloved’s corpse. After that, the Grand Xia Nation disbanded and their final monarch vanished without a trace. No further legends arose about him.

As for the Luo clan’s people who caused Luo Qingying’s death, they were torn to pieces by countless enraged experts.

After that, the Luo clan fell apart, splitting into many branches. They only recovered the slightest bit after all these years. But now, they were considered a third-rate power in the Alldevil Star-Field. People often killed and plundered them. It was unknown if that counted as their retribution.

“I didn’t expect big brother Xia Guhong to have such a sad past!” Long Chen sighed. Even a hero like Xia Guhong was suppressed by the hands of fate. The heavens were truly cruel to him.

Thinking back to the sad expression that had come across his face when they had been drinking wine… he must have been thinking of Luo Qingying’s death. That had truly been a huge impact to him.

No matter how strong a person was, they also had a soft spot. Long Chen didn’t dare to imagine how Xia Guhong had passed these years. If that tragedy happened to Long Chen, he’d have long since become a crazed devil. He would be unable to keep his promise like Xia Guhong and would have slaughtered everyone in the Luo clan.

“The Luo clan sold out Luo Qingying back then, and now they are selling out the entire Alldevil Star-Field?” asked Long Chen. A cold chill appeared deep in his eyes. His big brother Xia might not attack due to his promise, but Long Chen wouldn’t be caring about it so much!