Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Chapter 3601

In the plaza, a disciple hacked out blood. Long Chen then placed a hand on his back and helped him stabilize his spirit platform with the power of his Yuan Spirit.

“Don’t be afraid. Continue. You were just a bit off. Search for the corresponding star,” comforted Long Chen

That disciple nodded and continued focusing. A star diagram then circulated behind him. He was cultivating the Starry River of the Sky Art.

Long Chen had not expected the disciples of the Heavenly Dragon Divine Armor College to have such an easy time cultivating the Starry River of the Sky Art considering just how weak their physical bodies and Spiritual Strengths were.

They only cultivated a single cultivation technique, no Battle Skills or anything. They merely sought to raise their realm as high as possible, relying on their battle armor to unleash their power. Hence, their focus was on their battle armor, not cultivation, and that was why their cultivation was like a blank piece of paper.

Because of that, they had a shocking rate of comprehension and progression with the Starry River of the Sky Art. Even Long Chen himself was shocked. Even he hadn’t had it so easy when he had cultivated the Starry River of the Sky Art.

Due to not cultivating other cultivation techniques or Battle Skills, it was easy for them to brand the Starry River of the Sky Art within themselves. Furthermore, their weak physical bodies and Spiritual Strength actually resulted in a weaker backlash force. It had to be known that when Long Chen had drawn in astral power for the first time, the backlash had almost blown his body up.

As expected, all things had advantages and disadvantages. Having not cultivated other cultivation techniques or Battle Skills, the Heavenly Dragon Divine Armor College’s disciples were easily comprehending the marvelously profound Starry River of the Sky Art. It was practically cheating.

However, the Starry River of the Sky Art also couldn’t be cultivated by just anyone. It was a supreme Yang technique, one that required a clear and righteous heart. Someone whose heart was filled with shadows could not condense the starry river manifestation. If they pushed it, they would explode. Those who could condense the starry river manifestation were essentially trustworthy people.

Hence, the people that Long Chen taught it to were all people that Guo Ran trusted. Long Chen used them to test it and found that the results were astonishing. The three hundred people that Guo Ran selected had finished finding the star that corresponded to them. There was only one disciple remaining right now.

The rest were all incredibly excited. They sensed that after activating the starry river manifestation, their bodies were constantly strengthening. It was as if the astral energy of heaven and earth was silently changing their bodies.

Normally, cultivators wouldn’t feel such a thing. Even if they did, it would be hard to sense. The main thing was that these disciples had incredibly weak physical bodies. After activating this manifestation, their physical bodies would naturally strengthen.

However, strengthening themselves required energy. Because of it, Long Chen also prepared special medicinal pills for them. With the pills, they wouldn’t run out of energy or have some injuries in their bodies.

Just then, the final disciple had one star suddenly brighten within the starry river manifestation behind him. After that, Long Chen immediately shattered his manifestation with a palm to avoid too much astral energy flooding into his body and killing him.

“I found it, I found it!” That disciple cried out excitedly.

Long Chen didn’t need them to draw in the astral energy right now. If they did, their bodies would simply explode with their current power. He only wanted them to find the star that corresponded to them. That would activate the starry river manifestation, and then even in their sleep, their physical bodies would strengthen. They would quickly reach the level of normal people.

Feeling their physical bodies rapidly strengthening, these three hundred warriors were incredibly emotional. They felt like they were dreaming and were afraid of suddenly waking up.

“Congratulations. You’ve passed the trial. Starting today, you are the first batch of starry river warriors of the Heavenly Dragon Divine Armor College.” Long Chen smiled at them.

“It’s all thanks to boss Long Chen!”

These three hundred disciples suddenly got on one knee toward Long Chen and shouted in unison. Their eyes were full of gratitude.

This peerless divine technique had been personally taught to them by Long Chen. He had essentially given them the key to changing their fates, a new lease on life.

Long Chen smiled and nodded at them. “The starry river manifestations have all been condensed. Now, you will carve your own starry river manifestations into your battle armors. After that, specifically carve the star that you sensed into your armor. Once you draw in astral energy, use your battle armor to endure the impact, reducing the impact on your physical body. But you must be careful. Drawing in the power of the stars is not something to play around with. If you make a mistake, you might lose your life. If you don’t understand something, then come find Guo Ran, Leng Hui, or Xie Liuer for help. Or you can directly come find me. Remember, don’t mess around if you encounter a problem with this. Your lives are no longer your own. They belong to the Heavenly Dragon Divine Armor College, to the human race of the Alldevil Star-Field. You carry a responsibility to save the Alldevil Star-Field. In the future, you will be heroes whose names will go down in the Alldevil Star-Field’s history. But if you die before finishing your apprenticeship, that would be a wasteful death. Don’t let yourselves look down on yourselves.”

Everyone laughed at that. They were all very excited. They had never encountered a leader like Long Chen who thought so much of them. Furthermore, the way he talked was fun and casual. It made them feel closer to him.

After Long Chen gave them the instructions, they immediately took out their battle armors and forging tables, getting to work right within the plaza.

Forging was the real strength of the Heavenly Dragon Divine Armor College’s disciples. It had to be known that all these battle armors were mostly made according to the measurements of each disciple.

Based on their own strong points and weaknesses, they would create battle armors that suited them the most. Other than these three hundred people, Xie Liuer, Leng Hui, Xie Qianqian, Tu Hu, and the others had taken the first step and finished changing their battle armors.

By this time, Xie Liuer and Leng Hui felt such admiration for Long Chen that they prostrated themselves toward him. The Starry River of the Sky Art had brought on a heaven-toppling transformation for them. They finally understood why someone as talented as Guo Ran would be willing to be the junior brother of Long Chen.

The forging of the Starry River Battle Armors was overseen by Xie Liuer, Leng Hui, and Guo Ran. As for Long Chen, he only took a brief break before continuing to refine Violet Tower Pills. Seven days later, the third star, the Life Fate Star, had also turned violet, and the violet qi in his body strengthened.

During this time, he hadn’t just finished turning the Life Fate Star violet, but he had also increased his realm to the sixth Heavenstage. Hence, his power once more soared. He was only one step away from the late Divine Lord realm.

It was on this seventh day that the three hundred Starry River Battle Armors were completed. Coincidentally, it was also on this day that Clear Rain City sent an urgent request for aid.

“Brothers, the moment you’ve been waiting for has come. We’ll teach those brutes just how amazing the starry river warriors are. We’ll slaughter them until their blood flows like rivers!”

After receiving this distress signal, Guo Ran instantly gathered a hundred thousand disciples. They then charged toward Clear Rain City in three hundred battleships.