Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3607

BANG!

The Qingying Battleship trembled. The endless runes covering its body suddenly emitted a blinding light like a sun.

BOOM!

In front of countless shocked and horrified gazes, this unmatched battleship exploded. The huge explosion shook the entire world, and all the mountains within millions of miles crumbled.

The people on the battleship were instantly turned to dust, and fragments of the battleship shot out in every direction like shooting stars, piercing the land and forming bottomless pits. After that, raging lava came gushing out of those holes. The world became a sea of fire.

The Qingying Battleship was destroyed, but Long Chen was shocked inside. He had used the mysterious dagger to pierce through its defenses. The materials that the battleship was made out of might be incomparably tough, but they were still as weak as tofu in front of this black dagger.

The dagger was so sharp that nothing could stop it. If Long Chen hadn’t shot after it, who knew how far the dagger would have flown? If it weren’t for its hilt giving it some drag, Long Chen felt like this dagger could even pierce through this entire world. Its sharpness was just that terrifying.

“The Qingying Battleship really was powerful.”

Long Chen put away the dagger. Looking at the ravaged land, he was shocked inside. When he had passed through the Qingying Battleship, he had tossed the World Extermination Flame Lotus into its core.

He had thought that the attack would directly cause the Qingying Battleship to explode. However, the World Extermination Flame Lotus had only destroyed its core. It was not the direct cause of the explosion.

The explosion was due to the destruction of the core. The resultant energy disbalance and the clash of opposing flows of energies were what caused it to explode.

Although this World Extermination Flame Lotus was not fully charged, the main thing was that the current Huo Linger was far stronger. The power of this attack was almost equivalent to a full-power attack from before she had entered the Heavenly Flame World. But even such a force exploding in the Qingying Battleship’s weakest part had not made it directly explode. That truly showed that the Qingying Battleship’s power was terrifying.

Long Chen stood within the chaotic currents of raging flames. He was like a boulder within their midst, like a god overlooking the world. He possessed an indescribable calmness.

As for the others on the battlefield, they were still stunned by this attack. The unmatched Qingying Battleship had actually been destroyed. It took them a long time to recover from their shock.

Xie Liuer, Leng Hui, Tu Hu, and the others were all dumbfounded. They could not believe that a person could possess such terrifying power.

“Boss is mighty and domineering! Brothers, the Qingying Battleship has been beaten by boss! The rest will be up to us! Continue your performance!” Guo Ran shouted, directly leading the charge into the enemy battleships.

After that, the starry river warriors in their Starry River Battle Armors fearlessly charged at the enemy battleships. These battleships specialized in long-range attacks and wide-area attacks. Hence, other than the Qingying Battleship, the rest of these battleships were not agile enough to dodge and get away. As soon as the starry river warriors reached them, the battleships were doomed.

The starry river warriors crazily attacked the runes on the battleships. The enemy originally wanted to use the defensive prowess of these battleships to shake them to death, but the starry river warriors had starry river diagrams light up on their battle armors. In this state, these defenses were only able to knock them back occasionally without causing any true harm.

As a result, the starry river warriors rapidly broke down the runes of the battleships. Once they were worn down to a certain extent, they would leave, and the Heavenly Dragon Divine Armor College’s battleships would launch an attack that destroyed them.

In the beginning, everyone’s cooperation was rather messy as they were afraid of harming their own people. But after a while, the warriors got used to fighting together. The starry river warriors took charge of breaking the runes on the enemy battleships, while the college’s battleships took charge of transport and launching the killing blow at the end. As a result, the enemy battleships were destroyed one by one.

The enemy had come with over a thousand battleships. Even without the Qingying Battleship, they had an overwhelming advantage, but the starry river warriors were just too fierce. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

As for Guo Ran, his armor had recovered during this time, so he entered the battlefield once more. He directed people’s attacks, and with his addition, the college’s warriors fought cleanly and methodically. In less than an hour, the enemy battleships were reduced to under five hundred.

Ultimately, the remaining battleships could only flee. They had lost the majority of their battleships, while the Heavenly Dragon Divine Armor College only lost seven battleships. The disparity was immense. They had no choice but to flee.

The spatial gates in the air had long since vanished. It wasn’t that the other side had retracted them but that there were time limits on them. Transporting such giant battleships rapidly used up the longevity of a spatial gate.

Having transported so many battleships at once, these spatial gates had long since reached their limit and could no longer be used. If they wanted to use the spatial gates again, they would need to reconstruct them.

However, constructing a spatial gate was not easy. It required a huge amount of energy, resources, and manpower. There was no way to reconstruct spatial channels on this scale without ten to fifteen days of work.

Seeing these battleships fleeing, the Heavenly Dragon Divine Armor College’s warriors chased them down, destroying them as they ran. After that, Clear Rain City’s commoners let out huge cheers.

Ever since the Alldevil Star-Field was sealed, people were living under a suppressive atmosphere. The entire world seemed to have become darker.

However, this victory revitalized Clear Rain City and even the entire human race of the Alldevil Star-Field. This was precisely what they had been thirsting for. This victory parted the mist, allowing them to see sunlight, to see hope.

This kind of emotion could not be described with words. All throughout the city, people were cheering. Some even held their heads and wept from emotion. That was because during this time, it had only been the human race taking losses. Many of their experts had died in battle.

It wasn’t just Clear Rain City’s commoners cheering. The Heavenly Dragon Divine Armor College’s disciples were also letting out beast-like roars. The sullenness that they had been suppressing in their hearts for so long was fully released.

This was a beautiful victory, the opening act of the human race’s counterattack. It cleared away the human race’s humiliation. This was also the human race’s first major victory ever since the Hongying era.

Ever since Luo Qingying died and Xia Guhong left, the human race no longer saw any hope. People all felt that the human race would be suppressed by the Alldevil race. It was like the punishment of the heavens for their foolishness.

Although Luo Qingying’s death was caused by the Luo clan’s traitors, people had also suspected Xia Guhong before that, thinking that he had his own motives. The people who smeared his name were not just from the Luo clan. The entire human race was blinded by the profit that was right in front of them, and their conscience was quiet in front of that greed. That was what resulted in Xia Guhong leaving. Thinking back on it, this was their own sin. There was nothing that they could say.

Even though they now wanted to admit their sins, Luo Qingying was already dead and Xia Guhong would never come back. They would ultimately have to pay the painful price for their own foolishness.

When people saw that figure with a saber on his back and his black robes fluttering around him, his calm and easy appearance reminded them of Xia Guhong. That peerless hero whose light had encompassed the world superimposed on top of Long Chen, letting them see endless hope.