Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3627

“I, Long Chen, have spent a lifetime fighting countless battles. I swept through whole worlds, slaying so many demons, devils, ghosts, and other monsters that I cannot even remember them all. If I wasn’t in battle, I was on my way to the next battle. You are a toad at the bottom of a well and only know how to brag. I’ve grown numb to toads like you. I don’t know how many of you I’ve trampled, so I’m not interested at all,” retorted Long Chen in the face of Alldevil Tianye’s arrogance.

“Ignorant, foolish, and overconfident. Do you not know that in the desolate era, your human race was at the bottom of the food chain? At that time, the human race was nothing more than servants of my Alldevil race. All of you were livestock that we raised,” said Alldevil Tianye sinisterly.

The human race truly did have a difficult time surviving in the desolate era. At that time, they were considered the wealth of the various large races.

However, the human race was smart and capable of creating all kinds of tools. They could help their masters invent things that they couldn’t.

With how weak the human race’s physical bodies were, those powerful races didn’t feel any threat from them at all. Hence, the human race was raised like tools.

That period of history was an indescribable pain to the human race, a humiliation that could not be washed away.

Hearing these words, all the humans of the Alldevil Star-Field were enraged at having this scab picked at. At the same time, they felt immense pain.

Long Chen furiously replied, “Idiot, there is no eternal hegemon in this world. The sun rises and falls, the moon waxes and wanes. The times are always changing. The past era belonged to you, but I am telling you that the current era definitely belongs to our human race. As long as I, Long Chen, am present, the human race will definitely stand at the pinnacle of the ten thousand races. Other races will kneel to us. As for idiots like you, you will only be fit to pay tributes to us, living off of our mercy.”

Long Chen’s voice was like an imperial edict. When he shouted, the world quivered and the ten thousand Daos cried. Echoes rang out. It was as if he was the ruler of the immortal world, as if his word could not be defied.

As his voice echoed throughout the world, adding on his power that suppressed Alldevil Tianye’s aura, countless people felt their blood burning with battle intent. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Bullshit! The human race is only fit to be slaves! Your very nature is to be slaves! Otherwise, why would the human race produce so many traitors that betray your own race and submit to my grand Alldevil race?!” Alldevil Tianye roared furiously. “Alldevil manifestation, Devil Sea Night Tide Sound, get out here!”

Just then, Alldevil Tianye’s Blood Qi reached a critical level and erupted.

Previously, his aura had been leaking out as if there was a crack in the dam. Now, it was like the dam had collapsed. Endless devil qi formed a terrifying tide, scouring against heaven and earth. In an instant, Alldevil Tianye’s power soared by multiple times.

This was a power that sparked despair. The world was practically unable to endure it. As the devil qi crashed against the world, people could see Heavenly Dao energy being gradually forced away. The dark tide seemed to transform the world into a devil world.

When the black tide appeared, the Alldevil experts as well as the devil beasts had their Blood Qi ignite. It was as if they had gone crazy. They attacked the human race’s army frenetically.

At this moment, they seemed to have lost their intelligence. Their eyes were red with a crazed desire to kill, and they had no fear. The pressure on the human race’s army instantly increased.

“Inferior human, now do you know the difference between us? The human race’s power is as weak as an ant!”

Alldevil Tianye was within the sea of devil qi, appearing to be an unmatched devil king. His arms bulged, and Long Chen was instantly blown off of him. As Long Chen took several steps back, the void collapsed beneath his feet.

“Power? You want to compete in terms of power with me? Even I don’t know just how much power I have right now. Little toad, have a look at what real power is!”

Following Long Chen’s cry, ninety-nine stars lit up within the sea of stars behind Long Chen. His clothes fluttered despite there being no wind. The next moment, a vast, endless power unfurled.

“Dragon Blood Battle Armor!”

“Six Star Battle Armor!”

Long Chen’s Blood Qi was fully circulating. He finally unleashed his full power.

Violet qi and stars then swirled around Long Chen. It was as if he was a celestial god of the stars.

As Long Chen’s Blood Qi rumbled, a dragon cry resounded throughout heaven and earth. The sacred dragon might then mixed with Long Chen’s astral energy. Guo Ran’s body also shook as he felt the dragon blood in his body resonating with it. It was like he had been injected with chicken blood, and his entire body was full of power.

At the same time as Long Chen drew the stars into his body, the three hundred and sixty thousand starry river warriors felt endless starry energy flooding into their bodies. Their battle armors automatically rumbled.

Their battle armors actually formed a resonance with Long Chen’s manifestation. Just like that, a portion of the astral energy that Long Chen drew in entered their bodies.

“Kill!”

Guo Ran felt his head buzz. Fear? Cowardice? They had nothing to do with him any longer. It was as if he had become a true dragon, possessing endless arrogance and domineeringness. He wanted to slaughter all of his enemies.

“Kill!”

The three hundred and sixty thousand starry river warriors were also affected by Long Chen. They didn’t even need to do anything to draw in astral energy. They could directly summon an endless stream of energy, and it was so much that they couldn’t even use it all.

Under Guo Ran’s lead, the Starry River Legion, which was originally being suppressed after the devil tide appeared, launched a crazy counterattack. Like madmen, they slaughtered the experts of the Alldevil race.

The Alldevil race had entered a state of madness, but now the three hundred and sixty thousand starry river warriors had also erupted with unprecedented power. They were fearless.

Upon seeing this, Xue Yifan, the patriarch of the Celestial Essence Sect, and the others immediately ordered the battleships to cooperate with the starry river warriors, helping them block the incoming attacks and lessening the pressure on them as much as possible.

They could also tell that this battle was going just as Long Chen planned. The starry river warriors were their main force, and the human race’s victory or defeat depended on them. Since this was the case, the old experts had to do their best to protect them.

However, they also knew that victory or defeat depended ninety-nine percent on Long Chen. Seeing him standing in the air, unleashing an unrivaled aura, even these old fellows felt their blood heating up. If they weren’t in command of troops, they would have the urge to charge head-first into the battle as well.

Regretfully, Long Chen had given the half-step Divine Venerates the mission of protecting the starry river warriors and the city. They had to obey orders. They also knew that their position was important, as no one could replace them.

“No matter how strong you are, can you compete with the great Alldevil race?” Alldevil Tianye roared.

Both of their auras grew crazily. One had a devil qi tide behind him, and the other had a starry sea with violet qi. A black and a violet sphere repeatedly clashed. It was like two worlds crashing against each other, resulting in ear-piercing explosions that caused the world to lose its original color.