Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3638 Heavenly Talisman Star-Field, Spirit Rune Pavilion

Once they were out of the Alldevil Star-Field, Long Chen and Guo Ran found a place to rest. However, they didn’t enter a city but went to a deep mountain range instead.

“Boss, the aura here doesn’t feel quite the same as in the Alldevil Star-Field. I feel like it’s easier to breathe here,” said Guo Ran.

“That is due to the spirit of the Alldevil Star-Field not being very friendly toward the human race. It instead feels a bit closer to the Alldevil race and the devil beasts,” said Long Chen.

“No way! Isn’t the spirit of heaven and earth impartial? And isn’t the human race the spirit of the ten thousand creatures? Even if it is to be biased, it should be biased toward the human race! The Martial Heaven Continent’s spirit gave everything to us. Why would the Alldevil Star-Field’s spirit be biased toward the devil race?” demanded Guo Ran.

Long Chen shook his head. “I’m also not sure about the details. In any case, when I entered the Alldevil Star-Field, I felt that this world wasn’t very friendly toward me. I’m already used to such a feeling, but then I found out that it wasn’t targeting me specifically but the whole human race. I brought it up with dean Xue Yifan. He said that the Alldevil Star-Field was not the human race’s territory at the start. There was a giant devil tide eruption that resulted in the devil race overflowing to the nearby worlds. When the human race fought back, they followed the tide back to the source and found the Alldevil Star-Field. As a result, the human race gradually spread roots in the Alldevil Star-Field. From the viewpoint of the Alldevil Star-Field’s spirit, the human race should be considered the invaders. Furthermore, the human race is constantly excavating the ores and smelting immortal metals. We damage the environment, so it’s normal for the human race not to be well-viewed.”

“So that’s the case!”

Long Chen continued, “Furthermore, I’ve gone through the Alldevil Star-Field’s history. There has never been a human to advance to the Divine Venerate realm in the Alldevil Star-Field. Big brother Xia Guhong only became a Divine Venerate after leaving the Alldevil Star-Field. Although I’m not clear on the Divine Venerate realm, I suspect that the reason dean Xue Yifan was stuck as a half-step Divine Venerate is related to the Alldevil Star-Field’s spirit.”

“How hateful! The Alldevil Star-Field’s spirit refuses to let the human race advance inside of its territory?!” raged Guo Ran.

“That’s possible. But we can’t be sure,” said Long Chen.

“Hmph, the Alldevil race is so savage, yet the Alldevil Star-Field’s spirit actually supports them. What a defiance of natural order. Boss, you have to think of a way to erase that spirit!” said Guo Ran emphatically.

Long Chen looked at Guo Ran and smiled slightly. “When looking at problems, you shouldn’t just look from your viewpoint. If you didn’t look from the side of the human race and instead viewed it as a spectator, you wouldn’t think that way.”

“What are you talking about?”

“The Alldevil race is savage. But is the human race any better?” asked Long Chen.

“Well…”

“Is the human race not savage? Just think about the path we walked. We’ve killed many savage lifeforms. But have I killed no humans? Are we more afraid of the savage devil race, or are we more afraid of the savage human race? Were the ones to cause us the most harm from the devil race? No, the ones to hurt us the most are almost always humans. Humans are greedy. Humans are hypocritical. Humans are brutal. Humans are cheaters. We carry out countless ugly conducts for personal gain. If you weren’t human, would you like the human race?” asked Long Chen.

“It seems… I wouldn’t really like the human race. This is depressing.” Guo Ran bitterly smiled. Just before, he had been full of hatred for the Alldevil spirit. But now, he could only sigh.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“What is so depressing? Human nature has an ugly side, but it also has a beautiful side. Kindness, bravery, diligence, these are all parts of the human race as well. Caring about others, being able to risk their lives fearlessly for others, can other races do that?” Long Chen smiled.

“That’s also right!” Guo Ran smiled.

Long Chen scolded him with a smile, “Can you form your own opinion? You’re just agreeing with whatever I say. Why don’t you think about it yourself?”

“Since I’m following boss and boss is always right, why bother? I can’t be bothered to vex myself like that,” chortled Guo Ran. “Speaking of which, boss, did you end up injuring yourself last time? Why do you need this break to recover?”

“Alldevil Tianye’s Supreme Bone was truly terrifying. The wound it left behind contains a strange law. After breaking my bones, its devil qi invaded my flesh and soul. Using my own power, I erased about eighty percent of it, but the remaining twenty percent can only be slowly ground away. However, in the Alldevil Star-Field, the Heavenly Daos support the power of the Alldevil race. So I had to leave before fully recovering,” explained Long Chen.

Alldevil Tianye’s Supreme Bone was truly strange. It contained a power that Long Chen had never encountered before. If it weren’t for his abundant violet qi and astral energy, he would have very likely lost.

However, Long Chen still had absolute confidence in himself. This time, he had gathered enough medicinal ingredients. Once all six stars turned violet, he could condense the Violet Tower Star. When he summoned the Seven Star Battle Armor, who would he have to fear?

“Damn, this Supreme Bone is even stronger than I imagined!” exclaimed Guo Ran.

“Of course, it is. I estimate that Alldevil Tianye had not used even a tenth of this Supreme Bone’s power. Of course, with his realm, that was his limit. Any more than that and the Supreme Bone would have blown him apart. This Supreme Bone has limitless potential. Nourish it properly so that you can subdue it sooner,” said Long Chen. Only he knew just how terrifying a Supreme Bone was, having experienced it himself.

“Boss, it, it…!” Guo Ran suddenly cried out.

“What is it?!”

“The Supreme Bone… it’s starting to absorb my energy! It is accepting my nourishing!” Guo Ran was delighted.

“Most likely, leaving the Alldevil Star-Field caused it to lose any further supply of energy. Not wanting to be destroyed, it could only accept another source of energy. Excellent, this is a good start. Keep nourishing it with your mind. Make it grow dependent on you. Gradually erase any sense of hostility, and you’ll have completed the first step,” said Long Chen.

“Hahaha, I have a Supreme Bone! I’ll have a Supreme arm! I’ll be a Supreme genius!” Guo Ran cried out excitedly. He could already see himself being a supreme expert overlooking the entire world.

Long Chen couldn’t be bothered knocking down his dreams. Guo Ran hadn’t even finished the first step, but he was already dreaming. At this moment, Long Chen was using Heavenly Dao energy to heal his wounds. Huo Linger and Lei Linger also slowly recovered.

Last time, if it hadn’t been for the two of them helping him defend against that terrifying backlash, he would have been unable to control his final attack. They had yet to recover, so he didn’t dare to run around randomly.

After resting for ten days, Huo Linger and Lei Linger finally recovered their energy. As for Long Chen, he had long since reached his peak condition.

“Move out! We’re coming, Heavenly Talisman Star-Field, Spirit Rune Pavilion!”