Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Chapter 3645 Despicable Grandfather and Granddaughter

When Xia Chen ascended from the Martial Heaven Continent, he arrived in the Heavenly Talisman Star-Field. He then directly aimed for the Spirit Rune Pavilion due to its reputation.

Just like Guo Ran, he was rejected. He didn’t have enough power, nor did he have the money to pay to take the test. That was ignoring all the money he needed for his future cultivation.

Moreover, Xia Chen wasn’t as fortunate as Guo Ran. No one came to help him. In order to stay in the Spirit Rune Pavilion, Xia Chen had to register as a regular worker first.

He started off just playing second fiddle to those Talisman Apprentices, secretly studying as he worked. The talismans and runes that he started off with were made with pieces of trash material that he gathered over time. They were essentially scrap.

In that environment, Xia Chen steadily learned things bit by bit, accumulating power. Finally, as a worker, he had the chance to butt in a trial for disciples, managing to draw the attention of an instructor.

Xia Chen chose to interrupt during a certain question that had befuddled that instructor for a long time. After that, Xia Chen’s words ended up enlightening the instructor, instantly causing him to favor Xia Chen.

That instructor was someone that Xia Chen had had an eye on for a long time. His character wasn’t bad. That was why Xia Chen had taken this chance to show off when the chance came.

That instructor then showed favor to Xia Chen, paying for him and using his own connections to set up a test for Xia Chen to become a Talisman Apprentice. As a result, Xia Chen passed with full marks, astonishing everyone.

After that, Xia Chen was like a soaring phoenix. As he constantly learned more, his terrifying talent was gradually displayed. The entire Spirit Rune Pavilion began to take note of him.

When he passed the trial to become a Talisman Master, his fame was even more resounding. As for the trial for Talisman Grandmaster, although he failed, he still shook the entire Heavenly Talisman Star-Field.

The Heavenly Talisman Star-Field might not see such a genius talisman cultivator in tens of thousands of years. At that time, Xia Chen became the most brilliant star, and countless talisman cultivators worshiped him. Wherever he went, he was followed by fawning people, and there were countless beauties around him. He was always the brightest star in any event.

What moved Xia Chen the most was that he not only gained the favor of the pavilion master, Gongsun Xuan, but he also gained the favor of the Spirit Rune Pavilion’s number one beauty.

Gongsun Ziyi was famous for being an ice beauty and not being moved by any man. Only Xia Chen could win her favor, and they even had a marriage agreement. At that moment, Xia Chen would say that he had reached the pinnacle of his life.

He had a beauty to accompany him all day, and the Spirit Rune Pavilion’s tomes were all available for him to peruse. They didn’t hold anything back.

Xia Chen then grew more and more familiar with talismans and runes. His perseverance was almost maniacal. It seemed that he had grown to love this work more than his own life.

After that, practically the entire Heavenly Talisman Star-Field’s tomes were at his disposal. He studied all kinds of runes, and the pavilion’s Elders even discussed the evolution of various runes with him. He then ended up inferring runes of the ancient era and writing plenty of his thoughts on the subject. It could be said that he had made huge contributions to the Spirit Rune Pavilion.

“Brother, you were so skilled that you could interpret the ancient era’s talismans, causing the Spirit Rune Pavilion to soar once more. You have limitless potential. Is the Gongsun family crazy? Why would they try to destroy you?” Guo Ran couldn’t help asking.

Xia Chen bitterly smiled. “That was my first thought too. I was completely loyal to the Spirit Rune Pavilion. Countless headhunters secretly tried to buy me, but I rejected them all. It wasn’t because the pavilion master had so much trust in me or because Gongsun Ziyi treated me so well. I simply felt that after learning all my skills from the Spirit Rune Pavilion, this place was my home, and I couldn’t do anything that would be a betrayal of my home. But I didn’t expect that while my heart was clear and bright, they were actually using me. At first, they only eyed my talent with runes, but then their target turned to my soul energy seed and my body. At that time, I fell for a trap that they set up. Gongsun Ziyi tried to take my soul energy seed, while Gongsun Xuan wanted to take over my body. That grandfather and granddaughter are animals!”

A vein throbbed on Xia Chen’s forehead when he explained this. Killing intent filled his eyes.

He had always shown loyalty to the Spirit Rune Pavilion, but why would the Spirit Rune Pavilion bear malice toward him?

He had never expected that this one matter would completely change their thinking. There was a restricted area in the Spirit Rune Pavilion called the Spirit Rune Sacred Land. It was actually a palace where the Spirit Rune Pavilion’s most ancient inheritance was locked.

It was said to contain the true foundation of the Spirit Rune Pavilion. Inside was a record of the most profound talismans of ancient times. However, since no one could crack the runes on the gate, the inheritance had remained locked inside for tens of thousands of years. No one knew what was really there.

It went without saying that Xia Chen was a genius. In just over a month, through repeated calculations and deductions, he finally opened this gate that had been locked for countless years.

What he hadn’t expected was that by opening this gate, he also opened the path to his own demise. Just as he was cheering over his success, a poisonous dagger stabbed him through the back.

He would never forget Gongsun Ziyi’s cold sneer when he turned back. That smile was full of disdain and the pity of someone who thought of themselves as far, far above him.

Meanwhile, Gongsun Xuan just watched from the side. He was like a wily old fox with everything in his control. What was in his eyes was not pity; it was greed!

Perhaps it was due to her pity, but Gongsun Ziyi told Xia Chen the reason for this. Even Xia Chen was unaware that his soul energy was actually so pure that it had mutated. With the right conditions, it was possible to produce a mutated Spirit Root, and it could be considered a talisman element Spirit Root.

A mutated Spirit Root was just as precious as a Supreme Bone. Also, Xia Chen’s cultivation base was at the late Divine Lord realm, the optimal time to take a mutated Spirit Root. If Xia Chen advanced and became an Immortal King, the Spirit Root would awaken and remember his body. At that time, taking it would be very difficult. Even if they did, it would be difficult to get it to form a connection with someone else.

It had taken a great deal of consideration for them to do this to Xia Chen. His talent was so great that he had helped the Spirit Rune Pavilion progress rapidly. But a mutated Spirit Root was even more attractive than his talent.

Gongsun Xuan was also eyeing Xia Chen’s body. Xia Chen’s talent with runes was astonishing, so his body would have memories of that talent. For that purpose, Gongsun Xuan was planning on taking over his body. Since that was the case, the two of them chose to make their move just as Xia Chen opened the gate to this sacred land.

With the gate open, they felt that Xia Chen wasn’t too useful any longer, and so they went to take everything that he had.

However, they hadn’t expected Xia Chen, who was exhausted at that time, to have studied an ancient death substitution talisman. He had stuck one to himself as soon as he learned how to make them. He hadn’t even had an opportunity to tell them about his success in this research before they attacked him.

Luckily, it wasn’t time for Xia Chen to die yet. Just as they were about to kill him, he activated the death substitution talisman and escaped.

“Fuck, how hateful! Repaying kindness with enmity! They are worse than animals!” Guo Ran clenched his teeth furiously, wanting to directly charge over and kill the two of them right now.