Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3676 Tenth Heavenstage of Divine Lord

After Long Chen and the others left, a piece of news struck the entire Violet Flame Heaven like thunder.

The Nine Underworld Island, the Nine Underworld Hall’s number two stronghold, was actually destroyed. The sea of mist curiously vanished, along with all the islands and assassins.

At first, people only heard a huge explosion and didn’t dare to get close. After all, that was the Nine Underworld Hall’s territory. No one dared to touch the viper’s head.

However, people’s curiosity was limitless. In the end, some people snuck over to take a look at what happened.

Following that, they found that everything in that area was gone. There were still some terrifying energy fluctuations coming from inside, and the sea was still raging. Lightning was still streaking through the air randomly, making it so that others didn’t dare to go too far.

After observing for a long time, people realized that no one from the Nine Underworld Hall was coming to expel them. Their guts grew big enough to approach the core region.

As a result, they found that this place had gone through a terrifying battle. There were still various kinds of energy left on the battlefield, and the vast faith energy in particular was suffocating.

In the end, people came to a shocking conclusion. The Nine Underworld Island was gone, and the number two stronghold of the Nine Underworld Hall had been destroyed. From the remnant air of resentment hanging in the air, most likely no one on the Nine Underworld Island had escaped.

However, no one knew who did this. The Nine Underworld Hall was an assassination organization, so there was no way that they would divulge the truth to the outside world. Because of that, all kinds of guesses ran rampant and the news rapidly spread. Huge waves soared in the cultivation world due to this.

As for the three fellows that had personally destroyed the Nine Underworld Island, they were currently sitting in a flying boat, leisurely flying through the Violet Flame Heaven.

With a genius formation master like Xia Chen present, no one was able to find them. Xia Chen and Guo Ran started researching various strange and ancient things now that they had nothing else to do.

Guo Ran’s Devil Dragon Battle Armor now had thirty percent of its runes set. The remaining seventy percent were being planned, but the two of them were still pondering various ideas for them. To use Xia Chen’s words, they would definitely create a divine armor that would shake the world.

The two of them went so far as to even trick Lei Linger and Huo Linger into controlling the flying boat for them while they went to the rear to research things.

Lei Linger and Huo Linger were quite obedient. They calmly controlled the flying boat toward the Chaotic Star Sea.

Long Chen was also busy. He was constantly refining and consuming pills. He wasn’t just consuming Violet Tower Pills but also Divine Lord Pills to increase his cultivation base. After over ten days, the Violet Tower Star passed through the second star transformation, and his cultivation base reached the tenth Heavenstage.

It could be said that after reaching the late Divine Lord realm, Long Chen’s cultivation speed had clearly dropped. His speed was clearly impacted before condensing the Violet Tower Star.

However, after the actual Violet Tower Star was condensed, his cultivation speed picked up once more. Only now did he realize that his all-out efforts in consuming pills before were wasted. His cultivation speed was tied to the Violet Tower Star. Before the Violet Tower Star appeared, consuming so many pills was a waste.

He could clearly sense that after his cultivation base grew, a powerful energy swelled within him. However, that energy was actually absorbed by the Violet Tower Star.

Hence, at this moment, he finally understood that the Violet Tower Star required energy from all areas. It didn’t just require energy from medicinal pills but also his violet qi, astral energy, and even the energy of his cultivation base.

His cultivation base increased slower than before because the Violet Tower Star was waiting to devour it. Now that everything was present, it was all for nourishing the Violet Tower Star.

In other words, all of Long Chen’s power essentially resided within the Violet Tower Star. Even as he made breakthroughs, he didn’t sense his own power rising much.

However, he didn’t mind. He knew that the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art would give him a payback that made it all worth it.

His spiritual yuan was no longer so useful. In comparison, it was his violet qi that was more important. Against ordinary experts, his spiritual yuan was more than enough to deal with them. But against powerful enemies, he would use his violet qi.

Other than his violet qi and spiritual yuan, there was also his physical power, astral energy, flame energy, thunderforce, and other energies. He had plenty of trump cards.

Although they had been beaten badly by Liao Bencang this time, he wasn’t dejected. He actually felt even more confident.

As long as he could master the seven-color divine ring, then even within a faith domain, he would be able to fight. He had the utmost confidence in the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art.

Furthermore, Long Chen had a premonition that the Violet Tower Star would probably only go through the complete nine star transformations once he advanced to the Immortal King realm. 

Then with the Seven Star Battle Armor, he would have unimaginable power. Without advancing to the Immortal King realm, the power of the Seven Star Battle Armor would probably blast him apart.

Back then, that mysterious voice had told him that he wouldn’t be able to draw in astral energy before condensing the seventh star. But he had used his own method to draw down astral energy. It could be said that he had brazenly taken a step forward in this regard.

Furthermore, the voice also said that if he used astral energy, he would draw the attention of his enemies. Long Chen now knew that this most likely referred to the Star Peering Heavenly Mirror.

However, he had actually drawn in astral energy without the Star Peering Heavenly Mirror noticing him. That also proved that due to changing the cultivation path of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art, even something like the Star Peering Heavenly Mirror was unable to sense that he was a nine star heir.

Although he was a nine star heir, his cultivation path had deviated from the original path. If even the Star Peering Heavenly Mirror was unable to sense him, that was enough proof.

Originally, according to the cultivation of the normal nine star heirs, his seventh star should awaken in the Divine Lord realm. But based on his current situation, that was not possible.ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

The Violet Tower Star had only gone through the second star transformation, but he could already sense that it contained a terrifying power. With his current physical body, there was no way he could use the Seven Star Battle Armor in the Divine Lord realm.

Hence, he had given up on thinking about summoning the Seven Star Battle Armor within the Divine Lord realm. But even if he couldn’t summon the Seven Star Battle Armor, the seven-color divine ring should be no problem.

He had summoned the seven-color divine ring. Although it was destroyed by Liao Bencang’s faith domain, that was because the seven-color divine ring was still too tender. Now Long Chen had gone through the second star transformation, and the violet divine ring’s aura had strengthened by multiple times.

Long Chen himself didn’t know what kind of changes the seven-color divine ring would go through once he went through all nine star transformations.

To sum it up, this battle didn’t deject Long Chen. He was confident in the limitless potential of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art.

Days later, after constant twists and turns, Long Chen’s flying boat once more descended upon the Chaotic Star Sea. 

“The Soaring Dragon Company rebuilt their treasuries?! Brothers, let’s plunder them again!”

Guo Ran and Xia Chen’s eyes lit up like bandits when they saw the Soaring Dragon Company.

Favorite