Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3705 Yu Qingxuan’s History

This girl had an odd expression. She felt like something was off, but she couldn’t say anything. Seeing Long Chen handing over the talisman, she then handed a thousand immortal king crystals to Long Chen.

Yu Qingxuan was smiling behind Long Chen. She knew that she couldn’t laugh at this time, or it would expose Long Chen, but she really couldn’t endure it anymore.

Long Chen took the thousand immortal king crystals. But just as the girl was about to leave, Long Chen called out to her and offered her another talisman from the stall.

“We’re having a special offer right now. Buy one get one free. For buying the Earth Evasion Talisman, you get a Body Substitute Talisman. Congratulations.”

“Wow, is my luck that good? Thank you!” The girl was incredibly excited. She thanked Long Chen and received the talisman before going.

“You’re losing out. Such a fine Body Substitute Talisman, it probably would go for no less than five thousand immortal king crystals,” said Yu Qingxuan with a smile. She had some knowledge of talismans.

Once the girl was gone, Long Chen shook his head. “There’s no way around it. There are always some people in this world that are so foolish that I feel sorry for them.”

Long Chen didn’t view himself as a good person, but when it came to such an innocent fool, he felt bad taking her money. Fortunately, he didn’t encounter such nice fools every day, or he’d be broke.

“Why are you looking at me like that?”

Long Chen suddenly found that Yu Qingxuan was staring at him oddly.

“You really are a good person, a very good person,” said Yu Qingxuan softly.

“Hehe, I like hearing that, especially from you. Why don’t you say it a few more times?” laughed Long Chen.

Yu Qingxuan also laughed, her eyes not leaving his. “Why would a kind person like you become a devil for me?”

Long Chen knew that the devil she was referring to was him when his heart-devil erupted last time outside the Heavenly Flame World.

Long Chen shook his head. “I don’t know. But I will not permit anyone to hurt you. Whether I have to be a good person or a devil, as long as I can protect you, I don’t mind.”

Yu Qingxuan suddenly smiled, revealing her perfect teeth. “Long Chen, do you know? I just recently learned that I have a father. I thought that my parents died a long time ago, and my master raised me on their behalf. But it was only after the matter of the Heavenly Flame World ended that my master told me my origins. He then brought me to see my father. Turns out that I am the princess of the Vermilion Bird Empire. Only a select few people within the entire Vermilion Bird Empire knew of my existence. But I don’t know why they would send me away immediately after birthing me. My master raised me, and I’m very grateful for him. But for some reason, I don’t feel that close warmth from him. My master is a sect leader, while my father is the monarch of an empire. Both of them have high and mighty airs. I am respectful toward them, but that also makes me want to distance myself from them. Likewise, I’m always nice to people, but I don’t have a single true friend. They respect me, they worship me, they get close to me, they want to hear me discuss the Dao, they want to obtain my medicinal pills, but they aren’t really my friends. Only with you do I feel completely unconstrained. Do you know? In this world, you are my only friend.”

Long Chen looked at the tender gaze from Yu Qingxuan’s eyes. That gaze moved the weakest part of Long Chen’s heart.

On the Martial Heaven Continent, when he held her as she died, her gaze was almost identical.

Without realizing it, Long Chen’s tears slowly flowed down. She was her; there was no mistake. Although the timing was off with her reincarnation, he was sure that the two were the same.

The person who had loved him for a thousand lifetimes, the person who had used her own life to try to awaken him, he finally found her.

Before this, Long Chen had told himself that she was Yu Qingxuan and that Yu Qingxuan was her. But even then, he still had doubts. It was only today when he saw this gaze that his heart was fully sure.

“I’ve finally found you…”

“You… you’re crying?” Yu Qingxuan was flustered. She took out a handkerchief and dabbed at Long Chen’s tears.

“I… I’m happy. To be your only friend… I’m really happy,” said Long Chen.

He still didn’t want to tell Yu Qingxuan about their past. He owed Yu Qingxuan far too much, so he didn’t want her to be burdened by their past. He would use his own power to make her fall in love with him again. He wouldn’t use the shackles of the past.

“Wipe away your tears. Otherwise, if others see, they’ll think that I’m bullying you. The great High Firmament Academy’s youngest dean is actually a crybaby.” Yu Qingxuan smiled, and even though she told Long Chen to wipe away his tears, she was the one doing it for him.

Long Chen also smiled. “I normally only shed blood against enemies. But against the people closest to me, I end up shedding tears. In front of you, I don’t need to put up any pretenses.”

“Hey, little fellow, how much for this?”

Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan were in the midst of talking when a large man swaggered over and pointed at a talisman.

“Scram!”

The intimate atmosphere was shattered. For this man to be so blind, Long Chen directly shouted at him.

The large man was enraged, but the moment he locked eyes with Long Chen, his hair stood on end. He was so terrified that he didn’t even dare to make a sound.

“You’re so fierce. How are you going to sell things like this?” laughed Yu Qingxuan.

“I’m not a seller anyway. Looting others is my main profession. That irritating fellow? I can’t be bothered about his money,” explained Long Chen. In truth, Long Chen wasn’t lacking money at all. He only wanted to accompany Yu Qingxuan.

“Little brother, how much do you want for this talisman?” A young maiden with a ponytail came over, her eyes brightening upon seeing one particular talisman.

“Take it. It’s free.” Long Chen waved his hand.

At first, she thought that he was just joking. It was only when Long Chen put the talisman in her hand and shooed her off that she understood that it was not a joke.

“What? Do you think that she’s pretty, so you gave it to her for free?” laughed Yu Qingxuan.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“She’s from the Spirit race. I don’t know what exact branch, but I really like the Spirit race’s people. The Spirit race has helped me while I was in crisis many times, so how could I accept her money?” Long Chen looked around stealthily after saying that before whispering, “Well, the main thing is that I’m not the one who made the talismans, so giving them away for free doesn’t hurt me at all.”

Long Chen’s wink made Yu Qingxuan laugh. Suddenly, the tablet on her waist flashed and her expression instantly changed.

“Not good. Our people have run into trouble.”

Favorite

Chapter marked as read!