Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3707 Heavenly Ruler Seal’s Prince He Changtian

“Who… who are you?!” The Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire’s experts were all bewildered and terrified.

“I swept through-” Guo Ran cleared his throat and began to chant his opening line.

Suddenly, countless auras soared as thousands of experts surrounded this place. These people were all wearing robes of the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire. Their leader was an expert wreathed in flames.

His figure was large, and as the flames raged around him, his Blood Qi also burned strongly. It was as if his essence blood was a slumbering volcano that could erupt at any moment.

Most shocking of all were his eyes. They actually had a flame mark burning within them. When they opened and closed, it felt like people were seeing two suns. He gave off an intense sense of pressure.

This was a Supreme expert. As soon as he arrived, his aura made others feel like they couldn’t breathe.

“You dare to kill my Heavenly Ruler Seal’s people. Do you know how the character for death is written?” demanded the flame Supreme expert.

His voice was like rolling thunder, shaking the void. At this moment, the surrounding air flickered. People could see endless flame energy circulating within this world. He was like a flame god, an existence that people didn’t even dare to look at.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Who cares about the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire? In front of me, Guo Ran, even tigers and dragons must kneel. You don’t like it? Then I’ll beat you until you submit.” Guo Ran was displeased because his opening act was interrupted, so he sneered at this Supreme expert.

“Courting death!” One of the people beside the Supreme expert shouted angrily. He suddenly moved as quick as lightning, his spear piercing toward Guo Ran’s throat.

He directly attacked just due to some words. Furthermore, his killing intent was completely unleashed. He didn’t hold back in the slightest. It seemed that he really was intent on killing Guo Ran.

Seeing that, Long Chen narrowed his eyes. Without him being aware of it, his killing intent began to swell within his chest. These people were quite arrogant.

“Kill him,” ordered Long Chen coldly.

Just as he said this, that flame-wrapped spear stopped in front of Guo Ran. A hand easily caught the speartip.

Seeing this, the Supreme expert of the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire twitched. It was only now that Guo Ran defended that he realized Guo Ran was also a Supreme expert.

Guo Ran’s arm wasn’t his own, so when he wasn’t using the power of his Supreme Bone, others didn’t sense his aura.

In truth, Guo Ran had done this on purpose. Only like this could he disguise himself as a pig to eat the tiger. He first lulled his opponents into carelessness.

“Get back!” shouted the Supreme expert.

Regretfully, Guo Ran didn’t give him that chance. The power of his Supreme Bone erupted. With a single shove, an overwhelming power flowed through the spear, causing it to ram into that person’s body. He didn’t even make a grunt before exploding.

“An insignificant ant also dares to embarrass himself in front of me? How laughable,” sneered Guo Ran. He tossed the spear casually.

Just like that, the burning spear shot toward the Supreme expert.

BOOM!

That Supreme expert reached out to grab the spear. As he did, the ground beneath his feet let out an explosive sound. Clearly, Guo Ran’s casual toss contained the power of his Supreme Bone. An ordinary person would be directly blown apart if they tried to catch it. Guo Ran was testing this person with this blow.

“Who are you?! Are you trying to become enemies with my Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire?!” The flame Supreme expert shouted. Clearly, he hadn’t expected to stumble across a Supreme expert here.

It had to be known that Supreme experts all had major powers behind them. He had to know what status the other side had.

“I am Long Chen’s subordinate, the Dragonblood Legion’s general, Guo Ran!” announced Guo Ran arrogantly, his hands clasped behind him.

“The Dragonblood Legion? What nonsense are you spouting? Why haven’t I heard of them?” demanded someone from the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire.

“It’s fine that you haven’t heard of us. You’ll know in the future. The name of the Dragonblood Legion will quickly spread throughout the nine heavens and ten lands. The entire world will shake due to this name,” claimed Guo Ran confidently.

“Brat, I don’t care where you’re from. Tell me, do you want to get drawn into muddy water today?” demanded the Supreme expert.

Naturally, this muddy water referred to the matter between the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire and the Vermilion Bird Empire. He was probing, wanting to see if Guo Ran really was part of the Vermilion Bird Empire.

“Muddy water? I don’t give a damn about it. I only listen to my boss. Are you deaf? Did you not hear? I already said that I am the general of Long Chen’s Dragonblood Legion. Boss Long Chen is right there. Can you not see?” sneered Guo Ran.

Glib talk wasn’t his specialty. Now that he had a Supreme Bone, he felt like it was always better to directly fight than argue.

“Long Chen?”

The Supreme expert suddenly reacted. He looked at Yu Qingxuan and Long Chen.

“You are Long Chen? Your guts aren’t small, alright. Do you want to stick your hands into the matters of our two empires?” asked the Supreme expert.

“Cut the crap. No need to probe me. The matters of the Vermilion Bird Empire are Qingxuan’s matters, and Qingxuan’s matters are my matters. I always do things simply. It’s simply a fight to the death. As for these little ploys of yours, I already stopped playing with them when I was a little child. So, let us keep it simple. Either scram or die. You pick!” said Long Chen coldly.

The crowned expert from before had called Yu Qingxuan a wild princess, enraging Long Chen. Then this person had attacked Guo Ran with the intent to kill. They clearly didn’t care about their lives. Thus, Long Chen also didn’t stand on courtesy. They were arrogant, right? Long Chen would show them what true arrogance looked like.

“Hahaha!” The Supreme expert suddenly raised his head and laughed. That laughter was full of killing intent. “Good! I, He Changtian, have never heard someone say such arrogant words to me before. Good, very good! Since you want to die, I’ll kill you right now! Everyone unrelated, get out of the way. I’m going to start a slaughter.”

“He Changtian, the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire’s third prince? He’s someone who awakened a Supreme bloodline and possesses a Heavenly Flame. He spent a lifetime in combat without ever losing. So it’s him.”

The people surrounding Yin Ting and the others retreated. Yin Ting and the others came behind Yu Qingxuan. Furthermore, other disciples of the Vermilion Bird Empire also arrived at this time, all of them with their weapons out. They were ready for a fight.

“Long Chen…” Yu Qingxuan tensed slightly. She wasn’t afraid of battle, but she felt that since this matter related to the relationship between both empires, it could cause a calamity if it wasn’t dealt with properly.

Long Chen smiled and comforted her. “Don’t worry, this matter has nothing to do with the Vermilion Bird Empire. It is a matter between my Dragonblood Legion and the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire.”

After saying that, Long Chen turned back to He Changtian. He indifferently announced, “Don’t say that I didn’t give you a chance. Our Dragonblood Legion currently only has three members. Pick out any one of them. In front of all the heroes beneath the heavens right now, we will decide who is stronger and who dies.”

Long Chen, Guo Ran, and Xia Chen stood together just like that. At this moment, countless people stared in disbelief at them.