Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3714 Price

Xia Guhong’s arrival drew everyone’s attention, causing people to forget about He Changtian for a moment. But when He Changtian screamed, people saw that his battle armor had lost its original light. Its scales were destroyed, and it was riddled with holes, on the verge of complete collapse.

Moreover, the flame runes in the air had been devoured by Huo Linger. She had long since returned to the primal chaos space to digest them.

At this time, He Changtian was trapped within the water barrier. The water dragons in the barrier were constantly mixing up space, suppressing his flame energy. Having lost the Heavenly Ruler Seal Battle Armor, he had no choice but to ignite his Supreme Blood just to resist it.

However, Xia Chen’s talismans used Nine Heaven Spirit Water, which was exceptionally precious and had an astonishing suppressive effect on flames. Although it wouldn’t be able to affect the flames in the top ten of the Heavenly Flame Ranking, Xia Chen had activated hundreds of these talismans, which was more than enough to suppress He Changtian.

The water dragons roared, compressing the prison. On the other hand, He Changtian was doing his best to resist. Flames circulated around him, but space was still being compressed. Originally, He Changtian was able to maintain a space of several miles, but now he was reduced to a space of merely a few dozen meters.

That space was continuing to shrink. The more it shrank, the greater the pressure grew, and cracks were appearing in the space around him. His entire body was about to be crushed.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Although his voice did ring out, it sounded as if it came from an extremely distant world. It was very muffled.

The violet-robed elder’s expression changed. He hadn’t expected Xia Chen to be so powerful. He had pushed He Changtian to a life-and-death juncture so quickly.

“Xia Guhong. You’re a senior. Please forgive this junior for my previous offenses. But my Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire has no enmity or grievance with you. Why must you bully the weak like this? I hope senior can give me a bit of face. This Southern Wall King of the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire, He Hongzhang, will definitely remember this favor.” The violet-robed elder, He Hongzhang, began to panic. He directly brought out the name of the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire and revealed his own status.

However, this person seemed overly arrogant or simply lacked emotional intelligence. He was clearly begging for mercy, but his tone was still tough. There was even a threatening note to it.

“There’s no need for a favor. I came to stand up for my brothers, so I’m not interested in favors.” Xia Guhong shook his head.

“Your brothers?” He Hongzhang’s heart pounded wildly.

“The three of us are protected by big brother Xia. What? You don’t like it?” Guo Ran looked down on him arrogantly. With Xia Guhong’s protection here, he felt like he had gained face.

“What do you want?! You wish to be enemies with my Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire?!” shouted He Hongzhang, his expression sinking.

Xia Guhong frowned. This He Hongzhang was an idiot. At this time, he actually brought out the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire as a threat?

“I say, does your Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire have any face at all? It was already agreed that this was a life-and-death battle, a one-against-one match. Now that you’ve lost, you want to go back on your word in front of all the heroes of the land? Do you really think you can eat the crap that you’ve shat out?” sneered Long Chen, answering in place of Xia Guhong.

“Nonsense! Youngsters are all temperamental! How can you simply take their word? It naturally doesn’t count!” shouted He Hongzhang angrily. He then turned to Yu Qingxuan. “Princess Qingxuan, you are the princess of the Vermilion Bird Empire. Do you wish to cause a war between our two empires? Shall the blood of our empires fill the battlefield?”

Yu Qingxuan was immediately put in a difficult position. Before she could reply, Long Chen pointed at He Hongzhang and cursed, “You old bastard, you dare to play this game with me? Then let’s play! I am telling you that the reason I want to kill He Changtian is simply because I find him displeasing to the eye! This matter has nothing to do with the Vermilion Bird Empire. You dare to threaten me? I really admire your guts! I’ll state it plainly right now, if I want He Changtian dead today, then no one in this world can save him!”

Long Chen was enraged. Before this, although He Changtian had drawn his ire, it wasn’t to the point of enraging him.

However, He Hongzhang actually threatened Yu Qingxuan, making Long Chen’s fury soar. If he hadn’t promised to leave He Changtian to Xia Chen, he’d crush him right now.

Seeing Long Chen’s fury, Yu Qingxuan was moved. Long Chen was extremely protective of her.

“Ignorant junior, you’ll pay the price for your foolishness!” roared He Hongzhang, his face twisting. Killing intent filled his eyes.

“The price? Do you know what the price is? Xia Chen, teach them what the price is!” shouted Long Chen.

“Alright!” Xia Chen smiled. A talisman appeared between two of his fingers, and he cast it through the air.

The talisman instantly vanished. Within the water barrier, He Changtian screamed. His leg was ripped off from the knee by some mysterious force.

Hearing that scream and seeing that strange scene, everyone felt a chill. Xia Chen’s technique was absolutely bizarre. No one even saw how the talisman flew out, so they had no idea how it had broken his leg.

They were unable to tell what happened, but He Changtian was already severely wounded. This bizarre move terrified people. The most terrifying things in this world were those that people couldn’t see.

“Little brute!” He Hongzhang roared furiously. His aura erupted.

Xia Chen then threw out another talisman. This time, people saw a streak of light enter the water barrier. However, it vanished on contact with the water barrier, and then He Changtian’s other leg was severed by something sharp.

This strange sight caused countless jaws to drop. They hadn’t seen it clearly the first time because they hadn’t expected it. But this second time, they were completely focused and still didn’t see how He Changtian’s leg was severed.

“Old fellow, keep cursing,” Xia Chen sneered. When he showed his hands, dozens of talismans appeared on them. If those all had the same effect, then He Changtian would be torn to pieces.

At this moment, people realized that the fight was over. If Xia Chen wanted to take his life, he could take it effortlessly. He Changtian was defeated.

He Hongzhang was enraged. Suddenly, his sword came out of his sheath. The moment he pulled it out, the aura of a Divine Venerate radiated.

The winds and clouds raged; the world changed color. A layer of haze then shrouded this land along with a murderous aura.

“A Divine Venerate is really going to fight?!” Terrified cries rang out. If a Divine Venerate were to fight for real here, then this world would be destroyed. They wouldn’t even have time to run away.

“If you dare to attack, I guarantee that it will be your last time.”

Xia Guhong had his hands clasped behind his back. He eyed He Hongzhang who had taken out his weapon indifferently. His calm demeanor possessed unquestionable domineeringness.

“Xia Guhong, it’s been many years, but you are still as arrogant as ever. However, the Grand Xia Dragon Sparrow has vanished. I don’t know where your confidence comes from.”

Just then, thunder rumbled and lightning flashed; black clouds filled the sky. A man wreathed in lightning descended from amongst those black clouds.