Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3716 Disadvantageous Praise

Xia Chen’s water barrier had shrunk to just thirty meters. However, its power was rapidly diminishing.

At the same time, within the barrier, He Changtian had reached his limit. His body was cracking, and he had used up all of his Supreme Blood. Following his scream, his physical body exploded.

“Changtian!”

He Hongzhang cried out and his face twisted. Xia Chen really had killed He Changtian.

But then, He Changtian’s flame spear pierced through the void, shooting straight toward He Hongzhang.

BOOM!

All of a sudden, a flame sword cut through the air, striking the spear.

“No!”

What shocked people was that He Changtian’s unwilling roar came from within the spear.

The moment the sword struck the spear, a translucent ripple spread. People saw He Changtian’s Yuan Spirit explode.

Apparently, He Changtian had given up on his physical body and placed his Yuan Spirit in his spear in a vain attempt to escape with his Yuan Spirit.

Even Xia Chen had been tricked. That was because He Changtian’s spiritual fluctuations were covered up by the flame spear. Regretfully, He Changtian was unable to escape Huo Linger’s senses. Long Chen’s sword had destroyed his Yuan Spirit.

The True Fire Sword then returned to Long Chen’s hand, and he returned it to the primal chaos space, his expression calm. He indifferently said, “We’ve already agreed to decide life and death with this battle. You might not care about keeping your word, but Boss Long San always keeps his word.”

He Changtian was dead, and just like that, a Supreme expert was slain. The three thousand worlds weren’t even open, and he was already dead. This fact shook everyone.

Supreme experts were rare. A sect might not produce a single one in tens of thousands of years. Hence, for one to be slain just like that was truly shocking.

“Long Chen!”

He Hongzhang was quivering with fury. His eyes were scarlet, like a lion about to eat its prey.

“You know I’m Long Chen? Good. I killed He Changtian to tell everyone that I won’t cause trouble, but I’m not afraid of trouble. I won’t bully people, but I will not allow others to bully me. Anyone who wants my life is my enemy, and I, Long Chen, have only one rule for my enemies. To kill!” declared Long Chen.

The final ‘kill’ for some reason shook everyone’s heart. When this word came out of Long Chen’s mouth, although his tone was calm, it made people see a blood-soaked battlefield.

“Good, good! Long Chen, is it? Aren’t you from the High Firmament Academy? A declined academy also dares to be so arrogant here? As you killed someone from my He family, I will slay everyone from your academy. And you, you won’t be leaving the three thousand worlds. You’ll be hunted down by the heavenly geniuses of the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire. As for your High Firmament Academy, my Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire will wipe it off the map. Your master, your apprentice-brothers and sisters, everyone you care about, we will kill them all!” roared He Hongzhang.

“Hahaha!”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He Hongzhang had just finished roaring when someone laughed as if they had just heard the world’s funniest joke.

“You are courting…”

He Hongzhang turned furiously to the person laughing at him, only to find that it was actually the Bloodkill Hall’s Enpuda. He was then startled.

He was unable to figure out why Enpuda, who had no enmity or relationship with him, would target him. Although the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire was powerful, they never dared to offend Enpuda.

The Bloodkill Hall’s believers were spread throughout the nine heavens and ten lands, and every single one of them was an expert assassin. Hence, anyone who offended Enpuda would sooner or later find themselves the target of endless assassins.

Most importantly, Enpuda himself was a terrifying assassin. Despite only being a peak World King, once he used his faith energy, even a Divine Venerate who encountered him would have to flee.

“Hall master Enpuda, my Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire has no enmity with you. What is the meaning of this?” demanded He Hongzhang. Although he was enraged, he didn’t dare to say anything too excessive.

His tone was clearly different from when he had been asking who was courting death. Everyone who wasn’t a fool could tell that He Hongzhang was afraid of Enpuda.

Enpuda smiled and waved his hand at him. “I’m simply laughing. It has nothing to do with our relationship. I just couldn’t help laughing at your joke. Destroy the High Firmament Academy? Hahaha, that has to be the biggest joke that I’ve ever heard. Do you know the High Firmament Academy’s dean Bai Letian’s true cultivation base? Do you know who the master of the High Firmament Academy’s Battle God Palace is? Do you know the origin of their ancient High Firmament Divine Sword? Do you know that the High Firmament Academy has another living fossil in their ranks that has lived through time immemorial?”

Enpuda’s words rang throughout heaven and earth, causing shock to appear on people’s faces. Clearly, they hadn’t known the High Firmament Academy’s true power.

As for Long Chen, he narrowed his eyes at Enpuda. He refused to believe that this crafty fatty would say anything for him out of kindness.

Enpuda continued, “The High Firmament Academy is the number one academy of the nine heavens and ten lands. Its history is ancient, and its foundation is thick. It’s not an existence that you can even imagine. As for Long Chen, he is the High Firmament Academy’s youngest branch dean in all of history. He is also the future head dean. An academy with millions and millions of years of history chose him as a successor. Do you think that he is an existence that you can provoke? When Long Chen joined the High Firmament Academy, he joined as a worker. But in less than a year, he swept through everyone in the same generation, and finding no one who could match him in the Darklight Heaven, he came to the Violet Flame Heaven. As soon as he arrived in the Violet Flame Heaven, he repeatedly plundered the Soaring Dragon Company’s strongholds, slaughtered formidable experts within the Heavenly Flame World, and even personally killed the son of the Flame Sovereign, Yan Xu. Did you not hear about any of this? Long Chen’s group of three even slaughtered their way to the Nine Underworld Island-”

“You damn fatty, shut your mouth! What do you think you’re saying?!” Liao Bencang cursed Enpuda as soon as he mentioned the Nine Underworld Island.

Enpuda ignored him, continuing, “The three of them joined forces and wiped out the millions and millions of experts on the Nine Underworld Island. In the end, the Nine Underworld Hall’s master, Liao Bencang, personally attacked them, mobilizing the faith energy that had been accumulating for tens of millions of years, and he was still unable to stop them from leaving. As for you, He Hongzhang, you are nothing more than some nameless fellow. For you to dare to say that you would take dean Long Chen’s life and destroy the High Firmament Academy, do you not think that it is laughable?”

After Enpuda was done, countless people stared at Long Chen in shock. Only now did they learn that Long Chen had such amazing accomplishments under his belt. He actually had such an illustrious background.

Guo Ran and Xia Chen were also dumbfounded. Enpuda was praising them? Had the sun risen from the west today?

However, they quickly noticed countless burning gazes amongst the crowd. Without exception, those people were all Supreme experts.

“Damn, this fatty really is sinister! He’s making us the number one target of everyone!” Guo Ran instantly understood.

Supreme experts were all arrogant and conceited. The stronger the opponent, the more they wanted to fight them. Those with the greatest reputations in particular were their main targets.

Enpuda had praised Long Chen to the highest level. As a result, even Xia Chen and Guo Ran were being eyed by countless people. Once they entered the three thousand worlds, they would have to deal with endless challenges before even getting to do anything.

“Who cares about some dogshit academy or being the youngest? I have no match beneath the heavens. Comparing the Darklight Heaven to the Violet Flame Heaven? You’re nothing more than a frog at the bottom of a well. Long Chen, I challenge you to a life-and-death battle. All heroes of the heavens will bear witness. Do you dare to accept?”

Weng Tianyao was the first to step forward and point his lightning sword at Long Chen, arrogantly shouting at him from high above.