Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3720 Old Enemies of the Devil World

“The devil world’s experts have come!”

As the black clouds covered the sky, startled cries rang out. Most of the experts then stared vigilantly at the oncoming darkness. Some of them even had expressions of terror.

Devil qi filled the air. Within it, they saw countless lifeforms with the devil world’s aura. Their gazes were icy, overlooking the humans with cold sneers.

The devil race. They had always been the enemy of the human race, and there was an irreconcilable enmity between the two races. The devil race viewed the human race as food, as nourishment. They even called them pills in human form.

Countless wars had been fought between the two sides. After every battle, both sides took hideous losses. Afterward, both sides would slink away and lick their wounds.

However, when they weren’t in wars, there would often be some entanglements between them, especially in places where the devil world bordered the human world.

There were even places where humans and devils lived together. There, they would carry out business between the two races. Sometimes, there would even be marriages between the two races, producing mix-blooded descendants.

However, the next war that erupted would result in those mix-blooded descendants being hunted down by both the human race and the devil race; neither side accepted their existence. They felt like the mixed-blooded people should have never appeared in this world.

Then after the war, the two sides would have a long period to recover, and once more carry out business, and once more intermarry. This was truly an inexplicable phenomenon, and yet neither the human race nor the devil race was able to stop it.

Thus, during times of peace, although the human race and the devil race viewed each other as enemies, it wasn’t to the point of immediately slaughtering the other side as soon as they met.

However, although they wouldn’t directly attack, everyone knew that if they had a chance, both sides would not hesitate to wipe out the other.

Thus, when the devil race’s experts descended, the humans instantly tensed. Some hot-blooded heavenly geniuses were already clenching their weapons, wishing to slaughter the devil race. That was every human’s mission and an opportunity for glory.

The black clouds and devil qi covered this land. It was a shocking scene. The number of lifeforms within the black clouds numbered in the hundreds of millions, and they coldly overlooked the human race. But they seemed to have no intention of fighting.

There were countless terrifying auras amongst them. Other than the auras of Divine Venerates, people also sensed Supreme auras. They had their own Supreme heavenly geniuses.

The devil race’s experts whizzed over aggressively. But they weren’t coming directly to where the human race had settled down. Instead, they went to a rather secluded place outside.

“Is this a show of might?” Long Chen eyed the devil army with a mocking smile.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The devil race came in such a grand manner, causing a huge commotion. Clearly, it was an announcement to the human race that the devil race had come. It was a warning.

Once the devil army landed on the ground, the devil qi slowly dissipated and the black clouds vanished. The world once more became bright, but now there were hundreds of millions of devil experts.

Some of those devil experts were as large as mountains, while some were as small as babies. There were all kinds of strange forms. It was a large mix of races.

Also, they had over a hundred Divine Venerates, and the half-step Divine Venerates numbered in the tens of thousands. The sight of so many experts was extremely shocking.

Amongst the Divine Venerates, four in particular had large blades on their backs. Their ferocious faces truly made them look like monsters. They had horns on their heads and fine fur on their bodies. Their auras were terrifying.

Their gazes shot toward Long Chen’s side when they appeared. Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan’s hearts shook. It was like bloodthirsty beasts were staring at them.

“The Alldevil race’s monsters! They’re looking at…”

Long Chen instantly recognized that the auras of those four monsters were a bit similar to Alldevil Tianye’s aura. They had to have a certain connection with him.

Being stared at by them, an intense sensation of danger welled up within Long Chen. Those four monsters were terrifying. Even just a gaze from such a distance made Long Chen feel extremely uneasy.

Most shocking of all was that the focus of their gaze wasn’t him. It was Xia Guhong.

“Big brother, do you know them?” asked Long Chen.

Xia Guhong stared at those monsters. A cold light slowly appeared in his eyes, and he nodded.

“I know them. When I slaughtered my way into the devil world, it was them who drove me back in the end.”

Long Chen gasped. So these four monsters were from the same generation as Xia Guhong. They had even seriously wounded him.

“At that time, there were eight of them. I killed four before they managed to severely wound me. Perhaps this is the will of the heavens, for us to once more meet.” Xia Guhong eyed them with a trace of grief, but more so, killing intent.

Long Chen knew that Xia Guhong was thinking of his past. Even after so many years, he was still full of hatred for the Alldevil race.

“Big brother, let’s attack them right now. You handle the old ones, and I’ll handle the small ones,” said Long Chen, eyeing the devil army.

Yu Qingxuan jumped in shock. His guts were too big, weren’t they? He wanted to attack the devil army with just him and Xia Guhong? Was he serious?

It had to be known that the devil army, by a conservative measurement, had thousands of Supreme heavenly geniuses amongst them, even more than the human race.

Xia Guhong smiled and shook his head. “When I came out this time, I promised the High Priest not to release my anger due to my personal affairs. I won’t attack due to selfish reasons. Otherwise, I won’t be able to face him again. My mission is just to protect you. Perhaps the arrival of these old opponents was entirely within the High Priest’s predictions. This can be considered a test for me.”

Long Chen could hear the reverence and worship that Xia Guhong had for the Wine God Palace’s High Priest. Hence, Long Chen regretted never having a chance to see him and couldn’t help being curious.

Just what kind of existence was the High Priest to make a peak hero like Xia Guhong feel worship for him? The High Priest was even able to draw in an expert from the winged devil race to the Wine God Palace.

Long Chen could sense that every single person within the Wine God Palace was extraordinary. However, those people were all willing to live an ordinary life, immersing themselves entirely in the Wine Dao without involving themselves in the outside world. The Wine God Palace itself was an enigma, and so was the High Priest.

Xia Guhong ignored those four devil monsters. As for the four of them, after staring at Xia Guhong, they began to talk amongst themselves. It was unknown what they were discussing.

BOOM!

Suddenly, a heaven-shaking explosion blew apart the void, and a pair of heaven-covering wings appeared. Countless giant figures flew out from a spatial channel.