Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3722 Dragon King Reverse Scale

“Senior!” Long Chen was startled and delighted. That voice belonged to the mysterious dragon race expert.

This mysterious expert was someone who Long Chen was extremely grateful for. Due to its grace, everyone on the Martial Heaven Continent was saved, so Long Chen owed it an immense debt.

“In the water, the Kun is a tyrannical fish. In the heavens, the Peng is an arrogant bird. They can release their arrogance in front of other races, but whether they go into the heavens or into the earth, in front of my dragon race, they can only be suppressed. Ignore him for now. Once you enter the three thousand worlds, I will direct you to my dragon king scale. At that time, I will not permit any techniques. Just with your dragon blood power, crush him to death for me. Show the Kunpeng race who is the real king of defying the heavens,” snorted the dragon expert.

The dragon race and the Kunpeng race were mortal enemies. The Kun was born in the water and devoured serpents and pythons, while the serpents and pythons also devoured the Kun.

The Kun then transformed into the Peng, and the python transformed into the dragon. Both soared through the heavens and remained enemies, devouring and killing each other.

Whether it was the Kunpeng or the dragon, they were both innately arrogant to the core, unwilling to live beneath the Heavenly Daos. They constantly tried to break free, becoming gods above the nine heavens that weren’t restricted by the laws of heaven and earth.

Those that could be considered true Kunpengs all went from ordinary Kuns and relied on their own efforts to continuously break free of their shackles, continuously challenging the Heavenly Daos. They rose step by step. They were experts that slaughtered their way out of a bloody sea.

The dragon race was the same. The strongest dragons went from the serpents to the pythons, the pythons to the drakes, and the drakes to the dragons. Through millions of tribulations, through surviving life and death punishments, they walked beyond the peak of the heavens.

As for the ancestral dragon, it was an existence that relied on its own power to achieve spiritual enlightenment and create its own Dao. Through constantly breaking free of limits, the ancestral dragon created its own divine abilities and magical arts. To use the human race’s words, it could be considered a founder. That was the ancestral dragon.

“Alright! Senior, don’t worry, I’ll definitely beat him! I’ll show the Kunpeng race who the real master is!” Long Chen agreed excitedly.

“Hahaha, master. I like that. Back in the day, the Kunpeng race bowed their heads to my dragon race. Now that the dragon race has declined, they want to erase history, but how could that be so easy?” The dragon expert laughed. Long Chen’s words satisfied it.

“For your own safety, I cannot talk with you for long. Be careful. Once you enter the three thousand worlds, I’ll direct you to my dragon king reverse scale,” said the dragon expert. After saying that, its presence vanished.

It was as if it had never appeared. It also felt like some memory of Long Chen’s was erased. Its words were like a dream.

When it came to the dragon expert, Long Chen knew almost nothing about it. But he never worried about its intentions, and he had the utmost confidence in it. Also, this new information made Long Chen’s blood heat up. He was filled with anticipation.

After he had merged with the true dragon essence blood, it greatly improved his physical body. But he still felt that it wasn’t as strong as it should be.

It had to be known that the dragon king’s realm was equivalent to the human race’s Immortal King realm. Based on that, after merging with the dragon king essence blood, even if he couldn’t immediately dominate the Immortal King realm, he should have difficulty finding any match for him.

However, after his battle with Alldevil Tianye, he found that in front of a Supreme Bone’s power, his dragon blood’s power didn’t seem to have much of an advantage.

Long Chen always felt it to be a bit off. Based on his estimation, a true dragon was not so weak.

Now that the dragon expert had once more messaged him, he realized the truth. Back then, the dragon expert had told him that he needed to obtain that dragon scale from the Nine Prefecture Convention, saying that it was of utmost importance to him.

Now he understood that it was important as preparation for its dragon king reverse scale. In other words, without that dragon scale from the Nine Prefecture Convention, he would be unable to absorb this dragon king reverse scale.

The mysterious dragon expert had shown utmost benevolence to Long Chen. In other words, without that preparation, if he were to directly absorb its dragon king reverse scale, he would probably instantly die.

Even with his powerful physical body that was the result of cultivating the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art, even after he became an Immortal King, he would still be unable to absorb the dragon king reverse scale without this preparation. Hence, Long Chen almost didn’t dare to imagine just how terrifying it would be.

Long Chen was full of excitement and anticipation. He had a premonition that once he left the three thousand worlds, he would no longer be the old Long Chen.

When he thought of that, in front of that arrogant gaze from above, Long Chen no longer felt much anger. He slowly sat back down.

Everyone had been staring at him. When he stood up, they thought that he was going to fight Kun Tu. But seeing him sit back down, they were stunned. Countless people sneered at him, thinking that he was a coward.

As for Kun Tu, he stared at Long Chen apathetically. This action of Long Chen’s didn’t seem to cause any reaction from him. It was as if Long Chen not daring to fight him was well within his expectations.

The demonic beast race had come, and just like the devil race, they occupied their own empty land, taking it as their territory. All the races had their own powerful experts standing guard over their territory, and they simply stayed away from each other. Although they were hostile, they didn’t want any fights for now.

After all, those powerful experts had come only to protect the youngsters. They wouldn’t make a move for nothing. Moreover, once they battled, this world would be destroyed along with the entrance to the three thousand worlds. That would then be a disaster.

More and more races began to arrive. Clearly, Long Chen had come early. During the next few days, experts that had received the news of this began rushing over, so more and more people gathered. The gigantic Violet Flame Heaven Capital was now starting to feel crowded.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Netherworld’s experts also came, passing through the Netherworld’s gate with just as many members as the devil race. Many strange beasts from the Netherworld were unable to transform into human form and could only keep their real appearance.

The Netherworld’s experts were also led by a terrifying expert. It was an elder with only one eye. In fact, half of the elder’s head was gone. 

His aura was extremely odd, and people were unable to see through him. However, his mount was a Netherworld dragon whose cultivation base had reached the Divine Venerate realm. To have a Divine Venerate mount was shocking, so this fellow’s status was probably terrifying.

When these Netherworld experts arrived, their gazes roved around until they saw Long Chen. After that, all their expressions changed, and killing intent exploded out of them.

“He is Long Chen, that brother of Wu Tian’s?”

The one-eyed elder stared at Long Chen with killing intent burning in his one eye. His expression was sinister.

As soon as they arrived, Long Chen felt something off. They all seemed to be from the Underworld race of the Netherworld. As for Wu Tian, he was from the Nether race, and both sides had immense enmity between them. 

When Long Chen was in the Netherworld, Wu Tian was leading his army against the Underworld race’s forces and cleaning his territory of traitors. Hence, as Wu Tian’s brother, Long Chen was very likely famous among the Underworld race.

They looked like they wanted to eat him alive. Seeing their gazes, Long Chen instantly realized that what he had been worrying about had come.

As for the other experts, they stared in shock at Long Chen. They had no idea what kind of ability Long Chen had to make such a terrifying expert release such killing intent.

“I understand. Your head was destroyed by big brother Wu Tian, wasn’t it?” Long Chen suddenly cried out with understanding.

BOOM!

As soon as Long Chen said this, millions and millions of Netherworld experts took out their weapons. When their killing intent exploded, all the lifeforms within the Violet Flame Heaven Capital were stunned.