Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3724 Butterfly Spirit Reappears

In the distance, a group of graceful women in multicolored robes appeared. All of them looked like fairies that had walked out of a painting. They appeared to have transcended the mundane world.

They were just like elves from the mountain, possessing an immense spiritual air around them. Their gazes were like clear water, without any of the dust of the mortal world infecting them. It was such a pure air that others couldn’t bear to touch and infect it.

This group of women instantly drew countless gazes. Even the fierce devil race, demonic beast race, and Nether race looked at them with gentler gazes.

“The Butterfly Spirit race has also come!” 

Following the arrival of the Butterfly Spirit race, the solitary members of the Spirit race that were scattered around drew close to them as if they had found their family.

The Spirit race possessed a natural spiritual air around them, and they didn’t like fighting or slaughter. The Spirit race was a generic term for the races that were close to the Heavenly Daos.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

There were thousands of kinds of Spirit races, and they were all essentially kind races that wouldn’t hurt others maliciously. But amongst the Spirit race were some terrifying existences. They would not get provoked easily, but once they were, they would erupt and were not afraid of a bloodbath.

The Butterfly Spirit race was a renowned kind race. Even if they were harmed, they would rarely seek revenge. They would simply do their best to distance themselves from those that had harmed them.

Thus, when the Butterfly Spirit race arrived, the other experts of the Spirit race went over. One reason was to stay in a group, but another reason was to protect them.

The gathering of the Spirit race’s experts caused countless people’s eyes to brighten. These people were all handsome men and pretty women. They didn’t just look beautiful. It was that pure spiritual air around them that intoxicated them. Just looking at them, people felt like their minds were being cleansed.

When they appeared, Long Chen smiled. This smile was very warm, as he truly did like the Spirit race. He liked their kindness and how pure they were. Long Chen had always felt safe and happy with them.

Long Chen had protected them many times; he was willing to face any danger for them. Now, he realized that he wasn’t actually protecting the Spirit race but just protecting the symbol of kindness. He was protecting a holy place for the sake of his own sanity. They were an important part of this world that was lacking in many places.

The Butterfly Spirit race caused quite a ruckus when they appeared. But not everyone was as pure as them. Some wicked people immediately had some sinister thoughts when they looked at them.

There were thousands of members of the Butterfly Spirit race here, and they were all women. Their leader was a beautiful middle-aged woman. She was a Divine Venerate, and her aura was very gentle. It didn’t give anyone a suffocating feeling. Instead, people felt particularly close to her.

This woman immediately began to greet the other members of the Spirit race that came. She had a sweet smile that made her appear particularly amiable.

Seeing her, more and more experts of the Spirit race quickly gathered. Their numbers reached the hundreds of thousands. People spotted tree demons, stone giants, fairy spirits, and all kinds of spirit beasts. They had all kinds of races together, but they were very harmonious. None of them seemed the slightest bit on guard against each other.

The Spirit race wasn’t connected by bloodline or souls. They simply used their auras to recognize each other. As their auras were calm and peaceful, that was how they recognized fellow members of the Spirit race. It didn’t matter how much stronger or fiercer they were, they could still trust each other.

Suddenly, the Butterfly Spirit race’s leader looked over at the restaurant; her gaze pierced through thousands of miles to look directly at Long Chen. A peculiar expression of surprise and delight then appeared in her eyes.

As her figure vanished, a rainbow light flashed in Long Chen’s eyes. That beautiful woman slowly appeared before Long Chen. After that, she suddenly knelt on one knee and kissed Long Chen’s hand.

Long Chen jumped, hastily saying, “Senior, please don’t do this!”

This was a Divine Venerate. For her to do such a thing to him, Long Chen felt panicked. He also wanted to get on one knee to return her courtesy, but he suddenly found that he was unable to.

At that moment, his knees seemed to stiffen, and he was unable to bend them. Unless he cut off his legs, he would not be able to kneel. Long Chen vaguely felt that this was related to the Pill Sovereign’s will. It would not permit him to kneel to anyone, not even an ally.

It wasn’t just Long Chen who was shocked by her actions. Even Xia Guhong was stunned, and Yu Qingxuan covered her mouth, filled with disbelief.

That woman slowly rose after kissing Long Chen’s hand. She then placed her hand before her chest and carried out an ancient noble etiquette.

“You are the benefactor of our Butterfly Spirit race. Please forgive this presumptuous etiquette of mine. The Butterfly Spirit race’s hand-kissing etiquette is not just the highest etiquette to our benefactor; it is also a way of transmitting information. This way, I know what happened to you involving the Butterfly Spirit race. I hope you don’t take offense.”

“Of course, I won’t take offense. However, senior, I don’t know how to reply to this etiquette of yours. I feel like I’m being rude,” said Long Chen awkwardly.

In truth, Long Chen truly disliked these overly elaborate etiquettes. He didn’t know how to reply to such things. Not matching the other side’s etiquette made him look rude and coarse.

“You’re too courteous. Thank you for helping my Butterfly Spirit race twice. I wonder if you can come join our group?” asked the woman.

The Butterfly Spirit race’s experts began to wave to him, beckoning him over. It was as if they wanted to go to him, but they were too far, and they couldn’t all squeeze into that restaurant. They also felt that it would be too rude for them to fly over other people’s heads. Hence, they all waved at him with anticipation in their eyes.

“I…” Long Chen hesitated.

The woman smiled and said, “All three of you can come. Your friends are also the friends of our Spirit race.”

“Long Chen, bring Qingxuan over. Youngsters should act like youngsters. Only an old man should be so overcautious and hesitant,” said Xia Guhong with a smile.

Long Chen laughed and held Yu Qingxuan’s hand. Not waiting for a response from Yu Qingxuan, that woman already smiled and waved her hand. Divine light then covered them, and they appeared amongst the Butterfly Spirit race.

When Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan reappeared, those young women of the Butterfly Spirit race began to dance, drawing Yu Qingxuan and Long Chen into it. They were also singing some songs that the people couldn’t understand. Their voices were beautiful, almost sounding like the sounds of nature. It was like this world had become a pure land with no fighting or killing. It was as though they didn’t need to have any defenses. They could just peacefully listen to the music of the Grand Dao.

At first, Yu Qingxuan was a bit embarrassed, but she quickly abandoned her reservations and began to dance with the Butterfly Spirit race.

Seeing Yu Qingxuan smiling widely, Long Chen was satisfied inside. If this world’s fighting could come to an end, everyone could dance and sing like this every day. How good would such a life be?

“Your Highness!”

Suddenly, a dislikeable voice rang out and completely interrupted the happy atmosphere.