Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3725 Damn Eunuch

Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan were holding hands as they learned the dance that the Butterfly Spirit race was teaching them. They were following their rhythm, and Yu Qingxuan was starting to laugh like a little child.

Considering that she had no happy childhood, this was her first time feeling such a thing. It was relaxing and harmonious.

Most importantly, there were so many pure people around her. Every single one of their souls was like a white sheet of paper, so she could put down all her defenses and pretenses. That was an incredibly moving feeling.

However, this dream-like world was shattered by a single shout.

“Eunuch Wei!”

Yu Qingxuan quickly spotted the ashen Eunuch Wei glaring at her angrily.

As soon as the rhythm was broken, the singing and dancing Butterfly Spirit women stopped. They stared in confusion at the fierce Eunuch Wei. Some of them were so scared by his appearance that they retreated.

Yu Qingxuan hastily pulled her hand out of Long Chen’s hold. She had almost forgotten about Eunuch Wei. For him to suddenly return now, she felt like a child that had just made a mistake. She didn’t know what to do.

For her to forget about Eunuch Wei, she naturally had also forgotten about her status as the Vermilion Bird Empire’s princess. Together with the Butterfly Spirit race’s women, she felt like a butterfly flitting from one flower to another, basking in the sun.

Now that Eunuch Wei came, that dream was shattered and she was pulled back into reality.

Long Chen looked at Eunuch Wei. Seeing his face that was wrinkled up like the crotch of some pants, Long Chen truly had the urge to slap him to death. This fellow was truly dislikable.

“Your Highness, you are the princess of the noble Vermilion Bird Empire. How can you lack any decorum? If you continue to integrate yourselves with people of lowly status, how will the Vermilion Bird Empire have any face left? If the emperor were to learn of it, how could I possibly face him?” shouted Eunuch Wei sternly.

Like a child that had made a mistake, Yu Qingxuan lowered her head. She didn’t say a word. That appearance was truly distressing.

Long Chen couldn’t help speaking up for her, “Eunuch Wei, this matter-”

“Shut your mouth! Who do you think you are? You aren’t qualified to talk to me!” shouted Eunuch Wei.

Just like that, the sound of the Minghong Saber coming out of its sheath rang out. A chilling killing intent then soared and the world changed color. An explosive might caused the void to rumble. The moment Long Chen took out his saber, everyone could clearly sense his killing intent form ripples that spread in every direction.

When those ripples reached them, it didn’t matter what cultivation base they had. They all felt their hair stand on end. It was like seeing mountains of corpses and seas of blood. Even Divine Venerates were unable to remain indifferent to it.

“What terrifying killing intent. Just how many lifeforms has he killed? His killing intent is starting to affect the Heavenly Daos!” exclaimed a Divine Venerate.

Legend had it that when a person had killed too many lifeforms, even heaven and earth would feel uneasy. When the killing intent was released, the Heavenly Daos would be suppressed and not dare to resist.

However, that was a matter for the legends. In reality, no one had truly seen it. That was why everyone was so shocked when they saw Long Chen’s killing intent actually release a ripple of light.

“You damn eunuch, I’ve endured long enough. Why don’t you try repeating what you just said?” Long Chen pointed the Minghong Saber at Eunuch Wei, his fury exploding. This damn eunuch was continuously being overbearing toward him, treating him as trash.

He might be able to endure that, but he could not stop his fury from exploding when this damn eunuch started chiding Yu Qingxuan. At this moment, Long Chen’s explosive killing intent locked onto Eunuch Wei. If he dared to be so arrogant again, Long Chen would slay him right here and now.

“You…!”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Eunuch Wei had not expected Long Chen to instantly enter such a terrifying state. His killing intent was locking him down firmly.

At this time, he no longer had a chance to enter his combat state. Under this killing intent, any move from him would cause Long Chen’s Minghong Saber to strike.

Although he was a half-step Divine Venerate, Long Chen had taken the initiative. Hence, Eunuch Wei was at an immense disadvantage and didn’t dare to move.

“Long Chen, I was the one who made a mistake. Don’t make things hard on Eunuch Wei. I’m begging you.” Yu Qingxuan saw Long Chen’s raging killing intent and knew that he was truly enraged. She really was worried about him killing Eunuch Wei.

Yu Qingxuan also knew that Eunuch Wei had gone too far. Considering Long Chen’s status, Eunuch Wei’s arrogance toward him was inappropriate. Long Chen had endured all this time, but Eunuch Wei actually viewed that as Long Chen being easy to bully. Now, he had lost his face.

Seeing Yu Qingxuan begging like this, Long Chen took a deep breath and forcibly suppressed the flames of his fury. When it came to Yu Qingxuan, he couldn’t possibly not listen to her.

Long Chen slowly pulled back the Minghong Saber, but the killing intent in the air didn’t dissipate for a long time. It could be seen that the flames of fury in Long Chen’s heart continued to burn.

Once Long Chen put away his saber, Eunuch Wei’s remained exceedingly ugly. To have a junior point a saber at him was definitely the greatest humiliation of his life.

“Eunuch Wei, I’ll do my best to take your words into consideration. But hopefully, you also don’t make things hard on me! You can go now,” said Yu Qingxuan frostily. She also disliked Eunuch Wei, so her tone wasn’t very courteous.

After saying that, Yu Qingxuan looked at Long Chen. After giving him an apologetic smile, she bowed toward the Butterfly Spirit race’s women who were terrified and left.

“Long Chen, is that right? If you don’t die in the three thousand worlds, then come to my Vermilion Bird Empire. I’ll teach you how to be a person,” said Eunuch Wei darkly.

“I will definitely be going to the Vermilion Bird Empire. But I won’t need you to teach me how to be a person. Instead, I’ll be teaching you how to be a ghost,” responded Long Chen coldly.

If it hadn’t been for Yu Qingxuan, Long Chen really would have killed this damn eunuch. He was absolutely hateful. Even now, he was threatening him.

“Hmph, we’ll see, youngster.”

Eunuch Wei snorted and left, following Yu Qingxuan. Long Chen then returned to Xia Chen’s side, and he had the Vermilion Bird Empire’s disciples leave as well. He didn’t want Eunuch Wei to see them and cast his anger on them.

After all, they weren’t the princess. They would be the main target of Eunuch Wei’s wrath. Yu Qingxuan was also quite smart and walked in the opposite direction of Xia Chen, buying them time.

The good atmosphere was ruined just like that, so Long Chen apologized to the middle-aged woman, “My apologies for bringing this upon you. Thank you for your kindness. In the future, whether it’s in the three thousand worlds or other places, if you need help, just ask. I will rush through fire or water to help you.”

“Thank you, benefactor,” said the woman hastily.

Long Chen smiled at those young women apologetically. Their dancing had been ruined by Eunuch Wei. It was vexing.

Long Chen had just returned to Xia Chen’s side when rumbling rang out above the nine heavens. Long Chen thought that new experts were arriving, but just then, a giant gate appeared in the sky.

“The three thousand worlds are about to open!”

Startled cries rang out. Everyone within the Violet Flame Heaven Capital shot up.

Favorite