Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3726 Dragonblood Warrior Yue Shan

The heavenly gate opened and covered the entire Violet Flame Heaven Capital. It was absolutely enormous. However, right now, it was still in its embryonic form.

According to historical records, the heavenly gate would require around ten days to fully form. Furthermore, opening it also required some time.

In other words, there was still some time until the three thousand worlds were accessible. But the heavenly geniuses here were already getting impatient.

As soon as this gate appeared, there was a rush of experts. Many powers that were perhaps too far or didn’t have a good information network were hastily rushing over.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

As for Long Chen, he returned to the restaurant and drank with Xia Guhong, still feeling angry due to Eunuch Wei. Yu Qingxuan was definitely hiding in the distance to avoid clashing with him again.

“The Butterfly Spirit race treats you well. They blessed you with their luck divine radiance, so you should have some major success in the three thousand worlds,” said Xia Guhong to get Long Chen’s mind off of it.

“Luck divine radiance?”

Long Chen was startled. He hadn’t sensed anything like that. However, when he checked his body again, he found a pair of invisible wings on his back. If it hadn’t been for Xia Guhong’s reminder, he wouldn’t have noticed them.

“The luck divine radiance is the special secret art of the Butterfly Spirit race. When placed on a person, even if that person is irredeemably evil, they will still be blessed by the Heavenly Daos, and good fortune will come to them over and over again. However, this technique cannot be randomly used. They have essentially transferred their luck to you. Now, they won’t be as lucky once they enter the three thousand worlds, and they might face even greater danger. Do your best to protect them,” warned Xia Guhong.

Only now did Long Chen learn that the kind Butterfly Spirit race had actually made such a sacrifice for him. He was moved but also felt bad.

To apologize for his lack of manners, Long Chen went to Guo Ran and Xia Chen’s stall. He had Xia Chen stop selling and instead make some life-saving talismans for the Butterfly Spirit race’s people. He also refined some of his best medicinal pills for them.

“Boss!”

Just as Long Chen’s group of three was discussing things, a person charged in and hugged Long Chen.

When they saw that person, all three of them were overjoyed. “Yue Shan!”

This person was a squad leader in the first corps of the Dragonblood Legion. He was Gu Yang’s capable assistant.

“Boss, I… I finally get to see you again…!” Yue Shan was moved to tears when he saw Long Chen, Guo Ran, and Xia Chen again.

“Good brother, don’t cry. Now that us brothers have reunited, we won’t have to part again.” Guo Ran hugged Yue Shan tightly.

Long Chen checked Yue Shan’s body and found that he wasn’t a Primal, but his Blood Qi was shocking. His gaze was sharp and possessed a sense of wildness. Clearly, after ascending to the immortal world, he had experienced countless dangers.

“Good job. I knew that no useless cowards would appear in my Dragonblood Legion. Even without being a Primal, you can sweep through them.” Long Chen patted Yue Shan’s shoulder with praise.

Perhaps to others, resources were the number one requirement, while talent was number two. That was because even the greatest cook couldn’t make anything without ingredients. Without money, talent was worthless.

However, talent and resources meant nothing to Long Chen. What he cared the most about was the unyielding spirit in every Dragonblood warrior, the will to never lower their head to fate.

Yue Shan was a perfect example of this. He had no talent or resources, but just relying on his own will, he could reach this level. Once Long Chen gave him his resources, he would instantly soar.

Long Chen had not expected to encounter one of his own here. He had shown himself off and spread his name, but no one else had come to him. Thus, he simply assumed that there were no Dragonblood warriors in this area.

After asking, Long Chen learned that Yue Shan had no backer in the immortal world. He had sought shelter in a few sects, but due to being squeezed out by the original members, he ended up killing a few people in his anger. So, not only did he not win the favor of those sects, but they even hunted him down.

It could be said that this year, Yue Shan had spent the entire time surviving while being hunted. The countless narrow escapes from death had tempered his spiritual perception and murderous aura. So, he couldn’t be underestimated just because he wasn’t a Primal. Even amongst World Kings, only a few could actually threaten his life. That was enough to show his power.

Due to being a rogue cultivator, his information network wasn’t as good as others. Furthermore, he was in a remote location and had no good tools to travel quickly. That resulted in him being far slower than others rushing over here.

For these brothers to meet once more, they were all delighted. Long Chen immediately gave Yue Shan a Heavenly Dao Fruit so that he could awaken a Primal bloodline.

Regretfully, Yue Shan was a water element cultivator, and Long Chen’s only Supreme Heavenly Dao Fruit was a fire element one. Considering the contrasting elements, Yue Shan couldn’t possibly absorb it. If he tried, he might end up crippling himself. For now, Long Chen could only wait to see if he could find a more suitable Supreme Heavenly Dao Fruit.

Yue Shan’s arrival told Long Chen that not all Dragonblood warriors were doing well. Many people might be arriving late, so Long Chen had Guo Ran bring Yue Shan around with a signboard for the Dragonblood Legion to see if they could find any more Dragonblood warriors that were arriving late.

Meanwhile, Long Chen and Xia Chen busied themselves with helping the Butterfly Spirit race. Long Chen was refining various pills, including healing pills, detox pills, and soul nourishing pills. They were all pills that the Butterfly Spirit race could use.

As for Xia Chen, he helped them create the best life-saving talismans. All of these women were too pure to even know just how precious these things were, so they happily received them. Long Chen and Xia Chen then took the time to teach them how and when to use the talismans.

At this time, more and more people arrived at the Violet Flame Heaven Capital. These latecomers were mostly from the human race. The other races had mostly arrived.

The ones arriving at this time were mostly rogue cultivators or people from small powers with no information on this event. After all, the disciples from the powerful sects had arrived first.

Guo Ran and Yue Shan roved around and really did find more Dragonblood warriors. These Dragonblood warriors hadn’t been doing as well as Long Chen. They were simply muddling along, with no powerful backers. In ten days, they found eighteen Dragonblood warriors.

They were just like Yue Shan. They were rogue cultivators and ended up coming when they heard the news. They mostly came with the weaker sects that could only send mid stage World Kings as protectors.

When eighteen Dragonblood warriors were gathered, they were all incredibly excited. Ever since their mortal world was destroyed, they had always been thinking of reuniting in the immortal world. This feeling could not be described with words.

Although it was just eighteen of them, Long Chen and the others were incredibly excited. They knew that entrances to the three thousand worlds spread throughout the various lands. As they had already found so many people in this one spot, the other entrances definitely had even more people.

Long Chen asked Xia Guhong about it. Xia Guhong said that the Violet Flame Heaven alone had at least five entrances. The Violet Flame Heaven Capital was just one of them.

Amongst these eighteen warriors, it just so happened that one was a flame element cultivator, so Long Chen directly gave him the Supreme Heavenly Dao Fruit. But in order to keep this matter concealed, Long Chen told him not to consume it right now and instead wait until they had entered the three thousand worlds.

After these ten days, the heavenly gate finally began to rumble. Everyone instantly tensed up.