Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3732 Scorched Earth Land, Ice Soul Divine Flame

Long Chen examined his surroundings as he traveled. But all of a sudden, he paused, a startled expression appearing on his face.

“Isn’t this the scorched land that I saw before?”

Long Chen suddenly thought of what he had seen through the gate. He had seen a scorched area. Hence, he continued roaming and memorizing his surroundings. It really did match what he had seen through the gate.

“I remember that there was some rainbow light at the core of the scorched land. There seemed to be flame fluctuations!” Long Chen suddenly had a thought. If this really was that scorched land, he might just find a treasure.

“Huo Linger, help me out.” Long Chen took out a compass with a single needle on it.

Long Chen pressed his finger on the needle. After that, Huo Linger appeared behind him and placed her hands on his back. Both of them closed their eyes, spreading their senses.

Suddenly, the needle began to quiver. In the end, it pointed in a certain direction and came to a stop.

“We’ve found it. The flame fluctuations are coming from that direction. Let’s go take a look! I’ll decide whether the Butterfly Spirit race’s blessing works based on this!” laughed Long Chen.

Long Chen took out a talisman and crushed it. His body vanished, and when he reappeared, his surroundings had completely changed.

This was a fixed-direction spatial transportation talisman, which had transported him to a great distance in one direction. After all, consecutive transportations were far faster than flying, and there was less chance of being noticed on the way.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When Long Chen had used seven of those talismans, Huo Linger transmitted, “Big brother Long Chen, I can sense the flame fluctuations. We’ve gone off-target a bit. It’s slightly to the left.”

For these transportation talismans, the distance wasn’t perfectly set, and due to spatial fluctuations, there was naturally some deviation. 

Long Chen continued in the direction that Huo Linger indicated. After two more transportations, he didn’t even need her directions. He could sense the powerful flame fluctuations himself.

Eventually, the flame fluctuations grew to the point that it was as if heaven and earth were about to ignite. However, at the same time, there was a chilling cold to it.

“These fluctuations… it’s… the Ice Soul Divine Flame!” Long Chen and Huo Linger cried out at the same time.

Although Huo Linger could use the Ice Soul Divine Flame and had devoured the Yan Xu Flame, neither of those flames had become her core flame.

Huo Linger could control countless flames. She possessed the heaven-defying ability to transform her core flame into any of the flames that she controlled.

However, in the immortal world, this heaven-defying ability of hers was limited. She was unable to transform into the Ice Soul Divine Flame or the Yan Xu Flame.

She was only able to control a trace of the power of these two flames. Just drawing out this trace of their power required a huge amount of her core energy.

Furthermore, she only had a trace of the Ice Soul Divine Flame, having barely absorbed any of it. Thus, she could only unleash a fraction of its power. Once she attacked with it once, she would have to wait a long time before unleashing it a second time.

As for the Yan Xu Flame, although its ranking was higher than the Ice Soul Divine Flame, due to her only being able to control a trace of its power, she couldn’t use the Yan Xu race’s divine abilities. Furthermore, she only had a trace of the Yan Xu Flame’s devouring ability. In terms of pure offensive power, the trace of the Ice Soul Divine Flame was actually stronger than the Yan Xu Flame.

Huo Linger had always dreamed of refining the Ice Soul Divine Flame into her core flame. That would cause her power to soar to an unimaginable level.

However, no matter how hard she tried, she was unable to do so. Even Long Chen had tried to help her out many times with this. Despite that it seemed like it should be possible, she never managed to succeed.

In the end, Long Chen concluded that the top ten flames of the Heavenly Flame Ranking had a special restriction imposed upon them by the Heavenly Daos. They could not be acquired in this manner. 

Now that they were sensing the fluctuations of the Ice Soul Divine Flame, Long Chen felt his heart pounding hard in his chest. Huo Linger almost charged out.

“Don’t rush. Calm down. This is the three thousand worlds. There aren’t just the experts from the outside world but also the natives. We cannot be careless.”

Long Chen and Huo Linger continued to use transportation talismans to cut the distance. In any case, Xia Chen had given him an ample number of talismans. It didn’t cost him money to use them, so Long Chen wasn’t aggrieved at all.

After several more transportations, Long Chen saw a giant basin. It was so enormous that Long Chen could only barely see its edges.

At the center of this basin were pillars of flames. There were hundreds of them, and every single pillar was a hundred miles wide. Furthermore, all of them gave off different fluctuations.

“Heavenly Qilin Flame, Blood Devil Flame, Dual Peak Earth Core Flame… These are all flames on the Heavenly Flame Ranking!” Long Chen was shocked to see all these flames.

He had actually arrived at a land of flames. He then looked at the very center of the basin, but his vision of it was blocked off by the other flame pillars and he didn’t dare to use pupil art to look beyond.

“Linger, can you see it?” asked Long Chen.

“I can’t see it. Curious. Despite clearly sensing the Ice Soul Divine Flame’s fluctuations, despite it supposedly being at the core, the fluctuations haven’t gotten stronger even at this distance. It’s like… it’s like some power is isolating it,” said Huo Linger slowly.

“Isolating it?” Long Chen’s heart pounded. “Let’s go take a look.”

Long Chen didn’t keep looking. He directly used a transportation formation and arrived at the edge of the flame pillars.

Only once he was right in front of them did he know what true shock was. These flames were gushing out from the ground into the heavens. The roaring of the flames was absolutely terrifying.

Perhaps the flames themselves weren’t that powerful, but their unending power was truly terrifying.

“Huo Linger, can you control these flame pillars?” asked Long Chen.

“It’s impossible. The main body is underground, and the current is too violent. My split bodies are unable to go against the current. Perhaps only my true body would be able to do so,” said Huo Linger.

Long Chen could only give up on that thought. Originally, he had been planning on having Huo Linger’s split bodies silently gain control over these flame pillars. That way, he would have a heaven-encompassing net. Regretfully, he had been thinking about it too simply.

Since it wasn’t possible, Long Chen slipped closer to the core. This region was enormous. But then, the surrounding space was unstable, so he didn’t dare to use transportation formations here. One slip with the transportation formations here and who knew where he would be brought to? Perhaps he would be sent directly into the chaotic flow of space.

Long Chen had Huo Linger cover up their auras using her flame energy. They then pressed deeper into the core.

Once they were close to the core, Long Chen saw countless human figures and hastily hid himself in a secluded location. Seeing that no one had noticed him, he slowly stuck his head. Looking at their robes, he was shocked.

“The Sacred Pill Hall!”