Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3734 Flame Qilin

Long Chen jumped in shock. The pressure inside the glacier world was shocking, but that Divine Venerate didn’t even give them a warning in advance.

Long Chen had Huo Linger’s help. With her having the power of the Ice Soul, this pressure was unable to harm him.

However, to other experts, it was a fatal pressure. Their protective divine light instantly shattered. In front of the Ice Soul Divine Flame’s pressure, they appeared incredibly weak.

“No…!”

People did their best to resist that pressure, but they despaired. They actually ignited, not even able to last a breath’s time before exploding.

Right now, the world within the glacier became hell on earth. More and more of the Sacred Pill Hall’s disciples exploded, transforming into burning ice fragments.

People tried to ask for help from the experts outside. Some people realized that this was a trap and tried to charge out.

“The path of experts is paved through blood and bones. Now that the grand formation is activated, there is no going back. No one can save you. If you want to live, your only option is to advance. If you cannot even withstand the Ice Soul’s will, you are not qualified to be Lord Brahma’s follower,” said that Divine Venerate coldly from outside the barrier.

In the short moment he spoke, another million experts exploded. In just a few short breaths, forty million experts were reduced to thirty million.

Once they died, their bodies were turned into burning ice fragments. As they burned, the others felt the pressure lessen.

“Everyone, calm down! Don’t panic! Suppress your fear. Their deaths have bought time for us. Let us not waste this chance!” shouted a Supreme genius.

This was a large, muscular man. His flame-colored hair stood on end like the mane of a lion.

Following his shout, people did their best to expel their fear. They calmed down and fought the pressure of the Ice Soul Divine Flame.

They found that they were gradually getting accustomed to this terrifying pressure. They were delighted.

But then after the corpses of those disciples were burnt to nothing, the pressure grew once more. Now, they understood the meaning of this Supreme expert’s words.

This was clearly a trial by fire. Once the weak died, their bodies burned, buying time for the strong.

Some people were already rushing toward the top of the glacier. Those were all Supreme heavenly geniuses, and they seemed to have understood something.

Following them, others also quickened the pace. They also understood that if they wanted to live, they had to reach the core. There was no path of retreat.

They didn’t know what kind of trial this was, but they knew that they couldn’t possibly all die. As long as they were strong enough, they could survive.

The strongest display of power would be to reach the peak of the glacier. That was where the Ice Soul Divine Flame’s true body was sealed. Getting close to it should prove their power.

Seeing countless experts clenching their teeth and rushing forward, a cold chill appeared deep within Long Chen’s eyes. He had figured out the Sacred Pill Hall’s plot here.

This grand formation had a strange ability. Once people were killed, it would dilute a portion of the Ice Soul Divine Flame’s power. This portion of power was then sealed by the formation. In the end, it would be absorbed by the experts that were alive.

Long Chen wasn’t a formation master, but through Huo Linger, he could sense what was going on.

The experts here were all flame experts. After they died, their power would restrain the Ice Soul Divine Flame. As for the Ice Soul Divine Flame, it was sealed and powerless to resist. Long Chen could even sense its anger from the glacier.

“How vicious.”

Long Chen snorted and followed the crowd to the peak of the glacier. The pressure grew as they climbed. It was like an invisible world was crushing them, making it hard for them to breathe.

However, as more people died, as more flames were produced, the pressure would weaken a bit before growing again. The true experts were not in actual danger.

The glacier was a hundred thousand miles wide. During normal times, experts like them could cross this distance as easily as turning a hand.

However, under the pressure of the Ice Soul, just walking was difficult. Even as they wrapped themselves in flames, a bone-chilling cold still struck them, invading their souls. Experts with weaker Spiritual Strength directly had their heads explode.

“No… I don’t want to die…!”

People collapsed. Watching as the people around them died one by one, while the peak of the glacier was still far away, despair overwhelmed them.

In just an incense stick’s worth of time, another ten million people died. They could only advance, but there was no hope; they wanted to retreat, but there was no path back. They could only cry out in despair.

As for the experts outside the barrier, they simply watched this scene play out apathetically.

“Huo Linger, can you commune with it?” asked Long Chen.

“Not yet. I can clearly sense its existence and have sent it messages, but it is ignoring me,” said Huo Linger.

“How troublesome. I could sense its anger just now, but now its will is weakening. It probably has reached its limit and cannot last much longer.” Long Chen was worried.

Long Chen looked around. This could not continue. As these people died, they were diluting the power of the Ice Soul Divine Flame. He had to get to it first.

Long Chen then clenched his teeth, and lightning wings appeared on his back. He suddenly shot out like a bolt of lightning.

“What?!”

Long Chen instantly shot past everyone. Countless startled cries rang out.

“You want to get the Ice Soul Divine Flame first? Keep dreaming!”

As soon as Long Chen shot out, the large man with flame-colored hair formed hand seals, and a heaven-shaking roar rang out. After that, the void trembled and a flame qilin appeared. Sitting on top of it, he also rushed toward the peak, following close behind Long Chen.

“The ancient flame qilin?”

Long Chen was shocked. The qilin was not a flame spirit beast but an ancient divine beast. Long Chen hadn’t expected this man to possess such a divine beast. To be able to summon it in the barrier, it had to be a core beast.

The flame qilin was also as quick as lightning. It was right behind Long Chen. At this time, the other Supreme heavenly geniuses also started to put in more effort. Some summoned flame wings, some stood on flying swords. Those without any particular special abilities simply ran, pushing their speed to the limit.

Hundreds of Supreme experts rushed toward the peak. They were now playing with their lives.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Long Chen hadn’t expected the flame qilin to be so fast. In just a few breaths’ time, it was right behind him.

“Fuck, whatever!”

Long Chen suddenly shouted and lightning exploded out of him. He transformed into a Lightning Falcon, instantly throwing the flame qilin far behind him.

The instant Long Chen transformed into a Lightning Falcon, some people outside the barrier cried out, their expressions changing. That Divine Venerate shouted.

“Kill him! He’s not from our Sacred Pill Hall!”