Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3735 Biting the Hand That Feeds You

Long Chen was wrapped in lightning and transformed into a giant Lightning Falcon, breaking through the void. This completely exposed his identity.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It had to be known that although flame cultivators could control other powers, their flame energy had to be their main force. There was definitely no one in the Sacred Pill Hall that could control such a powerful thunderforce.

The experts outside the barrier were shocked and enraged. They had never expected someone to be able to muddle their way in.

“He… he’s Long Chen! The Darklight Heaven’s Long Chen!”

A disciple cried out. He was also someone from the Darklight Heaven. Long Chen had destroyed a branch of the Sacred Pill Hall in the Darklight Heaven, causing his arrest warrant to spread there. 

“You dare to muddle your way into my Sacred Pill Hall?! Courting death!”

That fire-haired man roared. He was already a thousand miles behind Long Chen and couldn’t catch up. Hence, he formed hand seals, and a flame spear pierced through the air.

The flame spear had just condensed when it whistled toward Long Chen. It was unknown what power he used, but the spear reached Long Chen’s back the moment it left his hand.

“It has escaped spatial restrictions?”

Long Chen’s heart shook. As expected, the world was truly large. There were countless hidden dragons and crouching tigers everywhere. 

BOOM!

A dragon mark appeared on Long Chen’s fist, and he punched the spear. As a result, the spear exploded, and Long Chen tried to accelerate by borrowing its power.

But unexpectedly, when the spear exploded, the void quivered. Runes then appeared around Long Chen, forming a giant net that sealed the space around him.

Clearly, this large man had also thought of Long Chen’s plan. There was no way he would let Long Chen borrow the power of his attack to accelerate. He even bound him.

Long Chen snorted. At this moment, the True Fire Sword appeared and a layer of white light appeared on its edge. This runic wall was sliced through.

“Ice Soul energy!”

When Long Chen’s sword sliced through the runic wall, the disciples inside and the experts outside the barrier were all shocked.

Without pause, Long Chen continued to rush toward the peak of the glacier.

The fire-haired man was shocked and enraged. He tried to attack again, but Long Chen was already outside of his attack range. With a furious roar, he urged his flame qilin to continue chasing.

“Hall master, what do we do?!”

Outside the barrier, a Divine Venerate looked toward a white-haired elder that had not spoken all of this time.

The white-haired elder’s expression was also ugly. He was unable to figure out how Long Chen had snuck his way in. If Long Chen was just an ordinary disciple, he wouldn’t care. But Long Chen possessed the Ice Soul’s power, and this aspect made him uneasy.

“Should we use the formation to attack him?” asked one Divine Venerate.

“No. Once we use it, the formation will charge states, and the Ice Soul energy that it has absorbed so far will return to the Ice Soul. If that happened, all those disciples would have died for nothing, and all our efforts would be for naught.” The white-haired elder shook his head.

“Then what can we do?”

The white-haired elder eyed Long Chen’s rushing figure. His gaze grew sharp. “He’s a brat who isn’t even a Supreme. Even if he possesses a trace of the Ice Soul’s power, he can’t cause any big waves. We will keep an eye on any changes. In any case, with the grand formation active, he cannot escape. Leave it to these children to deal with him.”

“But I’m afraid of him gaining the recognition of the Ice Soul…”

“It is impossible. And even if obtains the Ice Soul’s recognition, it means nothing. The Ice Soul is chained by the Heavenly Flame Essence Gold Chains. Even if it accepts him as master, it still needs us to release it. Those chains were personally made by Fallen Daynight. A World Domain divine item is nothing more than a joke in front of them,” said the white-haired elder indifferently.

Hearing that, they all relaxed a great deal. However, the white-haired elder then coldly said, “Something that we’ve been planning and preparing for millions of years actually resulted in such a careless mistake. Are you all pigs?”

This anger immediately made those experts quiver in terror. A half-step Divine Venerate knelt on the ground and said, “Reporting to hall master, all three barriers around this place are perfectly intact. Disciple has been keeping an eye all this time without the slightest negligence. Hall master, please take note of this.”

“Hall master, we’ve checked the faith energy of every disciple who came out of the transportation formation. They had to go through three inspections. No one could possibly slip in,” said another expert.

“If he didn’t come from outside and didn’t use the transportation formation, does that mean he was born here?” demanded a Divine Venerate angrily, thinking that they were trying to skirt responsibility.

“Don’t shout. This person definitely came from outside,” said the white-haired elder.

“But… but…” That half-step Divine Venerate turned pale. He was responsible for the outside barriers, and he couldn’t bear this blame.

“Our barriers are formless and linked together with the core formation. That little fellow possesses Ice Soul energy. That is why he was able to escape the detection of the barriers. This isn’t your fault. After all, who would have thought that someone with Ice Soul energy would come?” said the white-haired elder.

Hearing that, everyone understood. That half-step Divine Venerate also sighed with relief when he heard that the elder had no intention of blaming him.

“His speed is astonishing.”

Someone cried out in shock. Although that fire-haired expert was chasing with all his power, he was still cast far into the distance by Long Chen. The others were still midway up the mountain, but Long Chen had reached the peak.

Long Chen’s thunderforce pushed him through this violent pressure. The closer he got to the peak, the greater the pressure grew. Even Long Chen’s speed started to lag.

“Idiot, I came to save you! Hurry up and release me!” cursed Long Chen.

“Big brother Long Chen, it’s useless! It’s too weak. I’m worried that it can’t hang on!” transmitted Huo Linger nervously.

The Ice Soul Divine Flame had been sealed for so long, and its energy was constantly absorbed. After millions and millions of years, it was unknown how much of its power had been taken away. It was on the verge of collapse now, and no one knew who would be crushing its final ember.

The Sacred Pill Hall’s method was to destroy the Ice Soul Divine Flame’s will, pushing it to its weakest state. Once its will crumbled, under the threat of death, it would form a new spirit and recognize a master. Then their millions and millions of years of planning would pay off.

Right now, the Ice Soul Divine Flame was on the verge of extinguishing; its will was about to crumble. Due to the millions of deaths of the Sacred Pill Hall’s disciples, its will was no longer clear. It could only act instinctively.

As Long Chen's speed dropped, the other experts behind him were rushing forward as quickly as possible. However, their speed began to drop as well. Furthermore, more and more disciples died. The number of disciples still alive numbered no more than one million.

While resisting all of this pressure, Long Chen finally reached the peak. Once he did, he saw a cage bound by eight golden chains. Within the cage was a white-robed woman.

Without hesitation, Long Chen rushed toward the cage. But the moment he did, that white-robed woman opened her eyes, and chilling killing intent filled the world.

BOOM!

Caught off guard, Long Chen was knocked back by a terrifying force that made him cough up blood. Cracks covered his entire body.

“Do you have some fucking illness?!” Long Chen shouted furiously, cursing this woman.