Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3737 Collecting Interest

“It’s a deal!”

Even before Long Chen answered, Huo Linger ran out. She was a bit afraid of this woman but also full of anticipation.

“We are both flame spirits. You know I’m not lying.” The white-robed woman looked at Huo Linger.

“Alright!”

Huo Linger directly transformed into a flame dragon that wrapped around the woman’s body. She then merged into her just like that. In that instant, Long Chen lost his connection with Huo Linger.

Long Chen’s heart sank. Their spirits were connected. Having lost their connection, he felt a bit nervous for some reason. He was afraid now.

“Hold me!”

The white-robed woman suddenly looked at Long Chen. Her expression was cold and detached.

“Eh?” Long Chen was startled.

“Hurry!” She frowned.

“Alright.”

Although she was a beautiful woman, she was still a flame spirit, so holding her shouldn’t count for anything. Long Chen spread his arms toward her.

“From the back!”

Just as he held her, she frowned even harder.

“Oh!”

Long Chen hastily ran behind her and held her. He not only smelled her fragrance, but he even felt a cold shiver in his soul. Right now, a bone-chilling cold and a terrifying heat entered his body. The mix of hot and cold almost made him cough up blood.

The white-robed woman looked at all those experts above her. Killing intent filled her eyes.

“You have bestowed upon me millions and millions of years of pain and humiliation. I will never forget it. Today, I’ll collect some interest.”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She formed hand seals, and the glacier beneath her feet exploded. All the disciples inside exploded into dust by a terrifying wave of power.

Only the Supreme disciples were able to barely hold on. However, they were still blasted into the distance. They then looked at the woman in horror.

The glacier exploded, causing white light to gather around her. In that instant, the three Divine Venerates’ expressions completely changed. They were shocked to find that the formation had lost effect. The life flames of those heavenly geniuses didn’t end up diluting her power. They instead were absorbed by her.

“It’s Yan Xu energy.”

Long Chen saw countless black spots appear in the void when the glacier exploded. Those black spots were what absorbed the life flames of the dead disciples.

“The Grand Daos are emotionless; the cycle of karma flows. By my name as Ice Soul, I order the ten thousand laws! Using my soul, destroy the cosmos! Ice Soul Divine Sword!”

Following her chant, white light filled the world and condensed into a giant sword.

It was a giant sword whose entire body looked like cold jade, and its tip was pointed at the experts above the barrier. Seeing this, those three Divine Venerates were horrified.

“Run!”

The three Divine Venerates were the first to flee.

BOOM!

They had just vanished when the white sword pierced through the barrier and exploded amongst the hundreds of thousands of experts.

A white ripple spread and anyone struck by it was blown apart. It was like some energy inside their bodies was detonating. They had no power to resist in the slightest.

Other than the three Divine Venerates, the hundreds of thousands of experts of the Sacred Pill Hall were wiped out. The barrier also crumbled.

When the barrier fell, those giant flame pillars stopped spurting. Those flame pillars were also a part of the formation controlling the Ice Soul.

Ice and snow fell; every snowflake was burning. The laws of the Heavenly Daos were thrown into chaos. Long Chen was hiding behind her, and despite holding her, he received quite the blow. The mix of hot and cold felt like two invisible hands twisting his body, almost causing him to cough up blood. The Ice Soul’s power was truly terrifying.

This was the Ice Soul that was already exhausted. Long Chen couldn’t imagine how powerful the Ice Soul in peak condition would be. It was no wonder that it was ranked above the Heavenly Rainbow Flame.

After this attack, the white-robed woman’s aura plummeted. Her body even became translucent. It seemed that although that attack was terrifying, she had to pay an immense price.

“I’m out of energy. Help me pull out the foundation stones.” After saying that, her body slowly vanished and Huo Linger reappeared. Her body now had the white-robed woman’s aura on her.

Huo Linger’s aura was also extremely weak. She immediately returned to the primal chaos space to recuperate.

“What? That’s it? I thought that you were bringing me away!” Long Chen was dumbfounded.

“Die!”

Suddenly, the void exploded. The fire-haired man broke through space, stabbing a spear at Long Chen’s head.

Just as he appeared, an enormous figure also appeared behind Long Chen. Sharp claws whistled toward Long Chen. It was his mount, the flame qilin.

The flame qilin’s aura was exceedingly terrifying, even more terrifying than a Supreme heavenly genius. With one attacking from the front and one attacking from the back, their cooperation was flawless. They completely sealed all directions.

“I’ll kill you when I have time!” Long Chen snorted and suddenly sank into a hole. The red-haired man and the flame qilin crashed right past each other. Even at such a close distance, they didn’t strike each other.

After missing, the fire-haired man chased after Long Chen. His flame qilin followed him.

“Retreat! Leave this person to me!”

Suddenly, three figures appeared in the air. They were the three Divine Venerates that had noticed the situation and fled in time. At this moment, their expressions were exceedingly ugly. Although the three of them had escaped a calamity, all their subordinates were dead.

Most infuriating of all was that only a few hundred Supreme disciples had survived amongst the forty million disciples. It was a responsibility that they would be unable to survive.

However, compared to those people’s deaths, the most frightening thing was the Ice Soul escaping its bindings. If she did flee, everything would be over for them.

The first thing the three of them thought of was to capture Long Chen and reclaim the Ice Soul. Seeing the fire-haired man chasing Long Chen, they ordered him to stop. They had to personally capture Long Chen to prevent any accidents.

However, the fire-haired man was extremely prideful and didn’t listen to them.

“This person’s life is mine. I will take full responsibility,” shouted the fire-haired man coldly.

“You…!”

The white-haired elder was enraged but also helpless. That was because this fire-haired man’s status was special. Although the white-haired elder was the hall master of the Sacred Pill Hall in the three thousand worlds, he didn’t dare to forcibly order this man to do anything. That was because this fire-haired man was the disciple of the Sacred Pill Hall’s faith god.

Just like the Bloodkill Hall and the Nine Underworld Hall, the Sacred Pill Hall had many branches and many separate hall masters. But there was only one faith god, having unquestionable authority. Their disciples also had absolute privilege.

Because of this, the three of them couldn’t order around the fire-haired man. They could only form an encirclement to prevent Long Chen from fleeing.

Just then, the few hundred Supreme geniuses also dove down. Since the Ice Soul had vanished, they were all enraged and were going to vent it all on Long Chen.

Long Chen heard the words of the three Divine Venerates and sighed inside. This white-robed woman had really conned him. Instead of bringing him away, she actually gave him such a tough mission.

Long Chen dove underground and noticed a giant formation disc that was like a chessboard deep underground. It was covered in countless giant divine stones, and every single stone emitted terrifying flame fluctuations.

“These should be the foundation stones. Get in here!”

Long Chen cast out a net of lightning that wrapped around all the stones.