Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3741 Restorative Golden Lotus

Long Chen used over ten transportation talismans. The last three were random, sending him in a direction that even he didn’t know.

After those three random transportations, Long Chen completely relaxed. Even if a talisman expert like Xia Chen were to try chasing him down now, there was no way they could find his current location.

Furthermore, those people were from the Sacred Pill Hall. Other than refining pills and training flames, they weren’t skilled in other regards. They didn’t understand talisman arts, so Long Chen wasn’t worried.

Long Chen checked his surroundings. He had already left the scorched land, and there was greenery and vegetation. However, they were all short trees and shrubs. There were no towering forests.

Long Chen then set up several formations: one to conceal him, one as a warning system, and a transportation formation. Only then did he dare to rest here. He was already covered in sweat.

That wasn’t from being tired. It was from the thought of being blocked by hundreds of Supreme heavenly geniuses. Let alone all the rest, just Yin Changsheng alone would definitely exhaust him. Faith energy was practically cheating.

“I have to become an Immortal King and condense a Heavenly Dao Crown, or I really won’t be able to keep up with those cheaters,” muttered Long Chen, feeling vexed.

Faith energy was practically beyond reason. It couldn’t be broken. Fortunately, Yin Changsheng didn’t really know how to use his faith energy. If he had been like Liao Bencang and could condense a domain with it, Long Chen would probably be blind in both eyes for a while.

Long Chen rubbed his left eye. It was still very painful, and there was no sign of recovery at all. He didn’t know when it would recover.

After resting for a bit and finding no change in the surroundings, Long Chen relaxed enough to look within him. He saw scars in his flesh. It was like a milky white spider web cutting through his flesh.

Long Chen had never seen such an injury. Even when he circulated the primal chaos space’s energy to recover, it was very slow.

“Hey, don’t act like this has nothing to do with you! Help me heal.” Long Chen looked at the white-robed woman in the primal chaos space.

She was holding Huo Linger. White flames revolved around her as she absorbed the energies of the stones, and her eyes didn’t even flutter when she heard him. She indifferently said, “What harmed your physical body is the power of my will. My will attacks both the flesh and soul. But your will is powerful and so it wasn’t harmed. It’s just that your physical body is weaker than your will. My power was unable to damage your will, so all the power ended in your body.”

“And? Shouldn’t you hurry up and take back your energy?” demanded Long Chen.

“Sorry, I can’t do that,” said the white-robed woman.

“Why not?” demanded Long Chen.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“If it was before you fought Yin Changsheng, it would have been possible. But now those wounds have faith energy in them as well. If I pulled that energy back in, my core would be infected,” said the white-robed woman.

“Then why didn’t you help me take back this energy beforehand?!” raged Long Chen.

“You didn’t tell me to,” she answered expressionlessly.

“You…!”

Long Chen almost coughed up blood. “Fine, count yourself vicious. I’ll just count myself unlucky.”

Long Chen was enraged. Was there really a need for him to say such a thing explicitly? She had entered his primal chaos space and escaped, but she refused to help him now.

“I really don’t understand. The Heavenly Rainbow Fairy is clearly ranked behind you on the Heavenly Flame Ranking, but she’s gentle, refined, and virtuous. But as for you?” Long Chen couldn’t help mumbling to himself.

“You’ve seen the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy? Tell me her situation.” It was only when Long Chen mentioned the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy that the white-robed woman opened her eyes.

Long Chen was originally going to ignore her, but seeing how serious she was, he explained everything about how he had encountered the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy, as well as Yu Qingxuan’s relationship with her.

The white-robed woman sank into thought. “The Heavenly Rainbow discarnate soul was devoured by Yan Xu… The Yan Xu said to be the strongest flame was actually also infected by karma? He devoured her discarnate soul, and you killed his son. That retribution was quite fast. The new master of the Heavenly Rainbow has been born, and you have a close relationship with this new master. The workings of fate continue to twist and turn. The karma will grow increasingly blurred.”

“The Heavenly Rainbow Fairy was on the Heavenly Flame Ranking just like you. You know each other. You don’t feel the slightest bit bad about her death?”

Long Chen couldn’t help asking this. He saw that her expression didn’t change in the slightest. He didn’t see the slightest emotional ripple.

“Why would I feel bad?” asked the white-robed woman.

“You… Fine, I forgot that you’re not a person. Eh, but the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy was the same, and she had ample emotions. It’s not just the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy… Huo Linger has emotions too. Although they don’t have bodies of flesh and blood, they are no different from people,” said Long Chen.

The white-robed woman didn’t reply. She seemed to be thinking. Seeing her fall silent, Long Chen also didn’t speak again. Although they were both Heavenly Flames, the Ice Soul was completely different from the Heavenly Rainbow Flame. He liked the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy’s character more. He was willing to risk his life for her.

The Heavenly Rainbow Fairy was kind. This kindness made Long Chen willing to throw away his own life to help her.

However, this Ice Soul lived up to her name. She was truly icy and didn’t seem to have the slightest emotion. Even if someone else’s emotions were like a burning fire, it would be difficult to melt her icy heart.

Since the Ice Soul couldn’t help him heal, Long Chen slowly circulated the primal chaos space’s energy to heal.

“We are all flames of heaven and earth. Everything is up to fate. The cycle of life and death is already set, so emotions are meaningless. We are like snowflakes falling to heaven and earth. We live in winter and melt away in spring. When the winter comes once more, who cares whether the new snow is the snow of last year?” said the white-robed woman finally.

Long Chen shook his head. “Your logic is flawed. A person lives a lifetime, and grass lives for a summer. The summer bug cannot speak of ice, and the frog at the bottom of the well cannot speak of the sea. But whether you are a summer bug or a frog at the bottom of the well, even if you only live in a fixed space, it still has meaning within the Grand Dao. A person lives accompanied by sorrow and happiness. A person bitterly cultivates in pursuit of escaping that bitterness and obtaining happiness. But without the darkness, how can there be light? Without bitterness, how can there be happiness? Whether it is the same snow of last year doesn’t matter. The person who likes you will still like you, just like how I like the Heavenly Rainbow Fairy. But I was unable to save her. Otherwise, I would have definitely fought Yan Xu to my death.”

Seeing the white-robed woman fall silent once more, Long Chen couldn’t help saying, “Are you too tired? Is your mind affected? Why do you need to take so long just to think? You should rest then… I also need to heal.”

Long Chen truly felt this Ice Soul to be strange. Just talking to her was taking a great deal of effort.

“Then why did you risk your life for me?”

Just as Long Chen was about to enter meditation to heal, she spoke once more.

“Wasn’t my life only at risk because of you?!” shouted Long Chen angrily.

She once more fell silent. Now, she seemed a bit aggrieved. Long Chen was a bit embarrassed and said, “Alright, as a man, I won’t be so petty. We can discuss things later. Let me heal first.”

After saying that, Long Chen focused his mind. He was once more on the verge of entering his meditative state when the white-robed woman spoke up.

“Hey!”

Long Chen jumped. He was about to explode. Just as he was about to unleash a torrent of curses, the white-robed woman said, “That golden lotus in this space of yours can help you heal.”

Long Chen’s curses immediately vanished. He was shocked. “You… you know how to use it?”