Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3742 The Wonders of the Golden Lotus

“No. I don’t know.” The white-robed woman’s response was direct.

Long Chen almost coughed up blood. “If you don’t know, why did you mention it?!”

“I only know that the lotus has the ability to drive off evil energies. I didn’t kill you because I saw it. It is yours, so you can try communing with it. Use its energy to erase the faith energy. Of course, if the faith energy affecting you was bright and good, the golden lotus would have no effect on it. If it was sinister and dark, it should be able to expel it,” said the white-robed woman.

Hearing that, Long Chen’s anger slowly faded. He couldn’t help asking, “This lotus was given to me by a senior. But I’ve never been able to connect to it… Do you have an idea?”

Long Chen was about to call her a senior flatteringly, but he didn’t see any of the grace of a senior, so he didn’t bother.

The white-robed woman didn’t mind and simply shook her head. “It is yours. If you can’t connect to it, it can only be evidence that your virtue… that your opportunities are lacking. Think of a method yourself.”

She clearly paused after mentioning his virtue. Meanwhile, Long Chen was staring at the lotus and didn’t notice this detail. Just as she said this word, her expression twitched. A hint of nervousness appeared deep within her eyes. It was only when she saw that Long Chen didn’t notice that she relaxed.

Long Chen felt a rush of excitement when he heard that this lotus could help him expel faith energy. If that was true, would he need to be afraid of this cheating power in the future?

However, the Ice Soul didn’t seem to know much about the golden lotus. He could only test it himself.

Long Chen told the Ice Soul that he was entering meditation, so she shouldn't disturb him. The Ice Soul nodded, and only then did Long Chen gather his mind. He began to use his soul to reach out to the lotus.

Long Chen’s soul sat in the air beside the golden lotus. He was looking at it without the slightest distracting thought. He quietly sensed its fluctuations.

When its divine radiance illuminated his body, Long Chen felt like a layer of gold was covering him. In this state, he felt holy and untouchable.

However, other than that, there was no change in the golden lotus. It just slowly revolved as it always did, bathing the primal chaos space with its light.

One hour, two hours, three hours… Time slowly passed. There was still no reaction from the golden lotus. No matter how Long Chen tried to commune with it, it simply revolved as it always did. It was like it had no life at all. It didn’t react at all.

A day passed, then another and another. Long Chen stayed immersed in its golden light, his mind at peace. At first, he was continuously trying to commune with it. But toward the end, he seemed to forget his goal. He just sat in front of the golden lotus. Long Chen’s inner heart was at peace. There wasn’t the slightest fluctuation.

The golden lotus was like a pure land. Beside it, everything was at peace. Just like that, Long Chen forgot about all his vexations.

Time continued to pass. Long Chen had already entered a state of forgetting himself. He forgot about time, he forgot about space, and he even forgot about his own goal.

On the seventh day, the golden lotus finally reacted. It slowly opened, revealing a golden platform in front of him.

At this moment, the recovering Ice Soul suddenly opened her eyes. Looking at Long Chen sitting on the lotus platform, shock appeared in her eyes.

“Is he really the one that master chose? But his murderous aura is so heavy. The other side of his inner heart contains a peerless devil. Master, did you really choose him?”

She looked at Long Chen being enveloped in golden light. Disbelief filled her.

The moment Long Chen sat on the golden lotus platform, the faith energy in his wounds melted like snow in front of the sun. 

When the faith energy was gone, the Ice Soul formed hand seals, and divine light flowed out of Long Chen and into her. That was her energy.

The Ice Soul energy was truly terrifying. Even Long Chen’s powerful healing abilities were unable to help heal him. He could only slowly grind it away. But now that the faith energy had been removed, the Ice Soul energy could be recalled.

Now, there was no need for Long Chen to do anything. The Wood Foundation Divine Trees automatically helped Long Chen heal. Long Chen quickly recovered.

Suddenly, Long Chen was sent off of the platform and slowly opened his eyes. A golden lotus mark in his eyes slowly faded.

Long Chen smiled. He seemed to have finally formed the slightest connection with the golden lotus. Next time he wanted to use it to heal, it shouldn’t be so troublesome.

The state that he had just entered was one where he felt like he had escaped the bindings of the world and was simply watching things from the viewpoint of a spectator. He saw himself. He saw the golden lotus. He also saw the recovering Ice Soul and Huo Linger. He saw everything but didn’t think about anything. He didn’t do anything either. It was an indescribably profound and mysterious state.

This strange state faded once he left the golden lotus. It was like his soul was put back into his body. But his fully recovered body delighted him.

Long Chen looked at the golden lotus that was still slowly revolving. It was just like before, as if nothing had happened.

“Ice Soul. Do you mind if I call you Bing Po[1]?” asked Long Chen.

“I don’t mind,” said the Ice Soul lightly.

“How are you now? Have you recovered? How is Huo Linger?” Long Chen looked at Huo Linger a bit worriedly.

“I am inserting the energy of these flame foundation stones into her body. She should be fully recovered in ten days. As for myself? A long time ago, a battle damaged my core, and I fell into their hands. Since then, those bastards have been torturing me for millions and millions of years. My core energy is gravely damaged. To recover… it might as well be impossible,” said the Ice Soul with killing intent. She recalled her years of pain.

Suddenly, she looked at Long Chen. “But don’t worry, I will definitely do what I promised. Although I will not be able to fully recover in a short time, my recovery speed will not throw off her rate of growth. She will share all my power and help you fight.”

The Ice Soul seemed to have misunderstood Long Chen’s intentions. She thought that he was worried she would be useless. Clearly, she was saying that no matter how weak she was, she would still be stronger than him. Huo Linger would also grow with her. Long Chen definitely wouldn’t lose out by saving her.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Long Chen smiled bitterly. Although he didn’t like her character, he hadn’t saved her because he wanted some repayment. There was no need for her to explain herself.

Long Chen then left the primal chaos space and looked around. There had been no movements in the past few days. It seemed that the Sacred Pill Hall also knew that it was impossible to chase him and had simply given up.

Long Chen put away the formations. Taking a deep breath, he felt invigorated. He once more felt like a powerful dragon, and he even had the urge to find Yin Changsheng for another fight.

After examining his surroundings, he went in the other direction of the scorched land. After flying for half a day, he noticed a disturbance ahead of him. There were people fighting.

Once Long Chen was closer and saw the situation, he immediately rushed over.