Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3773: Fight of Tribulation Clouds

BOOM!

Two destructive energies crashed, unleashing a huge explosion that tore through the Heavenly River Blood Sea. As a result, countless bones were blown into the air from the depths of the sea. Those bones were the size of mountains, and together, they had filled the bottom of the sea.

However, the clash between Long Chen and Kun Tu caused those bones to once more see the sun. The moment they were exposed, the runes on them lit up. Powerful auras erupted from them as if those bones were alive.

BOOM!

The blasted seawater once more fell and angry waves raged. After that, the seawater covered the bones once again.

Long Chen and Kun Tu both grunted and fell back. Long Chen coughed up blood, and the stars above his head actually vanished.

Kun Tu was in a similar situation. After coughing up blood, his ancestral Kun manifestation vanished. He was unable to summon it again temporarily, which shocked him tremendously.

As for Long Chen, he was also shocked. The stars in the nine heavens had vanished from his senses; he had lost the mental connection with them. That made him unable to draw in their astral power.

That last blow wasn’t his absolute strongest blow. After all, merging all three forms of Split The Heavens into one was his true killer blow. He had saved his power just to unleash this move, but now he was unable to use it.

However, seeing that Kun Tu’s ancestral Kun manifestation had also vanished, along with his shocked expression, Long Chen felt much better.

Kun Tu’s manifestation was gone, but Long Chen’s divine ring was still present with the Six Star Battle Armor still active. Even if he couldn’t draw in more astral energy, he was still in a powerful state.

Long Chen then shot after Kun Tu just like that. He wanted to properly experience the power of a Kunpeng.

As for Kun Tu, now that his ancestral Kun manifestation was gone, a pair of giant wings suddenly appeared on his back. His aura might not be as vast as before, but it was still enough to shock countless lifeforms. He also charged at Long Chen.

Just as the two of them were about to clash again, the Heavenly River Blood Sea exploded. An enormous pillar of light soared out of the sea. Before Long Chen and Kun Tu clashed, they were struck by that divine light.

As a result, both of them were blown into the sky like shooting stars. When people saw their figures afterward, they were all shocked.

Both of them were now terribly bloody and deformed. Long Chen’s innards and bones were exposed. As for Kun Tu, his body was clearly stronger than Long Chen’s. Although he was covered in blood, it was only on the surface.

Everyone stared in horror at that pillar of light. They had no idea what had happened. Even Long Chen and Kun Tu were almost killed by that light. If it had happened to anyone else, they would have doubtlessly died.

Everyone, including Long Chen and Kun Tu, was stunned. This pillar of light came out of nowhere. It was bizarre.

The divine light struck the dome of the heavens. A hole then appeared in the sky and spread.

“There’s Blood Qi energy, spiritual energy, mental energy… the treasures of our ancestors have been activated! The Heavenly River Blood Sea’s energy is fully ignited! We are the final generation that will benefit from it!” A Supreme expert cried out emotionally.

This pillar of light contained multitudes of energy. It was like an erupting volcano, covering the entire Heavenly River Blood Sea with its power. Now, the Heavenly River Blood Sea was fully boiling, and Blood Qi filled the air. It was like just taking a breath could cause a person’s physical body to grow stronger.

Long Chen was stunned. He hadn’t expected his fight with Kun Tu to detonate all the energy within the bones at the bottom of the river. After this eruption, there would no longer be a Heavenly River Blood Sea in the three thousand worlds.

“What are you waiting for?! Undergo tribulation!”

When someone shouted, countless auras broke through their limits, drawing down heavenly tribulation. They began breaking through to the Immortal King realm.

“Little human, you think you’re qualified to fight me? You’ll simply be destroyed by my Kunpeng tribulation!” roared Kun Tu.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

After exchanging two blows with Long Chen, although it looked as if Kun Tu had the advantage, as a Kunpeng that had slaughtered his way out of the mortal world and into the immortal world, he was unwilling to accept such a result. That was because in all his life, he had never encountered anyone in the same realm who was a match for him.

As for Long Chen, he was nothing more than a human. Simply by virtue of possessing impure dragon blood, he was able to force Kun Tu to this extent? Thinking of this, Kun Tu was enraged.

When Kun Tu broke through his shackles, an enormous tribulation cloud appeared above his head. As it appeared, the tribulation clouds of the others were all devoured.

“Your heavenly tribulation? Good, let me see whose heavenly tribulation is stronger!” Long Chen shouted. His silent cultivation base then charged through its seal like a volcano that had been suppressed for millions of years.

As a result, a tribulation cloud appeared above Long Chen’s head as well, and its range was even greater than Kun Tu’s. When it appeared, a destructive aura filled the world.

The other people’s tribulation clouds quivered, not daring to keep up their work. Instead, they actually moved toward Long Chen’s tribulation clouds like troops seeing the emperor. They could only unconditionally submit.

“How can this be?!”

The experts borrowing the power of the lightning to absorb the blood sea’s energy were all dumbfounded. The moment Long Chen’s tribulation appeared, their tribulation clouds were crushed.

Kun Tu’s expression sank. He had not expected Long Chen’s tribulation cloud to be even bigger than his. How could someone have a more terrifying heavenly tribulation than him?

Both of their tribulation clouds limitlessly grew, devouring other people’s tribulation clouds. Those experts were left dumbfounded. They stared in disbelief at the sky.

Two tribulation clouds spread further and further, practically covering the entire Heavenly River Blood Sea. Of course, all the experts undergoing tribulation had their tribulation clouds devoured by the two of them. They no longer saw any lightning in the air. Instead, a deathly silence hung.

As for the demonic beasts outside, they were dumbfounded by what they were seeing. They had never seen or even heard of such a huge tribulation before.

The people undergoing tribulation had their tribulation clouds absorbed before they finished advancing to the Immortal King realm. Wouldn’t that mean that they still needed to continue their tribulation?

However, looking at overwhelming heavenly tribulation clouds in the sky, sensing the endless aura of death and annihilation that settled over this world, they were alarmed and anxious. What kind of heavenly tribulation was this?

Yet, if they were to flee, they would never advance to the Immortal King realm in their lifetime. Their paths would stop here. In the future, they would only be able to slowly wait for their longevity to run out and their death to descend. That was even more frightening than instant death.

Hence, countless experts looked toward the core of the cloud, wanting to see what was going on.

Suddenly, a crack of lightning split the world, and a thunderous boom rang out, splitting people’s eardrums. Seeing this scene, countless people lost their sight momentarily. As the tribulation clouds in the sky slowly parted, all that remained were Long Chen and Kun Tu’s tribulation clouds.

Those two tribulation clouds had just separated when something that terrified countless people occurred. The two tribulation clouds actually crashed against each other like shooting stars.