Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3775: Huo Linger Conveniently Benefits

The moment Long Chen’s flame divine ring appeared, Kun Tu entered his combat state. Killing intent overflowed from his eyes, but they also contained a hint of fear.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Previously, he and Long Chen had been struck by the divine light at the same time and been seriously injured. Kun Tu’s injury was clearly lighter though. After all, he was a true Kunpeng. His physical body was his greatest talent.

Despite Long Chen’s injuries clearly being worse than his, Kun Tu hadn’t directly attacked. He was finally afraid. However, he wasn’t afraid of Long Chen but of the many experts in the surroundings.

The current him could no longer look down on Long Chen. Although he still had confidence in being able to kill Long Chen, he also knew that Long Chen would fight back with all his power before his death. In other words, even if he could kill Long Chen, he would have to pay a price.

If this happened, then he would be further injured, and the experts of the other races might take advantage of that moment to attack. No matter how confident in himself he was, he wouldn’t dare to face so many terrifying experts while he was seriously injured.

That was why despite knowing that this was his best chance to kill Long Chen, he still hadn’t attacked. But when this flame ring appeared behind Long Chen, he jumped, thinking that Long Chen was preparing to fight.

However, after summoning the flame divine ring, Long Chen didn’t do anything else. A white-robed maiden sat within the flame divine ring. It was Huo Linger.

Huo Linger was forming hand seals and chanting within the divine ring. She was actually chanting the first part of the Nirvana Scripture.

If it was before, Huo Linger’s Spiritual Strength would be insufficient to utilize the Nirvana Scripture on her own. But after Bing Po gave Huo Linger her source energy, Huo Linger underwent a complete transformation. She was now capable of independently using a portion of the Nirvana Scripture.

As she chanted, the lightning of the world quivered slightly. Flames actually separated from the lightning runes and merged into Huo Linger’s body.

It was because this heavenly tribulation lightning contained the power of the five elements. As Huo Linger had used up a great deal of her energy when she unleashed the World Extermination Flame Lotus, she could borrow the power of this heavenly tribulation to replenish that spent energy.

However, the flame energy in this lightning couldn’t be directly absorbed. It was only after the lightning swords shattered that they became available. Bit by bit, flame runes were pulled toward her.

With the nourishment of this flame energy, Huo Linger was revitalized and the flame ring grew. What Huo Linger hadn’t expected was for the flame energy of this tribulation to be even purer than she had imagined.

Her lost source energy was rapidly recovering. She almost cried out in delight.

“Stay calm, stay calm. Conceal your true power. A fierce battle will be fought soon,” warned Long Chen hastily, afraid that she was going to get crazy.

Huo Linger hastily suppressed her exploding aura. She simply chanted the Nirvana Scripture and absorbed this energy, compressing it into tiny flame spheres and sending them into the primal chaos space as storage.

This flame energy was amazingly pure and could be directly absorbed without digestion. Once she absorbed it, it instantly merged with her, transforming into source energy.

If she absorbed too much, there would be no way for her to keep her aura suppressed. Hence, in order to not appear too flashy, she compressed this energy for future storage.

However, even when she didn’t directly absorb this energy, the process of the compression still caused her to absorb a bit of its power automatically. Ninety percent was compressed and stored, but ten percent was automatically absorbed. She couldn’t stop it.

Huo Linger didn’t know if these flames simply had this characteristic innately or if it was due to the Nirvana Scripture’s power drawing them to her. In any case, it was her first time encountering such a good thing. She gathered as much of this flame energy as she could.

Long Chen simply summoned a flame divine ring and had Huo Linger chanting inside of it. As it didn’t look like anything particularly special, Kun Tu calmed down. His greatest worry was Long Chen realizing that he was definitely dead and suddenly launching a suicidal attack on him.

Long Chen coldly looked at Kun Tu. He was currently circulating the primal chaos space’s energy to help him recover.

The Wood Foundation Divine Trees finally quivered. In the past, they had so much life energy that when he needed to recover, the amount of life energy he took was so miniscule that it didn’t cause any change in them.

However, this time, his injuries were so severe that the leaves of the Wood Foundation Divine Trees finally started to turn dark yellow.

Long Chen knew that his current body was between the Divine Lord and Immortal King realms. It naturally took more energy. Furthermore, that attack he had just been struck by was truly bizarre. This injury of his was requiring a terrifying amount of life energy to heal.

However, he wasn’t afraid of this kind of injury. The only thing to worry about was a Grand Dao injury that even the primal chaos space’s energy was powerless against.

Although that pillar of divine light had been terrifying, the primal chaos space’s energy was still effective in healing it. That meant that it wasn’t Grand Dao power. It was very likely the combined power of those billion Beast Venerates. As long as it wasn’t Heavenly Dao energy, Long Chen wasn’t afraid of it.

Long Chen’s wounds were recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye. At the same time, Kun Tu’s recovery speed was not inferior to his. Seeing their physical bodies recover so quickly, countless experts gasped.

This terrifying heavenly tribulation was something that even Supreme experts needed to focus all of their power on surviving. But these two were completely ignoring it and actually calmly recovering within it.

When an incense stick’s worth of time passed, things were no longer chaotic. The Supreme demonic beasts were protecting the other demonic beasts that were still alive. Because of this, they finally had a chance to gather themselves and joined forces to attack the lightning swords.

After all, only by destroying the lightning swords could the lightning runes be absorbed. Otherwise, just by dodging, they wouldn’t be able to absorb anything, and then they wouldn’t be able to refine the blood essence qi hanging in the air.

The reason they had risked their lives to undergo tribulation here was to absorb this energy. In order to completely transform themselves, they could only go all-out.

However, before this tribulation started, there was an uncountable number of demonic beasts here. Just the amount that a single person could see was over a trillion, let alone those that were further away.

Now though, they numbered no more than a hundred million. It was only thanks to the tens of thousands of Supreme experts that they were still alive. Otherwise, they’d have long since fallen to the lightning swords.

After the chaos, they began testing the lightning swords. One reason was so that they could absorb more lightning, while another reason was to lighten the pressure on the Supreme experts protecting them, giving them a chance to breathe.

However, just as they began to absorb this lightning, the five-colored lightning swords suddenly changed color. They turned black and pierced down with the aura of death.

BOOM!

A Supreme demonic beast slashed his sword at a black lightning sword, only for that black sword to explode, transforming into a giant black lightning flower. Absorbing the impact, the Supreme expert was directly blasted into the distance. As for the other demonic beasts that were being guarded by him, they were devoured by that black lightning flower, turning into nothingness.

“No!”

Seeing that, the demonic beast race’s experts cried out in despair.