Chapter 3779: Soul Corpse Reincarnation

The immemorial demonic beast actually spoke. That made everyone jump. Although these demonic beasts were terrifying, they were still nothing more than corpses controlled by the heavenly tribulation.

But now, it was as if these immemorial demonic beasts had come back to life. Resentful auras erupted out of them as they attacked Long Chen. They were looking at Long Chen as if he was the one who had killed their fathers.

“Soul reincarnation into a corpse?!”

Long Chen was shocked. He then saw a humanoid figure above that immemorial demonic beast. It seemed to be a human Yuan Spirit that was glaring at him resentfully. Sensing his aura, Long Chen estimated that it was a powerful Supreme heavenly genius.

This immemorial demonic beast’s corpse had somehow merged with this heavenly genius’s soul. At this moment, the runes on the skeleton fully lit up, and it attacked with an apocalyptic aura.

The others were all horrified by this sight. Such a phenomenon was not even recorded in historical texts. It was absolutely bizarre.

It was a bull-shaped lifeform with hooves stamping through the air. Its horns lit up, and it smashed through the world like a meteor, instantly reaching Long Chen.

At this moment, the veins on Long Chen’s arms bulged like wiggling serpents. After absorbing so much of that mixed essence blood energy, Long Chen’s power had crazily risen. He slashed the Minghong Saber fiercely.

BOOM!

A heaven-shaking explosion shook the entire world.

A giant bull horn then fell to the ground. Long Chen had severed it. As for the rest of the bull, it was sent tumbling back by Long Chen’s attack.

“What power!”

Long Chen was shocked. He hadn’t expected his power to suddenly rise to such a level.

“Is my true dragon race’s Swallow the Heavens, Devour the Earth divine ability something that you can imagine? After devouring the essence blood of so many demonic beasts, although you’ve contaminated your dragon blood, your power has now risen by over ten times in this short time,” said the dragon expert proudly.

BOOM!

Long Chen was about to reply when he heard another huge explosion, and a terrifying force blew him back. That bull lifeform had actually self-detonated.

As a result, the Supreme heavenly genius’s soul vanished along with it. That person’s soul essence had been merged into the corpse by the heavenly tribulation.

The Supreme expert himself knew that he was already dead. The heavenly tribulation had only bestowed upon him a chance for vengeance. Seeing that he couldn’t kill Long Chen, he directly self-detonated just to harm Long Chen.

More and more of the immemorial demonic beasts were bestowed with souls. Their auras completely changed. As they possessed their own conscience now, they immediately attacked Long Chen.

“Nothing more than a group of dead resentful spirits. Why would I be afraid?”

Long Chen held the Minghong Saber. Sensing the endless power within his body, his battle intent soared.

The Minghong Saber cried out as it attacked. One immemorial demonic beast after another was sent tumbling back, while some of them were directly killed by a single attack.

Long Chen’s body was still swelling. His legs were twice as thick as they usually were, and every single one of his movements caused his Blood Qi to roar. It was as if he had an inexhaustible source of power.

After slaying those demonic beasts, Long Chen absorbed even more essence blood. His physical body was rapidly strengthening. This violent Blood Qi was difficult to control, but the immense power made Long Chen feel like the ruler of the ten thousand Daos.

Feeling great, he fought more and more fiercely. No matter how those immemorial demonic beasts attacked him, they were sent flying back one by one.

Long Chen absorbed the essence blood, while Lei Linger absorbed the lightning. As for Huo Linger, she absorbed the flame runes in the lightning. They were all growing rapidly.

Suddenly, the void split open, and a pair of giant wings rose to the heavens. Countless immemorial demonic beasts were sent flying. Some of their bodies exploded, transforming into lightning runes.

“Kun Tu!”

Startled cries rang out. Kun Tu suddenly unleashed such an attack. His wings were like blades slaughtering those demonic beasts.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Kun Tu then extended a claw, directly crushing one of those demonic beasts. Everyone was shocked by this. He annihilated such a terrifying existence without the slightest effort.

Kun Tu’s interference drew a mass of immemorial demonic beasts against him. Even those being controlled by Supreme heavenly geniuses attacked him. He was actually attacking them even faster than Long Chen.

Everyone was shocked by his immense power. However, people quickly reacted.

BOOM!

The next to join in was the beast cultivator. He summoned his manifestation, and countless wild beasts roared within it. As wings spread on his back, his hands transformed into sharp claws. After that, horns grew out of his head, and tusks extended out of his mouth. Most terrifying of all, a sharp tail also grew out of his butt.

At the same time, patches appeared on his skin. Some areas were furry; some were scaled. There were even some strange bone spurs on some parts of his skin. He became a completely strange lifeform.

He let out a roar. It was like a tiger and a lion’s roar combined, and an explosive soundwave spread throughout the sky. With a flap of his wings, he shot toward one of those immemorial demonic beasts like a bolt of lightning.

BOOM!

Suddenly, he opened his mouth, and a red light shot out like a sharp sword, piercing through his target’s head. That immemorial demonic beast was killed in a single blow, transforming into runes.

The beast cultivator’s body then quivered. The immemorial demonic beast’s runes, whether it was the essence blood runes, lightning runes, or inheritance runes, were all devoured by him.

After seeing him join in as well, everyone realized that they were fighting over the immemorial demonic beasts.

Although these immemorial demonic beasts were terrifying, their bodies were treasures. Killing them could rapidly strengthen an expert. Although they looked to be endless, there were only a billion. If this continued and they didn’t join in, they would all be devoured by Long Chen, Kun Tu, and the others.

Such a heavenly tribulation was unprecedented, so its benefits were clearly insane. As long as they could pass this tribulation, they would soar in this world. This was their only chance to completely change their fates. They could not let it slip by.

Following the beast cultivator, the Underworld Eye Giant also joined in. Black qi swirled around his body, and his warhammer’s runes lit up. His body grew, and with a swing of his warhammer, three immemorial demonic beasts were killed.

Seeing that Kun Tu and the others were no longer holding back, the other experts also started going all-out. Furious roars shook the heavens as they attacked the immemorial demonic beasts, absorbing the energy that they unleashed.

As expected, the more they killed, the more energy they absorbed, and the stronger they grew. Whether it was demonic beasts or other races, they were driven crazy by this opportunity.

All of a sudden, a lightning sword silently appeared. It was like a phantom, bizarrely killing the immemorial demonic beasts one by one. The lightning runes were devoured, but no one saw the wielder of the sword.

“Get out of the way! I’m killing Long Chen! Don’t force me…!” A Supreme heavenly genius’s soul within an immemorial demonic beast roared and charged at Long Chen.

However, as a result, he was killed by Supreme experts from his own race.

“Bastards! You’re going to kill your own people?! Then don’t blame me!” Another possessed immemorial demonic beast roared and attacked a nearby demonic beast expert. Things descended into chaos.