Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3780: The Final Wave of Heavenly Tribulation

Originally, the possessed immemorial demonic beasts were only thinking of killing Long Chen. It was because the Heavenly Daos had assigned them the mission of killing Long Chen.

Furthermore, their soul essence was grasped by the Heavenly Daos just as they died, so they still temporarily had their consciousness.

They wanted to kill Long Chen for killing them. However, their fellow demonic beasts also wanted to kill them again to take their thunderforce and essence blood energy. That enraged them, and they began to attack indiscriminately. Just like that, anyone who dared to stop them from killing Long Chen was assaulted with their full power.

Everything descended into chaos. In order to gather more thunderforce and essence blood energy, everyone went crazy. The energy within a single immemorial demonic beast was enough to cause their power to soar. Such an immense opportunity to get stronger would only come once in this lifetime, and they naturally wouldn’t let it go.

As Long Chen held the Minghong Saber, his divine ring spun and his starry sea quivered. After that, strange marks appeared along the Minghong Saber. These were the runes of those immemorial demonic beasts that he had slain. They somehow appeared on the Minghong Saber.

At this moment, endless power gushed out of the Minghong Saber. It seemed to descend into a crazed state. Bit by bit, this killing weapon’s aura grew increasingly terrifying, like a devil breaking out of its seal. When it slashed down, it always killed an immemorial demonic beast.

Even Long Chen was shocked. He was absorbing the essence blood of these immemorial demonic beasts, but the Minghong Saber was obtaining just as many benefits as him.

There was no way for Long Chen to absorb those runes into his blood. No matter how much essence blood he absorbed, his golden dragon blood, despite now only being one-thousandth of his total essence blood, still dominated everything. It was the general controlling the masses, and the new blood was unable to resist. Because of this, the runes were expelled outside of his body and entered the Minghong Saber.

The Minghong Saber accepted them all, and countless marks appeared on it. The fragments of the immemorial demonic beasts’ inheritance runes were all absorbed by it, causing it to undergo an immense transformation. Its murderous aura grew increasingly dense.

The Minghong Saber grew increasingly powerful, while Long Chen was inhaling thunderforce and essence blood.

Originally, it was just his dragon blood wielding power. But now, countless bandits in the form of various essence bloods had joined in. Their individual power wasn’t great, but they could form an immense army, which was controlled by the dragon blood. This terrifying power even shocked Long Chen.

As time passed, this army grew stronger and stronger until Long Chen felt his body starting to hurt. This immense army was finally starting to go out of his control. The stronger they grew, the more difficult controlling them was.

“Lei Linger, give me some power!” Long Chen had no choice but to ask Lei Linger for aid.

Lei Linger assented, and her thunderforce poured through his veins, helping him control this new essence blood by destroying their old wills. It would make controlling them easier.

The battle then continued to rage, and Long Chen resumed slaughtering the immemorial demonic beasts that reached him.

In the distance, Kun Tu’s wings flew through the air, blasting apart the immemorial demonic beasts. His killing speed was not at all inferior to Long Chen’s. Furthermore, his aura was also growing stronger and stronger. Killing those immemorial demonic beasts grew increasingly easy for him.

The Underworld Eye Giant, the beast cultivator, and some other powerful heavenly geniuses were also at full power slaughtering those immemorial demonic beasts. This was truly a battlefield where the weak were eliminated.

The experts grew increasingly powerful as they slaughtered the immemorial demonic beasts. But the weak, despite knowing that killing the immemorial demonic beasts would bring them endless benefits, were too weak to do so. In the end, they were simply killed.

Of tens of thousands of Supreme geniuses, only over three thousand remained. It was because there were immense power differences between Supreme geniuses. The ones remaining were all true experts. As they continued to kill, the endless army of immemorial demonic beasts gradually reached their end. Their numbers were finally shrinking.

“Boss, this heavenly tribulation might only have two waves. Should we kill Kun Tu first?” Jiang Lei eyed the tribulation clouds that were growing sparse.

Jiang Lei always remained not too far from Long Chen. That way, they would still be able to cooperate. At this moment, he didn’t know how many immemorial demonic beasts he had killed himself. Furthermore, at this distance, some of the scattered lightning runes from the beasts killed by Long Chen were also devoured by Jiang Lei.

Every inch of his skin was covered in lightning marks. His body had been tempered to a point that he couldn’t imagine. Now, he even had the confidence to receive a World Domain divine item’s attack barehanded. An unprecedented power filled him with confidence.

With the tribulation clouds growing sparse, it seemed that they were going to vanish. Hence, Jiang Lei’s immediate thought was that they would be besieged by the demonic beasts again as soon as the tribulation was over, so it would be better to cut them down before the tribulation ended. Then they would only have to deal with the Divine Venerates outside.

“The heavenly tribulation won’t have only two waves. That doesn’t match their tempo. Although the laws of the Heavenly Daos are different here and this place is special, causing the heavenly tribulation to change once more, based on my experience, there is at least one more wave. Don’t be careless. Conserve your power,” responded Long Chen. When it came to his tribulations, he didn’t look at the tribulation clouds. He only trusted his own intuition.

“Another wave?”

Jiang Lei was shocked. If there really was another wave, then it would be even stronger than the last. But this wave had pushed so many people to their limit. If there was a stronger wave, wouldn’t they all be wiped out?

Many people seemed to be thinking the same thing as Jiang Lei, assuming that the heavenly tribulation would only have two waves. Seeing that the number of immemorial demonic beasts was shrinking, they unleashed all their power to gain more benefits before the tribulation ended.

Just then, the sky darkened and a huge figure charged at Long Chen. Everyone was shocked. It was Kun Tu.

“Long Chen, time’s almost up! Time for you to face your death!”

Kun Tu’s manifestation burst into existence, and the huge Kun appeared once more. Those immemorial demonic beasts nearby him were directly blown apart by just the aura of this great Kun.

“What?!”𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Whether it was the demonic beasts or the other experts, they were all terrified. Kun Tu used just his manifestation to crush those immemorial demonic beasts? The heavenly tribulation wasn’t even over, but his aura was more than ten times greater than before. Such an advancement speed was absolutely terrifying.

Long Chen was also startled. Compared to before, Kun Tu was like an entirely different person. It was no wonder the dragon expert had said that he might die in Kun Tu’s hands. Fortunately, Long Chen had also made huge gains, otherwise, he really wouldn’t be a match for Kun Tu any longer. If he had gone through this tribulation normally, he’d have gained far too little.

“Time is almost up? No, we’re still a bit off. Do you think my heavenly tribulation will end like this? You’re too naive.” Long Chen shook his head.

At this moment, the tribulation clouds in the sky slowly faded away. There were still thousands of immemorial demonic beasts left, but they were quickly killed.

However, people’s expressions quickly changed. Even after killing all the immemorial demonic beasts, they hadn’t advanced to the Immortal King realm.

Just then, the seawater plummeted. In just a breath’s time, this endless sea vanished, revealing a dry seabed.

After that, the earth quivered. People saw lightning sparking within the land. Following that, the seabed split open, and pillars of lightning soared into the heavens. The world became a lightning cage.

As the seabed collapsed, one lightning-clad figure after another slowly flew out. When Long Chen saw those figures, his pupils shrank to the size of the point of a needle.

“This final heavenly tribulation is the nine star heirs.”