Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3790 Clear Sky City

“Boss, I’m also a Supreme expert! This isn’t a dream, right?”

As the Dragonblood warriors consumed the Heavenly Dao Fruits and became Supreme experts, they felt like they had completely transformed. It was like a dream.

“Are you joking? Now that you’re with boss, do you still need to suffer? In the future, every day will be like a dream!” laughed Jiang Lei.

Long Chen and the others had once more interrupted the transportation midway just like last time and found a secluded place. Long Chen then picked out suitable Heavenly Dao Fruit based on each Dragonblood warrior’s strong points.

The Heavenly Dao Tree was definitely a heaven-defying existence. Those Heavenly Dao Fruits no longer possessed the aura of the demonic beast race, containing only the purest source energy. Hence, there was no sign of rejection after consumption.

After consuming the fruits and becoming Supreme experts, they still felt that this was surreal. A Supreme heavenly genius? They had never dreamed of becoming such an existence.

The Dragonblood warriors had all suffered. Although they didn’t go through such a terrible experience as Jiang Lei, every step was still thorny. Their path was one of blood and tears.

However, this pain and hardship had not obliterated their wills. Instead, it made their wills even stronger. Their sharpness was fully unsheathed. After the battle of the Martial Heaven Continent, they had started to sheathe that sharpness. This sharpness was then tempered inside the sheath, and once they unsheathed their sharp light once more, it would give off an unprecedented sharpness.

Previously, due to following Long Chen for so long, they had not suffered enough, causing them to grow arrogant. They hadn’t suffered a true failure. But now, these hardships had sharpened them, teaching them how to pull in their sharpness. A blade that was only hard could be shattered easily. Now they knew how to reserve themselves, how to hide that sharpness for when they needed it.

To hide one’s sharpness was not a form of cowardice. It was a way of accumulating power for when it was required. When this power was unleashed, it would be like thunder.

Seeing how excited his brothers were, Long Chen was full of emotion and gained even greater confidence for the future. These brothers of his were his greatest motivation. With them present, he was at peace. He was no longer alone.

“You missed your chance to temper your bodies with the heavenly tribulation, so the Supreme energy has not fully merged with you. But it’s fine. Get used to it for a bit, and then Lei Linger will use her thunderforce to help you reach that level. But we need to take it step by step, not just leap to the end in one jump. To sum it up, you don’t need to think about anything. Leave everything to me.” Long Chen smiled.

Putting it like this, they all cheered. Now that they were with Long Chen, they were no longer solitary figures. They no longer had to worry about the future or fear death. They didn’t need to be afraid of being alone.

They once more returned to that carefree time when they no longer needed to think about anything other than cultivation.

Long Chen personally checked their combat power. During this time, they didn’t forget what he had taught them. Their foundations were all extremely solid.

Their battle will had not regressed. Instead, this cruel struggle only made them stronger.

Long Chen couldn’t help sighing. Other than Guo Ran, every Dragonblood warrior was serious and did not dare to slack off in the slightest. They were warriors who worked the hardest.

Once the Dragonblood warriors got used to their Supreme power, Long Chen brought them to the closest city.

Long Chen took out the compass. Taking note of the direction it pointed, he made a few marks on the map to estimate Mo Nian’s general location.

They then began to travel across a few cities. Those were all human settlements. Conveniently, Long Chen checked if there were any Dragonblood warriors present. If he could gather everyone, he could turn them all into Supreme experts.

The cities that he chose were close to the areas suitable for humans to undergo tribulation. The three thousand worlds didn’t just possess the Heavenly River Blood Sea. There were many places suitable for people to undergo tribulation.

The best places were already occupied by powerful forces. Anyone who wanted to undergo tribulation there had to be a powerful expert to get their share.

If it was an ordinary Dragonblood warrior, Long Chen estimated that they would choose a place that wasn’t so hotly contested to undergo tribulation. Huo Qing and the others had also done so. After undergoing tribulation, they went to a city to stabilize their realm.

Long Chen directly shouted when he reached the first city. A Divine Venerate immediately came out, only to be beaten up by Jiang Lei and the others.

Jiang Lei could now easily challenge ordinary Divine Venerates. He was so strong that he left the beating to his brothers. He only made sure to keep things steady and not let his brothers be injured.

Under Jiang Lei’s guidance, the three of them beat up the city lord. After that, a Divine Venerate of the devil race mocked the human race, and Long Chen immediately ordered that devil Divine Venerate’s headless corpse to fall to the ground.

Although he also disliked the human race here, he wouldn’t kill them. But when it came to other races, he didn’t have so many misgivings. If he found a chance, he would directly kill them.

After that devil Divine Venerate was slain, the entire city became obedient. Long Chen directly gave orders to find people, but they were left disappointed. There were no Dragonblood warriors present. However, that was fine. Their group went to the second city and did the same thing. After beating up the city lord, everyone was obedient, and then they looked for their people.

They were delighted to find a Dragonblood warrior present. That revitalized everyone.

They went from one city to the next. After seventeen cities, they found thirty of their people. Including Jiang Lei, Huo Qing, and the others, they were now a group of thirty-six.

Finding each Dragonblood warrior was worth a celebration. They were all emotional and wept. This reunion was truly difficult.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Long Chen only picked the best Heavenly Dao Fruits for these Dragonblood warriors, and all of them became Supreme experts.

Once the thirty-six of them were united, they immediately started training their formations. After being apart for so long, it felt a bit strange. Furthermore, they were all from different captains, so they needed some drilling to get used to working together.

However, their foundations were solid, and their cooperation quickly reached a flawless level. The thirty-six of them managed to form a perfect formation.

Seeing this, Long Chen was elated. Their combined power was shocking. It felt like he was seeing all the Dragonblood warriors together again. He could already see the Dragonblood warriors sweeping through the battlefield once more.

“Brothers, let’s go. The Dragonblood Legion’s name will once more shake the world!” shouted Long Chen.

The Dragonblood warriors cheered. All of them were in high spirits. Following Long Chen again made them feel like they had returned to their days on the Martial Heaven Continent.

In just a few hours, they reached a giant ancient city. This was one of the three thousand worlds’ ten major cities, Clear Sky City.

As soon as they got close, they heard a lazy voice.

“The limitless palace in front of the limitless mountain, the limitless trees before the limitless gate, the dreams of heavenly geniuses vanish without a trace as soon as they encounter Mo Nian. Little fellow, have you not heard my great name? You should know that life is short. Why must you always walk shortcuts?”