Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3828 Profiting

The Moon Flame was ranked seventh on the Heavenly Flame Rankings. It was ranked above the Ice Soul but below the Sun Flame. Also, it was a supreme Yin flame, the opposite of the supreme Yang flame known as the Sun Flame.

Long Chen didn’t recognize this Moon Tree, but he did recognize the Moon Flame. That was because these black flames were flowing like water.

A flame that possessed the attributes of water could only be the Inverse Dao Water Spirit Flame from the Earth Flame Rankings or the Moon Flame of the Heavenly Flame Rankings.

Right now, this black flame was like a single drop of water around a soft shoot the size of a sesame seed. The flame slowly burned, glistening like it was plump with water. It seemed completely harmless.

Its fluctuations weren’t particularly intense. But when Long Chen stretched his soul toward it, he sensed that this tiny little flame seed possessed endless power.

This energy was soft and not sharp. Huo Linger eyed it and couldn’t help drooling.

Long Chen hastily said, “Girl, this is the companion flame of the Moon Tree. Don’t even think about it. If you want to eat it, wait until the tree grows up.”

This one drop was nothing more than the tiniest snack to Huo Linger. Furthermore, the legends said that the Moon Flame was the companion of the Moon Tree. Without the Moon Flame, the Moon Tree would also die.

So, if Huo Linger couldn’t endure and consume it, Long Chen would need to find a place to cry.

Long Chen counted. One hundred and eight tiny flame seeds had now appeared on this wooden gate. In other words, there were one hundred and eight shoots of the Moon Tree.

These tiny shoots had sucked away all the life energy of the primal chaos space. Long Chen had no idea just how much life energy they would require to grow. This would probably be a slow and long process.

However, the Moon Tree was a legendary divine tree. Its wood was harder than World Domain divine items, and that was enough to tell how precious it was.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Furthermore, there was also the companion Moon Flame. Once these divine trees grew up, the Moon Flame would also grow, and Huo Linger would have an endless supply of food. Long Chen had truly profited this time.

Once the Moon Trees grew up, they would be able to provide Long Chen with endless life energy. He wouldn’t ever need to worry about being injured.

At the same time as he was excited about this, he also knew that the amount of corpses that he would need to gather to make these Moon Trees grow would probably be unimaginable.

But that was fine. He had enemies spread throughout all the nine heavens and ten lands. Countless races were after him, and he wouldn’t even need to go find them himself. As long as he was strong enough, he didn’t need to worry about this.

Long Chen then took out his dagger and began to cut up the wooden door. In the end, he split it into one hundred and eight pieces.

The black dagger was incredibly sharp, having cut through this door’s axle like it was tofu. However, it actually had trouble cutting through this door. It was like using a blunt knife to cut sinew. After he finished cutting the door apart, a great deal of his Spiritual Strength was exhausted.

After that, he spread the one hundred and eight shoots on the outer edges of the primal chaos space. After he had become an Immortal King, the primal chaos space had grown ten times larger again.

There was now plenty of space. Long Chen then spread them in this new space so that they wouldn’t affect the vegetation at the core. Otherwise, once they grew up, there would be no way to keep his medicinal fields.

The primal chaos space was now ninety percent empty. Only the center had the Wood Foundation Divine Trees.

At this point, the Moon Trees had yet to grow, so Long Chen couldn’t sacrifice those Wood Foundation Divine Trees or the Devil Eye Water Lilies. Otherwise, if he was injured, he wouldn’t have life energy to rely on.

Thus, he spread these one hundred and eight shoots throughout the empty space, making sure to keep some distance between them and the rest of the vegetation.

If he didn’t do this and the Moon Trees ended up still being soft shoots after absorbing all the other vegetation’s life energy, Long Chen would be in an awkward position with no life energy to rely on.

After Long Chen was done, his divine sense retreated from the primal chaos space. He saw that Mo Nian and the others hadn’t disturbed him when they saw him suddenly freeze. They were discussing how to fight.

Right now, Xia Chen’s talismans were the bane of these evil corpses. Mo Nian also had some talismans, but those were life-saving trump cards that he wouldn’t easily use.

On the other hand, Xia Chen could make more whenever he wanted and could toss them out freely. Xia Chen had naturally prepared countless talismans for this opening of the three thousand worlds, as well as a huge stock of talisman paper and inscription ink. It was enough to last him years.

They were currently discussing how to best create openings for Xia Chen, as the best way was to strike the evil corpses’ heads with his talismans. They chose to deal with the evil corpses in the quickest, most efficient way.

“Let’s keep going,” said Long Chen. He then said a few things to the Vajra Blood Bat on his shoulder.

This Ghost Dao lifeform truly was mischievous. There was no way to control it. Just then, it had intentionally drawn over so many evil corpses just to see everyone flustered.

However, it wasn’t really an evil lifeform. It was just its nature, very curious and eager to try everything. It was just like a naughty child.

This was why the Ghost Dao’s lifeforms were not liked by others. As for these troublemakers, they were the lowest lifeforms of the Ghost Dao and were disliked by all. If it weren’t for the Ghost Sovereign’s mark on Long Chen, they definitely wouldn’t listen at all.

Long Chen harshly gave it some orders, and this time it was much more well-behaved. It continued to lead the way and didn’t mess around. After that, it only brought back one or two evil corpses at once that Mo Nian and the others easily dealt with.

After they were sealed, Long Chen tossed them into the primal chaos space. They were then devoured by the black soil and nourished the vegetation inside with life energy.

Long Chen and others continued and killed hundreds of evil corpses. There were all kinds of them, but all of them were very powerful. It was getting harder and harder to deal with them.

Some of them even still possessed a fighting conscience, so Xia Chen ended up failing to seal them several times. It was Long Chen who used thunderforce to pierce their heads and kill them in the most forceful way.

Fortunately, Lei Linger’s thunderforce was heavenly tribulation lightning. It was extremely effective against these evil corpses. If struck in the head, they could be killed in one blow.

As they progressed further, the evil corpses grew incredibly powerful. At first, they were only at the early Immortal King realm, but then late stage Immortal Kings appeared, and in the end, there was a terrifying World King evil corpse.

It was an enormous demonic beast that almost fully sealed the channel. Long Chen and Mo Nian pincered it from the left and right, only barely managing to seal it with Xia Chen’s talisman.

When Long Chen tossed it into the primal chaos space, so much life energy poured out that the withered Wood Foundation Divine Trees and Devil Eye Water Lilies instantly recovered. Even the Moon Trees grew at a speed visible to the naked eye, becoming the size of a bean.

Long Chen was delighted by this discovery. If just a World King evil corpse possessed such enormous life energy, what about a Divine Venerate?

Just as Long Chen was delighted, the Vajra Blood Bat that was leading the way suddenly cried out in terror.

“Not good!”

Long Chen’s expression instantly changed, and he shot forward like a bolt of lightning.