Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3837 Drinking BloodCheckk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Yin Changsheng had silently snuck his way to the bottom of the Fusang Tree.

In truth, the moment the Nine Underworld Luocha, Shi Yang, and Ji Wuming attacked, Yin Changsheng had ordered the Sacred Pill Hall to join forces with the devil race to attack Yue Xiaoqian.

He was in no rush to deal with Long Chen and the others because he wanted to get the Fusang Tree first. He was planning on raising it as his life tree.

The Fusang Tree was the seed of the Sun Flame. It was also the source from which the Golden Crow race was born and flourished. If he raised it, he would have an endless supply of flames.

Although the flames on the Fusang Tree were currently only an embryonic form of the Sun Flame, causing its power to be limited, it had to be known that even in this embryonic form, it was stronger than any flame below the top ten of the Heavenly Flame Rankings.

The top ten flames of the Heavenly Flame Rankings were the supreme existences of all flames. Every single one of them represented a kind of Heavenly Dao, a kind of pinnacle.

Thus, Yin Changsheng instantly viewed this young Fusang Tree as a must-have as soon as he saw it.

Taking advantage of the chaos, he had avoided everyone and started stealthily cutting at the ground, wanting to expose the roots and pull it all out.

However, the Fusang Tree’s underground root system was enormous. It was far larger than the tree that they saw aboveground. There was no way for him to dig it all out.

He quickly got impatient with this. After cutting a circle around the earth of the Fusang Tree, he began trying to push it out of the ground.

As a result, all of his power only caused the Fusang Tree to quiver. He didn’t manage to push it out by the roots. Instead, he alerted Long Chen.

This Fusang Tree was also a must-have for Long Chen. He already had the Moon Trees. If he added the Fusang Tree into the primal chaos space as well, he would have the Sun Flame and the Moon Flame. He definitely wouldn’t allow Yin Changsheng to obtain it.

“Rise!”

Long Chen shouted and pulled with all his power. Yin Changsheng was also pushing from beneath its roots. With one pushing and one pulling, they worked together to unearth the Fusang Tree.

The next moment, the world shook and dirt exploded. Golden silt turned this world golden, as the Fusang Tree’s roots were forced out of the ground.

Once it was lifted up, divine light exploded from underground. A kind of power was erupting like a geyser from underground, scouring this world.

Long Chen and Yin Changsheng had no time to bother with what was happening. They were now competing against each other. One pulled the top of the tree, and the other pulled the bottom of the tree. Both of them were trying to draw the Fusang Tree into their own world.

The two of them pulling were like ants compared to the Fusang Tree. But as they pulled, rumbling rang out and cracks covered the trunk.

At this moment, a roar rang out as a flame qilin appeared behind Yin Changsheng. This flame qilin had also entered the Immortal King realm, and its pressure was a hundred times greater than before.

With a single roar, it destroyed countless runes in the air. It bounded toward Long Chen.

“Huo Linger, kill it!”

Long Chen snorted, and Huo Linger hacked the True Fire Sword at it without a word.

BOOM!

The flame qilin was struck directly. One was a divine flame beast, one was a flame spirit. Both of them were masters of fire. As soon as they collided, five golden flames erupted, turning this world into a world of fire.

The flame qilin was unprepared and sent tumbling back by Huo Linger. However, it wasn’t injured. Instead, its killing intent was provoked, and it raised its head and howled. All its fur was lit ablaze.

“What are you shouting about? Today, I’ll be killing you for meat!”

Huo Linger snorted and once more attacked with the True Fire Sword. However, just as she was about to strike the flame qilin, the True Fire Sword vanished. In its stead, an ice thorn appeared and struck the flame qilin directly.

BOOM!

The flame qilin was instantly invaded by the Ice Soul energy. Its flames were sealed, encased with ice.

“Raging Flame Slash!”

The True Fire Sword appeared in Huo Linger’s right hand again and swung toward the flame qilin’s head in a strange arc.

The moment the ice shattered, the True Fire Sword cut open a deep wound in the flame qilin’s head. As a result, blood poured out like lava, and it roared in pain.

The flame qilin was Yin Changsheng’s contractual divine beast, and it had received the nourishment of the Sacred Pill Hall’s faith energy over a long period. Moreover, Yin Changsheng had also raised it with countless resources. That was what resulted in its immense power.

In terms of pure power, it was not any weaker than Huo Linger. It had many terrifying divine abilities. However, many of those divine abilities required it to work together with Yin Changsheng to be released.

With Yin Changsheng competing against Long Chen over the Fusang Tree, the flame qilin could only fight on its own. Regretfully, while its power was immense, its intelligence was limited. In this aspect, it was a far cry from Huo Linger.

Under Huo Linger’s attacks, it had no chance to unleash its ultimate moves before Huo Linger cut open its head.

“Qilin blood really is something good!” Seeing this blood, Huo Linger became feverish. She directly rushed over and saddled herself on its head, biting down this wound. She then crazily sucked up its essence blood.

The flame qilin roared, feeling terrified. It swung its head frantically but was unable to shake her off. She was like plaster, stubbornly sticking to its head.

The flame qilin’s essence blood was pure flame essence because Yin Changsheng had spent an enormous amount of resources on raising it.

It was unknown just how many heavenly flames in the top hundred of the Heavenly Flame Rankings had been fed to it. Furthermore, Yin Changsheng had fed it all kinds of flame attribute natural treasures and ores to assist it in cultivation.

It was due to this that its power had reached such a terrifying level and also why the flame essence in its body was concentrated to such a monstrous density.

As the essence blood entered her body, Huo Linger felt incredibly refreshed and delighted. Pure energy was flowing through her body. She felt like she was rapidly getting stronger, and this feeling drove her to suck it up even more frantically.

“Use the Golden Light Barrier!”

Seeing the flame qilin just roaring and swinging its body in this state, Yin Changsheng shouted an order to it.

However, the flame qilin was now completely terrified. Its mind was swamped with terror, so it had long since forgotten how to use any techniques. With its essence blood being absorbed by Huo Linger, its aura was rapidly weakening.

BOOM!

Suddenly, there was an enormous explosive sound. The Fusang Tree was unable to endure the pull from both of them and split in the middle. Long Chen received the upper portion, while Yin Changsheng received the lower portion.

Yin Changsheng’s expression sank. This was not what he wanted. With only its roots, he had no idea if he could raise the Fusang Tree. Even if he could, who knew how many resources it would require to let it flourish?

“Long Chen, you’re definitely dead today!” Yin Changsheng roared. After that, milky-white light exploded out of him. In his fury, he directly mobilized his immense reserves of faith energy.