Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3840 Triple Supreme Long Aotian

It was still the same arrogant Long Aotian. His haughtiness had not diminished at all from back then, so it could be said that he lived up to his arrogant name.

What was different about him was his adornments. His violet elegant robes, violet gold crown, violet gold belt, and even his shoes were all covered in dragon marks. Those dragon marks gave off powerful divine energy fluctuations. It was like his body was surrounded by dragon qi, bestowing him a noble air.

Long Chen looked at Long Aotian with many emotions. There was excitement; there was rage. Back then, he had left Long Aotian alive as a clue to search for his father and mother.

However, until now, he had only found some clues about his mother but not the slightest news about his father. He didn’t know whether or not they were still alive. All of this was caused by Long Aotian’s family.

Although Long Aotian’s father and mother were now dead, Long Aotian was the one who had benefited from them stealing Long Chen’s Spirit Blood, Spirit Root, and Spirit Bone. Before killing him, Long Chen’s killing intent would never be fully settled.

Now that Long Chen was seeing Long Aotian once more, his killing intent exploded. All of his problems started because of Long Aotian.

Yin Changsheng and the others were also shocked by Long Aotian’s arrival. He possessed an indescribable air around him. With the Heavenly Boundary Line in place, even though they couldn’t sense his aura, just looking at the air around him was enough to make them feel shocked.

Yin Changsheng, the Nine Underworld Luocha, and Ji Wuming’s hearts shook. They were all first-rate experts and had sharp senses toward other experts. Even through the Heavenly Boundary Line, they could sense the immense pressure that Long Aotian gave them. They had never seen such a terrifying existence before.

Long Aotian wasn’t alone. Right as he descended, hundreds of others in similar violet robes covered in dragon marks also came down.

However, those experts had silver dragon marks on their robes. Only Long Aotian’s robes had golden dragon marks.

They stood behind Long Aotian. It seemed that they were his subordinates. However, every single one of them had gazes as sharp as blades. They were all true experts.

Long Chen and Long Aotian looked at each other. Their gazes were like blades crossing through the air. This pair of mortal enemies were actually meeting here.

“Long Chen, it seems that you’re the same as ever. Wherever you go, you only create enemies. Even after ascending to the immortal world, you still haven’t matured in the slightest. You’re still constantly chased down and hunted by others,” said Long Aotian, his hands clasped behind his back. His gaze disdainfully swept across Yin Changsheng, the Nine Underworld Luocha, and Ji Wuming.

Long Aotian seemed even more arrogant than he was back then, not placing anyone in his eyes. This arrogance of his instantly provoked Yin Changsheng and the others.

“Who do you think you are to dare saying such big words?” raged the Nine Underworld Luocha.

However, Long Aotian ignored her, like he didn’t even see her. He only looked at Long Chen.

“Long Chen, I really have to thank you for not killing me on the Martial Heaven Continent. Although I know you did it on purpose in order to torture me, I still have to thank you. Because you didn’t kill me, I ascended to the immortal world. Here in the immortal world, after my body was checked, I learned just how valuable those three things taken from your body are. It is because of this that the Long clan valued me so highly. Even some ancestral patriarchs that are basically living fossils were disturbed. They not only expelled the poison you gave me, but they even spent a huge amount of resources and effort, sacrificing their precious longevity just to cleanse my Spirit Root, Spirit Bone, and Spirit Blood. I don’t know if you’ve heard of this before. In this world, there is a kind of super genius called a Triple Supreme. That is precisely me.” Long Aotian looked at Long Chen through the Heavenly Boundary Line with a touch of disdain, flaunting his fortune.

“Triple Supreme?!”

Yin Changsheng, the Nine Underworld Luocha, and Ji Wuming’s hearts shook.

A Triple Supreme was someone who had Supreme Blood, a Supreme Bone, and a Supreme Spirit Root. Furthermore, they had merged all three into one, which allowed them to reach the very heavens.

A person’s Spirit Root and Spirit Blood were essentially innate. But a person’s Spirit Root dominated their talent. It required constant cultivation and comprehension to allow the Spirit Root to be cleansed and purified.

However, the Spirit Root was the most difficult to cultivate. The Spirit Root was already set when a person was born, and only a very small number of people could change it through cultivation.

But even if they could change it, it would only be miniscule changes. Changing a Spirit Root was truly a heaven-defying conduct.

In this case, changing a Spirit Root didn’t make the Spirit Root stronger, nor did it make someone’s talent better. Instead, it was to restore the Spirit Root to a state of empty spirit. This would bring it back to the flawless state from when a person was just born.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This kind of cultivation of returning back to the origin was exceedingly difficult. It was like having a cultivator—who had experienced countless tribulations, seen all the emotions of humanity, and experienced the hypocrisy of the world to the point of having been schemed against countless times—return to their pure heart from their childhood. It was almost impossible.

Once a blank piece of paper was covered in ink, returning it back to its pure state was almost impossible.

However, the heavens were large and filled with monsters. There were truly some people who had defied the heavens and managed to purify their Spirit Root back to its original state. However, they were incredibly rare. One might not appear even in tens of thousands of years.

Even if there was such a person, they would essentially be unrivaled, a transcendent existence. But this Long Aotian in front of them was wild and domineering. He was clearly a vicious person. Thus, Yin Changsheng and the others refused to believe that such an existence was capable of purifying his Spirit Root back to its original state.

A Double Supreme was already a Supreme amongst Supremes; only one or two would appear amongst tens of thousands of Supremes. Furthermore, those two required lucky encounters. They had to obtain enough primal chaos qi in order to merge both aspects. If they weren’t born in the right place, even if they had that talent, it would be wasted.

The Nine Underworld Luocha sneered. “Don’t brag. Even if you had the potential to be a Triple Supreme, you wouldn’t be able to merge all three in the Immortal King realm. A Triple Supreme can only start their merger in the Divine Venerate realm. Without reaching that realm, you can at most only merge your blood and bone. Unless…”

“Unless… I possessed an innate mutated Spirit Root?” Long Aotian smiled disdainfully.

“You…!”

The Nine Underworld Luocha and the others were shocked. That expression… could it be? But it was impossible!

Long Aotian enjoyed their shocked expressions and laughed. “Long Chen, I really didn’t expect that your Spirit Blood, Spirit Root, and Spirit Bone would be so amazing. I am now the Long clan’s number one expert of the junior generation. I am the successor of the immemorial Long clan. The current me is like the sun in the sky, so I have to thank you. Tell me, how do you want to die? I will let you choose as a reward for your contribution.”

After saying that, Long Aotian walked right up to the Heavenly Boundary Line, and in front of everyone’s stunned gazes, slammed a palm on it.