Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3841 Seven-Color Supreme Blood

The Heavenly Boundary Line was a condensation of the laws of the three thousand worlds. It represented an absolute dignity, an existence that could not be challenged or blasphemed.

It split the three thousand worlds in two. Ever since it was born, no one dared to touch it. Otherwise, they would be provoking the laws of the world and be eradicated by those laws.

However, Long Aotian walked right up to the Heavenly Boundary Line and slammed his palm on it. The moment his palm struck it, the Heavenly Boundary Line quivered and rainbow light flowed out. The Heavenly Boundary Line actually didn’t reject him. Instead, a rainbow gateway actually appeared in it.

This rainbow gate flowed like water. In front of everyone’s stunned gazes, Long Aotian’s figure slowly passed through the gate. He went through the Heavenly Boundary Line just like that.

Yin Changsheng, the Nine Underworld Luocha, and Ji Wuming were too stunned to move. Long Aotian was actually capable of ignoring the laws of the three thousand worlds? What kind of heaven-defying ability was this?

No matter how strong a person was, how could they actually seize the Heavenly Daos and suppress the very laws of the world? Even people as strong as them were shocked. They had never heard of anyone possessing such an ability.

Mo Nian, Yue Xiaoqian, Xia Chen, and Guo Ran came charging down this passageway as well. Originally, Yue Xiaoqian had managed to force Shi Yang to the brink of death, but at this moment, she couldn’t bother with him. They all charged down.

When they saw Long Aotian and confirmed that they hadn’t seen it wrongly, they were even more shocked. Long Aotian was no longer the old Long Aotian of the Martial Heaven Continent. He was now so powerful that he had surpassed all their expectations.

After crossing the Heavenly Boundary Line, the rainbow gate behind him slowly faded. Looking at everyone’s shocked expressions, he smiled. He seemed to greatly enjoy this sight.

“Long Chen, do you see? This is the power of your seven-color Supreme Blood. It possesses the innate ability to subdue the ten thousand Daos, so the laws of a minor world like the three thousand worlds cannot stop me. It’s such a shame that you were the original owner of this seven-color Supreme Blood, but it shows off its heaven-shaking might in my hands. I suppose the greatest tragedy is that you, the original master of this seven-color Supreme Blood, will now die to it. Hehe, isn’t that very ironic? Perhaps this is fate.” Long Aotian smiled, feeling very pleased with himself. He looked down on Long Chen like an emperor from high above.

It was only once he passed through the Heavenly Boundary Line that people could sense his true aura. He seemed to possess a transcendent energy, one that made people feel the urge to prostrate themselves toward him.

This aura was noble and domineering, an aura that could subdue the four seas and cause the nine heavens to kowtow. It could not be resisted. It was as if the ten thousand Daos could only crawl beneath his feet.

What shocked Yin Changsheng, the Nine Underworld Luocha, Ji Wuming, and the others the most was that this terrifying Long Aotian’s seven-color Supreme Blood was actually taken from Long Chen.

They had heard Long Aotian say that he had taken three things from Long Chen before. Now, they knew that one of them was this seven-color Supreme Blood. Then the other two…

“Tell me, where is my father?” Long Chen clenched his teeth furiously. He had only let Long Aotian off back then to learn the whereabouts of his father and mother.

Although he did not know where his mother was, based on Luo Zichuan’s character, his mother should not be in danger.

However, his father’s whereabouts were still a mystery. When Long Chen looked for the Long family, they had pulled up their whole family and left without leaving a clue. So, now that he was seeing Long Aotian again, he had to learn of his father’s whereabouts.

“Your father? Don’t worry, your father is still alive. He’s doing very well. After all, with me present, who would dare to touch him? Hehe, his son caused the death of my parents, so how could I not let him live? Hahahaha!” Long Aotian might be laughing, but he was clenching his teeth angrily.

His enmity with Long Chen was no longer as simple as stealing his blood, bone, and root. Long Aotian had caused Long Chen’s family to be separated. As for Long Chen, he had killed Long Aotian’s parents as a way of getting some interest on his debt to him.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Long Chen hated Long Aotian, and Long Aotian hated Long Chen. Both of their hatreds had reached the point of being deeply imprinted in their souls.

Although Long Aotian hadn’t died and had even profited from his defeat last time, he was still tortured by Long Chen. He might now have the favor of the immemorial Long clan. But before that, after Long Chen fed him his black soil pill, he was in such immense pain that he thought of ending himself many times.

In the immortal world, he was unable to endure this pain and wanted to kill himself. That torture was unbearable.

Later on, an expert from the Long family forcibly sealed his cultivation base, making him unable to even kill himself. However, they were unable to seal the pain, so he was tortured with every second.

It was precisely this terrifying pain that had stimulated the self-protective will of his Spirit Blood, Spirit Root, and Spirit Bone. No matter how much pain he was in, he wouldn’t die. He ultimately retained a trace of his life.

During that time, it was truly a case of living a life worse than death. Originally, the Long family had decided to abandon him because they had no way to save him. It was only later that they noticed that Long Aotian’s Spirit Blood, Spirit Root, and Spirit Bone were incomparably powerful. No matter how the poison raged, it was unable to take his life.

As a result, they requested aid from the experts in the clan, and someone crossed heavens just to check on him. After finding that Long Aotian possessed the potential to become a Triple Supreme, this expert immediately sent him to the Long clan’s ancestral land, willing to pay any price. They even disturbed the ancestral patriarchs.

With the patriarchs personally taking action, the poison in his body was dispelled. They spent a huge amount of resources and effort to cleanse Long Aotian’s Spirit Blood, Spirit Root, and Spirit Bone. From that moment on, Long Aotian soared, standing far above all other heavenly geniuses. He became the immemorial Long clan’s strongest genius of this generation. Furthermore, his potential was viewed highly amongst all the patriarchs. They had great expectations of him.

The current Long Aotian could be said to want for nothing within the immemorial Long clan. If he wanted wind, there was wind. If he wanted rain, there was rain. There was no one who could match him. However, there was still a single knot in his heart. That was Long Chen, the person he hated to the bone.

Now that the two were meeting once more, both of them became like bloodthirsty beasts glaring at each other with scarlet eyes.

When Long Aotian said that Long Zhantian was in his hands, Long Chen’s head buzzed. His fury exploded.

If Long Zhantian was in his hands, it was unimaginable just how much he was being tortured. Thinking of this, Long Chen’s fury was out of control.

“I could make you live a life worse than death once, so I can do it a second time!” Long Chen’s roar was like thunder. After that, killing intent shook the void, and the ten thousand Daos howled. When his divine ring spun, his seven stars quivered. He didn’t hold back the slightest bit of power as he smashed a fist at Long Aotian.

“Keep dreaming! I am no longer the old Long Aotian! Starting today, only I will reign supreme within the nine heavens and ten lands! Everyone else is merely stepping stones on my path to the peak! As for you, Long Chen, you will be my first step!”

“Divine Blood Infects, Heavenly Desolation!” Long Aotian’s manifestation burst into existence. It was a multicolored desolate world. As soon as this world appeared, a Supreme aura unfurled, causing everyone’s expressions to change.

“Today, I’ll show you what a true Supreme is, what true power is!”

Long Aotian didn’t dodge in front of Long Chen’s attack. He unleashed his own fist. These two destined mortal enemies once more clashed in the immortal world.