Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3842 Seven Planet World SuppressionCheckk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The moment the two of them clashed, their auras exploded violently. Even before truly exchanging blows, space already rumbled and exploded. The golden lake began to ripple and unleash huge waves.

BOOM!

Both of them unleashed a fist, and the collision shook this entire world. Even the Heavenly Boundary Line quivered. After that, a qi wave exploded, blowing both of them back.

This direct clash lacked any technique or skill. It was a pure clash of physical strength.

However, when their auras exploded, a tyrannical pressure crashed down on everyone, suffocating them.

With Long Chen and Long Aotian fighting, Yin Changsheng, the Nine Underworld Luocha, and Ji Wuming stopped. They hadn’t expected such an expert to suddenly appear. This was a perfect chance for them to test out just how strong Long Chen was.

“Without your seven-color Supreme Blood, you could only use other essence blood to replace it. But even if you have true dragon essence blood, so what? You can only be suppressed.” Long Aotian unleashed another punch. This time, the multicolored world in his manifestation became active, as if it was a magnificent painting scroll whose colors were now moving. The world became vivid and lifelike.

At this moment, his fist was covered in a layer of divine light. When it fell, the world shook and a giant mass of spatial cracks appeared. The power of this fist was ten times greater than his first.

“Since I dared to release you back then, it was because I was sure I could beat you again. In front of me, you can only ever be beaten.”

Long Chen’s stars quivered. When his calm violet qi erupted, they ignited into violet flames.

This was Long Chen’s first time unleashing his violet qi without restraint. After getting accustomed to his new power, his body was entirely capable of bearing the pressure of his violet qi.

Violet qi gushed out of the 108,000 stars behind him, which instantly blazed with light, becoming like suns unleashing endless power. That power flowed through Long Chen’s body like rivers.

BOOM!

The two of them once more clashed. This time, the void exploded and wild power unfurled.

Cracks appeared on the ceiling above their heads. Whether it was this side of the Heavenly Boundary Line or the other, giant cracks appeared. It appeared as if this world would collapse at any moment.

The two of them fell back once more after clashing fists. Once they did, their auras erupted like volcanoes that had been sealed for millions and millions of years.

“Long Chen, I’ll show you my manifestation. You’ll then know the difference between us! Divine Blood Infects Heavenly Desolation is just the first form. I’ll now show you the second form, Seven Planet World Suppression!” Long Aotian raised his arms toward the heavens and roared. His long hair whipped around him. As his manifestation rumbled and boomed, waves of violent qi came spurting out.

At this moment, two new colors appeared in his multicolored manifestation world. They were black and white.

When they appeared, it was like a sun and a moon had appeared. The sun was bright, and the moon was dark; one Yang and one Ying. With this addition of black and white, Long Aotian’s aura soared crazily, unleashing qi waves that scoured this world.

Mo Nian and the others were stunned. The current Long Aotian was absolutely terrifying. He was like an unrivaled celestial god, with an aura that shook their souls.

“Seven Star Battle Armor!”

Violet qi swirled around Long Chen’s body like millions of flying dragons. His aura had also reached a critical point. All his violet qi surged toward his FengFu Star.

The FengFu Star, Alioth Star, Life Fate Star, Enlightenment Palace, Divine Gate Star, Nethergate Star, and Violet Tower Star lit up one by one. Every time one of them lit up, his aura rose to a new level.

Last time, in his fight with Shi Yang, although Long Chen had summoned the Seven Star Battle Armor, it was not the complete version.

That time, although all seven stars were lit up, it was still one step away from the complete Seven Star Battle Armor. One reason was because Long Chen hadn’t needed to take that step in order to defeat Shi Yang. The other reason was because he wasn’t fully confident that he could endure the impact of that final step.

However, now Long Chen had to cross that final step because the current Long Aotian had already pressed him to the point of needing to do so. He was truly the most frightening opponent Long Chen had ever met.

Long Chen’s aura erupted explosively. When the seventh Violet Tower Star lit up, the violet qi around him ignited. Violet flames then raged around him, igniting the very laws of the Heavenly Daos.

However, what shocked Guo Ran, Xia Chen, and the others was that while both their auras raged, Long Aotian’s manifestation almost filled this entire world, suppressing Long Chen’s manifestation. It was unable to break free from Long Aotian’s restrictions.

It was like there was a giant tree blocking all the sunlight from reaching him. As a result, Long Chen’s manifestation appeared much weaker in front of Long Aotian’s manifestation.

“Boss…!”

Guo Ran’s expression changed. If Long Chen’s manifestation was suppressed, then there was no way he could be a match for Long Aotian. Long Aotian was too powerful.

“Long Chen, it seems that I overestimated you. Under the suppression of my manifestation, the current you cannot even receive a single blow from me.” Long Aotian looked at Long Chen derisively. His manifestation quivered, unleashing endless divine light around him.

Long Aotian was in no rush to attack. He seemed to have immense confidence, so he arrogantly looked down on Long Chen. With his hatred of Long Chen, killing Long Chen just like this was letting him off too easily. He wanted Long Chen to die tortured and aggrieved. He wanted to return the pain he had suffered because of him a thousand-fold.

“It seems that I also overestimated you. You are just a pig who remembers feedings but not beatings. Even after being tortured by my medicinal pill for so long, you still haven’t learned your lesson. Your arrogance is all faked. It is nothing more than an attempt to cover up your own sense of inferiority. Everything that you depend on does not come from you. It all stems from other people’s shameless means. When all that outside power is stripped from you, what do you have left? I’ll answer for you: when you lose those things, all you have left is nothing.”

Long Chen’s manifestation was quivering and his seven stars were constantly vibrating. Although it was suppressed and forced into a smaller space, Long Chen wasn’t the slightest bit panicked.

These words pierced deep into Long Aotian’s heart. Just as Long Chen said, nothing he had was obtained by his own efforts. His pride, his arrogance, they were all to cover up the fear and self-inferiority in his heart.

Even though he was so powerful now, he still had nightmares. He would see everything that he had stolen away. He also saw himself become nothing more than an ordinary person. That feeling of living a life worse than death kept returning.

He knew that Long Chen had become his major heart-devil. If he wished to continue cultivating, he had to kill Long Chen. Otherwise, sooner or later, he would be consumed by his heart-devil.

After being exposed by Long Chen, he roared furiously, “A bunch of nonsense! I’ll slaughter you right now!”

Long Aotian flipped in the air and stamped down, diving down like a goshawk. Multicolored runes then flowed on top of his hands like sharp claws piercing toward Long Chen.

Just then, the Violet Tower Star’s divine light illuminated the FengFu Star. At this moment, the seven stars were fully connected. This was the complete Seven Star Battle Armor.

BOOM!

With a heaven-shaking explosion, astral light erupted around Long Chen, and he unleashed a punch straight at Long Aotian.