Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3852 Enraged Long Aotian

“This Long Aotian is too powerful! Do we really not need to support boss?!” Xia Chen hesitated.

Seven-color Supreme Blood on top of immemorial violet blood. Long Aotian was a monster.

“Don’t be such a worrywart. Long Chen’s power definitely exceeds your imagination. Furthermore, his battle with Long Aotian is one fated by the heavens. We cannot interfere. With Long Chen’s pride, he will not permit us to help. So let’s just do what we should do!” said Mo Nian.

He truly understood Long Chen. Although he hadn’t spent that much time with Long Chen, he was another peak expert, so he could sense just how terrifying Long Chen was. Thus, no matter how terrifying Long Aotian was, Mo Nian wasn’t worried about Long Chen.

Mo Nian brought them to the rest of the coffins. With their experience with the first one, everything became easy.

What shocked them was that every coffin contained an absolutely terrifying lifeform. Their physical bodies were perfectly intact. Although their souls had died, their physical bodies were so perfectly intact that it looked like they were alive. That terrifying pressure pressed them back.

Guo Ran was in charge of keeping watch, while Xia Chen gathered the primal chaos qi. Once all the primal chaos qi was gathered, they moved on. This was a priceless treasure.

After all, the primal chaos qi eruption had yet to occur. If they wanted to absorb it, they would have time later.

However, if their Heavenly Dao Crowns manifested too soon because they absorbed too much of it right now, they would no longer be able to fight. In that case, they would have to find a safe place to go into seclusion until their Heavenly Dao Crown was fully condensed. Otherwise, if they missed that, the Heavenly Dao Crown that they condensed might collapse or be imperfect.

Thus, they didn’t dare to absorb too much primal chaos qi right now, especially Guo Ran. They might pass the critical point with just a bit more. Now wasn’t the time for that.

Xia Chen absorbed most of the primal chaos qi with his talismans. Only a very small amount remained which they directly absorbed.

Mo Nian demonstrated what a true professional was. The things within the coffins were all stripped away by him. Even the fur, scales, and horns on some of these lifeforms were taken away.

Of course, there were also their weapons, battle armor, and other priceless treasures. Other than some of the things that he could use, he gave the rest to Xia Chen.

To use his words, if he were to keep them, his immoral master would come and take them away. Thus, he chose to keep the wealth in the family by giving it to Xia Chen.

After all, the Dragonblood Legion was newly gathered and needed wealth and treasures to equip themselves. Hearing this, Xia Chen was very grateful to Mo Nian.

It had to be known that the auras of these weapons were terrifying. They definitely exceeded World Domain divine items, but Mo Nian didn’t even bat an eye as he tossed them all to Xia Chen. That was something worthy of respect.

The regretful thing was that these terrifying weapons lacked item-spirits. They had countless runes on them, but those runes were lightless. Without an item-spirit, there was no way to activate the runes and draw out the full power of these weapons.

However, that wasn’t difficult for Xia Chen. He could nourish new item-spirits in the future and inject them into these divine items. At that time, these terrifying weapons would once more see the light of day.

Although Mo Nian took all the weapons and items, he didn’t dare to touch the corpses. He had a feeling that these lifeforms might not be actually dead. Perhaps they were in a slumber and could awaken at any moment.

They went through over ten coffins. All these lifeforms came from different races; not one of them was identical.

The more they searched, the more stunned they grew. These lifeforms were absolutely terrifying. Just getting close to them caused their souls to hurt. If they were alive, just how powerful would they be?

All these lifeforms had actually been killed. They had fatal injuries, and those injuries were alarming. It was as if they spoke of what kind of terrifying battle that had been.

Just as Mo Nian and the others were stealthily flipping through the coffins, Long Chen and Long Aotian’s fight grew increasingly intense. They had reached their peak power, and both of them were dyed with blood.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Long Chen was unleashing all of his power with every attack, not holding back at all. As for Long Aotian, he was also facing Long Chen with his full power. Every exchange caused heaven and earth to tear and crack. Both of them were injured.

From the start to now, they had been fighting for six hours. But even now, their attacks were like a wild tempest without any sign of weakening. Their attacks grew increasingly sharp.

BOOM!

At this moment, a fist struck Long Aotian’s chest, causing it to cave in. The sound of bones breaking then rang out and he coughed up blood.

As for Long Chen, he was clawed by Long Aotian in the arm, leaving five bloody cuts through which people could see his bone.

The two once more exchanged blows and were injured again. But they didn’t bat an eye and kept attacking.

“My light energy is limitless. It doesn’t matter how many times I’m injured, I can always heal. But how long can you last?” shouted Long Aotian as he fought. His chest healed in just a few breaths. His recovery ability was astonishing.

“You should worry about yourself. If you have any final words, say them now,” snorted Long Chen.

Previously, when he competed with Yin Changsheng for the Fusang Tree, he obtained the crown of the tree. Luckily, there were millions of corpses on the crown, and Long Chen had tossed them all into the primal chaos space.

As a result, the primal chaos space was filled with life energy and primal chaos qi, so his injuries were nothing.

Everyone watching was dumbfounded. The two of them didn’t just have terrifying power; their recovery speed was also monstrous. It was like they had undying bodies.

“Long Chen, you idiot, you are still as conceited as ever! You don’t even understand even with death at hand! My trump cards-”

Pow!

Just as Long Aotian started speaking in the middle of their fight, Long Chen’s ghost-like slap struck him in the face again. He wasn’t even done talking before he was slapped away.

After slapping him, Long Chen disdainfully said, “You’re the idiot. Even if you take my Spirit Blood, Spirit Root, and Spirit Bone, so what? How much of their power can you bring out? You want to defeat me in my strongest area? In truth, your power is weaker than mine, your speed is lower than mine, your reaction speed is slower, and your combat experience is completely insufficient. Other than bragging and saying big words, I really don’t know in which area you are stronger than me. An insect is an insect. Even if you steal someone else’s talent, you can never cultivate into a dragon. Your father and mother were shameless thieves. The dragon births dragons, phoenixes birth phoenixes, but a rat can only give birth to more rats. Your entire family is simply a group of thieves capable of only doing shameful things in the dark. Remember, experts are experts. They don’t covet other people’s talents. As for you, you will never be more than a dancing clown. A monkey wearing imperial robes will never be able to pass itself off as an emperor.”

Long Chen’s words were like arrows piercing Long Aotian’s soul. They pierced him in his weakest spot.

“Bullshit! I’m not playing around with you any longer! You can just die!”

Long Aotian’s face twisted. He suddenly waved his hand, and a five-colored flag appeared in it.

Long Aotian had finally taken out his weapon. When this weapon appeared, divine might unfurled throughout this world.