Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3855 World-Shaking Collision

One was a fist that could destroy the ten thousand Daos, and the other was a flame lotus that incinerated the nine heavens. At this moment, two apocalyptic powers crashed ruthlessly in front of everyone’s horrified gazes.

This time, Yin Changsheng and the others had learned their lesson. They had not only fled far into the distance, but they had also raised their defenses.

As for Mo Nian and the others, they hastily sank back into the coffin and closed the lid.

BOOM!

Mo Nian and the others let out muffled grunts as they were shaken by the impact. When the coffin rocked, it felt like their insides were being displaced. This attack was even more terrifying than the last exchange.

After the terrifying shockwaves were gone, Mo Nian and the others stuck their heads out of the coffin again. However, they were shocked to find that their coffin was now covered in cracks.

“The Heavenly Boundary Line!”

Mo Nian couldn’t help crying out in shock. The Heavenly Boundary Line was actually gone, and this world was still shaking. Having lost its balance, the ten thousand Daos were quivering and the laws were crying out.

Even so, they couldn’t look at anything else. Their gazes all fell on Long Chen, and they saw him standing in the air, his aura incredibly weak now. There was a lightning dragon coiling around his body.

The lightning dragon shattered at this moment. Lei Linger had dragged out her final bit of power to protect Long Chen. Otherwise, that terrifying attack would have reduced him to dust.

Let alone Long Chen in his current state, even in his peak condition, at such a close range, he would definitely lose half his life if he was struck.

Heaven and earth were in ruins as Huo Linger had mobilized the Ice Soul’s core energy. Although her Ice Soul power had not reached its full potential, the Ice Soul Divine Flame was ranked eighth on the Heavenly Flame. It was a terrifying existence with the power to destroy entire worlds, so her full-power attack was something that exceeded the ten thousand Daos.

Furthermore, with both of them using the Nirvana Scripture, its power was multiplied. Even Lei Linger’s full defensive might had almost failed to hold on.

Then looking at Long Aotian, they saw that his crown and armor were slightly dimmer. But he hadn’t suffered any injuries.

“Truly monstrous.”

Mo Nian clicked his tongue when he saw the devastation around him. Whether it was Long Chen or Long Aotian, they were both monsters.

Yin Changsheng, Ji Wuming, Shi Yang, and the Nine Underworld Luocha were all stunned. These two were already exhausted, yet still had such terrifying trump cards.

Ji Wuming in particular was shocked. He had been thinking about launching a sneak attack to eliminate Long Chen and Long Aotian together.

Fortunately, he had held himself back. Otherwise, if he had rashly attacked while the two of them still possessed such terrifying power, then if the two of them joined hands, not even a hundred of his lives would be enough to survive this.

After this exchange, snow fell through the air, and remnant flames were still burning. The Ice Soul Divine Flame had ignited the very laws of the Heavenly Daos. Only once there was no fuel left did they turn to ashes and fall from the heavens.

Even as ashes, they possessed terrifying flame energy. The icy flame burned this world, and every person felt like they were on a stove.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This was the Ice Soul Divine Flame. Even if its full potential was yet to be reached, it still possessed the power to destroy the Heavenly Daos.

Looking at this terrifying aftermath, Yin Changsheng’s eyes were red. This Ice Soul Divine Flame should have been his, but it had been taken by Long Chen.

Long Aotian’s body was wrapped in golden light. Although that light had dimmed slightly, he himself wasn’t injured in the slightest.

As for the figure behind him, he was forming hand seals and sending more divine light into Long Aotian’s body.

“Long Chen, my Gold Dragon Crown and Gold Dragon Armor are the priceless inheritance treasures of the immemorial Long clan! The unmatched divine power of the Long clan’s great ancestor is contained within them! As long as he doesn’t die, then even within the three thousand worlds, I have an endless source of energy. If the crown is not destroyed, the battle armor will exist forever. With these two treasures, no one in this world can kill me! I already said that it didn’t matter how strong you were. Everything is meaningless. The person to die will be you! Do you feel regretful now? You are also a descendant of the immemorial Long clan, but it was I who soared to the peak because of your Spirit Blood, Spirit Root, and Spirit Bone. On the other hand, you will lose to your own ancestor’s divine might. Hahaha, that really is satirical and pitiful!”

Long Aotian laughed. His voice was still as arrogant as ever, but now it was lacking some power. His aura was weakening.

Even with the assistance of his ancestor’s divine energy, even with the protection of the crown and armor, he was on the verge of collapse.

“How contemptible! This bastard has always been this despicable. Boss uses his own power, while he hides behind the Long clan’s tortoise shell, and yet he can still act so pleased! How hateful!” Guo Ran cursed furiously upon seeing Long Aotian’s pleased expression.

“Don’t call their ancestor a tortoise randomly. Boss is also from the Long clan. However, this Long Aotian is truly despicable. Despite clearly losing, he still acts so arrogant. It’s like he doesn’t realize that he has lost. Fuck, don’t let him end up in my hands, or I have ten thousand ways to make him regret coming to this world,” said Xia Chen, clenching his teeth so hard that they itched.

Long Aotian had been planning on defeating Long Chen in his strongest area. He had wanted to beat Long Chen directly, overwhelmingly, with brute power. It was because he wanted Long Chen to die while feeling endless unwillingness and despair. That was the only way to resolve his hatred.

However, Long Chen was too powerful, so powerful that it exceeded his imagination. No matter what technique he brought out, Long Chen could beat him back in the most domineering manner. After both of them had brought out their trump cards, Long Chen was still above Long Aotian.

Now the two were exhausted, and Long Aotian actually brought out the power of the Long clan. Unfortunately, at this time, Long Chen no longer possessed the power to retaliate.

“That’s about enough. Now, it’s time for grandpa Mo to show off.” Mo Nian chortled. This result was entirely within his expectations.

From the start, he already felt that Long Aotian wouldn’t be a match for Long Chen. That was his expert’s intuition.

It didn’t matter how powerful Long Aotian was. He was only powerful due to external forces, while Long Chen’s power came from himself. Even if the two were equally matched, if they were to fight ten times, Mo Nian believed that Long Chen would be the victor every time.

The greatest difference between them was their confidence in themselves. Long Aotian relied on external power for everything. All his power came from others, and not one thing was built up by himself. Thus, in a clash of power, Mo Nian believed that Long Aotian would undoubtedly lose.

An expert’s intuition was truly shocking; Mo Nian’s prediction was very accurate. In the end, Long Aotian still lost. It didn’t matter what terrifying trump card he took out, he would be unable to change this result.

Toward the end, he even cheated. This was also within Mo Nian’s predictions. For a heavenly genius with limitless potential like Long Aotian, the immemorial Long clan would definitely not let him die. They would prepare countless life-saving treasures for him.

“Long Chen, I admit that I lost this time. But so what? You’re still the one who’s going to die. Hahaha, so what if you’re strong? In the end, you lose to fate!” Long Aotian laughed and walked toward Long Chen with the Sun Moon Five Element Flag in his hand.

Mo Nian raised his bow. He was about to stand when Long Chen suddenly sneered.

“If I want to kill you, then even if all the gods and devils of the world came, they would be unable to protect you. Who cares about some little ancestor of the Long clan?”

Long Chen closed his eyes. At the same time, endless dark energy erupted from inside his body, dimming heaven and earth. A sinister murderous aura then filled the world.