Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3857 Fight for the Ancient Cauldron

The three-flower mark once more appeared, and the target was the large master-acknowledgment rune.

Buzz.

That rune was originally shining brightly, but all its power was instantly erased when this whirlpool appeared.

As the rune dimmed, Yin Changsheng coughed up blood. After that, the bronze cauldron’s divine light sent him flying.

“Long Chen, you goddamn bastard! You won’t have a good death!” Yin Changsheng let out a heart-rending roar.

This attack had directly erased all of his efforts. With the master acknowledgment interrupted, all his efforts were for nothing.

“The chance has come!”

The Nine Underworld Luocha, Shi Yang, Ji Wuming, Mo Nian, Yue Xiaoqian, and the others all charged at the bronze cauldron. With Yin Changsheng stopped, the others now all had a chance.

As a result, they were all blown away. Not one person managed to get through the cauldron’s protective divine light.

Only Long Chen slipped through that protective light and directly flew to the bronze cauldron. Everyone was dumbfounded.

“How can this be?!” raged Shi Yang.

Just as Long Chen was about to touch the bronze cauldron, a figure reached it even faster than him.

“Long Aotian!”

Everyone was further shocked. Long Aotian was actually faster than Long Chen despite being almost killed just now.

He now only had half of his body left and looked horrifying. With a bloodstained hand, he smacked the bronze cauldron.

The cauldron rumbled. It was actually moved by Long Aotian and was sent smashing toward Long Chen.

“I understand! The bronze cauldron absorbed the blood of three people, so it has recognized all three of them!” exclaimed Yue Xiaoqian.

With that, everyone instantly understood. Yin Changsheng had secretly fed the cauldron his essence blood. But during the fight between Long Chen and Long Aotian, plenty of their blood had been spilled and absorbed by the cauldron as well.

However, the rest of them hadn’t paid that price. That was why they were all instantly rejected, but Yin Changsheng, Long Chen, and Long Aotian could go through its protective light.

“Die! There’s no weapon that can stop this cauldron’s attack!” roared Long Aotian.

With Long Aotian’s hands on it, the bronze cauldron’s master acknowledgment rune once more lit up. It was also willing to accept Long Aotian as its master.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

All three of them had the capability to make the bronze cauldron acknowledge them. It was just a matter of who would be first. It was a pity that Yin Changsheng had already been blown away.

As for Long Chen, he was now being attacked by the cauldron. If he blocked it, he would definitely be blown apart by the cauldron’s power. If he dodged it, Long Aotian would complete the master acknowledgment process. Then no one would be able to touch him.

In front of this rumbling cauldron, Long Chen took out the black dagger. However, he didn’t dare to actually stab it. Instead, he threw it at the bronze cauldron.

BANG.

The black dagger smashed into the bronze cauldron with a strange sound. It was heavy, as if two enormous existences had lightly touched.

It wasn’t loud and didn’t unleash intense fluctuations. But the chains on the bronze cauldron shattered. Following that, Long Aotian, who was still pushing the cauldron, hacked up blood and was blown away.

The black dagger and the bronze cauldron were undamaged. But this light touch caused the entire world to shake.

At this moment, the chains exploded and those coffins were no longer bound by them. They began to explode one after another. Following that, heaven-shaking auras erupted.

“Not good! Those immemorial corpses are being awakened!”

Mo Nian’s expression completely changed. If those terrifying lifeforms really did come out, then let alone fighting them, everyone would probably be wiped out of existence with just a breath.

Suddenly, a giant figure came out of one of the broken coffins. It was a devil ape whose entire body was black. Beating its chest, it roared and a wild soundwave destroyed the void.

The Sacred Pill Hall, the devil race, and Long Aotian’s people simply exploded. As for Mo Nian, Yin Changsheng, and the others, they coughed up blood. It was like a volcano inside of their bodies had detonated due to that devil ape’s roar.

When this black ape beat its chest, it was like the heavens were unleashing celestial thunder. The world shook. People felt like the world was being flipped, and their bodies couldn’t endure it.

Yin Changsheng and the others were shocked. They didn’t know how strong the monsters inside these coffins were.

At this moment, a giant tore through the dome of the heavens with a single punch. It felt like the world would explode. That giant was shockingly the Three Eye Giant that Mo Nian had just robbed.

One terrifying lifeform after another came out, their auras horrifying.

In total, there were seventy-two coffins sealing seventy-two lifeforms, but the Heavenly Boundary Line had split them into two groups of thirty-six. After all, Mo Nian and the others had only gone through over ten of the coffins on their side, and there were still many that they hadn’t seen yet.

“Run!”

Yin Changsheng and the others were finally afraid. If these lifeforms were to simply breathe on them, they would perish. Hence, they were in no mood to care about the bronze cauldron and just fled.

“Get in here!” Mo Nian and the others were about to move as well when Long Chen shouted.

Long Chen was standing on top of the bronze cauldron whose master acknowledgment rune was already shining. Although the process was not yet complete, the current Long Chen could count as half its master.

Mo Nian and the others didn’t hesitate. They were already close to the cauldron, so they directly charged over. This time, the bronze cauldron’s light didn’t reject them, and they all entered.

Once they were inside its protective light, they all sighed with relief. With just this one barrier, they were blocked off from those terrifying qi and sound waves.

“Xia Chen, quick, eat this!” Long Chen hastily fed Xia Chen a medicinal pill. His face was as pale as paper, and his body was shaking. His limbs were about to break. Although he had protective talismans, he almost lost his life. The monsters sealed within those coffins were too terrifying, simply beyond their comprehension.

Fortunately, the bronze cauldron’s protective light was a solid barrier. They were temporarily safe here.

“Hehe, these idiots are in trouble now.” Looking at Yin Changsheng, Shi Yang, Ji Wuming, the Nine Underworld Luocha, and Long Aotian struggling outside, Mo Nian smiled sinisterly.

Wild qi waves and astral winds were raging. The experts here were like tiny boats on top of an angry sea, and they might capsize at any moment.

Also, space was already twisting violently. This world was on the verge of collapse. Within this apocalyptic space, only the area around the bronze cauldron was safe.

“Help guard me. I will finish becoming this cauldron’s master.”

Long Chen pressed his hands on the cauldron. He then focused his essence, qi, and spirit, circulating what dregs remained of them through the cauldron.

BOOM!

Just then, there was a huge explosion. A giant cage suddenly appeared, completely covering this world.

“This is…!” Mo Nian was appalled.