Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3858 Six Dao Heavenly EyeNnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

A giant cage appeared around this world. At this time, Long Aotian and the others had just escaped its bounds.

BOOM!

The giant cage instantly contracted. It was made of the laws of the Heavenly Daos and was like a chicken cage covering this world.

“Hahaha, Long Chen, you’re definitely dead now!” Even while covered in blood and gasping like an ox, Long Aotian laughed at Long Chen. The cauldron and those terrifying lifeforms were now sealed within this cage.

Mo Nian and the others’ expressions changed. The cage was either there to stop these lifeforms from escaping or because Long Chen took this cauldron.

Mo Nian had researched all kinds of tombs. Although this was his first time actually venturing into a heavenly tomb, everything here was different from what was recorded in the books. It was all bizarre.

The cage quickly shrank. In just a second, the terrifying lifeforms that had come from the coffins instantly stilled.

Following that, they slowly turned toward Long Chen. Long Chen and the others’ souls almost fled in terror

“Not good. Long Chen, looks like your unlucky mouth was right. This heavenly tomb was probably set up by someone. Perhaps it was all to seal this cauldron,” said Mo Nian anxiously.

He had no idea what to do. These lifeforms were so powerful that they were beyond comprehension. Mo Nian and the others had no ability to retaliate against them.

At this moment, these lifeforms walked toward the cauldron. However, their erupting auras were gone, and it was as if they were puppets under someone’s control. They walked closer step by step.

“Boss, is the master acknowledgment not done yet?! Have this cauldron bring us away!” cried out Guo Ran.

Long Chen was anxious. He had exhausted all of his energy, and his Spiritual Strength was very low. It was impossible for him to complete this process faster.

“Now do you regret it? I already told you to save your energy to take this cauldron, but you refused to listen.” Long Chen could practically see the dragon expert shaking its head.

“Senior, junior was wrong. Please save our lives.” Long Chen was instantly revitalized when he heard its voice.

“Sorry, I don’t have that ability,” replied the dragon expert coldly.

“Senior…!” Long Chen’s heart turned cold.

Just then, one of the lifeforms punched the bronze cauldron. As a result, the cauldron quivered and its protective light shattered. Another lifeform then reached a hand toward them.

“It’s over.”

That was their only thought. These lifeforms were too powerful. There was no way that they could fight them.

Just as they thought that they were doomed, that hand exploded. Its flesh fell to the ground, but even that blood emitted a horrifying pressure that caused the void to shake.

“This is…”

Everyone was shocked. They suddenly noticed that the elder on Guo Ran’s back had opened his eyes at some point.

“Senior!”

Long Chen was shocked and delighted. Right now, strange marks appeared in this elder’s eyes. He slid off Guo Ran’s back and looked at a figure at the rear of this group of terrifying lifeforms, his body quivering.

Only then did they take note of that existence. It was a beautiful woman holding a sword, and her aura was also as vast as a sea, beyond their comprehension.

“Qi Luo. I have finally found you.”

A smile appeared on the elder’s wizened face. His eyes were full of light.

That woman’s body quivered when she heard the elder’s call. Her lifeless eyes slowly lit up.

“Xing Yu, is it really you?”

Her voice quivered. Even as the light returned to her eyes, it was as if she couldn’t see anything.

Just then, all the lifeforms charged at the cauldron. Long Chen and the others gasped.

However, the Six Dao runes in the elder’s eyes simply spun, and time seemed to freeze. Those lifeforms couldn’t move.

“Qi Luo, I have finally found you.”

The elder’s voice contained endless emotion. He laboriously walked toward the woman, and the woman also walked toward his voice. Her beautiful hands slowly held the elder’s wizened hands.

When their hands touched, her body shook, and she suddenly spread her arms and hugged that elder, weeping.

“Why did you leave me? I was afraid on my own. This place is dark and I can’t see anything. I kept calling your name, but you never answered me.” The woman cried out, feeling aggrieved.

“I’m sorry. I broke our promise and made you suffer. Don’t worry, I’ll never leave you again.” The elder warmly stroked her hair, his heart filled with guilt.

Looking at them, Long Chen almost teared up. Their conversation made him think of the old man and Qu Jianying.

When Qu Jianying fell, the old man said that while she was powerful and stubborn, she was afraid of the dark. So, he had to accompany her to the other world.

As for this elder, he had already died long ago, but he refused to let go of his attachment and still bitterly searched for his beloved. How could they not be moved?

He gently comforted the sobbing woman. He then looked at the lifeforms around them, as well as the giant cage around this world. He sighed.

“The heavens are no longer the old heavens; the Dao is no longer the old Dao. Even in death, you still have to bind us and use us. How can you be so cruel?”

The elder then turned to Long Chen. “Little brother, you kept your promise. It’s only thanks to you that my wish was fulfilled. Unfortunately, I am already dead and unable to repay the favor. I’m ashamed.”

“Senior, what are you saying? As fellow members of the human race, it is only natural for us to assist each other,” said Long Chen hastily.

The elder nodded. “Little brother, you are a peerless hero, and I truly like your character. Unfortunately, I will not be able to see you fight through the nine heavens, slaying demons and devils. However, I still have one request for you. Please help me out.”

“Senior, please just tell me. As long as I can do it, I will,” promised Long Chen.

“Senior!”

Suddenly, they cried out. The elder had actually plucked out one of his eyes.

The eye then transformed into a gemstone with six kinds of flowery marks in it. Countless images could be seen within it as though countless lifeforms were evolving. It was as if it was the manifestation of some kind of Grand Dao.

After that, the elder handed this gemstone-like eye to Long Chen. “Little brother, this is my Six Dao Heavenly Eye. Even with these eyes of mine, I could not reverse the tide. I hope you can help me continue the inheritance of the pupil arts inside of it. If these pupil arts are lost because of me, I would have committed a major sin.”

“Senior…” Long Chen knew that the elder was transmitting his pupil arts, but he was afraid that Long Chen wouldn’t accept if he simply said it directly, so he put it this way to make it impossible for Long Chen to refuse.

“Little brother, I entrust this to you. I still have my other Six Dao Heavenly Eye. It’s enough to execute the reincarnation art of the Six Daos and reincarnate with Qi Luo.” The elder then turned to the surrounding lifeforms and sighed.

“Dust to dust, earth to earth. All of you, come with me!”

When the marks in the elder’s eyes revolved, runes of six different colors appeared within this world.

BOOM!

This giant cage enveloping this world exploded.