Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3863 God Sealing Seal

Long Chen saw a twisted space before him. It was like a flowing stream. Through this twisted space, he saw a vague figure and also a spatial gate. That figure was standing in front of this spatial gate.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Although his vision wasn’t clear, Long Chen instantly knew why this aura was so familiar. This man was the Luo family’s leader, his grandfather on his mother’s side, Luo Zichuan.

“It seems that the one I sensed before was you. I didn’t expect to see you again here.” Luo Zichuan smiled with gratification through space. “You’ve grown more, getting stronger and stronger. Good, very good.”

“Family head, why are you here?” Long Chen was emotional. He hadn’t expected to run into Luo Zichuan here. He was about to walk over when Luo Zichuan shouted at him.

“Don’t move. Although it looks like there’s only a short distance between us, it’s actually a great distance. If you take one wrong step, I don’t know where you’ll be drawn to by the chaotic flow of space. Concentrate. Have your aura form a resonance with the surrounding spatial fluctuations. Don’t resist. Once you reach the point of allowing the spatial fluctuations to pass through your body, I will teach you how to walk over.”

Long Chen calmed himself after Luo Zichuan said this. Suppressing his excitement, he acted according to Luo Zichuan’s method. He gradually accustomed himself to the surrounding spatial fluctuations.

He quickly managed to reach the point where his Blood Qi and spiritual fluctuations reached an equilibrium with the surrounding spatial fluctuations. It was as if the spatial energy in the surroundings flowed through him, as if he was one with this space.

“Good. Now, use your Spiritual Strength to probe the surroundings. See if you can see something,” said Luo Zichuan.

“Footprints! Violet footprints!” exclaimed Long Chen.

“Excellent. Follow those footprints over. Do not take one step away,” said Luo Zichuan.

Long Chen nodded. He carefully walked across those violet footsteps, which were left behind by Luo Zichuan. Curiously, they looked to twist and spiral in arcs, yet when Long Chen walked across them, he found that he was walking in a straight line.

By following these footprints, Long Chen quickly crossed this chaotic space and arrived in front of Luo Zichuan. Luo Zichuan appeared the same as ever, but now there was a hint of weariness in his eyes.

Seeing his grandfather, Long Chen hastily bowed. Luo Zichuan was also moved. To be able to see Long Chen here was a surprise.

“How did you get here?” asked Luo Zichuan.

After Long Chen explained about the opening of the three thousand worlds, Luo Zichuan nodded. “So that’s the case. The descent of the three thousand worlds compressed space. That’s why the chaotic flow of space here has grown more active.”

Long Chen looked at the spatial gate behind Luo Zichuan. Seeing countless violet runes on it, he asked, “Family head, is this your construction? You wanted to enter the three thousand worlds?”

Luo Zichuan shook his head. “This spatial gate was constructed by me, but it leads to another world. It’s a good thing that you came. You can help me out. But what happened to your eye? Will it affect your combat power?” Luo Zichuan looked at Long Chen’s eyepatch curiously.

“It’s fine. It’s just a minor injury and won’t affect my fighting. But I did just experience a large battle and haven’t recovered to my peak state. If you give me another day, I will be mostly recovered,” said Long Chen hastily.

Luo Zichuan nodded. “Alright, then start recovering now. Once you are in your peak state, we will join forces and see if we can open the God Sealing Seal.”

Long Chen didn’t know what this God Sealing Seal was, but he didn’t ask further. He sat down and focused entirely on recovering.

The wounds on his physical body had long since healed. However, his soul had yet to fully recover. If he wanted to be in his peak state, he had to fully recover his Spiritual Strength.

As Long Chen recovered, Luo Zichuan also focused on recovery as violet qi flowed around him. His Blood Qi energy was many times stronger than Long Aotian’s.

If Long Aotian were to meet Luo Zichuan, he would definitely be shocked. Luo Zichuan’s Blood Qi had countless runes flowing within it. Every rune was like an entire world, and they were all linked. It was like a starry sea.

In comparison, Long Aotian’s violet blood was like a plate of loose sand, so there was no way for him to unleash his violet blood’s true power. They were in completely different dimensions.

A day later, Long Chen opened his eyes. He was fully recovered. At this moment, he had the urge to find Long Aotian for another battle.

However, when Long Chen saw the endless violet sea behind Luo Zichuan, he was stunned. They were both Immortal Kings, but Luo Zichuan’s Blood Qi energy was absolutely terrifying. It was like an entire cosmos was displayed before him. This sight shook him to his core.

“This is the true power of violet blood? It’s practically an unrivaled divine blood.”

“Nonsense. The unrivaled divine blood is my true dragon race’s dragon blood. What do you know?” The dragon expert’s dissatisfied voice rang out in Long Chen’s mind at his comment to himself. “Once you obtain my dragon king reverse scale, you will understand what a true unrivaled blood is.”

Just then, Luo Zichuan woke up as well. His violet blood manifestation was put away. He seemed even sharper, like an unsheathed sword.

“Long Chen, the inside of this spatial gate is the God Sealing Seal. The God Sealing Seal is its own world filled with corpse devils. When I left the Luo family, I came here and started slaying those corpse devils. Just one month ago, I finished killing the one billion World King corpse devils inside. However, the final eighteen Divine Venerate corpse devils have stopped me. I tried three times and failed all three,” said Luo Zichuan, eyeing the gate darkly.

“Then those corpse devils definitely aren’t ordinary!” said Long Chen.

“Those billion World King corpse devils were all on the level of Supremes. As for the eighteen Divine Venerates, they are Double Supremes,” said Luo Zichuan.

Long Chen jumped in shock. One billion World King Supremes? As well as eighteen Divine Venerate Double Supremes?

“The God Sealing Seal’s space is a passageway to the Violet Blood race’s prison. Our Violet Blood race has been sealed behind it for trillions of years without being able to leave. Who knows how painful it is for them inside? As descendants of the Violet Blood race, we must assist them. We will save our ancestors. Let’s go. Today, us men will join forces.”

Luo Zichuan stepped into the spatial gate with Long Chen. As soon as they entered, an ominous murderous aura crashed upon them.