Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3866 Violet Blood Divine Shield

“Violet Blood Divine Shield!”

Luo Zichuan shouted, and the blood shield in front of him smashed into the eighteen rays of divine light.

BOOM!

With a heaven-shaking explosion, those eighteen rays of light exploded along with the blood shield. He forcibly received this sudden attack.

The moment the blood shield exploded, it transformed into chains winding toward those monsters. After that, the violet blood sea behind Luo Zichuan surged. His full power erupted.

Those corpse devils had just attacked and had yet to store up energy, so they were instantly bound by the chains. Those chains were stretched taut by their intense struggle.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Suddenly, one of them roared. It spread its arms, shattering the chains binding it, and it charged out.

This lifeform was a two-winged tiger. The runes covering its body made it look like it was made out of gold.

However, the moment it escaped from Luo Zichuan’s bindings, the aura of the other seventeen lifeforms instantly dropped a bit.

Long Chen realized that this was Luo Zichuan’s method for dealing with them. These eighteen lifeforms possessed a combination technique to gather all of their power.

“Split the Heavens 4!”

Long Chen immediately attacked. A giant saber-image tore through the dome of the heavens. At this moment, the power of his Blood Qi, astral energy, and the full might of the nine stars were gathered in this one attack.

BOOM!

The two-winged tiger was struck head-on. The Minghong Saber slashed onto its head, and blood spurted out of Long Chen’s hand. The Minghong Saber could only enter its skull and then stop. Long Chen could no longer pull it out.

The tiger roared furiously. After that, white light appeared in its mouth, and a fist-sized sphere instantly grew to an enormous size, thrumming with destructive power. A sensation of deathly danger enveloped Long Chen.

“World Extermination Flame Lotus!”

Long Chen had long since been prepared. At this moment, the flame lotus he had been preparing in his left hand shot out. The tiger didn’t even have a chance to unleash its attack before a fist-sized flame lotus struck it.

BOOM!

That sphere was directly detonated by the flame lotus. It exploded in its mouth, blowing apart the tiger’s head.

Long Chen already summoned a flame shield, but he was still blown back far into the distance. His Blood Qi flipped inside of him and he almost coughed up blood. That winged tiger’s attack was absolutely terrifying.

“Keep going!”

Luo Zichuan’s expression changed and he shouted.

Long Chen was startled. Even after the tiger’s head exploded, it wasn’t dead. Its fatal weak spot was not its crystal core but its Neidan.

At this moment, its body shot toward the totem. Long Chen hastily used his lightning to rush there ahead of it. If it reached the totem, all of this would be for nothing. According to Luo Zichuan, it would instantly heal and come charging back out.

The Minghong Saber once more slashed down. After that, Long Chen began to chant. A giant white lotus condensed in his hand, and he smashed it at the tiger as well.

BOOM!

His saber attack was no longer the technique that Luo Zichuan had told him to use, concentrating all his power into a single thin thread of an attack. Instead, it was a huge-area attack just to stall the tiger.

His true killing blow was the white flame lotus. This was a full-power attack containing the Ice Soul source energy and Long Chen’s Spiritual Strength.

The winged tiger was devoured by this white lotus just as it reached Long Chen. After that, terrifying icy flames unfurled.

The winged tiger’s body was blasted into the distance. But what shocked Long Chen was that even as its flesh was blown off, its skeleton didn’t fall apart. At the core of this skeleton was its Neidan, which was still sparkling with divine light.

As long as the Neidan was not destroyed, this winged tiger would not die. Long Chen was shocked. This winged tiger’s physical body was probably not much weaker than those seventy-two corpses he had encountered in the heavenly tomb.

Suddenly, a violet saber silently slashed down and cut that winged tiger in two, crushing its Neidan. Luo Zichuan had attacked.

However, Luo Zichuan coughed up blood. He was already holding back seventeen of these monsters. Now that he also helped Long Chen, the distraction caused him to receive an injury from the seventeen of them.

“Grandfa- family head!” Long Chen was ashamed. Luo Zichuan was dealing with seventeen of these monsters, while Long Chen actually needed his help just to deal with one, even causing him to be injured.

The Minghong Saber then rumbled in Long Chen’s hand. The seventeen lifeforms roared furiously and opened their mouths again. Seeing this scene, he shot toward them.

“Don’t be impetuous!”

Seeing Long Chen turn toward them, Luo Zichuan was annoyed even though he was also moved. Long Chen was willing to risk his life to protect him. While that was manly, it was no different than sending himself to his death. It was stupid.

“Violet Blood Heaven Merger, One with the Cosmos!”

Violet qi flowed out of Luo Zichuan, condensing into a huge net in front of Long Chen. When seventeen rays of divine light struck that net, the violet qi surged. All the energy from this attack was then sent rushing out of the eight main strands of the net.

Just like that, the power of these seventeen lifeforms was dispersed. Dust and dirt flew, and the entire world almost flipped because of their power.

Just like that, Luo Zichuan managed to resolve the current crisis.

Luo Zichuan then attacked with his Violet Fern saber. When the violet divine light flashed, another one of these immemorial lifeforms was killed. Its head was split open, its devil core shattered.

“Kill them as quickly as possible!” shouted Luo Zichuan.

Hearing this command, Long Chen attacked with the Minghong Saber, causing his target’s protective divine light to shatter.

Just then, Luo Zichuan’s saber fell and that lifeform was cut in two. Luo Zichuan’s saber didn’t unleash any saber-image or Saber Qi. Instead, its sharpness was fully concentrated on the edge of the blade without leaking any energy at all. With the support of his violet qi, nothing could stop him.

Long Chen was powerful, but he lacked Luo Zichuan’s control. Thus, he directly chose to focus on creating opportunities for Luo Zichuan to kill them.

Grandfather and grandson worked together and slaughtered these lifeforms one by one. When the final one was dead, Long Chen felt like he was out of energy. The intensity of this battle was not at all inferior to his fight against Long Aotian.

He could barely raise his arms after this, and his body felt like it would fall apart. These lifeforms were too terrifying.

They took a brief break before Luo Zichuan walked over to that gate. The beast totem seal on it slowly dissipated. After taking a deep breath, he pressed both hands on the gate.

But then, Luo Zichuan coughed up blood and was sent flying back.

“Family head!” Long Chen was shocked and hastily supported Luo Zichuan.

“Was everything for naught?” Luo Zichuan looked at the gate with fury and unwillingness.