Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3875 Shi Yang Appears

This gushing black qi made it seem like the gates of hell had been opened. At this moment, endless death qi unfurled. Within this black qi was a lifeform possessing an ancient aura.

It was a horned lifeform with two wings and sharp claws, and its aura caused the laws of the world to shake.

“Shi Yang!”

Guo Ran’s heart pounded hard when he saw this lifeform. This was precisely the lifeform that Shi Yang had possessed in the heavenly tomb. It was the corpse of an immemorial winged devil expert.

Back when Shi Yang had first taken control of this corpse, he had wanted to launch a sneak attack to kill them. However, he was unable to fully control this powerful corpse well and was almost captured. After that, he had to flee in a panic.

However, now his footsteps were steady and natural, no longer tottering like he was drunk. Most terrifying of all, the devil qi around him fluctuated with every breath. It was as if the Heavenly Daos were thrumming to his rhythm.

“Long Chen!”

Shi Yang instantly spotted Long Chen and exploded in rage. He wanted to charge right over, but then he saw Ji Wuming occupying a dragon corpse all on his own. After that, he suddenly calmed down.

Shi Yang only looked at Long Chen, Mo Nian, and the others. With a cold snort, he didn’t attack. Instead, he went toward one of the immemorial dragon corpses.

“If you don’t want to die, then scram!” Shi Yang shouted thunderously, and wild death qi erupted. There were originally quite a few experts on this dragon corpse, but they all fled in terror.

Although the immemorial dragon corpses were all primal chaos sources with the greatest and purest primal chaos qi, if one didn’t have the necessary level of power, occupying them would be courting death.

Everyone could see how terrifying Shi Yang was, so they didn’t dare to compete with him, fleeing. As a result, Shi Yang easily occupied one of the dragon corpses just like that.

“Curious. Why didn’t he attack?”

Guo Ran was prepared to fight, but Shi Yang actually chose not to, not even launching a probing blow. Guo Ran couldn’t help finding it curious.

However, after thinking about it, he realized that the dragon scale Long Chen was on was emitting a sacred aura, which must be restraining Shi Yang’s evil corpse qi. Thinking that he wouldn’t gain any advantage if he attacked, Shi Yang put that idea aside for now.

After looking at Ji Wuming in the distance absorbing the primal chaos qi, he came to the conclusion that Ji Wuming had also been powerless to do anything to Long Chen. Thus, he also chose not to waste the effort. He could always absorb the primal chaos qi first before anything else.

Shi Yang spread his wings and crazily devoured the energy of heaven and earth. Space was constantly collapsing around him as he absorbed the primal chaos qi. After a while, the black runes on his body gradually grew brighter. It was just like a devil king was slowly awakening.

Time passed bit by bit, and more and more experts arrived. Some of them directly attacked Long Chen when they saw him.

A newborn calf wasn’t afraid of a tiger; not all experts were so experienced. Some were simply arrogant existences who liked to look down on others, but they didn’t actually have much power. Due to thinking that they were unrivaled, they often did brainless things.

As a result, those experts were quickly put in their place by Guo Ran. The current Guo Ran didn’t even need to summon his armor unless it was against the likes of Ji Wuming or Shi Yang. He simply blasted them apart with a single punch.

However, Guo Ran also did encounter a few tough fellows. But once he brought out his Heavenly Dao Crown, he still crushed them. He could fight these experts all alone, and even if they joined forces, it wouldn’t be hard on him to stop them.

Guo Ran also became smart, and he wasn’t just thinking about showing off. He used these new experts to temper himself, gradually growing accustomed to his power. As a result, his usage of dragon blood power and Heavenly Dao Crown grew increasingly skilled.

Three days passed. After three days, Guo Ran’s saber was fully stained with blood, and there was an unknown number of corpses on the ground beneath him. After all, Long Chen’s position was too conspicuous. All people wanted to tear him off of it, so Guo Ran had no choice but to start being vicious to stare off any competitors.

The fortunate thing for Guo Ran was that amongst the true peak experts, only Shi Yang, Weng Tianyao, and Ji Wuming came. As for Yin Changsheng, the Nine Underworld Luocha, and the others, they actually didn’t come.

Despite that, there were countless terrifying new faces. Some of them didn’t have auras that were much weaker than Yin Changsheng and the others.

However, those experts were all smart. Seeing the current situation, they didn’t directly attack Long Chen, nor did they compete for the immemorial dragon that the Dragonblood Legion occupied.

Instead, they chose to fight over other dragon corpses. They were all true experts and instantly saw that Long Chen, Mo Nian, and the others weren’t existences that could be easily provoked. Hence, they chose not to take the risk.

Despite that, there were still many distasteful fellows staring at Long Chen. They could see how terrifying this golden dragon scale was, so they were like a group of mosquitos. Even if they couldn’t eat this dragon scale, they would at least get their bit of blood.

Some people had actually managed to charge to the dragon scale. Using secret arts and treasures, they managed to absorb the slightest trace of dragon blood energy.

However, it wasn’t because they were so powerful. It was more like the process of Long Chen absorbing the dragon blood energy did cause some slight dregs to ooze out.

In truth, the dragon blood that they absorbed was the essence blood that escaped out of Long Chen. But even this slightest trace was enough to drive countless people crazy.

One of the people to succeed in absorbing a trace of this dragon blood was from a mixed-blood dragon race, and after devouring that slightest trace of essence blood, his aura instantly erupted by dozens of times, shocking everyone.

Although this person was still slain by Guo Ran in the end, his death didn’t extinguish the flames of greed that he ignited. In fact, they only grew even crazier because after he died, his body still retained the slightest bit of the true dragon essence blood. After that, someone else obtained and absorbed it, causing his aura to also grow by several times.

The increase in their Blood Qi was enough to drive them crazy, but the truly crazy thing was the sacred aura contained within that blood.

That slight sacred aura was enough to change their lives and even the fate of their entire race. With that sacred aura in their bodies, they would be able to transmit it to future generations. That would be greatly beneficial to their race.

The sacred dragon race’s essence blood was an unmatched treasure to any beast lifeform. Although Guo Ran was slaughtering these newcomers, he wasn’t able to stop them all.

After three days of fighting, Guo Ran was tired. He had been facing a group of madmen that came in droves, and he couldn’t kill them all. He only gained more and more enemies.

Most hateful of all, so many people were charging toward the dragon scale just to get a taste of that essence blood oozing out of Long Chen. After a taste, they became even crazier.

Guo Ran roared furiously as he slaughtered those oncomers. However, they had figured out Guo Ran’s weakness.

That weakness was that he was all alone. The dragon scale was more than ten thousand miles wide, so how could he possibly cover all that area by himself? As soon as he showed any openings, they would snatch some essence blood, infuriating Guo Ran.

“Suicidal idiots, do you think you can touch my boss’s plans?!” Even as Guo Ran hunted them down, there was nothing else he could do. Although he knew that this little bit of essence blood oozing out of Long Chen counted for nothing, it still enraged him.

Worst of all, after seeing others succeed, more people were joining in. His greatest worry was that Shi Yang, Ji Wuming, and the others would also come.

“Heavenly Lightning Curse!”

Just as Guo Ran was infuriated to the point of almost coughing up blood, a shout rang out. Thirty-six talismans then appeared around the borders of the dragon scale. Before those lifeforms even understood what was going on, those talismans detonated.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎