Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3880 Dragonblood Legion Fights All SidesFị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

One warrior after another appeared, with a Heavenly Dao Crown on their heads and golden dragon scales covering their bodies. Like unsheathed swords, their Blood Qi reverberated through the heavens, and their overwhelming killing intent manifested like a whirlwind.

With a single strike, the closest lifeform to the golden dragon scale was directly hacked in two by a Dragonblood warrior. Crimson blood then spilled down, marking the beginning of a counterattack against their enemies.

“Kill!”

This Dragonblood warrior roared, feeling as though he had returned to the Martial Heaven Continent and was fighting alongside Long Chen. With this roar, the hot blood that had been slumbering for so long once more ignited.

At this moment, the battle wills inside their hearts erupted like volcanos, and a desire for blood and slaughter rapidly grew. They lived in battle. In battle, they found the true essence of life and their true selves.

After all, every single one of them was a warrior who had experienced hundreds of battles. But after ascending to the immortal world, they were like divine weapons covered in dust. Their light was gradually covered.

Their days apart from Long Chen were not easy. Every single one of them had gone through a tough time struggling at the bottom level of the cultivation world.

Ascending to the immortal world was like starting over. All of them returned to the time before Long Chen, when they were constantly suppressed and squeezed out by others. They had to fight bitterly just to survive.

The light that Long Chen had bestowed upon them was no longer visible. After all, their talent and aptitude could only count as average in the immortal world.

However, Long Chen had also taught them invaluable lessons that would forever be etched in their minds. One such lesson was to always have a relentless pursuit of strength.

No matter what time it was, they would unleash their full power to get stronger. Without resources and talent, they could only go all-out. If they were not given any opportunities, they would create them themselves. There were no excuses to be lazy. They would not submit to the cruelty of reality, nor would they give up in despair.

In order to reunite with the Dragonblood Legion, they cultivated day and night, not daring to slack in the slightest. In this world, they had to create a path for themselves at all costs; even if they had to spill their blood to do so.

All that pain and suffering did not make them collapse. It only made them tougher, sharper. They were like dragons that had survived through the crushing weight of the depths. While accumulating power, they were waiting to find Long Chen.

Now, they had finally found him, and in an instant, the sand covering the sharp blades was blown apart. These divine weapons finally unleashed their sharpest light. After the suffering of this time, they were ground and sharpened. Now, with the dragon blood and Heavenly Dao Crowns, they possessed unimaginable power.

“Kill!”

Dragonblood warriors roared in unison, causing the stars above the heavens to shake because of their overflowing battle will. It was a roar that caused even gods and devils to feel uneasy.

When the Dragonblood warriors charged out, those lifeforms aiming for the golden dragon scale were like sheep waiting for slaughter. As packs of wolves descended upon them, mercilessly rending their flesh, the air became a chaotic flurry of broken bodies and weapons, scattered in disarray.

However, some of those broken weapons were from the Dragonblood warriors. Most of them had been very poor. So, their weapons were no good, unable to compete with the weapons of the elites.

Their old weapons shattered upon impact. Fortunately, the Dragon Blood Battle Armor was always their strongest weapon, and the dragon scales served as their strongest armor. With their bare hands, they directly crushed the divine weapons of their enemies.

The exhilarating sensation of slaughtering formidable foes caused their hot blood to surge. They then reveled in the feeling of effortlessly sweeping through their enemies, unmatched and unrivaled once more.

Even without proper weapons, the Dragonblood warriors were so powerful that not one of their enemies was capable of enduring a single blow from them. Guo Ran and Xia Chen rejoiced, filled with delight as they witnessed their immense power. The Dragonblood Legion was finally back, no longer merely the number one legion of the Martial Heaven Continent, but now the greatest legion throughout the nine heavens!

One by one, the Dragonblood warriors emerged, soaring through the air with unstoppable force. They had awakened from their seclusion. Each of them had condensed a Heavenly Dao Crown and had also absorbed the dragon blood, further strengthening their power.

One hundred… two hundred… three hundred… With time, more and more Dragonblood warriors arrived, halting the frenzied charge of these lifeforms. They were all stopped before reaching the golden dragon scale.

However, even more lifeforms were coming in relentless waves, driven by their thirst for more resources. It was evident that they had taken everything within their own treasure lands, which compelled them to go out in search of fresh resources to exploit.

They were from various races. Some of them arrived in waves numbering in the hundreds, while others came in groups of tens of thousands.

Seeing the dragon corpses, they immediately charged over to absorb the primal chaos qi. But when they saw the golden dragon scale unleashing a heavenly pillar of primal chaos qi, they went crazy, charging over like lunatics.

“Defensive formation!”

Xia Chen shouted out orders, directing the warriors. Somehow, those lifeforms seemed crazy, seemingly willing to bite a chunk of Long Chen’s flesh even if they had to die in the process.

“Boss, he…!”

Xia Chen and Guo Ran widened their eyes in surprise. They took notice of the dragon scale beneath Long Chen, which had begun to undergo a transformation. It shrank and shrank until it was just three meters wide. Intriguingly, the dragon scale started to flex and curve, slowly wrapping around Long Chen like a protective shell, resembling an egg in shape.

The egg was translucent, so everyone could see countless strands resembling tubes entering Long Chen’s body. When the connection formed, his body also became translucent. They could see a mystical rune on the dragon scale fragmented, its pieces assimilating into his body.

When Xia Chen saw that mystical rune, his heart shook. It was definitely the dragon scale’s innate divine ability rune. If Long Chen could assimilate this rune, he would be able to use its divine ability.

After seeing it, Xia Chen understood why those lifeforms were going so crazy. If they shattered the egg, those runes would become masterless items that they could fight over.

Anyone who wasn’t an idiot knew that this dragon scale had a shocking origin. Its innate runes could completely change a person’s fate, so how could they not go insane?

The golden egg had a total of eight such runes. Long Chen was absorbing the first one right now, but the absorption rate was very slow. Seeing this, those lifeforms grew even more frantic.

“Not good. More and more enemies will be arriving soon.” Tens of thousands of experts were still assaulting the blockade of the Dragonblood warriors. Although their defenses were rock solid, this information was still worrisome.

The enemies would be stronger figures that had spent more time absorbing primal chaos qi before coming. Furthermore, some people were still eyeing the situation. If any hidden experts made a move, that would be even more trouble. They were all waiting for the defenses of the Dragonblood Legion to weaken.

The presence of Ji Wuming, Shi Yang, and Weng Tianyao was also a great concern. Their Heavenly Dao Crowns were gradually taking shape, and they might finish condensing them at any moment.

BOOM!

Suddenly, the space in the distance collapsed and a middle-aged figure appeared with hundreds of thousands of experts, charging over with furious killing intent.

When Xia Chen and Guo Ran saw that middle-aged man, their expressions instantly changed.

“Silver Moon City’s lord!”