Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3885 Circular Slaughter Formation

At this moment, a battle chariot whistled through the air. A wizened elder was standing in front of it, overlooking the entire battlefield.

He was no taller than five feet, skinny and small like a shriveled chimp. However, his aura was like the great sea of stars. Just by standing there, the world quivered because of his existence. His aura was even stronger than the city lord’s.

This was a terrifying expert of the Blood race. The laws, the ten thousand Daos, swirled around him, as if linking him to all of heaven and earth.

The city lord’s expression sank in response to his mocking, but he didn’t say anything. He just continued fighting Gu Yang, as if he hadn’t heard the provocative words.

Seeing him not respond, that elder of the Blood race was very pleased. On the war chariot, he ordered the millions of Blood race experts to crash down on the Dragonblood Legion.

“Inferior human race, you are only fit to crawl beneath the mighty Blood race. If you don’t want to die, then scram!” shouted the Blood race’s elder.

BOOM!

In response to his words, two giant hands exploded out of the ground, not giving the elder any time to defend himself before being smashed.

BANG!Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The impact caused heaven and earth to tremble. That elder along with tens of thousands of the Blood race’s vanguard were caught within those palms.

The hands were closed, yet they continued to quiver as if some immense power was resisting them. This was a competition of power.

“Explode!”

A furious howl could be heard from inside. Following that, those two hands exploded into flying bits of earth.

When the elder flew out of the grasp of those two hands, everyone saw that he was in a wretched state. He was covered in blood, and that mighty war chariot of his was gone.

“Idiot. If you didn’t detonate your Iron Blood War Chariot, you’d be dead right now. Your foolishness cost you the lives of tens of thousands of your people. As expected, the Blood race really is a low grade race.” The lord of Silver Moon City took this chance to mock that elder.

The two were actually mortal enemies, competitors on the same level. Having fought openly and secretly for countless years in the three thousand worlds, both of them had taken countless casualties among them.

As a result, the city lord naturally wouldn’t warn him about how powerful these youngsters were. Seeing the elder be so arrogant as to not even activate his protective divine light, the city lord already knew how he would fare.

The Blood race’s elder was infuriated at his losses. Those two hands had come too suddenly, and his arrogance had clouded his mind, making him too overconfident and not prepared for combat. If he hadn’t detonated this priceless treasure of his, he would be dead now.

Only then did the realization dawn upon him as to why the city lord had remained silent in the face of his taunts. It was to make him suffer alongside him. The more he thought of that, the angrier he became.

“Ignorant junior! You dare to attack this city lord?! Die! Blood Domain Ten Thousand Dao Merger!”

When the Blood race elder’s manifestation burst into existence, a blood-colored domain appeared with two kinds of twisting runic chains, unfurling violent power in all directions. He was another Double Supreme Divine Venerate.

A blood-colored spear materialized in his grasp, and with a great force, he stabbed it toward the Dragonblood Legion. The rest of the Blood race’s army followed behind him like a roaring dragon.

“A withered monkey also dares to be so arrogant? Have a taste of my rod!” Li Qi sneered and stepped forward. When he did so, the malevolent spirit manifestation behind him roared.

BOOM!

Li Qi’s body shook intensely as his rod clashed with the incoming spear. The impact forced him to stagger backward, taking three swift steps. Also, each step resonated with such force that the earth quivered, leaving behind giant footprints. He was dispersing all that power into the ground beneath his feet, and this allowed him to endure less power.

As for the Blood race elder, he was startled as his Blood Qi was flipping inside of him.

Just as he was shocked, another rod silently attacked him from behind, making his expression change. He had no time to turn around, so he simply swung his spear behind him.

BANG!

Song Mingyuan appeared, and the attack that he had prepared for a long time sent the elder flying. The latter smashed toward the ground like a meteorite.

“Earth Rock Art!”

Li Qi then formed hand seals, and the soft earth instantly began to shine, creating a giant millstone, which was sleek and glossy like iron. With just a look, everyone knew that it clearly had shocking hardness.

Just then, the elder smashed into its surface. With a heaven-shaking explosion, that giant millstone shattered and smashed deep into the earth. From this, it could be seen just how much force the elder had been struck by.

The elder bounced off that hard millstone. In the air, he coughed up three mouthfuls of blood.

Perhaps Song Mingyuan’s attack wouldn’t have caused much damage to him if he had simply struck the ground. But when he instead struck that solid stone, there was nowhere for his momentum to dissipate. All of that force simply tore through his body.

However, he was truly worthy of being a mighty expert on the level of a city lord. His physical body was frighteningly powerful. If it was anyone else, they would have been like an egg striking rocks just now. Not even their bones would have remained.

“Again!”

BOOM!

The two giant hands once more appeared. Upon seeing this, the elder’s soul almost fled in terror. His Blood Qi was in chaos right now, and he was unable to concentrate his power. If he was struck by this move again, he would definitely die.

Those two hands slammed together, but Blood Qi burst out of the elder’s body this time. By the skin of his teeth, he escaped through a crack.

He had just escaped when two rods smashed toward him, not giving him a chance to recover.

Li Qi and Song Mingyuan repeatedly struck him. Although the elder fought with all his power, he was repeatedly forced back. In just a few moves, he was sent flying by a strike to his leg from Li Qi.

Song Mingyuan was about to follow up, when another member of the Blood race charged over, blocking his attack. He was another Double Supreme Divine Venerate. He had been leading the Blood race’s army’s assault on Long Chen, but seeing this elder in crisis, he came to save him.

However, blocking Song Mingyuan’s attack caused him to cough up blood and be blown back. Clearly, even amongst Double Supremes, there were great differences in their power. His power was a far cry from this elder’s.

The elder finally had a breather. At this point, another three elders came charging over, so now five Double Supreme Divine Venerates were closing in on Li Qi and Song Mingyuan.

However, Li Qi and Song Mingyuan’s cooperation was flawless. Even against all five of them, the two were capable of doing both offense and defense. They came and went as they pleased, in control of the tempo of the battle. On the other hand, the five of them might lose their lives if they were unexpectedly struck by one of their attacks.

With Li Qi and Song Mingyuan holding back the five of them, the rest of the Blood race’s army was pouncing on the Dragonblood Legion.

Seeing them flooding over, Xia Chen’s eyes were filled with blazing battle intent.

“Brothers, it’s time to find that familiar feeling! Get into the circular slaughter formation!”