Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3888 Give You Three Moves

His voice resounded like thunder, reverberating through the air. At this moment, a sinister aura covered the entire world, overwhelming it with a violent power that made it hard to breathe. In the distance, a person with a dragon spear emerged.

With every step he took, the earth quivered. It was like an immemorial demon god had come.

This person was the one who had been here the longest, Long Qinian. He also had a dragon inheritance, and it was from the most treacherous dragon, the crafty ghost fox evil dragon race.

The ghost fox evil dragon race was from the same branch as the dark evil dragon and the purgatory evil dragon.

The evil dragon race had violent and dark blood flowing in their veins. They were naturally brutal and bloodthirsty. However, they also had their own pride and didn’t play sinister schemes. It was only the ghost fox evil dragon that specialized in that.

Legend had it that the Ghost Fox was the emperor race of the foxes in the desolate era. Although they were a beast race, they also possessed the power of the Ghost Dao. In a battle against the evil dragon race, they were ultimately wiped out.

However, before being annihilated, the Ghost Fox race laid down a curse, making the evil dragon race pay a terrifying price. It was a curse that would destroy the evil dragon race in the future.

At the time, the evil dragon race didn’t particularly care about the curse. It was only later, hundreds of thousands of years later, that mutated evil dragons began to appear amongst them. These evil dragons appeared no different from ordinary evil dragons at the start. But once they grew strong, the Ghost Fox’s will would awaken within them, and they would betray the dragon race.

They were not just powerful, but also crafty. Some ghost fox evil dragons were even sitting in positions of power within the dragon race. Later on, they personally wiped out all their subordinates.

Some ghost fox evil dragons might not be in positions of authority, but they secretly caused the deaths of their branch. The evil dragon had millions of branches, and every branch would produce ghost fox evil dragons. Because of them, the evil dragon race took immense losses during this period.

In the end, the evil dragon race underwent a major cleansing, slaughtering countless members of their own race with the mark of the Ghost Fox on them. As a result, the powerful evil dragon race plummeted within the ranks of the dragon race, never to recover.

Only at that moment did the evil dragon race come to a grim realization: the Ghost Fox race’s curse was not just a scare tactic. It was merged into their bloodline.

As the evil dragon race continued to reproduce, their bloodline was passed down and more mutated evil dragons appeared. They would awaken the curse of the Ghost Fox, giving them an intense desire to destroy the evil dragon race.

The evil dragon race’s biggest headache was that there was no way to resolve this curse. The only method was for the sacred dragon’s holy light to cleanse their entire race. That would be the only way to fully remove the curse.Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

However, every generation’s sacred dragon was a high and mighty emperor. Existences like them did not deign to help the evil dragon race. Thus, the evil dragon race could only set up spies within their ranks to keep an eye on their members, catching any ghost fox evil dragons that were born.

Despite that, every tens of thousands of years, a new calamity caused by the ghost fox evil dragons would happen. Every time, a storm of blood followed. Just like the evil dragon was the nightmare of many cultivators, now the ghost fox evil dragon became the nightmare of the evil dragon race.

In Long Qinian’s youth, he had a lucky encounter and found a ghost fox evil dragon on the verge of death.

That ghost fox evil dragon had been hunted down by the evil dragon race’s experts. Although it ultimately slaughtered its pursuers, it also was pushed past its limit. Seeing Long Qinian and finding his character was a good match for its sinister and vicious self, it found that despite being human, Long Qinian didn’t reject its blood.

Hence, it didn’t give Long Qinian a chance to decline. It directly transferred its own bloodline power, magical arts, divine abilities, and Ghost Fox’s will into Long Qinian’s body.

If it weren’t for the ghost fox evil dragon being completely out of energy to the point that it couldn’t simply take over his body, there was no way that this would have benefited Long Qinian.

That ghost fox evil dragon knew that as long as the Ghost Fox’s will was present, Long Qinian would go crazy as soon as he encountered any member of the evil dragon race. That was enough for it.

After obtaining the inheritance of the ghost fox evil dragon, Long Qinian’s power soared like a shooting star. Not one person could receive a single blow from him in the same realm, and that continued for many years until he encountered Xia Guhong. Only then did his undefeatable legend end.

However, Long Qinian refused to accept this loss. In his mind, the reason he lost was because he hadn’t fully drawn out all of his potential.

His ghost fox evil dragon’s Supreme Blood and Supreme Bone were in slumber, and he had to obtain enough primal chaos qi to awaken them.

However, even after all his efforts, he was barely able to gather any primal chaos qi. With it, let alone merging his Supreme Bone and Supreme Blood, he couldn’t even awaken his Supreme Blood, the simplest step. In the end, he sealed himself, waiting for his chance.

As Long Chen triggered a change in the heavenly tomb, he caused the treasure lands to open. At the same time, Long Qinian sensed the call of dragon blood.

When he came here and saw the sacred dragon scale, he wanted to absorb it, but he was repelled by its divine might. Hence, he couldn’t absorb it.

However, he found that the thing calling him was one of the immemorial dragons, not the golden dragon scale. To be precise, it was the corpse of a ghost fox evil dragon. Now, he had finished absorbing its essence blood.

He was the first to arrive and already had the inheritance of the ghost fox evil dragon. As that immemorial dragon corpse had a high affinity with him, he naturally absorbed it faster than others.

Other than that, the ghost fox evil dragon’s aura was too special, leaving the others with no way but to absorb the primal chaos qi coming from it. Only he was capable of obtaining its acknowledgment. As he absorbed its essence blood, he also received the nourishment of primal chaos qi. Thus, he had finally achieved his goal and came out to attack Long Chen.

Seeing Yue Zifeng blocking the way, making dozens of Double Supreme Divine Venerates flee, he directly challenged Yue Zifeng. At this moment, his powerful Blood Qi shook everyone, and his Heavenly Dao Crown had two different kinds of runes flowing within it.

“He… he has fully merged his Supreme Bone and Supreme Blood! He is a true Double Supreme!” cried out a city lord enviously.

Only when one had fully merged the bone and blood could one become a true Double Supreme. Furthermore, the synergy between the two was far from a mere addition; their combined power multiplied exponentially, potentially dozens of times.

After all, Long Qinian was an Immortal King, the optimal realm for this merger. The amount of primal chaos qi that he required was less than one ten-thousandth of what a Divine Venerate required.

A true Double Supreme had finally appeared. At this moment, Long Qinian’s aura crashed down on everyone. The legends surrounding Double Supremes left everyone breathless, including the city lords who watched with a mix of anticipation and trepidation. Fortunately, Long Chen was the target, not them.

Long Qinian pointed his spear at Yue Zifeng. He coldly said, “I’ll give you three moves. Go ahead and attack!”