Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3889 Treacherous Long Qinian

A giant dragon with foxy eyes appeared in Long Qinian’s manifestation, looking nefarious.

A dragon’s eyes were usually circular, but these peculiar ones were long and narrow, its gaze alone containing a dark aura of hatred and maliciousness. It was like those eyes were filled with a desire to destroy the entire world, and people couldn’t help being afraid when looking at them.

Two divine radiances intertwined atop this dragon, representing the power of Long Qinian’s Supreme Blood and Supreme Bone. In contrast, others around him were surrounded by two kinds of runes as well, yet they remained separate and unable to converge.

Within Long Qinian’s manifestation, however, these two energies seamlessly melded together, resembling flowing currents—proof that he had fully merged his Supreme Blood and Supreme Bone.

At this moment, Long Qinian pointed his spear at Yue Zifeng, and his aura emanated a reserved intensity, akin to a crouching tiger waiting to launch the killing blow.

“Sword cultivators are like unsheathed swords; no one can stop them. As they have severed their path of retreat, they will fearlessly face even the most formidable opponents. They are also willing to face certain death, knowing that to do otherwise would shatter their Dao-heart, rendering them unworthy of the title ‘sword cultivator’. So I wonder, do you dare to fight me?” asked Long Qinian provokingly.

Within the three thousand worlds, Long Qinian was the first to fully merge his Supreme Blood and Supreme Bone, and the first thing he did after that was to challenge Yue Zifeng. Brimming with anticipation, everyone looked at Yue Zifeng to see his response.

However, Yue Zifeng was just standing there, without a single ripple on his handsome face. His gaze was still calm, seemingly indifferent, as if nothing could shake him.

To the surprise of all present, Yue Zifeng gradually sheathed his sword. This unexpected action left everyone in a state of bewilderment.

A sword cultivator was said to be the proudest cultivator in this world. They were unafraid of any challenge and cultivated another kind of Undefeatable Dao. Hence, they had to maintain a clear Dao-heart at all times. Otherwise, if their Dao-heart was clouded, they would forever lose the heart of the Sword Dao.

For someone like Long Qinian to challenge him, how could Yue Zifeng possibly decline? However, against all expectations, he actually sheathed his sword.

“What childish provocations, what crude acting. Do you want me to charge into your obvious trap?” Yue Zifeng looked at Long Qinian. His gaze was cold, and his voice was even colder. Moreover, those eyes of his were so clear as if they could see through all falsehoods in this world.

Upon being stared at like that, Long Qinian’s heart shuddered. But he managed to maintain a composed expression. “So a sword cultivator is simply this? Those legends about a Sword God are truly just stories for children. The Sword God is a fake covered in dogshit.”

In an instant, a wave of trepidation washed over the hearts of everyone present as they gazed at Long Qinian with sheer horror. It had to be known that while the legend of the Sword God had nothing backing it, it was a sacred existence to sword cultivators. Numerous legends circulated about the Sword God, each with its own variations. Consequently, many people doubted whether or not the Sword God ever existed. But to sword cultivators, the Sword God was their faith. To question the Sword God was to challenge the core of their faith. As a result, anyone who dared to show disrespect toward the Sword God would be hunted down by all sword cultivators. It was considered the gravest blasphemy within their ranks.

Had Long Qinian gone crazy? No one knew how many terrifying sword cultivators existed within the nine heavens and ten lands. He was clearly asking to die.

Let alone a little Immortal King like him, even Divine Venerates wouldn’t dare to speak like that.

A profound silence enveloped the surroundings as all eyes remained fixed upon Yue Zifeng. Much to their astonishment, he remained remarkably composed, devoid of any visible signs of anger. However, his gaze turned even colder, piercing through the onlookers. Though his sword was sheathed, his hand clung firmly to the hilt, a subtle indication of his unwavering readiness.

“You are a second-rate expert, as true experts disdain using such schemes. My boss said that those who scheme like this lack confidence in themselves. Someone who lacks confidence will waste their energy on thinking up schemes. Thus, some people may appear to be smart schemers, when in reality, they are the epitome of foolishness. On the other hand, some people may look foolish outwardly but possess true wisdom within. You shouldn’t have said that. By blaspheming the Sword God, you have fully sealed your own fate, leaving me with no choice but to end you.” Yue Zifeng looked at Long Qinian apathetically.

“Kill me? Hahaha!” Long Qinian raised his head like he had just heard the world’s funniest joke. “Big words. If you have guts, come over here and fight. Let’s see what dogshit the blessing of the Sword God is.”

Long Qinian even added further provocation, enraging the Dragonblood warriors. They were all well aware of Yue Zifeng’s unwavering faith in the Sword God. This Long Qinian’s mouth was just too filthy.

On the other hand, Yue Zifeng ignored this provocation and slowly closed his eyes. The world turned silent, as if all sound had suddenly vanished, being sucked away without a trace. At the same time, Long Qinian’s hair stood on end. His very soul trembled, as though some ancient beast had fixed its gaze upon him.

All of a sudden, Yue Zifeng opened his eyes, revealing two piercing sword-like runes in them.

There was no flowing Blood Qi, no rumbling of the Heavenly Daos, and no manifestation. But all the murderous aura within heaven and earth seemed to gather within Yue Zifeng.

Yue Zifeng’s sword then came out of its sheath like a dragon cry, filled with a murderous feeling.

A ripple of radiant light cascaded forth from the sword, swiftly descending toward its target. Yue Zifeng then moved along with his sword, directing its target not toward Long Qinian, but toward a specific point in front of him to the left.

BOOM!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

With a heaven-shaking explosion, the void was torn apart, exposing countless chains. They were like a net protecting Long Qinian.

“What treachery! He set up a trap beforehand!” raged a Dragonblood warrior furiously. Long Qinian had intentionally provoked Yue Zifeng just to make him run into this trap.

Those chains were originally invisible, impossible to sense. If it weren’t for Yue Zifeng’s attack, no one would have noticed their existence.

However, when Yue Zifeng’s sword struck them, they instantly shattered. In front of Yue Zifeng’s Sword Qi, unbreakable chains were cut through like mustard leaves, incapable of blocking his sword at all.

At this moment, Yue Zifeng appeared in front of Long Qinian. He then swung his sword three more times, and three nets of chains were shattered, startling everyone. Long Qinian was quite the schemer. How had he set up such a trap without anyone noticing it?

This trap had escaped everyone else’s senses, but not Yue Zifeng’s.

Just as the final net was destroyed, a spear silently pierced toward Yue Zifeng’s back, making everyone jump. Long Qinian had clearly been in front of him!

“Zifeng, watch out!” Xia Chen and the others cried out.