Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3905 Golden Bell

“She is blocking a divine weapon with her bare hands?!”

Startled cries rang out. This lightning tower was bigger than a mountain, and in comparison, Meng Qi was as small as an ant in front of it.

Meng Qi was like an elegant fairy with Immortal Qi swirling around her, looking as though a strong breeze might blow her over. Hence, when the lightning tower violently crashed toward her, Guo Ran, Xia Chen, and the others’ hearts instantly clenched.

To their surprise, the moment Meng Qi’s hands pierced the endless lightning surging out of the tower, a giant golden bell appeared behind her.

When her hands touched the tower, that golden bell’s originally dim runes suddenly blazed with light.

After that, the bell rang with a deep and sonorous sound that spread far and wide, enveloping the entire battlefield. It was a beautiful sound that intoxicated people.

In an instant, all the noises in heaven and earth faded. Only the sound of the bell continued to hang in the air.

As for Weng Tianyao, he was originally pushing the tower. But all of a sudden, his body shook and he coughed up blood. A figure identical to him looked as if it was going to leave his body.

Weng Tianyao was shocked. That was his Yuan Spirit. This one ring of Meng Qi’s bell almost made his Yuan Spirit escape his body.

Panicked, Weng Tianyao then grabbed his Yuan Spirit and spat out some blood onto his hands. After forming hand seals, he successfully dragged his Yuan Spirit back into his body.

At the same time, countless experts on the battlefield plummeted from the sky, akin to droplets of falling rain. Their Yuan Spirits still hung in the air, while their bodies were now soulless objects.

Of the trillions of experts on the battlefield, a full tenth had their Yuan Spirits removed from their bodies. The others were stunned, having never encountered something so terrifying in all their lives.

In an instant, the sound of that bell caused those with weak Spiritual Strength to have their Yuan Spirits leave their bodies. As for the slightly stronger experts, they felt their Yuan Spirits trying to leave, so they used all their power to keep them in.

Only those with powerful Yuan Spirits felt their souls slightly shake. They temporarily lost consciousness but that was it.

However, the sound of the bell continued to hang in the air. Other than the people on the side of the Dragonblood Legion, even city lords felt their heads buzzed as if they had been struck in the head.

In that instant, countless experts attacking the Dragonblood Legion died. The Dragonblood warriors took this chance to slaughter them. As those people had yet to recover, they were annihilated.

“This is our chance!”

Li Qi and Song Mingyuan, who were in the midst of combat with those experts, shouted at the same time. They directly gave up on the counterattack and formed hand seals. After that, the malevolent spirits behind them rapidly grew. Both of the malevolent spirits then opened their mouths wide and inhaled.

In an instant, those Yuan Spirits felt a terrifying suction, involuntarily flying over toward those mouths.

“No!”

Those Yuan Spirits screamed and struggled, but those malevolent spirits had a special devouring power for Yuan Spirits. No matter how the latter struggled, it was useless. Millions of Yuan Spirits directly flowed into their mouths.

As those malevolent spirits absorbed millions of Yuan Spirits, their auras rapidly grew, rippling and growing like an angry sea. After devouring them, they returned to Li Qi and Song Mingyuan’s manifestations. Both of their auras also multiplied in power instantly.

These two malevolent spirits were spiritual creatures that Li Qi and Song Mingyuan were raising, and they specialized in devouring Yuan Spirits to cultivate. Back then, their master had helped both of them choose some life spirits to merge in their manifestations.

There had been countless powerful spiritual creatures for them to choose from, and these two had been the worst of all of them. But Li Qi and Song Mingyuan had immediately set their sights on them.

These two malevolent spirits had been inside their sect for countless years, and no one had wanted them during that period. That was because their growth was too slow and the conditions for their growth were too harsh. Thus, no heavenly geniuses wanted them.

However, for Li Qi and Song Mingyuan, those two malevolent spirits might have been made for them. These malevolent spirits were powerful, allowing them to make up for their slightly lacking offense.

For others, these malevolent spirits grew too slowly. But for the two of them who came from the Dragonblood Legion, that was no problem.

Wasn’t it just devouring Yuan Spirits to grow? The Dragonblood Legion always had endless enemies and countless battles. Why would they worry about there not being Yuan Spirits to devour?

Those two malevolent spirits had been ignored for countless years, suffering from the arrogance of others. Hence, after taking Li Qi and Song Mingyuan as masters, they were instantly won over. In fact, when the malevolent spirits were still weak, Li Qi and Song Mingyuan fed them their own soul essence to strengthen them, not doubting them at all. As a result, those two malevolent spirits were now fiercely loyal to the two of them.

Another reason malevolent spirits weren’t usually chosen was because they could devour their masters. But Li Qi and Song Mingyuan were the most outstanding experts in the Dragonblood Legion, and affected by Long Chen, they chose to firmly believe in their comrades. Trust had to be mutual, so they would accompany each other in life and death.

It was due to this treatment that the two malevolent spirits were loyal to death toward them. With their spirits connected, they fought flawlessly together.

After absorbing so many Yuan Spirits, they directly converted that into their own power. That was one of the most terrifying abilities of malevolent spirits.

At the same time as their power crazily grew, half of it was transmitted to their masters, causing Li Qi and Song Mingyuan to grow stronger as well.

“Little brats, come and face your deaths!” With their power soaring, they blasted away the opposition. They swept through the enemy experts, going back and forth through their midst before returning to the Dragonblood Legion.

Originally, in order to lighten the pressure on the Dragonblood Legion, the two of them had gone out as the vanguard, blocking experts from different directions so that the Dragonblood Legion wouldn’t be surrounded. This way, the enemy’s attacks wouldn’t be fully concentrated, and the Dragonblood Legion would be able to withstand the impact of millions of experts attacking them.

However, that had actually put them in an awkward spot. They had been surrounded and unable to move freely. But now that they had absorbed so many Yuan Spirits and their power had grown, their enemies could no longer stop the two of them from returning to the Dragonblood Legion’s side. They were able to control the tempo of the battlefield there.

At this time, the battlefield was in chaos as that one move from Meng Qi terrified everyone. The sound of her bell was practically the reaper of lives, causing those with weaker Yuan Spirits to quiver in terror.

A full tenth of the experts on this battlefield were wiped out in an instant. Although they were the weakest of them all, it had to be known that those that dared to set foot onto this battlefield were no weaklings.

As for Weng Tianyao, he was also horrified. Just now, he had been the one to bear the greatest impact of that attack, and his Yuan Spirit had almost left his body. If that had happened, he would definitely be dead. With so many experts around, they wouldn’t give him any chance to merge back into his body.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

He was now covered in icy sweat. This beautiful woman in front of him actually had such a terrifying move.

Suddenly, the lightning tower rumbled and flew toward Meng Qi.

“What do you think you’re doing?!”

Weng Tianyao shouted in shock and fury, as he found that his lightning tower was actually not listening to his orders.