Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3918 Annihilation

At the core of the battlefield, the Violet Eye Nine Tail Demon Fox was under immense pressure. Its tails were shining brightly, but the barrier that it summoned was now covered in cracks. Despite this, it still clenched its teeth and persevered.

Within its eyes, demonic violet flames burned intensely, casting an eerie glow. But Bai Xiaole already fainted because of the roar.

It was because the Violet Eye Nine Tail Demon Fox had used up all of his Spiritual Strength and the power of his pupils to maintain the barrier. But even with all of that, it barely managed to withstand this roar.

Now that the roar had passed, the Violet Eye Nine Tail Demon Fox’s barrier shattered and its aura instantly plummeted, becoming extremely weak.

After that, the form of the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox began to fade away, unable to sustain its presence in this world any longer. It had exhausted all of its power and had no choice but to return to its original realm.

As for Bai Xiaole, he was still unconscious, his body limp in the arms of Guo Ran. Right now, the concept of heaven and earth seemed to fade away, leaving only a world of uncertainty and stillness.

Underneath the endless starry sky, all that met the eye was a gaping hole, as if a piece of the world had been erased. However, above the void, all the experts floated in mid-air, their sense of trepidation lingering, as though the giant maw below them would swallow them whole at any moment.

The once orderly Heavenly Daos were in chaos, and countless shattered Heavenly Dao runes were floating through the air. Yet, as these shattered fragments floated, a miraculous sight unfolded—the laws of the Heavenly Daos slowly began to mend themselves. The world, marred by scars, gradually embarked on a path of recovery.

However, the experts on the battlefield were gone and would never return. All that remained of them were some dying Yuan Spirit fluctuations, and once the fluctuations were gone, all traces of them would be erased.

A single roar had destroyed the very world, annihilating countless lifeforms, stunning the survivors. They didn’t dare to believe their eyes.

Long Chen was still in his roaring posture with his hair billowing around him, akin to a raging battle god of the nine heavens. After that, the giant dragon rolling within his manifestation gradually settled, and everything became calm.

“Quick!”

Suddenly, Li Qi and Song Mingyuan formed hand seals, and their malevolent spirits appeared. They then sucked in the broken fragments of Yuan Spirits that still hung in the air.

Long Chen's devastating attack had decimated numerous experts, leaving behind a trail of incomplete Yuan Spirit fragments. As a result, the malevolent spirits found these fragments to be of significantly reduced value.

However, considering the amount, these two malevolent spirits would advance to an unimaginable level once they had absorbed all the fragments.

But then, these fragments quickly dissipated back into the Heavenly Daos, making this a race against time. So, before the Heavenly Daos fully repaired themselves, they had to absorb as much of the fragments as possible.

Other than the people on the side of the Dragonblood Legion, the total of the survivors were just over a hundred, including Long Aotian, Kun Tu, Shi Yang, Ji Wuming, Yin Changsheng, the Nine Underworld Luocha, Weng Tianyao, and the mysterious beast cultivator.

Those who could withstand the impact of Long Chen’s roar were individuals who possessed strength just one level below that of Long Aotian and his peers. Every single one of them was a formidable expert, armed with their own unique arsenal of skills and abilities.

However, their terror grew crazily as they witnessed the devastating aftermath of Long Chen's single roar, which had decimated their entire group. Other than them, there was no one else left alive.

“The Ancestral Dragon Roars at the Nine Heavens… I didn’t expect you to inherit this technique. However, this technique requires the support of a dragon scale, so after using it, you won’t be able to use it again for a while. Let me see what other techniques you learned.” In front of the incomparably domineering Long Chen, Kun Tu showed no fear, and battle intent flowed out of him instead. As divine light flowed within his golden eyes, he spread his wings. An enormous figure then appeared behind him.

“Ancestral Soul Support, Kunpeng Blood Sacrifice!” Kun Tu’s wings suddenly blazed like the sun, unleashing endless golden light. Those wings were so huge that they seemed to reach the sea of stars.

BOOM!

The Heavenly Daos, which were in the midst of repairing, were once more thrown into chaos when those wings smashed down.

“So what if I can’t use Dragon Roars at the Nine Heavens again? Why would I need such a technique to deal with you?” Long Chen sneered and his golden dragon scales lit up. This was the Dragon Blood Battle Armor, the same one as ever. However, now there was a layer of sacred light over his scales, holy and noble, like something that could not be blasphemed.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Meanwhile, Long Chen’s power was now an unknown number of times greater than before, proof that the dragon expert’s essence blood was absolutely terrifying. If it weren’t for all the previous preparations, there was no way Long Chen would have managed to take command of it.

The dragon blood surged through his veins, each drop containing an explosive energy, akin to a dormant volcano ready to unleash devastation upon the world. Long Chen sensed the blood's unruly nature, as if it had a will of its own, barely heeding his command. He knew that he had to unleash their power or he himself would explode.

“The contemptible human race isn’t qualified to act arrogantly in front of the great Kunpeng race, even if you have obtained some ancestral dragon essence blood!” roared Kun Tu.

“If the human race is so contemptible, why do you take human form? Why don’t you use your feathered animal form?” snorted Long Chen.

As Long Chen unleashed a punch, the power raging in his body finally found an outlet to let it out. That feeling of release made his blood boil.

BOOM!

All of a sudden, the sky turned ominous, enveloped in impenetrable darkness that swallowed every trace of color. Time itself seemed to grow chaotic. It was like everything passed in the blink of an eye, yet also felt very long. When people could finally see again, they saw Kun Tu’s giant body being sent tumbling back by Long Chen’s punch, causing a giant black hole to appear behind him.

A powerful force then tried to devour Kun Tu. However, with his huge body, by spreading his wings, he escaped the pull of the black hole.

At this moment, a seven-colored Supreme Blood unleashed a wave of light that concealed a flag. As the sun and moon flowed on top of the flag, the stars in the heavens quivered and Supreme Qi unfurled.

Long Aotian was also attacking. With his trump cards, he fully ignited his Supreme Blood and unleashed the greatest power from the Sun Moon Five Element Flag.

With a force that caused the stars to shake and the nine heavens to change color, the Sun Moon Five Element Flag tore through space, cutting heaven and earth in two.

“Long Chen, die!”

Long Aotian was clenching his teeth furiously. He had originally thought that once he fully activated his Supreme Blood, his power would soar to the point that he could easily slay Long Chen.

Unexpectedly, Long Chen encountered an even greater opportunity, causing his power to grow explosively. This then sparked envy and deep-seated hatred within Long Aotian's heart. As someone very prideful, he considered joining forces with others to be a huge insult.

“Let’s see if you have that ability,” Long Chen sneered with disdain. After that, his body twisted and his leg swung out like a whip.

BOOM!

An even greater explosion erupted, shaking every inch of the three thousand worlds. From above the heavens, it appeared as if the entire world was starting to tear. As a result, countless native lifeforms in the three thousand worlds were staring in horror in this direction, not knowing what was going on.

After kicking Long Aotian away, Long Chen felt a sword targeting his back. He then snorted and reached out for that sword with his bare hand.

However, just as his hand was about to grab the tip of that sword, a dagger appeared with a cold glint, stabbing for the back of his head.