Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3934 Thirty-Thousand-Meter Trees

At this moment, the ordinary corpses that Long Chen obtained from the heavenly tomb had been completely devoured by the black soul.

Before the final fight, he had set the powerful immemorial corpses to the side and simply let the black soil absorb the ordinary corpses from the heavenly tomb, as well as those lifeforms that Luo Zichuan had slain in that mysterious space.

Back then, he had too many corpses, so after putting the ordinary ones in, he hadn’t paid further attention to the primal chaos space. Also, during the fight for the dragon scale, he hadn’t had time to look inside.

Now, he saw that all the corpses he had piled onto the black soil had been devoured. Most importantly, the short Moon and Fusang Trees were now thirty thousand meters tall.

According to reason, this would make them towering trees. But they were still in the form of soft shoots, looking as if the slightest jab would cause their sap to flow out.

Beneath the bark, it was possible to see some liquid flowing inside, looking like a person’s meridians. Energy slowly flowed within these translucent trees.

Even though they were still in a young form, the flames around them already gave off a powerful pressure. This power only coiled around the branches without spreading further.

Those were the Moon Flames and the Sun Flames, the core flames of the Moon Tree and the Fusang Tree. Long Chen looked around and found that not too far from them, Huo Linger was slowly absorbing flame energy from a Fusang Tree.

After unleashing the Double Dragon Destruction, Huo Linger and Lei Linger actually managed to force back Liao Bencang in his three-flower state, almost killing him. From this, it could be seen just how terrifying their power was.

However, back then, the two hadn’t held back and had unleashed all their power in one blow. After that, they fell unconscious.

To Long Chen’s surprise, Huo Linger had recovered most of her energy in just half a day as she absorbed the power of the Sun Flames and Moon Flames, causing her recovery speed to be amazing. On the other hand, Lei Linger was still a clump of lightning right now, not even able to take her dragon form. She would need some time to recover.

Long Chen couldn’t help sighing emotionally. The energy of the three thousand Moon Trees and Fusang Trees was all for Huo Linger to absorb. She was the gang leader of this region.

At her current speed, she would be fully recovered in just a few hours and be capable of helping him fight soon.

However, Lei Linger was actually doing quite well for herself. She had a lightning tower beside her, and a lightning sword was swirling around her as protection. They seemed to be using their own power to help Lei Linger recover.

These two lightning divine weapons had actually revolted against Weng Tianyao, but they were so loyal and devoted to Lei Linger, sacrificing their own core energy to help her heal. Such a thing was rarely seen amongst divine weapons.

“I wonder if the Violet Thunderclap Empire has more treasures? If I can get more lightning weapons for Lei Linger, that would be good.” Long Chen suddenly had a thought. It seemed that he would need to find a chance to take a stroll through the Violet Thunderclap Empire’s treasury.

Otherwise, with the support of the Moon Trees and Fusang Trees, Huo Linger would grow increasingly powerful alongside them, and Lei Linger would fall behind. If that happened, the two would be unable to unleash the Double Dragon Destruction. As a result, Long Chen would be unable to use the Lightning Flames Devour the Heavens.

The pitiful Weng Tianyao and Weng Taibei had yet to even find Long Chen for revenge when Long Chen already started making them his targets.

Long Chen now turned toward the core region. The Heavenly Dao Tree was the same as ever. He had plucked quite a bit of its fruit, but there was still plenty remaining.

As for the Seven Treasure Colored Glass Tree, it was continuously unleashing seven-colored immortal mist. Standing within this mist, Long Chen’s mind was instantly refreshed. Any weariness he had was erased, and he entered a state of empty spirit.

The Seven Treasure Colored Glass Tree possessed immense life energy, but this life energy did not leave its body, belonging only to it. It was like it was expressing some kind of law that made it its own world.

“The Seven Treasure Colored Glass Tree has grown a great deal and accumulated its power. Xia Chen and Guo Ran should be able to use it,” murmured Long Chen.

Long Chen knew very little about the Seven Treasure Colored Glass Tree. When it entered the primal chaos space, it actually rivaled the Heavenly Dao Tree, splitting its land until their territories were in the form of a dual-fish Taiji diagram. The Heavenly Dao Tree occupied the black fish, while the Seven Treasure Colored Glass Tree had the white fish. Thus, Long Chen always felt that the Seven Treasure Colored Glass Tree had an amazing background.

Furthermore, there was the slightest trace of a sacred aura exuding out of it. Every time, divine light and immortal mist flowed around it, making it appear very powerful. However, that sacred aura was still very weak, as though it hadn’t grown at all.

After staring at it for a long time, Long Chen gave up on figuring out anything about the Seven Treasure Colored Glass Tree. He returned his attention to the Moon Trees and the Fusang Trees.

Sensing the endless life energy within them and their terrifying flame energy, Long Chen smiled.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Even though they were still tender shoots, they possessed a strength surpassing that of the fully grown Wood Foundation Divine Trees. Despite their smaller numbers, their exceptional quality more than compensated for the shortfall.

Most importantly, they still had limitless room to grow. As long as Long Chen kept giving them more nutrients, they would keep growing. Then Long Chen would have an undying body.

“It’s too bad. I shouldn’t have roared back in the three thousand worlds. Even if I had to roar, I should have held back. Shattering their Yuan Spirits was alright, but I should have kept their bodies intact. Ugh, I’m still too childish.” Long Chen sighed and shook his head. If he could draw in the corpses of millions and millions of experts, the Moon Trees and Fusang Trees would definitely grow even faster.

Long Chen now looked at a giant immemorial corpse that he had tossed to the side of the black soil. This was the powerful corpse that he had tossed in at the start.

He had found that a corpse on this level was too powerful, to the point that the black soil had great difficulty decomposing it. Hence, he had tossed it to the side and thrown in weaker corpses to decompose.

Long Chen was in no rush to get rid of these powerful corpses. After killing Shi Yang, he had a greater understanding of just how terrifying these corpses were.

These corpses had many runes on them. They were runes that came from the immemorial era and had some research value. Perhaps they weren’t useful to him, but they could benefit Guo Ran and Xia Chen, Xia Chen especially.

After his mind exited the primal chaos space, it entered his mind-sea. The bronze cauldron was just floating there silently and motionlessly. After accepting Long Chen as its master, it didn’t change in the slightest bit.

“There are words on it?”

Long Chen looked at it closely and suddenly noticed that there were characters carved into the cauldron. However, they were covered in a layer of what seemed to be rust. Long Chen was about to knock off some of that rust when the dragon expert gave him a harsh warning.

“Don’t meddle with it, or you will die without a doubt in your next heavenly tribulation.”