Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4008 Endless Sea of Fire

On the tenth step of the sixth level, Long Chen was under immense pressure as he fought the devil experts. Now, his movements had reached the level of being able to keep up with their speed even under this pressure.

However, he was only able to last for at most four hours. After all, the immense pressure was extremely taxing and energy-draining, so he had no choice but to go back and rest occasionally.

His spiritual space was now a sea of gold, and beneath it was the ancient bronze cauldron floating in front of the Divine Gate.

Long Chen found that the nourishment of the golden energy was causing a subtle change in the cauldron. It was as if that golden energy was able to affect it.

As more of that golden energy entered his spiritual space, Long Chen found that his Spiritual Strength was also undergoing a miraculous change.

However, he still didn’t sense his Spiritual Strength getting stronger, nor did his spiritual space grow. He wasn’t even able to tell what exactly was changing.

As for the state that allowed him to split his mind, it was truly mysterious. He couldn’t explain it clearly; it was like he had stepped into an unknown domain.

After resting, Long Chen once more returned to the tenth step. This time, after the soul refinement, egg-like runes had appeared in his spiritual space.

Now, his blood, qi, bones, spirit, and soul had produced these runes, which signified that his soul refinement had reached its current limit.

“Long Chen!”

When Long Chen returned to the first step to rest, Zhu Yunwen, Yu Qingxuan, and the others had just passed through the gate and were delighted to see him.

Long Chen was shocked to see their incredibly sharp auras. Before this, they had been like embryonic blades. But having gone through the tempering of battle, they were displaying their light.

After all, the imperial disciples were all geniuses, but their combat experience was lacking, causing their combat power to be terrible.

However, through this trial of combat, their combat experience grew. This trial by fire was clearly created for them.

They now had powerful combat instincts and could no longer be considered rookies. Just from their sharp gazes, he could see the change in them. They had completely transformed.

The imperial family had intentionally not raised them in order to trick their enemies. However, the time had come for them to be unsheathed as divine blades, their skills honed and perfected to their utmost potential.

When Long Chen asked, he learned that they had charged to the seventh step of the previous level in one go. The devil experts that he had crippled were of little challenge to them, so it seemed that he had gone a bit too far. Anyway, their growth exceeded his expectations.

Most shocking of all was Zhu Yifeng’s gaze. It was electric, akin to a volcano. Of everyone, his improvement was the quickest.

“Alright, let’s go to the tenth step.”

Long Chen rested and then brought them all the way to the tenth step of this level. With Long Chen’s protection, the imperial disciples could go all-out, and there was no need for Long Chen to do anything.

They blasted through the devils like they were rotting wood. It was only when they actually reached the tenth step that their expressions changed.

They hadn’t expected there to be such a powerful pressure here. However, with eight hundred thousand of them stepping forward at once, the pressure was distributed around them, so they were still able to resist.

On the other hand, Long Chen had been facing all of that pressure himself, while also splitting his mind in two. That was what made it so taxing for him to fight off the devil experts.

When they called upon their manifestations, the aura of the Vermilion Bird blazed to life, and divine flames soared with an intense brilliance. With unyielding determination, they unleashed their full power, holding nothing back in their display of strength and prowess.

With Long Chen here, they didn’t need to worry about conserving their energy, so they went all-out. As they slaughtered their enemies, Long Chen noticed that the pressure here caused their manifestations to grow increasingly solid.

Moreover, their flame energy was growing along with their manifestations, causing their attacks to be sharp and fierce. With every moment, their power rose.

Seeing this, Long Chen felt incredibly envious. The Vermilion Bird Empire’s foundation was truly astonishing. If they could pass this trial, these disciples alone would strike fear into the hearts of their enemy.

Clearly, the Vermilion Bird Empire’s plan of acting weak was to bag something big. They would get rid of all their enemies once and for all.

Long Chen and the others fought on the tenth step for half a day. They were actually already exhausted, and Zhu Yunwen wanted to bring everyone back to rest, but Long Chen ordered everyone to keep fighting. He found that pushing them to their limit would cause them to draw out more and more of their potential at a shocking rate.

Fortunately, the imperial disciples were prideful, and under Long Chen’s orders, they gritted their teeth and continued fighting. Despite there being numerous times where they thought that they wouldn’t be able to hold on, seeing others were still enduring, they refused to give up.

As a result, they lasted several more hours than they had expected. During the fight, they quickly noticed that the pressure around them was weakening. The devil experts were also thinning out. In the end, they were all slain, and the pressure was gone.

The imperial disciples then sighed with relief, and the majority of them directly collapsed, having severely overdrafted themselves.

“Qingxuan, are you alright?” Long Chen looked at the pale Yu Qingxuan worriedly.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Yu Qingxuan was exhausted, but seeing Long Chen look at her, she smiled and said, “I’m fine. This trial has been very helpful to me. I was fully focused on alchemy before, but now I’m making up for my lack of focus on fighting. Hehe, if I had my current power in the three thousand worlds, none of you would have needed to worry about me.”

Yu Qingxuan’s strongest point was her alchemy. In the Blazing Heaven Divine Sect, she focused mostly on alchemy because she didn’t like fighting, leaving her with a lack of experience in that regard.

However, in the Heavenly Flame World and the three thousand worlds, she came to know this world’s cruelty. Powerful martial strength was a must. So, the feeling of her power rising greatly gave her a sense of safety.

Yu Qingxuan’s killing power was undoubtedly the greatest here. Her core flame was the Heavenly Rainbow Flame, and her manifestation’s Vermilion Bird was also different from everyone else’s. However, she was still clearly unable to wield the full power of the Heavenly Rainbow Flame.

Her potential was terrifying, but her character was quiet and tranquil, as she hadn’t activated her battle instincts. Now though, her potential was awakening.

When they had recovered to around seventy or eighty percent, Long Chen didn’t give them any more time to rest. He directly brought them through the gate.

The first three levels were pressure, while the next three levels were actual combat. If Long Chen’s guess was correct, the next three levels should be another kind of trial.

Long Chen didn’t hesitate and stepped right through the gate. When he did, the space around him changed, and he found himself within a sea of flames.

“Wow!”

When Huo Linger saw this endless sea of flames, she cried out delightedly. She then ran out of the primal chaos space, staring at her surroundings in wonder.