Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4013 Immemorial Vermilion Bird

This wild beast was a flame tiger, and its sharp claws smashed down toward Long Chen.

BOOM!

Seeing this, Long Chen formed hand seals, and an invisible shield appeared in front of him, causing the tiger’s claws to smash into it. The shield then shattered, but the tiger was also blown back.

Using the will to block enemies. Long Chen needed hand seals to do such a thing, but the dragon race’s experts did not. But in this aspect, no one could help him. Long Chen would need to grope around in the dark by himself when it came to this.

The next moment, Long Chen’s hand seals changed, and an invisible sword shot toward the tiger.

To his surprise, the tiger reacted very quickly. It opened its mouth, unleashing a wave of fire that struck the sword, destroying it.

Seeing this, Long Chen snorted and his hand seals changed again, forming eighteen swords that pierced toward the tiger.

BOOM!

The tiger was struck by the eighteen swords and exploded. But as soon as it did, it transformed into runes that reformed once more into the tiger, attacking Long Chen again.

Using only his will to defend and attack, he then killed the tiger over ten times, but it still refused to die. Time and time again, it reconstituted itself, its power not diminishing in the slightest.

After fighting for an hour, Long Chen’s head started to hurt. This was a symptom of using up too much of his will energy.

As a result, Long Chen retreated to the first step to recuperate. After resting, he returned to fight the tiger again and found that the power of his will was no longer invisible. Instead, golden spots already appeared on it.

Luckily, his will grew even stronger with these golden spots. Originally, his range was only three hundred meters, but when those golden spots appeared, the range instantly spread to hundreds of miles.

To Long Chen's surprise, refining his will didn’t require the energy of his blood, qi, bones, spirit, and soul. After reaching a certain level, their energies were actually linked, mutually assisting each other.

At this moment, a golden sword pierced through the flame tiger’s body, blasting it apart. This tiger, which could originally endure dozens of attacks, was now unable to endure even a single blow.

Long Chen was pleasantly surprised. This power was essentially giving him a domain that others couldn’t sense. With his will, he could definitely kill his opponents without them being aware of it!

The power of his will was extremely bizarre. It was like the power of a domain or pressure yet also like a completely different concept.

If Long Chen summoned a lightning domain or a flame domain, he could control everything within it. But switching to one of them took time, and in a battle, experts could sense the fluctuations of the domain to deduce the objective of the opponent.

But a domain with the power of will? The power was based on what the heart willed, so they couldn’t possibly defend against it.

The drawback was that it was exhausting a great deal of mental energy. With Long Chen’s mental energy, he could only fight using it for two hours.

However, Long Chen was delighted to find that as this golden energy appeared, the power of his will rapidly grew. It was like the power of his soul was merging into it.

The power of his Yuan Spirit and soul was originally intangible, but it had become tangible through cultivation. As for the power of his will, it was something that existed between the tangible and intangible. There was a miraculous connection between the three of them that couldn’t be explained with words.

When Long Chen reached the ninth step of this level, he saw various flame beasts that were incredibly powerful. They gave Long Chen immense pressure.

But the greater the pressure, the stronger his will grew. As he constantly formed hand seals, thousands of golden swords appeared in the air, forming a sharp sword formation that forced back those beasts. They repeatedly exploded.

Currently, Long Chen’s will could spread for three thousand miles. In other words, within this domain, he could kill people with just his will.

However, getting to the tenth step with just this power was very difficult because the ninth step's latter half was filled with beasts.

Furthermore, every time he went back to rest, returning to his original location took a great deal of his newly recovered energy. Getting halfway through the ninth step already caused him to run out of this power, forcing him to go back and recuperate.

After several attempts, Long Chen finally reached the tenth step. But as soon as he stepped onto it, before he even got a good look at his surroundings, he was already blasted away by a terrifying force.

Just as Long Chen was forced back to the first step to recuperate, Yu Qingxuan and the others managed to reach the ninth level. Their speed was astonishing.

After the tempering on the seventh and eighth levels, they were sharpened even more. Their gazes were as sharp as a sword now.

Even Yu Qingxuan’s aura had changed. She was still warm and gentle, but there was now a firm sharpness deep within her eyes.

She was like a sheathed sword. However, once this sword was unsheathed, its sharpness could cut down the river of stars. Furthermore, Long Chen could sense particularly powerful flame fluctuations from her. That was the aura of the Heavenly Rainbow Flame.

It seemed that this trial had caused the Heavenly Rainbow Flame to start displaying the divine power possessed by the rank nine Heavenly Flame.

Once everyone arrived, Long Chen explained the situation here and brought them onward.

BOOM!

Zhu Yunwen slashed his sword, blasting apart an invisible sword that had just begun condensing. His movements were quick and at ease.

“Beautiful!” Long Chen praised him. Zhu Yunwen was now a true expert, and that one blow showed his true power.

Zhu Yunwen smiled when he received Long Chen’s praise. Long Chen’s acknowledgment was the greatest encouragement to him.

Although they hadn’t seen Long Chen’s display, the fact that he was constantly ahead of them showed that his power was unfathomable. No matter how strong they grew, they knew there was a gap between them and Long Chen.

Thus, Long Chen’s praise was the greatest encouragement for them. Feeling reinvigorated by his praise, they continued to push onward.

When they reached the sixth step and encountered the flame beasts, the pressure instantly rose and their progress slowed down.

But by working together, they still managed to charge through. Of course, compared to when Long Chen advanced on his own, these flame beasts were much weaker, perhaps less than a tenth of when Long Chen fought them.

Just like that, over eight hundred thousand imperial disciples working together managed to reach the ninth step. But the endless army of flame beasts here was too strong for them and finally forced them back.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

To their surprise though, as they all were about to fall back, a golden barrier blocked those flame beasts. No matter how the latter tore at the barrier, they were unable to get through.

“This is…?”

Everyone was startled by this. No one could use magical arts or channel the laws of the Heavenly Daos in this place, as it rejected all kinds of energy. Here, they could only use their most basic core flame energy to fight.

Thus, when they saw Long Chen form hand seals, they were dumbfounded. They couldn’t even speak. Long Chen was able to ignore the laws here.

In truth, the will domain that he summoned came from within himself. He didn’t need to draw energy from heaven and earth. Furthermore, this kind of energy was not restricted by this place, so it was only natural that he could use it.

Long Chen summoned a barrier that gave them time to rest. Once they were mostly recovered, he led them to the tenth step.

BOOM!

When they reached the tenth step, a deafening explosion reverberated and flames erupted, ascending skywards in a magnificent display. Gradually, an immense head materialized right before their eyes, taking shape in front of the entire group.

“Immemorial Vermilion Bird!”

Zhu Yunwen and the others instantly knelt on the ground when they saw that head.