Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4017 Huge Treasure

A giant flying boat slowly flew through the air. At this moment, countless runes flowed on top of the flying boat, reflecting the appearance of the sky.

From the ground, this flying boat was completely invisible. With its slow speed, it made no sound and caused no air currents. Thus, no one would sense its existence.

This was the special invisible flying boat that Guo Ran had made. The first time they reunited again, in order to show off, he directly gave it to Long Chen. But this was Long Chen’s first time actually using it.

With it, Long Chen and the others secretly arrived at the border without anyone being the wiser. They avoided the sentries of the Heavenly Ruler Seal Empire and headed directly for the Violet Thunderclap Empire that was behind it.

Originally, Long Chen’s plan was to lead them to the eight battlegrounds. However, he then had a thought. Right now, their power was an absolute secret, so why not carry out a surprise raid?

The Vermilion Bird Empire might appear to be in a crisis, but their enemies were mostly only intimidating them. They hadn’t reached the point of a bloody clash. If they were to do such a thing, the eight empires would lose many soldiers as well. That wasn’t what they wanted.

On the other hand, considering the Vermilion Bird Empire’s preparations, for them to be so flustered, it was clear that it was intentional. Thus, he decided to do something big.

As the flying boat slowly flew through the air, everyone took advantage of this time to recuperate. Long Chen himself left the flying boat to Yu Qingxuan to control while he entered his meditation state.

He had reached an initial level of control over the Dragon Soul Body Forging Art. The only problem left was that this technique was not the dragon race’s Dragon Blood Body Tempering Art.

After all, there was a large difference between the two. Right now, Long Chen’s Dragon Soul Body Forging Art was still in an embryonic form, but it was already very hard to use.

Long Chen had to use his mind to balance his blood, qi, and bones with his spirit, soul, and will. As for the mind, that was what the dragon expert called it, but Long Chen felt that it shouldn’t be called that. This power should be called something else, yet he was unable to think of a word for it.

In any case, the foundation of this technique was to balance the corporeal and incorporeal power within someone, producing a more primal force.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Long Chen also didn’t know what kind of word to call this force. It was all very profound and mysterious, beyond his current scope of understanding.

Right now, the main problem lay in the fact that after he learned the Dragon Soul Body Forging Art, whenever he summoned the Dragon Blood Battle Armor, it put an extremely heavy strain on his body.

When Long Chen’s claw attack shattered the trial gate, endless power also exploded out of his body, leaving him in a weakened state afterward. That was completely different from what he had anticipated.

The Dragon Blood Battle Armor was a state that he could fight in for a long time. But now, he could only use it for one attack. There had to be a problem somewhere.

“Senior, what is going on?” Even after thinking about it for a long time, Long Chen was still lost, so he asked the dragon expert for aid.

The dragon expert seemed to be pondering the question as well, and it eventually said, “I asked the Vermilion Bird expert to give you enlightenment because the Vermilion Bird has a close connection with the human race. It knows how to communicate with the human race. On the other hand, our dragon race relies on our bloodline and memory inheritance for many things. We don’t record things on paper or pass things down with word of mouth. Anyway, you’ve already grasped the right path, so you should figure it out yourself. There are some things that I understand but cannot explain clearly. If I were to try to explain, you might misunderstand. It’s like a chicken talking with a duck. It would be troublesome if you were to misunderstand. Since you’ve already figured out the general embryonic form, you should slowly think it over yourself.”

Hearing the explanation, Long Chen thought about it. That was reasonable. The dragon race’s inheritances were very simple and crude, completely different from the human race’s inheritances. When it came to the Dragon Soul Body Forging Art, the dragon expert’s explanation was different from Long Chen’s comprehension of the technique in many areas.

If Long Chen one day figured out the complete Dragon Soul Body Forging Art, it would probably have deviated from the original and become its own peerless technique.

Since there was no actual answer, Long Chen could only continue to grope around in the dark. Luckily, after condensing the corporeal and incorporeal power, he quickly found the crux of the problem.

When these two powers merged, they began to clash against each other. As a result, the explosive utilization of these merged forces intensified the clash even further, leading to an even greater percentage of their energies colliding.

“So to put it frankly, this is the result of my scale not being stable enough. I am unable to fully isolate and control the two sides, causing their merger to be chaotic. Although it allows me to unleash explosive power, these two forces end up canceling each other out. But where does that canceled energy go? They should remain in my body, right?”

Long Chen then tried again. To his surprise, he found that when these two powers canceled each other out, they simply vanished, as if something had stolen them away.

“Can power really just vanish like that?”

Long Chen was startled. It was like he was once more a rookie on the Martial Heaven Continent. The dragon expert’s Dragon Soul Body Forging Art left him dumbfounded.

When cold ice met red-hot iron, it would become steam. But when Long Chen’s powers canceled themselves out, they just silently vanished. There was no reason to speak of.

“Ugh, this is beyond my knowledge.” Long Chen was truly befuddled this time. But since he couldn’t figure it out, he just stopped thinking about it. He simply worked on increasing his control through the use of this so-called mind aspect.

Through repeated attempts, his control over the different forces gradually grew. It was a simple case of practice makes perfect. Sometimes, there were principles that the mind couldn’t understand, but the body would.

In the same vein, this Dragon Soul Body Forging Art had toppled Long Chen’s previous understanding of cultivation.

Previously, Long Chen had thought that martial techniques required comprehension first, and only after enlightenment and practice could one truly control a refined technique.

However, now he found that some things were just randomly learned, randomly trained, and then randomly mastered. He himself didn’t even know how he had learned this technique.

Hence, Long Chen truly believed the dragon expert when it said that it was unable to explain clearly with words. This technique had opened a door to an unknown world for Long Chen.

Not only did Long Chen gain a deeper understanding of power, but he felt like he saw a multicolored radiance of another world. That radiance was something that he had never encountered before.

“We’ve arrived at the border of the Violet Thunderclap Empire,” whispered Yu Qingxuan. A lightning barrier had appeared in front of them. This was the Violet Thunderclap Empire’s city defense. Once they got close, they would immediately be sensed. It was just like the Vermilion Bird Empire’s flame barrier.

“Lei Linger!” called out Long Chen.

“Leave it to me!”

Lei Linger’s figure appeared. When the flying boat touched the lightning barrier, lightning wrapped around it, causing it to merge into the barrier and pass through without any alarm ringing. They easily slipped their way into the Violet Thunderclap Empire.

“Big brother Long Chen, I can sense that this place has a huge treasure inside!”

As soon as they passed through the barrier, Lei Linger suddenly cried out excitedly.