Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4024 Sending a Big Gift

Within the primal chaos space, the indomitable Blue Flame Voracious Wolf was no longer the slightest bit ferocious, its eyes only filled with terror.

Like usual, no matter how powerful it was, once it arrived at the primal chaos space, it would just tuck its tail between its legs. Looking at the cowering Blue Flame Voracious Wolf, Long Chen smiled.

The primal chaos space was practically an unrivaled existence. As long as Long Chen could drag the other side inside, they would have to submit.

Regretfully, the primal chaos space was not all-powerful, and dragging an opponent inside was not easy.

“Huo Linger, quickly devour it.”

Looking at the quivering Blue Flame Voracious Wolf, Long Chen felt no pity. For its spirit to not extinguish after all this time, who knew just how many souls had been offered to it?

Numerous heroic spirits forged a deep connection with their believers. As devotees offered sacrifices to these spirits, they bestowed blessings upon their faithful followers.

Among these heroic spirits, the Blue Flame Voracious Wolf stood out for its infamous brutality. It had earned the position of being the faith divine beast of the Blue Flame Empire. To attain such a status, both the empire and the creature itself had likely engaged in dark and terrible deeds to nourish its power and influence.

At this moment, Huo Linger transformed into eight hundred white flame dragons and began to tear at its body.

The Blue Flame Voracious Wolf yelped in pain, but its power seemed to be restrained here. Let alone in its weakened state, even in its full-power state, it would have no ability to resist within the primal chaos space.

Seeing that Huo Linger was steadily devouring it, Long Chen’s mind exited the primal chaos space. At this time, Zhu Yifeng came over while holding Lan Tianba’s head.

“Boss, we actually killed a three-flower Earth Venerate!”

“Not bad. But don’t get overconfident. This fellow is the weakest of three-flower Earth Venerates. I heard that he originally didn’t even have the power to reach this level, but after offering a large number of sacrifices to the Blue Flame Voracious Wolf, it used its power to forcibly help him condense the three flowers. Thus, his power cannot compare to the other three-flower Earth Venerates. Even so, being able to kill him with just your combined effort is enough to prove the bravery of the Vermilion Bird Empire,” said Long Chen, first giving them a warning to avoid them getting conceited. But they did deserve a praise.

“Big brother, what do we do now? Return to the empire and attack them from behind?” asked Zhu Yifeng.

“No, no, it’s still too early. Before the information spreads, let's do another round of plundering.”

Long Chen then brought them around to search for the Blue Flame Empire’s treasuries. They quickly found a secret space. When they saw it, they almost shouted in excitement.

The treasury displayed a breathtaking sight with battleships and war chariots meticulously arranged in neat rows. As far as the eye could see, there was an abundance of battle armor and divine weapons. Moreover, an enormous mountain of Heavenly Flame Crystals added to the awe-inspiring spectacle, shining brilliantly in their magnificent splendor.

Although they had been excited by the Violet Thunderclap Empire’s treasury, in the end, those treasures were of lightning elements.

However, the Blue Flame Empire’s treasures were all of flame elements, so they were practically made for them.

“There’s no time to split them up. Just bring out a hundred Lightning Thunderclap Battleships and a hundred of the Blue Flame Empire’s battleships to make us seem like a contingent composed of both of their empires. We’ll now go to the Feather Cry Empire. Their relationship with the Blue Flame Empire isn’t good, so we’ll gamble that we can attack a bit faster than the information reaches them,” said Long Chen.

Right now, they no longer doubted his words, so they immediately carried out his orders. They emptied the treasury and rushed to the Feather Cry Empire at full speed.

According to reason, closeness bred fondness. But it was the opposite for empires. The closer they were, the worse their relationships would be. That was especially true for two empires that were evenly matched in power. It was all too easy for conflicts to erupt between them.

BOOM!

The battleships crossed through the barrier, directly barging into the Feather Cry Empire. Before the guards could even ring the alarm bells, Long Chen’s voice was like thunder resounding throughout the air.

“The Violet Thunderclap and Blue Flame Empires have arrived! Alert your Empire Lord! The plan has changed. Gather your troops for battle!”

Hearing that announcement and then looking at the specific Lightning Thunderclap Battleships and Blue Flame Battleships, the soldiers didn’t dare to tarry. They immediately sent word to the capital.

Then, just like that, Long Chen and the others swaggered toward the capital.

When they passed through the large cities, other flying boats actually lined up around them like an escort for a respected guest.

Obviously, this escort had to be the Feather Cry Empire welcoming the Violet Thunderclap Empire, not the Blue Flame Empire. But since they had come together, the Feather Cry Empire had to express enough sincerity.

Otherwise, if the Blue Flame Empire were to properly fawn over the Violet Thunderclap Empire and gain their support, the Feather Cry Empire would have difficulty surviving their pressure.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Originally, everyone was nervous inside the battleships, afraid of being exposed. But unexpectedly, everything went according to Long Chen’s calculations.

However, when they saw how things were going so smoothly that they even had escorts, they realized the crux of it. So Long Chen had seen through how the Feather Cry Empire would react in order to curry favor with the Violet Thunderclap Empire.

His enemies were dancing in the palm of his hand, causing the imperial disciples to almost prostrate themselves toward him in admiration. Such control over politics was beyond their imagination.

In truth, they simply overestimated Long Chen. Ignoring whether or not Long Chen really did have such a gift, the truth was that he couldn’t be bothered to use it.

Ever since the miserable defeat of the Martial Heaven Continent, Long Chen had affirmed his cultivation path. He no longer bothered wasting his energy on schemes.

What was the point? Long Chen had planned and strategized so much for the final battle of the Martial Heaven Continent. They even had a genius like Li Tianxuan with countless calculations and countless preparations. But in the end? If it weren’t for the dragon expert, everyone would have died.

As a result, now, Long Chen was just blindly following his heart’s desire. In any case, as long as he was strong enough, whatever he did was right. He didn’t want to waste his precious energy and time on senseless schemes.

The battleships rapidly closed in on the capital. After all, Long Chen was in a race against time. He was gambling, gambling that the Feather Cry Empire had not received word of the Blue Flame Empire’s destruction before they arrived.

The Feather Cry Empire’s capital quickly appeared in the distance. When Long Chen saw the state of the formation around the city, he smiled. Zhu Yunwen and the others were also delighted.

Their grand formation was not at full power or in any combat state. In fact, when they entered, the Feather Cry Empire’s experts were lined up to welcome them.

“Prepare yourselves. We’re going with our original plan,” said Long Chen.

Everyone got to work, inserting countless crystals into the battleships. They then raised their attack power to the maximum.

“Brother Qin Yu, I am sorry to make you personally welcome me. Today, I’ll give you a big gift. Please kindly accept it.” Long Chen suddenly imitated Weng Taibei’s voice and shouted to the capital.

That elder called Qin Yu was their Empire Lord. As it was his first time being called brother by Weng Taibei, he felt moved. “Empire Lord Weng, for you to personally come, I… I… what the fuck?!”

Qin Yu was in the midst of saying some courteous words when he was shocked to find that the battleships seemed to have gone out of control and were barreling toward him.