Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4033 Supreme Dragon Might

The entire world was cut apart by this saber, and even the starry sky above the nine heavens looked like a painting that had been slashed into two.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

This was not Split the Heavens nor any other techniques, simply pure power.

However, this one swing contained Long Chen’s full heart and spirit, binding the corporeal and incorporeal power in his body together. It had already been a long time since he had used his saber.

When this attack was unleashed, Long Chen instantly comprehended something. In truth, there was no need for him to meticulously control the merger of corporeal and incorporeal.

He simply needed a merger point for the two powers, and this merger point was his saber.

Although the Dragon Soul Body Forging Art came from the dragon race, in Long Chen’s hands, it had been altered, so it could be considered Long Chen’s unique divine ability.

Long Chen had no dragon horns, but he did have his martial weapons. When Yin and Yang, movement and stillness, pure and impure merged into the saber, everything became bright and clear.

It couldn’t be blamed on Long Chen for not thinking of this possibility. After all, the dragon race simply didn’t use any weapons. Every part of their bodies was their strongest weapon.

As a result, when the dragon expert transmitted the Dragon Soul Body Forging Art, it also instilled the principle that the body was the strongest weapon. That was why Long Chen’s thinking had been limited.

Now that he used the Minghong Saber, when his power merged into it, countless runes lit up. It didn’t just illuminate this world in harsh light but also illuminated Long Chen’s path forward.

The saber slashed down with unhurried grace, yet it gave the enemy no chance to dodge. This strike did not just lock down Liao Bencang but also seemed to encompass all of heaven and earth, capable of destroying the entire world, including Liao Bencang in it.

In that instant, everyone felt a terrifying murderous aura lock onto them, and their hearts pounded in their ears.

“Using my name, I summon all lives! All lives are my power! All lives are mine!” Liao Bencang began to chant. As he did, the giant divine statue behind him lit up, and three flowers condensed on top of it. The countless small statues then sent threads of milky light into the main statue.

“He’s gambling all of his faith energy? Has Liao Bencang really been forced to this extent by an Immortal King?!”

It had to be known that faith energy was terrifying, but once depleted, its replenishment was a slow and gradual process. Moreover, this accumulation was not something that could be done in just a few years or even decades; rather, it required tens of millions of years of pure devotion.

This was both the strong point of god cultivators and also their weakness. If they lacked faith energy, they would not be able to advance.

Liao Bencang was at the peak of the World King realm, merely a single step from being a Divine Venerate. According to normal standards, after a few more years, his faith energy would reach the absolute peak, and he would be able to advance.

However, now that he was using up this much faith energy, even if he did kill Long Chen, his path to advancing had just stretched forward limitlessly. The price was steep.

Thus, when they saw all of Liao Bencang’s statues light up, those Divine Venerates were shocked. It seemed that Long Chen’s saber was even more terrifying than it appeared.

Endless faith energy flowed on top of Liao Bencang’s sword. As it swung through the air, its divine light formed a crescent moon slash.

Within that light, it was possible to see countless figures piously kneeling and praying. Those were Liao Bencang’s followers. After that, his sword sliced forward with unmatched divine might.

“I have billions and billions of followers! As for you, you are just a destitute brat with no background at all! What can you possibly use to fight me?!” roared Liao Bencang.

Liao Bencang was furious and aggrieved, but Long Chen’s saber was so powerful that it caused his golden fate lines to shake. This signified that this saber had the power to kill him, leaving him with no option but to unleash his full power. Liao Bencang had been close to advancing to become a Divine Venerate, but this attack would set him back for an extra hundred years.

“I suppose all that you’re capable of is conning a bunch of brainless fools. No matter how destitute I am, I would disdain doing that. Billions and billions of followers won’t change your fate of being slain by me,” said Long Chen.

BOOM!

Saber and sword finally met. The moment they did, the laws of the world shattered, turning the originally clear world into a mass of chaos.

The surrounding three-flower Earth Venerates had long since summoned their defenses, but they were still blown back, their Blood Qi flipping inside of them. Some of their heads even cracked, and their Yuan Spirits were almost shaken to death.

This was a world-shaking blow, one with enough power to throw the laws of the world into chaos. Hence, countless spatial cracks spread far and wide, looking like the gaping maws of monsters that wanted to devour this world.

Power gushed out as their divine weapons locked against each other. Within this explosion of power, people saw Long Chen pressing down on Liao Bencang, their weapons quivering, roaring, and howling.

“What?!”

People were shocked to see that even after using all of his faith energy, Liao Bencang was only capable of fighting evenly against Long Chen.

No, it couldn’t be considered even. That was because Long Chen was the one pressing down. As for the space behind Liao Bencang, it was constantly crumbling and collapsing. Long Chen had clearly taken the advantage.

All the three-flower Earth Venerates here had assumed that Liao Bencang’s attack would kill Long Chen or at the very least leave him mortally wounded. They were well aware of just how terrifying faith energy could be.

It was a power that caused despair. Even though they were three-flower Earth Venerates, they all knew that once Liao Bencang went all-out, they would not be able to stop him.

However, Long Chen’s saber was actually pressing down on him. This scene was unbelievable to them.

Devoid of any technique, it was the most primitive clash of brute power. Who was strong and who was weaker was instantly revealed. As sword and saber clashed, they emitted ear-piercing explosive sounds and blinding sparks like stars exploding.

One ripple after another spread from the epicenter. Those were ripples of death that scoured heaven and earth.

At this moment, Long Chen’s divine ring quivered. The giant dragon image inside of it raged and roared, unleashing endless power. Suddenly, the divine ring brightened and a majestic dragon cry rang out. This was a sound that blew apart clouds, a sound that could split rocks. It was different from the previous dragon cry, as it seemed to come from an ancient world, having pierced through time immemorial to reach the present.

BOOM!

The impact caused heaven and earth to tremble, while golden radiance bloomed. Liao Bencang suddenly coughed up blood, and his divine statues became covered in cracks.

“What?!” In that instant, countless people’s eyes bulged in disbelief.