Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4067 Rapid Refinement

Just heating up the cauldron already took half a month, so now Long Chen directly started on refining Immortal King Pills. Although the ingredients for the pills were precious, the refinement difficulty wasn’t particularly high. Thus, they could only be considered a bit above average among the mainstream pills.

As for why Long Chen refined them, well, it was his first time using the Earth Cauldron to refine pills. He didn’t know what the results would be, so he chose the simple Immortal King Pill.

With the cauldron warming complete, Long Chen tossed the medicinal pills inside the cauldron and started refining them into powders.

“What?!”

However, as soon as Long Chen started, he jumped up.

“How is this happening?!”

To the side, Yu Qingxuan, who was standing guard, was also stunned. The ingredients that Long Chen had tossed into the Earth Cauldron directly vanished, and not even the ashes remained.

Yu Qingxuan and Long Chen exchanged a look. As alchemy masters, they had never seen such a thing.

Long Chen tossed more medicinal ingredients, and this time, he saw it clearly. The ingredients instantly melted and were absorbed by the Earth Cauldron.

“Long Chen, do you need to sacrifice enough ingredients to the Earth Cauldron before you can start refining pills?” theorized Yu Qingxuan.

“Perhaps that’s the case.”

Long Chen began to toss in the medicinal ingredients. At first, it was just a few at a time, but then he started tossing in giant batches.

By the end, Long Chen tossed medicinal ingredients out of the primal chaos space like they were garbage, while Yu Qingxuan fed them to the Earth Cauldron.

Every single one of these ingredients was incredibly precious, and anyone else would die from the pain of losing them all. Fortunately, Long Chen didn’t care. He had as many of these precious medicinal ingredients as he needed.

Devil Eye Water Lilies, Divine Whisker Daffodils, Dragon Star Grass—they were tossed out like common grass.

Long Chen decided to see just which was greater, the number of medicinal ingredients he had, or the amount that the Earth Cauldron wanted. If it had the appetite, then it could eat them all.

Seeing this scene, Yu Qingxuan grew numb. She was unable to imagine just how many medicinal ingredients Long Chen had. A full two hours later, they had tossed around a three-thousand-mile mountain of medicinal ingredients inside the Earth Cauldron.

There was no way to calculate the value of these precious ingredients. In any case, Yu Qingxuan had never seen so many ingredients in her lifetime.

Finally, a touch of brown light came from the Earth Cauldron, and the medicinal ingredients that Long Chen tossed in stopped vanishing without a trace.

It seemed as if the Earth Cauldron was finally full. As for the primal chaos space’s enormous medicinal field, it was now almost barren.

In order to rapidly restore it, Long Chen tossed another immemorial corpse onto the black soil. Just like that, the medicinal ingredients rapidly proliferated again.

Long Chen finally began to formally refine pills and tossed medicinal ingredients into the Earth Cauldron. Those ingredients instantly melted, and in the blink of an eye, turned into powders.

Yu Qingxuan let out a startled cry. Refining the ingredients into powders was the first step of refining a pill. It looked simple, but in truth, the purity of the medicinal powders directly correlated with the final quality of the pill.

Once the refinement of an ingredient was complete and it was turned into powder, the purity of the powder was set. No matter how many impurities remained, you could only use it or throw it away. There could be no second refinement, otherwise, as you got rid of the impurities, you would also get rid of the essence of the ingredient.

Yu Qingxuan was an alchemy master, so she could instantly tell that these medicinal powders were of the utmost purity, something that should be impossible in practice.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

No matter how great your flame control was, there would always be the slightest bit of impurity in the end. It was unavoidable as removing any further impurity would always damage the essence of the end product. It was the so-called essence and dregs being one.

The only way to remove those impurities was to remove them further along in the refinement process, driving them out step by step. However, the greatest goal was to preserve the essence of the medicinal pill.

To their surprise, these powders that Long Chen had just refined got no impurities at all. This defied the common knowledge of the alchemy world.

“Could it be…?”

Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan suddenly thought of a possibility.

Long Chen grew excited. Was this why the Earth Cauldron consumed so many ingredients? Did the Earth Cauldron consume countless medicinal ingredients to turn itself into the nourishing grounds for medicinal pills? When the pill refinement started, the cauldron absorbed the impurities and the essence that came with it to restore its own energy.

Just because alchemists were incapable of something didn’t mean that this pill cauldron was incapable of it. Thus, Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan were stunned but also delighted. They saw another path of alchemy before them.

Previously, they had only been caring about their own alchemy techniques, not relying on the pill furnace. But this powerful Earth Cauldron showed them another way to develop their alchemy skills.

Long Chen then fed more medicinal ingredients into the Earth Cauldron, and they were instantly turned into powders without Long Chen even needing to do anything. Everything was simple.

After the medicinal powders were refined, drawing them together, merging them, and closing the lid all went smoothly. There was almost no need for Long Chen to do anything.

However, during the actual pill refinement, the Earth Cauldron’s runes lit up. As Long Chen’s hand was on the Earth Cauldron’s lid, his essence, qi, and spirit were absorbed by the Earth Cauldron.

Long Chen jumped in shock. In all his years, it was his first time encountering such a thing. In all his previous refinements, hadn’t it been Spiritual Strength that was necessary? Usually, alchemists would use Spiritual Strength to draw in the power of heaven and earth, awakening the spirit of the pill. Why did it now require his essence, qi, and spirit?

Suddenly, the dome of the heavens shook as tribulation clouds gathered. Yu Qingxuan cried out, “The pill hasn’t even formed, but the tribulation clouds have already come?!”

In the immortal world, only golden pills were qualified to summon heavenly tribulation clouds. Spirit pills and treasure pills were not qualified by the Heavenly Daos to unleash such a thing.

However, even if there was heavenly tribulation, it would only occur when the golden pill formed and unleashed its powerful aura. That would then be sensed by the Heavenly Daos, and they would unleash heavenly tribulation.

Unlike usual, the pill had yet to condense, but the tribulation clouds had descended. This phenomenon was something that Yu Qingxuan had never seen before.

Gradually, more tribulation clouds gathered, covering the Ghost Ship. Clearly, the heavens did not care about a Ghost Ship. They would strike down even a Ghost Ship if they had to.

Just then, the Earth Cauldron suddenly opened, and nine pillars of light shot into the sky.

The brilliant golden light left Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan speechless. “Top grade golden pills. Nine top grade golden pills!”

It had to be known that Yu Qingxuan was capable of refining top grade golden pills. In fact, she had even refined a peerless grade golden pill. However, that was something that relied partially on luck.

Perhaps not a single top grade golden pill would appear in a hundred of Yu Qingxuan’s refinements. However, Long Chen had refined nine of them at once. They then looked at the beautiful lines swirling around the golden pill, feeling like they were dreaming.

BOOM!

Just then, the tribulation clouds rumbled, and wild lightning crashed down like millions of lightning serpents at the nine golden pills.