Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4080 Endless Treasure Lands

Unaware that a terrifying opponent had set his sights on him, Long Chen soared through the sky aimlessly with everyone.

Their battle with the Ninth Elder had bolstered their confidence. Within the expanse of the Nirvana Overflow Heaven, only when you could fight against Heaven Venerates could you travel safely.

Besides that, having Uncle Tree’s protection made them fearless even in a place teeming with Heaven Venerates like the Nirvana Overflow Heaven. Long Chen also felt rejoiced to have coincidentally stumbled upon Uncle Tree. Otherwise, taking a single step inside the Nirvana Overflow Heaven would be challenging.

Through this battle, Guo Ran and Xia Chen were in a rush to remake the runes of Guo Ran’s armor. His armor needed to be upgraded, or the power of the Dragonblood warriors would cause it to explode.

As for Long Chen, he was starting to feel anxious. He wanted to increase his cultivation base, so his power would once more soar. But the dragon expert didn’t let him. It just told him to wait and train in the Dragon Soul Body Forging Art.

Today, Long Chen and the others arrived in an ancient human city. This was the biggest city that he had found in their three days of travel.

Here, Long Chen finally found the Huayun Trading Company. After showing his status plate, they were all warmly welcomed.

Under the protection of the Huayun Trading Company, they could rest for a while. Just as Long Chen expected, in the Nirvana Overflow Heaven, all the major forces were essentially led by Heaven Venerates.

An Earth Venerate, even a three-flower one, was unable to maintain order in this place. Likewise, the Huayun Trading Company’s overseer here was also a Heaven Venerate.

However, to their surprise, he didn’t have any of the air of a Heaven Venerate. He was both pale and plump, looking just like a rich family’s leader, but he was very humble and polite.

Long Chen had essentially found a safe resting spot here, so from here, Long Chen started to investigate the Nirvana Overflow Heaven.

There really was nothing for Long Chen to complain about when it came to the Huayun Trading Company. In a bit, they provided him with all their information on the Nirvana Overflow Heaven.

When Long Chen flipped through this information, he couldn’t help sucking in a cold gasp of air. The distribution and relationships of the powers in the Nirvana Overflow Heaven were even more complicated than he had expected.

In this place, the human race was a minority, so it was difficult for them to survive in this place.

Within this heaven, ancient relics from the immemorial era were scattered all over the place, and some races even had bloodlines that could be traced back to the primal chaos era. Due to the diverse and extensive nature of these bloodlines, the term “demonic beasts”, which encompassed a single race in the Violet Flame Heaven, had to be split into the demon race and the beast race within this domain. Regrettably, their relationships were far from friendly. In fact, large-scale battles often erupted between these two factions.

The Nirvana Overflow Heaven was enormous, containing countless star-fields. Within some of these star-fields, the walls of the heavens were so weak that it was possible to connect channels to other worlds.

As a result, there were star-fields led by the Netherworld, the Ghost Dao lifeforms, and the devil race. A lot of races even established their own world in the Nirvana Overflow Heaven.

Furthermore, the devil race had many branches as well, and they often had misunderstandings between them that led to battle. The Blood race, Shadow race, Night race—there were countless ancient races with their own foundations here.

To sum it up, the Nirvana Overflow Heaven was filled with complex relationships between power. It wasn't solely the human race that lacked unity within this domain; the other races experienced similar discord.

On top of that, the relationships between races were even more complex. Some races looked friendly on the surface but honed their blades behind their backs.

As for some other races, they fought for countless years, only to merge and unite against other races.

Long Chen looked through this history and instantly got a headache. The relationships between the powers in the Nirvana Overflow Heaven were all complicated.

However, after a moment, he noticed that the majority of these conflicts were based on resources. If two enemies could find profit by joining forces, they could easily unite. But without profit, they would be hostile.

There was so much information that Long Chen couldn’t possibly go through it all in one go. Moreover, this was only information from the current era. Anyway, something that was so far in the past that it couldn’t be traced was not that useful.

After getting a general understanding of this place, Long Chen started studying the forbidden lands in the Nirvana Overflow Heaven. When he did that, his eyes lit up.

The Nirvana Overflow Heaven had many forbidden areas, and a significant portion of them weren’t controlled by anyone. Therefore, many of their entrances lay open for exploration, unhindered by cultivation levels, welcoming countless adventurers who dared to step in.

However, most of the time, the adventurers that entered never came out. Of course, a small number of them were fortunate enough to come out, carrying treasures that made others greedy.

There were unmatched cultivation techniques from the immemorial era, undying divine medicines that caused even Heaven Venerates to grow greedy, divine weapons with shocking origins, or even beast eggs from the desolate era.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

These forbidden lands were so dangerous that no power was willing to stand guard over them. The treasures might be shocking, but the gains were not proportional to the danger.

As for the ones that were already occupied, they were comparatively safer. But of course, anyone who could occupy such a territory had to have immense power and had to maintain their top condition at all times.

As soon as any power declined, there was no need for anyone to attack them. They would immediately retreat to avoid being targeted.

In the Nirvana Overflow Heaven, major forces could be replaced with new powers very quickly. One power might soar like a shooting star and could also be destroyed overnight. A power with hundreds of thousands, or even millions of years of history, was not impervious. Even such major powers had to be wary of being wiped out.

The treasure lands that those powers occupied were sometimes of little interest. They refused to give them up though, feeling like it would be a pity.

Hence, there were many treasure lands with plenty of treasures, but they could only be seen, not taken. Anyone who made the attempt to do so would die.

Throughout history, it was unknown just how many major powers had taken the gamble to try taking a treasure, only to suffer such hideous losses that they were forced to retreat. Their enemies then took advantage of their losses to wipe them out. In the end, not only did they lose their treasure land, but they also lost their lives.

Thus, these treasure lands were a double-sided blade. If managed properly, they were good things. If not, they led to calamity.

Some sects would send groups of people into treasure lands every year, but it was always limited in scope. Every time, the worst-case scenario was always considered. Even if all those people died inside, it wouldn’t affect the sect’s overall power.

Some sects would even publicly invite outsiders who were unafraid of death to go through their treasure lands.

If they could leave alive, then they simply needed to split a portion of whatever treasures they obtained inside. However, oftentimes, anyone who brought out any real treasures simply vanished after coming out…

In any case, treasure lands were a great deal of trouble to look after. It was like a cat standing guard over a large fish. The cat wanted to eat the fish, but it didn’t have the teeth to do so.

The worrisome thing was that they had to guard against other greedy forces, as well as others who managed to consume their fish and evolve to a new level. Those stronger forces might then devour them.

Thus, the Nirvana Overflow Heaven was a cruel world filled with dangers. Every lifeform was standing on edge, as if death would come for them at any moment.

“Damn, there are so many treasure lands! Mo Nian has probably long since gotten to work!”

When he read this, a face with a wretched smile instantly appeared in Long Chen’s mind.