Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4096 Lending a Hand

“Go ahead.”

Long Chen spoke cautiously. His intuition told him that what Xu Changchuan wanted to ask him was not something minor.

Although the two hadn’t known each other for a long time, Long Chen knew just how prideful Xu Changchuan was, so he wouldn’t ask for help lightly.

“I hope brother Long can lend me a hand and help me claim the position of successor,” said Xu Changchuan. “Of course, I won’t ask you to help me for nothing. Although my situation isn’t good now, I still have a chance. If brother Long helps me, once I claim the position of successor, I will give you the full support of my Fullmoon race. In terms of power, the Fullmoon race is not weaker than your human race’s Eternal clans. As long as I am present, the Fullmoon race will always support you. Other than that, my Fullmoon race comes from a life-forbidden area, which is filled with countless worlds lost in the immemorial era. You can explore them.”

“Life-forbidden area!”

Xia Chen and the others were startled. They had heard of these places. Legend had it that these areas were spatial cracks left behind from the primal chaos battle before the collapse of the nine heavens.

Although these cracks had gradually healed over countless years, there were still areas where life could not enter. Legend said that the majority of the immemorial era’s inheritances were buried in these regions. There were countless pathways inside that led to unknown worlds.

So, it could be said that the entire life-forbidden area was a treasure trove. Regretfully, the human race was not permitted there. As soon as they got close, their longevity would be devoured.

Even so, some lifeforms had special talents that allowed them to live in those life-forbidden areas, and the Fullmoon race was one of them.

Furthermore, there existed not only one life-forbidden area. Instead, it resembled an extensive fracture winding through the expanse of the nine heavens and ten lands, with many branches coming off of it. Like the veins of a leaf, it spanned the entire world.

Long Chen had gone from the Darklight Heaven to the Violet Flame Heaven, and then crossed the heavenly river to come to the Nirvana Overflow Heaven. So, he could be said to have faced and survived countless dangers. But none of them could compare to the life-forbidden areas, where their paths could lead anywhere.

When Xu Changchuan brought up this possibility, Long Chen was moved. If he had a path through the life-forbidden areas, then all the nine heavens and ten lands could be freely traveled, and gathering the Dragonblood Legion would be much easier.

“I don’t know why you left the High Firmament Academy, but I know you need to establish your own force. The life-forbidden area is your best choice,” said Xu Changchuan, looking at Guo Ran, Xia Chen, and the others.

Long Chen nodded. “That’s true. I do need a place to stay. The life-forbidden area seems like the best choice. But tell me, what kind of help do you need from me?”

Long Chen knew that Xu Changchuan had to be in a difficult position, or he would never ask for aid. After all, they were both in the Immortal King realm, and for him to ask Long Chen for aid was admitting that he was inferior to Long Chen. For someone as prideful as him, that had to be difficult.

“I only need you to think of a way to break through my enemies’ blockade and send me to the Fullmoon race,” said Xu Changchuan.

“That’s it? Just what kind of trouble did you encounter?” asked Long Chen. The current Xu Changchuan was unable to return to his own home?

“It’s a long story…”

Xu Changchuan didn’t hold back and directly told Long Chen what he was up to. He told Long Chen that he was one of five top candidates vying for the position of successor of the Fullmoon race.

In terms of talent, Xu Changchuan was the weakest of the five. However, he also had a particular latent talent. By pairing up with a metal attribute female expert, his latent talent could be triggered, and he could awaken his ancestral divine abilities.

After Xu Changchuan noticed this latent talent, he searched everywhere for a suitable metal attribute partner. In the end, he found the High Firmament Academy’s Bai Shishi.

However, Bai Shishi always ignored him. At first, he felt that he could end up with Bai Shishi by relying on his looks and talent. But after Long Chen appeared, that dream was shattered. Despite this setback, he displayed remarkable decisiveness. He refrained from quarreling with Long Chen and promptly withdrew, searching for someone else.

Perhaps it was the heavens looking after him, but he really did find a powerful metal attribute female cultivator who was even more suited to him.

Bai Shishi’s metal energy possessed a sharp characteristic, giving it greater killing power but not as much nourishing power. On the other hand, the companion that Xu Changchuan found possessed thick metal energy. In terms of sharpness, she was inferior to Bai Shishi, but in terms of the thickness of her power, she was even greater than Bai Shishi. Furthermore, her metal energy possessed a nourishing effect.

Xu Changchuan then put in a great deal of effort to finally manage to succeed in his pursuit of that woman. After the two underwent dual cultivation, Xu Changchuan’s cultivation base soared. Now, he was just one step from awakening a three-color manifestation and becoming a Supreme genius.

However, it was then that the selection for the position of successor was announced. With no time to advance that far, he hastily set off.

Regrettably, what he hadn’t expected was that news of his collaboration with a metal cultivator had been leaked to the other candidates, and they actually sent killers to intercept him on his way back. They were not planning on letting him participate in the selection.

Fortunately, one of his uncles had gone to bring him back and managed to save him. But the two were still pursued. In the end, if it weren’t for Long Chen showing up in time, Xu Changchuan would have faced a miserable end.

To use Xu Changchuan’s words, the reason the other candidates wanted to kill him was because as soon as he returned to the Fullmoon race, they would have no chance to win.

After all, he had awakened the Fullmoon race’s strongest manifestation, possessing limitless potential. The Fullmoon race would definitely give him the position of successor.

Thus, the others didn’t want him to get back. If he couldn’t make it in time, the position of successor would be given to someone else. After that, he would essentially be crippled.

Although he had awakened the Fullmoon race’s strongest manifestation, without the support of the Fullmoon race’s ancestral energy, there was no way he could undergo the final transformation.

Thus, Xu Changchuan found himself in a state of panic. At that very moment, Long Chen's sudden appearance was akin to another lifeline for him. Overwhelmed by the urgency of the situation, he cast aside any concerns for his pride and urgently implored Long Chen for assistance.

“As long as you can protect the young master until he reaches the life-forbidden area, the Fullmoon race will not forget what you did. You will be our esteemed ally then,” said the Heaven Venerate beside Xu Changchuan.

As a member of the senior generation, he knew just how terrifying Xu Changchuan’s potential was. That was why he had protected Xu Changchuan with all his power. Protecting him was protecting the future of the Fullmoon race.

“Does your Fullmoon race have other allies?” asked Long Chen.

“Yes? What about it?” asked Xu Changchuan.

“That might be troublesome. The ones who wish to kill you might not just be members of your Fullmoon race,” said Long Chen.

Hearing this, Xu Changchuan and the Heaven Venerate shook, and their expressions instantly changed. They thought of the worst possible scenario.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"If that is the case... I have no choice but to accept my fate. Returning to the Fullmoon race is no longer an option," Xu Changchuan's complexion turned ashen. He appeared devoid of vitality, almost as if his very soul had departed.

If Long Chen’s conjectures held true, then since the other side dared to so brazenly hunt him down, they must be prepared to use their full effort to stop him. So, even with Long Chen’s help, it would be useless.

“Why accept fate?” Long Chen smiled.

“Brother Long, you…” Xu Changchuan raised his head with surprise and delight.