Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4116 : Ninth Heavenstage Immortal King

BOOM!

Long Chen’s aura erupted, akin to a flood that had breached the dam and overflowed the dikes, breaking through all restrictions.

“What…?!”

This time, even Guo Ran and the others were stunned. Long Chen had just broken through to the second Heavenstage. However, in just a short moment, he broke through again to the third Heavenstage?

BOOM!

Trying to get used to his new power, Long Chen directly slew a Heaven Venerate creature with his saber. After advancing to the third Heavenstage, he felt like his Blood Qi was erupting and the newfound power coursed through his veins.

Long Chen felt great admiration for the dragon expert at this moment. Now, he understood the true meaning of accumulating for a great eruption.

During this time, Long Chen’s realm had been advancing very slowly, resulting in his entire body feeling a strong thirst to break through. As a result, there was practically no need for Long Chen to do anything. His bottleneck automatically broke through, and his body stabilized his realm. At the same time, his Blood Qi, his bones and tendons, and his soul were all being uplifted.

It was like a group of builders with no materials to build. Without the materials, they had been forced to pause their construction for a long time, to the extent that any longer and they would starve to death. Now that the materials came, they worked with their lives on the line.

Even after breaking through two levels, Long Chen’s aura was still completely steady, without the slightest sign of becoming shallow. As Long Chen fought, he stuffed his mouth with medicinal pills.

Others ate precious medicinal pills one by one, but Long Chen was stuffing himself as fast as possible, consuming hundreds in one go. Even Xu Jianxiong was astounded by the sight. He was worried that Long Chen might make himself explode with that much energy.

At this time, the dark domain lord that Xu Jianxiong had forced back once more returned. Seeing it, Long Chen roared and slashed the Minghong Saber at it.

Sparks and divine light flew about upon their clash. People could see countless saber-images flying through the air, but they were unable to see a trace of Long Chen and the dark domain lord. Their speed was simply so fast that the onlookers’ eyes couldn’t track them.

Xu Jianxiong watched from the side, ready to save Long Chen at any moment. At such a high level battle, even he didn’t dare to be the slightest bit careless.

In truth, watching Long Chen fight the dark domain lord was very taxing to Xu Jianxiong. The main thing was that he was afraid of the slightest mishap, as it could cause Long Chen to lose his life.

Still, weariness was but a passing sensation. Long Chen’s rate of improvement left the race leader utterly astonished. He knew that as long as Long Chen kept working with his life on the line, he would continuously draw out his bottomless potential.

Long Chen blocked the dark domain lord’s attacks for a full incense stick’s worth of time, and all of a sudden, his aura broke through all restrictions once again. He successfully soared into the fourth Heavenstage of the Immortal King realm.

After reaching the fourth Heavenstage, his aura was even stronger. His Blood Qi, bones and tendons, and soul once more reached a new level.

This time, Long Chen forced himself to the point that he was drenched in sweat, and after a full hour, he finally couldn’t endure any longer and retreated.

When Long Chen fell back, Xu Jianxiong actually didn’t need to do anything, as the dark domain lord also retreated. Clearly, it had exhausted itself fighting Long Chen, and so it went to recover its energy.

“Boss is mighty!”

Guo Ran and the others cheered excitedly when they saw the sweaty Long Chen.

Long Chen gasped for air, but being able to fight to his heart’s content made him feel incredibly content.

Still, after fighting for an hour, after countless swings of saber, he was on the verge of collapse, so he rested for a bit.

“Boss, now you have the power to challenge domain lords on your own!” praised Xia Chen.

Long Chen glared at him. “No one flatters people like that. The only reason I could last so long was because at close range, it wasn’t able to unleash its divine abilities. If it fought the way it fought against Uncle Xiong, I wouldn’t be able to last even three exchanges before running out of energy. The reason we were able to slay the previous dark domain lord was mostly because its body had accumulated many hidden wounds in its many battles with Uncle Xiong. Otherwise, with our power, killing it would cost us something.”

Long Chen knew that he had grown a great deal in this short period, but he still knew his limits. He wasn’t so arrogant as to think he could fight a dark domain lord alone.

When he fought against it at close range, they were competing in speed and reactions. But if he were to make some distance between them, it would unleash its ultimate moves, and then Long Chen would have no chance of beating it. Its power was far more terrifying than they thought.

Long Chen warned his companions, as he didn’t want them to underestimate their enemies. Otherwise, if they were to make a mistake, it would be fatal.

Since the Dragonblood warriors were in the midst of rapidly growing, from time to time, Long Chen needed to give their confidence a blow to avoid them getting arrogant.

During the next few days, Long Chen entered a period of crazy growth. Medicinal pills were constantly being stuffed into his mouth, as he fought with the dark domain lord every day.

As Long Chen’s techniques and movements grew more refined, the dragon blood in his body gradually condensed a new rune.

The dragon expert told Long Chen that this was a special rune of the dragon race that had never appeared in a human before. But as Long Chen fought in the Dragon King Battle Armor and constantly challenged his limits, he managed to awaken this rune.

However, while Long Chen’s movements sped up, his dragon blood energy was being rapidly used up, which meant that he couldn’t fight for long. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

At most, he was only able to last for an hour before his dragon blood energy ran out. Even so, the appearance of this new rune caused his speed to continuously rise to the extent that he was entirely capable of keeping up with the dark domain lord.

Three days later, Long Chen reached the fifth Heavenstage, and a week later, he broke through into the sixth Heavenstage.

A month later, his cultivation base was firmly hanging in the ninth Heavenstage, causing all the Fullmoon race’s experts to be dumbfounded. They had never seen such monstrous cultivation speed before.

Most importantly, even as his aura rose so crazily, there was no sign of it becoming superficial or unstable, so his foundation was still extremely solid. This aspect practically toppled their understanding of the world.

Long Chen was like a monster. Now, he was entirely capable of fighting the dark domain lord with ultimate techniques instead of close-range combat. With Xu Jianxiong’s protection, he was able to last a certain amount of time.

Although he still wasn’t a match for the dark domain lord, he was no longer completely suppressed by it. The increase in realm gave him immense confidence.

The Dragonblood warriors had also grown during this time, having reached the peak of the Immortal King realm. However, the person to undergo the greatest transformation was actually Xu Jianxiong.

His aura had clearly changed, as primal chaos qi began to swirl around his body, transforming his manifestation. His fights with the dark domain lords had clearly profited him.

On this day, Long Chen was fighting the dark domain lord like usual when its aura suddenly swelled. At the same time, the golden runes on its body all ignited.

“What technique is this?!” Long Chen was startled. Even after fighting against it for so long, he had never seen this particular technique before.

“Fall back! It’s detonating!” shouted Xu Jianxiong. Hearing this, Long Chen and the others retreated, while Xu Jianxiong stabbed his bone spear at the dark domain lord. Uncle Tree also summoned his defenses.

BOOM!

A heaven-shaking explosion tore this entire world asunder. The dark domain lord’s detonation sent forth huge qi waves that swept through the whole area.