Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4139: Who Is Scheming Against Who?

“What are you laughing about?!

Xue Qingkuang cried out furiously, channeling all of his power. He was ready to attack at any moment.

“I’m laughing about how I’m about to get that spear. What? Can I not laugh? Oh, what’s with that posture? You want to kill me? Are you an idiot? If you want to kill me, you should wait until I take out the spear!” Long Chen pointed at Xue Qingkuang suspiciously.

Xue Qingkuang instantly recovered. Afraid of Long Chen realizing the truth, he hastily said, “I thought that you were backing out of the deal. If you tricked me into handing over my race’s treasure, I would not let you run off.”

“Tch, Boss Long San doesn’t provoke trouble but also isn’t afraid of it. Against someone in the same realm, when have I ever run?” said Long Chen disdainfully.

Long Chen then put away the immortal metals. Keeping the Heaven Merging Blood Lotus Seed in his hand, he walked back onto the Great Desolate Winged Devil’s corpse.

At this time, Xue Qingkuang and the Blood Devil race’s leader both grew anxious. They couldn’t stop their hearts from pounding nervously.

In truth, if Xue Qingkuang was capable of walking to the spear, the Blood Devil race would have long since given the lotus seed to him. However, the pressure here was just too great. Xue Qingkuang had tried it countless times but had been unable to get through the final barrier in front of the corpse, let alone actually step onto its body.

Furthermore, absorbing the devil curse would require getting close to the wound where its lingering resentment resided, as that was where the curse energy was most potent.

When Long Chen arrived in front of the spear, even the leader of the Blood Devil race tensed.

Buzz.

Suddenly, a scene appeared in front of Long Chen. It depicted the leader of the Blood Devil race giving instructions to Xue Qingkuang, replaying their entire conversation.

“What?!”

Both the race leader and Xue Qingkuang’s expressions completely changed. Their words were now made public, including how they had planned to scheme against Long Chen and kill them all.

As a result, an uproar exploded amongst the crowd. They had known that the Blood Devil race was not so foolish as to collude with Long Chen. They must have plotted something.

However, they didn’t know how Long Chen had managed to spy on their conversation and even record everything.

“Hehe, I just knew that you were scheming against me. Since you refuse my kindness, don’t blame me for taking everything,” chortled Long Chen.

That recording was thanks to Xia Chen’s formations. After all, Long Chen had long since known that these people would scheme against him, and the recording was not that far off from what he had guessed would happen.

Seeing that he was exposed, the Blood Devil race’s leader suddenly began to form hand seals. However, just as he started, he let out a furious cry.

That was because the Heaven Merging Blood Lotus Seed actually vanished from Long Chen’s hand. As a result, the race leader exploded with killing intent. He had actually lost his connection with the Heaven Merging Blood Lotus Seed.

“You are courting death!” Xue Qingkuang sneered. “The Heaven Merging Blood Lotus Seed possesses its own spatial energy and cannot be contained by spatial items. In fact, not even a minor world can contain it. Did you put it into your spiritual space? The blood devil rune will invade your soul, and you will quickly become a puppet of the Blood Devil race, hahaha!”

However, what Xue Qingkuang was unaware of was just how ugly the face of his race leader was. If Long Chen had really drawn it into his spiritual space, the race leader would have immediately activated the devil rune, taking control of Long Chen. However… the Heaven Merging Blood Lotus Seed had completely vanished. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Only now did the race leader realize that he had fallen for a trap. His scheming was already well within Long Chen’s plans. Now that he thought back, he realized that it had been a scam from the start.

“Hehe…. Hehe…!” Long Chen sat atop the Great Desolate Winged Devil’s corpse. He didn’t speak and just chortled at the confident Xue Qingkuang.

The Heaven Merging Blood Lotus Seed had taken root in the primal chaos space, manifesting its own blood-colored pool and rapidly growing.

Xue Qingkuang was also chortling, waiting for the blood runes to appear in Long Chen’s eyes. When that happened, Long Chen would become a puppet.

However, after a while of waiting, he realized that something was wrong. As nothing was happening, he looked back at the race leader, and only then did he see that the latter’s expression was extremely ugly.

Xue Qingkuang was dumbfounded. Looking at the furious race leader and then the smiling Long Chen, he finally realized that things had not gone according to plan.

“Long Chen, you dare to scam us?!” roared Xue Qingkuang.

“No, you were the ones who scammed me first. I wanted to collaborate with good intentions, but you wanted my life. You were the ones who broke our agreement, so I have the right to take your deposit. Well, now our contract is over, so we can go our separate ways safe and sound. Thank you!” Long Chen very courteously waved to him.

“Bullshit! You dare to scam us?! The Blood Devil race will not rest until you are dead!” roared Xue Qingkuang. He seemed to have gone insane.

It had to be known that the Heaven Merging Blood Lotus Seed was a priceless treasure of the Blood Devil race, and their race leader had mentioned that it would be his afterward. Now, as he found himself without any claim to the Heaven Merging Blood Lotus Seed, how could he not be enraged?

If it weren’t for the barrier up ahead, he’d have long since charged over to tear Long Chen to pieces.

“Since we can’t kill him, kill his subordinates first!” One of the Blood Devil race’s experts eyed the Dragonblood warriors.

“We welcome you! Come at us!”

Guo Ran directly beckoned them to come over as if he were begging them.

Guo Ran had his armor to protect his body, so he was under the least pressure. Seeing those devil experts, he had long since gotten itchy. However, he didn’t dare to attack first, as he didn’t want his boss to rebuke him.

Moreover, Xu Jianxiong had implored them not to fight if they didn’t have to. After all, they had to leave their trump cards for the Sage King Convention.

However, if these devil experts were to attack them, then they would have no choice but to fight back. If that happened, there was no one to blame.

“Come, heroes, take out your weapons! Don’t be afraid! Otherwise, you will be laughed at by countless people!” As if afraid that they wouldn’t come, Guo Ran just had to provoke them.

Seeing this, the Blood Devil race was shocked and enraged. When had they ever suffered such an insult? Thus, they clenched their weapons, ready to attack at any moment.

.

However, at this time, their race leader gloomily gave them a signal.

That was a signal to cool their heads; they couldn’t be impetuous. At this moment, Xue Qingkuang’s eyes were green with fury. If it weren’t for the race leader giving the signal, he would have started killing.

He clenched his teeth furiously but made no move. At this moment, he could only glare at Long Chen. That glare was like he wanted to bite him to death.

At this time, everyone’s gaze was on Long Chen. Having scammed the Blood Devil race out of so many treasures, was he planning on hiding in that place for a lifetime?

“Hehe, that’s right, youngsters shouldn’t have such a bad temper. Just look at me! Even though you schemed against me, I’m not angry at all!” Long Chen patted his butt as he rose, boasting shamelessly.

His words almost made Xue Qingkuang cough up blood. Why on earth would Long Chen be angry when he had pocketed so many treasures?

“Everyone, young and old, fellow countrymen, young and old, whether you came from the north or the south, don’t miss this chance now that you’re here! Today, I, Boss Long San, will show everyone how I personally take an Eternal divine weapon! Watch carefully! I’m going to use the primal chaos divine item, the Heaven Earth Cauldron!” announced Long Chen.

Hearing him mention the Heaven Earth Cauldron, everyone’s heart skipped a beat. Could it be that he really had the Heaven Earth Cauldron?