Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4140: Carrying On the Con

“What is he planning?! If he truly possesses the Heaven Earth Cauldron, why would he flaunt it like this?” The crowd was dumbfounded.

Before this, rumors had circulated that some fellow called Long Chen, who held the title of dean at the High Firmament Academy, was going around trying to scam people. They said that he displayed neither shame nor honor in any way.

At first, people half-believed the Soaring Dragon Company when they announced that Long Chen possessed the Heaven Earth Cauldron. However, when Long Chen himself openly admitted to owning the Heaven Earth Cauldron and declared his intention to sell it, a lot of people immediately branded him as a scammer.

Now, Long Chen had scammed the Blood Devil race out of their priceless treasures and said that he would expose the Heaven Earth Cauldron? Hearing this, everyone was dumbfounded. They could not understand what this fellow was thinking.

The next moment, a bronze cauldron materialized in Long Chen’s hand, its appearance steeped in antiquity as it was adorned with intricate carvings depicting the sun, moon, stars, mountains and plains, rivers, as well as flying birds and walking beasts.

Despite its rusty exterior, the cauldron’s ancient and desolate aura remained obvious, evoking a sense that it truly hailed from the distant primal chaos era. Confronted by this aura, the crowd felt like they had traversed through time, as if the very scent of the primal chaos era had enveloped them.

“What?!” Tremors surged through the hearts of the onlookers when they laid eyes on the cauldron.

Even Xu Jianxiong, Uncle Tree, and the others were stunned. So, Long Chen really did possess an ancient cauldron.

“Is this the legendary Heaven Earth Cauldron?”

“Who can say? No one has seen it before. It’s an item from the time of myths, and there’s no way to confirm whether it’s the real thing or not.”

That was true. The Heaven Earth Cauldron was called one of the ten great primal chaos divine items, but no one had ever seen their true bodies or any drawings of them. Since that was the case, there was no way to confirm whether it was the real thing or not.

“It doesn’t seem to be it. If that really is the Heaven Earth Cauldron, it would definitely cause some kind of heavenly manifestation. It wouldn’t just silently appear like this.”

“But the ancient cauldron’s rust truly emits the aura of primal chaos. There’s no way to fake that. Furthermore, look at the ripples forming around the cauldron. It’s the result of the power of time. This must be an exceedingly ancient item, something with a shockingly ancient age. Legend has it that the primal chaos divine items participated in the battle of the primal chaos era. However, when the nine heavens and ten lands shattered, the primal chaos divine items were also badly damaged, their item-spirits becoming dormant. So, it is possible that this passive-looking cauldron is the legendary Heaven Earth Cauldron.”

“If it really is the Heaven Earth Cauldron, would someone who could con the Blood Devil race really take it out?”

Countless people engaged in fervent discussions as they scrutinized the bronze cauldron. No matter what, some of them refused to believe that it was the fabled Heaven Earth Cauldron, yet they also couldn’t pick out any conclusive evidence either in favor or against this claim.

On the other hand, some people believed that this cauldron was indeed the Heaven Earth Cauldron. At first glance, they knew that it was an exceedingly ancient object. Its runes were profound, and it didn’t look like an object of the current era. Furthermore, the rust gave off the power of time, reinforcing the likelihood that it was an object from the primal chaos era.

“Friend, this bronze cauldron is too far. Can you let us see it more closely to make an evaluation?” asked an elder.

“Of course!”

To their surprise, Long Chen directly agreed.

“However, my treasures can’t be shown off for free. If you want to look, you have to pay a fee. I’m not greedy. One person only needs to pay a hundred thousand world king crystals. If there are a hundred thousand people willing to pay, I will hold an appraisal for all of you, letting you look at it and even touch it as you please. How’s that?” asked Long Chen with a smile.

Countless people immediately rolled their eyes. Did he think world king crystals grow on trees? Even a single one could already be exchanged for hundreds of thousands of immortal king crystals. Had he been driven crazy by greed?

“If there happens to be a local hero with deep pockets, they can also foot the bill for everyone else!” added Long Chen.

However, while Long Chen’s shout reached their ears, Long Chen couldn’t hear what they were talking about. He could only guess what they were saying by reading their lips.

Hearing Long Chen’s words, countless people shook their heads. This fellow was an expert scammer, and everyone was a bit afraid of being scammed again. If that cauldron really was the Heaven Earth Cauldron, it would be priceless; no money would be enough to buy it.

However, Long Chen was actually selling tickets to look at it? That made no sense. As the cauldron was extremely likely to be fake, no one was willing to take the risk.

Other than that, even if this Heaven Earth Cauldron was real, in this situation, no one dared to take it for themselves. Otherwise, once news of it spread, countless terrifying figures would come for them. In the end, they would only draw a calamity onto themselves. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Among the people in the surroundings were numerous experts, including race leaders, sect masters, and other distinguished figures. Thus, in the presence of the legendary name, Heaven Earth Cauldron, they were still able to maintain their rationality and resist the temptation.

Seeing no offers, Long Chen helplessly said, “Fine. I know that you think I’m a scammer. But you have to know, I really am very honest and trustworthy-”

“Bullshit!”

Xue Qingkuang couldn’t help it and cursed at him. After scamming them out of their treasures, this fellow still had the face to call himself honest and trustworthy?

Long Chen completely ignored his cursing, pretending not to hear as he continued, “I know that you won’t believe me, but even if you don’t, you should believe the Soaring Dragon Company. They will testify for me. When I obtained this cauldron, to tell the truth, I didn't even know its origins. It was they who helped me appraise it, and only then did I learn that this thing was worth money. After thinking about it, I realized that treasures should go to those with money. Thus, I am looking for a good home for it, a calm port, a sheltered harbor, a place where it can finally rest…”

Long Chen began to rattle on, but people didn’t even know what he was trying to say. Did he want to find a rich person to sell it for a high price? But why did he have to say it in such a roundabout manner? To stir up their emotions?

The longer he spoke, the more people looked at him scornfully. It seemed that they had decided that he was a scammer.

“Hey, why are you all looking at me like that? Are you doubting that this bronze cauldron is the legendary Heaven Earth Cauldron?” demanded Long Chen angrily.

“It’s not that we’re doubting you. We don’t believe you at all.”

An elder scoffed in the distance. He had originally started to believe it, but the more Long Chen spoke, the more he felt like it was fake.

Long Chen raged. “Hmph, after living for so many years, your eyes have gone blind. Useless things, I’ll show you the power of this bronze cauldron. You dare to doubt me? I also doubted it, but right now there’s no one from the Soaring Dragon Company to testify to it, so I’ll use this spear as proof!”

Long Chen suddenly formed hand seals. In the blink of an eye, flames surged forth, enshrouding the entirety of the Great Desolate Winged Devil. What followed next left the spectators in awe as Long Chen hoisted the bronze cauldron high and directed it toward the menacing spear.

“Is he-?!?!”

Countless people cried out in shock. This forthcoming attack would leave no room for doubt regarding the authenticity of the cauldron, dispelling any uncertainty once and for all.