Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4147: Who is Robbing Who?

That person had tribulation clouds above his head and was immersed in lightning, so they couldn’t see his face. But his body was too large for him to be a normal human.

His aura was concealed within the heavenly tribulation. Because of this, it was impossible to sense his aura clearly.

“How arrogant. You want to rob Boss Long San of his treasures? It’ll be up to whether you have that ability.” Long Chen snorted coldly.

“Since you refuse, don’t blame me for not being courteous!”

That lifeform suddenly shot straight toward Long Chen.

“Long Chen, watch out! He is undergoing tribulation! We don’t dare to get infected by that karma, or it will instantly become a Heaven Venerate tribulation!” warned Xu Jianxiong.

That lifeform only dared to be so arrogant because he knew that within the heavenly tribulation, Heaven Venerates wouldn’t dare to attack him.

“This kind of heavenly tribulation is nothing. I’ll deal with him!” Long Chen smiled. Stamping on the ground, he shot toward that lifeform, smashing a fist at him.

When the torrent of lightning was blasted away, it revealed a lifeform with long violet hair. His entire body was covered in scales that were adorned with lightning runes, making him look like he was clad in lightning battle armor. The same lightning runes also flickered within his eyes, giving off an oppressive light.

“That’s a Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander!”

The Fullmoon race’s elders cried out when they saw that lifeform’s true form. The Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander was an immemorial species with innate thunderforce, as well as explosive power that matched their tempers. The slightest spark could cause them to explode with fury.

They were famous for being terrifying. Unlike most other lifeforms, who faced tribulations only when breaking through major realms, the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander would undergo tribulation with every Heavenstage. Sometimes, even the mere awakening of a divine ability, without any realm advancement, could beckon down heavenly tribulation upon them.

It could be said that the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander was born and raised in heavenly tribulation, so their bodies were comparable to divine weapons.

After striking this person with his fist, Long Chen’s body swayed; a touch of shock appeared in his eyes. He hadn’t expected this person to be so powerful.

It had to be known that ever since he had reached an initial mastery of the Dragon Soul Body Forging Art and condensed the new Seven Star Battle Armor, he had never encountered anyone who could compete with him in terms of physical strength.

Even Heaven Venerates were a far cry from him without utilizing the power of laws. Thus, Long Chen hadn’t expected to run into some fellow with such a powerful body here.

Long Chen was shocked, but this Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander was even more taken aback. Long Chen's single punch sent his Blood Qi into turmoil, forcing him to stagger back several steps. He had never crossed paths with someone who could rival the sheer physical strength of his race.

“Big brother Long Chen, I want his scales! Those scales have lightning drawing runes! With them, I can constantly absorb the power of heavenly lightning for myself! Even eating and sleeping would be considered cultivating then!” exclaimed Lei Linger suddenly.

Hearing this, Long Chen was instantly enticed. Compared to Huo Linger, Lei Linger was more reserved, so something that could make her this excited had to be a priceless treasure.

“Hey, are you really planning on stealing my Heaven Earth Cauldron?” shouted Long Chen.

“If you don’t want to die, you’ll hand over the Heaven Earth Cauldron! Anything that my Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander race sets its sights on always becomes ours!” replied that person.

Although Long Chen’s power shocked him, it still wasn’t enough to scare him off. Hence, his tone was still exceedingly arrogant.

“Oh, it sounds like you’re quite tough!” exclaimed Long Chen.

“Cut the crap! Hand over the Heaven Earth Cauldron and I’ll spare your life!” shouted the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander impatiently.

“Since you’re so unreasonable, then I won’t have to feel any shame.” Long Chen shrugged. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“What does that mean?”

“You want my Heaven Earth Cauldron, and I want your hide. So, let’s see which one of us is tougher,” said Long Chen.

“Courting death!”

The Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander exploded with rage. Long Chen wanted to take his scales? As a result, all those scales instantly lit up, and his body suddenly expanded.

His already large body grew even larger, with arms thicker than an ordinary person's waist. When his muscles bulged all over him, lightning veins crisscrossed under his skin. At this moment, the power of his Blood Qi and lightning merged together.

BOOM!

With a furious roar, he shot toward Long Chen, the heavenly tribulation following him.

In response, golden dragon scales appeared on top of Long Chen’s body, and a majestic dragon cry rang out. Long Chen did not dare to be careless against this expert, so he directly summoned the Dragon King Battle Armor.

Following that, the heavenly tribulation actually exploded. His aura blasted it apart.

“Not good!” said the Fullmoon race’s experts. The reason this Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander was so difficult to deal with was precisely because of his heavenly tribulation. If the heavenly tribulation was provoked, they would be doomed.

By shattering the tribulation, Long Chen would anger the heavens, causing them to unleash even more terrifying lightning. If he went too far, no one would be able to save him.

BOOM!

The two of them exchanged a direct blow. As a result, that Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander grunted and was forced back a dozen steps, each step causing the void to explode and the earth to shatter.

He was shocked and enraged, having not expected Long Chen’s physical power to be so strong. He roared, “Bastard, you’re no human!”

“You’re the one who isn’t human! Your whole family isn’t human!” cursed Long Chen.

However, only after cursing did he realize that he had wrongly blamed this fellow. The latter was only saying that Long Chen wasn’t part of the human race because the human race couldn’t possess so much power. He wasn’t really insulting him.

At this moment, the void exploded and tribulation clouds poured through the cracks in the void. In an instant, the world darkened.

“Retreat!”

Xu Jianxiong’s expression changed, and he immediately ordered everyone to fall back. As Heaven Venerates, if they were drawn into this heavenly tribulation, it would be very troublesome. If that happened, only a few Immortal King disciples would be able to survive.

The range of the heavenly tribulation was now more than ten times greater than before, its aura gradually becoming darker and colder, filled with a will of annihilation.

With the change in the heavenly tribulation’s aura, rather than calling it a heavenly tribulation, it was now a heavenly punishment.

Heavenly tribulation was a kind of trial, while heavenly punishment was a death sentence. It was the Heavenly Daos being enraged and wanting to kill the offender.

“Hahaha, brat, you’re dead now! You’ve infuriated the heavenly tribulation! There’s no need for me to even do anything!” The Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander raised his head and laughed.

“What?!”

Long Chen suddenly flicked a finger, and a gust of wind blasted apart the tribulation clouds once more.

BOOM!

In an instant, the heavenly tribulation exploded with rage, summoning one giant lightning beast after another. When the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander saw those beasts, even he was stupefied.