Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4148: You’ve Got Blood in Your Stool

“Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamanders!”

The Fullmoon race’s experts cried out in shock. Those lightning beasts were all giant salamanders with long tails, and their violet pupils were like lanterns filled with lightning runes.

“Wow! You even brought out your ancestors?” Long Chen eyed those lightning beasts and then looked at his opponent.

“Bastard, you’ve infuriated the heavenly tribulation! The heroic spirits have descended to give you your divine punishment! I’ll watch how you die today!” roared the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander.

Those lightning beasts attacked both of them. One of them then opened its mouth and unleashed a sphere of lightning at Long Chen.

Seeing the attack, Long Chen was startled. Despite its huge body, its movements were nimble, causing its attack to appear right in front of Long Chen the moment it opened its mouth.

In response, wings spread on Long Chen’s back, and the lightning shot past Long Chen’s body like a sword, piercing through countless mountains.

On the other side, the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander fellow was attacked by three lightning beasts at once. He managed to dodge two of them, but not all three.

As a result, one of the lightning beasts’ tails whipped into him. With a heaven-shaking explosive sound, the tail exploded into a mass of lightning, and the impact caused that expert to hack up blood.

“You unfilial son, even your ancestors can’t bear to watch you. Accept your punishment!” Long Chen laughed.

“Idiot, my power is endless in the heavenly tribulation! As for you, we’ll see just how many moves you can last! I won’t even need to do anything!” scoffed the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander.

Just then, multiple lightning beasts attacked Long Chen at the same time. They were incredibly fast, and their power was explosive, enough to tear space constantly.

Seeing this scene, the Fullmoon experts jumped in shock. The power of these beasts was probably not inferior to ordinary Heaven Venerates. But most terrifying of all, hundreds and thousands of them were crazily assaulting the two of them. It was truly fatal. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Golden light burst out of Long Chen’s fists and feet as he fought barehanded against the lightning beasts. Each of his attacks would send a lightning beast tumbling back, but he was unable to destroy them.

Long Chen was taken aback. These lightning beasts possessed immense power, characterized not only by raw explosiveness but also a remarkable adaptability. This was different from Long Chen’s heavenly tribulations. It seemed that this was a specific feature of the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander race’s tribulations.

“Can it be that even heavenly tribulation can be bought? Do races like the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander have their own special tribulations?” As Long Chen fought, he was constantly thinking. He had experienced many tribulations with all its attributes, but he had not experienced such a tribulation before.

These lightning beasts seemed to be controlled by some kind of power. Their attacks were nimble, and they even knew how to cooperate, completely different from Long Chen’s chaotic fight against his own tribulations’ lightning beasts.

Just as he was thinking, that Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander expert hacked up blood, which then transformed into lightning runes that dispersed into heaven and earth.

“Oh, you’ve got stool in your blood!” Long Chen didn’t forget to mock him.

“You-!”

That expert was so enraged that more blood came out of his mouth. That distraction caused him to be devoured by one of the lightning beasts.

BOOM!

That lightning beast’s head exploded in a shower of sparks. In that instant, the expert brandished a halberd adorned with crackling lightning runes.

He finally had a frightened expression. Just now, if he had really been swallowed, he would have definitely died. Thus, he had no choice but to take out his divine weapon.

“I’m not wasting any more time with you! Die!” He roared and shot toward Long Chen.

“Are you afraid of wasting time, or are you afraid that you can’t last?” sneered Long Chen. Even against that spear, he continued to fight barehanded. After that, he unleashed a punch.

BOOM!

Long Chen's arm trembled as he was blown back. Meanwhile, his opponent's countenance shifted. That mighty punch left his arm tingling and nearly caused him to lose his grip on the halberd.

After that clash, the lightning beasts immediately found a chance to launch a berserk assault.

Seeing this scene, Long Chen snorted. His fists danced as he struck them, sending them flying. Once more, Long Chen’s power stunned the Fullmoon race’s experts.

The current Long Chen was far stronger than in the Linglong World. Without any ultimate techniques, relying solely on the power of his physical body, he confronted a relentless onslaught of adversaries who were essentially on par with Heaven Venerates. As a result, those who had worried about him now realized the sheer folly of their doubts

As for the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander expert, he roared furiously, calling forth wild lightning in the form of his manifestation. Just as Long Chen said, he couldn’t last that long, so he had to slaughter these lightning beasts as quickly as possible.

Before this, he had wanted these lightning beasts to kill Long Chen, but now, it was him who was unable to endure their power. Against so many of them, one mistake might cost him his life.

These lightning beasts were fallen experts of the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander race that the heavenly tribulation had duplicated, complete with a copy of their divine abilities. Some of these divine abilities were ones that even he had yet to awaken.

So, it was too dangerous to fight them. For example, when he was devoured by one of them, if he had been swallowed into its stomach, he would have definitely died.

As a result, he began slaughtering these lightning beasts as quickly as possible. However, he didn’t notice that after they were blown apart and transformed into runes, those runes would silently vanish.

Those runes were not taken back by the Heavenly Daos but devoured by Lei Linger who was hidden in the void. In other words, the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander expert slaughtered these lightning beasts, but the one to benefit from it was Lei Linger.

With him unleashing his full power and using his divine weapon, his offense was far sharper, and those lightning beasts were slain one by one. In a bit, their numbers started to fall.

In just a short moment, only a few dozen lightning beasts were left, and all of a sudden, a divine mark lit up on his forehead. The next moment, all his scales lit up, and millions of different lightning runes flowed out of them.

When the mark on his forehead appeared, his aura grew by ten times. At this moment, even Long Chen jumped in shock. This fellow actually had such a terrifying trump card.

“Die!” He roared, having summoned his full power to attack Long Chen.

Buzz.

However, just as he was about to charge over, a lightning dragon appeared out of nowhere. And before he could react, it coiled around him.

The moment he was caught, the scales on his body began to rapidly dim. His soul almost fled in terror when he sensed it.