Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4149: Furiously Slain

The lightning dragon appeared out of nowhere and instantly turned the tide. Like a deflated balloon, that Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander’s explosive thunderforce rapidly flowed out of him.

He let out a terrified shout as he had never encountered anything so terrifying. The lightning dragon was devouring his thunderforce, and no matter how he struggled, he couldn’t escape.

Furthermore, as his thunderforce rapidly flowed away, he grew weaker and weaker. The lightning dragon was devouring his power so greedily that it felt like his whole body would be consumed, terrifying him.

Suddenly, his halberd flew into Long Chen’s hand. He was now too powerless to even control his own weapon.

After swinging the halberd a few times at the lightning beasts, Long Chen found that this lightning halberd seemed to be specially made for undergoing tribulation. Its attacks caused the energy in the lightning beasts’ bodies to be thrown out of balance, so killing them became extremely easy.

With the lightning halberd in his hand, slaughtering the remaining lightning beasts was easy. In just a few moves, they were all slain.

The tribulation clouds had long since vanished. In other words, their final power was condensed in the lightning beasts. Now that the lightning beasts had vanished, the heavenly tribulation was over.

“What a pity. If only it lasted a bit longer, it’d be even more beneficial,” sighed Long Chen.

“AHH!”

Suddenly, a shriek interrupted his thoughts. The Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander was twitching violently as if he was being tortured.

Within the lightning, his scales were being pulled off by some power. It was so painful that his face contorted.

“Hey, don’t worry. We won’t kill you. If you endure it, you’ll be fine,” kindly advised Long Chen.

“A warrior can be slain but not humiliated! Descaling my Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander race is the greatest insult for us! You, your parents, your family, your entire race—all of you will have miserable deaths!” roared the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander.

Upon hearing this, Long Chen’s smile instantly vanished. His face became dark and gloomy.

“Alright, since that’s the case, you can die. Lei Linger, don’t bother wasting the effort to strip him of his scales. Just kill him and absorb all his power.”

Immediately, the lightning dragon binding him tightened its hold, and the miserable shriek rang out again.

He cried out in terror, being completely terrified by Long Chen’s killing intent.

“Let me go! I admit defeat!” he cried out.

“Foolish idiot, did you think that the name of the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander race allows you to bully everyone? You wanted to take my treasures, and I wanted to take your treasures. That could be considered fair. But since you dare to threaten my entire family and race, there’s nothing else to say. When you reincarnate again, remember to be more low-key,” said Long Chen coldly.

He originally wasn’t planning on killing this fellow, but he would not tolerate someone threatening his parents and family. That was his reverse scale, and there was no stopping his fury if it was touched.

“No-!”

He could only let out one final cry before he finally couldn’t endure it any longer. His body then exploded into a blood mist, transforming into lightning runes that were absorbed by the Lei Linger.

The Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander expert was dead in body and soul; not even his Yuan Spirit escaped. This scene stunned the Fullmoon experts.

“That’s the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander race! Long Chen has provoked a calamity,” said one of them.

The Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander race was known for being arrogant and vengeful. But above all else, they were known for being protective of their own kin. Thus, Long Chen's act of killing one of their members would undoubtedly incur a fierce and bloodthirsty retaliation from them.

“The Fullmoon race isn’t afraid of calamities. We are only afraid of our people not having the guts and ability to provoke calamities,” said Xu Jianxiong lightly.

Hearing this, Xu Changchuan was startled. These words probably weren’t for the elder who had just spoken but for him. Was the race leader encouraging him?

After devouring the remnant lightning runes, Lei Linger returned to the primal chaos space. She then transformed to her lightning girl form and raised her hands.

She shouted, “Big brother Long Chen, look!”

Lei Linger now had a bracelet on her hand, and it looked very refined. It was actually made of the Heavenly Lightning Violet Salamander’s scales.

“It’s very pretty!” Long Chen sincerely praised it. He hadn’t expected this fellow’s scales to actually be so pretty. At this moment, lightning flowed on top of the bracelet with a thousand colors.

Lei Linger became even happier with Long Chen’s praise. “Big brother Long Chen, I want more scales! Look!”

When Lei Linger shook the bracelet, Long Chen was shocked to find thunderforce slowly gathering inside it.

“The primal chaos space is producing thunderforce?!”

“There wasn’t before. But after that fellow entered, it appeared. It’s still very weak but possesses a great law power. It’s very useful for my comprehension of lightning laws,” said Lei Linger.

“Is it the Great Desolate Winged Devil?”

Long Chen was shocked and looked at the Great Desolate Winged Devil. He saw that half of it had been devoured, but its wings and head were still intact.

Its wings and head were its strongest parts, so they probably contained even more energy. Right now, due to their nourishment, the Fusang Trees and Moon Trees had reached a height of twenty thousand miles. Their first rune had already fully formed.

Two lotus seeds had also appeared in the Heaven Merging Blood Lotus. Regretfully, it only produced one seed at a time, so Long Chen had no choice but to slowly plant them again.

Along with the others, the Seven Treasure Colored Glass Tree and the Heavenly Dao Tree also changed. But as for how they changed exactly, Long Chen was unable to tell.

In any case, after the Great Desolate Winged Devil was tossed inside, the entire primal chaos space had transformed, becoming more and more like a real world.

Long Chen then retreated from the primal chaos space and continued advancing with Xu Jianxiong. Long Chen’s decisiveness had won Xu Jianxiong’s praise.

“Uncle Xiong, will this bring trouble for the Fullmoon race? I’m always surrounded by bad luck, so I don’t know how many idiots like this I’ll draw in the future,” said Long Chen somewhat helplessly.

“The Fullmoon race isn’t afraid of trouble. After all, now is the time for the Fullmoon race to reclaim our dignity. Go ahead and provoke as many calamities as you want. The Fullmoon race will bare our fangs when the time comes. We won’t let our ancestors continue to lose face,” said Xu Jianxiong profoundly. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Hearing him say that, Long Chen didn’t say anything further. In truth, Long Chen didn’t want to get too close to the Fullmoon race on the surface as he didn’t want to implicate them.

But if Xu Jianxiong had such confidence, he didn’t bother saying anything further. Otherwise, the Fullmoon race would view that as him looking down on them. It would be hurtful.

Several days later, they finally arrived in a desolate world. The desolation around them dumbfounded Long Chen and the others.

“This is the legendary Sage King Prefecture?”