Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4152: Overbearing

“They’ve finally come.”

Although Long Chen had long since anticipated this, when the Long clan’s people really came, he was still a bit nervous. He needed some information about his father.

As a result, he was apprehensive and conflicted. He wanted good news but was afraid of bad news.

Xu Jianxiong eyed Long Chen curiously. After knowing him for so long, he had never seen Long Chen have such a complex expression.

“Do you have some relationship with the Eternal clan and members of the Heavenly Divinity race, the Long clan?” asked Xu Jianxiong.

Long Chen nodded. “Yes, our relationship is very deep. Technically, I can count as part of them.”

“I didn’t expect you to have such a background. No wonder you have such power.” Xu Jianxiong nodded. If Long Chen was from an Eternal clan, it was understandable how he could possess such immense power.

Long Chen shook his head. “My power has nothing to do with the Long clan. When I was born, they were the ones who took my Spirit Blood, Spirit Root, and Spirit Bone. It’s hard for me to explain my exact relationship with them. Whether or not we are family or mortal enemies depends on today’s discussion. Uncle Xiong, come with me. I’ll test out this messenger from the Long clan.”

Xu Jianxiong’s heart shook. He didn’t know Long Chen’s past and had never asked about his inside information. However, based on Long Chen’s tone, it seemed that Long Chen’s relationship with the Long clan was even more complicated than he had imagined.

When Xu Jianxiong and Long Chen walked out, they saw a total of seven people, six young and one old.

The elder’s hair was graying, but he was still full of vigor. The light in his eyes was reserved, like a dragon hidden in the depths of an abyss. Although his aura was concealed, Long Chen could tell that he was a terrifying innate Heaven Venerate, one even stronger than the Black Tortoise race’s leader.

There were six heavenly geniuses behind him, four men and two women. Their auras were also terrifying, and they weren’t concealing their auras at all. As a result, their auras and runes swirled around them arrogantly.

When they arrived, they looked Long Chen up and down without any restraint, judging them. They seemed to see through him, and there was both doubt and disdain in their eyes.

They were all Triple Supremes with three-colored runes around them. Even though they were all standing at the same height, they still gave off a feeling of looking down on others.

“Greetings, leader of the Fullmoon race. This old man is Long Zaiye, eighth of the eight great Protector Elders.” The elder didn’t even look at Long Chen and just cupped his fists lightly at Xu Jianxiong.

His movements were clean, and while they were polite, the only feeling that Long Chen got from his words was arrogance.

Long Chen was startled inside. One of the Long clan’s eight Protector Elders? So he was ranked eighth amongst them? Didn’t that mean that the Long clan had eight innate Heaven Venerates? Now, Long Chen wondered if this old fellow was trying to scare him.

“Eighth Elder is too courteous. I’m just accompanying Long Chen. You’re not really here to see me, am I right?” said Xu Jianxiong with a slight smile.

This Eighth Elder might no longer be young, but he still had the sharpness of a youngster, his tone also overbearing. Despite coming for Long Chen, he actually didn’t even look at him. As his intentions did not seem friendly, there was no need for Xu Jianxiong to be polite either.

The Eighth Elder laughed. “Correct, I’m here for Long Chen. Long Chen is a descendant of my Long clan and also a member of our junior generation. Naturally, I must greet you, the race leader first, before him.”

Only then did he turn to Long Chen and nod. “Not bad. I heard that you’ve done quite a few major things lately. You haven’t lost the face of the Long clan. I admire it very much.”

Long Chen frowned. This Eighth Elder was irritating him, treating him like a junior.

“Why don’t we sit and talk? May I know what brings you here?” Long Chen gestured to sit.

The Eighth Elder didn’t show any sign of displeasure toward Long Chen. But rather than waiting for the host to sit, he sat down first, which was quite rude. It showed a lack of respect for the host.

Since the Eighth Elder didn’t say anything, the ones behind him sat down as well. Once seated, Long Chen didn’t say anything and just looked at the Eighth Elder.

“Long Chen, as a junior member of the Long clan, aren’t you being rude?” said one of the disciples after a moment of silence. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“You can’t blame him. He’s an ascender from a lower world. How could he know any manners?” sneered a female disciple.

As Supreme heavenly geniuses, every single one of them was arrogant. They had heard of Long Chen and knew that he was a member of the Long clan. But inside, they looked down on ascenders like him.

“Don’t spout nonsense. Long Chen is a lower-world ascender who never received proper tutelage! That is the fault of our Long clan. We cannot blame him,” chided the Eighth Elder.

Even Xu Jianxiong frowned now. The Eighth Elder might be chiding those disciples, but he was also pointing out that Long Chen lacked manners and upbringing.

Hearing this, Xu Jianxiong sneered inside. The Long clan really was blind. They actually sent such a person to find Long Chen? He understood Long Chen’s general character by now. This was pushing Long Chen into being their enemy.

Having witnessed Long Chen’s talent and intelligence, Xu Jianxiong often pondered how extraordinary it would have been if Long Chen were part of the Fullmoon race. If that were the case, he would be able to smile even in his sleep.

For the Long clan to treat him like this, they really were blind. However, that was their matter and not something for Xu Jianxiong to interfere with.

Long Chen’s gaze gradually turned cold and sharp. “Eighth Elder, are you a representative of the Long clan?”

The Eighth Elder nodded. “Correct. No matter what, you are a disciple of my Long clan. I heard that you’ve caused quite a bit of trouble, so the clan sent me to ask if you are willing to return to the clan. I dare say that once you return, no one will dare to provoke you or get revenge on you. You no longer need to wander this world without a home.”

“With the Long clan taking you in, there's no need for you to continue wandering like a stray dog. Come back. Otherwise, without the Long clan, once the Sage King Convention ends, your chances of leaving the Sage King Prefecture alive are slim,” kindly advised one of the Long clan’s disciples.

Xu Jianxiong finally couldn’t endure it any longer and demanded, “Are you here to bring Long Chen into the Long clan or force him out? If Long Chen doesn’t have a home, then my Fullmoon race will be his home. Every warrior in my Fullmoon race is willing to bleed to the last drop for him. If you have come to insult Long Chen, you can scram. Otherwise, don’t blame me for not giving face to the Long clan.”

Xu Jianxiong’s politeness was gone as these people were going too far. Even he couldn’t endure it, let alone someone like Long Chen.

“Hmph, the reason you want to keep Long Chen is because of the treasures in his hand, isn’t it? Do you think that you’re a good person?” sneered the Eighth Elder.

Upon hearing this, Xu Jianxiong’s fury exploded. He was about to curse the Eighth Elder when one of the Fullmoon race’s elders walked in, interrupting them.

“Reporting to the race leader, there is a guest who says that she is Long Chen’s friend. She says that her surname is Jiang.”