Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4155: The Jiang Clan’s Word

Watching the Eighth Elder and his disciples leave, Feng Fei just smiled. She had been smiling this entire time, as if she had predicted this entire scene from the start.

“Long Chen, you don’t need to worry. The Long clan’s Eighth Elder is the most lacking of the Long clan’s Protector Elders. He cannot represent the Long clan. The only reason he could become a Protector Elder is due to using some shameful tricks, so his attitude only represents himself. Feng Fei has told me a bit about you. You don’t need to worry about your father for now. At the very least, his life is safe,” said the Jiang clan’s elder.

Upon hearing this, Long Chen’s heart trembled. It seemed that this elder actually knew quite a bit. This also proved that the Jiang clan’s relationship with the Long clan was not ordinary.

“Many thanks for the reminder.” Long Chen cupped his fists to express his gratitude.

The elder nodded and walked away, with Feng Fei following beside him. They then vanished from the Fullmoon race’s camp.

“Although he doesn’t represent the Long clan, for him to be so arrogant, he must have some support behind him. Otherwise, he wouldn’t dare to come so brazenly. If you do return to the Long clan in the future, you must be careful of this person. Once enmity is planted, it is difficult to remove,” warned Xu Jianxiong.

“Uncle Xiong, don’t worry. I know this at least. Furthermore, it’s still unknown if I will ever return to the Long clan. My father is in their hands, so I don’t dare to go too far against them. Fortunately, they haven’t used my father to extort me. Otherwise, I would definitely slaughter that fellow.” Long Chen took a deep breath and tried to calm down.

Just now, he had almost lost control. If this fellow dared to use his father against him, he would definitely instantly lose control. If he did kill this elder though, perhaps it really would be troublesome.

Long Chen had no interest in returning to the Long clan, but he did want to save his father. Doing so would require having dealings with the Long clan, and that was what aggrieved him the most.

“So you plan to use the Sage King Convention to show your power and potential, making the Long clan afraid of you and also want to get on your side?” asked Xu Jianxiong.

Long Chen nodded. He understood that only by demonstrating unwavering strength and potential could he hope to challenge the Long clan's status quo. Only then would they need to weigh the consequences of offending him against the benefits of having him as a member.

The current Long Chen had no other method. After all, his power still wasn’t strong enough, so he didn’t dare to touch the Long clan yet. Now, he had to accumulate more trump cards to make the Long clan afraid, forcing them to treat his father well.

“Although I don’t know what’s happening on your side, it isn’t relevant. Just know that my Fullmoon race will almost be your most fervent supporter. Even against the likes of the Long clan, our Fullmoon race will not cower. You don’t need to compromise with anyone.” Xu Jianxiong patted Long Chen’s shoulder.

Long Chen was moved. Countless people had helped him in this lifetime, but someone like Xu Jianxiong who treated him like his own family was truly rare.

While initially brought together by mutual profit, their collaboration led to something more than just business transactions. It evolved into a wonderful alliance, where they shared good fortune and faced calamities together.

“Other than that, let me tell you that only the Eighth Elder would be so foolish as to be arrogant at this time. It was no problem for you to attack him, but if he dared to attack you, especially in the Sage King Prefecture, although the convention has yet to formally start, he would still be in danger of being struck by misfortune. That is why the Jiang clan’s people looked down on him so much. In other words, you won’t need to worry about powerful experts targeting you in the Sage King Prefecture. Experts on the same level should be manageable by you. Those that you can’t handle would be at least Heaven Venerates, and if they dare to touch you, you might be able to see something good. So relax. Maintain your top condition for the Sage King Convention,” advised Xu Jianxiong.

“Many thanks for the reminder. I understand.” Long Chen smiled, feeling much more relaxed. If that really was the case, what would he need to fear? If he didn’t act arrogant now, when would he?

Long Chen immediately gathered the Dragonblood warriors and started roving around, seeing if they could gather any more Dragonblood warriors.

Anyway, Xia Chen had left markers around, so they weren’t afraid of getting lost. Uncle Tree was originally a bit worried and wanted to follow Long Chen, but Xu Jianxiong stopped him. As a result, Long Chen and the others began to swagger around.

After leaving the Fullmoon race’s camp, they roved around the ruins. After a bit, Guo Ran couldn’t help but ask, “Boss, what happened here? It’s so desolate. What is the point of holding the convention here?”

“I don’t know. These ruins don’t seem like they were made by man. They seem natural and have such power within them that not even Supreme heavenly geniuses can damage them. Instead, the experts get smushed into meat pancakes. Just patiently wait. Since Uncle Xiong doesn’t say anything, he must have his reasons,” said Long Chen. He was also curious about this, but he could still hold himself back from asking.

There were ruins as far as their eyes could see, and some areas already had camps set up to mark the territories of different races.

However, that was only a small portion of the area. The majority of powers were still looking for their own spots.

When Long Chen walked past them, quite a few hostile gazes were turned his way. Some people even placed their hands on their weapons, as if they would start a battle if he got the slightest bit closer.

Long Chen ignored them and continued to roam around. But after roaming the majority of the day, he started to get a strange feeling. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Long Chen realized that there were only members of the beast races present, with no sign of any humans. It then dawned on him that they had come from the Fullmoon race's camp, making this place exclusively the domain of the beast race.

Long Chen then recalled Feng Fei’s instructions regarding where the Jiang clan was. With urgency, he took out a jade tile and started going in a certain direction.

“Scram! This is the Pelican race’s territory! Others are forbidden to pass!”

Long Chen began to directly fly through the air. As a result, they passed over a camp and drew the cursing of the people there.

“It’s the damnable human race! Slaughter them!” When these people realized that Long Chen and the others were human, they directly took out their weapons and attacked. As a result, the Dragonblood warriors’ swords slashed down mercilessly. In an instant, corpses littered the ground, their blood raining down.

“If you don’t want to die, get out of the way. Otherwise, come at us,” sneered Long Chen. In the Fullmoon race, he had seen people flying over their camp, but the Fullmoon race had not stopped anyone.

The other camps that they had flown over also hadn’t stopped them. Why was it that these people wanted to kill them for flying over? Did they think that Long Chen and the others were easy to bully?

“Courting death!”

As soon as Long Chen said this, an innate Heaven Venerate furiously blocked Long Chen’s path. A claw then slashed through the air, filled with killing intent.

In response to it, Long Chen fearlessly unleashed a punch. However, just as he did so, that innate Heaven Venerate of the Pelican race hacked up blood.

“What?!”

Guo Ran and the others jumped in shock. Long Chen was also dumbfounded, as his punch had yet to even land.