Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4161: Wanted Criminal

“Disciple?”

Even Long Chen was startled. When had he ever taken a disciple? That Heaven Venerate’s hair was already balding and graying. He clearly wasn’t young. But as soon as he saw Long Chen, he called himself his disciple and knelt to kowtow to his master.

“Senior, you are…?”

Long Chen hastily lifted him off. The moment he touched this old man’s arm, he instantly understood why the latter called himself his disciple.

“Senior? You can’t call me like that!” cried out the elder. “Back then, your explanation of the Starry River of the Sky Art has enlightened this disciple, allowing me to go from a World King into a Heaven Venerate. You gave me a new outlook on life. Disciple is Huang Hui. If you wish, you can directly call me by name.”

“The Starry River of the Sky Art?”

When they heard that name, the surrounding people were startled. That was an extremely domineering cultivation technique. One mistake would cripple or kill a person when cultivating it. Thus, essentially all sects viewed it as a forbidden technique, and they would not allow others to cultivate it. So, these people hadn’t expected to run into someone who actually trained in it here.

“No, that doesn’t make sense. The Starry River of the Sky Art is an incomplete cultivation technique. The absolute majority of people are limited to the Immortal King realm or before. It’s impossible for him to have been a World King!” cried out someone.

The name of the Starry River of the Sky Art was known to most people. Countless people had heard its legends.

Only people who were forced to the point of having no other choice were willing to train in this technique. As it cut off your future prospects, cultivating it was essentially deciding your upper limit.

However, this elder in front of them was actually a powerful Heaven Venerate. That was completely against common knowledge.

“Disciple greets senior.”

At this time, all the younger disciples who had come with this elder knelt on the ground and kowtowed toward Long Chen. All of their gazes were fervent and excited.

Long Chen instantly understood. Back then, he had left the Darklight Heaven and gone to the Violet Flame Heaven’s Starry River Palace.

The Starry River Palace was in ruins, but it was there that Long Chen comprehended the Starry River of the Sky Art and learned the full technique for drawing astral energy into his body. Furthermore, he didn’t conceal it to himself. He then shared it with the world, giving people an essential and comprehensive understanding of this technique.

When Long Chen discussed the Dao that day, countless people watched him. Countless people were taking notes, and those notes then spread throughout the world. As a result, countless experts who had been forced to cultivate the Starry River of the Sky Art once more saw hope.

Originally, their future paths were cut off, but Long Chen continued that path for them. With this, the Starry River of the Sky Art became a complete cultivation technique. As long as a person had the right aptitude and worked hard enough, they could even become a Heaven Venerate or even an Eternal.

Huang Hui was one such cultivator. He was extremely talented and had been stuck at the Immortal King bottleneck like everyone else, but he actually relied on his own intelligence to connect this broken path to the next step. He was the first person to break through to the World King realm with the Starry River of the Sky Art in the recent era.

After that, relying on his talent, he tried to help other cultivators of the Starry River of the Sky Art break through this limit as well. He even established his own Starry River Gate. Not accepting disciples, he only helped cultivators of the Starry River of the Sky Art break their limits.

However, his power was limited, and while he managed to reach the World King realm, he was unable to progress any further. No matter how hard he tried, he was unable to continue this path.

Later on, after Long Chen had explained the essence of the Starry River of the Sky Art and it reached his hands, Long Chen’s comprehensive explanation instantly enlightened him. As a result, he directly broke through from the World King realm to the Divine Venerate realm.

Furthermore, he was originally a latent Triple Supreme. However, he had been harmed before his potential awakened and was forced to cultivate the Starry River of the Sky Art to protect his life.

Having been in the World King realm for countless years, his foundation was incredibly solid, allowing him to swiftly rise all the way to the Heaven Venerate realm. It could be said that there was no way for him to repay his gratitude toward Long Chen.

Just now, he was leading people on a stroll around the vicinity when he suddenly heard someone mention Long Chen’s name, so he immediately ran over. He had seen what Long Chen looked like in photographic jades, so he instantly recognized Long Chen and kowtowed to him as a disciple to a master.

“Senior, it really is great that I can meet you!” Huang Hui looked at Long Chen emotionally. Long Chen had changed his fate. No… he had changed the sorrowful fate of all cultivators of the Starry River of the Sky Art. This favor was truly immense.

“If you’re here, does it mean that there is a base for the Starry River inheritance here?” asked Long Chen. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Yes, and we’ve already found it. Eight million cultivators of the Starry River line have arrived. Now that you’re here too, if they learn about your presence, they’ll definitely be overjoyed. Senior, please come back with us,” said Huang Hui,

“Alright, we’ll take a look!”

Long Chen nodded. Huang Hui was delighted by his acceptance and hastily brought them deeper into the human race’s territory.

The area between the human race and the demonic beast race’s territories was a masterless land. Past this area, they saw that countless areas already had camps.

Those camps had people guarding them, and anyone who got too close would be warned. While passing by one camp in particular, Long Chen suddenly paused and looked at the entrance.

“An arrest warrant?”

Guo Ran and the others paused. There was a giant arrest warrant placed outside the entrance here, as well as an image of a person.

When Long Chen and the others saw that person, they almost laughed. It was a cloaked man of good proportions and a slightly chubby face. He had a sinister smile on his face that instantly made him seem like a bad person.

.

This person was precisely Mo Nian. However, this picture intentionally added a little bit of his baby fat and made his eyes even more wretched. It was a bit off the real Mo Nian, so Long Chen and the others hadn’t recognized him at first.

“Who are you?! You dare to laugh here? Scram! Don’t ask for trouble!” When Long Chen and the others laughed at the picture, the experts at the gate shouted at them.

“We can’t even laugh? Do you need to be so mean? Serves you right for having your graves robbed,” sneered Guo Ran.

Guo Ran instantly enraged those people. One of them waved his hand, and hundreds of experts flew out of their camp, blocking them.

“You’re definitely related to that fellow Mo Nian, aren’t you?!” shouted one of them.

Clearly, their ancestral graves really had been robbed. In an instant, Guo Ran’s words raised their suspicions.

“If you don’t want to die, then scram. Otherwise, the Starry River line will trample your Snow River Gate.” Huang Hui’s expression sank.

An elder amongst those people twitched upon hearing of the Starry River line. He hastily said, “It’s a misunderstanding, all a misunderstanding! Everyone, take care.”

Clearly, they were scared off by the name of the Starry River line. Long Chen was surprised. He could clearly sense the aura of an innate Heaven Venerate inside their camp, so why did they retreat just like that?

Only once they got out of the way did Huang Hui’s expression improve. He respectfully led the way for Long Chen, leaving this place.

On the way, they saw quite a few camps with this arrest warrant on their gates, making them rather speechless. It seemed that Mo Nian had not been slacking off.

The arrest warrants had huge rewards on them. Some people were even offering an Eternal divine weapon in exchange for Mo Nian’s head. They clearly hated Mo Nian to the death.

After walking a while, heaven and earth suddenly began shaking, and a strange aura came out from the ground beneath their feet. A shocking scene then startled Long Chen and the others.