Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4162: Unknown Power

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Smoke began to gush out of the ground, and primal chaos qi was bursting out, causing the ruins to quiver.

As the Heavenly Daos rumbled, the very landscape was changing, and dirt swirled on top of the ruins, eventually solidifying into the foundations of the buildings.

“The Sage King Prefecture is awakening! Let’s hurry!”

Huang Hui beckoned, and they sped up their pace. Rushing through this land, Long Chen saw countless sects cheering in their own camps.

The places that they were in had turned into solid building foundations, as if a pair of invisible hands were reconstructing this world.

Two hours later, they arrived at a giant camp, and the countless experts there immediately knelt toward Long Chen fervently when they saw him.

“Everyone, please rise. We are all heirs of the Starry River, and all I did was pass on the sacred teachings. I cannot accept this,” said Long Chen hastily.

The gratitude that these people felt toward Long Chen could not be expressed in simple words. In the Violet Flame Heaven’s Starry River ruins, Long Chen had managed to pass on the complete Starry River of the Sky Art, connecting these people to their future paths. It was no different than continuing their lives for them.

These people would have been stuck in the Immortal King realm for the rest of their lives. But now, they had broken through their limits. This was all thanks to Long Chen.

What Long Chen hadn’t expected was that amongst the millions of the Starry River experts here, there were hundreds of thousands of World Kings and thousands of Divine Venerates.

When he asked, he learned that they weren’t here to attend the Sage King Convention, but to protect the ones who could participate in it.

If the ones coming were just Immortal Kings, the seniors were worried about them being bullied. Thus, upon arriving here, they immediately announced that they would fight to the death against anyone who dared to bully the Starry River line’s disciples.

However, when they first arrived, countless people looked down on them, viewing them as a broken inheritance that had purely come for fun.

As a result, within one month, over ten large battles were fought, and quite a few disciples of the Starry River line were killed.

However, more and more of their disciples continued to arrive, as well as more of their powerful experts. All of them were fearless toward death.

When Huang Hui in particular arrived, he led them to have their vengeance, annihilating the powers that had bullied the Starry River line.

In fact, an innate Heaven Venerate was severely wounded by them and fled. At that time, over a million disciples of the Starry River line had gathered.

Against so many fearless people, even an innate Heaven Venerate could only flee for his life.

That battle finally intimidated the surrounding people, so none of them dared to look down on the Starry River line any longer.

Furthermore, after that battle, even more disciples of the Starry River line appeared. Toward the end, they had gathered over eight million of them. They had the most people of any power.

Their force was so enormous that even the neighboring factions, with innate Heaven Venerates standing guard over them, couldn't help but feel a sense of unease.

What truly unnerved them wasn't the sheer quantity, but rather the unwavering fearlessness displayed by these people. They had never seen such ferocious warriors before.

At first, when they hadn’t had so many people here, people from the Starry River line had even self-detonated to drag their enemies down with them. That courage was astonishing.

And with so many of them now gathered, anyone with a brain refused to provoke this group of madmen.

Thus, the previous group that had been offended by their mention of Mo Nian immediately retreated upon hearing of the Starry River line. They really didn’t dare to provoke them.

“Senior, since you’re here for the Sage King Convention, you can represent our Starry River line! With you here, we’ll definitely get a good ranking! As long as we can get into the top ten thousand, the Starry River line will have hope of reviving. With the support of the world’s karmic luck, we will definitely rebuild the Starry River Sect!” said an Earth Venerate, his elderly face filled with excitement.

The rankings on the Sage King Convention related to the karmic luck support of the world. This was why so many powers had come out in full force and brought their most outstanding disciples.

“I’m sorry, but I can’t represent the Starry River line,” said Long Chen awkwardly.

“Then you…?”

In an instant, countless disciples of the Starry River line were disappointed.

“I’m a dean of the High Firmament Academy. I… I can’t represent other factions,” said Long Chen a bit helplessly.

That elder immediately clapped his forehead. “I’m so sorry! I forgot about this. You’re from the High Firmament Academy, so naturally you must represent them.”

“It’s fine. Just look at our numbers. We have over six million Immortal King disciples. There’s no worry that we won’t get into the top ten thousand!” Huang Hui laughed confidently.

Just as they were speaking, a giant palace grew out of the ground next to their camp. This magnificent structure, which was made entirely of earth, bore a massive signboard in Jiuli immortal characters that read "Starry River".

Upon closer inspection, these two characters seemed to be formed by countless flowing stars, with each star exuding an ancient air. Within these characters, it felt as if you could see the workings of the universe.

“This was personally written by the Starry River Sage,” said Long Chen.

Hearing this, everyone was shaken. This was their first time attending the Sage King Convention and their first time seeing this spectacle.

When Long Chen said that the Starry River characters were written by the Starry River Sage, they immediately kowtowed toward it. The human race cared deeply about inheritances. Without the Starry River Sage, there would be no Starry River of the Sky Art. And without the Starry River of the Sky Art, they would not have their current accomplishments.

As time passed, one palace after another slowly rose out of the ground. However, those were all side palaces. The main palace was still in the midst of forming, and this strange sight surprised Long Chen.

This was the most incomprehensible energy that Long Chen had ever encountered. Based on what he was seeing, these buildings were growing out of every power’s inherited territory.

But when the Sage King Convention ended, these palaces would once more turn to ruins? Would they reform at the next Sage King Convention?

Long Chen was stunned thinking of this, and Xia Chen and Guo Ran were even more so. As a forger and a formation master, they had never seen this kind of concept before. It was the power of creation.

Touching the runes on the palace, they sense their immense power, stupefied. They didn’t know what these runes were, but hitting them resulted only in their fists hurting. The wall was incomparably hard.

Time continued to pass, and other than the main palace, all the others had fully formed.

These palaces had all kinds of murals hanging in them, and there were various strange sights within those carvings.

Long Chen’s heart shook when he examined those murals. Perhaps some of them were related to the secrets of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art.

Just as he was about to examine them more closely, Huang Hui ran over anxiously.

“Senior, not good! Come and take a look!”