Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4166 Ruins of the Academy

The elder from the Soaring Dragon Company left while clenching his teeth furiously. He looked like he wanted to bite Long Chen to death.

If an auction house assisted someone in selling an item, they typically charged a minimum commission fee of ten percent. Some particularly audacious ones might even demand as much as thirty percent.

However, Long Chen actually wanted them to pay him a commission fee instead. In all the elder’s years, it was his first time encountering such a thing.

It had to be known that the Soaring Dragon Company had actually told him to ask for a twenty percent commission fee.

However, this elder lacked confidence and didn’t dare to ask for such an amount, fearing that it might upset Long Chen. Thus, he opted for the minimum acceptable commission fee.

But surprisingly, Long Chen actually countered by requesting an extra ten percent of the final sale price.

The reason he gave was that they were using his item to draw many people to the auction. Since the auction house wouldn’t be just auctioning one item, they could profit from the other items as well.

Moreover, considering that it would attract countless experts, they might be so shameless as to charge an entrance fee, right?

What? Would they really be so rude as to not show their appreciation for Long Chen, considering that he had helped them generate substantial profits by offering the Heaven Earth Cauldron?

That little speech left the elder speechless. In the end, Long Chen got impatient and said that if the elder wanted to collaborate, they could. Otherwise, he could scram. If they really refused to accept, he would just hold his own auction on it.

The elder quivered with fury, but with no other choice, he simply said that he didn’t have the authority to make such a decision and would have to report it.

However, Long Chen knew that they would accept. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to explain themselves to their clients.

As expected, the elder returned in half a day, his face resembling a ripe melon. There was such intense hatred in his eyes that it seemed like Long Chen had robbed his ancestor’s tombs.

In the end, it was decided that the auction would be carried out seven days later, and the Heaven Earth Cauldron would be the ultimate item.

Furthermore, everything really did go as Long Chen had expected. The Soaring Dragon Company shamelessly began to sell tickets for the auction, and they weren’t cheap either. It was a hundred world king crystals for a single ticket, and that was only the lowest level.

The better tickets were hundreds of world king crystals, and the VIP tickets cost thousands of world king crystals.

“I’m starting to regret it. Ten percent commission is a bit…” started Long Chen.

“Don’t go too far!” That elder from the Soaring Dragon Company jumped like a cat whose tail was stepped on.

“Fine, I can’t be bothered to haggle. We’ll leave it at that,” said Long Chen. These words were said under the recording of a photographic jade, so their agreement was set.

The Soaring Dragon Company then proposed that Long Chen entrust the Heaven Earth Cauldron to them for safekeeping, but he promptly declined. He naturally didn’t trust them.

They also knew that this was too unrealistic, so they didn’t argue much about it. After settling things, the elder left.

After this matter was handled, Long Chen found that the Starry River Sect was also doing fine. Seeing the disciples busy comprehending the Starry River of the Sky Art, he just said goodbye and set off.

Long Chen left on his own, as Xia Chen and Guo Ran were busy creating a second Heaven Earth Cauldron, while the Dragonblood warriors were spreading word and looking for others from the Dragonblood Legion. They were all to meet up in the Starry River Sect.

In order to be safe, Long Chen had them stick in groups of a hundred people. That way, even against peak experts, they would still have some ability to fight. Moreover, they all had communication tools so that they could reinforce each other the moment they encountered danger.

The good news was that the Sage King Convention still needed a bit more time to get started.

During this time, Long Chen found that many sect buildings had been constructed, with some still in the process of expansion. However, he also noticed many areas where the buildings had sprung up, but there were no signs of people in sight.

“Their inheritance remains, but no one inherits it…” Looking at those empty buildings, Long Chen couldn’t help but sigh.

Each of those buildings represented the inheritance of some sect or power. Since the palaces remained, it meant that those inheritances were not fully severed yet.

However, the Sage King Convention required the attendees to be at the Immortal King realm. Currently, the Sage King Prefecture was bustling with Immortal Kings from various sects. Yet, there were certain inheritances that lacked even a single Immortal King in attendance, leaving their palaces vacant.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

In certain locations, the ruins remained ruins, signifying that these inheritances had been completely severed.

As Long Chen walked through this place, he drew numerous curious glances. People just whispered amongst themselves as he passed by.

The current Long Chen could count as having some fame within the entire human race, and most of this fame stemmed from the Heaven Earth Cauldron.

To maximize their profit, the Soaring Dragon Company was disseminating information about this auction as hard as they could, spreading Long Chen’s name along with it.

Thus, when these people looked at Long Chen, it was like they were looking at the Heaven Earth Cauldron. Countless people were filled with greed, and some people even wanted to take it. But no one actually dared to attack or even provoke him.

Long Chen paid them no heed. He continued in his chosen direction, quickening his pace with each step. The farther he ventured, the more he noticed buildings that were gradually taking shape at a slow pace.

Some buildings still had no roofs, but the auras of the people within them shook his heart.

He also saw Supremes far beyond other Supremes which gave him a sense of immense pressure.

When he walked past their gates, he drew their attention, so those heavenly geniuses eyed Long Chen coldly. If it weren’t for their elders shouting at them, they might really have tried to attack Long Chen just to test him.

Long Chen had the Minghong Saber on his back, his brows furrowing as an invisible killing intent slowly rose out of him. Originally, he had thought that only the beast race’s heads were so simple.

However, in the human race’s territory, this kind of thing was even more common. Just what was with these people’s heads?

All of them were like angry bulls that had encountered another bull. They wanted to fight for no reason at all. It was like only by killing the other side could they find meaning in their lives.

He had been provoked several times now. Their greedy gazes were like they were far above others, as if everyone else was just an ant and could be wiped out whenever they wanted, completely infuriating Long Chen.

If those people dared to attack him, he guaranteed that not one of them would live to see tomorrow’s sun.

Long Chen was so incredibly enraged that he didn’t even know why he was so angry. But that anger came from the depths of his soul and could not be contained.

Fortunately, they didn’t attack him. After a while of walking, Long Chen eventually saw a vast sea up ahead.

There was a large mass of ruins on the coast. Just as Long Chen arrived at the edge of the ruins, he suddenly heard Bai Shishi’s voice.

“You’re late. I thought that you had forgotten about the High Firmament Academy!”