Chapter 4199 Martial Stage Appears

Long Chen and Bai Shishi’s expressions changed. Although they had known that the High Firmament Palace would only appear for a limited amount of time, they hadn’t expected it to be this short.

Bai Shishi had just comprehended two stele characters on the second floor and came to the third floor, but it was already ending.

Suddenly, the pressure within the third floor vanished, and the tsunami-like rumbling came to a stop.

“You still have six hours. Don’t waste this time,” the palace master advised. He then rose from his spot as he had stopped cultivating.

“Palace master!”

Both Long Chen and Bai Shishi could only stare at him. The palace master then patted Long Chen’s shoulder.

“In the immortal character’s world, I tested your drop of true dragon essence blood. Your future is limitless, so don’t fail to live up to it.”

After saying that, the palace master walked away, leaving only Long Chen and Bai Shishi on the third floor.

“Shishi, hurry. Don’t waste any time,” said Long Chen.

Bai Shishi nodded and directly walked toward the central bone stele. Upon her approach, one of its immortal characters instantly lit up. Bai Shishi’s body trembled, and without delay, she entered the world within this immortal character.

Seeing that Bai Shishi had entered the immortal character’s world so quickly, Long Chen smiled. Bai Shishi’s talent and comprehension ability were truly shocking. Although she didn’t have much time, he was confident that she would make huge gains.

With the palace master's departure, Long Chen had the opportunity to focus his gaze on the third bone stele. However, the dragon expert had told him that he only had this much destiny here; forcibly comprehending anything else here would not benefit him. Hence, although he was a bit unwilling, he chose to hear his advice.

After all, some things would come to you even if you tried to run from them, while some things wouldn’t be yours no matter how hard you worked for them. Forcing it would only cause you pain.

“Don’t feel so conflicted. These original immortal characters are not primal immortal characters; they don’t even count as copies, as they came from stone rubbings. If you think you can uncover the secrets of the Jiuli race from these steles, I will just tell you that it is impossible. Don’t even bother,” said the dragon expert.

Hearing that, Long Chen couldn’t help sighing and felt a bit embarrassed. The dragon expert truly knew him well.

If this was the case, then there was no point hesitating here. He then went back to the second floor.

Here, he found that thousands of people had reached this point. Bai Xiaole was present, and Long Chen was happy to see that his eyes had healed.

Bai Xiaole sat before one of the bone steles, with a three-colored divine radiance emanating from behind his head, accompanied by six different runes. Together, they were like the eye of reincarnation overlooking the world.

It seemed that Bai Xiaole’s mother had used a secret art to help him quickly recover. If she hadn’t, he would have lost this opportunity.

Now, Bai Xiaole’s mother was beside him, but her eyes were not closed in meditation. She was silently staring at her son, her eyes full of pride and love. She was currently helping him gain this inheritance. It seemed that he had gotten quite the opportunity this time.

Xia Chen, Guo Ran, Qin Feng, Qi Yu, Mu Qingyun, Luo Bing, and Luo Ning were all present on the second floor. The only ones who weren’t here were Zhong Ling and Zhong Xiu.

Long Chen did an overview. In general, the disciples of the Battle God Palace clearly outshone the disciples of the High Firmament Academy. Moreover, the auras they radiated while delving into their immortal characters far exceeded those of the academy's disciples.

After strolling through the second floor, Long Chen checked on the first floor. There, he saw something that made his heart burst with excitement.

On the first floor, tens of thousands of disciples were meditating. But what excited Long Chen was the fact that he saw many familiar faces.

The Dragonblood warriors had come. When the High Firmament Palace first opened its gates, Long Chen had dispatched someone to relay a message to the Starry River Sect. In the message, he instructed them to send over all the Dragonblood warriors who had arrived.

Seeing his brothers seated in meditation around him, Long Chen felt his blood boiling with excitement. Many of these brothers were ones he hadn’t seen in the three thousand worlds.

Long Chen conducted a quick count. There were more than two thousand Dragonblood warriors here, and every familiar face represented a person whose name he knew. They were his brothers who had slaughtered their way out of countless mountains of corpses and seas of blood with him.

However, they were all in the middle of comprehending their own opportunities, so he couldn’t disturb them. After that, Long Chen directly left the High Firmament Palace and saw a veritable sea of people outside the palace.

These people were still trying to get through the barrier. Despite knowing that the High Firmament Palace was about to disappear, they refused to give up.

This was the cruelty of cultivation—power was everything. Sometimes, opportunities would be right in front of you, but if you didn’t have the power, you would only be able to watch as it slipped away from you. Moreover, there was nothing you could do.

More often than not, you had to work as if your life was on the line to gain power just so that when such an opportunity arrived, you could firmly grasp it with all your power. That was the only way to change your destiny.

The High Firmament Palace would vanish in six hours. However, Long Chen had left in advance due to the dragon expert’s advice. Based on what it said, the Cloud Dragon Immolation Claw he had unleashed in the immortal character’s space was actually a kind of power between illusion and reality.

Hence, there would definitely be a difference if he were to try to unleash it in the real world, as the outside world’s laws were different.

That was why while everyone was busy meditating, Long Chen seized the opportunity to perfectly consolidate this technique. After all, it would be troublesome if he went to such lengths to master this technique but couldn’t unleash it when the time came.

Long Chen set out on his own. But just as he was looking for a place to train, countless monsters were walking out of their own territories as well.

All these ancient factions had their own foundations, much like the High Firmament Palace, and they also had Dao depositories within immortal characters to safeguard their precious inheritances. This was why all the major factions would come so crazily when the Sage King Convention occurred.

From the primal chaos era until now, countless powers had risen and fallen, resulting in the loss of many legacies. The Sage King Convention might be their only chance to awaken one of those lost inheritances.

After all, the Sage King Convention’s holy power was protected by the power of the Heavenly Daos. These inheritances would be preserved as long as their heirs still existed.

Unless all heirs to this inheritance were lost, it would remain here in their holy land. In other words, as long as the Sage King Prefecture continued to exist, even fallen powers would have a chance of emerging once again.

As the countdown ticked down, more and more monsters appeared out of these holy lands. They raised their heads and roared, declaring war against all challengers.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

As they came out, terrifying auras rose one after another, as if they were displaying their divine might, as well as proving their determination to become the Sage King.

After six hours had elapsed, the enormous Sage King Prefecture trembled. At the core of the Sage King Prefecture, a giant sea split apart, revealing a slowly ascending grand martial stage.

Following the rise of the martial stage, vast primal chaos qi radiated all over, immersing this world in divine radiance.

Every lifeform in the Sage King Prefecture was excited. “The Sage King Convention is finally starting!”