Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4246 One Shocking Sword

No one saw him draw his sword or heard the sound of a sword coming out of its sheath. However, this time, they did see a flash of sword-light.

It appeared for one graceful flash before disappearing. When it was gone, that expert of the Ye clan stiffened.

Following that, his manifestation slowly split apart along with his body, and his blood overflowed in a straight line down the center of his body.

“What?!”

The experts watching from outside the martial stage shot up, unable to believe what they were seeing.

“Ye Qi has been slain!”

Ye Qi was a peak expert of the Eternal Ye clan, and his power was second only to Ye Wuchen. Other than against Ye Wuchen, he had never tasted defeat.

“Even his manifestation… was cut through…”

The sight of Ye Qi being slain left everyone in shock. What was even more astounding was that his manifestation was severed in two as well.

After all, a manifestation was not a solid object; it could be considered an intangible power. Despite most cultivators possessing manifestations, their comprehension of them was rather superficial.

Nevertheless, it was well known that manifestations couldn’t be harmed in this manner. They would only disappear when their master was slain or their energy ran out.

Even an Eternal expert, someone who could easily slay an Immortal King, couldn’t destroy an Immortal King’s manifestation like this.

Ye Qi’s manifestation was like a painting that had been cut by a sharp blade, slowly separating. This scene stunned countless people and also toppled their understanding of what manifestations were.

Suddenly, Ye Qi’s body split apart, and blood sprayed through the air. At the same time, his manifestation exploded, transforming into nothing.

On the other hand, Yue Zifeng’s expression was as cold and aloof as ever. Upon seeing Ye Qi be slain, all the experts that had been charging toward Yue Zifeng’s side turned around and fled in terror.

Of the four captains, only Yue Zifeng’s side was completely calm, as no one dared to attack him. Looking at the apathetic Yue Zifeng, the enemies all felt chills run down their spines. He was a truly vicious character.

With one blow, Yue Zifeng had scared away millions and millions of experts. They then avoided where he was and attacked the other sides.

“Kill!”

However, as soon as they approached, they were met by the Dragonblood warriors. The moment both armies met, countless broken limbs flew through the air, their blood dyeing the sky red.

The Dragonblood warriors were like a killing machine of flesh and blood. Upon contact, countless experts were slain in droves.

The Dragonblood warriors were like tigers or wolves, but they were orderly and cooperated well. When they were together, they unleashed unimaginable killing power.

With every blink of an eye, millions of experts were slain, their flesh and blood scattering across the battlefield. The Dragonblood warriors displayed a savage and terrifying demeanor that struck fear into their foes. It appeared as though the opposing forces were simply surrendering themselves to their deaths like lambs to the slaughter.

“Retreat!”

The enemies at the front fell back, as they were slaughtered without the slightest ability to resist, while the people at the rear were still pushing forward, unaware of the death toll up ahead.

At this moment, the devil race, Blood race, demonic beast race, Netherworld race, Shadow race, and Undying race’s experts also arrived on the battlefield.

Now, the opposing human experts were caught in between them, and the battlefield grew completely chaotic. After all, the devil race and so on were already mortal enemies with the human race. They wouldn’t be allies just because they had the same goal.

Upon seeing experts of the human race, these monsters didn’t care if they belonged to Long Chen’s side or not. They simply killed everyone on sight.

“You fucking demonic beasts, grow a brain! Our target is Long Chen, and you-!”

The human experts hurled curses at them, but they didn't even have the chance to complete their curses before being slain.

As more and more enemies appeared, the pressure on the Dragonblood Legion instantly shot up. However, the side Yue Zifeng was defending was still untouched; no one dared to approach him. All on his own, he blocked an entire side.

The battlefield was in chaos, but not every race was actively engaged in combat. Many members of the demonic beast race, the Undying race, and the Netherworld race chose to remain on the sidelines, observing the ongoing conflict.

The same was true for the human race. Although many people had joined in the battle, even more were standing where they were, patiently watching everything that was happening.

Even within the devil race, which hated Long Chen the most, they were holding back some of their forces. Only half of them were participating in the battle, and many of their branches remained neutral at this time, not helping either side.

Despite that, the Dragonblood Legion was already fighting with various races whose experts were ten thousand times their number. The pressure they faced only continued to mount.

Even so, the Dragonblood warriors’ sharp attacks still frightened their opponents, rendering them afraid to press on too far.

They thought about finding a different area to break through, but the region Yue Zifeng was defending was too frightening to approach. Also, all the other areas had the Starry River Sect, the High Firmament Academy, and the Battle God Palace’s disciples guarding them.

Millions of disciples from the Starry River Sect were present, and this marked their first time fighting alongside Long Chen. The sheer determination exhibited by the Dragonblood Legion in battle spurred them on, causing them to go all-out against anyone who approached them.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The Starry River Sect’s disciples then unleashed their starry river manifestations, which interlinked to form an iron wall that blocked their enemies.

Although the Starry River Sect’s disciples had always been renowned for their strength, measuring themselves against the Dragonblood warriors ignited an unprecedented battle fervor within them.

Because of this, no matter how their enemies assaulted them, they were unable to break through their ranks. Instead, countless enemies simply threw their lives away.

Being equally formidable, the academy and the Battle God Palace’s disciples who stood alongside them were all experts amongst experts. After all, the weaker ones were not qualified to participate in this battle.

As for the tens of millions of experts that had gone to help Long Chen, only a few thousand of them had the power to join this battle. The others were standing at the rear.

The battle raged on, escalating in ferocity. As the land became drenched in blood, the air was thick with its acrid scent. The brutal atmosphere drove people crazy. At this moment, personal survival was no longer a concern; the intoxicating scent of blood drove them to the brink of insanity.

“Focus on the left! Fill up the gaps on the right!” Guo Ran gave orders from the sky, controlling the tempo of the entire battle. With his golden crossbow, wherever he saw a problem, an exploding arrow would immediately deal with it.

These exploding arrows were his latest divine weapon. Since a single arrow was equivalent to the detonation of a World Domain divine item, their power was so great that even Triple Supremes would be severely wounded if struck, assuming they survived the onslaught at all.

These exploding arrows were priceless treasures to Guo Ran. But now that he had unleashed them, they instantly cleared up whole areas of the battlefield upon impact. Their power was astonishing.

Although an immense battle had already started, Guo Ran wasn’t the slightest bit worried. That was because Meng Qi, Chu Yao, Tang Wan-er, Ye Zhiqiu, and the others were free and could still deal with any unexpected events.

BOOM!

Suddenly, a huge explosive sound rang out, and a figure came flying out, crashing into the top part of the barrier. A spurt of blood erupted from their mouth.

“Xu Yifeng!”

This wretched and injured individual was the Violet Blood race’s Xu Yifeng. When people looked at where he had come from, they saw a figure ensnared by a bunch of lily leaves. It was Long Chen.