Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4248 Tidying Up the Bloodline

“AHH!”

Xu Yifeng screamed and twitched in pain. It seemed that he was suffering unimaginable pain.

Seeing this, the Xu family’s experts were all enraged. Long Chen wasn’t killing Xu Yifeng but was doing a soulsearch.

“Long Chen!”

The Xu family head gritted his teeth, his voice coming from the cracks between his teeth. If everyone looked at him, they would be able to see that the veins on his forehead threatened to explode, and his killing intent seemed almost tangible, akin to burning flames.

Xu Yifeng’s screams resounded throughout heaven and earth. However, the Xu family’s experts were too horrified to do anything, including Xu Xin-er.

Xu Xin-er quivered, her face as pale as paper. It was unknown if that was from rage or fright, but she didn’t dare to move.

When Meng Qi pressed a hand on the back of Long Chen’s head, ripples spread through Long Chen’s body and out his finger, entering Xu Yifeng’s head.

All of a sudden, Xu Yifeng’s screams came to a stop, but his body was still quivering. The torment persisted, however, he could only suffer in silence, unable to let out his anguish amidst excruciating pain.

Long Chen simply closed his eyes, and information poured into his brain.

The next moment, the hole in Xu Yifeng’s head began to crack, and his body shook even more intensely. Long Chen was currently extracting the memories in Xu Yifeng’s soul, learning the core secrets of the Xu family.

Long Chen obtained a great deal of information. While it wasn’t the complete information on the Xu family, it was enough for Long Chen to confirm his suspicions.

He ascertained that the Xu family was indeed a traitor of the Violet Blood race. They had colluded with the devil race to stimulate their violet blood by utilizing the devil blood, therefore unlocking their divine abilities.

In truth, the Xu family had long since declined, and their violet blood was no longer pure even before this. There was even a danger of their violet blood completely drying up.

The specific generation when this began was unclear, but the Xu family had actually chosen to cast their loyalties to a certain person to preserve their bloodline divine abilities. That person was Lord Brahma.

Currently, the divine shrines within the Xu family did not house statues of their own ancestors but, instead, the statue of Lord Brahma.

Under Lord Brahma’s guidance, the Xu family used the devil race’s essence blood to stimulate their violet blood. With that stimulation, their violet blood’s sense of danger was triggered, causing it to burst forth with power to protect itself.

However, the Xu family’s violet blood had declined before this and was no longer pure. Although the devil blood caused it to awaken its latent power, making it seem as if it was growing increasingly powerful, in truth, it was like drinking poison to quench their thirst.

The essence of their violet blood gradually dwindled, consumed by the essence blood of the ancient devil that they obtained. As they continuously imbibed it, their violet blood mutated, becoming completely different from before.

Empowered by this mutated violet blood, the Xu family’s people became extraordinarily arrogant. They grew temperamental and gradually became bedeviled without even realizing it.

Most frightening of all, they were all Lord Brahma’s pious followers. They believed that everything they had was bestowed upon them by Lord Brahma, so they were willing to do anything for him.

It had to be known that the Violet Blood race was one of the strongest bloodlines of the primal chaos era. For their descendants to become Lord Brahma’s followers was innately a kind of betrayal. They had forgotten that everything they had came from their ancestors.

Other than this information, Long Chen also found some information about this Sage King Convention. The Xu family head had called Xu Xin-er and Xu Yifeng over to tell them about this information.

According to what he said, this Sage King Convention was a sacrificial ceremony, and there would be both offerings and tributes. The offerings were the lives of the lifeforms on the martial stage.

As for the tributes, it was the karmic luck bead. When the ceremony was complete, the karmic luck bead would explode. Hence, the Xu family head had told the two of them to gather as much of the karmic luck energy as possible at that moment.

After all, the Xu family’s violet blood had declined. Perhaps if they could obtain enough karmic luck energy, they could rekindle the vitality of their violet blood once more.

Thus, the Xu family head repeatedly urged them to keep their cool and maintain their power for that final fight for the karmic luck energy.

However, Xu Xin-er and Xu Yifeng were spoiled and pampered. Although they agreed, they still did whatever they wanted. Once they were on the martial stage, they treated the family head’s words as wind whistling through their ears.

Xu Yifeng had previously lost against Long Chen because he hadn’t wanted to expose his full power. But now he was unwilling to accept it. Thus, when Long Chen faced off against Lian Wuying, he grasped the chance to plot against Long Chen.Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Unexpectedly, he was a genius in plotting. He directly plotted away his own life.

At this moment, Xu Yifeng fell from Long Chen’s grasp, his eyes vacant. With the fire of his soul extinguished, the greatest heavenly genius of the Xu family had breathed his last.

Long Chen was a bit disappointed that Xu Yifeng only possessed this much information. Either he hadn’t bothered remembering all of it, or the Xu family head had only told him this much. In any case, there was nothing about the pillars of light in his memories.

Long Chen was sure that some people in this place knew something about the pillars of light. After all, when he broke the pillars, some people were clearly nervous. They had to know something.

“Yifeng!”

Xu Xin-er seemed to awaken from a stupor. She grabbed Xu Yifeng, but he was now a lifeless, cold corpse.

“Long Chen, you sinister bastard, my Xu family won’t let you off!” she shrieked.

Long Chen turned to her with a chilly gaze. “A group of idiot dogs brainwashed by Lord Brahma and infected by devil blood, do you think that I’d let you off after you betrayed your ancestors?”

Long Chen had an irreconcilable enmity with Lord Brahma. The image of the Martial Heaven Continent's annihilation was forever etched in his memory, and the cries of the continent's spirit, beseeching him to safeguard the lives upon her, still resonated in his ears.

Back then, Long Chen had been utterly powerless to confront Lord Brahma. It was the dragon expert that had saved everyone, although it couldn’t save the Martial Heaven Continent. Long Chen had always blamed himself for this.

Yu Qingxuan’s death had also been orchestrated by Lord Brahma. It was from that point onward that Long Chen had made his determination. Lord Brahma had made Yu Qingxuan a divine daughter, using her to keep an eye on nine star heirs. After that, the Nine Underworld Hall’s hunters came, and Yu Qingxuan died in Long Chen’s embrace.

All of these events had solidified the enmity between Long Chen and Lord Brahma, a hatred so profound that it could only be washed away by blood.

Hence, when Long Chen knew that the Xu family was actually on Lord Brahma’s side, as a fellow member of the Violet Blood race, he was furious. In this life, he hated traitors the most.

After learning of this, Long Chen directly understood why the Xu family had wanted to bring away Luo Bing and Luo Ning. They wanted their blood.

Luo Bing and Luo Ning’s violet blood purity could only be considered above average amongst the Luo family’s disciples. There was no way for them to compare to Luo Zichuan.

However, their bloodline purity was enough to entice the Xu family. They hoped to use the two of them to dig out the entire Luo family. As for their goal, it was too terrible to say with words.

With Meng Qi’s help, Long Chen completed the soulsearch. Although he didn’t learn everything he wanted, it was enough to know that the Xu family had betrayed the Violet Blood race. Today, Long Chen would tidy up his bloodline.

“You goddamn bastard, do you think that my Xu family is easy to bully?! You blind dog, you will pay for this with your blood!”

Xu Xin-er suddenly shouted, and her violet-gold bell floated in front of her. She suddenly spat a mouthful of blood onto it.

After the violet-gold bell grew, one terrifying figure after another walked out of it.