Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4259 Seven Peak SlashNêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Long Aotian was leading the charge toward the Dragonblood Legion, and the Long clan’s heavenly geniuses were following close behind him. But at this moment, a dragon claw enveloped all of them, bringing with it the air of death.

Long Aotian had repeatedly targeted the Dragonblood Legion to antagonize Long Chen. As a result, Long Chen was fully enraged and no longer cared about how the rest of the battle would go. He directly unleashed his killer move.

“Seven Color Supreme Blood Shield!”

Knowing that there was no dodging this dragon claw, Long Aotian’s seven-colored divine radiance condensed into eighteen barriers in front of him. Even the experts beyond the martial stage could sense the terrifying power of the barrier. Remarkably, each of the barriers actually contained metal, wood, water, fire, earth, Yin, and Yang energy with incredible purity.

Even the innate Heaven Venerates, with all their experience, had never seen anyone capable of using so many elements simultaneously.

Triple Supremes typically only had three kinds of energy, yet Long Aotian actually used seven, and every single one of them was incredibly powerful. When the power of his five elements flowed, Yin and Yang energy bolstered them.

Due to this, each of those barriers was comparable to a grand formation, and breaking through it would be incredibly difficult. However, Long Aotian had summoned eighteen at once.

To everyone’s surprise though, these mighty barriers were as weak as paper in front of the dragon claw. They were torn through one by one.

“What?!”

The experts of the Long clan were left dumbfounded. The Eighth Elder even leaped to his feet, staring in disbelief. He was well aware of Long Aotian's immense power and had regarded the seven-colored Supreme Blood as a monstrous, unrivaled existence.

Long Aotian’s five-colored shield was a formidable defense that was hard for most Triple Supremes to breach. This was due to the flow of the five elements within it, which dissipated about eighty percent of a person’s attack power or even rendered it ineffective if their power wasn’t concentrated enough.

As for the seven-colored shield, it had the power of Yin and Yang on top of the five elements. The Eighth Elder had personally tested it and found that even he would need to use his full power to break one of those shields.

Hence, he knew just how powerful Long Aotian’s seven-colored shield was and had even thought that Long Aotian was taking Long Chen’s attack too seriously by summoning eighteen shields at once. There was no need for such a thing.

However, those shields then shattered one by one, and the dragon claw continued. In front of countless astonished eyes, it tore through all eighteen shields in one go.

Seeing this scene, Long Aotian unsheathed his sword, and its cold light tore through the heavens. This was an Eternal divine weapon, and its might was so formidable that even gods would think twice before confronting it.

BOOM!

Long Chen’s dragon claw continued onward, and with a heaven-shaking explosion, Long Aotian’s Sword Qi was forcibly crushed by this dragon claw.

Finally, the expression on Long Aotian’s face changed. This claw had gone through eighteen of his shields. According to reason, it should have exhausted all of its power.

“This is the way! Well done!”

The dragon expert’s praise rang out in Long Chen’s mind; it was extremely excited. This display from Long Chen got full marks from it.

Long Chen was also excited. It was only thanks to the dragon expert’s guidance in front of the bone stele that he had managed to master this divine technique. Long Chen had finally understood the proper form of the dragon race’s divine abilities.

Before this, Long Aotian’s protective divine radiance would have blocked over ninety percent of Long Chen’s dragon claw energy. After all, the seven-colored Supreme Blood was too overpowering.

Fortunately, it was powerless against the true Cloud Dragon Immolation Claw. Long Chen had channeled his full might, concentrating his power at the tips of the dragon claw. As a result, the seven-colored shields were unable to absorb or dissipate the force, and Long Chen’s claw pierced through Long Aotian’s defenses like a nail. In the end, the eighteen shields were broken with the dragon claw still retaining around eighty percent of its original power.

This attack was bordering on perfection, so it was no wonder the dragon expert would praise Long Chen. Even amongst the dragon race, those capable of mastering this technique to such a degree were as rare as a phoenix feather or qilin horn.

With his Sword Qi crushed, in his fury, Long Aotian raised his sword. Within his manifestation, the image of a sun and moon came into view.

The next moment, Yin and Yang interwove through the five elements, causing divine radiance to flow around his sword. A sharp aura then rose out of it, so sharp that it was like the world would be cut apart by it. He then cut Long Chen’s dragon claw with it.

“Hehe, he’s finally using his full power. Long Chen’s death is at hand. This Seven Peak Sword is an immemorial divine weapon that perfectly matches Aotian’s attributes. It immediately recognized him as master upon seeing him. When Aotian unleashed this sword’s divine might, even innate Heaven Venerates would avoid him. No one on the martial stage can rival him!” The Eighth Elder smiled when he saw this scene.

“Seven Peak Slash!”

Long Aotian roared. His sword then quivered and suddenly slashed down.

However, the moment Long Aotian’s sword fell, Long Chen actually appeared right in front of him in a flash, shocking Long Aotian. Long Chen was actually able to escape the lock of the Seven Peak Sword. Now his attack had yet to be unleashed, but Long Chen was already right in front of him.

Long Aotian would never have dreamed that this Seven Peak Sword, an Eternal divine weapon from ancient times, would be unable to lock down Long Chen.

Stunned, Long Aotian suddenly altered the angle of his Seven Peak Sword, turning his slash into a horizontal cut. It had to be said that Long Aotian was truly a peak genius. He was able to switch techniques quickly.

However, to everyone’s astonishment, Long Chen was cut in two by this one sword strike.

“No, that’s a fake! Aotian has fallen for a trap!” exclaimed an expert from the Long clan.

Long Chen was still in his original location, not moving at all. What appeared in front of Long Aotian was merely a clone.

Amidst his preparations for a powerful attack and with the Seven Peak Sword’s lock on Long Chen, Long Aotian had never thought that Long Chen would use a clone to attack him. He instinctively changed his attack to match Long Chen’s move. But as a result, just as he cleaved the Long Chen before him in half, he realized that he had fallen for it.

Long Chen’s clone was destroyed, but that seven-colored divine radiance was like a crescent fang sweeping through the air, heading straight toward the experts pouncing on the Dragonblood Legion.

These experts were focused on the Dragonblood Legion, but before they even got a chance to attack, Long Aotian’s strike reached them, catching them off-guard.

The next moment, countless lifeforms were struck by the seven-color divine light, and this stunned countless people both inside and outside the martial stage.

The power of Long Aotian’s attack was absolutely shocking. It passed through the entire crowd and struck the martial stage’s barrier, slashing through it and leaving a massive cut in the process. Nevertheless, despite the sword's formidable might, it had landed on the wrong target. Thanks to him, the number of experts from the ten thousand races was instantly halved.

The surviving experts experienced a whirlwind of emotions, initially shocked, followed by fury, and eventually overtaken by terror. The survivors only lived thanks to luck.

Only peak experts had the power to react and dodge in time. In contrast, numerous experts lost their lives without even knowing what was going on, lost in the craze for the karmic luck runes.

“Long Aotian!”

Lian Wuying, Ye Wuchen, Zhao Xingtian, and the other experts roared furiously, killing intent exploding out of them.