Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4265: Jiang Feng

Long Aotian had been fighting Long Chen the entire time, unaware that Long Chen's ultimate goal was to free Wilde.

By the time he reacted, Wilde’s bone club already smashed toward him. He found that the space around him instantly froze, as though he was frozen in an ice block.

Only then did Long Aotian understand why those demonic beasts had just let themselves be killed by Wilde like fools.

The moment Wilde attacked, the space around his target solidified. Moreover, Long Aotian’s manifestation was also suppressed to the limit.

Long Aotian wasn’t even a demonic beast and wasn’t suppressed by the Barbarian race’s bloodline suppression. However, Wilde’s club’s power could change the laws of space. It was extremely uncomfortable.

“Seven Peak Slash!”

Long Aotian didn’t dare to tarry. Seven-colored light lit up on his sword once more, and he slashed it down with his full power.

BOOM!

Wilde’s bone club had a large cut slashed into it. Bone fragments flew about. Wilde’s bone club was unable to match Long Aotian’s Eternal divine weapon.

The webbing of Wilde’s hand split open, and blood flowed. However, Long Aotian did not have it easy either. He was sent flying from Wilde’s club, coughing up blood in midair.

Wilde’s power was truly tremendous. Despite it clearly being pure physical power, it affected even the laws of space. This seemingly simple smash of his club had reached a realm that was incomprehensible to most people.

Long Chen helped Wilde escape, and so he managed to throw off Long Aotian. His Kunpeng wings then flapped, and he shot toward the powerful experts who were now joining the battlefield.

“Divine Dragon Tail Pendulum!”

Long Chen bellowed, and his voice resonated like a dragon's roar. His glistening golden scales gleamed, and his leg burned more brilliantly than the sun.

Just as Long Chen’s leg kicked, space quivered and the image of an enormous dragon tail appeared, following Long Chen’s leg forward.

This one attack encapsulated all the hundreds of peak experts charging over, causing them to feel shocked and enraged. The fact that Long Chen was targeting all of them at once was clearly treating them lightly.

BOOM!

These hundreds of experts had long since summoned their manifestations and were in a combat state. The next moment, rays of divine light shot toward Long Chen.

Wild waves of qi surged, causing the void to darken. Long Chen's colossal dragon tail then disintegrated, while the attacks launched by the hundreds of experts also dissipated like smoke in the wind. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

“What?!”

Seeing Long Chen block all of them on his own, countless people were shocked. Long Chen was even more powerful than they had anticipated.

The moment Long Chen unleashed his kick, he also drew the Minghong Saber. Just like that, he dived into their midst.

The Minghong Saber cried out, and a devil expert was cut in two.

Long Chen’s saber danced through the air as quickly as lightning, like a phantom teleporting through their midst. He slaughtered dozens of experts in one go.

These experts had charged to the very front and launched the sharpest attacks. However, they also received the strongest backlash.

Long Chen’s Divine Dragon Tail Pendulum had contained his full might. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have managed to shatter all of their attacks at once. As a result, these people had their Blood Qi flipping inside of them, and they almost coughed up blood. Although they seemed fine on the surface, they would actually be in a weak state for a brief moment.

With Long Chen’s combat experience, he instantly took advantage of this, slaughtering as many of them as he could.

He was like a tiger descending upon a flock of sheep. Every stroke of his saber killed a peak expert without exception.

As a result, these peak experts were cut through like melons. Seeing the unstoppable Long Chen, the High Firmament Academy’s experts felt their blood boiling with excitement.

For many of them, this was their first time seeing Long Chen fight at full throttle. All other heavenly geniuses appeared insignificant in comparison, powerless to resist in the slightest.

“Kill him together! Otherwise, the consequences will be untenable!”

The person shouting was precisely the one who refused to listen to Feng Fei’s orders, the Jiang clan’s heavenly genius, Jiang Feng.

He was finally afraid after bearing witness to Long Chen’s terror. Even after fighting for so long, Long Chen’s aura hadn’t dropped at all. In fact, it was continuously growing.

As a result, Jiang Feng regretted coming. He was afraid, but there was no stopping now.

The hearts of the remaining experts trembled with fear. Long Chen was undeniably terrifying. If they failed to eliminate him at this moment, they were certain he would unleash a vengeful bloodbath upon them later.

If they couldn’t kill him now and his Dragonblood Legion and women were slain, then they would never be able to live a peaceful day again.

“Kill him!”

The others also roared, their line of thought being mostly the same. Taking advantage of their numbers, they had to take down Long Chen. Failing wasn’t an option.

BOOM!

A Heaven Swallowing Toad opened its mouth, spitting out a clump of black mist at Long Chen.

The black mist corroded even space, unleashing a disgusting stench. The Heaven Swallowing Toad unleashed this black mist in order to force Long Chen back, to stop his assault.

However, Long Chen actually ignored it and passed straight through the black mist. White flames could be seen on top of his body. With the protection of the Ice Soul, he didn’t fear this poison.

The Heaven Swallowing Toad didn’t expect Long Chen to pass straight through. It hadn’t even closed its mouth when Long Chen threw a flame lotus into its mouth.

The flame lotus blazed like a sun. It was actually condensed from the Sun Flame, and it exploded inside of its mouth.

The Heaven Swallowing Toad didn’t have time to do anything. Its body exploded, and black liquid splashed in every direction.

“AHH!”

Screams rang out. This black liquid was its core venom, and it was incomparably toxic, capable of corroding even the void. The experts who didn’t have time to dodge were directly struck by it.

Their protective layers of divine light had almost no effect on it, so the black liquid instantly corroded their bodies. One expert was so close that he was splashed across the face and barely managed to scream before being corroded into a pool of disgusting water.

The other experts weren’t quite as unlucky but were still touched by a bit of it. They then tried to cut the flesh that was touched by it, but Long Chen didn’t give them that chance. The Minghong Saber once more cut down over ten experts in an instant.

The explosion of the Heaven Swallowing Toad ruined their tempo, and they fled from the detonation, leaving their formation open.

Jiang Feng was one of the fortunate ones. There was a large demonic beast that became his umbrella, so he wasn’t touched by the venom.

However, the large demonic beast was then fleeing in pain, exposing Jiang Feng. He suddenly saw a pair of icy eyes staring at him.

A chill then ran through Jiang Feng’s spine, and he turned to flee.

However, just as he was turning, he felt a sharp pain in his back as the Minghong Saber stabbed through his body.

The expressions of the Jiang clan's experts all contorted, and Feng Fei looked on helplessly. What she had been most worried about finally happened.