Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4268 Bitter Advancement

As the Minghong Saber cleaved through the air, it embodied the essence of returning to the peak of simplicity. Long Chen and the Minghong Saber shared an intense resonance, their energies intertwining seamlessly.

With the Minghong Saber’s ascent to an Eternal divine weapon, Long Chen’s explosive dragon power finally found an outlet to be unleashed.

“You’re only an ant!” sneered Long Aotian. The seven-colored divine radiance around his body burst forth, accompanied by a surge of primal chaos qi. After that, the Seven Peak Sword descended in a slashing motion.

BOOM!

Sword Qi and Saber Qi clashed like two shooting stars. With a resounding explosion, the world seemed to lose all its color.

Following that, a wild qi wave smashed into the barrier like a tsunami, deforming the entire martial stage. As for the experts on the martial stage, they felt like a meteorite had fallen amongst them, leaving countless weaker people coughing up blood.

This one exchange greatly affected the battlefield. Its immense impact caused most people to be unable to stand steadily, and their auras were thrown into chaos.

Up in the sky, Long Chen and Long Aotian stared at each other. The Minghong Saber was pointed at Long Aotian, its battle intent burning fiercely.

Having detonated its sheath, the Minghong Saber had successfully reached the level of an Eternal divine weapon, but this was tragically a self-sacrificing method of advancing.

Once these runes were used up, it would be dead, and this world would no longer have a Minghong Saber. It was a choice the Minghong Saber had made on its own, and Long Chen was powerless to prevent it.

The Minghong Saber had stood by Long Chen for so long, becoming his closest companion, his most trustworthy comrade.

Having tried countless times, the Minghong Saber finally had to face the truth. This was its limit as a divine item, and it would never be able to become a true Eternal divine weapon. Such was its fate.

On the martial stage, Long Chen had been constantly fighting peak experts, but he had been forced to fight many of them barehanded, because in a clash against Eternal divine weapons, the Minghong Saber would be in danger.

However, the Minghong Saber had its own dignity, its unique pride. It was unable to accept being hidden away and protected. It would rather perish with dignity on the battlefield.

Once it had been damaged, it had finally accepted that it was still weaker than Eternal divine weapons. Yet, it harbored no fear; its fighting spirit blazed brighter than ever.

It had pleaded with Long Chen to let it unleash its final explosion of brilliance, letting it leave with its dignity.

Now, it had become an Eternal divine weapon. Long Chen’s dragon power then poured through its body, allowing it to directly clash with Long Aotian’s Seven Peak Sword.

The Minghong Saber rumbled and quivered. It was cheering in excitement.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Long Aotian looked at Long Chen contemptuously. “You are sacrificing your own saber to raise your power. Long Chen, it seems that you really are out of options.”

Long Chen didn’t say anything and simply raised the Minghong Saber.

Long Chen slashed the Minghong Saber three times. Curiously, none of them caused any whistling gales or surging qi waves.

However, with every slash, the Minghong Saber’s aura rose to a new level. While everyone else stared at Long Chen oddly, Long Aotian’s expression changed.

All of a sudden, Long Aotian’s primal chaos manifestation quivered, and the Seven Peak Sword suddenly had a sun and moon appear on it, letting out a heaven-shaking cry.

Long Aotian then shouted and slashed the Seven Peak Sword at Long Chen, unleashing endless divine radiance. It was evident that Long Chen was employing a layering technique to increase the power of his final blow, and Long Aotian had no idea how strong the final slash would be if he simply let Long Chen continue. Thus, he had to interrupt Long Chen at all costs.

“Split the Heavens 4!”

As Long Aotian pressed on with his attack, Long Chen had no chance to keep going. Thus, he slashed the Minghong Saber down, conjuring four saber-images in an instant.

These four saber-images rapidly merged into a singular, unified force, causing all the rumbling sound to instantly vanish.

“Supreme Seven Peak Slash!”

His manifestation suddenly dimmed as all of its power seemed to be sucked into this attack.

BOOM!

This was a world-shaking collision. When these two divine weapons clashed, the entire world lost its color. Both inside and outside the martial stage, everything became dark, and no one could see anything.

Following that, the world brightened, becoming a world of muted grays. Within this ashen world, a singular speck of light emerged.

That speck of light was the epicenter of the clash between the Minghong Saber and the Seven Peak Sword. It expanded, radiating beams of light that resembled swords, puncturing the barrier of the martial stage.

“What?!”

Startled cries rang out as the experts outside the martial stage were forced to hastily block this unexpected wave of attacks.

In their hasty block, a few weaker people were directly killed by those rays of light. The Sage King Prefecture was thrown into chaos.

Following that, two explosive sounds came from inside the martial stage. Long Chen and Long Aotian were both blown back, smashing into opposite sides of the barrier.

The impact sent ripples through the barrier, causing massive fractures to form. The once sturdy barrier was now riddled with holes and cracks, looking like it would shatter at any moment.

Long Chen and Long Aotian then stamped down on the barrier, shooting back toward each other like shooting stars.

“Heavens, even after such a terrifying clash, neither of them was injured?!”

The onlookers were shocked. Most of them had assumed that after such an attack, they would essentially be half-crippled, but they once more attacked each other as if that exchange had been nothing.

“DIE!”

The two of them shouted at almost the exact time, channeling their immense power into their weapons. This was a clash with no trickery or flashiness; it was a pure competition of who was stronger.

As the two of them crazily clashed, Sword Qi and saber-images ran rampant, shattering the void everywhere.

One saber-image happened to strike a crack in the barrier and went straight through, heading toward the human race’s side. More specifically, it was headed for the Xu family.

Seeing it, the Xu family’s experts let out furious shouts. After that, an innate Heaven Venerate wielding a divine weapon struck that saber-image, only for him to hack up blood, left grievously wounded by the ferocity of the blow.

The spectators were all shocked. The majority of the saber-image’s power had been lost after Long Aotian’s block, but it was still enough to severely injure an innate Heaven Venerate. This kind of power was absolutely terrifying.

BOOM!

With another world-shaking exchange, Long Chen and Long Aotian shot back once more. Their gazes were electric, eyeing each other like leopards eyeing their prey.

“Their auras are finally starting to fall!”

After exchanging over a hundred blows, Long Chen and Long Aotian were finally slightly out of breath.

“You’re out of energy? Isn’t that a bit too early? The real battle has yet to start.” Long Aotian laughed. He then shouted, “Violet Blood Heaven Overflow!”

Following Long Aotian’s shout, violet qi erupted into the sky. The eyes of the Xu family’s experts almost popped out of their heads.

“Impossible!”