Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4320: Competition

Long Chen, Xia Chen, and Guo Ran were like fish in water, swimming down as quickly as they could.

They couldn’t see the bottom of the spirit pool, but they didn’t care. They just charged down and quickly sensed fluctuations behind them. Those nine young experts were already chasing after them.

The spirit pool brimmed with dense primal chaos qi, so dense that it had taken liquid form. As they delved deeper, the pressure increased, and the primal chaos continued to nurture their bodies.

However, the three of them weren’t in the mood to sense that and were swimming down as fast as they could. There was a long illusory image behind Long Chen, akin to a dragon tail. With it, he dragged Xia Chen and Guo Ran down as fast as he could, so the nine peak heavenly geniuses were unable to catch up.

Long Chen could hear their furious roars behind them, but he couldn’t make out what they were saying due to the distance.

“Boss, look!” shouted Xia Chen.

A light appeared at the depths of the spirit pool. The three of them then quickly got closer and saw a circular gate that was like a full moon, giving off a holy light. There were ten notches around this gate, with a throne on each notch, and they emitted a holy divine radiance, as if waiting for their masters.

“One for each! Grab a spot!” shouted Long Chen.

“Boss, you knew about this?” Guo Ran was startled.

“I took the risk of using a pupil art to look, and based on the laws here, I felt that there was no danger to us entering,” said Long Chen with a smile.

“There are only ten spots, and we can only take three. What about the others?” asked Guo Ran.

“What? Are you planning on destroying the other spots? Are you not even going to give them any face?” laughed Long Chen.

“Well, they’re enemies. It’s bad for them to get stronger anyway. When the gate opens and the battle starts, who knows how many of our brothers will die to their hands?” said Guo Ran hatefully.

Long Chen nodded. “Well thought. Do you know why those nine were waiting for a tenth person even though they already have the qualifications?” When Xia Chen and Guo Ran shook their heads, he said, “If my guess is correct, it is because all ten thrones must be activated at once to evenly distribute the power here. If there are just nine, they’ll take the tenth person’s energy. That’s why they were still waiting for a tenth person in order to not lose out on the tenth quota. The three of us will occupy one throne each. Remember my words, as long as you won’t die, absorb as much energy as you can. The more you absorb, the less you leave for them. On the other hand, the energy that we can’t absorb will essentially be given to them.”

Long Chen clenched his teeth. “Prepare yourselves!”

Long Chen shouted and tossed Xia Chen and Guo Ran toward two of the thrones. Long Chen headed for the central throne, while Xia Chen and Guo Ran were on his left and right.

The three reached the thrones at almost the same time. After that, the thrones lit up, and the springwater started to boil.

They instantly felt sharp pain throughout their bodies, like millions of needles stabbing them, injecting power into their bodies.

“Ah!” Guo Ran let out a miserable shriek. Xia Chen was also in immense pain, his eyes almost popping out of their sockets. The primal chaos energy was pouring into their bodies in the most barbaric way, and they felt like they were going to die.

However, they still recalled Long Chen’s words and didn’t resist this energy. They even did their best to absorb it into their bodies. By absorbing this energy, they were preventing the others from absorbing it.

Long Chen didn’t feel too much toward this pain. After all, he had just gone through the pain of Bone Forging, so this bit of pain was nothing.

As the primal chaos energy poured into his body, he felt like a slumbering dragon inside of him had awoken and was crazily absorbing this energy. Long Chen’s qi, blood, tendons, bones, meridians, and 108,000 stars were like hungry wolves absorbing this energy.

It was only now that Long Chen truly understood why the dragon expert had said that his body was in a starved state. He didn’t normally feel it, but right now, he felt like a desert that was finally receiving the blessing of rain. He crazily absorbed the primal chaos energy.

Long Chen could feel his body changing with every moment. His body was truly awakening.

“How hateful! Damn human race!”

The nine heavenly geniuses also charged over, but unexpectedly, they didn’t attack the three of them. Instead, they charged toward the other thrones.

Three of the ten thrones were occupied, so the nine of them were fighting over the other thrones. In the end, two of them ended up with nothing.

“Die!”

Those two experts roared furiously and pounced on Long Chen and the others.

/p>

With all their might, they launched a ferocious assault on the throne. However, once someone occupied a throne, it automatically sealed itself off to provide protection. Regardless of their relentless attacks, they proved incapable of breaching its defenses. At best, they could disturb the person inside.

Seeing those two experts unable to break the seal, Long Chen and the others sighed with relief. Guo Ran was even in the mood to curse the person attacking his seal.

“You trash, if you have the guts, come on in! I’ll crush you with a single fart! Why don’t you just dance with your butt naked and call me daddy?”

Guo Ran was originally in immense pain, but after cursing this person, he felt so good that the pain didn’t even bother him. After realizing this, Guo Ran began to curse the guy even more fiercely.

That expert attacked the seal crazily, but he was unable to break it. He fumed at Guo Ran’s cursing, but even then, there was nothing he could do.

The more this person attacked, the more Guo Ran cursed him. Just like that, one was smashing the barrier with all his power, the other was cursing like his life depended on it.

Originally, Long Chen had been absorbing the primal chaos energy freely, but when the other thrones activated, Long Chen clearly felt a portion of his energy going their way.

“Damn human race, don’t even think about escaping alive! Get out now and we’ll spare your life!” shouted the other lifeform who hadn’t gotten a spot.

“Idiot, do you think we’d believe you?” This time, it was Xia Chen who replied to their taunt.

Just like Guo Ran, he was absorbing the primal chaos energy as best as he could.

“Keep disturbing them. Don’t let them absorb it. Once we are saturated with primal chaos energy, we’ll help you,” shouted the flame-wreathed Blood Qi expert.

“Saturated with primal chaos energy?”

Hearing this, Long Chen was stunned and suddenly had a thought.

“Divine ring!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

When a seven-color divine ring appeared behind Long Chen, the throne that he was on quivered. A giant vortex then formed, and primal chaos energy crazily poured toward Long Chen’s throne.