Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4331 Seeking Blood

When Long Chen entered the mountain valley, a powerful surge of primal chaos qi engulfed him. While it wasn’t as dense as the primal chaos qi in the primal chaos eye, it far exceeded the concentration found in the humanless world.

Inside this valley, the Dragonblood warriors were sitting in meditative state, crazily absorbing the dense primal chaos qi.

“Boss!”

When Xia Chen and Guo Ran saw Long Chen, they immediately put down what they were working on and ran over.

“How is it?” asked Long Chen.

“It’s going well! It’s even better than we expected! Our brothers are absorbing so much primal chaos qi without any issues. We are using a support formation to fine-tune the density to a level perfectly suited for their bodies,” said Guo Ran.

“It’s too bad that it wasn’t Gu Yang, Li Qi, and the others who went with you to the primal chaos eye. The two of us practically wasted that chance,” said Xia Chen regretfully. Due to their weak bodies, the two of them had not managed to absorb much from the primal chaos eye.

Long Chen smiled slightly. Some things simply couldn’t be forced. After all, the three of them couldn’t afford to bring anyone else with them to the humanless world, as only the three of them could cooperate so flawlessly. If one more person had been brought, they might not have lived to tell the tale.

“How long do you think it will take for their bodies to reach full saturation and be ready to undergo tribulation?” asked Long Chen.

“Half a month would be the fastest. But even if we’re slow, it won’t take more than a month,” said Xia Chen.

Long Chen nodded. That was quite fast. This way, their cultivation speed would not fall behind anyone else.

As the gate was gradually opening, the laws were stabilizing, quickly reaching equilibrium.

It probably wouldn’t be long before all the powerful experts started undergoing tribulation at once. When their tribulations started, it would push the gate open bit by bit.

Therefore, undergoing tribulation before the gate fully opened was crucial, but that shouldn’t be a problem with the Dragonblood Legion’s speed.

“However, boss, we do have one problem,” said Guo Ran.

“What is it?”

“Many of our brothers didn’t enter the three thousand worlds, so they lack the nourishment of good dragon blood, and their Dragon Blood Body Tempering Art has weakened a great deal. Although Xia Chen and I have gathered some dragon blood, it's not of very high quality. If we are unable to make up for this difference, it will pose a major problem when we form up into a formation. After all, the Dragon Blood Body Tempering Art is the foundation that links us when we join forces,” said Guo Ran worriedly.

This was a problem that had worried him for a long time. He and Xia Chen had been thinking of how to get more dragon blood ever since the Sage King Convention ended.

The Huayun Trading Company had provided them with assistance, and they had acquired a significant amount of dragon blood. However, the quality fell short in comparison to the dragon blood they had collected in the three thousand worlds.

The pressing issue was the quantity. It was only enough for a few dozen people to absorb. Furthermore, if they were to absorb different types of essence blood, it would mess up their formations.

Just the day before, they had received reports from the Huayun Trading Company that their warehouse had no true dragon essence blood. If they wanted to gather some, they would need to do a large-scale search. However, such a large-scale search was too time-consuming and demanded an excessive amount of effort, which they couldn't afford to spare.

In principle, this was a problem that they should have handled on their own. They couldn’t have Long Chen handling every minor issue, or he would never have a moment for himself. However, they truly couldn’t think of anything at the moment.

“Dragon blood…”

Long Chen also felt a headache coming. Dragon blood? Where was he supposed to get dragon blood from? It would be best to obtain it now because their tribulations were coming. With the power of the heavenly tribulation, they could merge the dragon blood and primal chaos qi into their bodies to unlock their full potential.

All of a sudden, Long Chen’s eyes brightened. He gritted his teeth and said, “You two keep going. I’ll be back soon.”

Long Chen ran off. In a short moment, he was standing in front of the palace master.

“You want my essence blood?” The palace master was dumbfounded.

When Long Chen saw the palace master, he jumped in shock. The palace master’s aura was unstable, like the surging tide. Even just standing in front of him, Long Chen could feel a powerful pressure pressing down on him.

“Palace master, you… you became a true Eternal?” Long Chen cried out in shock. The palace master had actually advanced in such a short time.

“I was originally just one step from Eternity. So, when the primal chaos qi erupted, I directly advanced. However, this is a top secret of the academy, so don’t go telling anyone about it. I’m waiting for those displeasing fellows to send themselves to my door,” said the palace master.

Long Chen’s heart shook. The palace master had just advanced to the Eternal realm, but his aura was even more terrifying than those old Eternals of the humanless world.

Before this, Long Chen had been a bit worried, but now, he was at ease. Even if all the humanless world’s experts came to attack the High Firmament Academy, there was nothing to fear.

“Palace master, my brothers cultivate the Dragon Blood Body Tempering Art, but because of some circumstances, they have large gaps in their cultivation bases. So, I'm wondering if you could kindly provide a few drops of your essence blood as a guide to reconsolidate their Dragon Blood Body Tempering Arts. Could you do me this favor?” asked Long Chen with a hint of anxiety.

The palace master was no petty person. However, as someone from the dragon race, he was extremely prideful and valued his bloodline a lot. Long Chen couldn't be certain that he would readily part with his essence blood.

“It’s no problem if you want my essence blood. But I’ve just advanced, so its power is extremely explosive at the moment. Are you sure that they can absorb it? A single mistake could result in terrible consequences,” warned the palace master.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Long Chen was delighted to hear that the palace master didn't refuse, so he quickly reassured him, “Palace master, don’t worry. I am an alchemist. I can expel that explosive power and keep just the essence.”

Following that, the palace master extended his hand, and his five fingers curved like hooks. Streaks of blood-colored lightning appeared between his fingers. Then, a minuscule drop of blood materialized. This drop of blood was no larger than a grain of rice, yet it caused the room to tremble, and the void thundered violently. It was as if this tiny drop of blood held enough power to obliterate the entire world.

The drop of blood continued to grow until it reached the size of a chicken egg. Space began to contort, resembling a compressed star on the brink of detonation, threatening to destroy the world.

“That’s enough! Palace master, that’s more than enough!” Long Chen cried out. This essence blood was incomparably precious, so Long Chen had only requested a few drops to enhance his brothers’ Dragon Blood Body Tempering Arts.

Long Chen hadn’t planned to increase their power with it because doing so required an exorbitant amount of essence blood. Long Chen didn’t even dare to request such a favor. To his surprise though, the palace master instantly condensed hundreds of drops of essence blood, causing Long Chen to panic.

“My dragon race isn’t so petty. Back then, you helped me out, so this can count as repaying the favor.”

Finally, a fist-sized globe of blood appeared in front of Long Chen. Staring at it, Long Chen gulped, unable to even speak.