Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4332 Switching Blood

“Many thanks, palace master!”

Long Chen offered a deep bow to the palace master, recognizing the immensity of this great favor.

After all, the palace master had just advanced to the Eternal realm, and it was all too easy for his realm to fall from such an impact. Seeing the palace master's aura weaken after giving him so much essence blood, Long Chen couldn't help but feel moved and somewhat guilty.

“Go. They can absorb as much as they can. If it’s not enough, come find me. If it’s too much, remember to return it to me,” the palace master instructed, his voice hoarse, bearing the strain of expelling such a significant amount of essence blood.

Long Chen nodded in understanding and carefully stored the essence blood in the Earth Cauldron, not daring to come into direct contact with it. After all, the energy contained within it was too violent. If he handled it improperly, it would blow him apart.

Long Chen immediately left, knowing that the palace master needed to quickly recuperate. He didn't wish to impose any further delay and just etched this favor deeply into his heart.

When Long Chen returned to his residence, he immediately started refining the essence blood. After all, the palace master’s essence blood was too violent and couldn’t be directly absorbed.

Also, his essence blood possessed the power of Eternity. Let alone the Dragonblood warriors, even if Long Chen tried to absorb a drop of it, he would instantly explode. This was the difference in realms that couldn’t be bridged. If the Dragonblood warriors could absorb Eternal blood and instantly become Eternal experts, it would undoubtedly throw the Heavenly Daos into chaos.

Thus, the first thing to do was to eliminate its violent power and the power of Eternity. This was a laborious task, but fortunately, Long Chen had the Earth Cauldron. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have asked the palace master for his essence blood.

Not only did he have the Earth Cauldron, but he also had Huo Linger by his side. Huo Linger’s Ice Soul energy had grown increasingly pure, and she also possessed the powers of the Moon Flame and Sun Flame. Hence, her efficiency in refining this essence blood was nothing short of astonishing.

Originally, Long Chen had thought that refining it would take at least seven days. However, to his surprise, it was completed in a mere three days, and not only was the essence blood purified, but there was even more of it than before.

It was originally only the size of a fist, but now this globe of blood was three feet wide. There was no way around it, Long Chen couldn’t risk letting the Dragonblood warriors directly absorb the palace master’s blood.

Although this essence blood was now much gentler without the power of Eternity and its violent nature, it still possessed the power and will of the barbarian dragon race. Hence, to ensure safety, Long Chen diluted it to a ratio of one part in a hundred for the Dragonblood warriors to absorb.

On this day, Long Chen gathered the Dragonblood warriors and told them about the origin of this essence blood. When they learned that the palace master had taken the risk of lowering his realm to give them this essence blood, a profound sense of gratitude washed over them.

The moment Long Chen took out this globe of blood, the Dragonblood warriors’ bodies rumbled. Their very own dragon blood power responded, circulating through their bodies rapidly. It was an instinctual reverence for the dragon blood.

“Are you ready?” shouted Long Chen.

“Ready!”

The Dragonblood warriors shouted in unison. Their eyes were full of thirst to get stronger.

Long Chen formed hand seals and pressed a hand against the globe of blood. Following that, needles of blood extended out of the blood sphere, stabbing into the chests of the Dragonblood warriors.

The Dragonblood warriors quivered, sensing an intense heat akin to lava surging into their chests. After that, the dragon blood in them ignited and was expelled from their bodies. In its place, the new dragon blood asserted itself tyrannically, transforming their bloodline.

“AHH!”

Just as this trace of blood entered their bodies, one miserable shriek rang out, and it came from Guo Ran.

Xia Chen had to undergo the same transformation with his weak physical body. In fact, his physique was likely even weaker than Guo Ran's, so the process was much more painful for him, yet he hadn’t even screamed.

“Shut the hell up! What right do you have to scream?” Xia Chen kicked Guo Ran in the butt, causing the latter to fall to the ground and roll about.

Xia Chen was enduring immense pain, but seeing Guo Ran rolling about like that, he almost laughed. This fellow really didn’t have the slightest shame.

The other Dragonblood warriors had long since gotten used to this sight. They all knew that Guo Ran hated pain the most. In this regard, he was inferior even to the female warriors of the healing squad.

Long Chen almost coughed up blood from rage when he saw Guo Ran acting like this. What was he doing?

Xia Chen directly slammed a palm on the back of Guo Ran’s neck, causing him to pass out. The screams came to a stop, and the world was peaceful again.

“Fine, you win. How shameless.” Long Chen shook his head, shaking his head in disbelief. He realized that this was precisely what Guo Ran had intended. He wanted to undergo the blood switch while unconscious to avoid the pain.

However, undergoing this process while unconscious might result in some minor imperfections. Guo Ran seemed to prefer these imperfections over experiencing the pain firsthand.

His scream was a calculated move to make Long Chen impatient with him and knock him out. It was a classic case of 'a dead pig not fearing boiling water.' After all, Guo Ran's life didn't depend on his physical body, so he was willing to take the easy way out if possible. Long Chen had no way to stop him. However, his comeuppance would come sooner or later.

After a while, most of the Dragonblood warriors had adapted to the process. However, there were still quite a few Dragonblood warriors with their faces twisted in pain and bitterly enduring.

These Dragonblood warriors had not run into any good opportunities upon ascending to the immortal world. They were weaker as a result and needed more time to get used to this new blood.

However, this setback would soon be overcome. They had consumed the Triple Supreme Heavenly Dao Fruits and now had primal chaos qi to absorb. Adding on this dragon blood infusion, they would quickly catch up, but it would probably be more painful for them.

Soon after, all the Dragonblood warriors had successfully adjusted to the new blood. It coursed through their bodies, and their auras had undergone a complete transformation.

“Alright, next is to absorb the dragon blood yourselves based on your own power. There is immense power in this globe of dragon blood. If you could absorb even half of it, that would already be not bad. So don’t worry about there not being enough. Absorb as much as you can until you reach your limit. This kind of opportunity will only come once, so don’t miss it. Especially the brothers who returned later, this is your chance to make up for the gap. Work hard,” said Long Chen.

“Yes!”

The Dragonblood warriors responded in unison and formed hand seals, circulating the Dragon Blood Body Tempering Art. They started to draw in that essence blood.

Threads of blood came out of the blood globe, entering their bodies. As they absorbed the dragon blood with all their power, the blood globe slowly shrank.

With Long Chen standing guard over them, every Dragonblood warrior was absorbing as much as they could. As time passed, their auras grew increasingly powerful and terrifying.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

As they absorbed this dragon blood, dragon figures appeared around them without them having to summon their manifestations. Instead, these figures spontaneously manifested themselves.

These manifestations were all linked and resonated with each other, forming a particular force field. Moreover, they appeared to possess a life of their own, emitting a distinct rhythm.

One day, two days, three days… On the seventh day, the blood thread connecting to Gu Yang’s chest shattered. He finally reached his limit and was no longer able to absorb more energy.

“HAHAHAHA!”

Gu Yang raised his head and laughed, emanating a dragon cry at the same time. A powerful Blood Qi then erupted, changing the color of the wind and clouds.