Chapter 4333 Troublemakers of the Other Worlds

“Boss, I feel full of power!” Gu Yang shouted excitedly. Feeling violent power surging within him, he had the urge to fight an enemy expert right here and now.

After Long Chen checked Gu Yang’s condition, he was shocked. The potency of the palace master’s blood surpassed his expectations, and this could be seen from Gu Yang’s heaven-toppling transformation. His skin was akin to dragon hide. Although it might not be able to block an Eternal divine weapon, an ordinary World Domain divine item was unable to even pierce his skin.

The defensive power of the body was linked to its physical power. As a result, based on Gu Yang’s defensive power, Long Chen could judge just how great Gu Yang’s real power was.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Following that, Li Qi and Song Mingyuan reached their limits as well. They felt like absorbing just the slightest bit more of dragon blood energy would cause their bodies to explode.

Their physical bodies had also been strengthened to an unprecedented level. Although the two didn’t rely on power to fight, powerful physical bodies would let them circulate their energy without worry. This enabled them to execute formidable techniques without concern for the strain on their bodies.

The Dragonblood warriors quickly began to reach their limits as well. When they sensed the changes in their bodies, their eyes shone with excitement.

Xia Chen was the second last to finish. Due to his weak physical body, he absorbed the dragon blood energy very slowly and carefully.

Last place was Guo Ran, and he was still unconscious. In his unconscious state, his absorption was even slower.

After adjusting their condition, the Dragonblood warriors started to practice punches and kicks. Every punch brought with it a whistling gale and ripples in the void. They were amazed by their new power.

It was an hour later that Guo Ran finally woke up. When he stood and sensed the changes in him, he couldn’t help laughing crazily. It was like he was already unrivaled.

“What are you laughing at? Do you think that this is it? How many times have I said this? There are no such shortcuts on the path of cultivation. You might have gotten through this, but when the heavenly tribulation comes, we’ll see if you can still cheat your way through,” said Long Chen irritably.

This little fellow always liked to play some tricks. However, because he was unconscious during the absorption of the dragon blood, there would be some flaws in his merger, which would be rectified in his next heavenly tribulation. The heavenly tribulation would be like a furnace that refined those impurities. The pain he would experience later would be several times more intense than what he had just undergone.

Most importantly, there would be no cheating during a heavenly tribulation. To put it frankly, he reaped what he sowed.

“Hehe, today’s affairs are for today. Tomorrow’s affairs are for tomorrow.” Guo Ran didn’t mind as he was still excited. Seeing his excitement, Long Chen was speechless. He couldn’t wait to see how Guo Ran cried when the time came.

After they were done absorbing the dragon blood, the globe of essence blood had shrunk to the size of a fist, and Long Chen immediately brought it back to the palace master.

When Long Chen arrived outside the palace master’s room, the essence blood quivered and vanished.

Long Chen knew that the palace master had absorbed it back, so he simply bowed outside the room and left without entering.

Long Chen then returned to his residence and searched for Bai Shishi and Yu Qingxuan. However, he couldn’t see them because the two were in seclusion, so he could only walk around the academy.

The academy's construction was progressing at a rapid pace. But somehow, Long Chen noticed a significant reduction in the number of individuals within the academy. After asking around, he learned that the academy’s disciples were already starting to undergo their tribulations, with most of the academy's elders departing to safeguard them against potential attacks from experts of other worlds.

Amongst the elders were Bai Zhantang, Bai Xiaole’s mother, and Bai Shishi’s mother, and they were overseeing the disciples as they confronted their tribulations.

Also, some of the academy’s senior experts, who had been stuck at their bottlenecks for many years, found their bottlenecks loosening as the new influx of primal chaos qi reinvigorated their bodies. This encouraged them to attempt breaking through to higher realms.

It didn’t matter how old they were. As long as their Blood Qi had not started regressing, they still had a chance of breaking through their bottlenecks. It could be said that the primal chaos qi had brought countless people new hope.

As a result, there were many experts with unsteady auras inside the academy. Clearly, they had just advanced and could not fully control their power yet.

Long Chen asked around and flew southwest. With his golden Kunpeng wings, he arrived in a wildland after flying for a bit.

There were four transportation formations in the surroundings, but they couldn’t be used as people were constantly undergoing tribulation here, resulting in the laws of space being unstable. Hence, people could only rely on their own power to come here.

This location had served as the site where High Firmament Academy's disciples underwent their tribulations in the past. The region was known for its exceptional attributes, boasting abundant spiritual qi and relatively gentle and comprehensive laws. It was considered one of the nine most distinguished holy lands in the Nirvana Overflow Heaven for undergoing tribulation.

As a result, countless experts who wanted to undergo their tribulations were drawn to this place. Originally, it had been under the jurisdiction of the High Firmament Academy, but due to their long absence, this place had long since become a masterless location. Even though the High Firmament Academy had reclaimed this land, it was still regarded as a masterless place, with people coming from far and wide to undergo their tribulations here.

However, the High Firmament Academy had announced that only members of the Spirit race and humans could undergo their tribulations here. As for the rest, they could go to hell for their tribulations.

The current High Firmament Academy was no longer the old High Firmament Academy. With the peerless Long Chen among the younger generation and the intimidating palace master among the senior generation, the academy had risen to unparalleled fame, and no one dared to challenge them at this point.

As a result of this, no one dared to force their way in to undergo their tribulations in this region. However, recently, some insidious experts from the other worlds had resorted to launching sneak attacks on those in the midst of their tribulations.

Furthermore, this was not a one-time thing. These invaders had originally been in the Immortal King realm, but they underwent their tribulations in the Nirvana Overflow Heaven to become World Kings before sneak attacking the experts here.

It was rumored that it was extremely difficult for World Kings to pass through the gate, whereas it was notably easier for Immortal Kings, so the invaders chose to come through the gate first and undergo their tribulations here.

These invaders were incredibly powerful, and they kept coming and going like phantoms. On numerous occasions, they had slain the human race’s heavenly geniuses during their tribulation, leaving the human race's experts uneasy.

Therefore, the disciples from various factions all underwent their tribulations under the vigilant protection of their seniors, deeming it far too dangerous to do otherwise.

Some factions had even formed alliances, so that dozens of their disciples could undergo their tribulations together, with all their seniors providing protection.

However, the attacks of the invaders still led to some terrible casualties. The human race's experts seethed with anger, but the invaders were exceptionally cunning, vanishing immediately after their attacks. Pursuing them was futile.

At times, the attacks were carried out by small squads, each consisting of dozens of individuals. If they dispersed in various directions when fleeing, then their pursuers might even fall into a trap by dividing their forces. After all, these invaders were incredibly powerful, with their World Kings being on par with half-step Eternals of this world.

Thus, all the human race’s heavenly geniuses were apprehensive about their tribulations. Undergoing tribulation in such a state significantly increased the risk of failure, yet no one in the human race had any solution to this dilemma.

“You damn bastard, come out and fight if you have the guts!”

Long Chen had just arrived at the tribulation land when he heard a furious roar in the distance. Following that, a lifeform with two wings flew in Long Chen’s direction.