Chapter 4335 Cheating the Tribulation

“Ten thousand people undergoing tribulation together?! Are you crazy?!”

Bai Zhantang and the others jumped in shock when they heard Long Chen’s proposal, not daring to believe their ears.

Furthermore, he wasn’t suggesting that these ten thousand people should undergo individual tribulations like they were currently experiencing. He wanted them to undergo their tribulations together. That was crazy.

After all, this was the World King tribulation, where a single mistake could cost someone their life. If several people underwent tribulation together, they would affect each other and increase the power of the heavenly tribulation, most likely resulting in them all being wiped out. As for ten thousand people undergoing tribulation together? That had to be a joke.

“It’s fine. Leave it to me!”

Seeing their shocked expressions, Long Chen couldn’t be bothered to explain. He turned to the academy’s disciples who were still waiting for their turn.

“Brothers, do you trust me?”

“We trust you!”

These disciples had once stood shoulder to shoulder with Long Chen in battles against the heavenly geniuses of the various races. During those perilous moments, they had glimpsed life and death from a unique perspective.

It could be said that this life of theirs had already been forfeited back then, only to be picked back up by Long Chen. As a result, they held profound admiration for Long Chen and had absolute faith in him. If Long Chen said that they could do this, they would do it.

“Alright, then there’s nothing else to say. Ten thousand brothers will go first. Just listen to my instructions.”

After he said this, practically, every single disciple in the area tried to rush to the queuing line. But unfortunately, many of them were too slow to get a spot.

All the disciples who did manage to get a spot were incredibly excited. Bai Shishi’s mother and the others all sighed upon seeing this. Long Chen’s charisma was truly too strong.

These disciples had no idea just how dangerous ten thousand collective tribulations would be. It was a completely preposterous idea.

However, these disciples didn’t mind. Even if Long Chen wanted them to charge into a lost battle and throw their lives away, they wouldn’t hesitate. Their faith in Long Chen had surpassed the realm of common sense.

“Lei Linger!”

Lei Linger appeared in the form of a pretty girl beside Long Chen. However, her face now was arrogant and icy, completely different from usual.

This was how Long Chen had told her to act this time. She needed to appear distant and aloof, rather than overly cheerful and excited.

“These brothers will be under your protection.” Long Chen cupped his fists to her.

“Big Brother Long Chen, don’t worry.” Lei Linger solemnly nodded. However, she was not that skilled in acting, and her eyes contained a hint of a joyous smile.

“Start!”

In front of everyone’s gaze, ten thousand disciples of the academy entered the core of this region, and all the other disciples retreated.

Then, their auras erupted, shattering their respective bottlenecks. As black tribulation clouds covered the sky, a berserk aura permeated the world.

At that moment, a palpable tension gripped the hearts of all. As ten thousand disciples faced their tribulations together, the tribulation's might grew exponentially. The tribulation cloud’s range was nothing short of extraordinary, blanketing an area of a hundred thousand miles.

Left with no other choice, the senior experts had to spread their defensive line, but that filled them with worry. Their defensive line had been designed for maximum protection, so spreading them thinner would cause holes to appear. When sneak attacks came, they might not be able to react in time.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Don’t worry, they probably won’t dare to approach a heavenly tribulation of this scale. After all, once the heavenly tribulation senses them, they’ll definitely die. We just need to block any long-range attacks that they might launch. Furthermore, long-range attacks will also be sensed by the heavenly tribulation and will probably be extinguished by the time they reach the core. The main question is whether or not these children will be able to endure this tribulation,” said one expert.

The next moment, the tribulation clouds quivered, and lightning arrows rained down on the disciples.

Seeing this scene, the senior experts’ hearts sank. In most cases, the first wave of the heavenly tribulation was like a gentle drizzle, gradually intensifying into a downpour before transforming into lightning arrows.

However, this time, the tribulation skipped the customary warm-up phase, giving these disciples no time to adapt. In just the first wave, quite a few of them were already injured, and all they could do was protect their vital areas. They instantly started to panic.

Their boiling excitement had been doused with a bucket of ice water, replaced by an overwhelming sense of fear.

“Dean Long Chen, this is not good…!” cried out an elder of the academy. If this continued, the ten thousand disciples might be wiped out by the heavenly tribulation.

“I can see that it’s not good either… But… there’s nothing I can do. I can’t stop the heavenly tribulation.” Long Chen shrugged helplessly.

“You…!”

“Elder Xu Feng, don’t panic. Long Chen is just joking. He’s confident inside,” said Bai Shishi’s mother hastily when she saw that this elder was about to go crazy.

Seeing that this elder was really anxious, Long Chen said, “It was just a joke. Don’t take it seriously. I apologize.”

That elder was speechless. Long Chen was supposed to be the dean of the academy. How could he make such a joke? He was taking things far too lightly. However, Elder Xu Feng was merely an elder and lacked the qualifications to criticize Long Chen.

On the other hand, Bai Shishi’s mother understood Long Chen better. She knew that despite his youth, Long Chen was always serious about important matters and wouldn't do something he had no confidence in. Moreover, he would never put the lives of the academy disciples at risk for the sake of a joke.

“What are you all waiting for? Are you just going to get hit and not hit back? How long are you going to take? Attack the tribulation and get it over with! We have more people waiting behind you!” shouted Long Chen to the people undergoing tribulation.

Suddenly, startled cries echoed through the air as the heavenly tribulation trembled, and a bolt of lightning shot toward Long Chen. Speaking to the people undergoing tribulation clearly counted as an interference, causing the tribulation to retaliate.

Everyone jumped in shock, while Bai Zhantang and the others fell back, afraid of antagonizing the tribulation further. If this suddenly escalated into a Heaven Venerate heavenly tribulation, all of these ten thousand disciples would be instantly turned to dust.

BOOM!

Long Chen simply waved his hand and shattered the lightning. For him, a heavenly tribulation on this level was nothing more than an itch.

“Hurry up! Show some manliness and stop hesitating!” shouted Long Chen.

Once more, the heavenly tribulation quivered, and this time, it manifested a giant lightning spear that surged toward Long Chen. The force behind this attack was a hundred times stronger than the previous one.

Clearly, the previous attack was just a warning, but this time, the tribulation truly wanted to kill Long Chen.

BANG!

Long Chen swiftly thrust his palm forward, shattering the lightning spear once more. Seeing Long Chen confront their heavenly tribulation, those disciples were invigorated.

“Fuck, I’ll go all out!”

One of the disciples gritted his teeth and roared. In front of countless astonished gazes, he charged through the lightning and actually attacked the heavenly tribulation.