Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4340 Defiantly Slashing Heavenly Tribulation

“Boss, are you sure?” Guo Ran whispered.

“Don’t worry. Anyone who approaches my heavenly tribulation will simply die. Even if the entire humanless world’s experts come, they will just be throwing their lives away,” said Long Chen.

This wasn’t Long Chen’s confidence in himself but in the terrifying scale of his heavenly tribulations.

“Then why don’t you undergo your heavenly tribulation in the humanless world?” asked Guo Ran.

“Are you a fool? Even if I were to do such a thing, once they realize that they’d definitely die, would they just charge right into it?” Long Chen scolded. This little fellow was only intelligent in forging.

“Oh, that’s right!” Guo Ran palmed his forehead.

If they were to undergo their tribulations in the other worlds, their enemies would simply wait for the end of their tribulation and attack them in a weakened state. At that time, Long Chen would be powerless to resist.

“Well, if they really dare to charge into our heavenly tribulation, they will be sending themselves to their deaths. I suspect they'll launch an attack as soon as the tribulation concludes, so be mentally prepared. However, don’t need to worry too much; by facing this tribulation together, I assure you that I'll be the last to complete it. When you've reached your limits, you can just exit the core of the heavenly tribulation. Once my part is over, you will naturally advance. Everything will be the same as always,” said Long Chen.

Long Chen had undergone tribulations with everyone before, and since they faced it collectively, they had to wait until everyone had completed it before they could all advance. By the end of the tribulation, Long Chen was always facing it alone, and the rest would enjoy a break to recover before the tribulation concluded entirely. As a result, when they became World Kings, they would still be in peak condition.

The place that Long Chen chose this time was not the High Firmament Academy’s sacred land. Instead, it was another sacred land located in the wilderness.

Due to their numbers and unstable auras as they were about to have their tribulations, they didn’t use a transportation formation. Instead, they spent six hours flying before they arrived, and this place was already packed with experts.

“Senior apprentice-brother Long Chen, we will guard you. Please go through your tribulation without any misgivings. As long as we have a single breath left in us, we will not allow anyone to disturb you!”

Millions and millions of the human race’s experts shouted in unison, their voices shaking the heavens. They consisted of disciples who had just finished their tribulations and their elders, and they had all come to be Long Chen’s protectors.

Having heard of the invaders coming to cause trouble for Long Chen, these people gathered from every corner of the Nirvana Overflow Heaven. Some disciples even abandoned their seclusion to come to protect him.

Seeing so many people cheering for him, Long Chen felt his blood heating up. He even had the urge to cry a bit.

The existence of these hot-blooded people proved that his decision was right. While he had never asked for anything in return when he made his decisions, their fervent passion deeply touched him.

Hence, Long Chen cupped his fists toward them. At the same time, he felt even greater confidence for his upcoming tribulation, and an invisible energy was welling up within his heart.

At some point, the golden lotus seed inside the primal chaos space started to shine like the sun. Its golden divine radiance spilled across every corner of the primal chaos space.

With the cheers and shouts of countless people, Long Chen and the others entered the core region of this sacred tribulation land. Meanwhile, the supporters formed a human wall on the perimeter.

“Senior apprentice-brother Long Chen, be careful! Traitors have emerged within the human race, and it's possible they may be in our midst!” one of them urgently exclaimed.

Another expert added, “Indeed, I've heard rumors that some humans are aiding the other races, even disguising them as our own kind. It seems nearly impossible to identify them!”

Long Chen smiled and waved to them, indicating them to be at ease. He said, “Don’t worry. During my tribulation, I am invincible. Let alone them, even an Eternal expert would be sending themselves to their death if they came. For you to come here already moves me deeply. However, I’ll have to ask you to retreat further back. The scale of this upcoming tribulation… might be a bit big!”

His domineering roar elicited a cheer from the protectors, and they immediately fell back.

“Begin!”

Millions of experts directly unleashed their auras and shattered the seals on their cultivation bases, directly charging through their bottlenecks.

The next moment, the sunny sky instantly turned dark, and tribulation clouds covered the world.

“By the heavens, it’s so large!” Originally, people had thought that they had retreated too far, only to see tribulation clouds appear beyond the horizon. So, they hastily retreated further and further as it would not be good for them to be caught in this tribulation.

“But if we go any further, we won’t be able to form a solid defense!”

“Based on this, we might be the ones who need to be defended! Run! Don’t mess around and actually end up causing trouble!” shouted an elder.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

These elders had come for two reasons. One reason was simply etiquette. After all, Long Chen had helped them immensely, so they had to come. Even if they were useless, just cheering him on counted as something.

The other reason was due to their experience. If there really was a sneak attack, old fellows like them would be more useful than the new World Kings of the junior generation. They hoped that their greater experience would be of use.

However, seeing the limitless heavenly tribulation, even the half-step Eternal elders felt terrified, so they directed everyone to continue falling back.

BOOM!

Just then, a torrent of lightning crashed down at the center of the heavenly tribulation. It was like a dam being broken, and the resulting flood smashed into Long Chen and the others.

“It’s starting…!”

Everyone’s heart clenched. This was their first time seeing such a supreme heavenly tribulation. Furthermore, just the first wave was already so terrifying, looking as if they would be directly crushed by it.

“Attack!”

Just as the heavenly tribulation descended, Gu Yang raised his spear and roared. He charged against the flow of lightning.

When everyone was shocked by his actions, rays of sword-light slashed through the air, slicing the tribulation clouds into pieces.

“What?!”

This time, they saw it clearly. The one to slice apart the heavenly tribulation clouds was the peerless sword cultivator who had sliced the Sage King martial stage apart, Yue Zifeng.

“Heavens, they’re all monsters!”

At this moment, the Dragonblood warriors charged up against the tide. Rays of divine light streaked through the air as they assaulted the tribulation clouds.

Following this wild assault, the disciples of the Battle God Palace, the High Firmament Academy, and the Starry River Sect followed suit. Only Long Chen remained standing on the ground.

“What is going on? Senior apprentice-brother Long Chen isn’t undergoing his tribulation!” At this moment, people realized that Long Chen’s aura was still the same, stuck in the Immortal King realm.

Just then, furious roars shook the heavens, and endless lightning beasts appeared in the sky, surrounding everyone.