Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4345 A Different Tribulation

“Palace master, didn’t you say that you wouldn’t expose yourself?”

“I wasn’t planning to at first, but Long Chen’s heavenly tribulation is just too enormous, and it has thrown the laws of the entire Nirvana Overflow Heaven into chaos. The gates to the humanless world and the Great Desolate World are being affected by this heavenly tribulation, so their real experts might arrive soon. The original plan was for Long Chen to be the bait and draw over some dislikable fellows, but now the situation has changed. I’m worried that the bait will be eaten,” said the palace master.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“You’re afraid that the Eternal experts of the other worlds are coming?!” exclaimed Bai Shishi’s mother.

The palace master nodded. “Some old fellows of the human race have stealthily advanced thanks to receiving some benefits from the invaders. Originally, I was planning on killing them, but given the scope of this heavenly tribulation, the powerful pull might cause the gates to fully open. There might be a bloody battle in a bit.”

Just as they spoke, the tribulation clouds filled the sky in every direction, plunging the world into darkness.

It was like the heavens were closing their eyes. As the tribulation clouds condensed, everyone’s hearts pounded with terror. An icy chill sank into their bones, and the feeling of impending death enveloped them all.

“Long Chen…!”

Upon seeing the terrifying tribulation clouds covering the sky, Yu Qingxuan and Bai Shishi were filled with worry. This heavenly tribulation was absolutely terrifying.

“I’m fine. Leave!” Long Chen smiled at the two of them and indicated for them to leave with the others.

Long Chen had not unleashed his aura this entire time. But when the Dragonblood warriors were undergoing tribulation, he clearly sensed that the heavenly tribulation had started to grasp his aura.

The reason it took so long to descend was because it was accumulating power. All the energy of the Nirvana Overflow Heaven had been gathered by it.

Looking at the boundless heavenly tribulation, Long Chen understood why his father had so decisively told him that they had to split up to undergo their tribulations. A tribulation on this scale would suck away an entire world’s power. Hence, if the two of them were to undergo tribulation in the same place, there might not be enough power for them.

Although the Dragonblood warriors had undergone many heavenly tribulations with Long Chen, they had never seen one on this terrifying scale, so they were also worried for Long Chen.

However, they didn’t want to show it and just retreated with everyone else to avoid getting drawn in.

On the outer ring, quite a few people looked as pale as paper, trembling as they involuntarily knelt. In front of this supreme heavenly might, they could only submit and didn’t dare to show the slightest resistance.

On the other hand, the disciples whom Long Chen had protected during their World King tribulation didn’t kneel even though they also felt reverence for heaven and earth. Still, under this pressure, they were barely able to remain standing.

After all, in order to save time back then, Long Chen had told them to attack their tribulations, so they had a certain resistance toward this pressure.

BOOM!

The tribulation clouds had now completed their gathering, and there was no longer a glimmer of light in the world. It had become a realm of absolute darkness, inducing a sense of despair, akin to an impending apocalypse.

Suddenly, lightning materialized within the tribulation clouds and gathered toward the central point directly above Long Chen's head. Within the black tribulation clouds, lightning dragons emerged one after another, numbering in the thousands—no, tens of thousands, and all of them were flowing into the tribulation clouds right above his head.

As these lightning dragons limitlessly gathered from every direction, the ground began to collapse, crack, and explode from the pressure.

With the ground beneath their feet collapsing, the onlookers hastily fled in terror. Some people were so affected by the heavenly pressure that they were paralyzed and could only beg others to drag them away.

No one knew how many lightning dragons had appeared, but they continued to flow into the tribulation clouds above Long Chen’s head. After a full hour, the tribulation clouds above him had turned into a swirling vortex.

As the vortex spun, it grew larger and larger. Its terrifying suction force warped the entire world, rendering it surreal.

The land beneath the tribulation clouds also underwent a transformation, turning into another vortex. The earth was collapsing, and a bottomless hole appeared. In the midst of the two vortexes, Long Chen appeared incredibly small, utterly powerless.

Despite the chaos unfolding around him, Long Chen remained remarkably composed, looking calmly at the tribulation clouds above his head. In stark contrast, the humanless world’s experts who were trapped in the lightning barrier felt uneasy.

Witnessing the unfolding spectacle, they were filled with horror and astonishment. Even the once-arrogant and indomitable two-headed black python had abandoned its attack on the barrier and now gazed in stupefied terror at the heavenly tribulation.

"Release us! We want to go home!" The two-headed black python suddenly cried out, its tone carrying a note of desperation and even a trace of sobbing.

“This fellow’s head must be broken!”

The Dragonblood warriors were utterly dumbfounded by his reaction, especially Xia Chen and Guo Ran, who had witnessed firsthand the sheer terror of the nine peak experts from the humanless world. However, one of these terrifying experts actually said something so brainless? Had he been scared shitless?

This guy had attempted a sneak attack to kill them all, but now he wanted them to release him and his people? No one dared to believe their ears.

“Release you? Go home?” Long Chen's gaze shifted from the heavenly tribulation to the trapped two-headed python, his expression taking on a sneer.

“You know how to return home at this time? What about the human race in your world that you wiped out to the last? Did you let them off? Did you think about how much they wanted to go home?”

BOOM!

Suddenly, the spinning vortexes within heaven and earth came to a stop. Following that, a terrifying sensation of death enveloped Long Chen’s heart.

Long Chen jumped in shock. Without hesitation, his Kunpeng wings quivered, and he vanished. In the same instant, Lei Linger disappeared as well, causing the barrier trapping the humanless world’s experts to vanish with her.

For a moment, those liberated experts were simply stunned. Before they could react, a pillar of lightning crashed down, enveloping all of them.

“Join forces-!”

Seeing that there was still time, the two-headed black python roared. His scales exploded in a bloody mess as he used a sacrificial technique to unleash his absolute maximum power. His people also unleashed their full power.

BOOM!

An enormous pillar of lightning crashed down, drowning the two-headed black python and his people’s all-out attacks. They didn’t even cause a ripple before being wiped out of existence. Just like that, thousands of experts were simply annihilated.

This enormous pillar of light pierced the ground. Following that, some smaller pillars of light also flew out of the earth, soaring into the tribulation clouds and instantly turning this space into a cage.

Long Chen’s expression changed. This time, his heavenly tribulation was truly different, as it started with a killer move.

The enormous lightning cage rapidly closed in, compressing the surrounding space as if attempting to forcibly crush Long Chen just like that.

“Seven Star Battle Armor!”

Long Chen had a bad feeling and directly entered his strongest state. Then, he spread his arms.

BOOM!

With a heaven-shaking explosion, the enormous cage shrank to just a few feet in size, firmly trapping Long Chen. This sudden change elicited startled cries from the onlookers.

Seven stars flowed behind Long Chen as he struggled against the cage’s constriction. He did stop the cage from shrinking any further, but the immense force caused his bones to creak under pressure.

“Break!” Long Chen roared, veins throbbing on his forehead as he pushed with all his power.