Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4355 You’re the One Courting DeathFôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Nirvana Overflow Heaven underwent a transformation, not only in the laws of the Heavenly Daos and the cultivation environment but most significantly in the hearts of its people.

Human hearts were inherently fickle, but this time, the change was too drastic, revealing the ugly side of human nature. Some individuals and factions already aligned themselves with the other races. What made it worse was while some joined openly, others did it in secret, so no one knew whom to trust now. Many factions also remained on the sidelines, observing the unfolding events. After all, choosing a side would determine their fate, so they didn’t dare to make any rash decisions.

Fortunately, the majority of the human race’s experts stood resolute. Their determination stemmed from the fact that their genius disciples had undergone tribulations under Long Chen's protection.

After all, before facing their tribulations, their disciples had solemnly sworn on their own hearts not to betray their conscience and sense of righteousness.

Although they could always find excuses and reasons to join the other races, even lying to themselves that they would be acting as spies for the human race, in the end, they might be able to lie to others, but they couldn’t lie to themselves.

Hence, if they wanted a future, they had to follow their hearts. Moreover, having personally witnessed Long Chen's formidable strength, they firmly believed that he would lead the human race to glory. Even amid Long Chen's seclusion and the circulating rumors, their confidence in him remained unshaken.

In contrast, other factions had undergone their tribulations before them without Long Chen’s help. Thus, they hadn’t sworn anything and had no such misgivings.

Although these people knew that being traitors was disgraceful, they rationalized their actions by citing the need to keep up with the times. Some even said, “A wise man submits to circumstance.” Hence, they started to collude with other races.

After receiving sweet benefits from these alliances, they started to put in more effort in fawning over the invaders, helping the invaders come up with stratagems to use against the human race.

In the end, it was the human race that understood themselves the best. They knew their greatest weaknesses. Thus, with their aid, more and more people were brought under the camp of the other races.

Some factions were even so brazen that they used the power of these alliances to wipe out their enemies and rival factions.

In just one month, the Nirvana Overflow Heaven entered a completely chaotic state. The entire world was thrown into a panic.

Constant conflicts were erupting throughout every corner of the Nirvana Overflow Heaven, and the shadow of the other races was already in the background.

However, these conflicts always occurred far away from the High Firmament Academy. Ever since those Eternal experts tried to leave a challenge letter and were slain by the palace master, those other races didn’t dare to approach the academy.

Even so, the scope and frequency of the conflicts were growing overall, and one of these clashes unfolded at the Starry River Sect.

Located in the northwest of the Nirvana Overflow Heaven, the Starry River Sect had established itself on the remnants of the original ruins, creating a vast and impressive structure. The Starry River Sect had numerous disciples, so they put a great deal of effort into rebuilding to make sure it was big enough and didn’t feel packed. However, a project of this magnitude would require at least a hundred, if not a thousand years to complete. They had just laid the initial foundations of the structure, but now they were forced to stop working.

With the gates to the humanless world and the Great Desolate World open, numerous factions had set their sights on the recently rising Starry River Sect. After all, the rise of any sect would disrupt the current balance of the world, so many factions would try to stop it.

Many neighboring factions were extremely displeased by the Starry River Sect’s new construction. Essentially, all of these factions had aligned themselves with the other races, so they used the latter’s support to block the Starry River Sect’s growth. This interference angered the Starry River Sect’s disciples, leading to a big battle.

The initial battle was not a problem. However, the true issue arose when experts from the Great Desolate World and the humanless world intervened. Claiming to uphold justice, they started to target the Starry River Sect.

They set up a martial stage and declared that if the Starry River Sect won five out of nine duels, they would not get in the way of the sect’s construction.

The Starry River Sect’s experts knew that there was something fishy behind this challenge and had sought assistance from the High Firmament Academy. Unfortunately, no reply was received, leaving them no choice but to reluctantly accept the challenge.

Today marked the appointed day for the duels, and the Starry River Sect found themselves surrounded by an immense crowd of experts, numbering in the millions.

These people had not come solely for the duels; their main interest was in determining if Long Chen would remain hidden even in front of such a provocation.

Could it be that the rumors were true? Had Long Chen succumbed to injury during the tribulation and passed away?

The other worlds’ experts pressed the Starry River Sect to see the High Firmament Academy’s reaction. If the High Firmament Academy continued to cower, it would serve as a confirmation that Long Chen really had died.

After all, everyone knew of Long Chen’s relationship with the Starry River Sect. If someone were to bully the Starry River Sect, then as long as Long Chen was alive, he wouldn’t stand idly by. Numerous experts had come to see if Long Chen would appear or not. After all, the rumors flying around were crazy.

Only Long Chen’s appearance could dispel those rumors and restore the confidence of the human race. Hence, all the human experts there were nervous.

“I wonder if Dean Long Chen will appear. I’m going to die of anxiety at this rate,” expressed a concerned female cultivator.

“Senior apprentice-brother Long Chen will definitely come. With his unparalleled divine might, he’s definitely fine,” comforted a newly advanced World King. However, while he reassured her, he was not sure either.

“So what if he has unparalleled power? No one in history has survived an attack by the hand of the heavens. What could Long Chen possibly do?” A disdainful voice rang out at this time.

“You… you’re supposed to be a member of the human race, but you became the dog of the other races! Where is your conscience?!” raged that female disciple.

The disdainful voice came from a fair-faced man adorned in robes featuring an eagle emblem on his chest—a clear indication that he had pledged allegiance to the demonic beasts

In truth, many people in the vicinity bore special marks on conspicuous parts of their bodies to show that they had cast their lot with the invaders.

These marks were symbols of traitors, yet these individuals perceived them not as badges of shame but as tokens of honor. They stuck their chests out as they walked, as if afraid that others would overlook their affiliations. Witnessing such a display, the onlookers were fueled with anger and could only clench their teeth in frustration.

“Silly little girl, watch your tongue! You don’t know how to keep up with the times and that death has come for you. Truly the peak of foolishness,” sneered that man upon being reprimanded.

“We still don’t know whose death is approaching. Once Dean Long Chen appears, you traitors won’t even have a chance to kneel and beg for mercy!” shouted that woman coldly.

“Courting death!”

Feeling incensed, the man suddenly opened his mouth, and a blood arrow shot toward that woman.

No one had expected him to suddenly launch a killing move. By the time the woman reacted, the arrow was right in front of her, leaving her with no time to dodge.

Just as she closed her eyes and awaited death, the blood arrow struck her head. However, the arrow simply exploded, while she remained perfectly fine.

“You’re the one courting death, you pitiful child!”

Just then, an icily arrogant voice rang out.