Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4455 As You Wish

“Kill!”

Guo Ran was like an unstoppable battle god as he charged through the budding Doyens. The Jiuli immortal characters on his battle armor fluctuated, blasting away the budding Doyens.

“His armor is strange! It can absorb our power and return it to us! Don’t waste time on him and kill the others. Stop that girl’s danc—!” A budding Doyen tried to go around Guo Ran to sneak attack Little Crane, only to be struck by a streak of sword-light and cut in two.

In an instant, Yue Zifeng had slain a budding Doyen. Then, with a swift flick of his sword, streaks of sword-light shot through the air.

Hundreds of budding Doyens were directly driven away from Little Crane, riddled with bloody holes. Some had seven or eight holes, while others were riddled with dozens of wounds.

A sense of terror gripped them. Yue Zifeng’s sword Qi was able to ignore their Heavenly Dao protection. Shields condensed of Heavenly Dao energy could block divine weapons, but in the face of Yue Zifeng’s sword, they were as feeble as paper.

Gu Yang, Li Qi, Song Mingyuan, Xia Chen, Bai Shishi, Yu Qingxuan, and the others also joined in the battle, firmly blocking thousands of budding Doyens.

With thousands of budding Doyens attacking at once, people simply assumed that the Dragonblood Legion would instantly collapse. However, no such thing occurred.

Suddenly, one fish managed to slip through the net and got close to Little Crane. Little Crane remained entirely absorbed in her dance, while her aunts had formed a triangle around her, murmuring as if in prayer.

Seeing that they had no defenses up, that budding Doyen was delighted. While he dared not harm Little Crane directly, merely interrupting her could lead to Ye Ling's realm weakening and the release of the nether dragon race leader.

However, as he approached within ten miles, a barrier resembling a giant pupil appeared before him, and the three-flower pattern spun inside of it. With a startled cry, he was involuntarily transported away.

“Big Brother Guo Ran!” cried out Bai Xiaole.

Hearing that, Guo Ran didn’t even look back and just stabbed his saber behind him.

Guo Ran’s saber struck nothing more than thin air, but curiously, that budding Doyen was suddenly impaled by it.

Everyone jumped in fright upon seeing this. But in truth, Guo Ran and Bai Xiaole were smart and had long since discussed a cooperation tactic.

Bai Xiaole’s Three Flower Pupils could transport people wherever he wanted, but this was really more of a defensive tactic, as it didn’t possess killing power.

Having seen through this problem, Guo Ran and Bai Xiaole then discussed making a combination technique together. Bia Xiaole could transport the enemies to Guo Ran, and Guo Ran would deal the killing blow. This way, enemies who weren’t on guard against them would definitely die.

Ever since the Dragonblood Legion had gathered, Bai Xiaole no longer stuck right behind Long Chen all day. Instead, he spent most of his time with Guo Ran and Xia Chen.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Instead of dedicating his time to cultivating, the mischievous Guo Ran was always concocting cheap tricks like this. He felt that conning people to death was the most satisfying thing to do.

With his childish character, Bai Xiaole was swiftly ensnared by Guo Ran's mischievous ways. Most importantly, he felt a great sense of accomplishment to use a move that they came up with themselves.

Who knew just how many times they had practiced this in secret? This move of theirs had been refined to the point of being flawless.

The angle of Guo Ran’s saber, the way he stood—everything about him appeared suave and domineering. It was simply perfect.

Now, the heavens had presented him with an opportunity. Guo Ran's self-assured and graceful movements left the onlookers genuinely astonished.

After piercing through the budding Doyen, Guo Ran lit up the runes of his sabers, and the power he had long since accumulated burst forth, blowing up his enemy.

This budding Doyen had no inkling of what had occurred before meeting his demise; everything unfolded too quickly. After all, Bai Xiaole’s divine ability was so well-trained that it could be instantly activated.

Actually, most people believed that the budding Doyen had used some substitute technique to launch a sneak attack on Guo Ran, only to be seen through and slain.

Yet, these aspiring Doyens were resilient, and they weren’t ready to retreat. Their bloodthirsty killing intent surged forth.

While feeling startled and incensed, they were still mighty budding Doyens. If they were unable to even beat Long Chen’s subordinates, would they still have the face to live in this world?

Furthermore, they were hostile toward humans, so they weren’t just attacking the Dragonblood Legion to gain favor with the nether dragon race. They were doing it to help themselves.

“Kill!” Those budding Doyens roared and continued to charge forward. The Dragonblood Legion fought back fiercely, creating a battle of attrition to determine who would yield first.

What shocked people, however, wasn’t Guo Ran, Yue Zifeng, and the other top experts. Instead, it was the collective effort of around thirty Dragonblood warriors that proved remarkable. Collaborating effectively, they managed to withstand the attacks of several budding Doyens and even launched sharp counterattacks against them. Looking down on them, one arrogant budding Doyen ventured too close and was directly dismembered.

The five thousand Dragonblood warriors were fully capable of holding their ground against the budding Doyens, without being at the slightest disadvantage. This sight left spectators in awe.

On the other side of the battlefield, loud explosions persisted, and it was even more shocking there. Tens of thousands of Eternal experts and budding Doyens were attacking Long Chen at the same time.

These budding Doyens were extremely conceited, looking down on the concept of attacking Long Chen’s subordinates. Their goal was to vanquish the human race’s Sage King personally.

Even after seeing Long Chen’s terrifying power, they were still fearless. After all, the allure of slaying the human race’s Sage King was too great, and whoever killed him would obtain the Heaven Earth Cauldron. This kind of temptation could drive anyone mad.

As Long Chen was already exhausted after fighting for so long, if they didn’t take advantage of this, they would be fools.

BOOM!

While chasing after Netherdragon Tianzhao, Long Chen found himself thwarted by the combined power of the nether dragon race’s Eternal experts. And to make things worse, the attacks of thousands of other Eternal experts forced him back, causing him to cough up blood.

Long Chen's fury exploded as he witnessed the combined forces of the nether dragon race's Eternal experts around Netherdragon Tianzhao, along with a multitude of experts from other worlds joining the fray.

“Since you want to die so badly, I’ll fulfill your wish!”

Long Chen took out a medicinal pill and swallowed it. In an instant, his declining aura grew explosively once again.