Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4468 Corrupt Blood Tree Demon

Long Chen’s previous attack had come out of nowhere. However, to his surprise, the enemies had their countermeasures in place, and they executed their trap flawlessly.

Fortunately, Yue Zifeng arrived just in time to help Long Chen out of his predicament. Otherwise, Long Chen would have struggled under the binding vines.

As soon as Long Chen escaped the vines, he smashed the warhammer with the Earth Cauldron. Direct exchanges like this were what he feared the least.

BOOM!

The warhammer instantly disintegrated. This terrifying Saint weapon was nothing in front of the Earth Cauldron.

After the impact, a large lifeform spat out a mouthful of blood as he was pierced through by the fragments of his warhammer.

A golden saber slashed down right at this moment, directly beheading that large lifeform.

“Guo Ran is here! Who dares to fight me?!” shouted Guo Ran. As soon as he arrived, he directly dealt the killing blow to that Doyen, taking advantage of the Doyen’s severe wounds.

Upon the Doyen’s demise, blood rain once again descended from the heavens. It seemed that the heavens were weeping.

Just then, Gu Yang, Li Qi, Song Mingyuan, Xia Chen, Bai Xiaole, Bai Shishi, Yu Qingxuan, Ye Ling, Ye Xue, and the rest of the Dragonblood Legion also charged in.

Seeing those Doyens, Gu Yang and the others’ eyes reddened. Now, they finally had a chance to fight a group of Doyens. They definitely wouldn’t let this opportunity go to waste.

As for Guo Ran, after killing the first Doyen, he chose to be generous and refrained from contending with others for the spoils. Instead, he took the lead, directing the Dragonblood warriors against the opposing army.

With one Doyen down, six remained. In an instant, Gu Yang, Li Qi, Song Mingyuan, Yue Zifeng, Xia Chen, Bai Shishi, Bai Xiaole, and Yu Qingxuan surrounded them.

This was the case of “there are many wolves but not enough meat”. Other than Yu Qingxuan who decided to take responsibility for providing support, the others engaged in an intense clash.

After all, these six were Heavenly Doyens, the strongest heavenly geniuses of the world. To be able to beat them was a great achievement.

Yue Zifeng confronted his opponent solo—a lifeform entwined in vines. The resilient vines proved no match for Yue Zifeng’s Sword Qi, easily severed with relentless precision. There was no stopping him, so that lifeform had to repeatedly retreat.

Golden light blazed out of Bai Shishi. In her manifestation, the goddess statue unleashed a concentrated divine light onto her golden sword. Each swing of her sword sent shockwaves through the world, resonating with formidable power.

Bai Shishi was extremely powerful and ferocious, unleashing a barrage of vicious moves that allowed her to contend evenly with a Doyen on her own.

Adjacent to her on the battlefield, Bai Xiaole and the Violet Pupil Nine Tail Fox had merged, transforming into the true form of the Violet Pupil Nine Tail Fox. As its sharp claws raked through the air, it also fought evenly with a Heavenly Doyen.

The Violet Pupil Nine Tail Fox finally showed the true face of a desolate beast, its horrifying killing intent sending shivers down the spines of those present.

Gu Yang was also fighting solo, while Li Qi and Song Mingyuan joined forces against one Doyen. When the two worked together, their earthen giants unleashed unprecedented power, pressing back their opponent so hard that they could only defend.

Xia Chen swiftly wove intricate hand seals, launching a barrage of talismans against the Heavenly Doyen. On this battlefield, Xia Chen’s battle was the most captivating one.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The detonation of each talisman resembled a burst of fireworks, each manifesting tens of thousands of distinct divine abilities. The infuriated Doyen found himself repeatedly pushed back, unable to break free from the encirclement of Xia Chen's talismans despite several attempts.

Seeing that the Dragonblood Legion could handle things here, Long Chen stopped fighting. The Earth Spirit race’s elites also dove in, and with the Dragonblood Legion as the vanguard, they swept through the battlefield.

As Ye Xue glowed, divine light fell upon the Earth Spirit race’s experts. With that sacred light supporting them, it was like they had endless power.

Long Chen knew that Ye Xue’s ability was not for attacking but for supporting. She could bestow the power of the Heavenly Daos to all of her people, greatly increasing their battle prowess.

The battlefield descended into utter chaos, teeming with innumerable experts and unfamiliar lifeforms unseen by the Dragonblood Legion before. To make things worse, tree demons emerged sporadically from the ground, attempting sneak attacks on Long Chen’s side.

However, with the Dragonblood Legion’s experience in countless battles, this kind of little trick was nothing. They waged a relentless slaughter, turning the battleground into a landscape where rivers of blood flowed freely.

Hovering in the air, Long Chen overlooked the battle. Although their enemies outnumbered them and there were too many Eternal expert enemies to count, Long Chen saw that everything was under control. Victory was merely a matter of time.

At first, he was a bit worried that these Doyens would be too much for them. However, he quickly found that these Doyens were actually weaker than Netherdragon Tianzhao.

Long Chen didn’t know why there would be such a difference between Doyens. But whether it was their manifestations, auras, or power, they were clearly a whole level weaker than Netherdragon Tianzhao.

Long Chen wasn’t the only one who noticed it. The ones fighting them also saw this difference and quickened their pace of attacks. If they couldn’t even beat people like this, how could they have the face to follow Long Chen?

“Long Chen, let’s go support the palace master!”

Ye Ling also joined the battle at the start. Due to just returning to the Esoteric Spirit World, her power was still rising from the Eternal realm to the Saint realm. Although she hadn’t recovered to her peak, seeing that the fate of this battle was already determined, she wanted to help the palace master.

After all, the palace master was fighting one against many. If something happened to him, then this battle would ultimately end in their defeat.

“Alright.”

Long Chen was also somewhat worried about the palace master. Originally, according to Ye Ling, there were only two other Saints in the Esoteric Spirit World. With the support of the Earth Spirit race’s karmic luck, even one against two, she was able to fight them.

Later, they managed to invite a helper, and the three of them joined forces to break her defenses. After that, the Earth Spirit race was forced to flee.

According to reason, the Esoteric Spirit World should only house three Saints, but the discovery of two additional ones made Ye Ling uneasy. After recovering a bit, she set off with Long Chen.

As they traversed the terrain, they encountered widespread devastation, providing a clear trail to follow along with distant rumblings. They quickly saw some enormous figures in the distance.

When she saw who was fighting, Ye Ling was shocked and enraged.

“Corrupt Blood Tree Demon!”