Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4474 Esoteric Spirit Eye

The Esoteric Spirit World served as a channel that connected to two other realms. While one link led to the Darklight Heaven, the second forged a connection to a mysterious and boundless world—the very source of the endless primal chaos qi within the Esoteric Spirit World.

Back in the humanless world, Long Chen had also come across a similar phenomenon. However, a distinct disparity lay in the fact that the Esoteric Spirit World's channel directly interfaced with this mysterious and arcane dimension.

From the mysterious primal chaos eye in the humanless world, Long Chen could sense primal chaos qi gushing out of there. Nonetheless, traversing through it proved to be an impossible feat.

One reason why Long Chen was in such a rush to help the Earth Spirit race reclaim the Esoteric Spirit World was also due to this selfish motivation. After hearing about the Esoteric Spirit Eye, he wanted to know just what kind of world it was.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

When Long Chen, Xia Chen, and Guo Ran were busy dealing with the corpses, the Earth Spirit race mobilized their forces to search for the Esoteric Spirit Eye. Finally, under the old nest of the Fiend Demon race, they found the Esoteric Spirit Eye.

The Fiend Demon race was one of the Earth Spirit race’s mortal enemies, and they had tried to seal off the Esoteric Spirit World, preventing the rest of the world from enjoying the endless primal chaos qi gushing out of it.

However, there was no way to truly seal off the Esoteric Spirit Eye. The Fiend Demon race had put down a forceful seal on it, only for that seal to suddenly explode and almost wipe them out.

After that, they realized that they could only enjoy the benefits that the Esoteric Spirit Eye brought, and they couldn’t keep it for themselves.

Nevertheless, the Fiend Demon race persisted in employing some petty tricks, doing their best to retain the purest primal chaos qi within their territory before allowing it to spread throughout the world. That was more beneficial to their cultivation.

The Earth Spirit race didn’t mind this, given the abundant amount of primal chaos qi in this world. The actions of the Fiend Demon race had negligible effects on the Earth Spirit race’s cultivation progress.

However, the Fiend Demon race didn’t know about their indifference. To prevent the Earth Spirit race from one day claiming the Esoteric Spirit Eye, those idiots set down countless mechanisms to conceal its aura. As a result, the Earth Spirit race was aware of its existence but remained oblivious to its precise location.

After that, the Fiend Demon race was wiped out of existence, with the higher-ups slain by the palace master and the Dragonblood Legion. As for the remaining small fish, they didn’t know about this secret. As a result, the Earth Spirit race had to spend a great deal of time and effort before they finally found the Esoteric Spirit Eye beneath the nest of the Fiend Demon race. When they did, they immediately alerted Long Chen.

Long Chen was overjoyed to hear this news. Having dealt with the corpses. Xia Chen was busy examining the Saint cores and blood to create the best talismans from them. Guo Ran was also thinking of adding Saint runes to his armor to increase its power.

However, when their boss ordered them, they directly followed him to the Fiend Demon race’s ancestral land. The once proud nest was in ruins, with the original structures torn down. Nature had started to reclaim the area, manifesting new vegetation that seemed to be attempting to cleanse and rejuvenate the scarred land.

At the heart of this desolate region, there was an enormous empty space. It was at this moment that Long Chen finally beheld the Esoteric Spirit Eye.

The Esoteric Spirit Eye was an enormous lake. Its long and narrow shape resembled an eye, and it was as flat as a mirror. Endless primal chaos qi gushed out of this expansive space.

“What pure primal chaos qi! It’s like the mist produced by top grade primal chaos spirit stones,” exclaimed Xia Chen.

The primal chaos qi here was comparable to qi gathering formations made with top grade primal chaos spirit stones. It had to be known that Xia Chen didn’t have that many top grade primal chaos spirit stones, so he treated each one as a treasure to be used on his talismans and Guo Ran’s tools. He wasn’t willing to waste them on qi gathering formations.

This indicated that the primal chaos qi coming out of the lake was incredibly dense, akin to the output of a top-tier natural qi gathering formation. The Dragonblood Legion would be able to cultivate much more effectively here.

“The humanless world’s primal chaos eye was garbage compared to this place,” said Guo Ran.

Having entered the humanless world with Long Chen and claimed the primal chaos qi from the primal chaos eye, the two of them had felt the primal chaos eye to be a peerless treasure back then. But now, they found something even more extraordinary.

“Race leader Ye Ling, have you gone down to take a look?” asked Long Chen.

Ye Ling shook her head. “The holy tree told us not to go, saying that it involved too much karma. So we found it, we only went to inform you.”

Karma? Long Chen wasn’t afraid of such a thing. Clearly, the holy tree’s perception was amazing. It didn’t permit Ye Ling and the others to go down but instructed them to relay information about the Esoteric Spirit Eye to Long Chen. This implied that it knew Long Chen wasn’t afraid of this karma.

Long Chen nodded. He had Ye Ling and Ye Xue guard the surroundings in case anything happened.

After that, he directly dove in with Xia Chen and Guo Ran. After entering the Esoteric Spirit Eye, Long Chen’s heart shook.

To his surprise, the Esoteric Spirit Eye was bone-chillingly cold. Guo Ran immediately summoned his battle armor, while Xia Chen also condensed a barrier around himself.

The Esoteric Spirit Eye was deep. The further they went down, the colder it got, to the point that frost appeared on Guo Ran’s armor. However, curiously, the water around them wasn’t freezing.

Despite the bone-chilling coldness of the water, Long Chen’s robust physical body rendered him impervious to it, while Xia Chen's barrier effectively shielded them from the cold. In this manner, the trio continued their descent.

As they descended further, not only did the water pressure intensify, but the cold transcended its physical impact, seeping into the soul. Guo Ran, in particular, was reaching the limits of his endurance.

“Boss, I feel like…”

“Fine, you can go!” Long Chen glared at him and already knew what he was thinking.

Although Guo Ran’s combat power was shocking and comparable to weaker Doyens, his power primarily stemmed from his battle armor. In this environment, the effect of his battle armor seemed to be limited. Hence, the minute the cold started invading his soul, he started to beat the gong of retreat.

Long Chen didn’t force him to continue and pressed down with Xia Chen. Thankfully, Xia Chen’s Spiritual Strength was extremely powerful, enabling him to control thousands of talismans at once and resist the cold and pressure.

The Esoteric Spirit Eye was like a bottomless hole. Fortunately, Xia Chen wasn’t Guo Ran. His combat power, willpower, and Spiritual Strength were all strong, so he followed close behind Long Chen.

“Boss, we’re almost at the end!”

Xia Chen suddenly let out a delighted shout. It was no longer dark beneath them as there was a spot of light.

The two were rejuvenated and went straight for it. When they were less than a hundred miles from it, an overwhelming force abruptly impeded their advance, bringing them to an abrupt halt.

“There’s a barrier!” Xia Chen’s expression changed.