Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4498 Great Circle of World King

As thunder rumbled in the sky, the pressure of a Saint descended. A colossal lightning dragon then swirled through the clouds, voraciously consuming the thunderforce. This lightning dragon was none other than Lei Linger, who had endured countless Saint pill tribulations.

Thanks to the black soil devouring the bodies of Saints, the primal chaos space was now saturated with thunderforce, allowing Lei Linger to continuously enhance her strength. Nevertheless, a Saint’s body contained only a limited amount of thunderforce. On the other hand, the thunderforce in this heavenly tribulation seemed boundless.

The downside to it was that the thunderforce was extremely violent and contained the will of heaven and earth. It wasn’t as gentle as the Saint thunderforce in the primal chaos space.

However, after fighting against it countless times, Long Chen finally thought of a way to have Lei Linger absorb as much of that energy as possible. She simply didn’t need to fight.

Lei Linger would absorb as much of this heavenly tribulation’s energy as possible, simply keeping it inside her body until she was about to burst before returning to the primal chaos space. Then that thunderforce would immediately become much gentler.

Thus, Lei Linger was wantonly absorbing thunderforce in the outside world. As long as her body didn’t explode, she could keep absorbing more.

Long Chen would always summon Saint pill tribulation when he refined the Sacred Light Snow Lotus Pill. Hence, Lei Linger had undergone this kind of absorption many times.

With a supreme cheat item like the primal chaos space, by the time Long Chen finished his refinement and summoned the next tribulation, Lei Linger would have finished refining the thunderforce from before and be ready to absorb more.

After Long Chen had absorbed the nether dragon race leader’s Heavenly Dao energy, all his essence, qi, and spirit had improved immensely. As a result, he no longer needed to use medicinal pills to recover his Spiritual Strength during the pill refinement.

After completing over ten refinements, he could just take a brief rest and promptly resume his work.

Refining the Sacred Light Snow Lotus Pill now required only the time it took for an incense stick to burn. Long Chen’s speed was simply unparalleled, and if news of this spread, it would definitely scare a mass of alchemists to death.

With each Saint pill Long Chen refined, more rust fell from the Earth Cauldron, and its sacred aura intensified. The extensive refinement proved to be immensely beneficial for the cauldron. As the rust gradually disappeared, it exposed a series of runes that left Long Chen deeply astonished.

Despite not being a rune expert, Long Chen felt like he was looking at a miniature version of the universe. Each rune seemed like a miniature embodiment of the laws governing the world.

However, other than the rust, there were still stains left on those runes, looking like bloodstains. Long Chen wanted to brush them off, only for the Earth Cauldron to shout at him not to. It said that starting now, Long Chen could no longer touch it, or he would be infected by some terrifying karma.

At that time, Long Chen had jumped in shock. Ever since the Earth Cauldron woke up, it had been like a kindly elder and had never shouted at him so harshly.

For it to be so serious, this matter could not be taken lightly. Hence, Long Chen didn’t even dare to ask more questions about it.

The Earth Cauldron explained to Long Chen that he could touch it before due to the protective layer of rust. With the rust falling away, its true form was becoming apparent, and Long Chen could no longer casually touch it.

Also, the stains had to have some terrifying origins, so the Earth Cauldron warned Long Chen never to touch them. From now on, if he wanted to summon it to defend, he would have to use Spiritual Strength alone.

Before Long Chen was berated, he had used his Spiritual Strength to examine those stains.

Other than the aura of time, he also sensed a fierce aura. However, he didn’t dare to examine it further as that aura sent shivers down his spine.

Since Long Chen couldn’t ask about those things any further, he simply continued refining pills with the Earth Cauldron. Just like that, Lei Linger was constantly growing stronger.

Finally, the primal chaos space’s corpses had been fully devoured, so Long Chen tossed the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest onto the black soil.

The black soil had finished devouring the bodies of Saints, and its devouring power had intensified to the extent that the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest was visibly shrinking

The life energy it released spurred rampant growth in all the vegetation within the primal chaos space. The Thousand Leaf Sacred Light Lotus underwent cycles of maturation, withering, rebirth, growth, flowering, and pistil production…

As Long Chen refined pills, he kept an eye on the primal chaos space, delighted by the amount of life energy released by the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest.

Even as he refined the Sacred Light Snow Lotus Pill at his shocking speed, he ended up with even more Sacred Light Pistils. Furthermore, the Moon Tree and Fusang Trees were growing crazily.

Currently, the Moon Trees and Fusang Trees had grown to a terrifying level. The flame essence contained within a single leaf was so powerful that even a Heavenly Doyen would meet their end against it if they weren’t prepared.

Flames flickered atop the three thousand Moon Trees and three thousand Fusang Trees, known as the Moon Flame and the Sun Flame, respectively. However, despite their names, they couldn’t be truly classified as flames on the Heavenly Flame Rankings.

That was because they lacked spirituality. Despite the Moon Flame and the Sun Flame being ranked above the Ice Soul Divine Flame, their terror did not live up to the legends. Huo Linger simply absorbed their power to nourish her core flame, the Ice Soul. After all, back then, Bing Po had transferred half of her core to Huo Linger, essentially leaving a seed of the Ice Soul within her.

Originally, the transformation of this seed into the true Ice Soul seemed inconceivable without many eons of growth.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

However, the nourishment of the Moon Flame and the Sun Flame strengthened Huo Linger’s Ice Soul Divine Flame constantly. It gradually came to possess the might of a top ten Heavenly Flame.

Due to the rapid growth of the Moon Trees and Fusang Trees, their flame energy had also gone through a qualitative shift.

This shift, in turn, induced a qualitative change in the Ice Soul Divine Flame. Huo Linger was no longer a multicolored flame dragon; she had transformed into a pure, snow-white dragon, radiating a holy and sacred aura. Despite possessing the power to destroy the world, her formidable aura remained concealed deep within her.

When she took the form of a white-robed maiden, she looked like a fairy carved out of ice-cold jade. But when she erupted, she could destroy the world.

The Ten Thousand Dragon Nest was rapidly devoured, and Long Chen’s realm experienced rapid expansion through the refinement and consumption of pills. Long Chen, Huo Linger, and Lei Linger were undergoing rapid growth, with Huo Linger and Lei Linger in particular displaying newfound strength that even made Long Chen afraid.

A month later, an explosive sound came from Long Chen’s body, and his aura crashed toward the heavens like a tsunami. At this moment, his essence, qi, and spirit reached an unprecedented peak.

“I’ve finally reached the great circle of the World King realm!” Long Chen shouted in excitement. The last three Heavenstages had truly been difficult to advance through.

However, the breakthrough of these last three Heavenstages also made him feel more powerful than he had ever been, nearly equivalent to the strength absorbed from the nether dragon race leader

The moment that Long Chen came out of seclusion, he received an infuriating report that instantly ignited his anger.