Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4510 Jade Bone Violet Heart Bamboo

Long Chen sighed, and the black ape’s head went limp.

“Fuck, what a messy head!” cursed Long Chen as he wiped off some sweat from his forehead.

Long Chen had done a soulsearch of its memories, only to find that they were completely worthless. It was mostly some scenes of bloody fights it had experienced, as well as a bit about its growth.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

“Devil beasts really are devil beasts. They don’t remember much of anything.” Long Chen was speechless. It took him a great deal of effort to conduct this soulsearch, but it ended up being worthless.

The memory capability of devil beasts was very limited. Within those memories, Long Chen did spot the black ape that he had subdued.

Based on its memories, they were actually brothers. However, after maturing, they went off on their own.

Among devil beasts, familial bonds were nonexistent, as their mother only gave birth to them due to instincts. Even siblings engaged in fierce competition over territories, and their clashes had been so severe that they had nearly killed each other multiple times. Hatred was the only emotion that existed between them.

Although Long Chen didn’t gain much of anything from this soulsearch, he did at least find what its territory looked like.

“Let’s go.” Riding the black ape, Long Chen pointed in a certain direction, and they swiftly reached an immortal lake enveloped in rising mist. At the center of the lake, an island emerged, faintly visible and resembling a mystical paradise.

The black ape cried out excitedly upon spotting the lake. It was the reason for the conflict between the ape brothers.

Back when they left their mother, they found this place and realized that the immortal lake was beneficial to their cultivation.

Although devil beasts were not intelligent, they had a remarkable knack for locating valuable natural treasures. As a result, powerful devil beasts would always occupy lands of great fengshui. Otherwise, they wouldn’t bother claiming a territory and guarding it to the death.

The devil beast subdued by Long Chen had lost to its brother, leading to it finding that vein of ores. The spiritual qi from that deposit also aided in its cultivation.

However, that deposit paled in comparison to this immortal lake. Despite numerous attempts to seize the immortal lake, Long Chen’s black ape consistently fell short of defeating its brother. That was why it was excited to return here again.

“What a dense medicinal fragrance!” Long Chen’s heart started to pound harder as he got closer.

Long Chen slowly approached the lake. Stretching across a few hundred miles, the lake hosted numerous small islands scattered throughout its waters.

The black ape immediately squatted down and started drinking the water. It seemed that the water had a great appeal to it.

Long Chen ignored it, letting it drink the water. He then went to one of the islands and was shocked to find countless precious medicinal ingredients growing there.

“Is this the legendary Jade Bone Violet Heart Bamboo?”

Long Chen looked at the three-foot-tall stalk of bamboo before him, and his eyes widened in astonishment. The bamboo was as thick as a thumb, resembling jade with a violet thread at its core.

This was one of the main ingredients of the Nirvanic Charge Pill. Long Chen himself had never read about it or seen it. However, when he saw several stalks of this legendary plant here, he couldn’t help but blurt its name out.

The leaves were emerald and covered in crystalline dew, emitting a reinvigorating scent of bamboo.

“This is a priceless treasure with soul-nourishing properties!” exclaimed Long Chen as he immediately took out a jade shovel. With utmost care, he dug out a stalk of the bamboo and transplanted it into the primal chaos space. Although he didn’t know anything about the Jade Bone Violet Heart Bamboo, a simple examination provided him with a broad understanding of its effects.

When it entered the primal chaos space, it immediately started to spread its enormous root system.

As Long Chen had tossed the other black ape’s corpse into the black soil, the primal chaos space brimmed with life energy, and the Jade Bone Violet Heart Bamboo immediately absorbed it. Even though the bamboo stalk didn’t get taller or wider, the violet thread inside of it grew denser.

At the same time, its root system expanded rapidly. Successive stalks of bamboo emerged from the ground, each as thick as a forearm. In a matter of moments, a small bamboo forest had sprouted, creating a lush and vibrant scene.

Furthermore, as more of them burst out of the ground, the new ones became thicker than the ones before.

Long Chen was overjoyed at this sight, so he continued to explore the surroundings. He stumbled upon several unfamiliar medicinal ingredients, but based on his years of experience, he could accurately judge their value.

Wanting to preserve the environment of this island, Long Chen harvested only a single specimen of each medicinal ingredient.

Moving from one island to the next, Long Chen went through hundreds of them and gathered thousands of new medicinal ingredients. Finally, he approached the largest island, the central hub surrounded by other islands like planets in orbit.

When Long Chen got closer to the central island, he saw large footprints on it. He knew that these were left behind by the slain black ape. Based on its memories, this was where it cultivated.

However, it only roved around the perimeter of this island, and there was a stone bed where it rested.

Right above that spot was an overhanging cliff with a stalactite hanging from it.

Drip.

Just as Long Chen walked in, a drop of liquid from the stalactite fell to the stone below.

In that specific area, a hole with a blood-red hue was evident, as if numerous drops had pooled there. Long Chen sniffed it and didn’t smell anything.

He stuck a finger inside and found that the liquid was sticky like blood, coating his finger. Inside the liquid, he observed two distinct types of energies: one was soft, while the other was hard. The two energies intertwined, creating strange fluctuations that Long Chen could sense through his skin. Astonishingly, the liquid seemed to nourish him through his skin.

This revelation startled Long Chen. Just how powerful was his physical body? For this drop to be able to so easily penetrate the defenses of his skin was shocking. Fortunately, this thing wasn’t poisonous; otherwise, he would have been poisoned right now.

“It seems that the reason the black ape surpassed its brother is due to this liquid.”

Long Chen took that single drop of the liquid and swallowed it. Immediately, a fierce and gentle burst of energy coursed through him, activating his essence, qi, and spirit.

“What is this? A natural spirit pill?”

Feeling shocked, Long Chen flew up to the stalactite. As he examined it more closely, his eyes widened almost to the point of popping out of their sockets.