Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4526 Who Let You Be Disobedient!?

The red-haired man’s scythe was now missing half of its blade, and his face twisted with fury. Meanwhile, the blonde woman stared in disbelief as a bronze cauldron materialized out of nowhere. She felt like she was dreaming.

“Are you not going to keep messing around?”

Just as everyone was stunned, they saw a black-robed man standing beside the cauldron. He was wearing a smile that needed a spanking.

This person was Long Chen. At the critical moment, he didn’t do anything except place the Earth Cauldron there, letting the scythe strike it.

As a result, the Earth Cauldron really didn’t disappoint him. The only unexpected thing was that the scythe only broke a bit and didn’t instantly turn to dust. As expected, this scythe was definitely extraordinary.

“Die!” the red-haired man roared. His left hand stretched toward Long Chen like a bolt of lightning, and his sharp nails tore through the void.

Although it was a hasty blow, its terrifying power shook the world. At this close distance, his nails almost touched Long Chen’s throat the moment he attacked.

“Hey, I was just joking! What are you so angry about?!” shouted Long Chen. With a panicked expression, he retreated, pushing the Earth Cauldron forward.

Crack.

When the red-haired man’s claws struck the Earth Cauldron, he screamed. His fingernails cracked, and blood sprayed out of his fingertips. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Hey, give me some face! Let’s stop fighting. How about we trade away our weapons for gifts of jade and silk?” Long Chen smiled brightly at the red-haired man from behind the Earth Cauldron. His expression was intentionally infuriating, lacking any semblance of someone trying to mediate a quarrel.

Seeing it, the red-haired man lost his composure and swung his scythe toward Long Chen. Despite having only half of its blade remaining, the pressure it exuded was still shocking.

“Divine son, he’s the one we’re hunting!” shouted a Saint from the Heavenly Corrupt Sect.

“So it’s you! Then you can die!” the red-haired man roared. Following that, he swayed, transforming into countless afterimages. The scythe seemed to attack Long Chen from every direction.

Long Chen held the Earth Cauldron, dodging left and right, refusing to face him head-on. He let out a panicked shout. “Hey, hey! I came to mediate things! The heavens are kind and don’t like to see violence, especially against such a delightful spirit like this young lady. How can you bear to harm her?”

The red-haired man was so enraged that his hair was standing on end, looking like an angry lion. However, having learned his lesson, he didn’t dare to use his weapon to strike the bronze cauldron.

Long Chen showed openings all around him, looking to be in a state of panic, as if the attack would strike and end him at any moment. However, the red-haired man didn’t dare to strike the cauldron again, so Long Chen managed to evade all his attacks.

Long Chen seemed surrounded by danger, relying entirely on a broken-down cauldron to survive.

Just as Long Chen was “in crisis”, a golden spear tore through the air, exuding a blazing heat. It accurately shot right past Long Chen’s cheek and thrust toward the red-haired man.

The blonde woman had finally gained a chance to recover. Seeing Long Chen in danger, she immediately launched a support attack.

BOOM!

The spear sent the red-haired man flying back, interrupting his tempest of attacks.

“Many thanks for your aid. I, Feng You, will remember this favor. This place is dangerous, so you should leave!” shouted that woman.

Although Long Chen had used the Earth Cauldron to crack the red-haired man’s scythe, from his panicked movements, the blonde woman felt that Long Chen wasn’t very powerful and simply relied on that strange cauldron to crack the scythe.

Hence, she didn’t even hesitate to help Long Chen without healing her wounds first. After all, he had saved her life, and she couldn’t just watch while he was in danger.

Long Chen was impressed. This girl’s heart was surprisingly good. Since that was the case, he didn’t mind saving her!

Originally, Long Chen had been more than happy to just buy her some time to recover and then leave. After all, they were neither friends nor foes. Long Chen was simply happy to see the mixed beast race and the Heavenly Corrupt Sect wear each other down.

However, if she was going to act so righteously, Long Chen wasn’t shameless enough to just leave her be. The enemy of your enemy might not be your friend, but helping them wasn’t necessarily a bad thing.

“Hey, let’s stop fighting. Hey, red-haired fellow, the one that looks like a donkey, I can see that you are not a good person! It would be a shame to cut you down right here and now!” Long Chen dove into the battlefield with the Earth Cauldron.

“Leave! You’re gonna die!”

Seeing Long Chen charge in like an idiot, filled with a thousand openings, the blonde woman screamed in vexation. There was no way the red-haired man would let him off this time.

“Don’t worry, this bronze cauldron of mine is very tough! He can’t do anything to me—aiya!”

Long Chen suddenly let out a startled cry, as the red-haired man appeared behind him from an extremely bizarre angle. By the time Long Chen reacted, the red-haired man’s claws already touched the back of his robes.

After that, an even more bizarre scene occurred. The Earth Cauldron spun like a top, and with Long Chen gripping it, it pulled him away from the red-haired man’s attack.

Seeing this scene, the red-haired man was taken aback. This attack was one of his killing blows, which was meticulously executed in terms of timing, angle, and power. Yet, such a flawless attack somehow missed its mark.

“Be careful!” shouted the blonde woman as the red-haired man launched his attack. Her spear then thrust forward at full power, aiming to force the red-haired man to defend instead of attacking.

However, she was just a bit too slow to stop him. Yet, in this moment of apparent mistiming, it turned out to be the perfect opportunity to strike him.

An opening that hadn’t existed before suddenly appeared the moment his claw missed, and her spear struck the red-haired man head-on.

It seemed as if the red-haired man had intentionally created an opening for her to exploit. Both the blonde woman and the red-haired man stood stunned.

The spear drove into his chest, shattering the divine light protecting him along with his robes. Beneath the robes, there was armor, but it couldn’t thwart the spear’s advance. In the end, the tip of the spear plunged deeply into his chest.

“You bad egg[1], who let you be disobedient?”

Just as the blonde woman’s attack connected, Long Chen spun back with the Earth Cauldron and ruthlessly slapped the red-haired man’s face.

1. huàidàn (Chinese: 壞蛋) = a wicked person. Literally a bad egg. ?