Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4528 You Little Trash

The enormous hand slammed down, crushing all the experts within its range into smithereens, including friends and foes. It was inescapable, unavoidable.

Long Chen’s figure reappeared, but the black formation disc in his hand had shattered. It was an incomparably precious life-saving treasure made by Xia Chen from Saint-level materials, and it could conduct a short-range instant teleportation without being bound by spatial limitations. Due to the special materials required to make this item, Xia Chen had only managed to create a few, with one given to Long Chen.

“You little trash! You dare to launch a sneak attack?! Completely immoral!” Long Chen pointed at the Heavenly Corrupt Sect’s sect master after dodging that hand. It was his sneak attack that had forced him to use this treasure.

The sect master seethed with anger as Long Chen pointed and cursed at him. As a prominent figure, attempting a sneak attack on a World King was humiliating enough, and the added disgrace was that the attempt had failed.

At this moment, the mixed beast race’s Sage King felt a burning sensation on his face. He was supposed to fight the sect master, but he had let the sect master launch a sneak attack on Long Chen. Moreover, when he had wanted to assist Feng You, the sect master had obstructed him. He truly felt worthless right now.

“Shameless fellow, you have thrown the face of your Corrupt God! If you have the guts, let’s fight to the death right here!” shouted the mixed beast race’s Sage King as he launched a furious assault. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, as soon as he did, his expression suddenly changed, and he charged toward Feng You’s battlefield.

“Feng You, watch out!”

This Sage King was shocked to realize that, after failing to sneak attack Long Chen, the sect master had left a clone behind to divert his attention while the sect master approached Feng You unnoticed. This Sage King had unwittingly fallen for the ploy.

On her battlefield, Feng You was fighting fiercely with her spear and shield combination, while the red-haired man could only hang on, unable to launch any counterattacks. He looked as if he would be slain at any moment.

All of a sudden, her hair stood on end, and an intense sensation of crisis descended upon her. At the same time, she heard the warning from her Sage King, so she decisively chose to flee.

However, she was shocked to find two enormous hands had silently condensed around her. She now found herself trapped within the center of those colossal palms.

“This is the Corrupt God Soul Extinguishing Hand... It’s over...” Feng You’s heart sank as she recognized this move.

The Heavenly Corrupt Sect’s sect master was truly a schemer. He had first sneak attacked Long Chen to draw their Sage King’s attention, while his ultimate target was actually Feng You.

By the time she understood his intentions, it was too late. The Corrupt God Soul Extinguishing Hand was one of the sect master’s strongest techniques—composed of the Corrupt God’s will. Once caught inside, a person’s soul would definitely dissipate.

Feng You was filled with resentment. How could she not? She was so unlucky to be schemed by a Sage King. Worst of all, she had only been one step away from killing the red-haired man. Victory was just one step away, yet she was going to die soon.

“You shameless old ghost!”

Just as Feng You closed her eyes in anticipation of death, an arrogant voice rang out. For some reason, this voice ignited endless hope within her. She then looked toward the source of the voice and saw a bizarre scene.

In a surprising turn, Long Chen had appeared before the red-haired man, stepping on the latter’s neck with his hands hooked into the latter’s mouth. It seemed like Long Chen intended to tear apart the red-haired man’s head.

After all, Long Chen had used up his life-saving trump card from Xia Chen to dodge the sect master’s sneak attack, which enraged him. Just as he was cursing the sect master, he realized that the sect master’s lock on him had vanished. At that moment, he knew that the sect master had set his sights on Feng You.

However, just knowing was useless. There was no way for him to fight a Sage King with his power.

Unable to contend with the sect master, Long Chen found another convenient target in the severely wounded red-haired man. When Long Chen turned his attention to the red-haired man, he suddenly realized something, and a confident smile graced his face. He stealthily crept on the red-haired man just as the sect master attacked Feng You.

Even the mixed beast race’s Sage King had fallen for the sect master’s ploy and couldn’t save Feng You in time. Filled with shame and hatred, the Sage King could only watch as Feng You was about to meet her demise.

However, just as the Sage King thought that the sect master had taken control over the whole battlefield, Long Chen stretched the red-haired man’s mouth wide like a washbowl. Seeing this scene, the sect master was shocked and enraged.

After all, the red-haired man’s status was extremely special, to the extent that even the sect master didn’t dare to cause any harm to him.

The next moment, the irresistible lock on Feng You vanished, and those hands suddenly turned toward Long Chen.

“I knew you wouldn’t dare to take the risk,” Long Chen snickered, showing no fear while facing this attack. From his expression, it seemed that everything was under his control.

Long Chen knew that he wouldn’t be able to kill the red-haired man with the sect master here. If he couldn’t, then humiliating the latter was good as well. Thus, Long Chen’s actions looked like he was putting on a comedy act instead of killing.

The red-haired man had been recovering from Feng You’s attacks when Long Chen suddenly attacked, catching him off-guard.

Seeing the sect master’s attack coming this way, the red-haired man also attacked, his sharp claws reaching for Long Chen’s knees. However, he missed as Long Chen was no longer on him. The next moment, a foot slammed into his back.

BOOM!

The red-haired man grunted. Like a shooting star, he shot toward those two hands.

Long Chen’s timing was perfect as he used offense as defense. Unless the sect master was willing to kill the red-haired man, this terrifying full-power attack of a Sage King wouldn’t do shit to Long Chen.

As expected, those hands hastily stopped. In truth, the hands had looked like they were crashing toward Long Chen, but they were still holding back. Hence, as soon as Long Chen kicked the red-haired man over, they stopped.

The red-haired man crashed into the hands, which went soft like cotton and caught him easily.

At this moment, the mixed beast race’s Sage King let out a roar and attacked, his aura even more terrifying than before. Clearly, he had enough of being schemed over and over again.

“Retreat!” the sect master shouted. He then grabbed the red-haired man, and space twisted around them. Just as the mixed beast race’s Sage King arrived, the sect master already reappeared thousands of miles away.

Following his order, the Heavenly Corrupt Sect’s army retreated like the tide.

“You damn brat, just you wait! I, Xie Fei, will definitely make you regret coming to this world!” shouted the red-haired man while glaring at Long Chen, his eyes full of rancor.

“Brother, does your face not hurt?” Facing the red-haired man’s threat, Long Chen looked at him with concern instead.

Just like that, blood sprayed out of the red-haired man’s mouth. He almost fainted out of anger.