Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4534 Changes in the Primal Chaos Space

In an instant, the relentless onslaught of blades shredded the golden monkey into pieces. It was quite a grisly sight.

Upon its demise, a frenzied wave of monkeys charged toward Long Chen in vengeance. This was a sign that the fallen monkey held an extremely high position amongst its kind.

However, the mixed beast race had seized the advantage, and their rash assault broke their enemies’ formation, leaving many of the desolate beasts stranded and vulnerable. In the ensuing chaos, the golden monkeys were swiftly and mercilessly cut down.

Seeing how chaotic the scene was, Long Chen stealthily slipped to the rear with the protection of the half-horse woman. Simultaneously, his golden crossbow returned to its original size.

Now, Long Chen focused his attention on the two monkeys engaged in combat with Feng You. His expression turned serious; this time, he aimed to eliminate one of them.

However, Long Chen knew that launching a sneak attack on these two monkeys would be extremely challenging. If he were to aim at them too much, they would directly sense him.

To make things worse, he was far away, which made his target quite tiny. Without Guo Ran’s one-hundred percent hit rate, Long Chen could only bide his time, waiting for the opportune moment.

To draw people’s attention, Long Chen told one expert of the mixed beast race to disguise themselves as him and sat on the half-horse woman, running around randomly.

Amidst the chaos, the enemies couldn’t exactly discern the rider of the half-horse woman, but each of them thought that it was Long Chen. After all, unlike the Heavenly Corrupt Sect, the desolate beast race was so dumb that such a simple diversion could screw their minds.

In the outer region, Long Chen had been aiming with his crossbow for a long time, so when he saw a chance, he swiftly launched a silent arrow.

The arrow’s target was around three meters behind the golden monkey that was exchanging blows with Feng You. The next moment, she somehow knocked the monkey back, sending its butt perfectly toward the arrow.

In a heartbeat, blood sprayed through the air, resonating with the agonizing shriek of the golden monkey. The arrow had blasted its butt so badly that even its intestines flew out of the wound.

“Yes!”

Long Chen clenched his fist in triumph. Despite his average archery skills, he had executed that last arrow perfectly. He knew that even true archers like Guo Ran and Mo Nian might not be able to pull something like this off.

Long Chen had perfectly grasped the timing of its movements and its clash with Feng You. While luck played a role here, there was no denying that this shot was truly exquisite.

As for that monkey, its face contorted with pain as it rolled on the ground. In an instant, it spotted the celebrating Long Chen.

Despite the pain, it astonishingly charged toward Long Chen, with its intestines still trailing behind. Its fearsome visage seemed like it was ready to confront Long Chen at the cost of its own life.

“Chance!” Long Chen suddenly saw the monkey’s golden fate lines rattling, which meant that if he unleashed his full power, he could kill it, and no one could hinder him from doing so.

Just as Long Chen was pondering whether or not to reveal his true power, the other golden monkey caught the livid monkey.

BOOM!

At that moment, Feng You’s spear struck. The two monkeys attempted to block it together, but the force was too much, causing both to cough up blood and sustain some injuries.

After stabilizing themselves, they pointed at Long Chen and exchanged incoherent babble. While he didn’t know what they were saying, it was clearly nothing good.

The void then quivered, revealing a bloodied golden figure—a monkey Sage King.

As soon as it appeared, it swiped through the air and grabbed numerous monkeys in its grasp before whistling away.

As it fled, the rest of the desolate beasts also stopped fighting and started to retreat. This battle had clearly ended in their defeat. Not only did their junior generation suffer, but even in the clash of Sage Kings, they were at a disadvantage. The only viable option left for them was to retreat.

At this moment, the mixed beast race’s Sage King also emerged. Though covered in wounds, he assured them that they were nothing serious.

Seeing the desolate beast race flee, the mixed beast race’s experts cheered.

“Long Chen, this victory is really thanks to you. Without you, we would have paid quite a price to survive,” expressed Feng You gratefully.

“Hehe, it was a minor effort, nothing worth mentioning,” replied Long Chen with a smile. Despite talking humbly, he was quite proud of himself.

After that, he started to go through the battlefield with the others, tossing the corpses of the desolate beasts into the primal chaos space.

“What do you want with their corpses?” asked Feng You curiously.

“My body’s been weak lately. This will make for some good nourishment in the soup,” Long Chen quipped. Feng You and the others were well aware that he wasn’t telling the truth, but they chose not to press him on the matter.

In any case, they didn’t care about the corpses. Since Long Chen wanted them, they helped him gather some and emptied the battlefield quickly. Just like that, Long Chen’s primal chaos space was full of corpses again. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Having consumed the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest, the black soil now resembled a hungry mouth, digesting these new corpses.

With each terrifying existence it devoured, its ability to consume expanded. Now, it could even devour Saint corpses within the time it took for an incense stick to burn.

However, before tossing them into the black soil, Long Chen used the blood-colored saber to stab them and let it absorb their blood.

After it absorbed the essence blood of dozens of Saints, dozens of sinister runes lit up on its blade, and its aura grew increasingly frightening.

As the saber continued to strengthen, the life energy within the primal chaos space grew denser, prompting rampant growth among all the vegetation. All the Saint medicinal ingredients were thriving. The Heaven Earth Blood Spirit Mushroom had expanded to its seventh cap, and the eighth was on the verge of appearing.

The Moon Trees and Fusang Trees were growing increasingly formidable, with their leaves emanating auras comparable to Eternal weapons.

As for their main trunks, countless runes flowed over them, resembling dragon scales. Even Eternal weapons would have difficulty slicing through their outermost bark.

After breaking off a branch with the thickness of an arm, Long Chen felt that it was heavy and tough like metal, but it was also flexible. When he brandished it, it unleashed powerful gusts and even a wave of fire.

“Damn, this is essentially a natural Eternal divine weapon.” Long Chen was shocked by their growth.

Furthermore, their core flame also grew more concentrated, prompting Huo Linger’s growth as well.

When Long Chen looked up, he could see endless tribulation clouds in the sky, with rainbow lightning weaving through them. Within these clouds, a giant dragon was taking a relaxing bath.

Lei Linger emitted an absolutely terrifying aura now. As she breathed, lightning formed a whirlpool around her. Gazing at that vortex, Long Chen felt a chill.

“Long Chen, I think it’s time for us to leave.”

Long Chen was standing still in his original location, his mind entirely engrossed in the primal chaos space until Feng You’s voice resonated near his ear.