Chapter 4539 Feng You’s Ancestor

“What do you want to do?” Feng You suddenly had a bad feeling.

Long Chen pointed at the giant Ghost Ship. “I want to go up on that ship and see what’s on it. Do you want to come?”

“Are you crazy?!” demanded Feng You.

“Alright, then you can wait here. I’ll look alone,” said Long Chen. He started walking away, but Feng You kept holding him.

Feng You had a conflicted expression. After all, she was a woman, and all women were particularly curious about unknown things. The more frightening it was, the more she wanted to take a look.

If Long Chen wasn’t here, then even if she did have that idea, she wouldn’t dare to do so. But with a brazen fellow like Long Chen leading the way, she was immediately enticed.

Looking at her conflicted appearance, Long Chen couldn’t help laughing. “Have them leave first. I have a few things for you.”

Long Chen stealthily handed a few things to Feng You. When Feng You saw what they were, she immediately handed them to some experts of the mixed beast race and gave them orders.

In an instant, those experts’ expressions changed. However, after Feng You gave them orders, they gritted their teeth and brought the rest of the mixed beast race away.

Watching them leave under this terrifying pressure, Feng You finally sighed with relief. Long Chen dragged her in a run toward the giant Ghost Ship.

Long Chen and Feng You’s actions stunned countless people. They thought that their action was the pinnacle of foolishness.

When they saw Long Chen bounding toward the giant Ghost Ship while holding Feng You’s hands, all of them jumped in fright.

Long Chen ignored their gazes. He realized that Feng You’s hand was wet with sweat, yet she had an excited expression.

All of a sudden, the void quivered, and Long Chen noticed a giant chain hanging down the Ghost Ship. He wasn’t sure if that was its anchor, as there was no actual anchor around the ship.

As Feng You got closer to the Yin Soldiers, she started to quiver. Long Chen wasn’t sure whether her reaction stemmed from nerves or excitement.

“Don’t worry. I often do things like this. Once you experience it yourself, you won’t feel like it’s too dangerous,” comforted Long Chen.

Feng You obediently nodded. This large beauty had tossed aside her pride, listening to Long Chen very obediently.

When Long Chen was merely a few miles from the Yin Soldiers, as expected, they still didn’t react and continued to march forward.

At this distance, Long Chen slowed down as he wanted to sense the flow of time here. If the flow of time really did change, he would have to immediately retreat. Otherwise, he and Feng You would instantly die of old age.

The reason he dared to get close to them was because he had his experience from the last Ghost Ship. At the same time, he didn’t sense any fatal danger, which was why he dared to take this risk.

When Long Chen set foot onto the decaying land, he found that as long as he enveloped himself with his Blood Qi, he wouldn’t be affected by it.

In other words, while the power of time in this place looked terrifying, it did not affect bodies of flesh and blood. It was just like when he set foot onto the Ghost Ship last time. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Long Chen then told Feng You to wrap herself with her Blood Qi. Otherwise, her clothes would decay. After giving her this warning, Long Chen directly felt a bit regretful. Looking at this large beauty, he hastily erased those perverted thoughts that had snuck their way into his “creative” mind.

The Yin Soldiers were still advancing like the tide. Wherever they passed, the air of death enveloped the area. After a while, the giant chain dragging across the ground quickly arrived in front of Long Chen.

“Jump!” Long Chen shouted and leaped along with Feng You. The enormous chain was rusty like usual, so Long Chen told Feng You to be careful about the rust. If it got to her skin, it would be troublesome.

Long Chen and Feng You were like ants on top of the chain. They then rushed up the chain, taking the time it took for an incense stick to burn to reach the deck.

When the two of them arrived, they carefully stuck their heads over. Seeing the situation on the deck, Feng You almost cried out. Fortunately, Long Chen reacted faster and already covered her mouth.

“That’s... that’s my ancestor, a phoenix!” Feng You exclaimed, pointing to a winged figure clad in armor and holding a spear. The figure appeared almost skeletal in its state of decay.

“Don’t let emotions cloud your judgment. We have to be clear of the situation first,” Long Chen urged, gently guiding Feng You forward. They needed to proceed cautiously, as they had no idea what awaited them aboard the Ghost Ship.

“Long Chen, I’m begging you. You must help me get that spear!” Feng You pointed at the spear with such excitement and anxiety as though she couldn’t wait another second.

“Don’t worry. I’ll help you get it,” promised Long Chen. As long as she didn’t get too emotional, he would get her the whole ship if he could.

Long Chen silently observed the ship. This area was the bow of the ship, and there were countless Yin Soldiers in battle formations here.

The figure to which Feng You pointed stood at the very front of the Yin Soldiers and seemed to be their leader. Looking at it, Long Chen couldn’t help but think of the master of Bai Shishi’s sword. The resemblance of both scenes was uncanny.

After observing for a bit, Long Chen found that the arrangement here wasn’t the same as the previous Ghost Ship. Not sensing any danger, he pulled Feng You forward.

The bow of the ship consisted of rotten wood, which caused it to creak with a sound that made them wince with each step they took upon it.

Long Chen was on full guard as he slowly got closer to the winged figure. Upon closer inspection, he found that it was even bigger than he had initially perceived. Its eye cavities were blank, and there was no aura coming from it.

However, the spear in its hand exuded apocalyptical power. This was an extremely terrifying divine weapon.

Based on its general outline, this huge and well-built figure was male. Despite being dead, it still gave off an undeniable might just by standing there.

Feng You quivered as she approached it. This was her ancestor who had passed away countless years ago. Upon seeing it, she instantly felt a bloodline resonance, but despite her efforts, she was unable to establish a connection with it.

Suddenly, Feng You knelt on the ground and kowtowed three times toward it.

“Ancestor, forgive Feng You for being disrespectful.”

After saying that, Feng You rose and touched the spear, causing a change to occur. As the spear trembled, blood sprayed out of Feng You’s mouth, landing all over the corpse.

Feng You then started to wither. Horrified, Long Chen quickly grabbed her and pulled back. With a swift motion, his blood-colored saber flashed like lightning as it swung at the figure.

“Stop...” The figure suddenly spoke.