Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4543 Unlucky Child

The one to hold Long Chen was Feng You. Blood-colored flames now burned in her eyes as a pair of wings spread behind her, casting divine light across the sky.

In her hand, a golden spear materialized once more, and a resplendent phoenix cry echoed through the air. Runes illuminated all over her body, pulsating with power.

BOOM!

Her spear shot out and blasted apart the python’s poison domain, while her terrifying flames incinerated the mist.

With a forceful strike, the spear slammed into the python’s head, causing it to explode and release black liquid, which turned into black smoke upon contact with Feng You’s flames. The air was now filled with poison smoke, but it was unable to penetrate Feng You’s flame domain.

Long Chen was stunned. After Feng You woke up, her power had multiplied, allowing her to kill this terrifying python in one blow.

The python’s corpse crashed into the lake, unleashing a huge wave. Long Chen almost didn’t dare to believe his eyes. After all, Feng You’s power had risen far too quickly.

Feng You slowly flew toward Long Chen. In an instant, Long Chen felt his blood heat up, and he turned his face away.

Feng You was enveloped in flames, with countless runes flowing around her, accentuating her beautiful figure. As Long Chen blushed and turned away, she smiled slightly at his reaction.

“Am I beautiful?” asked Feng You, her voice containing a touch of shyness as well as a teasing note.

“Yes.”

Long Chen kept his head turned away and closed his eyes, obediently telling the truth.

“Sorry.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Feng You suddenly sighed.

“Why are you sorry?” asked Long Chen in confusion, still not daring to open his eyes.

“I like you, but I can’t give myself to you... For the next generation, my child must have a powerful father, and you...” Feng You awkwardly sighed. “You’ve saved me several times now. Under your human race’s customs, the best way for me to repay you is with my body, but I’m sorry, I can’t do that.”

Feng You was a member of the mixed beast race. According to their mating customs, to have better offspring, they always picked out the strongest mates they could. However, it seemed that Long Chen wasn’t a suitable candidate in Feng You’s eyes.

Hearing that, Long Chen didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. This large beauty was actually apologizing to him over this.

“Long Chen, I really do like you. How about... after I have a child with someone strong, I will go with you?” asked Feng You.

Long Chen almost passed out. How could that be alright?

“Let’s not talk about it for now. Em, you should put on some clothes first.”

Feng You blushed. By the time Long Chen opened his eyes again, he found her dressed in her normal clothes. However, Long Chen’s heart was still pounding hard from the earlier good show.

“Long Chen, thank you. I know that you fed me precious medicinal pills. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to awaken dozens of my ancestor’s runes at once.” Feng You looked at Long Chen gratefully.

Previously, she lacked a powerful divine ability to unleash her full power. As a result, she possessed immense endurance and toughness but lacked explosive might.

However, with the inheritance of her ancestor and the assistance of Long Chen’s pills, she managed to absorb dozens of runes, providing her with a method to unleash her full power in a single blow.

It was like someone who had been fighting barehanded suddenly wielded a warhammer. Finally, she could unleash her full power and even slay that python in one blow.

Filled with gratitude toward Long Chen and eager to repay him, Feng You saw the primal desire in Long Chen’s eyes. However, she was unable to repay him that way, which filled her with guilt.

After all, her status was not ordinary; her child had to carry the fate of the mixed beast race. Thus, she couldn’t afford to be willful. This realization weighed heavily upon her. She felt like Long Chen had done so much for her, but she was unable to repay him.

“Dozens of runes? They’re that strong?” Long Chen was startled. It had to be known that her ancestor had given at least hundreds of runes to her. If her power could grow so much just by absorbing a small portion of the runes, just how powerful would she be once she managed to absorb all of them?

“That’s why I said that I really have to thank you. I don’t dare to promise you anything, but I guarantee that as long as I’m here, no one in this world will be able to bully you.” Feng You patted her chest confidently.

Just then, the void quivered.

“They’re coming,” said Long Chen.

It was the sign of a spatial transportation. Before going to the Ghost Ship, Long Chen had given the mixed beast race’s experts a formation disc and taught them how to use it. It was a fixed spatial transportation formation disc. Once it sensed Long Chen’s existence, they could use it to come to him.

A spatial gate appeared, revealing one figure after another. However, Long Chen and Feng You were startled to see many of them had blood on their bodies.

“What happened?” demanded Feng You angrily.

“That bastard Yan Baichen had his subordinates attack us. Fortunately, they didn’t know that you weren’t among us, so it was just a probing clash. After that, we seized the chance to escape and come here,” replied one of the mixed beast race’s experts.

Had Yan Baichen been aware of Feng You’s absence, perhaps he would have launched a full-scale attack against them. While he wouldn’t kill them all, he would capture and use them against Feng You.

“That bastard really is courting death! We’re going back. I’ll personally skin him!”

Feng You was enraged to hear that Yan Baichen had dared to attack her people. She was no longer the same person he used to be. Now, she was sure that she could make him pay dearly for his reckless actions

Long Chen waved his hand and collected the python’s corpse. He lightly said, “There’s no need for us to go after him. They’re coming here.”

Following that, the distant void rumbled, and countless experts came flying over, led by Yan Baichen. In an instant, Feng You’s gaze became icily sharp.

As for Long Chen, a smile crept across his face.

You unlucky child, no one can save you now.