Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4544 Phoenix Might - Slaughter

When Yan Baichen led his people away last time, he was enraged but not thinking of declaring war against the mixed beast race.

After probing Feng You several times, he felt like he might be a bit stronger than her. So, if he wanted to best her in combat, he would have to give his all. After all, killing her was out of the question as he wanted to win her over.

Just like Feng You, he wanted a powerful companion to mate with, and he found Feng You’s lineage, with its ancient phoenix blood, incredibly enticing. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Because of that, Long Chen’s appearance enraged him. He was unable to figure out why Feng You had fallen for such a weak fellow.

After leading his people away, they had ended up far ahead of the mixed beast race. But coincidentally, the mixed beast race arrived right by their side through a transportation formation.

This was part of a transportation formation set that Long Chen had given the mixed beast race. The good thing about it was that it could transport them through long distances, but the bad thing was that it needed to be carried out in segments.

It just so happened that after locking down Feng You’s location, the mixed beast race’s experts used the formation to bring them there, but the third transportation brought them right next to Yan Baichen and the others.

When the mixed beast race appeared, the resting Black Rock Nine Underworld Python race jumped in shock, and without any hesitation, they immediately launched an attack.

In response, the mixed beast race shouted that it was a misunderstanding and retreated. Upon realizing that it was the mixed beast race, the Black Rock Nine Underworld Python race also stopped their assault and fell back.

At that time, Yan Baichen didn’t understand what the mixed beast race was doing, so he demanded Feng You to come out and speak with him.

However, the vice leader of the mixed beast race just hemmed and hawed, refusing to disclose Feng You’s whereabouts. From this, it was evident that the mixed beast race’s people were just a bunch of bad liars.

Unable to sense Feng You and Long Chen’s presence, Yan Baichen was incensed and instantly assumed the worst.

After he looked at his subordinates, they immediately surrounded the mixed beast race’s experts, saying that the latter had offended them and had to kneel and apologize.

The mixed beast race’s side naturally would not comply. When had the mixed beast race been bullied to this extent? Even without Feng You present, they had other experts, so both sides immediately started fighting.

However, Yan Baichen didn’t participate to leave himself some leeway. If Feng You were to appear, he would say that his subordinates wanted to fight, not him.

Also, even without Yan Baichen, the Black Rock Nine Underworld Python’s experts outnumbered Feng You’s people. Relying on that number advantage, they started to suppress the mixed beast race.

The vice leader of the mixed beast race realized that if Yan Baichen discovered Feng You’s absence, he would not hesitate to act and capture them, using them as leverage against Feng You.

After reaching this conclusion, the vice leader secretly communicated with the strongest experts among their ranks. With no further reservation, they instantly unleashed their full power to break through this encirclement.

Just as he predicted, the Black Rock Nine Underworld Python race had not reached the point of going all-out to kill them, so quite a few of Yan Baichen’s experts met a bloody end as the mixed beast race charged out of their encirclement.

This scene fueled Yan Baichen’s anger. He had only intended to surround the mixed beast race’s experts, but they actually dared to kill his people. He then gave a secret order to eliminate half of the mixed beast race’s experts—blood for blood.

Seeing the situation going awry, the mixed beast race used the transportation formation once again. Of course, Yan Baichen furiously tried to interrupt it, but he was one step too late. His attack only caused powerful fluctuations in the formation, resulting in many members of the mixed beast race coughing up blood from the spatial chaos.

Yan Baichen could discern the general direction of their transportation. Since the disruption he caused had messed with their transportation, he thought that they couldn’t have gone too far, so he immediately chased after them.

As a result, he really managed to catch up because Long Chen’s location wasn’t that far from their position.

However, the Black Rock Nine Underworld Python race didn’t get to revel in the sight of the bloodied experts from the mixed beast race. Instead, they were met with an icy glare from Feng You, followed by her furious demeanor amidst a sea of flames. Alongside her, Long Chen cast a sympathetic gaze toward them.

“Damn you! You’ll pay the price for your foolishness!” Feng You seethed with anger, having not expected Yan Baichen to be so brazen as to attack her people in her absence.

With the golden spear in her hand and the flames erupting around her, she looked just like a fiery goddess.

All of a sudden, she vanished. Yan Baichen’s expression shifted drastically as he realized he had completely lost track of her.

BOOM!

The ground exploded, revealing earth energy that condensed into a stone-like armor around Yan Baichen. This armor was as black as ink, exuding a heavy aura that seemed to absorb the energy of the entire earth in an instant.

After that, a giant stone shield appeared in his hand, and he swung it to his left.

“That’s quite the accurate sensing,” remarked Long Chen, quite surprised. Even Long Chen had to rely on his flame senses to tell Feng You’s attack direction, but Yan Baichen could react even faster. This indicated that Yan Baichen possessed similar abilities, and his senses were sharper than Long Chen’s.

In truth, Long Chen just didn’t know that Yan Baichen hadn’t sensed anything; he had simply guessed right because he was very familiar with Feng You’s attack pattern.

BOOM!

Feng You’s flaming spear crushed the black shield like a phoenix beak smashing a worm into pieces.

“Not good!” The Black Rock Nine Underworld Python race’s experts cried out in terror. Once the shield exploded, countless fragments of it flew out like meteorites, wreaking havoc. Many of them died without even getting a chance to scream.

“Damn!” Long Chen was startled by both Feng You and the black rock shield’s strength. The explosion was practically on par with the detonation of a Saint item. Yan Baichen indeed wasn’t a weakling, but Feng You had completely transformed.

“AH!”

Just then, a scream rang out. Feng You’s spear had not just shattered the shield but also pierced Yan Baichen’s chest.

“Phoenix Might Slaughter!” Feng You roared furiously, and her spear blazed as brightly as the sun.

“No-!”

BOOM!

An immense explosion drained all color from heaven and earth.