Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4553 Sneaky Butt Attack

Seeing Feng You and the others’ vigilant expressions and disbelief, Long Chen had to walk over and lead them through the Golden Crow race’s camp.

“Long Chen, what did you do?” asked Feng You.

The entire mixed beast race felt as if they were dreaming. The domineering and tyrannical Golden Crow race actually made a path for them? Even having personally witnessed it, they still didn’t believe it.

“Hehe, Boss Long San has long since swept through the world, and they have always been looking up to me. Not wanting to fight, they naturally made a path for us,” replied Long Chen.

In truth, Long Chen had simply directly given them a leaf with flames burning on it.

That leaf came from the primal chaos space’s Fusang Tree. The legend had it that the Golden Crow race’s original abode was on the Fusang Tree. As a result, their flames formed a resonance with the Fusang Tree, and the two formed a symbiotic relationship.

There was even a legend saying that when the Golden Crow race’s experts grew to a certain level, they would give rise to a Fusang Tree sapling in their own innate space, and it would grow alongside them. Those saplings were branches of the Fusang Tree planted within those spaces.

Hence, to the Golden Crow race, the Fusang Tree was always viewed as a treasure as precious as their own life. Anyone who dared to damage it would be crushed with their full force. However, everyone in the outside world knew of the Fusang Tree but had never seen it before.

For Long Chen to toss out a leaf of the Fusang Tree completely stunned the Golden Crow race. After that, their top experts immediately ran over to ask him where it came from.

They were so taken aback because this single leaf’s flame energy was even purer than that of their mother tree. It had to be known that they had been raising this mother tree for millions and millions of years, so this discovery was a major affair to them.

Long Chen naturally didn’t tell them that he had grown it himself. He came up with a story about how he had coincidentally run into a branch, and this leaf came from it.

Hearing that Long Chen had a branch of the Fusang Tree, their eyes turned green with greed. Long Chen had instantly had a bad feeling. These people wanted to kill him for that treasure.

Without hesitation, he tossed out a three-foot-long piece of the Fusang Tree.

He said that he had no use for it, but he wished to use it as a trade. He wanted a safe passage through the Golden Crow race for his people, and he expressed that his target was the group of desolate beasts.

Hearing that he wanted to attack the desolate beasts, the Golden Crow race’s experts jumped in shock. It had to be known that the desolate beasts numbered in the millions, and their leaders were the Golden Fur Heaven Merging Monkeys. They were not pushovers. Even the Golden Crow race was hesitating about whether or not they should compete with them.

On the other hand, the mixed beast race numbered only a few hundred thousand, and the majority of them didn’t seem that strong. They wanted to attack the desolate beast race? The Golden Crow race was caught off-guard by that statement.

Opening a path would cost them nothing. After all, they had accepted a treasure from Long Chen, so they didn’t feel good refusing. They could obtain a treasure and also get a show to watch, alright? Why would they refuse?

They even had a certain thought. If Long Chen and the desolate beasts were to fight to the bitter end, wouldn’t that give them the perfect opportunity to seize their territories as well? They could even wipe the two forces out.

Thus, the domineering Golden Crow race did not reject Long Chen’s proposal. They even cooperated with them nicely.

Feng You and the others didn’t know about this, so they couldn’t believe their eyes. As for Long Chen, he didn’t bother explaining. Just like that, he brought them through the Golden Crow race’s territory.

Just as they were passing through, Long Chen gave a certain look to everyone, and another bomb appeared in his hand.

Everyone directly understood, and all the experts who had been given bombs prepared themselves. After that, Long Chen indicated their assault target. They would cover the desolate beast race with bombs.

Under the cover of the Golden Crow race’s flames, Long Chen tossed his bomb, and the others imitated him. Dozens of bombs accurately landed within the desolate beast race’s camp.

The desolate beast race was not on particularly high guard against the Golden Crow race. After all, even if they were to fight each other, it would be a probing blow first to see who was stronger.

If there was a large power disparity, the stronger side would decide to attack in full power to wipe the weaker side out. If they were evenly matched, normally there wouldn’t be a bloody battle because neither side was willing to accept the price of such a battle.

It was due to this that the desolate beast race was resting here. While they were relaxed, dozens of bombs descended from the heavens, not triggering their alarm.

After the bombs exploded, fragments of immortal metal flew through their ranks, tearing through their powerful physical bodies like paper.

A single fragment would only exhaust its power after it had passed through several bodies. After that, the exhausted fragments would also explode and cause even more devastation.

The exhausted fragments would always explode inside the desolate beasts they were embedded in, dealing a fatal blow. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

As a result, the detonation of dozens of bombs ravaged the desolate beast race. Even the stronger lifeforms that managed to survive were covered in wounds.

As for the Golden Fur Heaven Merging Monkeys at the center, they were Long Chen’s main targets. In truth, although he had taken out a single bomb, he actually tossed five, and they exploded at different times. This bombardment caught them completely off-guard.

The majority of the desolate beasts were either killed or half-killed from this assault. Their leaders had taken the most wounds. In the end, only a few hundred of the Golden Fur Heaven Merging Monkeys survived.

Their leader shouted as if giving orders. At this time, a golden spear sliced through the air, aimed directly at the leader. Feng You’s decisive strike was unleashed.

Adorned with a regal golden crown and wielding a black staff, the leader brimmed with power. As Feng You closed in for the attack, a surge of murderous intent emanated from the leader. Its fur bristled, and a primal Blood Qi surged forth, signaling the start of a fierce confrontation.

BOOM!

The two divine weapons clashed, shaking the entire world, causing astral winds to unfurl.

At this moment, two leading figures appeared amongst the ranks of the desolate beasts. Long Chen recognized them as the two monkeys who had sneak attacked the mixed beast race and fled alive.

Long Chen immediately raised his golden crossbow and shot a golden streak of light.

The next moment, one of the two monkeys howled and covered its golden butt with both hands, jumping into the sky.

“What a familiar sight. Let’s call it a hole-in-one butt assault.”

Long Chen smiled and waved his hand, leading the mixed beast race’s experts forward.