Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4557 Heavenly Doyen Pill, Heavenly Doyen Flame

The formation disc had specific runes on it. When the first one lit up, Long Chen could sense the general direction of Xia Chen and the others, and when seven runes lit up, they would be able to send messages to each other.

The runes in the formation disc flickered in a special sequence, and Long Chen completely relaxed upon seeing it.

“Long Chen, what is this? Why are you so happy?” inquired Feng You as she looked curiously at the formation disc in his hand. It was her first time seeing him looking so happy.

“I’ve gotten in touch with my brothers. They’re all doing well,” replied Long Chen.

The flashing pattern on the formation disc was a secret message only they knew of. Guo Ran had sent word that everything proceeded smoothly on their end. The Dragonblood Legion had assembled in full force, with not a single member missing.

There was also some good news. On the way to the entrance to the Void Spirit World, they encountered some of their long-lost brothers and managed to reunite with them.

Now, they were on the edge of the outer region and hesitated to go to the core region around the gate. It was because, throughout their journey, they had faced numerous battles, encountering several native factions who harbored animosity toward them. Hence, Guo Ran was very worried about being the main target of everyone once they got to the core region.

However, if they didn’t get to the core, even more of their brothers in the surroundings wouldn’t know about their arrival, and they would miss this chance to reunite. Thus, Guo Ran felt very conflicted.

Long Chen quickly sent a message back, telling them not to be rash and keep waiting. He also started to insert top-grade spirit stones into the formation disc.

In just a bit, fluctuations came from the formation disc, and a fist-sized whirlpool appeared from it.

This was a mini transportation formation. Due to the immense distance and chaotic spatial energy, this mini gate could only allow small objects to pass through, not people.

Long Chen quickly gathered the top-grade Heavenly Doyen Fruits in the primal chaos space. Apart from the three six-star fruits, he also collected tens of five-star fruits, with the remainder being four-star. He packed over ten thousand of these fruits into a single worldstone and transmitted it through the mini spatial gate.

Buzz. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

As the spatial gate quivered, the worldstone vanished. Seeing this scene, Long Chen breathed a sigh of relief at the successful transportation. He knew that this method of transportation carried a high risk of failure, especially during the instantaneous transfer process. However, this time, he had succeeded.

Suddenly, the formation disc cracked, its runes dimming abruptly.

Long Chen had anticipated this outcome. Once the transportation was complete, the lifespan of the formation disc would expire. This formation disc was exceedingly precious; Xia Chen had only crafted two of them, specifically for long-distance communication and item transfer.

Although Long Chen had lost his means to communicate with them, successfully sending so many Heavenly Doyen Fruits over made it all worth it. After all, the Dragonblood Legion was in great need of them.

Those newly found brothers in particular might not have had a good time since ascending. The Heavenly Doyen Fruits would undoubtedly transform their lives for the better.

Long Chen looked into the primal chaos space, where millions of excess Heavenly Doyen Fruits remained. He couldn't help but grumble, “What am I supposed to do with so many fruits? Juice them?”

“They have a shocking use, but you still don’t have the ability to use them.” The Earth Cauldron’s voice rang out in Long Chen’s mind.

“Senior, what am I missing?” asked Long Chen, feeling delighted to hear the Earth Cauldron.

“Once you become a Heaven Venerate and possess the power of the three talents, you will be able to refine these Heavenly Doyen Fruits into pills,” replied the Earth Cauldron.

“And what is that supposed to do? They already work when they’re not refined into pills,” inquired Long Chen.

“When I say ‘refine’, I don’t mean one to one. You can use ninety-nine Heavenly Doyen Fruits of the same tier to refine a Heavenly Doyen Pill of a higher tier,” instructed the Earth Cauldron.

“You... are you serious?!” Long Chen’s jaw dropped as he heard this piece of information.

“Don’t get too happy though. If you want to refine the Heavenly Doyen Pill, you will truly be defying the heavens. Other than becoming a Heaven Venerate and mastering the three talents, you will need to condense the Heavenly Doyen Flame first. After all, only the Heavenly Doyen Flame can refine the Heavenly Doyen Pill. Once it receives the recognition of the entire world, it will have the ability to defy the heavens and challenge fate,” explained the Earth Cauldron.

“What is the Heavenly Doyen Flame?” asked Long Chen.

“To condense the Heavenly Doyen Flame, you will need to temper yourself in the primal chaos flame sea. Well, it’s a long story. You should become a Heaven Venerate first. I’ll tell you about it later,” answered the Earth Cauldron.

As Long Chen heard that, his newly ignited excitement waned. It seemed that accomplishing this task would be as difficult as ascending the heavens.

Yet, the fact that the Earth Cauldron mentioned it implied that it was possible. Otherwise, it wouldn't have bothered bringing it up.

Suddenly, a rumble jolted Long Chen out of the primal chaos space. He was astonished to see the once-clear sky now shrouded in darkness, and a colossal warhorse was approaching from the distance, soaring through the air.

The warhorse was like an enormous mountain. Furthermore, its aura was absolutely shocking, rivaling that of a Sage King.

What truly stunned them was its skeletal form, devoid of flesh and blood, with the bridle and saddle on the brink of collapse. It emanated an aura akin to a warhorse from the depths of hell, each step causing the earth to tremble.

That wasn’t all. As it soared through the air, they saw it pulling a bronze war chariot over.

The chariot was covered in patches of rust, lending it an ancient and weathered appearance. Its aura was nothing short of astonishing, causing a profound impact on everyone's souls, as if the chariot's passage wasn't through the air, but through their very souls.

The white bone warhorse wasn’t running, yet it was incredibly fast. Long Chen had barely seen it, and it was already hovering above his head.

At this time, countless people were clutching their heads in agony as if their heads would explode.

Normally, anyone flying over a group of people would provoke attacks from everyone. However, no one dared to make a sound in front of this warhorse and war chariot. They were all terrified.

“That human brat down below, why do you have the god race’s aura on you?”

Just then, a sinister voice rang out from within the war chariot, causing heaven and earth to rumble in response. It was like the battle drums of gods shaking the world.