Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4558 Bone War Horse, Bronze War Chariot

The white bone war horse pulling the bronze chariot shook the entire world. It flew arrogantly above their heads, and no one dared to stop or even say anything about it.

At this moment, the war chariot stopped above Long Chen and his companions. When the sinister voice rang out, all the hearts of the mixed beast race’s experts clenched.

They looked toward Long Chen in shock. Just what kind of background did he have? Another terrifying expert had taken special note of him. First, it was the Underworld race’s Wu Hun, and now it was this mysterious terrifying existence.

Long Chen’s good mood quickly soured, his expression darkening considerably. To borrow Boss Long San’s words, other people could be arrogant, but none could surpass Boss Long San.

Faced with this fellow who exuded arrogance akin to a god looking down on an ant, Long Chen’s anger flared uncontrollably.

“Scram!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Not wasting any time, Long Chen used only a single word to express his displeasure.

Seeing this scene, numerous experts around them quivered with horror. Just what kind of background did Long Chen have to dare speak like this to this terrifying expert?

It had to be known that even if they ignored whoever occupied the chariot, the mere presence of the horse alone was sufficient to instill fear in the hearts of the top experts here.

Feng You clenched her golden spear, ready to fight at any moment. She couldn’t afford to freeze in fear anymore.

“You ignorant fool, do you know who you’re speaking to?” A voice filled with sinister killing intent came out of the war chariot.

“You can be whoever you want. I don’t like you, so scram. Otherwise, I’ll break that tortoise shell of yours,” replied Long Chen coldly.

Although this chariot was terrifying, Long Chen believed that as long as he used the Earth Cauldron, he could smash it apart. However, he didn’t know whether or not the Earth Cauldron would be willing to help him.

Long Chen felt a surge of animosity toward the owner of the voice. Unbeknownst to him, this was somewhat similar to what Wu Hun felt toward him.

After all, Long Chen only disliked Wu Hun because the latter was a traitor to the Three-Headed Heaven Devouring Beast race.

As for this person, Long Chen didn’t even know his identity or origin, yet his voice alone was enough to stoke the flames of anger within him. Long Chen even had the urge to charge out and kill him right now.

It was like someone was mocking him from a luxurious carriage while he walked barefoot in torn clothes on the street. Long Chen found the feeling very displeasing.

However, what Long Chen didn’t realize was that this feeling stemmed not from envy, but from the depths of his soul.

“Hmph, ignorant people really are fearless. If I were to kill you personally, it would be giving you too much credit. However, provoking a god comes at a price,” sneered that person.

The war horse continued onward, dragging the chariot. He somehow ignored Long Chen.

“You must have some mental illness! What kind of dogshit are you spouting? There’s no logic behind it at all,” cursed Long Chen.

“Do you think an ant can understand a god’s words? The karma has been set. You will die at my hands sooner or later. However, whether it is directly or indirectly will be up to your luck.” That person’s sneer came from a great distance away.

Hearing this, Long Chen almost spat out blood from rage. He had seen arrogant people but never someone so arrogant. His eyes had been opened to a new level of arrogance in this world.

“Long Chen, who was he?” Seeing him vanish into the distance, Feng You finally sighed with relief.

“He comes from the Netherworld’s god race... Eh? The Netherworld’s god race?” Long Chen suddenly had a thought.

The Netherworld had three major factions: the Underworld race, the Nether race, and the god race. The Nether and Underworld races were like fire and water, fighting to the death the moment they saw each other. Their enmity could not be described with simple words.

As for the Netherworld’s god race, they didn’t participate in their battle. Neither of those two races wanted to gain another powerful enemy, so they had quite a good relationship with the god race. Although there were some small scuffles between them, large-scale wars were pretty much non-existent.

Earlier, when Wu Hun asked Long Chen about his god race aura, Long Chen hadn’t attached much significance to it. Moreover, Wu Hun’s overwhelming arrogance prevented him from probing Long Chen even further.

Now that Feng You inquired about the identity of that arrogant jackass, the realization struck Long Chen like lightning: this fellow was from the god race, much like Leng Yueyan and Ming Cangyue. The thought of them caused Long Chen’s fury to dissipate, replaced instead by a sense of longing.

“Ugh, I shouldn’t have let my anger get the best of me. I could have gained some information about them or even big brother Wu Tian.” Long Chen slapped his own leg in regret.

Long Chen was unable to rest easy when he thought about Leng Yueyan and Ming Cangyue. The two of them were alone in the dangerous Netherworld, with no one else to depend on.

Other than that, the majority of the Netherworld’s factions were under the command of the Underworld race. The Nether race had been teetering on the brink of collapse, and revitalizing them would be as challenging as ascending to the heavens for Wu Tian.

Long Chen also missed this big brother of his, which was why he almost went berserk upon encountering a traitor from Wu Tian’s bloodline.

“The Netherworld’s god race? Then how can that person be so terrifying? You shouldn’t have offended him,” sighed Feng You.

Long Chen smiled and patted her shoulder. “The path of cultivation is fraught with challenges, and most of those things won’t just pass if you grit your teeth and suffer through them. If you endure them, others will press you for more until you are pushed to the limits. By then, it may be too late to fight back. Just like with that arrogant jackass, if you gave in once, he’d see you as an easy target to bully. Establishing authority from the start was crucial. Otherwise, he would have attacked immediately. If I were to concede just a bit, he would no longer fear me.”

Feng You nodded. “You’re so smart. He doesn’t know how strong you are, so he doesn’t dare to be rash.”

“Correct.” Long Chen nodded with a smile.

“But what if you couldn’t scare him away?” asked Feng You.

Long Chen simply smiled and didn’t reply, thinking that if the arrogant jackass persisted, he would put him in his place and demonstrate that there was a hefty price for acting more arrogant than Boss Long San.

Just then, the gate at the very front rumbled, causing Feng You and the others to tense up.

“The Fantasy Spirit World is about to open.” Feng You’s voice quivered.