Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4559 Changing Plans

Looking toward the gate, Long Chen saw the enormous spatial gate starting to quiver. Above it, a terrifying vortex was steadily growing in size.

“If you don’t want to die, get out of the way!”

Just then, a furious roar rang out, coming from a bald man who led countless experts charging forward.

This baldy was none other than the Underworld race’s Wu Hun. The Underworld race’s experts had cast off their low-key robes to become a tyrannical force, and they would annihilate anyone who dared to block their path.

In an instant, chaos erupted on the battlefield. Several nearby factions, who had been concealing their power, were charging forward just like Wu Hun’s.

“Long Chen, take advantage of this chaos to get to the Void Spirit World!” exclaimed Feng You with a hint of unwillingness. She knew that this was Long Chen’s best chance to leave.

Feng You had thought it through. Once Long Chen left, she would keep the mixed beast race here, and once the first wave of experts had passed, she would lead her people forward. As long as they avoided the strongest experts in the first batch, she should have the power to protect everyone and get them through the gate in one piece. As long as they all got in, it would be considered a victory.

Long Chen was a bit worried about the mixed beast race, but just as Feng You said, leaving now really was the best option.

Just as he was about to reply, the Earth Cauldron’s voice rang out in his mind. “There is no need for you to do such a thing. You might as well enter from the Fantasy Spirit World’s entrance. Once you’re inside, I can help you break the walls of that world, and you will be able to easily enter the Void Spirit World from there. Other than that, the Fantasy Spirit World’s entrance is filled with native experts. These people are powerful, but they don’t recognize many treasures, especially medicinal ingredients and ores. I am sure you understand what I mean.”

“You really can break through the walls between worlds?” asked Long Chen. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Of course. It’s easy,” replied the Earth Cauldron in such a light tone that it bordered on disdain. Such a task was nothing for it.

“Then doesn’t that mean you would have been able to send me in even if it wasn’t through the world of the ninth heaven?” asked Long Chen.

“Of course. However, walking that kind of shortcut would definitely invoke such karma that it could kill you. This place is different. This so-called world of the ninth heaven is fundamentally a passageway, so breaking through to a new world from here will not invoke karma.”

“So that’s the case.” Long Chen was delighted to hear this. Since the Earth Cauldron was so sure of it, there should be no problem.

“Long Chen, hurry! It’s going to be too late if you keep waiting here!” Feng You grabbed Long Chen’s hand and shook it worriedly. Seeing him not respond, she thought that he was hesitating about it.

She did wish Long Chen could stay, but she wasn’t so selfish. According to custom, the outside world’s experts would only obtain the best opportunities if they entered the Void Spirit World.

Seeing her reaction, Long Chen smiled and didn’t reply. He just patted the blood-colored saber on his back, and it let out a cry as if smelling blood.

Long Chen shouted, “Warriors of the mixed beast race, the Fantasy Spirit World’s gate is right before us! Once we are past that gate, we will be able to change our fates and defy the heavens! The path of cultivation is fraught with bloodshed, and each of us must fight to cross it. Hence, no one can stay at the top forever. Your lives were bestowed upon you by your father and mother, but your destiny is forged by your own hands. With the chance to change your fate within reach, I ask you: Do you have the guts to take this gamble with me?”

Long Chen’s voice was full of a wild domineeringness that fully ignited the blood of the mixed beast race’s experts.

“Long Chen...!” Feng You covered her mouth, tears streaming down her face.

The mixed beast race erupted into thunderous roars that shook the heavens. There was no need for a verbal reply; the resounding roar that emanated from the depths of their hearts and souls was the most powerful response.

“Good! Since you’re willing to gamble with me, let’s go wild! I don’t dare to say that you will definitely win, but I will not let you lose! Move out! Our target is the Fantasy Spirit World! If gods block us, slay gods! If devils block us, slay devils! No one can stop our march!” With that, Long Chen started walking forward.

“If gods block us, slay gods! If devils block us, slay devils!”

“If gods block us, slay gods! If devils block us, slay devils!”

“If gods block us, slay gods! If devils block us, slay devils!”

Long Chen’s domineeringness had infected the mixed beast race’s experts. Hence, they just followed Long Chen, akin to a sharp blade piercing through, and Long Chen was the tip of that blade.

Feng You followed close behind Long Chen. As she looked at his back, more tears streamed out of her eyes. She had never felt so moved in this lifetime. This back provided her with a sense of security. Even if she had to pass through a mountain of blades or a sea of fire, she wouldn’t feel any fear with this back in front of her.

Previously, Long Chen had been concealing his true power. However, if the Earth Cauldron could let him pass through worlds, there was no need for him to hold back. Just like that, he fully unleashed his undefeatable aura.

Long Chen didn’t need to attack. Feng You's spear danced with deadly precision, and anyone who dared to obstruct her path, regardless of their race, met a swift end. With Long Chen present, she could go completely wild.

With the mixed beast race charging forward, they quickly ended up near the Underworld race’s army. Although the mixed beast race started a bit later, with Feng You charging forward at full power, their marching speed was unbelievable.

Furthermore, as the Underworld race was crushing and throwing all the formations ahead of them into chaos, the mixed beast race could relax quite a bit.

The Underworld race’s experts were displeased to see the mixed beast race following them and using them as bodyguards.

Suddenly, one of the Underworld race’s top experts vanished. This person was one of Wu Hun’s strongest subordinates, akin to his right-hand man, and he was incredibly powerful.

“Get back here!”

However, the moment he vanished, Wu Hun was startled and shouted.

Unfortunately, his right-hand man was already in front of Feng You, thrusting a black bone sword toward her.

The sword was three feet long and as thick as a forearm, adorned with countless barbs resembling sharp teeth. The strange weapon exuded a terrible aura that made others shiver.

“Courting death!”

Seeing this person brazenly appear in front of her and launch a direct attack without any probing blows, Feng You was consumed by fury. It was as if this person really thought that he could kill her in one move. Reacting swiftly, she raised her golden shield while simultaneously launching a counterattack with her golden spear.

However, to her astonishment, her shield blocked nothing, and her spear found no target. Wu Hun’s right-hand man had mysteriously vanished.

“Long Chen, watch out!”

Feng You suddenly let out a startled cry. She was shocked to find that this person had bizarrely appeared right behind Long Chen, his bone weapon perilously close to Long Chen’s head, mere inches away.