Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4563 Running Neck and Neck

Before Long Chen could do anything, the enormous spatial gate suddenly disintegrated, and a black lotus emerged from its depths.

At the heart of this immense black lotus was a swirling vortex. As soon as it appeared, all the present experts sprang into action.

The white bone horse let out a loud cry. Its skeletal body then blazed with light, and it charged into the black lotus with the bronze chariot trailing behind.

The other experts also unleashed their battle cries and charged forward, seemingly driven to madness. They summoned their strongest defenses and forced their way into the vortex.

“Let’s go!” Long Chen shouted, surrounded by swirling starlight as he charged forward. With chaos unfolding ahead, he raised his saber high and brought it down with a mighty slash. “Split the Heavens 4!”

While the other experts were squeezing forward with all their power, Long Chen was even more violent. He showed no mercy to anyone obstructing his path, swiftly dispatching them with his saber.

“Courting death!”

Those experts at the front were furious. Having reached this point, these individuals were the apex geniuses of the world of the ninth heaven. All of them were so powerful that they all restrained themselves for fear of the consequences. Unless they had no other choice, they wouldn’t go all-out.

Thus, they relied on their defensive capabilities to push forward, engaging in a silent competition of strength. However, Long Chen’s saber shattered this unspoken agreement. Those in its path were sent flying, coughing up blood as a bloody path was cleaved open.

Feng You and the others were stunned. Long Chen was actually this powerful? And he was fighting for them?

Feng You and her companions believed that merely reaching this point was an unprecedented accomplishment for them. They had intended to wait for the first wave of the strongest experts to pass before entering as the second wave.

Historically, the mixed beast race always entered as part of the final wave, so achieving this level of advancement was already a source of great pride and satisfaction for them.

While they were satisfied, Long Chen wasn’t. He directly opened a path through violence, diving into the path that he made.

Seeing Long Chen charging forward, Feng You and the others clenched their teeth and followed, knowing they had no other choice.

“You damn human and inferior mixed beast race, just you wait!”

With the gate open, they had no time to spend on Long Chen, so they continued to charge in with all their power.

Seeing them behaving so rudely, Long Chen started to repeatedly slash his saber. With each slash, his power accumulated, adding to the strength of the next. By the fifth slash, five forms merged into one.

“Split the Heavens 5!”

BOOM!

This time, the expressions of these experts truly changed. Their souls shuddered as the will to split the heavens emanated from Long Chen, causing the world to shiver in response.

“Courting death!” The experts at the front roared furiously, but in front of this terrifying blow, they could only get out of the way.

After all, if they were to block this attack, they would have to pay a painful price, and it would severely affect their ability to charge forward. Although these experts were enraged, they hastily dodged the slash.

Some of the weaker experts were unable to dodge in time and disintegrated into a mist of blood. After all, this attack contained the power of five forms and possessed apocalyptic power, capable of ending even five-star Doyens.

Borrowing this saber’s power, Long Chen charged through their midst, quickly leading the mixed beast race to the forefront of the experts.

“Long Chen, watch out! It’s Xie Fei!”

When they reached the front, Feng You spotted a figure with a giant scythe on his back. It was the Heavenly Corrupt Sect’s junior sect master, Xie Fei.

To her surprise, Xie Fei’s aura was completely different from before, as if he had been possessed by a god. Merely looking at him would make people’s souls quiver.

Moreover, Long Chen also saw Wu Hun, as well as some monkeys in golden fur. Amongst them was one who had exchanged blows with Long Chen before.

Long Chen then noticed one monkey among the group whose aura was particularly terrifying. This monkey wore a golden crown and had demonic violet light in its eyes. Even from a distance, it exuded an immense pressure that unsettled Long Chen deeply.

Other than that, Long Chen also saw experts from the Black Rock Nine Underworld Python race. Just as Feng You said, they had many branches, and the one led by Yan Baichen was just one of those branches.

The true experts of their race were here along with countless experts of the devil race, Blood race, demon race, and beast race.

Long Chen also noticed the existence of the experts of the Spirit race. However, in this situation, he had no way of greeting them.

Although the Earth Spirit race’s mother tree had once told Long Chen that he could seek the protection of the Spirit race, with Long Chen’s pride, how could he possibly do that?

There were far too many experts here. Just experts on the level of Xie Fei, Wu Hun, and the mysterious expert inside the bronze war chariot were too many to count. Long Chen also couldn’t be bothered to care so much. Once an arrow was shot from a bow, there was no turning back. All he could do was continue charging forward.

Long Chen was extremely fast, and he no longer needed to keep fighting. His mind, body, and spirit fully concentrated on his saber. Anyone who dared to block him would receive a thunderous blow.

Long Chen quickly led the mixed beast race to the very front of this pack, running alongside the strongest experts of the world of the ninth heaven.

All the mixed beast race’s experts felt their blood boiling with excitement, and Feng You was no exception. Finally, they were experiencing the world from the perspective of the strongest factions. In ordinary circumstances, the mixed beast race could only look up to them. However, under Long Chen’s guidance, they were now right alongside them. The sense of glory and pride they felt was indescribable.

Hundreds of factions were running alongside each other. But curiously, everyone’s speed was similar. No matter how much Long Chen tried, he was unable to shake off the others. It was the same for them as well.

Long Chen then realized that this was one of the unbroken laws of this gate. Luckily, the various factions remained a certain distance from each other and minded their own business.

However, the closer they got to the whirlpool at the center of the black lotus, the less space there was, forcing them to get closer gradually. Like thousands of boats on a narrowing river, they would crash into each other sooner or later if they didn’t slow down. At this moment, several of those powerful factions started to draw closer to the mixed beast race.

Seeing this scene, Feng You and the others tensed up. On the other hand, a ruthless expression appeared on Long Chen’s face, and his saber rumbled.

Suddenly, the void buzzed, revealing a scythe that sliced through the air and Xie Fei. Its cut displaced the space entirely, as if the very world had been cleaved apart.

“Time for you to face your death, you inferior human! Face the punishment of the Corrupt God!” shouted Xie Fei, his divine might causing heaven and earth to quiver. Surprisingly, he directly used one of his strongest killing blows. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

“Seven Star Battle Armor!”

Long Chen let out a roar, and a wild aura erupted, akin to a volcano that had been accumulating power for millions and millions of years.