Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4596 Getting to Work

VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Long Chen tried to summon the Kunpeng wings, only to find that they were gone.

“He even expelled my Kunpeng wings,” Long Chen exclaimed, startled by this revelation. But then, considering the Sovereign scale had almost eliminated his core blood, Long Chen knew that there was no way his Kunpeng wings could survive.

Luckily, these wings were the result of him refining the runes from a Kunpeng’s wings, and he had long since memorized those runes.

With a bit of effort, Long Chen called forth his wings once more. This time, however, they manifested as wings of thunderforce. No one knew whether Long Chen was trying to rub it in the nose of that middle-aged man, but these wings bore an identical appearance to his old ones.

Long Chen then flew off, glad that these lightning wings weren’t much slower than the old ones.

After flying for a bit, he noticed that some of the dragon nests that were previously bustling with activity now lay empty, but their ancestral scales still hovered at the center of the nests.

When he arrived at the white dragon race’s nest, he found that their people were gone. However, several experts of other dragon races were still present, undergoing the baptism of the sacred light.

Seeing him, a dragon expert immediately flew over to him and respectfully informed him. “Mister Long Chen, Princess Yingxue and the others have already finished the dragon blood marrow cleansing and just left. They told me to tell you if I saw you.”

Dragon blood marrow cleansing? Long Chen was baffled at first. However, when thought of how the Sovereign clan’s elder had violently switched out his blood, he supposed that counted as a marrow cleansing.

According to the Earth Cauldron, after undergoing this process, they had to undergo heavenly tribulation and become Divine Venerates before they could challenge the ancestral scale.

However, before they did that, they had to find a good place to undergo their tribulation and wait for the ten thousand Daos of the Fantasy Spirit World to awaken. That would be the optimal time to undergo tribulation.

This so-called awakening of the ten thousand Daos occurred at the same time in the Esoteric Spirit World, the Fantasy Spirit World, and the Void Spirit World, as the three worlds were interconnected.

The Earth Cauldron explained that it was part of the cycle of the ninth heaven’s fengshui. They would choose the best time to undergo tribulation based on the world’s qi flow.

When that time came, a manifestation would descend from the heavens, and the laws of the ninth heaven would abruptly change. After that, an ancient aura would fill the world, and by borrowing the power of tribulation, the experts could absorb that ancient spiritual qi to undergo a similar transformation as the experts of ancient times.

Everyone knew that as the times changed, the laws governing the Heavenly Daos gradually became more incomplete. Across all races, whether human or otherwise, there were obvious signs of decline in their souls, talents, and bloodlines.

Races reliant on bloodline inheritances, in particular, had countless of their bloodline runes in a state of hibernation. Some bloodlines had remained dormant for so long that they might never awaken.

No one knew how many of those hibernating runes existed in them, or if they could ever manage to awaken the runes. Thus, everyone was waiting for the manifestation of the ten thousand Daos to descend, as that was their only chance of awakening their slumbering potential.

The world was peaceful, devoid of any signs of manifestation. However, meticulous people like Bai Yingxue had long since found the most optimal locations for their tribulations.

After all, they wouldn’t dare to test their luck now. Before subduing their own ancestral scale, even thinking about going after the Sovereign scale would be like suicide.

After learning of Bai Yingxue and her companions’ departure, Long Chen left as well and went toward the Netherdragon race’s nest.

The Netherdragon race’s Ten Thousand Dragon Nest had been destroyed, but the ancestral scale still hovered in the air. When Long Chen arrived, he could no longer sense Netherdragon Tianzhao’s aura, which showed that he had left.

Long Chen furiously attacked the ancestral scale, only to find that he was unable to cause any damage to it. He could only angrily leave.

At that moment, a wicked thought crossed Long Chen’s mind: to use the Earth Cauldron to smash the ancestral scale apart. Imagining Netherdragon Tianzhao’s return, brimming with confidence to subdue the ancestral scale, only to find it missing, brought a smirk to Long Chen’s face.

However, the Earth Cauldron adamantly refused. While breaking the scale apart was easy, the burden of the dragon’s resentment curse was too much for it to bear. Having just woken up, it didn’t want to descend into slumber again.

Since Long Chen couldn’t entice the Earth Cauldron, he could only kick the ancestral scale a few times before flying away.

Long Chen flew for the majority of a day before he could fly out of the cemetery of dragons. He also saw quite a few dragon experts flying out on the way and preparing for their tribulations.

“Senior, I want to take a look at the Void Spirit World!” said Long Chen.

The Earth Cauldron replied, “The Void Spirit World is enormous, and you won’t find your brothers in that vast world. We should get to work instead.”

“What kind of work?” asked Long Chen.

“Time is of the essence. Just go in the direction I indicate. To save time, you should use a supreme long-distance fixed-direction transportation formation,” advised the Earth Cauldron, indirectly responding to Long Chen’s question.

Xia Chen had given hundreds of these kinds of formation discs to Long Chen, and the exact distance they could cover depended on the limitations of spatial laws in the region.

According to Xia Chen’s tests, a single transportation could save Long Chen a month’s worth of travel, which was quite a great distance. Yet, this kind of supreme distance transportation formation had a major drawback: its precision was terrible. Furthermore, if the user were to accidentally strike a hidden wall of the world, the impact might just kill them.

As a result, even though Long Chen had plenty of these formations on him, he didn’t dare to use them lightly. Using it in unfamiliar territory could lead to huge deviations from his intended destinations, so it wasn’t very practical.

However, since the Earth Cauldron had recommended their use, Long Chen felt more confident now. He proceeded to set up the formation according to the orientation indicated by the Earth Cauldron.

Buzz.

As millions of tiny runes lit up on a ten-meter formation disc, the mountain of spirit stones accumulated within its inner space instantly turned to dust.

The space around Long Chen twisted and then settled into an eerie calm. Before he could even get a clear look at where he was, a disgusting smell assaulted his senses. The world around him also grew dark.