Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4620: Stealing Techniques

Long Chen crossed his arms to forcibly block the nine star disciples punch. He then slowly lowered his arms, revealing his smiling face.

Although his robes were in tatters and he was covered in blood, his eyes were full of excitement.

I see. So you were using his energy to awaken your astral energy. The Earth Cauldron now understood Long Chens intentions.

It sighed in amazement at Long Chens craziness. Sometimes, he really did come up with some terrifying ideas.

At the start, Long Chen intentionally let himself be wounded by the nine star disciple, pushing himself to the verge of death. His goal was to awaken the self-protection instincts of his nine star energy.

This was a crazy gamble. If the nine star disciple couldnt awaken Long Chens power, Long Chen would have been beaten to death without a chance to retaliate.

Fortunately, his gamble had paid off. The nine star disciples energy indeed triggered Long Chens latent nine star power.

With his nine star power awakened, Long Chens strength didnt just increase; his nine star energy started absorbing the opponents energy to strengthen itself.

That was Long Chens ultimate goal. It was his first time fighting a nine star disciple of this caliber, and this presented Long Chen with his best opportunity to delve into the secrets of the nine stars.

As Long Chens understanding of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art barely scratched the surface, it would be impossible for him to decipher the Nine Star Hegemon Body Arts secret arts simply by watching this nine star disciples moves.

However, by using his nine star energy to absorb the other sides energy, he could slowly uncover the mysteries of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art.

As the other sides energy flowed into Long Chen, his awakened nine star energy absorbed it eagerly, causing Long Chen to almost shout in excitement.

Feeling like he had transformed from a small creek into a vast sea, Long Chen saw a boundless world before him, uncovering mysteries he had never glimpsed before.

As expected, I really did take many extra turns, but my direction was still correct. Although there was a bit of deviation, its not too late to correct them now.

Looking at his own arms, he sensed the astral energy that was constantly changing within him and felt an unprecedented confidence swell up within him. He felt like he could control the very heavens at this moment.

When Long Chen blocked the nine star disciples attack, the disciple didnt immediately attack again. Instead, he slowly clasped his hands together. With his thumbs pressed against each other, he raised his forefingers and middle fingers.

Hand seals?

Long Chen was shocked. He had never used hand seals for his battle armor.

The seven star diagram behind the nine star disciple trembled. Following that, another diagram appeared behind his hands. When Long Chen saw it, his hair stood on end. With a shout, he smashed his elbow to his side.

At the start, the nine star disciple was right in front of Long Chen. However, just as Long Chens elbow moved, the nine star disciple materialized right beside him and collided with Long Chens elbow perfectly.

BOOM!

This exchange shattered Long Chens elbow. It seemed that the nine star disciples fist was even more terrifying than a Saint weapon.

To Long Chens surprise, the aura of the nine star disciple was continuously changing, altered by the seven star diagram behind his hands.

This time, the nine star disciple didnt give Long Chen any chance to breathe. His hand shot for Long Chens throat, his fingers resembling claws, suddenly just inches away from Long Chens throat.

Long Chen shot back with all his power, but the claw still tore through his shoulder, ripping a chunk of his flesh off.

Long Chen gritted his teeth in pain. Seeing the nine star disciple attacking again, Long Chen actually used his chest to withstand a palm strike.

The nine-star disciples palm pierced straight through Long Chens chest. This time, he couldnt withstand the attack. Had it been anyone other than Long Chen, they would have been blown into a mist of blood.

Long Chen flew back. This time, his injury was so severe that even the primal chaos space was unable to instantly heal him. Moreover, the nine star disciple seemed to have no intention of sparing Long Chen. He appeared in front of Long Chen again and threw a punch on his head.

In front of this killing blow, Long Chen clenched his teeth and unleashed his own punch, his arm instantly covered in stars.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Not good!

Long Chen had intentionally let the palm strike him, as he wanted his nine star power to memorize that attack and carve it into him.

However, after that attack, he instinctively summoned his astral arm. This was a technique he had learned from the Starry River of the Sky Art, as he couldnt summon the nine star disciples technique yet.

With a pained grunt, Long Chens arm shattered, almost exploding from this blow.

Just then, the nine star disciple followed up with another attack.

Calm down! Calm down! Remember that hand seal!

Long Chen was on the brink of death. If he could not block this attack, he would very likely die.

All of a sudden, time seemed to slow down. That nine star disciples fist was moving slowly, and all kinds of sounds faded away. The only thing that remained constant was the flickering of the stars in the sky.

Long Chen closed his eyes, recalling the nine star disciples hand seal. It was a very simple hand seal with no profundities to speak of.

This seal kept revolving in his mind. Long Chen suddenly recalled that the stars in the sky had flashed when the nine star disciple made this seal.

I understand!

Long Chen cried out. When others used hand seals, they were drawing out the power of heaven and earth. However, the nine star disciples hand seal could draw out the astral energy of the stars.

Long Chens attention had all been on that simple seal, which caused him to neglect the change in the stars above.

After thinking of that, Long Chen instantly understood. Although Long Chen hadnt tested that hand seal, he had cultivated the Starry River of the Sky Art. Having learned how to draw the power of the stars into him, he knew the position and movements of the stars above him.

However, at this time, it was too late for him to put that into practice.

In a desperate bid to protect himself, Long Chen summoned Lei Linger, who materialized a lightning shield in front of him.

BOOM!

The power behind this nine star disciples fist was unimaginable, blasting Lei Linger and her shield.

However, Lei Lingers intervention bought Long Chen some precious time. As he rapidly retreated, with the healing power of the primal chaos space, his arm fully recovered and the hole in his chest started to rapidly heal.

Long Chen formed a hand seal identical to that of the nine star disciple. The next moment, countless stars in the starry sea of his manifestation started to light up according to a certain rhythm.

A seven star diagram also appeared around Long Chens arms.

BOOM!

Two fists covered in different seven star diagrams crashed into each other.