Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4621: Stars Against Stars

The void exploded, revealing flying Grand Dao runes around the space. The impact knocked Long Chen back over ten steps, causing his blood to flip inside of him.

In this exchange, his power was still inferior to that of the nine star disciple, but Long Chen was filled with delight.

Success! I pulled it off!

Long Chen himself couldnt believe it. He had actually managed to learn one of the secret arts of the nine star lines. Having experienced this nine star disciples attacks personally, he knew just how terrifying this move was.

However, Long Chen quickly learned and displayed this terrifying move. Although his power was still inferior to that of the nine star disciple, he had just learned this move and could still perfect it. This result was more than satisfactory to him.

In truth, the reason Long Chen could instantly learn this technique was thanks to the Starry River of the Sky Art and the nine star disciple he had encountered in his last tribulation.

In his last tribulation, that nine star disciple had displayed similar techniques. While Long Chen had tried to imitate him, he had failed back then. His imitated techniques only looked right, but he didnt have the right foundation.

Later on, with the guidance of the Starry River of the Sky Art, Long Chen learned to draw starlight into himself and turn his body into an astral form, laying a solid foundation for himself.

After all, the Starry River of the Sky Art was derived from the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art, so it could still help Long Chen in this regard. The only problem was that it was a simplified version. As a result, while Long Chen was able to easily learn the process of turning his body into an astral form, he struggled to replicate the exact moves of the nine star disciple from his previous tribulation. They only looked right, but their actual power was worlds apart.

Nevertheless, without the Starry River of the Sky Art, without that nine star disciple demonstrating him these moves, and without his perseverance in testing and failing numerous times, Long Chen wouldnt have been able to learn this technique in this crucial moment.UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Therefore, success often wasnt a matter of luck, but rather the culmination of countless past failures that paved the way for success in the present.

BOOM!

Long Chen and the nine star disciple clashed once again, and Long Chen was once more blown back. However, Long Chen was overjoyed. Although he was still at a disadvantage, at the very least, he now had the ability to fight his opponent.

With a resounding roar, the stars in his divine ring revolved, revealing a surge of violet light. It had been a long time since Long Chen had awakened his manifestation, Starry Sea Births Violet Qi. However, this time, it was clearly different.

This violet light caused Long Chens stars to revolve according to a set path. His astral energy felt like a suppressed volcano that had finally found a release point, bursting out uncontrollably with power.

This time, it was Long Chen who attacked first. His fists danced like meteorites smashing toward the nine star disciple.

Now, Long Chen was taking the initiative. Although he was still suppressed, he always managed to launch three attacks out of ten exchanges.

Watching from the sideline, the Earth Cauldron had been extremely worried at the start. Understanding Long Chens character, it refrained from intervening as it knew that helping Long Chen might deal a serious blow to his confidence and potentially hinder his future growth.

However, if it didnt intervene, it also feared the possibility of Long Chen being beaten to death. After all, the nine star disciple was merely a copy created by a formation, devoid of mercy.

Now watching Long Chen gradually turning the tides, it breathed a sigh of relief. This fellow may be foolish, but he has immense talent and comprehension when in cultivation. He always manages to find the most beneficial way for himself in cultivation.

Although the Earth Cauldron always cursed Long Chen for being stupid, that only applied when Long Chen was overwhelmed by anger.

When it came to Long Chens cultivation talent, it actually greatly approved of him. Otherwise, it wouldnt gamble everything on him.

Long Chen and the nine star disciple exchanged punches and kicks. Even with Long Chens new power, he was unable to get the upper hand. This was due to the nine star disciples ephemeral movement art. Furthermore, as they were both part of the nine star line, Long Chens sense of danger toward his opponent was clearly slightly slower compared to normal, causing Long Chen to be at a disadvantage.

If it werent for Long Chens immense combat experience and skill in close-range combat, he would have long since been crushed.

As Long Chen fought, he also paid attention to the nine star disciples movement art and the star diagram behind him.

Long Chen quickly noticed a faint violet qi beneath the nine star disciples feet. With every step, a star in the sky would twinkle with a violet light.

I understand! His steps have a certain pattern! Every step is a star position!

The image of the martial stage appeared in Long Chens mind. He then correlated the starry sky with the martial stage, noticing that the nine star disciples movements corresponded with the flashing of certain stars.

It was as if the nine star disciple had set up countless formation discs throughout the martial stage, enabling him to freely teleport between formation discs. This explained why his movement art was so difficult to track.

The starry sea in the dome is the same as the starry sea in my divine ring. They all correspond to the stars above the nine heavens. As he has spread the power of his manifestation throughout the ground to form an invisible star map, he can go wherever he wants within this domain. Its similar to Huo Linger and Lei Lingers domains! He can freely move around, and this star domain is even more terrifying because there are no spatial fluctuations every time he moves. Theres no way to track him.

All kinds of patterns were flashing in Long Chens mind, as he rapidly decomposed the nine star disciples movement art, corroborating it with his own understanding.

This movement art was far too unique, allowing the nine star disciple to appear anywhere on the martial stage. It was like Long Chen was fighting a thousand of him at once.

For someone else, let alone fighting back, just trying to keep track of his figure would make them dizzy. It was impossible to tell which one was real and which one was an afterimage.

If there are 108,000 stars, and every step is one star, am I supposed to memorize where every star goes?! Once Long Chen managed to decipher this technique to this point, he felt a wave of hopelessness.

However, he quickly found that the nine star disciples steps were also constrained. The flashing region of the star map was limited to a small portion of the starry sea.

Long Chen looked closely. The nine star disciple was navigating between only three thousand and six hundred star positions. This revelation sparked a realization in Long Chens mind.

BOOM!

Long Chen roared and unleashed a powerful fist toward the nine star disciple. The latter staggered, providing Long Chen with an opening to rise and deliver a swift kick toward him.

However, Long Chens kick met only empty space. Anticipating this, he spun, harnessing the momentum from his kick to propel his fist toward a specific spot.

BOOM!

With a massive explosive sound, the void collapsed, revealing a figure that came flying out of it.