Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4622: A Nine Star Disciple’s Trump Cards

Success!

Long Chen was delighted to have accurately predicted the position of the nine star disciple. In other words, he had managed to grasp the laws of this movement art. As long as he could study and test it, he would also be able to use this ephemeral movement art.

Thinking of this, Long Chen grew even more excited. As for the nine star disciple who was now standing not too far from him, he stared at Long Chen expressionlessly.

There was a clear fist-print on the robes over his chestthe mark of Long Chens last attack.

No one knew what his clothes were made of, but Long Chens full-power attack only left behind this unremarkable fist-print on it.

In contrast, Long Chens attire consisted solely of his underwear, the rest of his body drenched in his own blood.

Amazing. To be able to see through the initial concept of the Star Cloud Steps so quickly without any pointers and to even predict the next step this fellow is definitely a monstrous genius of the cultivation world.

At this time, the Earth Cauldron that was at the edge of the martial stage sighed to itself.

Perhaps the Heavenly Daos are compensating for his occasional foolishness by bestowing him with such extraordinary cultivation talent. The Earth Cauldron reached another conclusion.

At this moment, peace descended upon the martial stage. Long Chen and the nine star disciple just stared at each other, none of them moving. The only thing moving was the star diagram on the dome.

As the stars shifted, an unusual ambiance enveloped the entire martial stage. Subsequently, the martial stage gradually dissipated. Long Chen found himself in a desolate world.

The martial stage was gone, replaced by a rocky wasteland. Everything underwent a transformation, and only the stars continued to remain in the sky.

It seems that our exchanges just now were a mere warm-up for this trial. Now, the real trial begins. Seeing this scene, Long Chen took a deep breath. His expression became serious.

This trial resembled a heavenly tribulation. The ensuing stage would be a true battle of life and death, where destinies would be determined by bloodshed.

Dont worry. Fight to your hearts content. As long as Im here, you will not die!

Just then, the Earth Cauldrons voice rang out. At some point, it had also entered this world.

Before Long Chen could reply, the nine star disciple drew Long Chens attention. His white robes billowed in the wind, and his long hair danced around him. The seven star diagram in his eyes rotated, while seven sun-like stars blazed behind him, causing the world to tremble.

Come. Let me see how strong a heavenly genius from ancient times is! Long Chen exclaimed, staring fearlessly at the nine star disciple. The starry sea in his divine ring also started to quiver.

Seven Star Battle Armor! They roared at the same time, causing two wild auras to erupt and a tempest to explode from beneath their feet. Their aura shook the dome of the heavens.

One clad in white and the other in black, they collided like black and white meteorites with all their power.

Their fists, brimming with their utmost strength, clashed together in a world-shaking blow, transforming the colorful surroundings into a monochrome realm.

A sphere of light erupted from the point of impact between their fists and then expanded to devour this enormous space.

It tore the world asunder and disintegrated the boulders in an instant, causing the ten thousand Daos to wail. Long Chen and the nine star disciple were both sent flying backward.

In this exchange, they were evenly matched, which bolstered Long Chens confidence.

One star, Star Fall! the nine star disciple shouted. Forming seals with his right hand, he opened his hand toward the sky. A star rapidly dimmed above the nine heavens.

Following that, a fist-sized sphere of light materialized in his left palm. It traversed his arm, surged through his body, and burst forth from his right hand.

What?!

Long Chen was dumbstruck to see the globe of light coming right at him. With a roar, he threw a fist in front of him.

BOOM!

The globe of light shattered, but its terrifying power made Long Chen feel like a star had just struck him. Even with his star diagram protecting his hands, they still went numb.

Long Chen smashed into the ground, leaving a long ditch in it.

Two stars, Flying Rainbow!

Before Long Chen could even recover, the nine star disciple already appeared behind him, with a sphere of light in each hand, and then hurled both at Long Chen.

Long Chen had no time to dodge. He flicked his fingers, projecting two rays of divine light. The two spheres then detonated a few miles away from Long Chen.

By using astral energy, Long Chen successfully detonated the nine star disciples divine ability. But despite that, the void still tore apart, and Long Chen let out a grunt even from this distance, almost coughing up blood.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Three stars, Soul Chaser!

The nine star disciples icy voice echoed through the air, and three stars shot at Long Chen like cannonballs.

Initially resembling globes of light, they transformed into star-like forms. Faced with the nine star disciple's assault, Long Chen found himself unable to retaliate. It was too late for him to detonate these stars as well.

Using one fist to deflect each of the first two stars, Long Chen managed to divert them. However, the third star struck him squarely in the chest.

Blood sprayed out of Long Chens mouth as his bones once more shattered. He then tumbled back wretchedly.

Four stars, Devil Prison!

Four pillars of light soared into the sky, converging into a terrifying seal at the center. The combined power of the four pillars bore down on Long Chen, causing the ground beneath him to crumble.

Even then, this was just the start. The full force of the four pillars had yet to be unleashed, and Long Chen already felt his body teetering on the brink of collapse.

This nine star disciple was capable of unleashing powerful techniques in rapid succession, giving Long Chen no chance to catch his breath.

Break! Long Chen roared, summoning a hidden power from within. His starry sea quivered as countless stars formed in his hands, forming a starry blade.

With the starry blade in his hands, he brought it down in a slashing motion. A ray of divine light shot out, cleaving through the dome of the sky like a heavenly blade.

BOOM!

The four stars exploded in contact with his starry blade.

Star World Extermination!

Long Chen let out a defiant roar, no longer holding back. As he extended his hand, stars gathered in his palm, taking the shape of a lotus. With a mighty thrust, he hurled it toward the nine star disciple.

Through this disciple, Long Chen had grasped the means to control the power of his starry sea. However, he didnt know the actual techniques, so he simply used the form of the World Extermination Flame Lotus to channel this power.

Five stars, Void Break!

The nine star disciple formed hand seals with both hands, and a string of five beads smashed into Long Chens starry lotus.