Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4627: Setting a Trap

A giant beast let out a roar, but halfway through, a hand with a seven star diagram around it slammed into its head.

That giant beast quivered and then fell to the ground, raising a wave of dust.Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Wow! Long Chen, when did you get so strong? Yu Qingxuan exclaimed in amazement when she saw Long Chen kill this terrifying beast in one attack.

Hehe, this is nothing. When I have a chance, Ill show you some real skill, chortled Long Chen.

Yu Qingxuan was truly stunned by Long Chens attack. This beast had a terrifying aura, and based on the marks in the surroundings, several experts had tried to attack it, but to no avail.

However, Long Chen had easily crushed it, which proved that his power had qualitatively increased again.

Well done!

Even the Earth Cauldron gave him some praise as Long Chens comprehension skill was truly monstrous.

Through his battle with the nine star disciple, not only did he grasp a hint of the mysteries of the nine stars, allowing him to truly start controlling their power, but he could even control it freely after such a short amount of time. Such a level of skill was very rarely seen even in ancient times.

If Long Chen had simply used his astral power to strike the beast, blasting its head apart, the Earth Cauldron wouldnt have been the slightest bit surprised. However, Long Chens method involved only shattering its crystal core, leaving its physical body unharmed. This point left the Earth Cauldron truly amazed.

After all, the fiercer the power, the harder it was to control. The ability to manipulate it down to such details was comparable to an ordinary person wielding a quarter-ton blade with the precision of a fingernail.

However, Long Chen had done so with ease, which signified that he could channel even more power of the nine stars.

Long Chen sent the beasts corpse into the primal chaos space, replenishing the life energy inside. After all, the battle with the nine star disciple had used up an astonishing amount of life energy.

Despite the impressive amount of life energy stored within the Moon Trees and Fusang Trees, Long Chen had depleted a considerable portion during his previous usage, leaving him somewhat dissatisfied. Although there were no signs of them wilting, they did seem a bit listless. The flames around them started to flicker.

Long Chen had planted quite a few new medicinal ingredients in the primal chaos space. As he needed them to grow and multiply, he needed a huge number of corpses to provide them with the necessary life energy.

Long Chen was so careful with the way he killed the beast because he didnt want to blast the beast apart. After all, it would be troublesome to gather the torn body and all the blood.

After taking the natural treasure this beast was guarding, Long Chen didnt leave immediately. Instead, he sank into thought.

Long Chen, what is it? asked Yu Qingxuan curiously.

This place is huge. If I were to gather things like this, it would be too slow. Plus, theres no guarantee I'll even find that fellow. Isnt there a way to kill two birds with one stone? wondered Long Chen, rubbing his chin.

What kind of evil plot are you having now? Yu Qingxuan smiled after seeing his expression. With her understanding of Long Chen, she knew he was thinking of something bad.

Senior, can I discuss something with you? Long Chens gaze suddenly turned to the Earth Cauldron.

What are you thinking of? The Earth Cauldron also understood Long Chen. Seeing his sinister appearance, it got the gist of what he wanted.

At the very same temple Long Chen had previously entered, there was an explosion of divine light. A divine diagram then appeared right above the temple.

The divine diagram shone brightly, its divine light spreading far and wide, visible even from far away. The images on it depicted various precious medicinal ingredients, and they covered the diagram.

Will this really work? asked Yu Qingxuan.

In a hidden space, Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan were watching everything occur. After a while, the Earth Cauldrons voice rang out in Long Chens ear.

Do you really think this is enough to bait him? Its not very dependable!

Hehe, well know the answer in a bit. Even if it doesnt work, it comes at no loss to us. If we cant con him, well take it by force, replied Long Chen with a laugh.

Just then, the disturbance drew people over from all directions, including a certain white-robed man.

This is Lord Brahmas sacred land! Outsiders are strictly forbidden from approaching! Consider this your only warning!

When Long Chen saw the white-robed man appear amongst them, his mouth twisted into a sinister smile.

Countless experts had converged on this place. However, hearing that this place belonged to Lord Brahma, some of them hastily fell back.

Who do you think you are? I saw the treasure first! It belongs to me!

As expected, not everyone retreated. A large, muscular man completely ignored the warning and charged toward the divine diagram.

Ignorant ant, die! the white-robed man snorted. Without forming any hand seals, he somehow conjured countless flame runes in the air, forming a net around the muscular man.

You dare to take out such a worthless net? the muscular man sneered, summoning a giant hatchet in his hand. As he swung it down, the very void seemed to explode, which signified that it was a terrifying divine weapon.

To everyones surprise, the giant hatchet simply exploded on contact with the flame net.

What?!

They were all taken aback. How could a net destroy a divine weapon of this caliber with just a touch?

Not good! Seeing his divine weapon destroyed, the muscular man hastily turned to flee.

However, he was clearly too slow. As the net enveloped him, he shuddered and remained still, lying there in silence.

He managed to control Brahmas power quite quickly. Long Chen narrowed his eyes, sensing Brahmas will imbued within this net. No wonder it could shatter such a powerful divine weapon so easily.

While Long Chen had been undergoing the nine-star trial, this bastard hadn't slacked either. He had absorbed the Brahma barrier, which led to a substantial rise in his power.

As the net passed through the body of the muscular man just like that, the onlookers looked dumbfounded. However, their astonishment quickly turned to horror as the body started to break down, chunks of it falling to the ground.

They hastily retreated, indicating that they had no intention of competing for this treasure.

At the same time, more experts came rushing over from every direction. Sensing a dense medicinal fragrance around them, Long Chen knew that they were medicine slaves. They directly surrounded the divine diagram, preventing anyone else from getting close.

The white-robed man then walked up to the divine diagram and stared at it for a long time, examining it. He suddenly exclaimed, Could this be a hidden reward my master left for me?!

Im not your master. Im your ancestor. Long Chen cursed inside.

The white-robed man stared at it for a long time before a light of comprehension appeared in his eyes. He then tossed out a three-foot-tall, blood-colored daisy. When Long Chen saw it, his heartbeat quickened.