Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4628: Treacherous

However, Long Chens heartbeat quickened not because the blood-colored daisy was precious or anything but because this fellow finally understood Long Chens intentions.

With a wave of his hand, the white-robed man sent the daisy flying gently toward the divine diagram, causing it to land on one of the images on the diagram.

Senior, dont leave any openings! urged Long Chen.

As the daisy gently settled, the image on the diagram blurred momentarily, unveiling a small notch. With seamless precision, the daisy merged into that notch, causing that section of the diagram to brighten.

Among tens of thousands of images on the divine diagram, the majority were all dim, except for the one with the daisy.

Good job! That was perfect! exclaimed Long Chen. He was so excited that he almost clapped.

He really fell for this? Is he stupid? The Earth Cauldron found it hard to believe.

The white-robed man was Lord Brahmas disciple, so he shouldnt be an idiot. How could he fall for this trick?

Hes not stupid. I suspect that Lord Brahma left different rewards in many trial regions. Didnt he just wonder if it was a hidden reward? Two of his three rewards were already taken by me. Hes definitely unhappy with that, so hes been wondering if there are other treasures he can get. Hehe, hes quite greedy! chortled Long Chen.

Little fellow, your race is really the most treacherous among all races. The Earth Cauldron was rather speechless. Long Chen had seen right through this white-robed man.

At this moment, the white-robed man was taking out precious medicinal ingredients one after another and inserting them into the divine diagram like a child putting together a puzzle. As the image on the divine diagram illuminated, the corresponding medicinal ingredient would vanish as if depleted. However, in reality, they all seamlessly transferred into Long Chens pocket.

This is no good. If he keeps this up, all the images will vanish soon, muttered the Earth Cauldron.

The white-robed man swiftly threw in his medicinal ingredients in rapid succession. Once the diagram was filled, the Earth Cauldron had to send him through.

In a short amount of time, the white-robed man managed to illuminate over ten thousand images, and the diagram only had thirty-six thousand images. Once he filled them all, their lie would be laid bare. After all, they couldnt just conjure another divine diagram to mask the first one. There was no way this idiot would fall for that.

Hehe, its fine. Just listen to me, Long Chen laughed and had the Earth Cauldron keep up the images as it did.

After some time, Long Chen couldn't help but admire the depth of the white-robed man's pockets. He proved himself worthy of being Lord Brahma's disciple, as he seemingly produced precious medicinal ingredients endlessly, each one brightening a different image on the diagram.

In less than half a day, he had lit up most of the diagram, leaving just over two thousand spots remaining. Meanwhile, Long Chen had pocketed over thirty thousand medicinal ingredients.

All of those medicinal ingredients were incredibly valuable, and Long Chen had never seen them before. With his collection growing rapidly, his farm was expanding at an unprecedented pace.

Have you not thought of anything? asked the Earth Cauldron. The diagram was almost open. If Long Chen didnt think of anything else, the con would be over soon

However, Long Chen remained confident. A while later, there were only three dark spots left on the diagram.

The white-robed man was overjoyed at this moment, knowing that Lord Brahmas trials sometimes held hidden rewards.

These rewards were determined by a persons luck, opportunity, and power. The white-robed man eagerly anticipated the grand prize, his gaze fixated on the last three spots on the diagram. However, those last three images were incredibly complex. He felt that none of the medicinal ingredients at his disposal was a match for them.

Gritting his teeth, he inserted another medicinal ingredient into the diagram. Yet, despite the diagram quivering in response and the ingredient vanishing, none of the last three images illuminated.

This result baffled him. What is going on? If its not the right medicinal ingredient, it just vanishes?

He had never encountered such a situation before, and he didnt know what he had done wrong.

Seeing his dumbfounded expression, Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan burst into laughter. Yu Qingxuan found the situation so amusing that she even shed a few tears from laughing so hard.

You really are sinister. Now, I am convinced, remarked the Earth Cauldron, rendered speechless by Long Chens shameless act of simply taking the medicinal ingredient without offering any explanation. It had not anticipated such audacity from Long Chen.

The white-robed man gritted his teeth even harder, his frustration mounting as he continued to send medicinal ingredients into the divine diagram, only for them to vanish without any effect.

What the hell is going on?!

He started to get anxious after thousands of precious medicinal ingredients simply vanished into thin air.

Senior, thats about enough, said Long Chen upon seeing that.

As a result, the next medicinal ingredient the white-robed man inserted caused the corresponding image to quiver and light up. Overwhelmed with excitement, he shouted, There are still two more! Im about to succeed. I cant wait to find out what kind of reward my master left me.

He continued to send in more medicinal ingredients, his excitement very evident. However, two hours later, his expression of excitement had transformed into one of frustration and disappointment, resembling that of a donkey.

This time, he lost count of the number of medicinal ingredients he had used. Nearly exhausting his entire supply, he was dismayed to find that the second image showed no reaction whatsoever.

This fellow really is a fat piece of meat!

Long Chen was amazed by how many medicinal ingredients this white-robed man had. Compared to him, Long Chen was like a beggar.

Master, weve just obtained seven more ingredients! Just then, a group of medicine slaves came flying over.

These were what they had just obtained from killing a beast, and the first one they sent into the divine diagram instantly illuminated the second image.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

When that happened, the white-robed mans donkey-like face immediately transformed into a bright smile. He believed only one image remained to be illuminated... or so he thought.

With newfound hope, he sent the remaining six ingredients into the diagram, but to his dismay, it didnt react. Of course it didnt. Long Chen refused to light up the final image no matter what.

The white-robed man suddenly shouted, Friends, do you have any precious medicinal ingredients on hand? You can trade them with me for other ingredients or even pills. I am Divine Venerate Brahmas disciple, Yu Zihao. I swear under the name of my master that I wont let anyone suffer any loss.

The white-robed man directly stated his name and status. Hearing that he was Divine Venerate Brahmas disciple, those experts were all moved.

Everyone, youve seen that this is a hidden reward my master left for me. I urgently need medicinal ingredients to activate the divine diagram. Theres only one last image to light up, and I hope everyone can help me out. I, Yu Zihao, will be endlessly grateful!

The fact that someone as haughty as Yu Zihao said that he would be endlessly grateful, he had to be really in a rush.

As the experts stepped forward to offer their assistance, Yu Zihao smiled in gratitude. Unbeknownst to him, nearby, another individual wore a smile even wider than his own. Of course, this smile was rather sinister.

The Earth Cauldron simply sighed.

What a conman!