Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4631 Brothers In Trouble

Long Chen’s movements were so fast and sudden that there was no dodging it at such a close range. Yu Zihao had never seen such a monstrous speed before.

This was the Star Cloud Steps that Long Chen had learned from the nine star disciple. After the fight, the Earth Cauldron had told him about its name.

This movement art was based on the position of the stars in the sky, and when trained to the pinnacle, the user could step beyond the heavens through the starry sea.

Although Long Chen only had a superficial understanding of this technique and couldn’t move like that nine star disciple, it was enough to catch Yu Zihao off guard.

Seeing Long Chen’s palm coming for him, Yu Zihao had no time to use the Brahma Divine Diagram. His hand seals suddenly changed, and the flame runes around him condensed into seventeen layers of flame shields.

BOOM!

To everyone’s surprise, Long Chen’s palm pierced through all seventeen flame shields and viciously slapped Yu Zihao’s face.

Yu Zihao was smashed into the ground, leaving behind a giant hole in his wake. Horrifying fissures spread beyond the horizon, instilling terror in the spectators who hastily retreated. For them, Yu Zihao’s aura in his strongest state was already formidable enough, but this black-robed man could still crush him.

Moreover, how could Divine Venerate Brahma’s disciple be repeatedly slapped in the face? It was extremely humiliating.

When the Brahma Divine Diagram suddenly quivered, all the spectators looked into the gaping hole. However, to their bewilderment, Yu Zihao had suddenly materialized within the divine diagram, his body convulsing as he spat out a mouthful of blood.

At the same time, the Brahma Divine Diagram quivered, and an enormous hand emerged from within the diagram. It bore little resemblance to a human hand with all the feelers coming out of it. Its mere presence caused the surrounding void to collapse, marking it as a truly terrifying entity.

Seeing this scene, Long Chen refused to retreat. Instead, he condensed two stars within his hands and charged over.

“Two stars, Flying Rainbow!”

Long Chen was as tiny as an ant in front of that enormous hand, but the moment his palms collided with the hand, the latter shockingly exploded.

The backlash of the explosion inflicted further injuries upon Yu Zihao, causing him to spit out more blood and cracks to appear on the Brahma Divine Diagram. Finally, a sense of fear gripped Yu Zihao as he realized the gravity of the situation.

The Brahma Divine Diagram quivered, and just as it was about to break through space to flee, Long Chen grabbed it.

“I’ll tear apart your broken little diagram!” Long Chen shouted, stars appearing on his arms. After all, Yu Zihao was still within the diagram. Long Chen wouldn’t be able to directly attack him without destroying the diagram first.

Just as Long Chen was about to crush the diagram, the divine statue behind Yu Zihao blazed with light. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

BOOM!

A ferocious force knocked aside Long Chen’s hands and even sent him flying. He almost spat out blood.

Long Chen furiously roared, “Even if you have Lord Brahma’s power protecting you, I’ll still shatter your tortoise shell!”

Long Chen was about to summon his Seven Star Battle Armor, but the Brahma Divine Diagram wasted no time. It transformed into a streak of light and vanished across the horizon as soon as it knocked Long Chen’s hands away.

“Stop right there! If you’re not a gutless coward, stay and fight till the end!” shouted Long Chen. He had not expected this fellow to simply run like this.

“Just you wait! Once I pass my tribulation and merge with the Brahma Divine Diagram, you’ll definitely be dead!” Yu Zihao’s venomous howl rang out from the distance.

Long Chen tried to chase him, but he was still a step too slow. The divine diagram had merged into heaven and earth, vanishing without a trace.

Seeing this scene, the surrounding experts hastily fled. They had done business with Yu Zihao, so they were afraid of Long Chen taking his anger out on them.

“Wow, Long Chen, you really got stronger!” When Yu Qingxuan and the Earth Cauldron emerged from their hiding spot, Yu Qingxuan stared at him worshipfully, causing Long Chen to blush a little.

This time, Long Chen had been testing his newfound strength. His Nirvana Scripture successfully countered Yu Zihao’s oppressive aura, and with the addition of the power from the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art, he swiftly overwhelmed Yu Zihao. The ease with which he emerged victorious left Long Chen feeling truly invigorated.

“That’s right. Senior, why did this fellow suddenly run? He should still have the power to fight, right?” asked Long Chen. He didn’t feel that this fellow should be so weak, so why did he flee?

The Earth Cauldron said, “Every Lord Brahma’s disciple has a Brahma Divine Diagram, and it can grow with them. But once the diagrams grow to a certain extent, they need Brahma power to activate them. The Brahma barrier inside the temple is precisely what Yu Zihao used to activate the Brahma Divine Diagram. At first, the Brahma Divine Diagram is rather weak. While Yu Zihao managed to activate it, he was too careless. Your astral power managed to injure it, damaging its core energy. Yu Zihao didn’t want to keep fighting you because of that. Although he has a powerful manifestation to rely on, he didn’t want to risk further damage to the Brahma Divine Diagram. After all, repairing it will require him to use his core energy. The diagram is something Lord Brahma bestowed upon him. If it is destroyed, he will lose his access to Lord Brahma’s faith energy, essentially losing his status as a disciple of Lord Brahma. That would be the worst-case scenario for him.”

“There’s such a thing?” Long Chen was surprised. It was his first time hearing of such a thing.

“He is one of Lord Brahma’s three thousand disciples, and that number will never change. Countless of his believers are waiting for their chance. Some even sealed themselves until someone lost their Brahma Divine Diagram so that they could fight for this new opening. If Yu Zihao loses his divine diagram, countless heavenly geniuses will fight for his spot. Furthermore, if he loses his status, he will lose everything he cares about. That’s why by damaging the divine diagram, you made him flee and hide until he repairs it,” explained the Earth cauldron.

“But he said that he’s going to merge with it after undergoing his tribulation. It seems that he’ll completely transform by that time,” stated Yu Qingxuan.

“That’s not something to worry about. He’ll undergo tribulation, but so will I. Next time, I definitely won’t give him any chance to flee,” said Long Chen confidently.

He was full of confidence now, and it stemmed from the surging power coming out of him.

“Let’s go!”

“Go where?” asked Yu Qingxuan.

“To gather with our brothers.”

...

BOOM!

Several days later, there was an explosive sound as the Earth Cauldron blasted through the wall between worlds. Now, Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan were in the Void Spirit World. However, the moment they arrived, their jade plates started to rapidly blink.

“Not good! They’re in danger!” Long Chen’s expression completely changed.