Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4633 Flame Evil Spirits

“Soulsearch!”

After piercing the Celestial race’s expert in the head, Long Chen channeled his Spiritual Strength and conducted a brutal soulsearch.

As expected, the Celestial expert’s Yuan Spirit couldn’t handle it and exploded. Amidst the explosion, Long Chen’s Spiritual Strength forcefully delved into his memories. Despite the soul’s defensive barriers protecting his memories, Long Chen managed to see some images.

This group of the Celestial race had actually gathered countless experts to attack the Dragonblood Legion, ultimately forcing them into the fiendish gate.

Once they had driven the Dragonblood Legion into the gate, the Celestial race's main forces withdrew, leaving behind these few thousand individuals to clean up the battlefield.

“DIE!” Long Chen shouted furiously, his flame lotus growing in his hand. In the end, the Celestial experts didn’t even have the ability to flee, as the flame lotus had devoured and incinerated them out of existence.

After comprehending the seventh volume of the Nirvana Scripture, Long Chen could unleash his World Extermination Flame Lotus almost instantaneously.

“Let’s go!”

After wiping out this squad of the Celestial race, Long Chen pulled Yu Qingxuan toward the terrifying spatial gate.

Once they got close, a brutal suction force devoured the two of them. When they got inside, they felt a terrifying heat and a sinister aura that tightened Long Chen’s soul.

“That’s the aura of the Yan Xu Flame!”

Both Long Chen and Yu Qingxuan cried out at the same time, sensing the Yan Xu Flame’s aura.

Just then, explosive sounds reverberated within the darkness, accompanied by bursts of flames. Through the light from the flames, Long Chen saw that this place was filled with criss-crossing passageways.

“Senior, please help me out!”

Long Chen helplessly took out the Earth Cauldron.

BOOM!

The Earth Cauldron blasted through the walls of this place, creating a straight path through this maze. Long Chen kept a hold of the Earth Cauldron and headed in the direction that the Earth Cauldron indicated.

These tough walls were as weak as tofu in front of the Earth Cauldron, so they quickly made progress, blasting through the walls. Just as they broke through the last wall, they saw countless lifeforms with black flames around them charging down one passageway.

“Boss!”

When Long Chen appeared, Guo Ran cried out in relief from the other side of the passageway.

Seeing this scene, Long Chen charged right over. The Dragonblood Legion had been forced down a dead end and were fighting off these lifeforms.

These creatures had black bodies resembling apes, devoid of any eyes. Their heads only had a giant mouth filled with sharp teeth, which they fervently used to gnaw at Xia Chen’s protective barrier. Their peculiar ability allowed them to inflict damage upon the barrier with each bite, causing it to darken with each assault. It seemed unlikely that the barrier could withstand their relentless assault for much longer.

Before, whenever the barrier was on the verge of collapse, Xia Chen would hastily erect another one, turning this into a battle of attrition.

“World Extermination Flame Lotus!” Long Chen’s arrival immediately turned the tide.

A giant flame lotus exploded amongst those strange lifeforms and sent them flying. However, Long Chen was startled to find that they weren’t dead.

“They’re Flame Evil Spirits. They can’t be killed in this place,” warned the Earth Cauldron.

“Heavenly Rainbow Shield!”

Yu Qingxuan waved her hand upon seeing those lifeforms charging back, summoning a seven-colored shield to materialize between them. The Flame Evil Spirits lunged at Yu Qingxuan’s shield, sinking their teeth into it. In response, Yu Qingxuan used some hand seals and recited a scripture, causing the shield to tremble and hurl the creatures away.

Despite being repelled, the creatures persisted in their assault, returning with undiminished ferocity. They charged at her barrier like a tsunami. However, with Yu Qingxuan’s Nirvana Scripture, she could keep them at bay for the time being.

“Boss, you came...”

“Guo Ran!”

Long Chen jumped forward and caught the collapsing Guo Ran. Blood coated his body, and his armor lay in tatters, nearly destroyed. Fortunately, he had no fatal wounds, and he only collapsed due to weariness.

Long Chen looked at the others. Gu Yang, Li Qi, and Song Mingyuan were also drenched in blood, their energies depleted from overexertion. As for Yue Zifeng, he was incredibly pale and was already unconscious.

“Zifeng!”

Long Chen was shocked and hastily checked on Yue Zifeng. The latter’s face was pale as paper, and his spiritual fluctuations were also extremely weak, a sign that he had severely overdrafted himself. That was extremely dangerous to a sword cultivator.

Long Chen hastily fed Yue Zifeng a pill and used his own Spiritual Strength to slowly nourish Yue Zifeng’s soul. He knew that if Yue Zifeng’s soul became overly depleted, it could lead to the degeneration of his Spirit Root, an outcome Long Chen couldn't allow for his friend. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Boss, it was our own powerlessness. We implicated Yue Zifeng,” said Gu Yang, ashamed.

“If it weren’t for Yue Zifeng, we would have been doomed. That damn Celestial race, I’m definitely going to destroy them one day!” swore Li Qi.

“What happened?”

With Yu Qingxuan blocking the entrance, the Flame Evil Spirits were temporarily unable to harm them. Long Chen wanted to know the root of the problem.

“Sorry. We were the ones to implicate you.”

At this moment, a shy voice rang out, and hundreds of slender women emerged from the rear, wearing emerald dresses and holding wooden bows on their backs.

“What are you talking about? We are your allies, and this was due to our own uselessness. We were unable to protect all of you. Over a thousand of you... ugh.” Gu Yang clenched his teeth, his words trailing off in pain and regret.

“No, it was our fault. You only fell for the Celestial race’s trap because you saved us.”

That woman of the Spirit race was quivering, sobbing occasionally. In this battle, she had personally witnessed her people die horribly. While the Dragonblood Legion had saved them, that also caused them their current crisis. Hence, she was full of sorrow and guilt.

“Miss, don’t blame yourself. The Spirit race is our closest ally. Whether it is in the mortal world or the immortal world, the Spirit race has helped us countless times. Protecting you in turn is naturally our duty. Tell me what happened from the start.”

Long Chen looked at Gu Yang. After that, the story that Gu Yang told Long Chen ignited his fury.