Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4635 Yan Xu Divine Lotus

When Long Chen first stepped into this world, an unusual aura brushed against his senses. Yet, driven by the urgency to save his people, he chose to ignore it. However, as Long Chen focused on it now, he could sense an enormous black lotus in the distance, its presence as daunting as the black lake in front of it.

Surrounding the black lotus were flickering black flames. When Long Chen saw it, the name “Yan Xu Flame” came to his mind. He had not expected to see the strongest flame within the nine heavens and ten lands here.

When the channel to the ninth heaven first opened, a flame lotus formed of the Yan Xu Flame had materialized, bearing a striking resemblance to this black lotus.

The only difference was that the aura of the flame lotus from back then had shaken heaven and earth, while this black lotus was fully reserved as if it was in slumber.

“Big Brother Long Chen...”

Huo Linger also came out as she detected the presence of the Yan Xu Flame.

“Senior, where is this?” asked Long Chen. “And what is up with this Yan Xu Flame? Why is its core energy even purer than that of Yan Hong and the others?”

Yan Hong was Yan Xu’s son, so according to reason, he embodied the purest Yan Xu Flame. However, this black lotus gave Long Chen an even deeper and more terrifying feeling.

In comparison to this black lotus’s energy, Yan Hong’s energy was like diluted ink. There was an immense difference between them.

“It is the Yan Xu Divine Lotus. In truth, the entire Yan Xu line descended from the Yan Xu Divine Lotus. This is their ancestor,” answered the Earth Cauldron.

“What?!”

Long Chen was stunned by this explanation. This black lotus was the origin of the Yan Xu Flame?

“While the Yan Xu Divine Lotus is the ancestor of the Yan Xu line, it possesses no intelligence. It is a pure but sinister flame. Those Flame Evil Spirits are its companions, and they attack anyone who enters this Yan Xu World, their power practically limitless here. As long as this Yan Xu Divine Lotus does not die, they cannot be killed. However, within the Yan Xu World, the Yan Xu Divine Lotus is eternal. As long as this world exists, so will it. In other words, if you want to destroy the Yan Xu Divine Lotus, you must destroy this world as well. Destroying a world that has lived for millions and millions of years and possesses its own unique laws is as difficult as ascending the heavens,” explained the Earth Cauldron.

Killing these Flame Evil Spirits required destroying the Yan Xu Divine Lotus. However, he had to crush this entire world first before he could do anything to it.

The Yan Xu Divine Lotus’s aura was absolutely terrifying, many times more intense than that of a Sage King. Long Chen felt tiny in front of it, and he had no idea how he could possibly destroy it.

As for destroying this world? He might as well be dreaming. He might be able to do that in his dreams.

“Senior, are you saying that we won’t be able to escape?” asked Long Chen worriedly.

“It’s not that bad. As long as I am here, I can bring all of you out whenever. I’m only saying this to let you relax a bit,” replied the Earth Cauldron.

“Relax a bit?” Long Chen was baffled but quickly understood.

It was telling him not to be so crazy. That was because he and Huo Linger had both thought of an extremely audacious idea just now. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After acknowledging him as master, the Earth Cauldron was aware of all of Long Chen’s thoughts. That was why it wanted Long Chen to be mentally prepared.

“Big Brother, we don’t have to force it...” Huo Linger also knew now just how terrifying the Yan Xu Divine Lotus was. She didn’t want Long Chen to take the risk.

“Why not? That’s the Yan Xu Flame, the strongest flame within the nine heavens and ten lands! Even if we can’t destroy it, we have to rip a chunk of its flesh out.”

Long Chen’s principle was simple: As long as there was the slightest chance of obtaining a treasure, he would go for it no matter what. Even the Earth Cauldron’s warning was unable to make him skip this opportunity.

The Earth Cauldron only gave him this warning because he understood Long Chen’s character. He would definitely want to devour this Yan Xu Divine Lotus for himself, but it didn’t want Long Chen to waste the effort.

While the Dragonblood warriors were recovering, Long Chen came to Yu Qingxuan’s side and found her smiling serenely at him, which signaled her well-being.

Having comprehended the Nirvana Scripture, Yu Qingxuan wielded a boundless source of flame energy. Even the endless Flame Evil Spirits were unable to break through her defenses.

After hearing the Nirvana Scripture in the temple, Long Chen, Yu Qingxuan, and Huo Linger had indeed grown much stronger.

“Boss!”

Yue Zifeng woke up, his gaze meeting Long Chen’s with a tinge of embarrassment. “I’m sorry. I was powerless. Without you here, I was unable to be the pillar holding up the Dragonblood Legion.”

Long Chen couldn’t help but smile and say, “What are you talking about? When have I ever been the sole pillar of the Dragonblood Legion? Even if someone could do that, what would be the point? We’re all brothers. If I had been by your side, such a situation would never have occurred.”

Long Chen gave Yue Zifeng a pat on his shoulder, knowing that this proud brother of his had faced a major setback.

“Boss, I lost. I lost in a one-against-one,” said Yue Zifeng, clenching his teeth.

“Who was your opponent?” asked Long Chen.

“The Celestial race’s junior leader, Luo Changsheng.”

“Tch, are they stupid? Do they not know people named Changsheng[1] never have long lives?” scoffed Long Chen.

Amongst cultivators, anyone named Changsheng never had a good end. This name was taboo. Perhaps it wasn’t a problem for normal people, but cultivators couldn’t use this name.

Drawing from his extensive experience, Long Chen had encountered and killed several heavenly geniuses bearing the ill-fated moniker Changsheng. However, people just kept using this unlucky name.

“Don’t underestimate him because of his name. He really is powerful. The Celestial race has a unique manifestation that allows them to reach the realm of becoming one with the heavens. When I fought him, he actually used the will of the Heavenly Daos to suppress the will of my Sword Dao. It’s something that has never happened before in my life,” warned Yue Zifeng.

“No, the issue lay in the change of your mental realm, which provided him with the opportunity. Otherwise, mark my words, no one in this world—and I mean no one—can suppress the will of your Sword Dao. Tell me, did that person say a lot of hateful things before the fight?” asked Long Chen.

Yue Zifeng was taken aback, but the realization dawned upon him swiftly. He practically prostrated himself before Long Chen. Now, he understood why the will of his Sword Dao had been suppressed.

“Boss, you really live up to your title! I’m still too young and immature.” sighed Yue Zifeng.

“At your age, acting like you are young and immature is disgraceful, you know?” reminded Long Chen.

The two shared a meaningful glance before breaking into laughter. With this exchange, the knot in Yue Zifeng’s heart melted away.

Long Chen understood Yue Zifeng well. Within the entire Dragonblood Legion, the only person who could defeat him was Yue Zifeng.

Some formidable figures might be able to overpower Yue Zifeng, but Long Chen adamantly refused to believe that anyone from their generation could suppress his Sword Dao will. After all, he couldn't do so himself.

Under Long Chen’s pointer, Yue Zifeng found renewed vigor. In his battle against Luo Changsheng, the weight of the Dragonblood Legion’s fate had burdened him. The disdainful behavior of the Celestial race only added to the pressure, causing his mental state to falter, ultimately resulting in his defeat.

With Long Chen by his side now, he could just toss all those concerns away and fight freely. He wished he could fight Luo Changsheng right now.

Three days later, with the Dragonblood Legion fully recovered, Long Chen urged everyone not to move from this region, as he and Huo Linger flew off alone.

1. 长生 Changsheng means long life. ?