Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 4651 Immemorial Tribulation

Going against the flow of lightning, the Dragonblood Legion flew into the heart of the tribulation clouds like madmen. They unleashed their Sword Qi, slashing through the dense clouds with unparalleled ferocity, leaving behind a trail of gaping holes.

The experts observing from afar were left speechless, their expressions a mixture of shock and awe. They had never seen such a scene before.

“Are they crazy?”

The Dragonblood warriors appeared as if they wanted to blast the tribulation clouds apart. Their relentless attacks drove the lightning to rage even fiercer. The world then quivered, calling even more tribulation clouds to join the fray.

“Bastards, don’t drag us down if you want to die so badly!” The surrounding experts bitterly cursed them. These individuals had their tribulation clouds forcibly redirected, leaving them with no choice but to follow them here. Otherwise, they would never advance to the Divine Venerate realm.

Typically, a heavenly tribulation’s power increased gradually, allowing cultivators time to strengthen themselves for the final ordeal. However, the Dragonblood warriors were pushing their tribulation clouds into a berserk state, risking their lives by attempting to absorb the full brunt of the heavenly tribulation’s power.

As the experts approached the border, they felt as though they were standing on the edge of a bottomless abyss, teetering on thin ice. They were fearful that one wrong move would result in the tribulation blasting them out of existence.

BOOM!

Suddenly, heaven and earth quivered as the tribulation clouds erupted with five-colored divine light, sending the Dragonblood warriors crashing into the ground. The heavenly tribulation resembled an enraged dragon, violently shaking as lightning beasts descended upon the Dragonblood warriors.

Every single one of those lightning beasts was as massive as a mountain, taking the form of phoenixes, dragons, black tortoises, divine tigers, and many other beasts that people had never seen before, all emanating powerful auras.

They crashed down upon the Dragonblood Legion, filled with the aura of annihilation from the Heavenly Daos.

BOOM!

A Dragonblood warrior’s sword struck the head of one of these beasts. While the beast exploded, to everyone’s surprise, the Dragonblood warrior’s sword exploded as well.

“What?”

The Dragonblood warrior was shocked and so was Guo Ran. As he had personally forged that weapon, he knew just how strong it was. It was destroyed by one of these beasts? Then just how strong were these beasts?

This was only the first wave of beasts. If the beasts were this strong, how would they deal with the rest?

“This is an immemorial heavenly tribulation, and it contains the immemorial era’s will of annihilation. The Heavenly Daos reject any weapons except peak divine weapons. Nothing else can endure that will of annihilation. Use your fists instead!” warned Long Chen.

In truth, Long Chen had no idea what immemorial tribulation was, as he just repeated what the Earth Cauldron told him. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

In the immemorial era, heavenly tribulation was a fair trial. Resorting to weapons was deemed unfair, leading to their destruction upon use. An ordinary weapon would be unable to endure it.

Heeding this warning, the Dragonblood warriors put away their weapons and confronted the lightning beasts unarmed, only to find themselves astonished.

These lightning beasts were embodiments of thunderforce concentrated to the very pinnacle. Their sharp claws tore through the air, delivering blows akin to being struck by giant hammers, leaving them dazed.

As a result, Bai Shishi and Bai Xiaole were in a predicament. Bai Shishi was worried about damaging her weapon, so she summoned her metal energy to fight.

Meanwhile, Bai Xiaole’s pupil arts proved ineffective against the lightning beasts, forcing him into a frantic retreat.

On the other hand, Yue Zifeng remained unfazed. His sword continued to dance through the air, cutting down the lightning beasts into lightning runes.

“Quickly gather the thunderforce! Get accustomed to the will and laws of the Heavenly Daos! Otherwise, it will be difficult to deal with the later stages!” reminded Long Chen.

The Dragonblood warriors understood this principle. But if they couldn’t destroy those lightning beasts, they couldn’t absorb their thunderforce.

As a result of this, they had to shamelessly run over to Yue Zifeng’s side and absorb the lightning runes of the beasts he killed.

“Xiaole, don’t just run around! Those lightning beasts are composed of the will of heaven and earth. First, you have to have the confidence to fight against the world! Otherwise, you won’t be able to unleash your power! One day, you will encounter a terrifying opponent, and if you cannot muster the will to fight, you will simply be slaughtered!” shouted Long Chen upon seeing Bai Xiaole running around and dodging the lightning beasts.

Bai Xiaole was different from the others as he cultivated pupil arts. Fighting these lightning beasts was like fighting the will of the Heavenly Daos. It was like he was staring straight at the Heavenly Daos, and without a strong enough will, he wouldn’t be able to bear it.

Having never encountered such tribulations before, Bai Xiaole lacked the willpower to face it. However, the path of cultivation was just that cruel. If he wanted to walk this path, he had to go forward no matter what.

If someone else were to advise Bai Xiaole, it wouldn’t work. However, the one speaking was Long Chen, a god-like existence in Bai Xiaole’s heart. Despite his lack of confidence in himself, Bai Xiaole had harbored unwavering trust in Long Chen’s guidance.

As Long Chen wanted him to face the heavenly tribulation, he cast aside his fear and formed swift hand seals, using his pupil arts to fight back.

Yet, overcoming fear wasn’t an instantaneous feat; it required a gradual process. First, Bai Xiaole would start with defense, and only once he felt safe would he start attacking.

After a brief flustered moment, the Dragonblood Legion started their counterattack. After they absorbed some of the lightning runes, their dragon blood power slowly awakened, and they fought back against the will of the Heavenly Daos.

BOOM!

The first one to erupt was Gu Yang. With a roar, dragon scales appeared on his fist as he blasted apart a lightning beast.

They now realized that this heavenly tribulation was different from their past tribulations, as it contained the power of laws and could only be countered with a similar kind of power. Brute force wasn’t that useful here.

These so-called laws were similar to the rules of a game. If they didn’t follow the rules, they could only forfeit.

Of course, some existences could bend or even break the rules, for example, Yue Zifeng. However, the others couldn’t do this.

The Dragonblood warriors fought the lightning beasts with all their power. As they fought with unwavering determination, cracking sounds resonated from their bodies, and scales started to spontaneously appear all over them.

“What’s going on?”

Seeing this scene, Guo Ran and the others were baffled.