Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4688 Despicable

Luo Changsheng led the charge against the Dragonblood Legion, and the others chose to follow him when they saw that they couldn’t touch Long Chen yet.

“Everyone else, get out of the way!” Luo Changsheng shouted. As his saber sliced through the air, the nine silver rings on it quivered, producing a sound that shook the nine heavens and disrupted everyone’s concentration.

After the tribulation, Luo Changsheng could draw out even more power from his divine weapon. However, just as his saber descended with overwhelming power, a surge of Sword Qi filled the sky.

“A defeated general dares to challenge me again?” Luo Changsheng’s lip curled up in contempt. He had long since expected Yue Zifeng to attack him, so he had launched this slash to bait Yue Zifeng into targeting him.

BOOM! Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The saber and sword collided, and the impact shook the nine rings intensely, causing the very void to flicker. This exchange gave people a feeling of being lost inside spacetime.

Luo Changsheng suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood as a sharp pain struck his soul, causing his expression to darken in surprise.

This was his second time fighting Yue Zifeng, and he was familiar with Yue Zifeng’s ability, having blocked his moves before. He also knew that in terms of brute force, he was above Yue Zifeng.

However, now that they were in the Divine Venerate realm, the same attack from Yue Zifeng managed to injure him. Moreover, it wasn’t merely a physical wound but also a grievous blow to his soul.

Luo Changsheng couldn’t believe it. Although he had just advanced to the Divine Venerate realm, while Yue Zifeng had stabilized his realm, the crux of the matter lay elsewhere. This last assault transcended cultivation levels; it was a manifestation of the pure essence of the Sword Dao

Luo Changsheng struggled to comprehend how someone he had already beaten could undergo such a transformation, reaching an unbelievable realm in the Sword Dao. According to conventional wisdom, Yue Zifeng should have succumbed to his heart-devil, unable to fight Luo Changsheng properly.

“The heavens haven’t let me down. You actually didn’t perish in boss’s hands. Then let me end you myself!” With his left hand in a sword seal, Yue Zifeng swung his sword down.

This sword cleaved through heaven and earth, following its target to the heavens or hell until it made the ten thousand Daos submit.

As Yue Zifeng’s sword vanished upon its strike, Luo Changsheng felt a surge of terror, as he knew he couldn’t block or dodge it.

The golden bone claw above his head suddenly expanded and wrapped itself around him.

The next moment, explosive sounds rang out, and countless cracks appeared on top of the golden bone claw, as if millions of sharp swords had struck it at once.

These concentrated attacks came from every direction. Fortunately, Luo Changsheng was smart enough to directly hide like a tortoise rather than caring about his face. That was the only thing that saved his life.

The golden bone claw’s origins were shocking. While it was now covered in cuts, it still stood strong and could slowly mend itself.

However, inside of it, Luo Changsheng was covered in cold sweat. If he had used any other technique to block Yue Zifeng’s move, he would have been cut into a million pieces.

Yue Zifeng sheathed his sword. Facing Luo Changsheng who had summoned his absolute defense, he didn’t panic at all. As he tightly clenched his sword hilt, a sharp and domineering sword will rose like a volcano that was about to erupt

Even those who didn’t understand the Sword Dao knew that Yue Zifeng was preparing a big move to crush the golden claw. Just as Yue Zifeng started storing up power, his expression suddenly changed. Before he could finish accumulating power, he turned and swung his sword behind him.

At this time, a group of heavenly geniuses had just finished their tribulations and charged straight for the Dragonblood Legion. Just as they were about to attack, Yue Zifeng’s Sword Qi slashed down, enveloping all of them.

Just like that, over ten heavenly geniuses were directly annihilated along with their Saint weapons.

“What?!”

Everyone was shocked. Yue Zifeng had not been fighting during this clash, leaving others to gauge his prowess solely from the conversations of Long Chen and Luo Changsheng.

Thus, while they knew that Yue Zifeng was very strong, he had lost to Luo Changsheng, so none of them viewed him as some existence beyond all of them.

However, with this one blow, Yue Zifeng effortlessly dispatched ten of the peak heavenly geniuses here. Other than the Warrior of the Starry Sky from before, who else in this world was capable of such a thing?

“Celestial Wild Slash!”

Just as everyone was stunned speechless, a furious roar rang out. The golden bone claw, now forced open, ejected Luo Changsheng with formidable force.

As Luo Changsheng soared through the air, his saber cleaved through space, releasing a barrage of attacks in rapid succession.

“Zifeng, watch out!” Guo Ran's voice rang out, filled with urgency. He keenly observed Luo Changsheng's treacherous tactics. As Yue Zifeng used this blow to relieve the pressure on the Dragonblood Legion, Luo Changsheng immediately launched a fierce assault to force Yue Zifeng to defend, giving him no chance to counterattack.

His goal was not to kill or injure Yue Zifeng but only to force him onto the defensive.

Everyone knew that sword cultivators were unrivaled in offense, but they couldn’t maintain that offensive prowess for long. As Yue Zifeng had exhausted a huge amount of energy in his last attack, if he were to withstand this torrent of attacks, his energy reserve would be running low soon. Then Luo Changsheng would have a chance to take his life.

“You should worry about yourself instead!” shouted someone toward Guo Ran.

Just then, a white bone horse pulling a bronze chariot charged toward the Dragonblood Legion.