Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4711 Sudden Attack

More and more experts came to pay a visit to the High Firmament Academy. Having learned their lesson, those people were not so arrogant. They all handed over their name cards and gifts, following the academy’s rules.

However, Long Chen couldn’t be bothered with them, so he delegated the task of handling them to Bai Xiaole. One reason was that Long Chen didn’t have the time, while another reason was for Bai Xiaole to grow some guts.

Long Chen told Little Nine to treat these people the same way they treated the academy. If they were humble and polite, they would be treated humbly and politely. If they were arrogant, Little Nine could slap them in the face since their parents forgot to teach them how to act in public.

Hearing that, Little Nine acted as if it had just received an imperial edict. It spent all day looking after those arrogant people, and it did find quite a few of those arrogant people. They quickly became docile under Little Nine’s beatings.

Due to this, Little Nine didn’t have the time to absorb the Heavenly Doyen Pill. However, the two of them were in no rush. After all, these people were just weak Heavenly Doyens, not enough to threaten them

However, as more time passed and more people arrived, they started to see some stronger nine star Heavenly Doyens whom Bai Xiaole and Little Nine weren’t quite able to suppress.

One particular nine star Heavenly Doyen was so arrogant that he directly shouted for everyone in the academy to gather so he could pick some good seedlings to bring back to the Sovereign Emperor Heaven.

Little Nine and Bai Xiaole fought him. But after hundreds of exchanges, they were actually the ones to lose. Bai Xiaole coughed up blood, and a section of the hall crumbled under the pressure.

In the end, Long Chen intervened, reducing the nine star Heavenly Doyen to nothing more than a rag to wipe away the bloodstains from the damaged hall. Long Chen then ordered him to repair the hall. If he didn’t do well, he’d be beaten eight times per day.

This nine star Heavenly Doyen was a powerful demonic beast, but after being beaten like this, he somehow didn’t get angry. Even though he was strong, he could only be considered average when compared to the Heavenly Doyens in Long Chen’s tribulation. The only reason he could defeat Bai Xiaole and Little Nine was because his divine ability just so happened to perfectly counter their pupil arts, rendering them unable to effectively target him.

However, against Long Chen, he couldn’t retaliate at all. Since he had previously shown no intention of killing Bai Xiaole and Little Nine, Long Chen also didn’t intend to kill him. After beating him, Long Chen tossed him into the hall to get to work.

This fellow begged Long Chen to let him off, saying that he would pay them any money as compensation for the damage, but Long Chen rejected his proposal as this was not a matter of money. If he wanted to act arrogant, then the rest of them wanted to see a nine star Heavenly Doyen act as a mason.

Thereafter, all the experts who visited the High Firmament Academy were treated to the sight of a dejected nine star Heavenly Doyen practically crying as he repaired the hall brick by brick, tile by tile. The craftsmen of the academy were sitting to the side, giving him directions.

After seeing that, the visitors were all much more obedient. Even nine star Heavenly Doyens didn’t dare to act arrogantly when they saw this pitiful scene. It seemed that they didn’t want to learn masonry.

After asking this nine star Heavenly Doyen, Long Chen learned that he wasn’t doing very well in the Sovereign Emperor Heaven. His family had two nine star Heavenly Doyens, but they didn’t favor him. They were very biased toward the other one, giving him the majority of their resources.

As a result, this expert had a falling out with his family, and in his temper, he actually charged into the sea of broken stars. But once he was inside, his head cooled off.

Within the sea of broken stars lurked terrifying monsters, each threatening to devour him at every turn. Despite numerous close calls, the thought of the injustices he suffered at the hands of his family fueled his determination, compelling him to press onward.

Once he was through, he decided to create his own faction, vowing to return to his family and exact vengeance

Upon getting to this side, he asked about the most ancient faction on this side, and someone kindly directed him to the High Firmament Academy, helping him embark on his journey to become... a glorious mason.

According to what he said, the monsters within the sea of broken stars slowly moved away. As for where they were going, he didn’t know.

As a result, the peril of the crossing gradually lessened with each passing moment. The reason he had managed to get through alive was due to this lower danger level.

Long Chen estimated that even more people would soon follow suit. After all, every faction within the Sovereign Emperor Heaven sought to bolster their ranks with new recruits.

However, Long Chen paid little heed to these developments. The High Firmament Academy remained steadfast to its original principles. Its students were free to come and go. Those who wanted to stay could not be forced to leave, and those who wanted to leave would not be stopped from leaving.

This information was passed to every disciple in the academy. To the surprise of the foreign experts, the sight of people flocking to them and crying to join them never appeared.

On the surface, while they came for the people of their own race here, in truth, they were hoping to recruit more disciples beyond that. They came to the academy to announce that they were recruiting, but of course they couldn’t say that out loud.

In any case, the academy’s disciples didn’t seem too enthusiastic. While their interest was piqued when the newcomers introduced the Sovereign Emperor Heaven, after hearing their recruitment pitch, the academy’s disciples shook their heads, saying that they would go back and think about it.

However, they never returned. Only some factions managed to call over the people of their own race.

When questioned about the enticing conditions offered by the newcomers, the academy's disciples affirmed their appeal. However, they explained that they wouldn’t leave the High Firmament Academy as long as Long Chen remained here.

Their reasoning was simple: with Long Chen at the helm, the future of the High Firmament Academy was full of limitless possibilities. In any case, the High Firmament Academy was going to enter the Sovereign Emperor Heaven later for sure. Why would they need to rely on someone else?

This answer left these people dumbfounded. Hence, some of them directly abandoned this place and left, trying to get a foothold in some other place.

The walls of the High Firmament Academy were too thick for them to breach. Rather than wasting time here, they thought it would be better to test their luck somewhere else.

The entire world quickly started to grow chaotic. With the ninth heaven opening, countless factions were trying to find a backer in that world. Some sects and families had directly become subordinates to certain factions, waiting for the gate to open before all of them moved into the Sovereign Emperor Heaven. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Although they all knew that the Sovereign Emperor Heaven was full of danger, they weren’t afraid. They only feared not having enough resources to grow, so they would risk their lives to get stronger.

The recruiters had brought many of the Sovereign Emperor Heaven’s unique treasures to entice the people of this world. That drove many people crazy.

During this time, a hazy cloud floated over to the Dragonblood Legion. Long Chen was in seclusion, studying the techniques of the Nine Star Hegemon Body Art when a certain fluctuation startled him awake.

“The Lifehunter race!” Long Chen’s expression changed. He rushed out of seclusion, and just as he charged out, he saw another figure come flying out.

“Boss, you take the left! I’ll take the right!”

It was Yue Zifeng. Long Chen nodded, and both of them instantly vanished.