Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4754 Sage King Devil Creatures

Six razor-sharp fingers resembling blades emitted a piercing whistle as they descended, coming from a bizarre monster standing hundreds of meters tall and covered in scales.

The scales and appearance of this creature resembled those of a crocodile, yet it had two arms and four legs. Its perfectly round head featured saw-like fangs that threatened to split its own skull in two when its jaws parted.

Numerous similar creatures loomed ahead, their teeth still dripping with flesh and blood. Their auras exuded a savage ferocity, filled with primal chaos qi. Long Chen felt that this claw had enough power to split the land apart.

However, he didn’t need to mind it, as a Dragonblood warrior swiftly drew his sword and intercepted the descending claw with a fierce slash.

The claw was instantly cut off, causing the creature to roar in fury. However, that Dragonblood warrior was also surprised.

This sword was Guo Ran’s recently forged masterpiece, so sharp it could slice a lightly falling feather with ease. Even the toughest metals yielded to its edge like mere mud. Hence, this Dragonblood warrior had thought that this attack would sever this creature in two, but unexpectedly, upon striking its bones, the sword was deflected from its intended path and could only cut its arm.

Despite losing a limb, the creature showed no signs of fear. Instead, it became even more frenzied. Stepping back, it opened its maw, from which a fiery sphere rapidly condensed.

The sphere shot forward like a sharp sword. In that critical moment, Guo Ran suddenly appeared in front of the others, using his own body as a shield to block the attack.

BOOM!

With an explosive sound, the sphere exploded on Guo Ran’s three-fold dragon armor, causing him to tremble ever so slightly.

“Boss, it’s a bit powerful!” Guo Ran’s expression became rather solemn after blocking this attack.

Just then, that creature collapsed, as it had exhausted all its life energy to unleash this one attack.

Seeing this scene, Long Chen and the others were stunned. This creature was incredibly ferocious. Without any warning, it directly tried to drag them down by sacrificing itself, going completely against typical instincts of self-preservation.

Just then, the other creatures charged over. Caught off-guard, many groups were thrown into a panic, and the weaker individuals instantly lost their lives.

“How can this be?! I can’t unleash my magical arts!” Screams of terror echoed through the air as some people attempted to form hand seals, only to find themselves incapable of unleashing their techniques.

The others were barely capable of unleashing a magical art, but only with a tenth of the power that they normally had. As a result, things quickly grew chaotic.

“Dragonblood Legion, spread out and hold the front. Pure immortal cultivators and god cultivators, retreat to the center. Body cultivators and bloodline heirs should be the second line of defense. Remember, the Sovereign Emperor Heaven’s laws are different from our world’s. As your magical arts and divine abilities have not received the recognition of the Heavenly Daos here, you’ll need more time to get used to this place. Don’t panic. The Dragonblood Legion will guarantee your survival,” declared Long Chen Chen to the academy’s disciples.

These disciples were terrified when they realized that they couldn’t unleash their magical arts in front of these ferocious monsters, as if they were suddenly crippled.

However, when Long Chen’s words reverberated, the Dragonblood warriors spread out, forming an iron wall around them, causing them to instantly feel a sense of security.

Long Chen's confidence stemmed from the fact that the power of the Dragonblood warriors largely derived from their dragon blood. With just their innate dragon blood power, they could unleash up to eighty percent of their full strength.

As the Dragonblood warriors took their positions, they faced a tide of monsters from every direction. Their swords then moved with fluid precision, sending Sword Qi flashing through the air as they swiftly slew the creatures.

Seeing the swift stabilization of the situation, the academy’s disciples grew more confident. Those who were relatively unaffected joined the fray, standing beside the Dragonblood warriors and eliminating any monsters that managed to slip through the defensive line.

Their action saved the Dragonblood warriors quite a bit of energy. Now, they just needed to focus on killing as many of these monsters as possible, while not bothering with any stragglers.

Other than the Dragonblood warriors, the Starry River Sect’s disciples weren’t that badly affected by the environment either. After a moment to accustom themselves, they joined the battle as well, quickly taking over the position of the Dragonblood warriors to become the main line of defense.

The Starry River Sect’s warriors were also fierce and fearless, so these monsters were unable to pose much of a threat to them. Seeing that the situation was under control, the Dragonblood warriors returned to their positions, no longer fighting.

The chaos on the academy’s side was instantly quelled. However, not all factions had immense combat experience like the Dragonblood warriors. Many of them were caught off-guard and slaughtered, and no one knew just how many people perished because of these creatures.

Although the Sage Kings were leading these factions, those motherfuckers had not even warned them, letting them fight on their own.

At some point, the Sage Kings took out photographic jades and secretly recorded this battle. Seeing them like this, Long Chen curled his lips.

Clearly, they planned on using this chaotic battle to see which disciples were worth nurturing.

Long Chen then waved his hand, and the Dragonblood Legion took the form of a sharp blade, becoming the vanguard that pierced through these creatures. With the force of a typhoon, they cleaved through the ranks of monsters, sending them flying like rotting wood while a tempest of blood raged in their wake.

In contrast, the other factions lagged behind. They struggled to keep pace with the group ahead of them to reduce the pressure on them as much as possible.

However, the Dragonblood Legion was advancing indifferently, blasting a new path into this sea of devil creatures, passing by the other groups.

Some of those groups tried to exploit this and tail them, but Long Chen and the others were so fast that they couldn’t keep up. These trailing groups were forced to retreat back to the rear lines of the advancing forces.

In just a brief moment, Long Chen got to the very front of the line and was surprised to see Long Xihe there. The Long clan was actually doing the best.

When Long Chen caught up, Long Xihe didn’t say a word and just sneered. Suddenly, a deafening rumble echoed ahead, accompanied by earth-shaking roars that reverberated through the world. Long Chen's gaze fell upon hundreds of mountain-sized figures looming on the horizon.

At that moment, a sinister smile crept across Long Xihe's face. He then took out a small bottle, and with a wave of his hand, dark red powder scattered through his troops. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

What followed was a strange spectacle: the devil creatures seemed to avoid their group, running away from them and heading straight for the Dragonblood Legion.

To make matters worse, even more giant figures in the distance started to head straight for the Dragonblood Legion.

“Long Chen, those are Sage King devil creatures. Let me see how you meet your end, hahaha!” A disciple behind Long Xihe laughed at Long Chen.

At the same time, the closest devil creature arrived right in front of Long Chen.