Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4759: Desperate Counterattack

BOOM!

One spear and one lance, each containing the full power of an expert, collided with a force that shook the very heavens.

The experts in this region had yet to accustom themselves to the laws of the Sovereign Emperor Heaven, so they were unable to use divine abilities or magical arts. However, they could still use their bloodline power as they wished.

Hence, the clash between these two warriors also represented a clash of two bloodlines. As they collided, ripples spread through the void, and a sphere of light emerged out of their weapons tips before erupting like a blazing sun.

From the point of impact, a figure was hurled backward, causing Guo Ran and the others to cry out. That figure was Feng You.

Shit! Guo Ran shouted and clenched his sabers. If Feng You really did get defeated, he wouldnt care about any agreement. After all, he could not just watch as she was slain.

Dont panic. Feng You still has a chance to turn things around, said Long Chen as he pressed Guo Rans shoulder down.

Feng You was blown back, but she succeeded in stopping her opponents charge. While it looked like she was at an absolute disadvantage, in truth, this proved that her power was above that of the Heavenly Loather races leader.

One her own, she had stopped the charge of him and his horse, so in terms of pure strength, Feng You won against him. Unfortunately, this was not the martial stage. There were no judges here, and what mattered was the final result.

BOOM!

The phoenix image behind Feng You spread its wings, and Feng You forcibly stabilized herself mid-flight. She looked like a war goddess, appearing unspeakably beautiful and heroic with her spear and billowing hair.

However, she now had a slightly unhealthy redness on her face. Although it quickly faded, everyone could see that she was injured and had just used a secret art to suppress it.

Hahaha, as expected of my woman, youre strong. Try out my next move. The Heavenly Loather races leader laughed with ease. After all, the impact of that attack had been entirely withstood by his horse. With a squeeze of his legs, he commanded his horse to rise and charge over again.

Hurry up and attack!

Long Chen might be calm on the surface, but he was extremely nervous inside. When she stopped that charge, it put immense pressure on both her and her opponent.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

If she couldnt control the flow of the battle now, she would be suppressed for the rest of the battle, and it could be difficult for her to make a comeback. However, Long Chen also knew that Feng You was injured and needed some time to recover.

The rest of the Dragonblood Legion held their breaths. Having gone through countless battles, they knew this was Feng Yous only chance to counterattack.

Dont hesitate! Even if you havent recovered, you have to attack! Gu Yang was so tense that he was sweating.

Just then, the phoenix image behind Feng You opened its mouth and shot out a blood-colored ray of divine light.

What?! Seeing this scene, the experts of the Heavenly Loather race were taken aback. Feng You was actually so decisive, directly igniting her soul essence to unleash a bloodline divine ability. This was clearly an all-out attack to determine victory or defeat, life or death.

In front of the practically suicidal attack, the Heavenly Loather races leader didnt dare to tarry. He interrupted his horses charge and swept his lance forward, conjuring a wave of divine light that protected him and his horse. He actually chose to defend.

Clearly, even someone as powerful as him was somewhat afraid of Feng Yous suicidal attack. The moment he switched to defense, Long Chen smiled with relief.

Thereafter, the Dragonblood warriors unleashed a roaring cheer.

BOOM!

The blood-colored ray of light struck the Heavenly Loather races lance and shattered, causing his expression to completely change.

This attack was a fancy feint. It was as light as a feather, and he had actually fallen for it. Without hesitation, he stabbed his lance behind him.

Slut, you dare to trick me?! Die!

His reflexes were indeed quick. With one blow of his lance, he struck a figure that had just emerged there.

BANG!

Countless people cried out in shock as the lance blasted Feng You apart. The mixed beast races experts were horrified.

What?

However, out of them all, the leader of the Heavenly Loather race looked the most stunned. At this moment, he suddenly shot into the air, leaving his horse behind.

A spear then pierced straight through his horses abdomen and out its back. If he hadnt fled, that spear would have pierced him along with his horse.

Nice! Long Chen clapped. Feng You had really grown. What had she experienced in the Esoteric Spirit World that she possessed such battle instincts now?

She had ignited her blood and soul to trick her opponent, making him think that she was launching a suicidal attack. After tricking him, she used that distraction to get a clone behind him, while her real body attacked from below.

These seemingly simple tactics were carried out ingeniously, but she succeeded mainly because of her confidence. If she had shown the slightest hesitation, her opponent would have sensed something wrong.

In terms of guts, he had lost. If he had dared to go all-out like Feng You, she would be a corpse right now.

Feng You had fought well. Although she didnt manage to kill him with this attack, his steed was dead.

She had been quick and vicious. Although the Heavenly Loather races leader had reacted quickly, her spear still grazed his lower body, causing blood to soak his pants.

Long Chen suddenly held his hands over his mouth like a loudspeaker and kindly gave him a reminder. Hey, brother, you should take a break. Your period has come.

A burning sensation stung the face of the Heavenly Loather races leader. However, he also felt a burst of fear. Had he been the slightest bit slower, Feng You would have slain him.

Although this injury wasnt fatal, Feng Yous spear possessed flame energy that caused the wound to sting almost as much as his face was burning.

Just then, Feng Yous spear shook and shattered his horse into pieces.

Seeing this scene, the Heavenly Loather races leader roared furiously, and his aura suddenly changed.