Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4760: Descendants of Loathers

As the Heavenly Loather races leader roared, the power of his bloodline surged, and he got bigger. Veins then throbbed beneath his skin like wriggling snakes.

His bloodline power reached an absolutely shocking level in just a moment, and he swung his lance at Feng You.

BOOM!

In front of that all-out attack, Feng You didnt retreat and thrust her phoenix spear forward without hesitation. These two divine weapons once more clashed, causing heaven and earth to flicker and the two of them to fly back.

At almost the same time, the two of them spat out blood as they were both injured.

Seeing that, Long Chen finally relaxed. By relying on her wits and experience, Feng You had finally overcome her disadvantage.

Previously, she had been at an immense disadvantage fighting one against two. Now that her opponents horse was dead, they were evenly matched.

Without your horse, you arent so arrogant anymore, Feng You snorted, wiping away her blood. The phoenix image behind her then spread its wings. Like a graceful bird, she flew toward him once more.

Feng You was merciless and ruthless, attacking without any hesitation.

Slut, youre celebrating too early! the Heavenly Loather races leader roared. Previously, he hadnt viewed her as a real opponent. But in his carelessness, he had lost his steed.

In his race, the horses were their strongest housepets. Not only could they borrow power from their horses, but they could use them to withstand some damage as well. In other words, their horses could be used for both offense and defense.

Furthermore, his horse was not an ordinary warhorse but a powerful spirit beast that had a contract with him. When the two of them worked together, it was like adding wings to a tiger. Hence, killing his steed was like cutting off his arms.

After all, the Heavenly Loather race had many secret arts that required the cooperation of their horses. This particular horse had grown alongside the leader of the Heavenly Loather race since childhood, their bond spanning a lifetime. So, for Feng You to kill his horse in one blow made him almost explode in fury.

At this moment, he no longer thought about gaining Feng Yous heart and only wished to tear her into a million pieces to avenge his companion.

Loather Possession, Bury All Life!

He abruptly extended his arms, from which Blood Qi seeped out of his pores and formed a strange design around him.

Long Chen narrowed his eyes when he saw that form. I see. They really are related to the Loathers of Purgatory. However, their bloodline isnt as pure, so they need to use some special means to summon the will of the Loathers. The Heavenly Loather race should be the descendants of the Loathers.

Meanwhile, Feng Yous expression didnt change upon seeing his transformation, and her attack only grew stronger. Divine flames burst into existence on the tip of her spear, so sharp that it tore through the sky.

In the trials of the pathway, I already encountered and killed your ancestors, so do you think I cant do the same to you? shouted Feng You.

You bitch! Ill tear you to pieces! The Heavenly Loather races leader roared, his lance swinging toward her.

The two of them started to exchange a furious flurry of attacks, trying to kill each other as quickly as possible. As a result, every collision shook the world, but neither side was able to have an advantage over the other.

Feng You really is strong, stated Bai Shishi.

Yu Qingxuan agreed, Her strongest point is her confidence and will. Long Chen, dont you often mention those? Did you give her pointers? Yu Qingxuan then turned to Long Chen with a teasing smile because Feng Yous fearless way of fighting really did look slightly similar to Long Chens.

With a smile on his face, Long Chen replied, I didnt teach her. However, I dont know if she secretly learned something from me. You can ask her later. If she did, make sure to help me get some tuition fees!

Bai Shishi and Yu Qingxuan shared a laugh, though Bai Shishis contained a hint of shame. Yu Qingxuan was just different, her magnanimity and question indicating her unwavering faith in Long Chen.

Had Bai Shishi asked this question instead, her tone would have been different. Then, Long Chens response would have been more careful and attentive, mindful of feelings. Such an exchange would have shifted the dynamic significantly.Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Watching Long Chens laughter, Bai Shishi sighed. She also didnt know when she had become so moody.

As Feng You and the leader of the Heavenly Loather race went all out, it looked as if any side could fall at any moment.

However, Long Chen wasnt the slightest bit worried. After observing for a bit, Long Chen found that Feng You had definitely had some miraculous encounters in the Esoteric Spirit World, which improved her power, heart, wits, judgment skill, and will. Her odds of victory only continued to improve as time passed.

Kill!

Meanwhile, the Dragonblood warriors were slaughtering the Heavenly Loather race. As they summoned their Dragon Blood Battle Armor, dragon cries rang out, and their swords sliced through their targets.

They were like ferocious tigers that clawed through their targets without mercy. Moreover, their fighting style was ruthless, so ruthless that even the Heavenly Loather race was scared of them. All of their attacks seemed suicidal, as if they intended to drag their enemies down with them. Intimidated, the Heavenly Loather race switched to defense.

Just like their leader, they consigned themselves to defeat. While on the defensive, the slightest opening proved fatal as the Dragonblood warriors swiftly slew them, killing them so quickly that they had no chance to fight back.

Even the nine star Doyens fell rapidly, their blood flowing like a river. In just a short moment, their formation was a complete mess.

The mixed beast races experts had now surrounded the Heavenly Loather race. Although they werent as strong as the Dragonblood warriors, they were fearless and charged forward crazily.

In the blink of an eye, half of the Heavenly Loather race's experts, along with their steeds, were slain, the scene drenched in blood.

However, the Heavenly Loather race was indeed powerful as they also slew many experts of the mixed beast race. Despite this, the mixed beast race refused to retreat, sacrificing their own lives to create openings for their allies to strike down their targets.

On the other hand, the Dragonblood warriors showed immense prowess, swiftly dispatching even the nine star Doyens with ease. Most foes fell after just one blow, and even their strongest elites could only withstand three exchanges.

It seemed as though the Dragonblood warriors were born for slaughter. They exploited their opponents' weaknesses mercilessly, swiftly eliminating the experts of the Heavenly Loather race.

Stop!

Just then, a roar that shook everyones ears rang out.