Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4761: Shining Night Race

The sunny and cloudless sky instantly became dark. At some point, a group of figures appeared in the sky.

These people wore cloaks covering their faces. On the outside, they looked no different from humans, but their dark and sinister auras were completely different from that of the human race. They were like black clouds covering the sky. Despite only numbering a few hundred thousand people, making them a small group here, they exuded such a suffocating aura.

To everyones surprise, every single one of them was a nine star Heavenly Doyen. Their black robes bore peculiar silver totems, though one among them had golden insignias, which clearly marked him as the leader of this group of mysterious people.

However, his words fell on deaf ears. The swords of the Dragonblood warriors continued their relentless dance of death.

Seeing that the Dragonblood warriors did not hesitate, the mixed beast race also continued to slaughter.

The mysterious expert with golden totems on his robes erupted in fury. I am from the Shining Night race! The Heavenly Loather race has a bit of a relationship with us, so I hope you can give me some face and immediately cease the slaughter!

His gaze roved around before landing on Long Chen, and he seemed to know that Long Chen was their leader.

Although he said that it was just a matter of face, his tone carried a sharp edge, hinting that he wouldn't hesitate to resort to violence if his demand wasn't met.

Give you face? Long Chen responded with a disdainful glare. So, how much are you willing to pay?

At the mention of payment, the black-robed experts instinctively reached for their weapons. However, their leader stopped them. It seems that you dont know of the Shining Night race, or else you wouldnt say something so foolish. Where are you from?

The High Firmament Academy, Long Chen replied, not hesitating to tell the truth.

Hearing Long Chens answer, that person seemed baffled. A declined academy also dares to be so arrogant?! Do you not know that the Shining Night race once challenged the Jiuli race?! Dont tell me youve never heard of the Jiuli race either!Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The Jiuli racethe strongest branch of the human race. Although the violet blood race, the Heavenly Eye race, and others had prospered for a while and were considered strong branches of the human race, the Jiuli race held an unparalleled status.

The Jiuli immortal characters were enough to be the proof. There was no need for any further explanation.

The Jiuli race was an existence that all experts in the nine heavens and ten lands knew of. Even though the human race had declined, the Jiuli race was still respected by all.

Against this mysterious expert of the Shining Night race, Long Chen simply scoffed. I really hate when people say that they challenged someone. To put it frankly, you once provoked the Jiuli race and were slaughtered like rats, struggling to survive to this day.

How dare you! The Shining Night races experts were instantly enraged, and killing intent exploded out of them.

Id advise you not to get mixed up in this. If you dare to interfere, I guarantee that not one of you will arrive in the Sovereign Emperor Heaven, declared Long Chen apathetically.

Long Chen had never heard of the Shining Night race. However, he had a feeling that they were about the same as the Lifehunter race and the Shadow race.

Their extremely weak aura fluctuations showed that they possessed immense control over their power. They seemed like the typical assassin type, possessing great killing power.

However, this was nothing to the Dragonblood Legion. In the mortal world, they frequently fought the Bloodkill Hall, and in the immortal world, they fought the Lifehunter race. As a result, the Dragonblood Legion had ample experience against assassins.

Furthermore, assassins couldnt fight head-on, or they would lose their natural advantage: the element of surprise. Thus, Long Chen was sure that these people were just trying to intimidate them, all barks only but no bites.

If they really planned on interfering, they definitely wouldnt be acting like this. Instead, they would have launched a sneak attack.

What arrogance! Let me see if you have the power to be so arrogant! shouted their leader.

Say another word and you can all stay here forever. Either scram or die, replied Long Chen with a hint of laziness.

Just then, a sound drew everyones attention back to Feng You. They saw her stabbing the leg of the Heavenly Loather races leader, and the leg exploded into a mess of blood.

As Long Chen expected, after Feng You had blocked the first attacks, the scales of victory slowly tilted toward her. The longer the battle went, the more of an advantage she got.

The furious attacks of the Heavenly Loather races leader were unable to suppress Feng You, and he gradually found that the battle was going in her favor. Realizing that, he instantly grew scared, and Feng You grasped that opening to unleash a torrent of attacks.

Despite his tough exterior, the moment he sensed some danger, he turned into a coward. In his panic, he could barely block three of Feng Yous attacks before being stabbed in the leg.

AH! The Heavenly Loather races leader screamed, Save me!

Long Chen and the others were dumbfounded. This fellow was actually such a coward? Was he asking his subordinates to save him? How could they when they were in enough trouble themselves?

Even so, his subordinates tried to rush over to his side. However, they were unable to get past the blockade of the Dragonblood Legion.

Previously, the Dragonblood Legion had just been running around to slaughter them. Now, they simply set up a wall formation and waited for their targets to come at them.

Battling in a formation was the Dragonblood Legions specialty. So, let alone the Heavenly Loather races experts, even a fly wouldnt be able to get past their blockade.

Just then, sparks flew as Feng You sent the cowards lance flying. Her sharp phoenix spear then stabbed through his chest and picked him up.

No! Dont kill me! Otherwise, youll all die! he screamed in terror.

The Heavenly Loather races experts are lying on the other side of the gate. If you kill him, just wait to be exterminated by them! shouted the leader of the Shining Night race.

Feng You was about to kill this piece of trash. However, when she heard that, her expression changed. Just as her power lagged, she looked at Long Chen.

Kill him. I want to see which faction could exterminate my Dragonblood Legion. Long Chen simply smiled and waved for her to continue.

No! the Heavenly Loather races leader screamed.

BOOM!