Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4763: Six Eye Ghost Owl

As Long Chen and the others continued onward, the pathway ahead grew wider, and they saw more devil creatures here. Fortunately, these devil creatures couldnt threaten them, so they simply blasted through the unending waves of devil creatures.

Long Chen tossed a few of their corpses into the primal chaos space. After all, every kernel of grain counted, and Long Chen was not a wasteful guy. However, he found that while these devil creatures werent weak, the amount of life energy in their bodies was extremely small, not even comparable to that of one star Doyens. It was so lacking that Long Chen couldnt even be bothered to waste the effort on gathering their corpses.

As they advanced, they passed by different groups, or were the ones being bypassed. In any case, their eyes were opened to the world. All kinds of lifeforms were present: some had three heads and six arms, while some had beast heads and human bodies.

As they sped through, they passed by another group of lifeforms, and when Long Chen saw them, even he felt a chill.

Look Xiaole, there are some experts from your profession.

Clad in black scale armor and crowned with horns, these lifeforms bore a peculiar feature: six eyes on their barren headstwo at the front, two at the back, and one at the sides of their heads. Though Long Chen was unfamiliar with this race, his intuition told him that they were pupil arts masters.

The Six Eye Ghost Owl race. Those bastards only know how to cause mischief behind peoples backs! Ill definitely destroy them! Back then, they were one of the Nine Tail races subordinates, but they were actually the first to betray us. Using their six eye divine abilities, they became the spies of the Heavenly Demon Golden Monkey race and tried to hunt down every single member of the Nine Tail race. Hehe, the heavens are very just to let me encounter them again, said Little Nine.

Hearing this, Long Chen immediately raised his hand, and the Dragonblood warriors instantly shot toward the Six Eye Ghost Owl race.

Boss! Little Nine was startled.

Dont worry about it. If there is a blood debt between you, what are you waiting for? You should be the first one to charge over. Just slaughter them. We will be your support, stated Long Chen.

Little Nine hadnt expected Long Chen to be so direct. Although it was very moved, it couldnt hide its killing intent anymore.

What are you doing, humans? Do you want to die?! Do you know who we are?!

When the Dragonblood warriors surrounded the hundreds of thousands of Six Eye Ghost Owls, the latter immediately paused and glared at the Dragonblood warriors coldly.

The Six Eye Ghost Owl race had heads resembling those of humans, complete with noses and mouths but lacking ears. Their six eyes provided a comprehensive view from all angles.

During their journey, no one dared to disturb them. Even though many experts didnt know of the Six Eye Ghost Owl race, their appearance alone was enough to scare off most experts.

You are nothing more than despicable and foolish idiots. Even though you have six eyes, youre as blind as a rat, declared Bai Xiaole.

When Bai Xiaole appeared in front of them, the Six Eye Ghost Owls regarded him with apathetic gazes. However, when they spotted the little fox on his shoulder, their pupils instantly shrank to the size of a pin.

You How can this be?! The Nine Tail race was already wiped out! Who are you?! they exclaimed, visibly shaken as if confronting a nightmare.

Even you traitors havent been eradicated, so how could the Nine Tail race be gone? Little Nine retorted angrily, its violet pupils streaked with blood-like lines, exuding intense killing intent.

Hahaha, this is great! We've stumbled upon a survivor of the Nine Tail race with violet pupils! That's the emperor bloodline of the Nine Tail race! Capture it! the leader of the Six Eye Ghost Owl exclaimed, swiftly recovering from his astonishment. With a sinister laugh, he clapped his hands together, causing his scales to peel away. Countless sharp scales, resembling a set of weapons, then shot toward Little Nine. As the scales fell off, he opened his two eyes.

BOOM!

Those fragments shot toward Little Nine like an enormous sword, arriving before it in the blink of an eye. That was the terrifying aspect of pupil arts. They could be unleashed instantly without giving the other side any chance to react.

Seeing this scene, Bai Xiaole snorted. He didnt form a single hand seal or use a pupil art, but a silver sphere suddenly appeared before him, instantly transforming into a shield.

The enormous black scale sword smashed into the silver shield and exploded. As a result, silver light and black scales danced in the void, tearing everything in their paths apart.

This brat has some skill. Seeing Bai Xiaole master this Spirit Weapon in such a short time, Bai Zhantang was overjoyed. It seemed that his son had been diligently working on mastering this Spirit Weapon, or he wouldnt have been able to control it so freely.

Just as the leader of the Six Eye Ghost Owl was sneering, with strange runes flowing in his eyes, he screamed, Try this one outAH!

At some unknown point, a giant fox had appeared behind him, its big mouth swallowing the leader of the Six Eye Ghost Owl.

The foxs sharp teeth instantly bit him in two, but it didnt kill him immediately. It continued to bite down, crushing him into pieces.

At this moment, the rest of the Six Eye Ghost Owls finally charged over, roaring and attacking together. Just then, the image of six flower pupils appeared in Little Nines violet pupils.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Six Dao Deathblow!

The heads of the Six Eye Ghost Owls exploded one after another.