Chapter 4807 Power to Destroy the World

When Long Chen landed on the ground, he found that all the land’s vegetation had withered. Even the boulder that he had been sitting on had been reduced to a pile of dust. This world’s vitality had been sucked away.

Bai Letian, as well as the four Elders, were all stunned by what they saw.

Although they knew that Long Chen’s guts were huge, they had never dreamed that he would do something like this.

After all, anyone who enraged the Heavenly Daos would be wiped out of existence. No matter how strong a person was, could they be stronger than the heavens?

Even they hadn’t known about the nine heavenly walls, nor had they known that every wall represented a higher level of laws.

When Long Chen broke the ninth wall, they absorbed the tiniest bit of primal chaos qi from it. Though it was just for a few short breaths, it was equivalent to over a thousand years of cultivation. Hence, even they felt a bit envious of Long Chen.

That little bit filled them with excitement. For others, merging with the Heavenly Daos was a gradual process involving withstanding the trials of the Heavenly Daos to obtain their approval and get more Heavenly Dao energy.

Normally, the more talented someone was, the greater their comprehension power, and the more they understood the Heavenly Daos. Once they understood the principles of the Heavenly Daos, they would never defy them.

However, Long Chen refused to receive the baptism of the Heavenly Daos and directly took their energy from their hands. Even though these Elders hadn’t participated in it, they still profited slightly. Nevertheless, this profit was not a free meal. Unless they spent the rest of their lives in the Heaven Saint realm, they had to settle this karma in their next tribulation.

“Long Chen, you’re too reckless. Do you know how terrifying this karma is?” scolded the Divine Lightning Elder.

He was worried about Long Chen, not himself. After all, no matter how much power Long Chen had just gained, when he tried to advance to the Eternal realm, the Heavenly Daos would definitely strike with such intensity that he wouldn’t be able to survive.

“Who cares about karma? The crisis in front of us is more pressing. For myself, I cannot abandon any chance to get stronger,” replied Long Chen as he shook his head. After fighting his heart-devil, he sensed that a huge crisis was on the verge of descending. He couldn’t even beat a clone of his heart-devil, so if its true body returned, he would definitely be crushed.

Previously, the mysterious voice had been telling Long Chen that there wasn’t much time left. Thinking about those words, Long Chen felt like he could sense the true meaning behind them.

Although he didn’t know whether or not the mysterious voice was talking about his heart-devil, he truly felt that there wasn’t much time left. He had to get much stronger before his heart-devil returned, or he would be forever sealed in darkness, which would be a fate worse than death.

“I didn’t affect the others, did I?” asked Long Chen.

“Fortunately, we are far enough from them, so they weren’t directly impacted. However, your stunt has halted their merger temporarily,” answered Bai Letian.

On his own, Long Chen had almost devoured all the Heavenly Dao energy in the surroundings. Fortunately, like water replenishing a lake, the Heavenly Dao energy would gradually replenish itself from the surroundings. However, for the time being, there existed a deficit in the area.

Having never experienced such a phenomenon before, Bai Letian was uncertain of its implications, but to be safe, they decided to relocate, so everyone else could merge with the Heavenly Daos in peace.

Wanting to try something, Long Chen extended his hand, and a small tornado appeared on it.

It was just a simple magical art. However, it showed that he could use Heavenly Dao energy in this place and wasn’t rejected due to forcibly taking the Heavenly Dao runes.

Bai Letian and the others also sighed with relief when they saw the small tornado. If Long Chen could no longer draw upon the energy of heaven and earth, he would be doomed.

Long Chen had absorbed a huge amount of Heavenly Dao runes and primal chaos qi, so he immediately went into seclusion to digest these gains. At this moment, Bai Letian wished him good luck and went somewhere. He needed to find a place unaffected by the disturbance here for the other disciples to undergo their merger with the Heavenly Daos. After all, they had to undergo this process quickly, or their cultivation bases would stop growing.

With the four Elders guarding him, Long Chen went into seclusion. As he hovered in the air in a sitting position, primal chaos runes flowed around him.

His mind sank into the primal chaos space, which was now filled with the aura of primal chaos. Clouds swirled in the sky and gave birth to countless Heavenly Dao runes. Moreover, invisible laws were gradually forming here. It seemed that the primal chaos space was evolving, producing its own laws.

Before this, as Long Chen repeatedly advanced, the primal chaos space grew as well. However, its growth was slow, as if it was missing something.

After it had absorbed this huge amount of primal chaos qi, it gave birth to its own law, as if there was a new sense of order here. All the precious medicinal ingredients inside the primal chaos space were glistening, filled with a trace of sacred aura.

Countless runes were flowing around the Fusang and Moon Trees, and even their flames seemed to have undergone a transformation. They were exceptionally active now, as if they had been granted new life.

The primal chaos space wasn’t the only one that had undergone a transformation. The dragon blood in Long Chen was like an erupting volcano, booming as it circulated through his veins. It was truly like an awakened dragon now. As it circulated through him, Long Chen felt full of power. He had the urge to tear apart the very world with his bare hands.

The violet blood and seven-color Supreme Blood that had been suppressed by his dragon blood started to awaken as well. However, they still couldn’t compete with his dragon blood, so they could only allow his dragon blood to roar within him. Nevertheless, they gradually wrestled with his dragon blood to gain control. They were like relentless warriors tempering themselves against greater adversaries.

As for his Dantian, his starry sea was filled with violet qi, and it had formed a giant whirlpool. As it slowly spun, the stars pulsated with a strange rhythm.

Long Chen felt immense power from his starry sea now. In front of his whirlpool of stars, he felt as miniscule as an ant. Most terrifying of all, it was an ant like him that controlled this whirlpool’s power.

Although he could always sense the majestic power of his starry sea, he had only ever been borrowing its power. But now, he was in full control.

Before this, Long Chen could only control a mere fraction of his starry sea’s power. Now, however, he felt as though the entirety of its immense power was within his grasp. He even felt that if he were to summon all of it, he would instantly explode. This was a power that could destroy the entire world.

“As expected, the more guts you have, the more you can gain. I don’t even know how many similar opportunities I’ve missed because I was being too cautious. I can’t let that happen again. I have to become even more fearless!” exclaimed Long Chen as he clenched his fist.

At this moment, he was grateful to his heart-devil, as its words had opened a new door for him, showing him his path forward. Now, his thoughts were clear.

A month later, Long Chen came out of seclusion. His raging dragon blood had finally settled down and was under control. His eyes gleamed with the intensity of lightning, yet their sharpness mirrored that of a finely honed blade.

Long Chen hadn't merely acquired vast power during his seclusion; he had also cultivated a newfound sense of confidence. When he came out, he coincidentally encountered Bai Letian and Bai Shishi's mother. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

“Long Chen, this time, we’ll probably have to trouble you,” Bai Shishi’s mother remarked with a sigh when she saw Long Chen.