Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4879 Long Chen vs. Huo Qianwu

“To be able to block my Blaze Dragon Bone Whip’s spurs, you can count as decently powerful. However, you will still die in my hands.”

Unable to beat Long Chen in one exchange, Huo Qianwu’s expression finally changed, and she no longer looked at him with such disdain.

Her Blaze Dragon Bone Whip was made from a Heaven Saint blaze dragon of ancient times. Furthermore, after being nourished by countless generations of experts, it now possessed an absolutely terrifying power. It was definitely top grade amongst top grade when it came to Heaven Saint divine weapons.

This weapon fit her status as a peak genius of the Flame Divine Hall. Huo Qianwu's affinity with flame energy led her to gain the recognition of the Blaze Dragon Bone Whip at just eight years old. This Heaven Saint divine weapon resonated remarkably well with her. Even in the Divine Venerate realm, Huo Qianwu could unleash fifty percent of its full power.

Due to this, with the Blaze Dragon Bone Claw, Huo Qianwu possessed the qualifications to challenge Heaven Saints all on her own, which was also why Huo Qianwu had never looked up to anyone in the same realm. She was qualified to be arrogant.

Just as Long Chen and Huo Qianwu exchanged blows, multiple figures shot by the two of them, charging toward Heaven Screen Mountain.

Normally, Long Chen would have done his most to stall them. Even if he could only hold them back for a moment, it would reduce the danger for Mo Nian. However, with Huo Qianwu gazing at him, he knew that the slightest distraction would lead to a devastating blow from her.

Long Chen was truly pissed, bone-chilling aura flickering in his eyes. This time, he entered Heaven Screen Mountain not for treasures or a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity but solely to aid Xing Wujiang[1].

Ignoring Xing Wujiang’s connection with the Grand Xia imperial family, Long Chen’s deep friendship with him was enough for Long Chen to walk through fire for him.

By blocking Long Chen, Huo Qianwu was essentially putting Xing Wujiang and Mo Nian in danger. In an instant, Long Chen’s killing intent solidified on her.

As an intense sensation of danger enveloped Huo Qianwu, she suddenly felt her hair stand on end. She swung her whip out defensively under Long Chen’s pressure.

Long Chen was about to summon Evilmoon and kill her when he suddenly thought of his mission. Gritting his teeth, he summoned lightning wings on his back and shot toward Heaven Screen Mountain. “Fuck, what’s the point of fighting a woman? I have more important things to do.”

“Bastard!”

Just as Huo Qianwu thought that Long Chen was about to go all-out against her, he chose to flee. Having been tricked, she exploded with fury, and her flame wings turned her into a blazing shooting star chasing after him.

It was at this moment that the other heavenly geniuses outside started to squeeze their way in. Without the support of powerful experts, they could only wait for the barrier’s energy to disperse before they could enter.

By this time, Long Chen had long since vanished from their view, followed by Huo Qianwu’s figure.

Countless heavenly geniuses poured into the channel. Xing Wujiang smiled after seeing Mo Nian and Long Chen enter.

“Good brothers, I wish you luck,” remarked Xing Wujiang with a satisfied smile. He hadn’t expected to gain two new hot-blooded brothers at his age. Turning back, he gazed at the spatial gate behind him leading to Devil Fall City, which stood like an immovable boulder.

However, at that moment, black spots start to slowly grow out of the cracks in the city gates...

Once the heavenly geniuses had entered, the seniors who had been guarding them remained in their positions, patiently waiting for them to return.

At this moment, Gao Jianli, Cao Guofeng, and the others didn’t pretend anymore and openly walked toward the Flame Divine Hall’s camp, clearly showing their hostility toward Xing Wujiang.

Xing Wujiang simply ignored them and sat in his golden chariot, staring into the distance with a peaceful expression. It was as if all these mundane battles had nothing to do with him, and he was just patiently enjoying what he saw.

...

When Long Chen charged out of the channel, a vast wave of devil qi crashed down upon him. The area was thick with resentful spirits, and the air was heavy with the scent of death. It felt as though he had entered hell itself.

Once Long Chen was inside, he neither saw Mo Nian’s figure nor any marks he had left behind. Mo Nian clearly hadn’t had any time to waste, rushing straight to his target.

Before Long Chen could fully orient himself, the void behind him erupted with rage. A flame whip surged toward him like a sword.

“She’s fast!”

Long Chen hadn’t expected Huo Qianwu to be so difficult to deal with. He was actually unable to throw her off. Most frightening of all, her attack froze the space around him. If he wanted to dodge, he would have to deal with the spatial bindings first.

“Gutless coward, now where are you going to run?!” Huo Qianwu appeared in front of Long Chen, wrapped in flames.

Seeing that the other four people had vanished and Huo Qianwu still continued to cause trouble for him, Long Chen lost his patience.

“Today, if I don’t beat you until you cry for your mommy and daddy, you won’t know who Boss Long San is.”

When Long Chen extended his hand, a sinister aura filled this space. Evilmoon appeared in his hand, slashing onto the whip.

BOOM!

With one clash of divine weapons, the ground was set ablaze. Long Chen and Huo Qianwu were both knocked back.

Just as they exchanged blows, some unlucky fellows charged through the channel. Before they could even grasp what was going on, they were devoured by those powerful flames.

“AH!”

Fortunately, they were all powerful geniuses, so they survived, albeit hairless and charred.

As Long Chen swung Evilmoon once more, a giant saber-image crashed down from the sky like a falling river of stars.

“Six Forms in One!”

Having repeatedly failed to get the upper hand against Long Chen, Huo Qianwu was unable to accept this loss of face.

“Blaze Dragon Heaven Breaking Attack!”

Huo Qianwu’s whip moved rapidly until it suddenly formed a dragon head, its bone joints clattering. A powerful force flowed through her hand and into the whip, intensifying as it passed through every joint. The bone whip boasted a total of thirty-six joints, and as the force flowed through each one, her strength multiplied many times over.

When the dragon head opened, and a globe of light shot toward Evilmoon.

1. Yeah, who are we kidding? ☜Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)