Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4884 Thousand Phoenix Fall

When Huo Qianwu saw Long Chen’s greedy expression, her sneer grew more prominent. Someone as aloof as she had never regarded anyone with significance—especially poor commoners like Long Chen. She innately looked down on them. However, the fact that Long Chen had repeatedly thwarted her completely enraged her.

Seeing Long Chen’s expression, she finally regained her confidence. The Thousand Phoenix Feather Dress’s divine light flowed around her, its beauty beyond description. Even disregarding its power as a Heaven Saint divine weapon, the dress alone was captivating enough to attract countless admirers.

“How about you take off that dress? Then I can consider not killing you,” remarked Long Chen as he set Evilmoon on his shoulder.

“You... you’re courting death!” Huo Qianwu’s rage instantly exploded.

Realizing he had misspoken, Long Chen quickly waved his hand. “I’m not interested in what you look like without the dress. I’m just saying that you can hand the Thousand Phoenix Feather Dress to me, and I’ll spare your life. Exchanging a dress for your life is worth it, you know?”

Huo Qianwu laughed furiously. “You really are a frog! Do you think someone like you can touch my Thousand Phoenix Feather Dress?”

Long Chen shook his head. “No, I’m not planning on dirtying it. I just feel like your looks are too ordinary to wear such a beautiful dress. That’s practically a blasphemy toward it. I know a beautiful girl like a heavenly fairy who’s more suitable to wear this dress.”

“Big Brother Long Chen...”

Huo Linger was immediately moved after hearing that. In truth, the moment that she saw the Blaze Dragon Bone Whip, she started to get excited. But when the Thousand Phoenix Feather Dress appeared, she practically went crazy. Let alone her, its beauty was something no one could resist. However, she was always very obedient. Knowing that Huo Qianwu was extremely powerful, she didn’t dare to release any spiritual fluctuations for fear of affecting Long Chen’s battle.

However, now that Long Chen had said that he wanted the Thousand Phoenix Feather Dress, she was so moved that she wept.

“Average... looks...” Xing Wujiang stared at Long Chen oddly, speechless. Mo Nian’s tongue was sharp, but Long Chen’s words were just as fatal, especially toward someone like Huo Qianwu who was so conceited. She instantly exploded and swung the Blaze Dragon Bone Whip toward Long Chen.

“I’ll kill you!”

The Thousand Phoenix Feather Dress fluctuated, and phoenix cries rang out, merging with the dragon cry of the whip.

“A complete set of divine weapons?” Long Chen was startled by this and swung Evilmoon down.

BOOM!

The impact blasted Long Chen back, causing the void behind him to collapse. Relying on the rebounding force, Long Chen barely managed to stabilize himself. His hand was bleeding and almost numb. He was injured. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Heavens, two Heaven Saint divine weapons capable of complementing each other! Even a Heaven Saint would meet their end against such a combination attack!” exclaimed one senior expert.

For two top-grade Heaven Saint divine weapons to be capable of complementing and assisting each other, merging both of their powers—this was something they had never seen before.

“Thousand Phoenix Return!” shouted Huo Qianwu.

Long Chen had barely stabilized himself when the space around him exploded, revealing many multicolored phoenixes surrounding him.

“Shit!” Long Chen instantly activated all seven Split the Heaven runes on Evilmoon. Not waiting for their full power to activate, he instantly swung his saber to stop these phoenixes from surrounding him.

BOOM!

A heaven-shaking explosion erupted, creating an open space in the phoenix encirclement. Long Chen’s palm was covered in blood, but not bothering with it, he charged out.

“Thousand Phoenix Fall!”

Following that, Huo Qianwu formed hand seals, and the Thousand Phoenix Feather Dress unleashed what seemed to be a watery light curtain, within which ancient phoenix souls flowed.

BOOM!

Suddenly, the thousand phoenixes around Long Chen exploded. This was a world-shaking attack, with black cracks spreading through the world. The barrier was left riddled with holes.

Everyone was stunned by the destructive might of this attack, thinking that Long Chen had definitely been wiped out of existence.

Just as everyone was stunned and wanted to see if Long Chen really had miraculously survived somehow, one of the senior experts shouted urgently, “Quick, enter Heaven Screen Mountain, or the barrier will heal!”

People quickly reacted. Huo Qianwu’s attack had blasted thousands of large holes into the barrier, which were big enough for them to enter. Their chance had come.

“Charge!”

The heavenly geniuses quickly shot out like arrows loosed from a bow. If they missed this chance, who knew how long they would have to wait? The holes were closing quickly, as if they would recover in just a few breaths.

As soon as these geniuses flooded into Heaven Screen Mountain, startled cries rang out. They had essentially charged into Huo Qianwu and Long Chen’s battlefield. Although it was just the outer edge, the intense heat here set them on fire. Some people, unable to resist this heat, instantly turned to ash.

Seeing this scene, some of them quickly fled for their lives, trying to escape from Huo Qianwu’s domain. Only now did they understand just how terrifying a Heavenly Chosen was.

Previously, they had been separated by the barrier, unable to sense her true might. Now, they understood just what kind of existence Long Chen had just fought.

The seniors remained outside, watching as their disciples charged into the depths of Heaven Screen Mountain. Their gazes fixed on the twisting space at the core of the battlefield; they couldn't shake the feeling that Long Chen couldn’t possibly die so easily.

Just then, they heard footsteps. A figure walked out of that destroyed space.