Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4891 Ghost Nether King Rat

“As expected, the stories are true. The Ghost Nether Rats live in packs,” remarked Long Chen as he saw many black figures shooting out of the grass. He hadn’t directly killed the first Ghost Nether Rat exactly to let it scream and draw its comrades over.

It was said that their characters were ruthless, and once their venom sack was full, they would feel so uncomfortable that they wanted to use their venom immediately. If they didn’t have a target to attack, they would unleash their venom on each other, which wouldn’t matter much because of their resistance to venom.

Once they released their venom, their berserk state along with their guts would instantly bottom out. The smallest disturbance would make them run. On the other hand, when their venom was maxed out, they became nuts. Even though their essence blood was priceless, someone who wanted it had to at least manage to survive the encounter with them in their crazy state.

“Lightning Cloud Storm!” shouted Long Chen.

At this moment, a streak of lightning exploded, striking millions of Ghost Nether Rats, causing them to stiffen.

Evilmoon then appeared in Long Chen’s hand, and a wave of divine light sliced through the air, turning those Ghost Nether Rats into blood mist. Long Chen didn’t have to do much. The Earth Cauldron directly sucked their blood into the primal chaos space and refined it into Heavenly Yin Water.

The Earth Cauldron couldn’t intentionally kill other beings, but it could help Long Chen deal with many other things. After all, this Heavenly Yin Water was extremely important to both it and Long Chen.

“Careful!” the Earth Cauldron shouted. The next moment, the space around Long Chen collapsed, revealing a black hole that threatened to devour Long Chen.

Long Chen sensed it as well, but before he could do anything, he was already sucked into the vortex and unable to escape. Six Split the Heaven runes then lit up on Evilmoon, and Long Chen swung it at the center of the vortex.

BOOM!

The vortex exploded. Within the dissipating Heavenly Dao runes, Long Chen saw a certain figure, and he couldn’t help but gasp. It was another Ghost Nether Rat, yet it was enormous. An ordinary Ghost Nether Rat was about the size of a rabbit, but this one was like a bull, and its eyes were scarlet.

“This is... a Ghost Nether Rat King?” Long Chen exclaimed in delight.

A Ghost Nether Rat King that had reached the Heaven Saint realm. Its essence blood was invaluable, and even Heaven Saints would go crazy for it.

“It really is a Ghost Nether Rat King, with an extremely pure bloodline to boot. Heavens, why is your luck so good today?” wondered the Earth Cauldron with an amused tone.

Suddenly, the Ghost Nether Rat King let out an ear-piercing screech that caused Long Chen’s soul to shudder. He was shocked to find himself being forced back. But just then, he realized that he hadn’t moved at all.

“Shit, it’s a spiritual attack!”

Long Chen was horrified. This Ghost Nether Rat King could actually force his soul out of his body.

Just then, the Ghost Nether Rat King pounced on Long Chen, its giant teeth chomping toward Long Chen’s head.

“Stop right there!” shouted Long Chen, his soul rushing back into his body. However, the rat king was just too fast. Furthermore, Huo Linger and Lei Linger were shocked to find that they couldn’t come out of the primal chaos space to save him.

BOOM!

The Ghost Nether Rat King’s teeth slammed down at Earth Cauldron and somehow gnawed off a layer of “skin” of the Earth Cauldron. After that, the Ghost Nether Rat King jumped back and spat out this layer of “skin”, along with its teeth.

What it ended up biting off was a large piece of rust. When this rust fell into its mouth, it instantly had a bad feeling and spat it out, but it was too late. Its mouth had started to rapidly decay.

“Quick, now!” shouted the Earth Cauldron.

Long Chen’s soul returned to his body, and he immediately swung Evilmoon. His attack landed right on the Ghost Nether Rat King’s neck; however, Evilmoon ended up stuck between two neck bones. Startled, Long Chen shouted and ignited his dragon blood, summoning the Dragon Blood Battle Armor. He then pulled out of Evilmoon and swung it again.

At last, the Ghost Nether Rat King’s head fell to the ground. But even before it landed, it had rotted away into a pool of rotting pus.

As soon as Long Chen killed it, the Earth Cauldron sucked its headless corpse into the primal chaos space, not letting it be stained by the rotting blood.

“That was dangerous,” sighed the Earth Cauldron.

“It really was.” Long Chen nodded. His back was soaked in sweat. Just now, if it hadn’t been for the Earth Cauldron, he would have lost his head.

In Long Chen’s battle with Huo Qianwu, both of them had unleashed powerful techniques, and Long Chen had come face to face with death many times. However, all the danger of that battle paled in comparison to this one moment.

“Senior, what kind of divine ability was that? It was absolutely terrifying,” asked Long Chen, still shuddering. The most terrifying thing was that there was no way to defend against it.

Even after experiencing it, he had no idea what to do against it next time. There was practically no way to deal with it.

“This is one of the Ghost Nether Rat’s strongest divine abilities—the Ghost Nether Soul Strip. If you were to fight it one against one, it would be powerless against you. However, you have killed so many Ghost Nether Rats just now, and their deaths formed a unique cursed domain, which strengthened the Ghost Nether Rat King’s technique. Essentially, you were facing the divine abilities of all the slain Ghost Nether Rats simultaneously. Even if the Devil Fall City’s city lord or the Flame Divine Hall’s vice hall master were here, they wouldn’t be able to bear it, let alone you. So I don’t know whether to say your luck is good or bad,” answered the Earth Cauldron.

Previously, the Earth Cauldron had been amazed by Long Chen’s luck. He not only encountered a whole pack of Ghost Nether Rats but also a Ghost Nether Rat King.

However, when all of his “luck” was added together, the Ghost Nether Soul Strip ended up terrifyingly powerful, being amplified over ten times. If the Earth Cauldron hadn’t been here, Long Chen would have died a hundred times over. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After this, the Earth Cauldron wanted to take back what it had said about Long Chen’s luck turning for the better.

Long Chen felt much better after hearing the Earth Cauldron’s explanation. If he encountered such a situation again, he knew what he would do then.

After calming down his emotions, Long Chen was about to set off again when the Earth Cauldron suddenly said, “I have an idea. Are you interested?”