Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4898 Violet Crystal

BOOM!

The center of the hall broke open, and a violet crystal hundreds of meters long floated out of the ground. This violet crystal was like an eye that could expose all of Long Chen’s secrets, causing his heart to quiver.

The giant crystal had eight crystalline chains attached to them. As the crystal rose, those chains rose out of the ground as well. When Long Chen saw the direction they were going, he was startled.

Those eight chains were heading in the direction of those eight corpses. The next moment, another explosion occurred, and all the chains were fully freed from the ground. The eight corpses quivered.

As Long Chen anticipated, the eight chains were connected to the ankles of these corpses. Their ankles had been covered with dirt, so he hadn’t noticed before. Now, Long Chen realized that this violet crystal was binding these eight ancient corpses.

“Mo Nian really is incredible. There’s actually such a treasure here!” Long Chen exclaimed, his heart leaped. He practically prostrated himself toward Mo Nian’s sharp nose for treasures.

Mo Nian didn’t know anything about what was going on here, yet he had still accurately deduced that there was a treasure here. It was no wonder this fellow always considered himself a treasure hunter. As long as there was a treasure, he could sense it. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Although Long Chen didn’t know what this violet crystal was, the fact that it could bind these eight corpses showed that it was a priceless treasure.

Divine light flowed on top of the crystal, and six kinds of strange fluctuations moved within it like fish. The Blood expert and devil expert’s expressions instantly changed.

The two of them were shocked to find that they were now unable to absorb the energy of these corpses. Most terrifying of all, the energy they had managed to absorb before was flowing back into the corpses.

“Hehehe...” Long Chen instantly understood what was happening. A sinister laugh escaped his lips as he walked toward the Blood expert.

The Blood expert panicked. Without the power of this corpse, he wasn’t a match for Long Chen.

“Who was it that said that they would rip me into eight pieces? Tell me the truth. I’ve heard of dismemberment by five horses[1], but I don't know much about ripping someone into eight pieces. Tell me, how are you supposed to rip someone into eight pieces evenly?” Long Chen’s gaze roved over the Blood expert as if trying to decide on the best place to cut.

When the Blood expert saw Long Chen’s gaze, his hair stood on end—not from anger but terror. After all, this place was sealed; there was nowhere for him to run.

If the Blood expert wanted to tear through the space here, he would need to use the Emperor Qi within these corpses. They only ended up coming here because their spies within the human race had helped them survey this place.

Devil Fall City’s four noble families had long since colluded with other races. The Iron Blood Gate in particular had a close relationship with the Blood race. When they sensed that there were pre-Emperor corpses underground, they immediately passed word to the Blood race.

However, with Xing Wujiang guarding the gates of Devil Fall City, the Blood race was unable to get in. Although the Blood race was not part of the devil race, they also weren’t part of the human race. Hence, Xing Wujiang was free to let them in or tell them to scram.

Xing Wujiang had long since disliked the Iron Blood Gate, so he naturally rejected the Blood race. As a result, the Blood race could only watch helplessly, and the devil race was in a similar situation. Let alone getting into the city, they hadn’t even dared to approach Heaven Screen Mountain.

However, this time, the Xing family hadn’t done a strict examination of the participants. Furthermore, the Flame Divine Hall’s vice hall master was present and had guaranteed their safe entry into Heaven Screen Mountain, so they had come.

Upon arriving, these two immediately rushed to this location. Although the devil expert arrived first, he found that with his own power, he was unable to trigger the senses of the underground devil corpses or open this underground world.

Later on, when the Blood expert arrived, the two initially clashed, but they quickly realized that if they wanted to open the underground world, they had to work together.

As a result, the two of them swore on their blood and soul that they wouldn’t attack each other before leaving Heaven Screen Mountain. Although both the Blood race and devil race were extremely brutal, they didn’t dare to betray this kind of blood oath.

After making this oath, they started working together, and it took them several days before they managed to activate the underground passageway.

Doing so had exhausted quite a bit of their energy. Otherwise, Long Chen wouldn’t have been able to dominate them easily.

The two of them were quite unlucky. As soon as they managed to open the underground world, even before the passageway formed, Long Chen arrived, and the three of them ended up in the underground world. However, none of them had expected there to be some mysterious crystal binding these eight corpses.

The two of them wanted to break the crystal, but how could Long Chen possibly give them that chance? Seeing Long Chen coming over, both the Blood expert and the devil expert started to sweat.

Suddenly, a wave of divine sense passed through them, exploding within all three of their souls. Long Chen’s head buzzed, and his soul almost shattered.

“Merge with our blood souls and break the Heavenly Eye Seal! Our power is yours!”

“Shit!” Long Chen’s expression changed as this divine sense came from those corpses. Having been sealed by the violet crystal, they wanted to borrow the power of these two Heavenly Chosens to break free.

If they succeeded and the two of them merged with the eight corpses, Long Chen really would be ripped into eight pieces.

“I have to stop them!” Long Chen shot toward the Blood expert with his lightning wings. When six Split the Heaven runes lit up on Evilmoon, Long Chen swung it at the Blood expert’s head.

Just as Long Chen’s saber was about to land, the corpse behind the Blood expert raised its hands, protecting the Blood expert.

BOOM!

Evilmoon slammed into its hands, and a heaven-shaking explosion erupted. Because of the impact, Long Chen’s hands were turned into a bloody pulp, and Evilmoon flew out of his grasp.

“Hahaha, Long Chen, just wait for your death! I’ll let you experience what it feels like to be ripped into eight pieces!” the Blood expert laughed.

Long Chen had no time to be angry. He lunged at the devil expert, but the devil corpses behind the two experts opened their mouths and swallowed them before Long Chen could reach them.

After that, two Heavenly Fate Disks appeared behind the heads of those two corpses. Long Chen’s expression completely changed. They had finished the merger so quickly. If these two corpses came back to life by relying on the Heavenly Fate Disks, everything would be over.

Just as Long Chen was pondering what he could do to stop them, the space around him twisted, and he was instantly transported within the violet crystal.

1. Dismemberment by five horses (五馬分屍), or chelie (車裂, lit. 'chariot-splitting'), was an execution method used in ancient China that involved tying horses or chariots to the condemned's four limbs and neck and then violently pulling them apart by having the horses set off in different directions ☜