Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4906: Mo Nian’s Crisis

Through the violet crystal heavenly eye, Long Chen beheld a colossal figure, so immense that its shoulders surpassed the clouds. It possessed a pair of black wings covered in cryptic runes.

Ripples were coming from it, constantly scouring against heaven and earth, crushing the laws of the Heavenly Daos. The earth lay in ruins, and the ecosystem in its surroundings had collapsed.

It was within this ruined world that Long Chen saw Mo Nian’s figure. Mo Nian was holding a chain, which was tied to that figure’s back.

This was a giant headless corpse. Although Long Chen was too far to sense its Blood Qi fluctuations, from the runes on its wings, he could guess that it was a devil corpse.

A devil corpse with no head and Mo Nian was holding onto it with a chain… everything indicated that this was precisely the immemorial devil whose head the Devil Fall City was suppressing.

Mo Nian was pulling on the chain with all his power, but there were flames around him, attacking him.

“It’s Huo Qianwu!”

Long Chen was shocked. He hastily took out his transportation formation disc and started rushing over. He knew that something had happened on Mo Nian’s side. He had never expected Huo Qianwu to find Mo Nian.

BOOM!

Suddenly, Long Chen stopped his transportation midway, as the space twisted and a giant hole appeared. Long Chen then swung Evilmoon at it. When Evilmoon tore through the void, Long Chen came flying out of a spatial crack.

After being transported to this place, Long Chen was almost sucked into the chaotic flow of space under the wild spatial twisting. Fortunately, he was prepared and immediately escaped the vortex.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

With his transportation interrupted, Long Chen had no choice but to fly with his lightning wings. The fact that the spatial twisting was so strong that it interrupted his transportation meant that he was not that far away.

The world was shaking, and the laws of the ten thousand Daos were in chaos. As Long Chen sped through this chaotic space, a terrifying pressure crashed into him like roaring waves.

“Just what kind of existence is this devil corpse?! Its pressure is even more terrifying than that of those pre-Emperors!” exclaimed Long Chen in shock. He had no choice but to summon the Dragon Blood Battle Armor, or the pressure would prevent him from charging over.

“This devil corpse was a true Emperor when it was alive. Although it’s been dead for countless years, its remnant Emperor pressure isn’t something those pre-Emperors can compare to,” answered the Earth Cauldron.

At this moment, Long Chen saw the corpse with his naked eye, along with a roaring blaze dragon. Huo Qianwu’s Blaze Dragon Bone Whip was attacking Mo Nian.

Holding a chain with one hand, Mo Nian was pulling the corpse with all his might. In his other hand, he brandished a bone shield, its material and origin shrouded in mystery. Carved with nine snake heads and coated in golden hue, the shield stood as a formidable defense against the onslaught of the Blaze Dragon Bone Whip. Each of their collisions produced a thunderous clash.

This golden bone shield was also a priceless treasure considering that it was capable of withstanding the attacks of the Blaze Dragon Bone Whip. However, Huo Qianwu’s relentless attacks still caused blood to trickle out of Mo Nian’s mouth.

As the golden shield deflected another strike from the Blaze Dragon Bone Whip, a black snake head stealthily emerged, only to be thwarted by the shield’s impenetrable defense.

“Let’s see how long you can last,” said a man with two wings on his back and overwhelming devil qi.

The black snake head was the manifestation of his spear. Most shocking of all, his aura and appearance were similar to those of the giant corpse. He also had a Heavenly Fate Disk behind him.

“Bastards, if it weren't for this damned corpse, I'd have crushed you both myself!” Mo Nian’s voice thundered with fury.

As the chain in Mo Nian’s grasp quivered, his expression changed. He hastily applied a talisman to the chain, but before he could complete the action, Huo Qianwu and the devil expert launched a coordinated attack, thwarting his efforts.

Actually, Mo Nian's priority upon arrival was to seal the corpse. However, with his power, there was no way he could seal an Emperor-level corpse.

However, Mo Nian had his own means. The corpse bore an arrow embedded with an Emperor divine rune, the very rune responsible for suppressing it for countless years.

Mo Nian had previously attempted to replicate this rune, only to be cursed as a consequence. Although he fled before the curse activated, he knew he couldn’t handle a trace of an Emperor’s curse, so he immediately ran to find Long Chen.

With his experience from that time, Mo Nian managed to copy the Emperor Dao divine rune and draw his own imitation of it. It went without saying that Mo Nian had experience in this regard. The talismans he inscribed with this technique were extremely strong, perhaps not much weaker than Xia Chen’s. After all, he relied on this skill to survive.

Yet, in the end, Mo Nian was still limited by his cultivation base, so there was no way for him to make a true Emperor-level rune. However, that wasn’t a problem for him either. If he couldn’t keep up in terms of quality, he’d make up for it in quantity.

Mo Nian painstakingly crafted over ten thousand talismans, employing a specialized formation technique to stick them onto the corpse. All of this was to create a seal in place of that arrow.

Having risked his life twice to come here, Mo Nian wanted to get these two treasures: the Emperor rune arrow and this headless corpse. Unfortunately, unlike Long Chen, Mo Nian didn’t have the primal chaos space. So, he harbored no intention of using the corpse as fertilizer; instead, he aimed to refine it into his personal puppet.

If Mo Nian could refine this terrifying devil corpse into a puppet, just who could possibly compete with him? It went without saying that just like Long Chen, Mo Nian’s guts were enormous. Someone with crazy ideas like them always played big.

Despite knowing that taking this corpse would be incredibly difficult, Mo Nian was too excited, unable to resist the temptation.

Unexpectedly, just as Mo Nian extracted the arrow suppressing it, a Heavenly Chosen of the devil race suddenly appeared. This devil expert was a descendant of the devil corpse and wanted to take the corpse for himself.

Naturally, Mo Nian had set up defenses when he got there. As the first to reach the site, he meticulously arranged an illusion formation for defense. The devil expert stumbled through this maze of illusions for several days before realizing the deception and breaking free. Upon discovering Mo Nian extracting the arrow, the devil expert directly launched an attack at a critical juncture.

As Mo Nian had just extracted the arrow, the corpse’s aura grew unstable, and the devil expert’s attack accelerated the awakening of the corpse. Urgently, Mo Nian employed a chain to restrain the devil corpse, intending to swiftly dispatch the devil expert before subduing the awakened corpse.

Unexpectedly, this devil expert was a powerful Heavenly Chosen, so Mo Nian couldn’t kill him in such a short time. The disturbance then ended up drawing over Huo Qianwu, who immediately interfered without a word.

Facing the combined might of the devil expert and Huo Qianwu, Mo Nian was immediately overpowered. He would need to unleash his full power against them, but if he did so, the corpse would fully awaken.

To keep the corpse under control, Mo Nian had to place more of his imitation Emperor Dao talismans. Yet, his efforts were thwarted by the two Heavenly Chosens. As the corpse’s aura surged and his chain was on the brink of collapse, Mo Nian started to panic. After all, this wasn’t about his own ambitions anymore; it was intertwined with Xing Wujiang’s fate. He couldn't afford to fail under any circumstances. Yet, despite his efforts, he could only watch helplessly as things spiraled out of control.

BOOM!

Just then, a kick sent Huo Qianwu flying, and an icy voice rang out.

“Take off your clothes!”