Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 4938: Heavenly Desolation Domain

The Heavenly Desolation earned its name not because it was a land of desolation or wilderness, but because it was surrounded by water on three sides, with entry only possible from one direction.

The sea it bordered was no ordinary sea; it was the devil sea. Legend had it that all devil seas within the nine heavens were connected.

When the world barriers faded, experts could use the devil sea to roam through the nine heavens and ten lands. Of course, they had to first survive the attacks of terrifying sea demons and devils that lay deep within the sea. At least up until now, there had yet to be a person capable of traversing the devil sea freely.

Long Chen himself had crossed the devil sea several times, and every time, he encountered some kind of danger. Even though he always managed to get through it safely, he somewhat feared the boundless and mysterious devil sea.

After all, no one knew what kind of existence lay hidden beneath its depths. At any moment, a giant mouth might come out of the water and devour them.

For example, the sea whale that Long Chen encountered was comparable to an entire world. If it wanted to devour someone, perhaps even an Emperor would turn into whale poop.

Somewhere else, Long Chen might have been reckless enough to cross the devil sea. But here, he chose the safer option and entered from the regular entrance.

The Heavenly Desolation was not a wilderness; in fact, it was quite populated. Long Chen saw all kinds of cultivators here—some riding carriages, some on mounts or birds, and others traveling on foot.

By the time Long Chen arrived at the border of the Heavenly Desolation, half a month had passed. The journey had been extremely arduous, requiring him to bypass several regions inhabited by devil creatures along the way. Even Long Chen had to exercise caution, as he couldn’t afford to disturb the terrifying devil creatures within.

After all, during the journey, Long Chen had felt a hair-raising danger several times. The fluctuations in those regions made Long Chen certain that there were beings on par with the vice hall master there.

Although the trip was a bit delayed, reaching this place in half a month was still according to plan.

In truth, Long Chen could have gone to some cities and used their transportation formations to cut the time in half. However, he hadn’t done so.

Having killed the vice hall master, Long Chen and Mo Nian could be said to have done something major. The Flame Divine Hall was undoubtedly enraged, and they would have their spies stationed throughout the cities to keep an eye on both of them. Long Chen wasn’t necessarily afraid of them, but he deemed it unnecessary to waste time dealing with them.

Other than that, he came here for the Nirvanic Charge Pill’s ingredients. It would be best to keep his goal a bit more secretive, lest it might affect his mission.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The border of the Heavenly Desolation was a mountain range so high that the peaks were shrouded by clouds. However, a giant opening at the center served as a natural gate, and travelers always chose to come and go from there.

Due to the towering height of the mountains, travelers would have to brace against fierce astral winds if they attempted to pass over the mountains. Such a journey would only deplete their energy for nothing.

The great aspect of this natural gate was its free entry and exit. No one was taking a fee or checking someone’s status there.

Although a few people were guarding this place at all times, they were merely tasked to protect the transportation formations. If someone wanted to quickly reach the first city inside the Heavenly Desolation, they could pay the fee and save half a day of travel.

Of course, if they didn’t want to use it, no one would force them to. This transportation formation was for people who wanted to save time, and anyone coming to the Heavenly Desolation Domain for the first time would choose to walk instead.

The Sovereign Emperor Heaven had many regions with special lands. These lands exhibited distinct natural laws compared to the rest of the world.

By walking through this place, they could slowly adapt to the laws here. Otherwise, an abrupt entry might trigger a strong reaction, especially for those sensitive to such changes

When Long Chen, cloaked in black robes, walked into the Heavenly Desolation Domain, he quivered ever so slightly. The seven-color Supreme Blood in him stirred, becoming exceptionally lively.

“It seems that the Heavenly Desolation Domain really is hiding some secret. My father didn’t come here for no reason.”

Sensing the sudden activity of his seven-color Supreme Blood, Long Chen realized the undeniable connection between himself and the Long clan. After all, this bloodline originated from the Long clan.

However, despite this lineage, Long Chen felt an immense distaste for it. He wished his father had been a normal commoner, sparing him the ties to such a rotten family.

“Hey, little brother, is this your first time coming to the Heavenly Desolation Domain? Are you here to see family or to adventure?” A stranger approached Long Chen the moment he arrived.

Long Chen suspected this guy to be a scammer, so he ignored him. Seeing that Long Chen was alone and seemed young, this guy had likely thought that Long Chen was a novice to the world. If Long Chen put on a confused or nervous expression, this guy would immediately drag him into a pitfall, where he’d be conned out of everything—even his life.

Such a thing was far too common. Scammers were all hateful, but they were also an important part of this world’s iron law: the weak were prey to the strong. A normal person’s growth included a history of being scammed.

Long Chen remembered something that Mo Nian had said once on the Martial Heaven Continent. “The ones lacking experience are us. We still can’t leave our homes and roam the world on our own. Scammers are hateful, but once someone is scammed and grows up, the first thing they’ll do is cut down the people that scammed them.”

Another person ran over to Long Chen, waving to him passionately. “Brother, I see that you are very talented! I happen to have a secret backdoor to the Long clan. If you do well, perhaps you can become one of the Long clan’s outer disciples!”

This person wore white robes with a dragon design on his sleeves and collar—the specific sign of the Long clan’s disciples. His robes were identical to those of the Long clan disciples guarding the transportation formation.

However, with just a glance, Long Chen could tell that this guy was a scammer. What was on his robes was not a dragon but a drake.

Long Chen had been disregarding the scammers, but when the individual suggested that Long Chen could potentially become an outer disciple of the Long clan if he performed well, Long Chen couldn’t contain his laughter.

Becoming an outer disciple of the Long clan? That was a hilarious joke.

Seeing Long Chen’s laughter, the person mistook it for genuine interest and swiftly proceeded to the next phase of his scheme. He discreetly covered his mouth and approached Long Chen. “Brother, we have a connection with the Long clan. Do you see those disciples around the transportation formation?”

Long Chen couldn’t help but ask, “They’re people you sent in?”

“Of course. Three of them were sent in by me, but the rest aren’t. They relied on their own power to get in. Brother, I can see that you’re talented. Your cultivation base is also decent, yet you still haven’t met the requirements to become an outer disciple. However, through our connections, we can help you get in. What do you think?”

Hearing this, Long Chen smiled. This fellow was probing just how much money Long Chen had, still figuring out the right price to hook Long Chen in.

This scammer’s cultivation base was in the fifth Heavenstage of the Divine Venerate realm. However, his aura was so weak that he might not be able to win against some fifth Heavenstage World Kings. It was obvious that he had relied on inferior pills to overdraft his future potential and forcibly increase his realm.

In other words, this realm was the scammer’s limit, and he wouldn’t be able to make the slightest improvement for the rest of his life. It was no wonder he would choose to become a scammer.

Long Chen was about to reply when several of the disciples of the Long clan walked over, surrounding Long Chen and the scammer.