

They received a report that August was engaged in battle with the magicians.

Moreover, these magicians were far stronger than any they had faced before.

What on earth was happening!?

"Hey! What's going on with the fight against the magicians? Or more importantly, where are you right now?"

"We've been battling catastrophic-class magical beasts flooding out of the old imperial capital! While trying to subdue them, the magicians appeared!"

From the old imperial capital!?

Just as I suspected!

"Darn it! So Strom didn't stop his experiments with magical beasts, after all!"

"Ah! That's right! Magical beast experiments! Strom came to Arlsheid for that purpose! Why did I forget that?"

"I forgot too. There were successive invasions by the magicians and various other events after that. More importantly, we've already calmed the situation here, so I'm heading your way! Where should I go?"

"Please! The Arlsheid Army's deployment site! Do you understand?"

"Yeah!"

"In that case, I'll ask you to come quickly! We won't lose, but the battle might not end. Our soldiers could suffer if we don't get there in time!"

"Got it!"

After ending the radio communication with August, Shin turned to Grandpa and Ekaterina.

"So, I'm sorry, but can we stop Ekaterina's treatment here?"

"Yes. I'm almost completely healed. Thank you. But please, head to the scene quickly."

"Sure! Well, Grandpa, I'm off!"

"Yes, take care."

After addressing the two of them, Shin immediately tried to open a gate. But where was the nearest location? He thought for a moment.

"Umm... Oh! Over there!"

The location where the Arlsheid Army and the combined forces of various nations clashed in battle.

That was the closest place.

Shin quickly connected the gate and hurriedly went through it.

"Another attack by new magicians... I suppose there's no hope of a ceasefire declaration."

"That's right. More than that, I'm concerned about the magicians who have been quiet until now suddenly becoming active."

After Shin rushed through the gate and left, Ekaterina and Merlin, who remained behind, exchanged serious words.

The failure of their plan so close to the ceasefire declaration was naturally painful, but they were more suspicious of the sudden increase in the activity of the magicians.

"If Shin's hypothesis is correct, that the messenger from Darm attacked me and tried to turn me into a magician..."

"Everything seems to be part of the magicians' plan. What on earth are they thinking?"

Magicians generally don't turn into magicians even if they harbor strong resentment or hatred. Moreover, Darm's messenger was an ordinary person.

So, if they attempted to transform him into a magician, it was likely that, as Shin had suggested, they were forcibly turning him into one. And at the same time, there was a massive emergence of catastrophic-class magical beasts and the appearance of the magicians themselves.

The intent behind this...

"I see. It's a division of forces and a reduction of threats."

"So, in other words, they let Shin come this way and tried to kill the children of the Ultimate Magicians in the meantime?"

"Probably that's the idea. The timing is just too perfect."

"Yes, it seems so..."

Ekaterina, who had become the bait to lure Shin, regretted it now, after the fact. She realized that all of this could have been avoided if she hadn't been stabbed.

"Really... Instead of being helpful to those kids, we've just been a burden, haven't we?"

The complacency brought on by the way their nation, Ys, perceived Darm and the tolerance they showed for its atrocities, all contributed to the current situation where the children were in danger. Ekaterina felt regret and embarrassment about it.

"Don't be too pessimistic. Perhaps even that complacency was part of their calculations."

"Do you really think so?"

Merlin comforted Ekaterina, who was wallowing in self-disgust, but when he considered the possibility that even Ys's arrogance might have been taken into account, a shiver ran down his spine.

"Anyway, for now, we can only pray that Shin will defeat the magicians."

"By the way, Teacher, you didn't have to go? If it's a battle against the magicians, you would have charged forward in the past, right?"

As someone who knew Merlin from when he was in his midlife, even though he was younger than he is now, Ekaterina found it strange.

"Do you have me pegged as some sort of battle maniac?"

"Huh? Aren't you?"

Ekaterina wore an expression that seemed to say, "What are you talking about?" when she heard Merlin's explanation.

In response to Ekaterina's reaction, Merlin, though a vein throbbed on his temple, went on to explain the reasons for not going with Shin.

"Well... I'd probably just get in the way."

"Teacher, get in the way?!"

Ekaterina couldn't believe Merlin's words. The image of Merlin's overwhelming magic was still vivid in her mind. Having never directly witnessed a battle involving the Ultimate Magicians, she couldn't help but think of Merlin as the strongest magician.

"My power is not much different from Prince August. If he's struggling, there's little I can do to help."

"But... Teacher, there's a difference in experience between you and Prince August, isn't there?"

Ekaterina couldn't imagine a scenario where Merlin would be a hindrance. So she insisted a bit.

"Sure, if Shin wasn't there, I might have gone to help."

"Then why?"

Why did he consider himself a hindrance?

To Ekaterina's question, Merlin answered succinctly.

"This time, Shin is there."

Even though he was her grandfather, Merlin couldn't help but acknowledge Shin's extraordinary talents. He suspected that Shin hadn't even shown his full power. When he considered this, he felt that he wouldn't be of much help to Shin.

"The hierarchy among the Ultimate Magicians, you see, has an insurmountable gap between the top and the second-in-command."

"...So, you mean that you, as the second-in-command, are not on par with Prince August, and there's a considerable gap between you and Shin as well?"

"It's not quite like that. That boy is the one who was dispatched. It's not my place to go. Besides..."

"Besides?"

"Shin didn't ask me to come with him. Probably, he wants me to look after Kache."

Ekaterina hadn't considered Shin's intentions to that extent, and her eyes widened in surprise.

"Is that such a surprising thing?"

"Yes, because while Shin and I have some acquaintance, I don't think we have a relationship where he'd be that concerned..."

"Actually, after Kache returned from their birthday party, he mentioned it."

Ekaterina was both surprised and relieved to learn that Merlin had told Shin about his dilemma of whether to speak.

But how does all of this connect?

"In that conversation," Merlin continued, "Kache told me that she was supposed to be our adopted daughter."

"Yes, she did," Ekaterina acknowledged, recalling their past, a love they had pledged to nurture into the future but had forever lost.

Merlin, who was supposed to be her father, though it hadn't come to pass, reminded Ekaterina of the unfulfilled relationship, causing her heart to feel somewhat heavy.

"So, he wanted me to look after our adopted daughter."

"Ahh..."

Suddenly, Merlin's expression softened, and he gently stroked Ekaterina's head. His demeanor was that of a father worrying about his daughter.

"Don't worry, Shin will come back after defeating the demons. So, Kache, please rest and recover slowly."

"Father..."

While they couldn't become father and daughter in reality, it seemed that they had already become so in their hearts. After over a decade, Ekaterina, who had returned to this relationship, couldn't hold back her tears.

"You're still such a crybaby."

"What you did just now was unfair, Teacher."

"Ha, well. Now, as Shin probably told you, even though the treatment is over, your health is far from perfect. Take it easy."

"But... I can't just sleep while we're in this situation..."

"Why don't you have Merida come to take care of you as well?"

"I'll go to bed right away! Yes! So, please, Teacher!"

"You're really scared of Merida, aren't you..."

"I don't know of any fear greater than that of my Teacher!"

"Well, that's certainly true..."

In the conversation from earlier, Merida was supposed to become Ekaterina's stepmother, but for Ekaterina, she was more of a fearsome teacher than a stepmother. This was a shared understanding between Ekaterina and Merlin, and they exchanged smiles.

"I've been quiet because Teacher's lectures are terrifying. But now, with just this..."

"Hmm?"

Ekaterina folded her hands in front of her chest. She imbued her words with magical power, almost as if to send them to the gods.

"May Shin be blessed by the gods..."

Her demeanor was so divine that if any true believer saw her, they might involuntarily kneel and worship.

"Will it really work, though?"

"Teacher... please don't say such absurd things," Ekaterina responded, but it seemed to have little effect on the atheist Merlin.

"If it's over, get some sleep. I'll bring Merida here later," Merlin chuckled. Ekaterina asked hesitantly, "Won't she be angry?"

"Only if you're not sleeping quietly."

With a comforting smile from Merlin, Ekaterina felt secure like a child and drifted off to sleep.

After ending communication with Shin, August quickly returned to the front lines.

"Your Highness! How did it go?"

August's response relieved Thor, but he quickly tightened his expression so as not to let the enemy sense his relief.

"Also, this continuous activation of defensive magic is quite helpful. If only it could remain active permanently..."

"There's nothing we can do. As long as these are magical tools, they won't activate without 'consciously' channeling magic into them."

Shin believed that these tools would activate once he channeled magic into them, but in reality, it didn't work that way. If magical tools activated solely by sensing magic, accidents due to misfires would be constant. Magical tools only activated when the user 'consciously' channeled magic into them.

So why did Shin have such a misunderstanding? It was largely due to the knowledge from his past life. Shin had a tendency to equate channeling magic into these tools with 'electricity.' In the world of electronic devices, once electricity was provided, they operated regardless of the user's intent. Shin assumed these magical tools operated similarly, thinking that as long as he was wearing his combat gear, the Ultimate Magicians wouldn't be harmed. But in reality, once he tried to initiate an attack, the conscious effort of channeling magic into the tools was disrupted, causing the defensive magic to waver.

The demons skillfully seized these moments to launch attacks. To counter, August's group had to interrupt their attack spells and focus on their defensive magic, putting them in a deadlock. It had become a frustrating standoff for both sides, but the demons appeared more anxious about this situation.

The demons perceived Shin as the only threat. They considered the others to be on their level. Besides, they were former soldiers and didn't expect to lag behind August and his fellow students who were still in training. However, to their surprise, August's group possessed these troublesome magical tools with formidable defensive spells, making it impossible for the demons to inflict any damage. Frustrated by the situation, the demons spotted something of interest.

Once they identified their target, the demons quickly distanced themselves from August's group. Suddenly, they cast a spell in the direction of the day after tomorrow.

"Damn it!"

The location where the spell was cast happened to be where the Earlshide military was monitoring the battle from behind. The soldiers who were abruptly faced with the demons' magic were in disarray, even though the magic division rushed to deploy defensive spells. The demons' magic landed among the soldiers, despite the weakening from the defensive spells. As a result, numerous soldiers were severely injured.

"Damn! Claude, I'm sorry! Please take care of them!"

"Yes!"

While Sicily was initially participating in the battle as an Ultimate Magician, the large number of casualties led her to cease her involvement and rush to the injured soldiers. When she arrived, she was met with an unexpected sight.

"Big sister!"

"Sicily... I'm sorry, I messed up."

In her rush to help her injured sister, Sicily used healing magic desperately. It wasn't so much about family favoritism, but Cecilia was gravely injured. Although she hadn't lost any limbs, her skin was scorched, and her arm was bent in an unnatural direction. The injuries were so severe that if left untreated, they could be fatal. Sicily, overwhelmed by her love for her sister, applied healing magic without reservation.

The circumstances made it seem like their family member was on the brink of death, and it might not be an unreasonable assessment. However, this intense focus on healing prevented Sicily from paying attention to her surroundings.

"Claude, defend!"

Sicily, startled by August's shout, looked back and saw another magical attack from the demons coming towards them.

A moment ago, the mage who deployed defensive magic was injured and collapsed, though not as severely as Cecilia. Sicily was exerting all her power to heal Cecilia, meaning there was no one around Sicily who could cast defensive magic.

"Oh..."

Sicily watched the oncoming magic spell in slow motion. It happened so suddenly that her body didn't react in time to move. In Sicily's perception, she could only watch the magic approaching slowly. She felt it was too late.

As she saw the magic closing in, thoughts of Shin filled Sicily's mind. He was the first person she had ever loved. Memories of their time together rushed back – the fun, the joy, and the embarrassment. These memories welled up in Sicily's mind, and tears overflowed from her eyes. She felt that this was the end, that she was about to be forever separated from Shin.

Refusing this instinctively, Sicily unconsciously called out his name.

"Shin-kun!"

After Sicily shouted and squeezed her eyes shut... the demon's magic hit.

With her eyes tightly closed, Sicily didn't feel any impact even though the magic had landed. Puzzled by this, she cautiously opened her eyes. What she saw was...

"Ah... A-Ah..."

The figure before her eyes was...

"Sicily, are you alright?"

It was the person she had been thinking of just a moment ago, her beloved.

"I see them!"

After passing through the gate and using full-speed flight magic to reach the battlefield, Shin witnessed what was happening. Fortunately, there were no houses around, or else the shockwave from his speed would have blown them away. Shin had arrived on the battlefield quite early, and what he saw was demons preparing to cast magic at the Earlshide army that had retreated to the rear.

"Darn it! They are indeed targeting me after all!"

Based on what Ogre had told him, it seemed as if both sides had reached a deadlock. However, Shin had been concerned that the frustrated demons might redirect their aggression towards the soldiers.

That's when it happened...

"Hey! Isn't that Sicily at the end of that magic spell?"

But Sicily, who was completely absorbed in healing someone, didn't seem to notice the magic about to be unleashed.

"Damn it! I need to make it in time!"

I sped up even more, activating parallel Magic Barriers while standing between Sicily and the approaching magic spell.

Just as the magic of the demons struck the Magic Barrier, it would have been too late if I had activated my defensive magic after it hit. I truly made it at the last moment!

"Sicily, are you alright?"

After blocking the magic, I turned around and called out to Sicily. She appeared dazed for a moment and then broke into tears, her face contorting in anguish.

"Shin-kun... Shin-kun! Ugh, Shin-kun!"

Sicily clung to me, sobbing uncontrollably.

"Look, you're safe now because I'm here."

"Big Sister was injured, and I thought I had to save her, but then the magic... I thought it was all over, I thought I wouldn't see Shin-kun again!"

"Huh?"

Big Sister was injured? Could it be that she was the one Sicily was healing earlier?

"Huh?! Miss Cecilia!"

"Oh my, Shin-kun, you've seen me at my worst."

It seemed that Sicily had only just started to cast her healing magic. Cecilia, who was severely burned, lay there weakly.

"Oh, Big Sister. Let me heal you!"

Weakened, Sicily detached herself from my chest to help treat Cecilia. However, considering Sicily's current emotional state, it might be better to wait a bit.

"Sicily, I'll take care of it."

"Shin-kun..."

I cast healing magic towards Cecilia. Not only did she have burns, but her arm was also broken.

"What's this?"

Cecilia, watching herself heal rapidly, had her eyes wide open.

As the healing was complete, Cecilia got up.

"This is amazing... Just as Sicily said."

Cecilia stood up and checked her body by touching different parts of it. It seemed that the treatment had gone well.

Looking around, it appeared that Cecilia was the only one who required immediate medical attention.

After confirming this, I called out to the still dazed Sicily.

"Sicily? Cecilia is okay now."

"Shin-kun..."

"So, once you calm down a bit, could you please help treat the others?"

"Yes, of course!"

"Good girl."

I hugged Sicily tightly, patted her back, and ruffled her hair.

"Ah... I'm sorry, for losing my composure..."

"It's fine. Our real sister was severely injured. It can't be helped. More importantly, I have an important task ahead."

While saying this, I released Sicily, gathered magic power, and moved forward.

"I need to get revenge for hurting my dear Sicily and Sicily's precious family!"

I felt a level of anger I had never experienced before.