

"Hey, Wolfrord."

"What is it, Miranda?"

Miranda, a knight from the Knight Academy, who was standing beside me, called out to me.

"You mentioned it was an easy job, just teaching how to use magical tools, right?"

"I did."

"This... These numbers, how is this an easy job?"

Rows of knights lined up at the Training Grounds of the Military Bureau.

Their number, several hundreds.

"Even if it's the Allied Forces, this number... Unbelievable..."

Miranda muttered as she grumbled in front of several hundred regular knights. However, she seemed to have misunderstood something.

"What are you talking about, Miranda?"

"Huh? What?"

"This isn't the Allied Forces."

"What? Wait, you don't mean..."

"Yeah, these are all from Earlsheid."

"Is that a joke?"

"Similar-sized groups are from Elves, East, and West. A bit smaller are Swede, Darm, Karnan, and Kurt."

"Are you kidding me?"

Miranda broke down.

However, in Earlsheid alone, there are tens of thousands of knights and swordsmen. It's impossible to teach them all at once.

This training is essentially a lecture on how to use magical tools.

Once they learn it, they can teach their subordinates. Therefore, they had selected the first instructors, gathering several hundred commanders from all of Earlsheid.

And this is not the only time.

"Next is practical training. From each country."

"!!"

Miranda is lost for words.

She has been acting strange for a while now.

"What's wrong, Miranda?"

"Isn't it obvious, Shin? It's because we won't have any days off, right?"

This time, Tony, who was instructing the knights on how to use vibration swords, guessed Miranda's feelings.

"Oh, I see."

Since there are seven countries, they have to give lectures to all of them for one week.

After that, it's another week of practical training.

They have a two-week schedule with no rest in between.

If there were labor standards laws, this would be considered a black company with a two-week, 14-day work streak.

Naturally, complaints will arise.

"Sorry, Miranda. I didn't think about time off. I'll talk to the various countries and get some rest after the first week is over."

"I'm not saying that!"

"What!?"

"They did ask for a lecture on using vibration swords for the Allied Forces, didn't they? But I didn't expect this many people!"

Huh? Since it's the Allied Forces, isn't this number about right?

"Is it really that surprising? It's not all of the Allied Forces, so isn't this expected?"

Look, even Tony doesn't understand what Miranda is trying to say.

"Wolfrord, maybe, but Freid has lost it too!?"

"That's just cruel. You shouldn't lump me in with Shin."

"Tony, you're terrible!"

What do you mean by "lost it"?

Did I say something that crazy?

"Sigh... Neither of you gets it at all... Is it because you're treated as heroes?"

"What do you mean? I still think I'm pretty normal."

"Normal. Tony, you use vibration swords in addition to magic for close combat. In terms of attack power, you're the fourth seat, right?"

The second seat is Oug, and the third seat is Maria.

"No way?"

"Yes."

"...It's like a conversation from the heavens."

Miranda sighed in exasperation.

"You see, you might not understand this, as the first and fourth seats of the world-famous Ultimate Magicians, but I'm still a student at the Knight Academy."

We're still students at the Magic Academy, but...

"I'm a knight in training. I'm not even a fledgling yet. And yet..."

With those words, Miranda looked at the knights who had gathered to learn how to use vibration swords.

If they were gathering for the first session, it meant they were people in positions to instruct others based on what they learned here.

Those are squadron leaders.

"It's presumptuous of me to instruct people who are supposed to be my superiors! And there are so many of them, too! It's too much to handle!"

Ah, I see. They're all people who are, in essence, above Miranda as knights.

It's not that one or two would be fine, but she never thought she would be instructing so many people, not just from her own country but from other countries as well.

"Oh... My stomach hurts..."

"Are you okay? Shall I use healing magic on you?"

"Don't treat me like Shin's wife!"

But I see. From Miranda's perspective, everyone here is her future superior.

The knights from other countries are people far above her.

Teaching people like that is bound to cause stomachaches.

"Ah, sorry. I hadn't really thought about that."

"Exactly. That's what I thought."

After apologizing to Miranda, I was approached from a different direction.

"Oh, Chris-nee-chan, and Director Gastoel as well."

"Yes. I apologize for asking too much, Wolforde."

Chris-nee-chan and Dominik Gastoel, the Knight Order's Grandmaster and the Director of the Military Bureau, had come along.

"Huh? Chris-nee-chan, you're in the Royal Guard, right? Why are you here?"

Is Chris-nee-chan going to the battlefield too?

"It's because it's you. You didn't explain anything to Wallace, did you?"

"Rude, I did explain!"

"What did you say?"

"I told him it was just an easy job to teach how to use magical tools."

When I told her the whole story, Chris-nee-chan put her hand on her forehead and let out a deep sigh.

"Shin. You're different from everyone else, as someone who received guidance from the Wise, the Instructor, and the Sword Saint, whom even Director Gastoel and Lord Orglund can't match, aren't you?"

That's true, but... There must be a nicer way to say it, Hayden.

Director Gastoel, who was told he couldn't match my mentors, rubbed his temple and asked Chris-nee-chan to find another way to phrase it.

"It's not a fact, is it?"

"True, it's a fact. Anyway, it's fine... Oh well."

"Is it? Anyway, even if Wolforde has been receiving guidance from the Sword Saint recently, he's not even a member of the Knight Order yet. Shouldn't he be more considerate?"

Director Gastoel, who was easily brushed off by Chris-nee-chan, lowered his head.

Chris-nee-chan's treatment of the Director of the Military Bureau is quite casual.

Anyway, it's true that we might not have been considerate enough to Miranda.

"I'm sorry, Miranda."

"Hah... It's fine. Besides, everyone lining up here means they're all okay with it, right?"

"Is that so? Chris-nee-chan?"

"Is that so, Director?"

"Wolforde, never mind, but why are you the one with a question mark, Hayden...? That's right. We've already informed that the three of you, including Wolforde, will be teaching the use of the Vibrating Swords for the upcoming battle with the Demons."

Being here means they've heard that notice and lined up willingly.

"That's right, Miranda."

"Fine, fine, I get it now! We just have to teach them!"

"Don't worry, Wallace. I'm here because I thought it might be too much for you alone. Relax a bit."

"Yes! Thank you, Lady Christina!"

Miranda, who had been in despair just a moment ago, suddenly perked up upon hearing that Chris-nee-chan was joining. Well, it's better than turning blue from being crushed by pressure.

And so, the special training for the upcoming battle against Demons and Cataclysm-level magical beasts began.

"Hmm? Like this?"

"Yes, that's right. The difficulty lies in using the magic tool while swinging the sword. It's not a problem once you get used to it, but..."

"Ugh... my swordsmanship is so ingrained in my body that I end up deactivating the magic tool when I move."

"You'll get used to it with time."

Miranda, who was a little concerned, was surprisingly adept at teaching the knights how to use Vibrating Swords. However, many of the knights are struggling with using Vibrating Swords. People who become knights often lack the aptitude for magic in the first place. Some have the magical aptitude like Tony, but they seem to be confused when it comes to activating a magic tool while wielding a sword.

"Senior, that's not right. It should be like this."

"Why are you so good at this? How come?"

"I received the knife version of this from Shin a while ago, so I've used it quite a bit. I'm used to it."

Seeing Miranda struggling to instruct older knights on her own, Chris-nee-chan, surprisingly, showed great skill in handling the Vibrating Sword. This prompted the senior knights to take up their swords and try it out as well.

"Oh, that was it. It remained activated while I swung it properly."

"The hard part is just that. Another thing to watch out for is the impact from the sides."

"From the sides? Right, the sword used with this sword is a thin blade. If it's hit from the side..."

"Yes, it will easily break."

"I see. However, it might have been convenient that the standard equipment of the Arlsheid Army was changed to this Exchange Sword."

The standard equipment of the Arlsheid Army is the same as the one Tony and I are using, except for the sword part. Since we have the molds for the swords we use, we can mass-produce thin-bladed swords suitable for Vibrating Swords. Vibrating Swords don't need forging; they can be cast.

"Besides, His Majesty the Demon King is incredible. Managing this quantity of magical tools and making it in time for this training..."

"Yes, you're right. Honestly, he's an incomprehensible person in many ways. He's so amazing that I don't even feel jealous anymore."

Due to the massive order for this training, the Bean Workshop worked around the clock to prepare the thin swords for the Vibrating Swords. However, enchanting them with magic was my responsibility alone. Honestly, if I hadn't developed something after hearing Massita's story, I would have gone crazy. I enchanted so many of them.

"Wolforde, may I ask a question within your limits?"

"Of course."

It seems that instructing Director Gastol because it was too much for Tony and Miranda was my responsibility. The Director asked me a question.

"How did you manage to enchant this much within such a short period of time?"

"That's a secret."

It was a question I couldn't answer right away. The method for achieving mass enchantment in a short period of time is actually kept secret.

"You can't tell me?"

"Yes, it was strictly forbidden by my grandmother."

"I see. Then I won't ask. I'd rather you forget that question."

Not only the Director of the Magic Corps but even the Commander of the Knight Order. Just how scary is my grandmother?

"May I ask another question?"

"I don't know if I can answer it..."

"No, it's not against the intentions of the Archmage! Well, the question is about the other countries that will conduct training from tomorrow onwards."

"Other countries?"

"Yes. Can you apply enchantments to weapons from other countries at the same pace as the ones for our country's knights?"

Is this okay?

"Yes, it's possible."

"You're really amazing."

"It's not a big deal."

The factors that made it possible to enchant a large quantity in a short period.

The method inspired by Massita's story...

Creating a Transferal Enchantment Machine.

First, I inscribed the characters for "ultrasonic vibration," loaded with an image, onto a steel plate suitable for enchanting. Then, I connected this plate with another steel plate that had the concept of "transference" inscribed on it, using threads from a spider transformed into a monster as the "connection." When I pressed this assembly against a sword while activating the magic item...

The Vibrating Sword was completed.

This method is unique to the creation of magical items, where you don't directly write or carve the characters but use magic imbued with an image to write the characters and transfer them to the desired item.

When I created this Transferal Enchantment Machine, my grandmother was the most astonished she had ever been. And she told me in no uncertain terms to never reveal it, never let anyone see it. It was a terrifying memory.

However, I didn't need my grandmother to tell me that this tool, which was intended to be discarded after the battle with the demons, could easily mass-produce swords that "anyone" can easily cut iron with.

I had created a magical item that embodied my grandmother's greatest fear.

But not making this would mean we couldn't make it in time for the training, considering the situation. After the battle, my grandmother eventually gave her consent to discard it. When applying enchantments to swords from other countries, we'll set up a tent and station guards to ensure that no one sees. We can't afford to be observed.

Considering this, I realize that I can only participate in the training with the Arlsheid Knights in the beginning. Tony and Miranda will have to work hard for the rest. With their recent performance, I wonder if Chris might also become an asset?

In any case, my most important task this time is to provide Vibrating Swords for the knights of each country. I've already requested that each country prepare swords with thin blades, so obtaining the swords should be manageable. Oh, I should create a magical item with the effect of "enchantment removal" using the same method later. Massita really thought of everything.

Honestly, the biggest challenge in this operation was the mass production of Vibrating Swords itself.

And now that we have a plan in place, there's actually one more thing I need to consider.

That is...

"By the way, Waldford, I'm changing the subject, but... do you think you can beat Schtrom?"

That's exactly what I need to think about now.

"Well, I'm not sure... What do you think? When we fought in the guard station before, it seemed even, but..."

"Honestly... as adults, it's a great shame that we have to entrust the fate of the world to a sixteen-year-old."

Gastorl, the department head, looked genuinely apologetic.

"But, you're the only one with a chance of winning against Schtrom in this world right now. Please, give it your all."

With that, Gastorl, the department head, firmly grasped my hand.

"Department head... I understand. If I lose to Schtrom, it's not just a figure of speech; the world will really be destroyed. I won't let that happen."

There's no such thing as an absolute victory.

But, I deliberately used those words.

"I will absolutely win."

"...I see."

Gastorl, the department head, said only that and immediately began the training with the Vibrating Sword.

Part of me was driven by sheer determination when I said that, but what would I need to do to actually beat Schtrom?

Based on the sensation when we fought at the guard station, I don't think Schtrom was going all out.

Of course, I was also holding back in my use of magic, considering the collateral damage to the surroundings.

In other words, we both fought while hiding our true power.

This time, it's the demon territory, and the old imperial capital is the battlefield.

A city where no humans already reside.

We don't need to worry about collateral damage to the surroundings.

In all likelihood, it will be a battle with both of us giving it our all.

In that case, will my full power be enough to reach Schtrom's full power?

...I'm not really eager to do it, but maybe I should try that magic...

The directionality of the magic effect, my safety mechanism, has been established.

I need to try out that magic as well...

I also want to confirm one more thing. If it's verified, it should give us an advantage in the battle against Schtrom.

Both the new magic and the verification are not particularly exciting tasks, though...

It's better to try and avoid regret.

After this training is over, I decided to start the experiment and verification of that matter as part of our future plans.

The knights who participated in the training struggled to master the use of Vibrating Swords, but in the end, the only difficult part was swinging the sword while activating the magic tool.

If the only difficult thing is that, then seasoned knights quickly began to master the Vibrating Sword.

And then...

"All right. Have each of you become well-versed in the characteristics and usage of this sword?"

"Yes, sir!"

"Good. Now, return to your respective departments and teach your subordinates how to use this sword."

"Yes, sir!"

The training that began in the morning ended by midday, with everyone becoming proficient in using the swords. I then distributed the large number of swords I had provided.

Each person is responsible for checking and recording how many they have.

After everything is done, we will use this list to collect the swords and cancel the enchantments.

Everyone is on edge during this check.

Come to think of it, I haven't done much at all; I just managed the swords and informed Department Head Gastorl.

"I was really nervous, but it looks like it went well, right?"

"Yeah, that's right. Thanks to Lady Christina helping us out."

"In fact, I came along with Department Head Gastorl at Lady Melida's request."

Miranda breathed a sigh of relief, and Tony praised the suddenly participating Christina. Then, an unexpected statement came from Christina.

"Lady Melida's request? Why?"

For teaching how to use magic tools, we thought our group was sufficient.

"Because, Shin... Don't you realize..."

While saying this, Christina lowered her gaze to her sword and looked at me again.

"Starting from tomorrow, we have to perform hundreds, even thousands of enchantments every day. Do you think you can participate in the training?"

"Ugh... that does sound depressing..."

In reality, I've never seen or experienced such a scenario, but I'm guessing it will be like a manga scene where you stamp documents piled up in huge numbers one after another...

"In essence, it's just a lecture on how to use magic tools. If we obtain permission from other countries, those who have already learned it can also teach others. So, leave the instruction for the Vibrating Sword to us, and focus all your efforts on enchanting the magic tools."

"Yes."

It's not clear whether other countries would be willing to accept being taught by others, but it's the quickest option if they agree. I should give it a try.

As I'm pondering this, Miranda and Tony were looking at me and Christina.

"What's up?"

"You know, Walforde-kun and Lady Christina look just like siblings."

"I'm so jealous."

I see, Christina is even called the idol of the Knight Order. From the perspective of Miranda, a knight academy student, and Tony, a former knight, she must be an admired figure.

"That's right. I've been taking care of him for many years. It takes effort, but he's my dear little brother."

"Plus, you have Sieg-nii-chan."

"Jealous!"

When I mentioned having another brother, Miranda and Tony both expressed their envy, while Christina made a thoroughly displeased face.

"He's not a family member."

...They really don't get along well, do they?