

"Is that so?"

In the royal palace of the Kingdom of Arlsheid, King Diaseum, who is the ruler, expressed surprise to Merlin and Merida, who had come to visit the palace.

"Yes. In case we lose this battle, the world will come to an end."

"In that case, instead of just leaving it to the young ones, I thought we'd use every available force."

Merlin and Merida had come to make a proposal for the imminent final battle against the mage Oliver Strom.

Their proposal was...

"If Lord Merlin and Master Merida were to participate in the upcoming final battle, it would have significant implications for strengthening our forces and boosting the morale of the soldiers."

Both Merlin and Merida would join the final battle against Strom.

"Ho ho. Well, our motives might not be entirely pure."

"That's right. We absolutely cannot afford to lose. The reason we don't want to lose is..."

Merida said, smiling softly.

"I want to see my great-grandchild's face."

"Great-grandchild...?"

Merlin and Merida's grandson, Shin, and his fiancée, Sisley.

The two of them were very close, and if it weren't for the impending crisis of human survival, they might already be expecting a child.

But Shin, the most powerful mage in human history, not to mention his fiancée Sisley, was among the most powerful individuals in the human world.

For such powerful mages not to be on the battlefield represented a significant loss of power, which was unacceptable not only to Merida but also to the public.

So, until this battle was over, it would be impossible to see the face of Shin and Sisley's child, which was, above all, at stake in this fight.

Moreover, if they were to lose this battle, it would be a matter of human survival itself.

For the sake of seeing their great-grandchild's face, Merlin and Merida, who absolutely did not want to lose this battle, decided to join the fight at this point.

"In that case, perhaps we should also reach out to Michelle."

"That's right. Lately, it seems like he's been too focused on training his apprentices and hasn't been involved in actual combat."

Despite facing a battle that would determine the survival of humanity, Merlin and Merida showed no signs of apprehension.

"Shall we invite Michel for a picnic or something?" Merlin and Merida were discussing whether they should extend an invitation to Michel, the former head of the Knights' Order, with the casualness of such a suggestion.

King Diaseum observed the two of them with a nostalgic expression.

"I thought you'd become a doting grandparent, but you're still the same when it comes to battle, Lord Merlin."

"Hmm? What do you mean?"

"Don't you notice it?"

"What do you mean?"

When Diaseum and Merida pointed it out, Merlin had no idea what they were talking about.

Seeing Merlin's cluelessness, both Merida and Diaseum smiled wryly.

"Merlin, you're smiling."

"That face, I've seen it before. It's the face of a fierce hunter who enjoys battle."

"Hmm, is that so?"

Merlin scratched his head in response to their observations.

Although there might have been some physical decline compared to his prime, Merlin had made further progress in magic, inspired by Shin.

Once they announced the participation of these two in the battle, Diaseum couldn't help but feel excited about how the soldiers would react.

"Eh!? Grandpa and grandma are joining the battle!?"

"Is that so!?"

As soon as the grandfather and grandmother who had been to the royal palace returned home, they were hit with a shocking revelation.

It turns out, the grandpa and grandma would also participate in the upcoming final battle against Strom.

"What, you're saying that we shouldn't join the fight?"

"N-No, I didn't mean that, but... why all of a sudden?"

Until now, the grandfather and grandmother had never participated in the battles of the younger generation, even when we fought against mages. Well... when a mage we failed to defeat was approaching Arlsheid, they did help us clean up the mess...

But they had never been actively involved like this.

"Hmm, this time's battle is going to be a full-scale war against all the mages, right?"

"That's right."

"So, in other words, this battle is going to be the last one, right?"

"Well, yeah."

"If, by any chance, you were to lose this battle..."

"That would mean the end of humanity."

That's right. Each country is going to commit its maximum forces to this battle.

It's a battle we absolutely cannot afford to lose.

For that reason, we even lent the Vibration Sword.

If humanity's ultimate force were to be defeated, there would be no way left to stop the mages.

If we were to lose, it would mean the end of humanity.

I understand that, but...

"However, Grandpa and Grandma, you used to maintain a stance of 'current world issues should be solved by the current generation,' right? Why the sudden change?"

Yes, as Sicily points out, that's what I don't understand.

Even during last year's campaign to recapture the mages' territory, Grandpa and Grandma didn't actively participate. They only moved when we made a mistake at the very end, and Arlsheid was almost in danger.

So why is it?

"Because the idea that current world issues should be solved by the current generation hasn't changed."

Until now, we thought there was no way you would lose, especially with Shin's power. But this time, it won't be so easy, will it?

Certainly, regarding our biggest opponent in this battle, Strom, we can't say for sure that we'll win.

It's been over a year since we clashed in Arlsheid's training grounds, and during that time, Strom has amassed a large force of mages and disaster-class magical creatures.

It's possible that Strom's own power has also increased.

...If the mages need training... but this time, the mages are different from those we've faced before.

When I wasn't there, Oug and the others, who faced Strom, were almost defeated.

"Let's say that you lose. We will be plagued by tremendous regret."

"In that case, rather than regretting from the sidelines, we've decided to join the battle."

It's better to take action now than regret later. If there's a possibility of that happening, we won't choose the path of regret.

"And also..."

"Is there more?"

Even with the explanation now, it seems there's still a reason for Grandpa.

"Until now, I've taken a back seat, saying that young people should solve the problems, but to be honest, my body is itching."

"After holding back for so long, I want to let loose."

"That's an unbelievable reason!?"

Huh? What? Both of them have actually been restraining their desire to fight?

Wow... Grandpa has a completely different expression, a daring smile I've never seen before.

Where's the usual grandpa!?

"Both Grandpa and Grandma are indeed warriors. Just as I read in a book before. Impressive!"

"Huh?"

I was genuinely surprised by the combative attitude of Grandpa and Grandma, but it seemed that Sicily wasn't.

She looked at them with sparkling eyes, and she wasn't alone.

"Oh, Lord and Lady, our heroes... our heroes have returned!"

"Ah, how wonderful!"

Even the head butler, Mr. Steve, and the head maid, Ms. Marika, gazed at them with respect and admiration.

The other staff had similar reactions.

...Sorry, our family can't keep up with this level of enthusiasm.

However, judging by how everyone's spirits are lifting, the soldiers will likely have the same reaction. In fact, fighting alongside past heroes might boost their morale even more.

In that sense, Grandpa and Grandma's participation could have meaning, but there's one thing to be cautious about.

"Grandpa, Grandma."

"Hmm? What is it?"

"What's wrong?"

"...You're getting too excited; don't steal the accomplishments of others, okay?"

When I pointed that out...

"..."

They both averted their gazes with a huff.

"Hey! Are you really planning to go on a rampage!?"

"Well, isn't that just about right?"

"That's right. We'll handle the magical creatures while you take care of the mages. And then..."

Grandpa and Grandma affirmed their intention to go on a rampage.

Grandma seemed to have something else to say, though, and she alternated her gaze between me and Sicily, then smirked.

"When you return victorious, you'll show us your great-grandchild, alright? Got it?"

"Wait! W-What are you saying!?"

What's with that death flag-like statement! Seriously, stop it!

I was panicking because Grandma's words sounded like a death flag, but Sicily was more concerned about something else.

"G-Great-grandchild... Shin-kun's child... A boy would be nice, or maybe a girl at first? Wait, why 'at first'...?"

Sicily was daydreaming about something next to me, her face turning red as she squirmed.

...I wonder what that was about... It feels like the death flag has been avoided...

"A-Anyway, make sure not to get hurt, okay?"

"Ho ho, I've been in the capital for about a year, so I haven't been hunting magical creatures, but I should be fine."

"That's right. I can't imagine my defensive magic being broken by mere magical creatures."

He just said something that sounds like a flag again!

Enough already!

With that thought, I looked at Sicily next to me.

"What should we name it? Should we think about it together? Or should we listen to Grandpa and Grandma's opinions... but, well..."

Now, Sicily was lost in thought, seriously considering something.

Yeah.

I somehow felt like we had avoided that flag.

Well, these two will be just fine no matter what happens. With Grandpa and Grandma there, it won't take much time to eliminate the disaster-level magical creatures. So, the real issue is me.

There's not much time left until the decisive battle.

Maybe it's time to try that thing...