

"Hey, Mark, did you hear that loud noise just now?"

"Yeah, it's the testing range, right? It can get pretty loud there at times."

"I see."

While Yuri was conducting test firings of new attack magical tools at Bean Workshop's testing range, Mark and Olivia were in Mark's room. They weren't engaging in romantic activities; they were discussing their strategies for the upcoming battle against the demons.

"We need to come up with a strategy for fighting demons."

"What are our unique strengths?"

They were both puzzled by the instructions given by August. Originally, they had been part of the A-Class, which meant they were not lacking in talent. After all, they had passed the entrance exam for Earlshide's most prestigious High Magic Academy and were A-Class students. However, in a class where everyone, including Shin, was exceptionally talented, Mark and Olivia struggled to identify their unique strengths.

"I'd like to combine swordsmanship with my abilities."

"But wasn't that countered by Freid-kun?"

"You're right. Even Tony-san, who is much better at swordsmanship than me, couldn't make it work."

Mark, the heir of the prestigious Bean Workshop in Earlshide, naturally wanted to win by using something created in his own workshop. However, it was pointless if the most potent weapon, the Vibration Sword, couldn't hit its target. Even in the Ultimate Magicians, Tony, who excelled in swordsmanship, couldn't land a hit on the demons.

"In that case, we need to create new magical tools. But, you know, I'm not as brilliant as Wolford-kun, so I can't come up with ideas like that on a whim."

In the public eye, Shin was primarily recognized for his flashy magic and attack power, but Mark saw things differently. Mark was most impressed by Shin's wealth of ideas. It wasn't just about magical tool ideas but also the way he conceptualized magic use. They had never heard or thought of such things. Moreover, Shin continued to come up with new ideas.

"I wish I had Wolford-kun's intellect."

"You're still fine, Mark. I can't even see where to start."

Mark seemed to be heading in the direction of magical tools, but Olivia couldn't figure out her own unique strength.

"Mark, you're the son of a workshop owner, right? I'm... just the daughter of a popular diner."

Other than being the daughter of a famous diner, Olivia felt she had no unique qualities. What could a diner owner's daughter contribute on the battlefield? Should she cook or serve dishes? She thought about these things and shook her head to dismiss the foolish ideas.

"Besides, my father is the one who does the cooking... I'm just a waitress running around the hall..."

"Huh? Cooking? What are you talking about?"

"Oh, I've got it!"

As Mark expressed his confusion about Olivia abruptly talking about cooking during a discussion about combat, an idea popped into Olivia's head.

"This might be helpful for everyone!"

"Huh? Did you come up with something?"

"Yeah! How about this?"

Olivia shared her idea with Mark.

"Indeed... it's unique to you, and it could be helpful for everyone."

"Right? I'm so relieved I found my own unique trait..."

...

Mark was left speechless by Olivia's despondent words.

"Now it's up to you, Mark. What kind of magical tool will you create?"

"That's the problem. I think Yuri-san is likely working on creation-type magical tools, and I can't make anything better than the Vibration Sword for close combat..."

Mark thought he'd resolve this more quickly than Olivia because he had a clear direction, but he stumbled when it came to creating a magical tool. If it was a creation-type magical tool, he couldn't surpass Yuri, who was hailed as the "successor to the Master." But when it came to close combat magical tools, he couldn't even come up with something better than the Vibration Sword.

He was at an impasse.

"What do I do, what do I do?" Mark muttered to himself in despair.

It was then that Olivia casually murmured, "It would be nice if we could do both."

"Both? What do you mean by that..."

And at that moment, an idea popped into Mark's head.

"I see... this might work! This might really work!"

"Really!? That's great, Mark!"

"Yeah! Thanks to you, Olivia!"

Mark hugged Olivia, and if they were just childhood friends, Olivia would have turned bright red and become flustered. But Olivia was different.

"Yeah, that's great."

Saying that, Olivia patted Mark's back as she hugged him.

"I can't stay like this. I'm going to the workshop right away!"

"Yeah, I'll head home to practice too."

And so, Mark and Olivia, who had parted ways with nothing more than a final embrace, didn't engage in any affectionate moments. That day, Olivia was seen gracefully moving around the hall at the Stone Hearth Inn.

"Ugh."

"What's wrong, Maria, constipated?"

"I'm in excellent health!"

Maria, sitting on a tree stump in the forest, was contemplating. Miranda, a knight academy student, approached her. The two of them had been practically inseparable lately, and today they were in the forest for a monster hunt.

By conventional standards, it was unthinkable for girls who were only sixteen or seventeen years old to work for the Hunter Association. However, Miranda had gained fame during the recent operation to subdue the Demon Territory, and since then, she had been receiving training from Michelle, earning her the nickname "Disciple of the Sword Saint." Maria was no exception.

Nevertheless, Maria was currently troubled, and it was not surprising that Miranda was concerned.

"So, what's bothering you? Frankly, you're quite a pain."

"You're calling me a pain... to a friend..."

"It's a fact, so deal with it. Now, what's up?"

"I was told by His Highness to come up with countermeasures to fight against the demons..."

"Maria, the words that casually come out of your mouth are rather harsh."

Words coming from a female academy student included terms like the royal crown prince and the world-threatening demons. Despite being somewhat accustomed to it, thinking about it again, it was quite extraordinary.

"He told me to come up with countermeasures, but I have no idea what to do."

Here was another person who had lost sight of their own individuality.

"What? 'Valkyrie' doesn't know what to do in battle?"

"Don't call me that!"

"But, if Maria is struggling with combat, does that mean this next demon is really that dangerous?"

The battle for the survival of humanity against the demons, a threat to the world, would begin very soon. What the public knew was only that much.

When the game concept was proposed by Strom, they hadn't conveyed the information about battling with Strom's demon and how August's group struggled.

"You know, like, not losing but not winning either... kinda?"

"What do you mean?"

"We both lacked a decisive advantage, and it turned into a deadlock."

"I see."

"At that time, if Shin hadn't made it in time, we might have been wiped out."

"Wiped out..."

Miranda, who had been closely observing Maria's magic for a long time, couldn't believe those words. Maria was the third seat of the Ultimate Magicians. The fact that they might have been wiped out was hard for Miranda to fathom. It made her wonder if their final opponent in the decisive battle was really that formidable.

"We're running out of time, and I don't know what to do..."

Saying that, Maria looked into the forest.

"Miranda, a big one is coming."

"A big one?"

"Yeah, it's a bear... I think."

"A bear, huh?"

In that case, it shouldn't be a problem. With her jet boots and vibration sword, Miranda had become capable of dealing with bear-like demon monsters without Maria's support. This time, thanks to Maria's scouting magic, they had detected it in advance. If they could get ready and confront the bear demon, they should be able to defeat it without any issues.

The problem was that Maria, who usually wouldn't engage with bear-class demon monsters, was standing in a combat stance beside her.

"Hey, Maria."

"What's up?"

"Why are you standing right next to me?"

"Huh? Because I'm in combat stance."

"So... why are you in combat stance?"

Miranda questioned Maria, and while she didn't ask directly, she could guess what was going on.

"Is it because the monster is big?"

"…Yeah, it's a pretty big one."

"Just how big is it?"

Miranda couldn't help asking, even though she already knew.

"Well, I'd say... about the size of a disaster-class?"

As soon as Maria said that, a bear demon appeared from the bushes right in front of them.

"About that big?"

It was a large bear demon, about three meters tall. When it reached disaster-class, it could exceed five meters in size. That impressive bear demon with its huge physique had appeared right in front of them.

"Groooooaaaar!"

"Just as I thought!"

Though she had half-expected it, when facing a disaster-class demon monster by surprise, Miranda couldn't hide her surprise.

"Maria! Cover me!"

"Yeah, sure. Okay."

Maria lightly responded to Miranda's desperate plea. Sensing the release of magic from Maria, Miranda crouched down, ready to leap as soon as the spell struck. The flames of magic were cast upon the bear demon, and Miranda plunged into the bear demon with her jet boots. However...

"Hey, this isn't a bit weak, is it?"

Maria's magic didn't have the expected impact.

"I didn't want to go all out because it would have taken it down in one shot. I thought I'd save some for you."

"What a favor!"

Since they were here for combat training, it was fine to engage in battle with strong demons. However, this applied only up to large-sized demons. Disaster-class demons were never part of the plan.

Despite the initial miscalculation, Miranda was already airborne with her jet boots. She had chosen to follow through with this reckless strategy partly because of the complete trust she placed in Maria for backup if things got dicey.

Even if the spell hadn't demonstrated as much power as she'd hoped, it was Maria's magic. The bear demon, having sustained a fair amount of damage, realized Miranda's approach and swung its massive forelimb down at her.

"Hya!"

Just before the forelimb struck, Miranda boosted her jet boots and darted deeper into the bear's belly. Then...

"Oh! Oh... Raaaaah!"

In front of her, Miranda thrust her vibration sword into the bear's abdomen and activated her jet boots, not forward, but upwards. As a result, the bear demon was split in half from its abdomen up to its head.

With her vibration sword still in place, Miranda soared high into the air and, while gently using her jet boots, landed on the ground.

"Whoa, that was brutal!"

"Phew... This sword is incredible. I just cut that bear in half."

"Uh, it still has its lower half, so it's not exactly 'in half,' is it?"

"Oh, right. So... half in two, then?"

"I don't understand."

The atmosphere didn't seem like it could have been two girls defeating a disaster-class demon.

"It would be nice if the next battle is as easy as this... right?"

Maria said this much, then turned toward Miranda.

"Eh!"

She grabbed Miranda's shoulder.

"What, what is it?"

"Hehe, I just thought of something good."

"Huh? I've got a bad feeling about this..."

"Ufufufu."

On that day, deep in the woods, a girl's scream of "Noooo!" could be heard.

In the Royal Capital of Earlsheid lies the Church of the Creation God. While the Earlsheid Grand Cathedral is the most famous in the royal capital, a city as large as the capital would have more than one church. There is one church in each district, and they manage worship services, ceremonies, and operate attached medical facilities.

Among the many medical facilities, there was one place that drew an exceptional number of people.

"Yes, you're all better now."

"Oh... wow! My arm was broken... I can't believe it!"

"It's fortunate that your injury was this minor after falling from the scaffolding at the construction site. Please be more careful next time."

"Yes! Thank you, Saint!"

The man who had his broken arm healed by Saint Cecily was filled with shock and gratitude. He tried to reach out for her hands, intending to thank her.

"Your exit is that way."

"Take care."

"Wait!"

Two female acolytes who stood on either side of Cecily grabbed the man's arms and escorted him outside. They provided support for Cecily's healing work and also served the role of protecting her from people who approached her like the man had.

"These kinds of people never seem to decrease."

"Are you alright, Saint?"

"Yes, thank you as always, Colette and Birdie."

Colette, a woman with short, curly, blonde hair, was one of the female acolytes. Birdie, with chestnut hair that flowed down to her shoulders, was the other.

The two of them constantly remained by Cecily's side, acting as her assistants and guards when she visited the medical facility.

"Even though Saint Cecily has a divine protector, what are these people thinking?"

"Well, witnessing the miracles performed by Saint Cecily can be quite moving."

"Ah, ahaha..."

The miraculous work.

Cecily, upon hearing that term, couldn't help but force a smile. The curative magic Cecily used was the result of knowledge gained through hunting with Shin, dissecting animals to understand the biology of living creatures, and learning about the structures of meat and bones. It wasn't a miracle, but Cecily knew that explaining this wouldn't change the perception that people had of her, so she just smiled politely.

By the way, at the citizen level, Shin is often referred to as the "Demon King," which means a wizard king. However, within the Church of the Creation God, he is mostly called the "Divine Messenger" because the Pope recognized it.

The man who had been brought in had fallen from scaffolding at a nearby construction site and broken his arm. With a broken arm, he couldn't go to work. If he couldn't go to work, he couldn't earn a living. He pleaded for help, and Cecily easily treated him, leading to the man emotionally reaching out to her.

Most patients brought to Cecily had serious injuries. The church operated the medical facility, and while it wasn't entirely free, the treatment fees collected were relatively low. These fees went towards running the church, salaries for acolytes and healers, and the operational and maintenance costs of the orphanage run by the church. Since it was used for the healers' salaries, it wasn't like they could let other healers in the clinic have too much free time.

Those patients who were beyond the capability of other healers ended up being brought to Cecily. After sending off the man, there was some free time.

"Would you like some tea, Saint?"

"Well, for now, we have patients..."

"Saint! We have an emergency!"

"…We'll have to do it later."

"Yeah..."

As Colette proposed taking a break, an emergency case came in. She looked disappointed, but upon seeing the patient being carried in, she gasped. The patient was a seven to eight-year-old girl. She had blood running from her head, her arms and legs were bent in strange directions, and there was bleeding from her abdomen.

"Oh, it's severe..."

"The luggage in the carriage collapsed! My daughter pushed me out of the way and ended up under it! She protected me..."

A woman, presumably the young girl's mother, explained the situation while sobbing. It appeared that the girl had tried to shield her mother from the collapsing cargo, resulting in her getting trapped underneath. The mother clung to her daughter, crying.

While looking at the woman who was clinging to her daughter and weeping, Cecily spoke to the mother.

"Mother, I will definitely help your daughter. Please stand aside and watch."

"Saint..."

Seeing Cecily's smile, the mother managed to regain some composure and moved away from her daughter to observe Cecily's treatment.

Cecily promptly began the treatment, starting by examining the girl's head with ultrasound magic she had learned from Shin. Since the girl's heart was still beating, she needed to check for any head injuries before addressing the body's wounds. Cecily scanned the head, detected intracranial bleeding, and carefully drained the blood. She then repaired the ruptured blood vessels within the brain and applied healing magic throughout the brain.

Although she didn't have a deep understanding of the brain's structure, Cecily had a strong desire to heal and was filled with compassion, which enabled her to activate her healing magic effectively. After treating the head, Cecily proceeded to assess the girl's overall condition.

Several internal organs were damaged, so Cecily treated them to stop any bleeding and repair the injuries. When there were no more signs of internal bleeding or damage, she moved on to treating the fractured arm and leg. By that time, the girl's breathing had calmed, and Cecily felt a sense of relief at having saved the girl.

Finally, she examined the girl's entire body and applied healing magic, after which the girl faintly opened her eyes.

"...Mom?"

"Oh, yes!"

Phew... You're okay now, Mom!"

"Thank you so much, Saint!"

The girl, who had seemed beyond hope, opened her eyes and called out to her mother. Overwhelmed with emotion, the mother warmly embraced Cecily. Cecily had witnessed Shin experiencing a similar situation when he treated a man's injuries in Swied. She never imagined that she would find herself in a similar situation, but she smiled wryly as she patted the mother's back.

"Mother, please focus on your daughter now."

"Yes, yes! Thank you so much!"

With tear-stained faces, the mother went to her daughter's side and held her hand. Then, the daughter slowly opened her mouth.

"Mom... I feel tired."

"Of course! You were on the brink of death!"

"Why... Oh, the carriage..."

"You really! You did something reckless!"

"Mom, are you okay? You didn't get hurt?"

"I'm fine, thanks to you."

"I'm so glad... Thank you... I'm sorry."

Saying so, the mother tightly embraced her sleeping daughter. Witnessing this scene, Cecily breathed a sigh of relief, thankful that she could help the mother and daughter.

As for Collette and Birdie, who had been observing the treatment:

"Mi-miracle work!" they exclaimed in astonishment and admiration at Cecily saving the critically injured girl.

After resting for a while, the daughter quickly regained her strength and was ready to leave the infirmary. Getting off the bed where she had been resting, she approached Cecily.

"Thank you, Saint!"

Wearing a beaming smile, she expressed her gratitude. Cecily smiled in return, pleased that the girl, who had been on the brink of death when she arrived, was now lively and offering thanks.

"You're welcome. But please, no more recklessness."

"Eh? But my body moved on its own."

"Is that so? You really love your mother, don't you?"

"Yes! I love my mom so much!"

The girl explained that her body had moved of its own accord because of her deep love for her mother. Cecily, captivated by the girl's smile, looked on. Eventually, accompanied by her mother, the girl left the infirmary.

"Thank you, Saint. Your help was greatly appreciated."

"Goodbye, Saint!"

"Farewell. Take care."

"Sure! Mom, let's go!"

"Alright. Thank you, once again."

Cecily watched the two holding hands as they left for a while. After a moment, she muttered to herself.

"What a cute child... how wonderful."

Upon hearing these words, Collette and Birdie suddenly lit up.

"Eh!? Saint, do you want a child!?"

"The Messenger and the Saint's child... when's the due date!?"

"W-What? No! There are no such plans!"

"Once again~ you said you want to see that child, didn't you!"

"The child to be born should be someone who will cherish parents like that, right? So, it means..."

"That's not it! It's not wrong to want a child like that, but I don't have any plans for that right now!"

Blushing and denying vehemently, Cecily, however, couldn't escape the notice of Collette and Birdie.

"Just as we thought, you want a child, don't you~."

Grinning mischievously, the two teased Cecily mercilessly.

"Enough already! I don't know!"

With puffed cheeks, Cecily turned away, but Collette and Birdie continued to watch her with knowing smiles.

In the Darm Kingdom, in the royal castle, the royal residence served as the political headquarters. Among its chambers were military facilities, and in one such room, several individuals had gathered.

"How are the preparations going? Minister Cartun."

A man who appeared to be a military officer inquired of Hiiro Cartun, the head of the military.

"Quite well. After the successful completion of this operation, Darm will enter a new era."

"With the string of failures we've had so far, Darm's social standing has plummeted... we must find a way to make a comeback."

"That's right. And for that..."

Cartun muttered while looking up at the ceiling.

"We'll need someone to serve as a sacrifice."

Upon hearing Cartun's murmur, the people gathered there wore solemn expressions.

In a chamber in Darm, a secret discussion was underway.

"Rin."

"What is it, Alice?"

In Rin's home in Earlsheid, Rin and Alice sat facing each other in Rin's room.

With a serious expression, Alice spoke to Rin.

"It's finally... this one's turn."

"This...!"

Seeing what Alice had handed her, Rin was at a loss for words.

In a chamber in Earlsheid, a secret discussion was also taking place.