

Though we were confirming our forces rather late in the game, at the end of the process, Orge asked me about that "trump card."

"By the way... about that ace up your sleeve."

The moment Orge said that, everyone around got nervous. Olivia, for example, was hiding behind Mark, visibly trembling. Sicily, perhaps recalling the experiment, had a pale expression.

"...Are you really sure? You won't end up destroying the world instead?"

"..."

"Hey!"

That was because if it misfired, it wouldn't necessarily destroy the world, but it would leave a severe mark. Considering that, it wasn't easy to just say, "It's fine."

In response to our silence, Orge hurriedly chimed in.

"Ah, sorry. This is something I can't answer easily."

"...So, you mean there's a possibility?"

"It won't result in annihilation. But..."

"It will still cause some significant damage, is that what you're saying?"

"If it misfires, yes."

For now, we've successfully given the magic some direction. However, if we shoot in the wrong direction, it could lead to a major disaster. We really need to be careful.

"Gosh... you guys are discussing such dangerous things."

"Oh, Grandma."

It seems that they've been eavesdropping on our conversation, as Grandma and Grandpa entered the conversation.

"Ho ho, it's a reliable thing. So, Shin, would you mind explaining the basics of that magic later..."

"I absolutely won't tell you! If I told this reckless old man, he'd definitely try to use it!"

"No... that's not..."

"That's why I'm saying it!"

The thoughtless grandpa found himself in a tight spot under grandma's reprimand. What are they up to...?

As I watched the good-natured bickering between the two, someone else spoke up.

"Who would've thought that the day would come when you'd go out onto the battlefield with Shin?"

"Oh, Uncle Michel."

"Master!"

Huh? Master?

"Miranda, huh? I never thought you'd be participating too."

Oh, right. Miranda is currently receiving instruction from Uncle Michel.

"It's not my own choice..."

"What's with that attitude? It's like I kidnapped you."

"I wasn't kidnapped, but I don't have the right to refuse! To be told that I'm needed for a battle that... will determine the fate of the world..."

"Huh? Surprisingly motivated, I see."

"There's a difference between admiring this kind of battle and facing the reality..."

Maria chimed in at this point. Well, Miranda always ends up doing what she's asked for in one way or another. She even helped with the guidance for the Vibration Swords.

"Participating in battles like this can help you grow. I was also drafted to fight against a Demon Lord when I was young," said Uncle Michel.

I see, so Uncle Michel was involved in the previous Demon Lord subjugation due to his age.

"How was it?" Miranda seemed to have never heard of it.

I've never heard Uncle Michel talk about it either.

"At that time, I was still a young recruit in the Knights. I was overwhelmed by the Demon Lord's power, and to be honest, I thought I was going to die here. If it weren't for Lord Merlin's arrival, who knows what would have happened..."

Uh... could you avoid saying things that could lower everyone's morale?

"Well, this time is quite different from the previous one. We have Shin with us. You Ultimate Magicians are here. We're filled with hope," Uncle Michel said, as if he noticed our momentary unease.

Uncle Michel seemed to be taking care not to say anything that would make us anxious after seeing our momentarily troubled expressions.

"Um... Lord Michel, may I ask if it's alright?"

"Hmm? Oh, if it isn't Dominic, quite a while, isn't it?"

"You seem to be in good spirits, Lord Michel."

Dominic, the director of the Military Bureau, carefully picked the timing and approached Michel.

Michel was indeed the former Knight Commander. The intimidating Dominic appeared to be extremely deferential.

"So, what brings you here?"

"Well... it's because we have the Demon Lord battle coming up, and I thought I'd boost everyone's morale..."

"I see, that's an important task."

"Yes, so if you could refrain from talking while I do that..."

"Oh, I'm sorry."

"Thank you. Now then..."

As Michel was about to turn to address everyone, I heard someone muttering.

"Why is he so relaxed before the Demon Lord battle... and why isn't Michel using the Vibration Sword..."

By the way, Michel isn't using the Vibration Sword. Well, maybe it's because he's had experience fighting Demon Lords before, even though he came close to death.

Soon, Dominic gathered in front of the partition and began his speech to the soldiers from various countries. By the way, Dominic is the Chief of the Military Bureau of Earlshide and is also the overall commander of this operation.

"Is everyone ready? The time has finally come!" Dominic began his speech using amplification magic tools, and everyone fell silent.

"Our adversaries this time are a large number of Catastrophe-class creatures and an unprecedented number of Demon Lords," he said, emphasizing the gravity of the situation. It's quite something when you put it into words – rare Catastrophe-class creatures and Demon Lords, which had only occurred once in the past, are now appearing in large numbers. It's truly an abnormal situation.

"But there's no need to be apprehensive! You all have the means to counter them. You have the support of the hero who provided you with those means!" Dominic declared, and his use of the term "hero" felt overly dramatic.

"Moreover, for this operation, we have the presence of the Wise Lord and the Guidance Master!" When Dominic mentioned this, the soldiers burst into excitement. As expected, the popularity of the elderly folks seems to surpass mine. Well, they are living legends, and our generation grew up listening to their heroic tales. To stand on the same battlefield as these heroes undoubtedly boosts morale.

"Have confidence! There's no need to fear!" Dominic said, rallying his troops.

"Let's save the world!!"

"Uwaaaah!!"

This is incredible. The soldiers' cheers made the air tremble. You could see their clothes vibrating. Just as everyone's morale was at its peak...

"Hehehe, you all sound very valiant," Strom's voice echoed, almost as if she were dampening the mood.