

Merlin unleashed an incredible magic befitting the name of a hero, further boosting the morale of the United Forces.

"As expected of Lord Merlin and Lady Merida. Your skills haven't diminished in the slightest."

While the soldiers were astonished by Merlin's flashy magic and were filled with enthusiasm, Michelle, who had a long history with them, remained calm.

Drawing her sword from her waist, she turned to Director Dominik and said, "Well, the two of you may be of advanced age, but we can't afford to lose either."

"Eh? Lady Michelle, you are already quite..."

"Did you say something?"

"N-No! I didn't say anything at all!"

"I see. Well, let's go."

"Huh? Yes, ma'am! Um, do I need to go too?"

"Hmm? Aren't you coming with us?"

"I am the Supreme Commander, so I... I need to assess the overall strategic situation..."

"I see. I guess I still remember you as a rookie."

"It was Lady Michelle who appointed me as the Knight Commander!"

"That's right. As I get older, I keep reminiscing about the past."

"But my recent memories are vague, so... I guess it's just getting older..."

"Did you say something?"

"No, nothing at all! Please, Lady Michelle, go ahead and rampage to your heart's content!"

"That's right. Now, I am independent of the bothersome chain of command..."

Michelle shifted her gaze from Dominik to the approaching monsters.

"Time to rampage!"

She dashed forward with determination.

Amidst the horde of monsters, Michelle plunged in and began cutting them down one after another.

Watching her in action, Dominik muttered in amazement, "Michelle's sword is not a Vibrationsword..."

"Hey, Ruper! Don't say things like that! What if she hears you!"

"Rampaging Michelle..."

Michelle's nickname from her days in the Knight Order.

Shortly after joining the Knight Order, she had been sent out to fight against demons, and she was powerless, leading to intense frustration. Michelle subsequently devoted herself to intensive training and earned the nickname "Rampaging Michelle" through relentless demon-slaying.

She had retired from the Knight Order, seemingly settling down, but it appeared that Merlin had influenced her. Unlike other knights who used Vibrationswords, Michelle was engaging Catastrophe-class monsters with a regular sword, living up to her title of "Rampaging Michelle."

"It's probably because the Vibrationsword lacks the sensation of cutting... incredible."

"Yeah. It looks like he's gotten even stronger since before his retirement."

"...I can't afford to lose either."

"Huh? Hey, Ruper, you're not planning to join too, are you?"

"Heh, I'm not a commander like you. I'll just go and rampage a bit!"

"Hey! You're the 'Vice Commander,' you know!"

Dominik shouted at Ruper as he rushed out to match Michelle's enthusiasm, but Ruper had already gone too far to hear.

Observing Ruper, who was unleashing a barrage of magic he had trained for a long time, Dominik couldn't help but exclaim, "Damn it! Ruper, you cheater!"

Seeing Ruper go all out against the monsters, Dominik couldn't help but raise his voice in frustration. The gentlemen of Earlsheid were full of energy today.

In another battlefield, a group was seen swinging weapons turned into Vibrationswords by Shin.

"Take this!"

"Wow! We're taking down Catastrophe-class monsters!"

These were the "Shepherds," the mightiest warriors of Karnan, dressed in robes over their well-built bodies.

"Come on! Bring it on! I'll cut them all down!"

Empowered by "Sonic Resonance," they swung their halberds, cutting down one monster after another. Their expressions revealed their excitement at their sharpness, and they were beginning to believe they were invincible.

"Hey! Watch your back!"

"Huh?"

Turning around upon hearing the voice, one of the Shepherds saw a humanoid monkey-like monster raising its massive arm, about to strike down at them.

"Oh..."

There was no time left to swing the halberd.

Though they were prepared to meet death, the humanoid monkey-like monster suddenly stopped with its arm raised and slowly split into two.

"Huh? Wha?"

"The idiot's getting cocky! Galan, you moron!!"

The Shepherd who had been in dire straits was saved by Galan, the leader of the national sheep-raising family and a prominent figure among the Shepherds.

"You're only able to defeat monsters thanks to Shin's magical tools! You haven't become any stronger yourself! Don't forget that!!"

"Yes, yes!"

"Understood! Now go! Don't let your guard down anymore!"

"Yes, understood!"

The Shepherd who had collapsed after almost being killed, upon hearing Galan's shout, leaped to his feet and headed back towards the swarm of monsters. He found the prospect of being scolded by Galan more frightening than facing the monsters that had almost killed him. Watching the Shepherd depart, Galan heaved a sigh.

"Hah... it certainly is an incredible weapon, Shin. But I hope no one who gets their hands on this develops any strange desires..."

Galan mumbled to himself as he looked at his halberd, which Shin had transformed into a magical tool.

On another battlefield, it was an area under the responsibility of the Kingdom of Dahm. There, the Commander-in-Chief of the Dahm Kingdom Army, Heero Carton, was leading operations.

"How is it? How does it feel to wield that sword?"

"It's incredible. I've tested it against the monsters in the Dahm vicinity, and even against medium to large-sized creatures, but I never imagined it would have this much power against Catastrophe-class monsters..."

After hearing the report from his subordinate, Heero nodded.

"No wonder they call you the 'cheat hero' from another world..."

"Huh?"

"Oh, it's nothing. But more importantly, what do you think would happen if this sword became standard issue for the military?"

"Any army without this sword would be defenseless. It would be overwhelmed."

"I see. This sword was brought by Earlsheid's hero, after all."

"Indeed."

The highest-ranking commander of the Dahm Kingdom Army and his subordinates watched as the swarm of monsters, one after another, was defeated by Dahm soldiers. There was a faint smile on their faces.