

I tried casting magic against monsters for the first time and was surprised by the results exceeding my expectations. While floating through the monsters using levitation magic, I honestly expressed my amazement.

"Wow, I was really surprised."

"Not just surprised, that was clearly too much!"

When I honestly admitted that the results had surpassed my expectations, I received a scolding from Thor. Well, it's true that the path I had cleared through the crowd of monsters was wide enough that I couldn't see the end of it.

"Well, it does make moving around easier. You shouldn't waste unnecessary energy."

"Well, that's true, but..."

After managing to persuade Thor, it was now Ogre's turn to chime in.

"Shin's right in a way, but it's going to be troublesome later."

"Troublesome later?"

"Like Merida's sermon."

"Ugh..."

Ogre's words reminded me of the angry expression I saw before leaving. Oh, right, I'll get a lecture when I get back...

"Not just Merida's sermon. Shin showed his magic in front of too many people. We need to make sure Shin doesn't become an object of fear next time."

"Oh, my apologies?!"

"Why are you using a questioning tone? Well, it's the usual, don't worry about it."

"Yeah, it's always the same. Sorry about that."

"..."

I expressed my gratitude to Ogre, who always helped me out, but he was left speechless for some reason.

What's going on?

"What's wrong?"

"Well... I thought that Shin offering his thanks so easily might be a bad omen or something."

"Don't be rude!"

"Come on, cut it out. It's unusual for someone who's not usually straightforward to become humble at the last minute, like the actions a character takes before dying in a story."

"Ogre, you surprisingly like those kinds of stories, don't you!"

He was like that when he roped Shisilly and me in, and he seemed to believe in death flags.

"Hey, stop it!"

"Even Maria!"

Do these guys have any idea what they think of me?

I know that Ogre and Sir Dis are doing their best to make sure I'm not seen as a threat to the world. And I just thanked them!

But I've never taken such a tsundere attitude before!

While having their usual exchange, we were on our way to the former imperial capital, now known as the Demon City. Miranda, who had joined us for this mission, muttered something special this time.

"...I-I feel a bit nervous..."

Since Miranda can't use magic, Maria was holding her hand after floating her with levitation magic. This is the first time she's taking part in a mission with us, and she seems a bit bewildered.

I wonder what's going on?

"What's wrong, Miranda?"

Maria, who was holding her hand, also seemed concerned and asked Miranda.

"Well, we're going to the Demon City, which is the base of the Demonfolk, right?"

"That's right."

"And we're going to confront the Demonfolk, right?"

"I'm going to blast them this time!"

"Y-You're going to confront Strom, the ringleader of the commotion, right?"

"Hey, Miranda, are you okay? Why are you confirming something so obvious now?"

As Maria said, is Miranda really okay? She's just confirming the current situation.

Is she so nervous that she needs to check it again?

It seems that everyone had similar thoughts as they looked at Miranda with a sympathetic gaze.

"Wait a minute! Why are you looking at me like that? It's like you're saying I'm weird!"

"Huh? But it's just that you're confirming such an obvious thing at this point..."

"What I want to say is, even in such a super critical situation, why are you all so relaxed?"

Oh no! I messed up.

Because Grandma was so scary and Ogre was teasing me, I ended up conversing as usual.

I regretted it and, while doing so, Ogre spoke to Miranda with a serious expression.

"You're getting too nervous, Wallace."

"B-But, Your Highness!"

"If you get too worked up, you'll tense up your body unnecessarily. So, just act as you usually do to avoid that."

"I-Is that so?"

"Besides, with Shin here, it's hard to imagine a future where we lose."

"That's right!"

"In fact, it seems like he wasn't even giving his all earlier. It's hard to believe that Walford-kun would lose."

"Rather, I'm more worried that Shin might go overboard."

Alice and Lynn agreed with Ogre's words.

Furthermore, due to that one additional unnecessary remark, everyone ended up laughing at me.

"I-Is it really that...?"

"That's right, Wallace. So, relax a bit, don't be so tense. You're a swordsman, unlike us. If you're too uptight, you won't be able to unleash your true potential."

"Your Highness... I understand!"

I see. Come to think of it, Miranda has never fought against demons before, unlike going on monster hunting trips with Maria. I recall her saying she couldn't sleep because she was too nervous before we left. Maybe I didn't consider her feelings enough.

In this regard, Ogre has successfully managed to calm Miranda in the flow of the conversation. Knowing Ogre, it might just be a coincidence, but he's really good at turning unexpected situations to our advantage. I don't think I could handle this kind of thing.

As I was contemplating this, it happened.

"Ogre."

"Yeah."

"Sorry, I'll land for a moment."

"I see."

I informed Ogre and then deactivated the levitation magic, descending to the ground.

"Wallford-kun? What happened all of a sudden?"

Despite our smooth flight, Miranda looked at me curiously when I suddenly landed. The others remained silent, as they knew the reason for my descent.

Maria spoke to Miranda, who didn't know what was happening.

"Oh, right, Miranda wouldn't know."

"Huh?"

"She can't detect magical energy."

"So, does that mean the enemy is approaching!?"

Realizing that Miranda, who had detected the others' tension through magical energy sensing, was now on alert, Maria assured her.

"No, Wallace, calm down, they're not approaching."

"What do you mean, Your Highness?"

"They're not approaching, but they're here."

"Huh?"

"Well, you'll understand when they get closer. From here, we'll use the jet boots. Got it?"

"Yes!"

Miranda readily started moving with the jet boots following Ogre's instructions. As the Demon City, which had been visible in the distance, came closer, everyone's tension began to rise.

Finally, it seemed Miranda had spotted it too.

"That... that is..."

Miranda came to recognize it as well, and she paused.

"...I've never seen that before."

"Me neither... it's incredible."

Even Cecily and Tony were left dumbfounded.

And understandably so.

I had heard about it too.

But seeing the real thing was a whole different experience.

If I were to describe it in one word...

"...Gorilla?"

The true nature of the magical energy we sensed.

It was a monstrous creature that sat at the entrance to the Demon City, waiting for us.

"Did Strohm really prepare something like this!?"

It looked more like a kaiju than anything else, a dragon transformed into a monstrous creature.