

What we saw.

Its appearance was like that of a kaiju.

But its true nature was a dragon, which had been mentioned only once before in Grandpa's stories.

Now, it had transformed into a monstrous creature, emitting a malevolent magical aura.

"It's... incredibly powerful..."

"Save your admiration for later, Shin. This is the worst-case scenario."

"The worst?"

Perhaps it was because of the fundamental power of a creature that surpassed other life forms, but the sheer force made the disaster-class monsters we had encountered so far seem like small fry, causing me to involuntarily gasp.

However, Oug seemed to have noticed something.

"Well, since it's my first time seeing a real dragon, I can't say for certain, but..."

With that preface, he spoke.

"That's... a tyrant, I suppose."

"A tyrant..."

Oh, a T-Rex.

Wait!

"So, that means it's the most powerful dragon..."

"That's right. That's why I said it's the worst."

Really?

In the first place, dragons are said to be so strong that they are on par with disaster-class monsters.

If it were to transform into a monstrous creature...

"It might be as dangerous as a demon..."

"That's without a doubt..."

GYAWOOOOOOOH!!

While we were talking with Oug, the dragon-like monster suddenly roared.

We could see the dragon-like monster from where we were.

Which meant that the dragon-like monster could see us as well.

It must have been frustrated that we were gathering in the distance and not getting closer.

It infused its roar with magical energy and directed it at us.

A roar that shook the atmosphere and planted fear deep in our hearts.

We realized that the roar contained magical energy, so we instinctively created magical barriers.

However, there was one person in our group who couldn't do that.

"Oh... oh..."

It was Miranda.

Miranda, who couldn't use magic, had taken the full brunt of the roar filled with magical energy and was trembling uncontrollably.

She was completely overwhelmed by the dragon's intimidation.

"This is bad. Claude, use healing magic on her."

"Understood."

Seeing Miranda trembling, Oug asked Sicily to cast a healing spell.

Sicily rushed over to Miranda, gently embraced her, and patted her back softly.

"You're okay... You're going to be okay."

"Ha... ha..."

"Calm down... that's right, take deep breaths..."

"Ha... huff..."

"Are you okay?"

"Yes... thank you, Sicily."

While Sicily applied healing magic, Miranda, taking slow deep breaths, finally calmed down.

It was clear from the scene that Sicily and Miranda had become close lately.

Miranda listened carefully to Sicily's words and accepted the healing magic with full trust. As a result, her body's stiffness subsided, and she became mentally calmer.

"Wallace, since you can't use magic, make it a habit to use the magical tool I gave you to create a barrier. Layer it with both magical and physical defenses."

"Y-Yes, Your Highness. I apologize."

Oug gave this advice after Miranda had regained her composure. Miranda's participation this time was invaluable as a frontliner. It was important that she could act when necessary.

"Alright. Now, dealing with that thing..."

Oug said so and looked at the dragon-like creature. There, we could see a dragon stomping on the ground with its massive feet and swinging its long tail.

"It seems to be getting agitated..."

As Maria pointed out, it was rampaging in front of the imperial city's gates. To be honest, its appearance alone was somewhat frightening.

However, flying into the air out of fear might make us an easy target for the demons in the imperial city. Furthermore, leaving it unattended might result in it going to where everyone else was.

Despite having reached a point where we could compete with disaster-class monsters, there was no way we could let it face even more formidable creatures.

In other words, we had no choice but to defeat the dragon-like creature.

"We have no choice but to take it down."

"Yeah, that's the only option..."

Oug, who had been gazing at the imperial city, suddenly stopped the conversation.

What's going on? The dragon isn't roaring, right?

Thinking that, I looked at where Oug was looking.

"...Seriously?"

"That scoundrel Strom! Dragons are already rare as it is!"

I momentarily doubted my eyes, and Oug was clearly angry.

That's because... another dragon had appeared from the imperial city. In addition to the Tyrant Dragon, there were Chief Dragons, Horned Dragons, Armored Dragons, and more.

They have all transformed into monsters.

Dragons, due to past overhunting, have seen a drastic decrease in their population, and they are now classified as endangered species.

Oug was furious about the fact that Strom had transformed such a rare creature into a monster and set it upon us.

The newly emerged dragons are also rampaging around the Tyrant Dragon.

Even so...

"I still can't get used to this."

"What do you mean?"

I muttered these words without thinking, and it seemed Sicily overheard me.

She asked what I meant by not getting used to it.

"No, aren't those newly emerged dragons herbivores?"

"Is that so?"

Huh?

"Herbivores, right?"

Long-necked dragons, excluding those from the sea, are supposed to be herbivores when they are on land.

I thought that, but what Oug said was quite unexpected.

"Is that so? I didn't know that."

"Really?"

"Actually, today is the first time I've ever seen a dragon. By the way, why do you know such things?"

"Huh? Uh, well..."

"Ah, Lord Shin, did you happen to research dragons?"

"Oh, yeah, that's sort of it."

Ah, I see.

Because they are rare creatures, there are hardly any opportunities to see them. Moreover, in this world where they actually exist, there might not be as much fascination due to the absence of the past's romanticism. She seemed to have misunderstood something, so I went along with the idea.

"I see, that makes sense."

At this point, Maria seemed to have realized why I said I wasn't used to it.

"Having herbivorous animals turn into carnivores after monsterization feels extremely unsettling."

When animals undergo monsterization, they become capable of living on magic power alone. However, the most efficient way to acquire magic power is by consuming other creatures.

In other words, they become predators.

Once that happens, even herbivorous animals that used to consume plants turn into carnivores. The sight of animals that were once herbivores now desiring meat can be profoundly eerie, and many people find it uncomfortable.

Maria appeared to be one of them.

Furthermore, herbivorous dragons were originally large creatures. As a result...

"To turn into monsters and to be this massive..."

The colossal size of these creatures made even Oug involuntarily gasp.

"After this, if there are no demons, this should be the final battle, right?"

As Alice said, under normal circumstances, defeating this creature should bring this to an end.

It was such a formidable monster.

"I really don't want to fight this..."

"Me neither..."

Yuri and Olivia made it clear with their displeased expressions.

"Well, for now, we could try using magic to attack it, but will it work?"

"Maybe it's better to slash it, after all?"

To Tony's question, Miranda responded.

"Dragonhide is so durable that it can become top-tier armor. It won't break easily with mediocre magic. Besides, it's been monsterized, so..."

Oug said this and looked at me, Tony, and Miranda.

"Finish it off with the Vibration Sword."

"Understood."

"Yes, sir!"

Unlike Tony and me, Miranda replied while being nervous.

"What's wrong, Miranda?"

"Being told to finish off a dragon, the fact that I'm the calmest one here is kind of concerning."

Tony and I exchanged glances at her words.

"Now that you mention it, I didn't feel particularly nervous either."

"Haha, we must have seen too much action."

"To think someone our age... I can't handle this..."

Said Miranda with tears in her eyes.

It seemed like she had managed to relax.

"Hey, what are you guys goofing around for? Our preparations are complete here."

Oug said that the magical support was ready.

Now, with that said...

"Shall we begin the battle?"

The three of us activated our jet boots and charged towards the dragon-like monster.