 ideas
for what to do with my kids' art

While blocking Zest's magic with a mana barrier, I couldn't help but glance at Oug and the others. It was because I got distracted by Lawrence's shout as he fought with Oug.

"What did you say...? So, everything up until now was their doing?"

What does this mean? The demons we subjugated during the operation to conquer the demon realm, didn't Strom say he had completely lost his motivation?

"What are you looking at? Shin=Wolford!!"

"Ugh!!"

While I was distracted by Oug and Lawrence's conversation, Zest approached me and attacked with a knife.

I dodged instinctively and moved away from Zest.

This is bad...

But the conversation was so unexpected that my attention naturally drifted in that direction.

"You guys... no, it's you... have you been controlling everything behind the scenes all along?"

"Oh, come on, Lawrence, you always say the wrong things..."

In response to my question, Zest offered some criticism towards Lawrence, but didn't deny it.

"What do you mean? Didn't Strom lose his motivation for everything after destroying the Empire?"

When I said that, Zest sighed.

"Those incompetent fools. Not only are they useless, but they leak unnecessary information too."

"Incompetent? Even though you had a falling out, aren't they your former comrades?"

"Comrades? That's a laugh. They forgot the debt of gratitude they owed to Lord Strom and went on a rampage for their own selfish desires. They're not my comrades."

"They used them to attack Swid and Kurt, right?"

"I just guided them to make it happen."

"So, what's the point of that?"

When I said that, Zest smirked.

"To use them as pawns to measure your power."

"Pawns...!?"

"Thanks to that, I got valuable information. Your fiancée... She's called Sicily, right? She's your weakness. If something were to happen to her, you..."

"You...!!"

"Whoops."

Because of this guy!

Sicily has been in danger twice! That's what he said!!

I couldn't help but release a spell in the middle of Zest's words, but he easily evaded it.

Damn it!

I was so angry that I ended up with a straightforward attack.

Zest, who had avoided my magic, came charging toward me.

"Ugh!"

"Well, well, what's wrong, Shin Wolford? Is your sword training all from a Sword Saint? You seem to be getting pushed around."

"Shut up! Damn it!"

My training with Michelle-san had always been sword against sword. I hardly ever trained with knives.

For small-time thugs in the city, I could handle it, but this guy... he was quite skilled.

Zest leaped into my guard, wielding his knife.

It was knife fighting distance, far too close for sword fighting.

Anyway, I had to create some distance between us.

"What?! You're using an explosion spell at this point-blank range?"

"Here we go!"

"Ugh!"

Zest, surprised by the explosion spell triggered right in front of him, moved back.

That was a typical reaction.

In this world, magic worked differently from what I was used to in games. If you got caught in your own spell, it could harm you. Using an explosion spell at extremely close range was like a suicide move. But this didn't apply to me.

Zest, who had backed away from me, spoke begrudgingly.

"I see... the peculiar magic you used against Swid and Kurt..."

"Did you really see everything...?"

I had used targeted explosion magic to defeat demons alongside Swid and Kurt. If he had been manipulating those battles behind the scenes, it wouldn't be surprising if he had observed the fights.

"I jumped to avoid it reflexively, thinking it was a suicide move. I used to be a soldier, you see."

Come to think of it, he did mention he was a former soldier. It seemed his ingrained combat skills had backfired on him.

"Well, I won't let you get close to me again!"

"That's a problem. I'm not skilled with swords, and I'm useless if you keep your distance!"

"Damn it, again?"

Zest dashed toward me again, trying to get close to me.

I didn't want him to close the distance any further, so I swung my sword broadly to keep him at bay.

"Argh!"

"Aren't you a former soldier? Shouldn't you be wielding a knife rather than a sword?"

"Heh, you wouldn't understand, kid. Not all soldiers are knights or mages. There's more to the military than that!"

This guy... he just wouldn't learn!

"I told you to stay away from me!"

"Ugh!?"

I created spikes from the ground to stop Zest's charge.

During this brief respite, I contemplated Zest's words. A soldier who wasn't a knight or mage... So that meant...

"Intelligence unit..."

"Oh? So you're quite sharp after all."

In that case, his swift movements made sense. In this world, where communication methods were not as developed as in my previous life, agility was essential for intelligence operatives.

But why would such a skilled intelligence operative betray the empire? Also, when I first met him, the other demons referred to Zest as their captain.

That meant...

"You were the captain of the intelligence unit, right? And if the other demons followed you... does that mean they were all former intelligence operatives?"

"Oh, dear... To deduce all that from just a few words must be quite challenging."

"How many of you have turned against Strom?"

"...All of us."

"What...?"

All of them?

The entire intelligence unit had turned against the empire?

"That's absurd! The intelligence unit is supposed to be the most critical division of the military! To think all of them would betray!"

As I exclaimed, Zest smirked self-deprecatingly.

"Well, it's quite ironic that the enemy appreciates us more... Shin Wolford, do you know what we, the intelligence unit, were called in the empire?"

"I have no idea."

"...Rats."

"Rats?"

"Rather than knights who conquer enemies through strength, or mages who obliterate foes with splendid magic, we, who crawl on the ground, sneakily search for the enemy's weaknesses... we were referred to as rats."

What... was that?

"Even if our subordinates risked their lives to gather enemy information, the words from the upper echelons of the military, the nobles, were always insults. 'Activities like crawling in the dirt and seeking out others' weaknesses are indeed fitting for commoners,' 'The likes of you should be grateful that you can even speak to someone like me,' 'You should be thankful for being of any use,' they would belittle us, insult us, and then suck up all the information we provided."

...

Zest's words, which he claimed were unnecessary to Lawrence earlier, continued without stopping. I couldn't bring myself to interrupt as I watched Zest, who had been calm until now, venting his resentment through speech.

"Even if our subordinates died during missions, it meant nothing to them. They saw us commoners as nothing more than expendable tools, easily replaceable!!"

"So... you..."

"That's right! I wanted to free my subordinates from their suffering! I wanted to turn them from rats into humans!!"

"And this is the result!! In the end, Strom also sees you as nothing more than tools!"

"Shut up!!!"

The gruesome outcome of Zest and the others' actions left me speechless, and I couldn't help but shout. But what I received in response from Zest was an even louder scream.

"What could you possibly understand?! You were given more than enough love from your unparalleled grandparents, the Wise and the Oracle! You were blessed with people around you! You've led a happy life! What could you possibly comprehend about our feelings?!"

"T-that's..."

Zest's words left me utterly speechless.

"Scorned! Looked down upon! Robbed of everything! We were constantly exploited and, in the end, discarded like trash! You couldn't possibly understand our emotions!"

"..."

"Only Lord Strom needed us! He needed the information we provided! He needed us to spread false information among the upper echelons of the empire! He needed us to create chaos throughout the empire by manipulating information! Only Lord Strom needed us!"

Zest said this, and he readied his knife with a slight sway.

"Lord Strom is our savior. Our god! If it's the will of Lord Strom, our lives are...!"

Saying this, Zest charged at me once more.

"I can use as many as needed!"

"Ugh! You...!"

I thought he was going to attack with his knife again, but this time he cast a spell.

I managed to block the spell with a mana barrier, and as Zest charged at me, he swung his knife.

"Damn! Haah!"

The knife was small, making it hard to parry with a sword. So, I dodged the knife and retaliated with a Vibrating Sword in a counterattack.

However, Zest dodged the attack by crouching and raised his knife once more.

"Darn it, he's so persistent!"

"What's wrong, Shin Wolford? Dance more! Dance as befitting the final stage for our Lord! Dance more for all to see!"

"What!?"

Strom's final stage?

"What do you mean!?"

"I already told you! If you want to know, try to force it out of me!"

With that shout, Zest launched one attack after another.

Managing to evade those attacks, I swung the Vibrating Sword. For the first time, my strike landed on Zest's right shoulder.

"Ugh... Gahh!!"

"What?! This guy!?"

The Vibrating Sword struck Zest's right shoulder and severed his right arm from the shoulder socket. Yet, this guy didn't stop his charge.

This guy... he's completely abandoned defense for an all-out attack.

This is... a suicide attack.

He's launching a reckless, self-sacrificing assault.

Even now, he's switched the knife to his left hand and continues to attack.

"Shin Wolford!!!"

He shouts as he swings the knife, but... it's not his dominant hand, his movements are clumsy.

I cut his arm from below with a reverse beheading motion, severing Zest's left arm as well.

"Ugh... Ahhhhh!!"

Still, Zest, who has lost both his arms, doesn't stop his charge.

I swung my raised sword down in a diagonal cut.

"Guu..."

"..."

Zest, with a gash from his left shoulder to his right hip, finally halted his charge and collapsed on the ground.

I... looked at the fallen Zest with an indescribable feeling, no longer seeing these demons, whom I had considered a threat to humanity, as anything but victims.

"Shin-kun!"

"Shin!"

With Zest's fall, it seemed they judged the battle to be over. Sicily, Maria, and the others rushed over to us.

"Shin-kun! Are you hurt?"

"Yeah, I'm fine."

Sicily, as always, was the first to worry about me. Perhaps... these demons had lost even such relationships? If I were to lose Sicily...

I recalled a time in the past when Flare asked me to give up Sicily.

I didn't go through something like that, but it's possible that these demons actually had such relationships taken from them.

"Sh-Shin-kun? What's wrong?"

"Huh? Oh, no, it's nothing."

"?"

Sicily's face had turned a little red, probably because I'd been staring at her. Her actions and the puzzled look she gave me when I stammered out my response were all endearing. If I were to lose such a presence... like Zest and the others, I might want to destroy everything.

I find myself sympathizing with them in some way. However, these demons have shown clear hostility toward us humans and declared their intent to annihilate us. We can't just let them be.

As I grappled with these complicated emotions, a feeble voice came from the ground.

"Perhaps... we... are... inadequate..."

"Zest..."

"Even though you won, why do you have that expression..."

I felt conflicted by Zest, who was on the brink of death, but I reconsidered that these demons were enemies threatening humanity.

"Tell me, what is Strom's goal?"

"Lord Strom's... will..."

After pausing for a moment, Zest spoke.

"I don't know... about that..."

"What? You don't know!?"

Ridiculous! Why would they be willing to throw away their lives without even knowing their goal?

I shouted this, and Zest smirked.

"It's because... Shin... Wolford... we... have... no... future..."

"What do you mean by 'no future' for the demons?"

I couldn't grasp the meaning of Zest's words and questioned him, but...

"I'm sorry, Shin-kun... He's already... passed away..."

"Darn it!!"

I thought that by defeating Zest, I could uncover Strom's true intentions!

But... while I may not understand the exact purpose, I now knew the reason for the change in the demons' behavior.

"Shin!"

Finally, we reached a conclusion regarding the change in the demons' actions, and at that moment, Og arrived, having defeated Lawrence.

"How did it go? Did you manage to find anything out?"

"I managed to. I understand the reason behind the demons' actions."

"What!?"

I conveyed Zest's last words to Og.

"No future..."

"I see. I didn't know what had happened exactly, but... something despairing must have occurred concerning the demons' future."

"And they became desperate due to the loss of their future...?"

"Probably."

As Og and I looked at Zest's lifeless body, we both felt a sense of unease that was difficult to put into words.

"We should have eliminated the threat to humanity..."

"Yeah... this leaves a bitter taste in the mouth."

Additionally, there's another thing we don't understand.

"What could Strom's 'final stage' mean... I wonder..."

To my murmuring, no one offered an answer.