

"Yearning for Destruction...?"

Shocked by Milia's words, I couldn't help but ask again.

"Strom-sama... at the point when he became a demon, he lost interest in everything other than the purpose of destroying the Empire. Having achieved that goal and even lost his future... With those words, I understood the meaning of what Strom had said back then."

"I see... that's why... this world, where my own sense of existence has been lost, continues to exist without meaning..."

In this way, I can leave behind children, but those children are not demons. I can't leave behind demons as offspring. Such an existence... is meaningless to the world...

"And...," Milia said, furrowing her brows and looking pained, "I've lost sight of the meaning of my own existence... If the world exists without meaning even with me, then I might as well disappear... We're heading towards destruction, indeed."

So, Milia wished to stop Strom from heading towards such destruction and to free him. However, that was...

"...Is that really what you want?"

She probably wouldn't respond to persuasion. Preventing Strom's desired destruction and freeing him would mean that we had to defeat him. Milia, who loved Strom and even bore his child... was she truly wishing for that?

"To be honest, I'd like to let it slide... but..."

"That's impossible. Strom has declared clear hostility towards humanity. He is now an enemy of humanity. From now on, no matter where he is in the world, he will be a target for subjugation."

Oug firmly rejected Milia's true feelings.

"True, I suppose..."

Milia, rejected by Oug, muttered as if she had given up.

Yes... it's too late now. If Strom hadn't proposed this game to the world, we would have planned to avoid stimulating him and leave him be. But Strom proposed this game. He declared it while people from all over the Allied Nations were gathering. It's no longer a choice between Strom being defeated or the world being destroyed.

"So... I want you to stop Strom-sama. I want you to free Strom-sama, who has lost meaning in everything in the world..."

This wish must have been like a cut to the bone for Milia.

So...

"I understand... I will definitely stop Strom."

"Please..."

Saying that, I turned on my heel.

As I left the room, I heard Milia's feeble voice from behind.

"Oug, let's go."

"Yeah..."

I called out to Oug and left Milia's room.

The faces of everyone I saw when I left the room were dark and gloomy.

"Why did it have to come to this...?"

Among them, Shishily, who looked the most downcast, said that.

"Milia-san... she really cared about that child. Even if it wasn't a demon, wouldn't it have been fine if a child was born...?"

Shishily, among the female members of the Ultimate Magicians, had a particularly strong maternal instinct.

We often talked about what name we would give to our child in the future, and what kind of child we wanted them to grow up to be.

Seeing such a pitiful mother and child, Shishily couldn't help but feel sympathy.

"I think the same way, but... from Strom's perspective, it probably wasn't like that."

"It's his child, but it's not a demon child... right?"

"We don't need to worry about that. We're happy, aren't we?"

"Olivia..."

In response to Oug's words, Mark embraced Olivia's shoulders in a caring manner.

Mark's workshop, the Bean Workshop, is where the child born by Olivia is supposed to inherit.

I'm sure the two of them have also discussed the topic of children.

There is a strong feeling of sympathy for Milia and the others, who can't see their future.

"But... was it really okay to let it slide...?"

"Maria!!"

"I also think that person is pitiable! But... he's a demon, you know? How do we explain that to everyone if we let it slide?"

"T-that's..."

When Maria said that, Shishily looked at Oug as if she were clinging to him.

Not only Shishily, but everyone was watching.

Oug, who had gathered everyone's attention, thought for a moment.

"Listen, what you've seen and heard here, you must not speak of it to anyone. This matter..."

Oug looked around at everyone and then spoke.

"We'll pretend we didn't see anything."

"Your Highness..."

Shishily let out words of gratitude to Oug for making that decision.

"After we entered the castle, we headed straight to Strom's location and fought him... that's how we'll explain it."

"Is there... well, is there any other choice?"

"Originally, it's an act unbefitting someone who will rule the country in the future..."

"...I'm sorry... for being so selfish..."

Apologizing for making the Crown Prince, Oug, make such a decision, Oug smiled faintly.

"What's the use of apologizing now? I've been letting you boss me around all this time."

"Ugh..."

"Well, this time is quite extreme, I have to admit... Listen, Shin, if by any chance something happens..."

"Yeah, I'll definitely take responsibility."

I was the one who made the decision to let Milia and her child go.

I won't run away from that responsibility.

While discussing this, as we walked through the castle, I noticed that the usually noisy people were unusually quiet.

"What's wrong, Alice? You're surprisingly quiet."

Alice, who usually caused commotions, hadn't said a word since entering Milia's room.

Even the usually carefree Alice, I wonder if she can't say anything in that atmosphere.

However, even though I tried to restore the usual atmosphere by speaking to her, she said...

"That kid..."

"Huh? What's wrong with that baby?"

"...He seemed like he was going to grow up to be a super handsome guy in the future..."

Alice said that with a serious expression.

...Maybe that's why she was so quiet...

"You..."

"But seriously! Even though he's a baby, he has such a perfect face, right!? He's definitely going to grow up to be super handsome!"

"Indeed, he was cute."

"Lynn, too!?"

"Oh, I wish! I want to have such a cute child, too."

"But you don't have a partner."

"That's true..."

...These guys...

Were they thinking about stuff like that while we were all seriously worried?

"Hehe, that's Alice for you."

"Yuri?"

"The gloomy atmosphere has lightened up a bit, right?"

"Well, that's... certainly true, but..."

"Surprisingly, he might be a sensitive guy in that regard."

"Even Tony."

"Despite appearing carefree, he might actually be thinking about a lot of things?"

"Oh, really?"

I looked at Alice, who seemed to be struggling with her thoughts about the others.

I think she's just being herself...

"Shin-kun, Shin-kun!"

As I was thinking about Alice, she came over to me.

"What is it?"

"When this battle is over, introduce me to someone!"

At that line, I suddenly felt a sense of exhaustion.

"Sigh... All my friends are here, so..."

"Oh, right."

"If you want someone from this group, why not ask Tony or Mark?"

"I think Tony's friends seem a bit too casual, so never mind! Hey, Mark!"

...Alice's like that after all.

As I reaffirmed this conviction, Tony, who had been rejected by Alice, looked quietly hurt beside me.

In that room, when Milia, the demon, said what she did, I was honestly shocked.

I've never dated a boy before, so I can't even imagine...

What was it like to ask someone you love to kill you?

At that moment, when I looked at everyone's faces, they all seemed to be in pain.

Many of my comrades have boyfriends or girlfriends, so unlike me, they could probably imagine it right away.

After leaving that room, everyone had that atmosphere and wore gloomy expressions.

So, when Shin-kun asked me a question, I deliberately acted silly.

I thought it might be insensitive, but this is my role.

Thinking about difficult things is the Crown Prince's job, scolding Shin-kun is Maria's job, and flirting with Shin-kun is Shishily's job.

My job is to brighten everyone up.

Otherwise, I might start feeling sorry for Strom and not be able to fight properly.

All right! Let's do this!

But... the truth is, I really want a boyfriend!