

"Sicily and Grandma are back. Sicily seems to have calmed down quite a bit. That's good.

"Sicily, are you feeling better?"

"Yeah... I'm sorry, Shin-kun, for involving you in my situation and causing you trouble."

"That's why I don't mind. I'm involved by my own choice. So, if you understand, hand me that uniform."

Sicily has the removed uniform in her hand. She is about to apply enchantments to the uniform. For that, she hands the uniform over to Shin.

"Shin."

"What is it, Grandma?"

"Regarding the enchantment on that uniform, do it in front of everyone."

"Why?"

"Let everyone see how unconventional you are acting."

Unconventional? Is that so?

"By observing the reactions of those around you, you should have some awareness of how unusual your actions are."

It's a harsh statement. I don't think I'm doing anything that strange.

Now, let's start with the enchantment on the uniform, starting with the 'removal' enchantment.

First, prepare a dedicated working wand for the removal. This wand has a slim and short shape for precise work.

Then, infuse magic into the uniform, and imagine the enchantment characters on it appearing. The characters begin to surface.

"What... is this?"

"Magic defense? Shock mitigation? Stain resistance?"

"No way... Is this the transcribed enchantment characters?"

"I've never seen such a scene before."

From the very beginning, everyone seems to be making a fuss.

Next, activate the dedicated working wand and touch its tip to the surfaced enchantment characters. Then...

"The characters... are disappearing..."

"No way... Are you removing the enchantment magic!?"

That's right, I'm removing the characters and nullifying the effects. At this point, everyone had their mouths open and looked bewildered. The main event is still to come.

"It's always an unconventional sight, isn't it..."

"Hehe, doing things that no one else would think of. You've grown."

"It's you! It's because you're like that, Shin..."

Grandpa and Grandma are playfully arguing.

Truly, just make up already.

All the enchantments on the blazer, shirt, and skirt have been removed. Now, it's time for the main enchantment magic.

"However, this is a magical item, so it won't activate without infusing it with magic. And it requires a certain amount of magic. So you need to be careful because it's not active all the time. It can't prevent a surprise attack. However, when you intend to use magic, you can infuse it with enough magic during incantation, so you won't be attacked."

I really want to do something about this. Magical items require the infusion of magic to function, so they can't be used continuously. That's why we use lamps or candles for lighting and need firewood for the fireplace.

What I'm thinking about is storing magic like a battery and using it as an energy source for magical items. I've come up with the idea, but there's nothing to store magic in. Is there something suitable?

"I see. I now understand what Merida-sensei was talking about. Certainly, if this were presented, it would be a national treasure. And the ease with which these enchantments were applied is truly remarkable..."

"It is indeed a remarkable item. However, Father, this..."

"Yes, I understand. Shin-kun, listen carefully."

"What is it, Uncle Dis?"

"Shin-kun, these enchantments are amazing. No, they're more than amazing. But if news of this were to spread, it would cause a great commotion. This is something you must never reveal to anyone."

"I wasn't planning on blabbing about it, but is it that serious?"

"It's very serious. If news of these enchantments reaches the military..."

"If it reaches the military...?"

"There's a high probability that they will start advocating for a declaration of war against neighboring countries."

"A declaration of war!?"

"Think about it. Magic, swords, spears, and bows would all be ineffective. Even minor injuries would heal quickly, and the armor doesn't need to be heavy. If soldiers wore armor with these enchantments, they could easily crush the military forces of other countries. Do you not think that would be overwhelming?"

"That's... I never thought about that..."

"People are susceptible to temptation. If they believe they can start a war in a situation where they have a significant advantage over other nations... The military is a nation's armed force. Those who succumb to this temptation will undoubtedly emerge."

"That's... unbelievable!"

I... I just wanted to protect everyone, and I never thought I'd become a tool for war.

War is something modern-day Japanese people should avoid. I never even considered it.

... I've been made aware of the difference between my thoughts and the reality of this world.

"I see... You're right. I never even considered that possibility."

"Yes... Shin, you're reflecting on this for the first time!"

Grandma seems moved by something. How rude! I've reflected on things before! The next step is to ensure I don't make a mistake...

"Yeah, yeah, as long as you understand. This is something..."

"I had originally planned to apply the same enchantments to Oug's uniform, but... spreading it further would be a problem, right?"

"Huh? Shin-kun? Wait a moment..."

"Sorry, Oug. I can't apply these enchantments to your uniform."

"Wait, Shin-kun! I agree that it's not something to talk about openly, but there's no doubt that the effects are extremely useful. As long as we use it correctly, it should be fine, don't you think?"

"Of course, that's true. I didn't create these for the purpose of being tools of war."

"That's right, that's right. There's no better means of protection. And I still think that the royal family needs a certain level of protection. Yeah."

"Uncle..."

"Father..."

Uncle Dis is really desperate... I had originally planned to apply the enchantments to Oug's uniform as well, so if he gives permission, it's fine.

"I didn't want to see Father like this..."

Oug has a very complex expression. I see, he's probably only seen the dignified side of the royal palace. But when he's at our place, he can relax, and he often looks like this.

"Oug, it's better to get used to it now. We see you like this a lot here."

"...I see... Is that so..."

In the end, we decided to apply the same enchantments to Oug's uniform. When I suggested applying the same enchantments to everyone else, Maria refused.

"I don't want to wear a uniform that's like a national secret..."

She said that with a really strong dislike. The two guards insisted that it was absolutely necessary, so I decided to apply the enchantments.

And then, I created three more uniforms. I tried to hand the completed uniform to Sicily first, but Oug insisted on receiving it before her. This is getting annoying!

"Shin-kun, thank you. It's a bit scary, but... I can tell that you're really serious about protecting us. I'm really happy."

Sicily thanked me with a smile.

...She's really cute. I want to protect this child somehow... but I can't be by her side all the time.

"Shin, is this all over now?"

"Well, as I mentioned earlier, this isn't perfect, so I'm thinking if there's something more we can do just in case..."

"Hehe, in that case, I have a good idea."

"What? Grandpa!"

"But before that, may I ask for some clarification, young lady? How far is your home from here, and how do you commute to school?"

"My house is about ten minutes from here. I was planning to walk to school with Maria."

"The security in the royal capital is excellent, and ideally, you should have no problem walking to school... However, the most dangerous times for you are during your commute to and from school. That's when you're most likely to be targeted."

"That's...?"

"In that case, every morning, Shin can go to your house to pick you up, and you can commute to and from school together."

"Merlin! You... That's a great idea!"

"Hehe, that's right, that's right."

Grandpa looks quite proud. He probably wants to make up for the fact that grandma took charge earlier.

What are they talking about!?

"But... wouldn't that be a significant burden for Shin-kun? Going to my house first and then to school... I can't make him do that."

Despite the fact that Sicily knows she's being targeted, she's worried about my well-being. She's truly a kind girl.

"Fufu, you don't need to worry about that. Shin will use a certain magic to pick you up."

"Merida... I was planning to say that..."

Grandpa seems somewhat pushed aside.

"Then say it now."

"I'll say it now... Miss, you don't need to worry about that. Shin has a handy magic to use. That's the plan."

"A handy magic?"

"Oh, that one..."

Uncle Dis had a slightly distant look. I understood it too, but there's no need to make such a face.

"Shin, can you show us that magic?"

"Sure, but where should we go?"

"Well, how about the forest house?"

"Alright."

I thought of the house we used to live in, and then...

"Gate."

I pronounced the spell name for clarity.

A glowing gate appeared in front of us.

Ignoring the bewildered expressions of everyone, I approached the gate and instructed everyone to go through it. I entered first.

On the other side of the gate was our familiar house. It had been a few months since we returned.

One by one, people started coming out of the gate, and as they emerged, their eyes widened.

"As amazing as ever, this magic."

"It's been a while since we've been home, and it seems the barrier is functioning properly."

"Of course. Who do you think cast the enchantment?"

The adults were calm, having seen it before, but the classmates were speechless.

"This is the house where I lived until recently."

When I said that, Oug restarted and began speaking.

"Wait a minute, didn't you say you lived deep in the forest?"

"That's right. This is the deep forest."

"Why are we here?"

"We used a Gate."

"Gate?"

"Yes, it's a magic that directly connects your current location to where you want to go."

"Could it be... teleportation magic?"

"Well, it's a bit different from teleportation."

I decided not to explain that part since it probably wouldn't be understood. Even Grandpa couldn't grasp it when I explained it to him earlier, despite being able to use an extra-dimensional storage.

"Teleportation magic..."

"Isn't that something that only appears in stories?"

"I thought you weren't that ignorant of common knowledge, but this is..."

"Don't call me an ignorant magician."

If I can use it by just imagining it, it's fine.

And while looking at the house, I suddenly noticed something.

Huh? Why is the magical barrier device on the house still active?

"Hey, Grandma."

"What is it?"

"Why is the magical barrier device still active?"

"That, well, that's because of, um, that! It's Grandma's super technique!"

"Super technique...?"

"More importantly, look! We showed magic and now we're going back!"

"Uh, okay..."

And then, I opened the gate once again and returned to the house in the royal capital.

(Phew, that was close...)

When Shin asked her a question, Merida managed to awkwardly deflect the conversation. It wasn't a very convincing deflection, but...

In reality, Shin's idea of accumulating magical power and using it for continuous use of magical tools had already been put into practice. There were items available that could store magical power.

So why didn't Merida tell Shin about it? Well, the main reason was that those magical power storage devices were extremely expensive and rare. Merida herself only had one, and she couldn't afford to let Shin use it. The biggest reason, however, was...

(What would happen if I told Shin about the existence of magic stones?)

Merida was more afraid of that than anything else. And above all...

(Shin might be able to create magic stones...)

A magic stone is something that has crystallized over many years as a result of the abundant magic in this world. The principle of how it crystallizes is not yet understood. They are usually discovered underground, so there have been various studies trying to figure out if there are specific soil conditions or underground components responsible for this, but no conclusive results have been reached.

(Sigh... But I'll probably learn about it in class soon, so it's only a matter of time until it's known...)

Merida's concerns seem never-ending.

(Phew, that was close...)

She forcibly changed the subject, thanks to Grandma. Whether she didn't want to say it or couldn't say it, if Grandma won't tell, there's not much she can do. Merida doesn't know how to do it, but it seems there's a way to continue using magical tools, so Grandma will probably teach her eventually. But more importantly, there's the discussion about going to and from school.

"Do you understand, Shin? Every morning, you'll use this 'Gate' to pick up the young lady at her house and bring her back here. It would be too much of a commotion if you went directly to school from here, so you should walk to school from here. And when you come back, you can return to this house via 'Gate' from her house. Is that clear?"

"Merlin, what a great idea you have! Sicily, you'll go to the academy through our place every day!"

"Huh? Oh, I see, with this, Shin won't be burdened, right?"

"That's right. So you don't have to worry about Shin's burden."

"Yes. Shin?"

"What?"

"Um... Can I ask a favor?"

"Of course!"

"Now, shall we go to the young lady's house right away?"

"Why would we go to her house?"

"Oh, this magic can only take me to places I've been before."

"That's right. So we need to go to the young lady's house from now on."

"I see. Well, if you have this, Shin won't be burdened, right?"

"That's right. So you don't have to worry about Shin's burden."

"Okay. Shin?"

"What?"

"Um... Can I ask a favor?"

"Of course!"

"All right, then let's get ready and head there."

"Wait a moment, Uncle Dis."

"What is it?"

"Is it really okay for the king to decide so easily to visit a vassal's house?"

"Yes, Father, I'll endure it, so please endure it too."

"Sigh, I guess I've been found out. I thought we could go quietly amidst the confusion."

In the end, Shin, Grandpa, Grandma, Sicily, Maria, and Grandpa and Grandma are all eager to go to Sicily's house.

"Why are Grandpa and Grandma going too?"

"Well, from now on, we'll be responsible for the young lady's safety, so how can we not go?"

"It's only natural for the guardians to greet her."

It seems like that's just the way things are. Really?

"All right, then let's prepare and go."

"Uncle Dis, just wait a moment."

"What is it?"

"Is it really that easy for the king to decide to visit a vassal's house?"

"Yes, Father, I'll endure it, so please endure it too."

"Sigh, I guess I've been found out. I thought we could go quietly amidst the confusion."

In the end, Shin, Grandpa, Grandma, Sicily, and Maria made up the same group as when they returned from school.

A ten-minute walk would only take five minutes by carriage. Sicily's house, which they arrived at promptly, is quite large, as expected for the home of a baron. The gatekeeper at the entrance approaches them.

"Excuse me, but may I ask who you are?"

Huh? Oh, right. On the way here, Sicily was with her parents in the family carriage, so maybe he didn't recognize her.

"I'm Mike, just returning now."

"Young lady!? Is there something that happened for you to come back in a different carriage!?"

It seems like there have been recent incidents related to the cart, so he's quite on edge.

"It's okay. We were just given a ride."

"I see... And who is this?"

"This is Sage Merlin, Priest Merida, and your granddaughter's friend, Shin."

"What!? Sage? Priest?"

They are incredibly surprised, of course. If a hero suddenly appeared, that's the reaction you'd expect.

"Well, would it be okay for us to enter?"

"Yes, please!"

"Thank you."

"Oh, could you... shake my hand?"

"Ho ho ho, of course."

"Thank you!"

"Make sure to protect Sicily's house."

"Yes!"

Oh, she's teary-eyed again.

Then they entered the house. It's important to check where the Gate will be opened.

Upon returning home, Sicily's parents, who had come back early from the entrance ceremony, welcomed them.

"Oh, Sicily, you're back! So, let's hear what the Sage and Priest have to say..."

"D-Dear, we just got back. And these people are..."

"S-Sage!? Priest!?"

"Nice to meet you, I'm Merlin."

"I'm Merida."

"Nice to meet you! I'm Sicily von Claude! I'm so glad to meet you... um..."

Her father started crying!

"My, you're such a character. I apologize. I'm Sicily's mother, Irene von Claude. Now, why have the Sage and Priest come to our house?"

Sicily's mother seems curious. She looks very similar to Sicily, just with darker navy hair and an overall more adult appearance. Her father, on the other hand, is a handsome man with blond hair and emerald eyes. He's got a noble vibe to him, despite the current emotional display.

"Before that, Shin."

"Nice to meet you. I'm Merlin and Merida's grandson, and my name is Shin."

"My grandson..."

Huh? Now it looks like Grandma is about to cry.

"Oh, are you Shin, the one who helped Sicily? Thank you for helping Sicily."

"Right, Shin!! Thanks for helping Sicily! You're Sicily's, no, our family's benefactor!"

"Well, I just did what anyone would do."

"But there's something we need to discuss."

"A discussion?"

Grandpa explained the arrangement they had come up with after coming back home: me picking up Sicily in the morning and dropping her off in the evening.

"But still... isn't this relying on you a bit too much, Shin? And it must be quite a burden, right?"

There's no problem with that.

Then I opened the Gate and went back home.

"Hmm? Already back?"

Uncle Dis was there. He hadn't returned yet. He should be working.

"Your Majesty!?"

Oh, Cecile is extremely surprised. Well, it's understandable. So, go back home soon and start working.

"Oh, were you explaining about the Gate?"

Uncle Dis ignored us and went back to Sicily's house.

I understand they were amazed by the Gate magic, but if your own country's king is at the other end of the Gate, it's no wonder you'd be surprised.

"Due to this, Shin will use this magic to transport Sicily to and from school. It's no burden, and most importantly, it's safe."

"I'm really thankful that you're willing to do this for us."

"Oh, there's no need to be so formal. Anyway, both of you, lend me your ears for a moment."

"What? Oh, sure..."

Grandma whispered something to Sicily's parents, and then they shook hands after glancing at each other. What's going on? What did they agree on? And Grandpa is left out.

"...?"

But hang in there, Grandpa!

Then we also decided on the destination for the Gate connection. To avoid surprising the people in the house by suddenly appearing, they let us use a vacant room and instructed us to knock from inside to announce our arrival.

This information was also shared with the staff, and they promised not to disclose it.

"So, is everything settled now? I should be heading back soon. Sicily, I'll come to pick you up from tomorrow. Please wait with Maria."

"Sure. Thank you so much for today. I'm counting on you from now on."

"Oh, well, I apologize for joining in."

"What are you talking about? We live next door, and it's not like we wouldn't send Maria, right?"

"No, no, maybe we shouldn't disturb them alone..."

"Don't overthink it!"

It would just make things awkward!

"See you tomorrow."

"Yeah, see you again tomorrow."

"Goodbye!"

Saying that, I returned home.

ーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーーー

After Shin and the others went to Sicily's house, August muttered to himself.

"Why don't they hire bodyguards? They're blatantly ignoring that option."

He had seen through Grandpa and Grandma's scheme.