 a story
about Sharky, a tooth-brushing shark superhero

"Why does Millia admire me? Do I have some kind of obligation? But..."

"Hey, you..."

"Nevertheless, it would have been nice if she had considered her positioning a bit better if she wanted to be a barrier. Thanks to her, I missed my shot."

I can't even find words in my anger anymore.

Including my past life, this is the first time I've felt this much anger.

I let my anger guide me and tried to gather my magic once more.

At that moment...

"I... I'm sorry..."

"Millia!?"

Millia, who had suffered life-threatening injuries, began to speak.

"While I wanted to ask you to stop Lord Strom... Gah! ... I still... even so... didn't want Lord Strom to die..."

"You can't talk, Millia! I'll cast healing magic on you right away!"

"Ha... Ha... It's pointless, Saint. Healing magic doesn't work on us demons."

"What!?"

"Th-that's...!"

Healing magic doesn't work on demons!?

I've never heard of such a thing!

If that's the case, it's a fatal wound.

There's no way to heal it.

It's only a matter of time before Millia dies.

I won't let any more tragic things happen.

I will definitely stop Strom here!

I started gathering the magic power I had dissipated earlier.

"Mmph!"

While I was distracted by Millia, Strom continued to receive magic without interruption from everyone, and he couldn't exploit my opening.

"Just a bit! Can't you use it even once! If only we could land a blow on him in the end!"

"Don't mess around! You must finish him here!"

I converted the magic power I had gathered to the maximum into magic this time.

"Atomic Fusion."

"What is that incantation?"

Strom questioned, but I didn't answer.

No, I couldn't answer.

Performing atomic fusion requires an immense amount of magic power and an extreme level of concentration for control.

"Enclosure."

I enclosed the fused atoms with magic.

"What on earth..."

"Nuclear Fusion."

"What... What is that enormous energy!?"

(Translation of Japanese text provided)

Then, Strom, realizing the magnitude of that energy, let out a shocked voice.

"Direction specified."

Ignoring Strom's astonishment, I added directionality to the magic.

This was a magic I wouldn't have attempted without this capability.

"Fire!!!"

I unleashed the nuclear magic towards Strom.

"Everyone! Stop your attacks and deploy a barrier! You'll be burned to death by the residual heat!!"

Og shouted loudly when he saw the magic I had cast.

However, this magic created both "heat" and a "blast." Since heat was included within the specified direction, it had no effect on the surroundings.

But Strom, who had been targeted by it...

"Guu! Uoooooh!"

He poured all his magical power into a magical barrier to block my magic.

But...

"Guuuu! Th-this is... the barrier is..."

Strom's erected barrier was gradually being eroded by my magic.

And...

"This is the end!!!"

I poured all my magical power into it to put an end to everything.

As a result...

"Guu... Gaaaaaahhh!"

The magic I unleashed with all my strength finally broke through Strom's barrier and swallowed him.

As Strom was engulfed by the nuclear magic, disappearing and dissolving, he muttered something while gazing into the void.

And with a strangely peaceful expression, he vanished.

"Guu... Gaaaaaahhh!"

Strom, who had his barrier breached and received the full force of Shin's magic throughout his body, watched his disappearing form as he spoke towards the sky.

"...I'm sorry, Aria... Looks like I won't be able to go to your side..."

With those words, Strom, who had spread fear and chaos throughout the world, disappeared from this world.nd activities
for a team-building day with remote employees