

In the face of such a horrific experience, Sicily couldn't help but utter words.

"From the ashes... my parents and my sister's bodies were found... in an unrecognizable state..."

"..."

The experience was too harrowing for me to find words.

"After that... I started to be pursued by the nobles' enforcers... for refusing their advances... for embarrassing them with such trivial reasons..."

Millia spoke with a deep hatred, even though she seemed to be in pain.

In normal circumstances, I'd tell her not to talk, but Millia, who couldn't be healed by recovery magic, had suffered a fatal wound.

There was no hope left for her.

If that was the case, I thought I'd let her speak her mind before the end.

"I hated that noble... for killing my family... and for continuing to torment me... and the empire that allowed such nobles to thrive..."

Millia spoke with such hatred, but then she let out a self-deprecating smile.

"But... my own strength was like an ant in front of an elephant... and in the end, I was cornered by those enforcers... that's when Lord Strom saved me..."

She seemed to be remembering that moment, and for the first time, Millia wore a happy expression.

"Why he saved me, I don't know... was it just a whim... or because my name... resembled his lady's... I'll never know..."

After saying that, Millia coughed up a large amount of blood.

"Millia-san!"

Sicily couldn't do anything in the face of someone who was gravely injured and on the brink of death. She held Millia and desperately called out to her.

Even if it was just a little... to prolong her life...

"Gofh!! ... Hyu... To me, Lord Strom... appeared like a god... and when I heard our goals were the same... I decided... to do everything in my power to help Lord Strom..."

"I see..."

I couldn't say anything else.

I could understand their emotions, but...

With such complex feelings swirling inside me, that was all I could say.

While I remained speechless, Millia continued to weaken.

Even so, she was still smiling.

"It was the worst life... but still, in the end... I was able to give birth to His child... just that... makes me satisfied..."

"Millia-san..."

Sicily shed tears as she watched the fading life before her.

Millia made a final request to Sicily.

"Saint... please... take care of that child... that child is innocent..."

"Yes... yes..."

Sicily took Millia's hand and repeated those words many times.

She was determined not to let go of that hand, even if it meant getting stained with Millia's blood.

Then, Millia smiled as she looked at Sicily.

"Please... take care... of... them..."

With those words, she took her last breath.

And so, the demon incident that had been ongoing since last year finally came to a true end.

Leaving us with an indescribable sense of emptiness...