

"Geez, all of you..."

As we were making noise in the classroom, Mr. Alfred, who was unusually well-dressed, entered.

As soon as he walked in, he sighed while looking at us, who were still making noise as usual.

"Even though you're being praised as heroes and all, you're still just kids. Are you going to be alright in the future with such behavior?"

"It's alright, sensei. I'll keep Shin and the others in line."

"Well, if His Highness says so, then I suppose it's fine..."

Well, as expected from Mr. Alfred, who has been our homeroom teacher for three years, he doesn't seem to have much faith in us.

We've caused Mr. Alfred quite a bit of trouble, after all...

"By the way, since sensei is here, does that mean it's time already?"

"Yeah, that's right. It's time to head to the auditorium."

And so, we proceeded to the graduation ceremony.

This was the last event of my life at the magic academy, an event that would change my life.

Entering the auditorium one by one from Class C, we were greeted with applause from the current students, parents, and guests gathered there.

And when our Class S finally entered, the applause grew even louder.

Cheers were also rising.

Perhaps we had already gotten used to this treatment, as everyone remained calm and unembarrassed.

In the midst of it all, I briefly glanced at the parents' seats and saw grandpa and grandma holding Silver.

Silver noticed us as we entered and waved his little paws vigorously towards us.

Ah... Silver waving his paws so vigorously is so cute...

I couldn't help but smile back at him, with a smile that was so affectionate that even I could tell.

I suddenly noticed that Cecily was wearing the same affectionate smile as she waved at Silver.

That's right.

Our child is undeniably the cutest!

"Hey, you two, your faces are disturbing!"

"Don't say such cruel things so casually, will you!?"

"Disturbing!?"

As we enjoyed Silver's cute gestures, Maria made a very objectionable comment.

Both Cecily and I protested Maria's heartless words, but she ignored us and continued to look in the direction we were gazing.

"What are you looking at... Oh, it's Silver, isn't it?"

"Wow! He's waving so enthusiastically! Super cute!"

"Indeed! Isn't he adorable!?"

Just like Maria, Alice spotted Silver's cute gestures and cheered.

Seeing Silver being praised, Cecily looked very happy.

"Silver's so excited because all his big brothers and sisters who always play with him are here."

Sitting on grandma's lap, Silver's excitement was so high that it seemed like he might leap off her arms and run over to us at any moment.

Seeing that, everyone had affectionate smiles on their faces.

In the midst of that, Oug said something unexpected.

"Big brothers and sisters, huh... But since he's the child of our friends, shouldn't we be uncles and aunts rather than big brothers and sisters?"

At that, the women widened their eyes in surprise.

"Your Highness! You can't say something like that to an eighteen-year-old maiden!"

"That's right!"

"Don't call us aunties!!"

"That's just too much!"

The ones protesting were Maria, Yuri, Alice, and Lin.

Cecily and Olivia, along with the men, didn't join in the protest.

Because...

"I'm Silver's mom."

"Haha. Indeed, if I have a child, I'll be Silver-chan's aunt after this graduation."

"O-Olivia..."

Cecily is Silver's mother, and Olivia is expected to marry Mark after this graduation to carry on the Bean Workshop's lineage.

"Certainly, it's natural to be called uncles or aunts by our children's friends."

"Well, that seems only right."

"In Thor's case, be careful not to be called an aunt."

"What!? There's no way I'd be called that!"

Tony, Thor, and Julius also had plans to get married after this graduation.

In other words, the protests were made by those without partners...

"Shin... Aren't you thinking something extra?"

"Huh? Wh-what do you mean?"

"Really, are you sure?"

"I-I am, I am!"

While trying to avoid Maria's suspicious questioning, something happened...

"Enough of this, all of you!! Sit down already!!"

"Yes!!"

Alfred-sensei, who was walking in front of us, shouted as if he had reached his limit, and we hurriedly took our seats.

"Good grief... to embarrass yourselves at the very end..."

"No! The commotion was all because of Oug's unnecessary remark, right!?"

Oug sighed as if it had nothing to do with him, so I couldn't help but retort, and I could almost hear the onomatopoeic sound "Girori!" as Alfred-sensei glared at me.

Uh-oh, if we anger him further, it feels like Alfred-sensei's stomach might develop a hole.

Despite his stern face from the teachers' section, Alfred-sensei's reputation was exceptionally high. Even though we, the Ultimate Magicians, were hailed in the world as heroes and the world's greatest group of magicians, some teachers found it difficult to say anything to us. However, Alfred-sensei continued to provide strict guidance to us, just as he did when we entered the academy. He was even referred to as a role model for teachers who didn't show any favoritism, not even to heroes. Some even suggested he could be the next academy head.

And yet, this teacher was glaring at us.

... I should behave myself from this point onwards.

As this thought passed through my mind, the ceremony continued, and the speech by the representative of the current students was completed.

Next was...

"Now, for the graduation student representative speech. Our graduation student representative, Shin Wolford-kun."

"Yes!"

Finally, it was my turn for the graduation student representative speech.

I was incredibly nervous when I gave the speech as the representative of the new students at the entrance ceremony, but I also delivered the farewell speech as the representative of the current students at last year's graduation ceremony. I had even spoken in front of larger audiences as the representative of the Ultimate Magicians. There was nothing to fear anymore!

With that thought, I ascended the stage...

"Papa!!"

Before I knew it, I had rolled over on the stage.

"W-What..."

Why did Silver have to shout out at this moment!?

The solemn ceremony was interrupted by a child's loud voice, and the audience burst into laughter upon seeing me fall.

Oh no... this is embarrassing! This is really embarrassing, isn't it!?

"Silver! Shh!"

"Aw!"

When I scolded Silver from the stage, he covered his mouth with both hands.

Uh, he's so cute...

Instantly, the entire hall burst into laughter once again.

Oh no, I acted as usual on the stage where everyone was watching in confusion!

Oh, seriously... I was planning to end it neatly at the very end, and now this... What a mess.

Sigh, I give up. No use being sentimental. Let's keep it light like always.

"Ladies and gentlemen, esteemed guests, I'm sorry for causing a commotion. Teachers, I apologize for not maintaining the decorum. Current students, I'm sorry for being such a senior."

With that opening, laughter erupted once more.

"I still can't believe it's been three years since I enrolled in this High Magic Academy. These three years have been filled with rich and enjoyable days."

Now, let's get a little serious.

"My main goal in enrolling in this academy was to learn common sense. I believe that goal has been sufficiently achieved."

Immediately, a burst of laughter erupted. Why!?

"And, at the same time, I also aimed to make friends of the same age. I can say that goal was achieved right after I entered. It's not an exaggeration to say it's the most precious thing I've gained at this academy."

At my words, the members of Class S were grinning, though they also seemed a bit embarrassed.

Well, if a friend were to say this to your face, you'd probably feel embarrassed too. I wouldn't be able to say this anywhere else.

"Not only that, I've also found a lifelong partner. And as you all saw a moment ago, although he's adopted, I've been blessed with a child."

Silver is well-known, not as a child of demons, but as a miraculous child who miraculously survived in a city occupied by demons and was raised by the Demon Lord and the Saint.

"In my life, there has never been such a rich and fulfilling time. And I attribute this to the warmth of the parents who watched over me, the guidance of the teachers who taught me with strictness, and all the seniors and juniors who accepted me."

This is the honest truth.

I've been able to lead such a happy student life because everyone around me, despite my exceptional abilities that set me apart from others, didn't isolate me as an outcast but welcomed me instead.

"Today, we graduate from this academy, but we will never forget the three years we spent here. Thank you all so much. Graduation student representative, Shin Wolford."

Saying that, I bowed deeply, and the audience erupted into thunderous applause.

"Senpai!"

"Demon Lord-senpai, you're wonderful!!"

"Make me your mistress!!"

Hey, who said that last one?

Don't say such things here! Silly, you're going to make Shisiry lose her composure again!

As I returned to my seat nervously, Oug was barely containing his laughter.

He must be looking forward to the commotion that's about to happen.

Damn, his taste hasn't changed a bit!

Ignoring Oug, I glanced to the side and noticed Shisiry was smiling calmly.

"You're as popular as ever, aren't you?"

"T-There's nothing like that. It's just a tasteless joke."

"I know. Shin, you wouldn't make someone your mistress, right?"

"Of course not."

"Hehe."

Since our marriage, Shisiry had become less jealous about little things.

In fact, she even seemed to have acquired a strange dignity.

"Well, this is boring."

"Oug, you..."

He was hoping for some excitement, as always.

Well, that's Oug for you.

"Still, you've really mellowed, Shisiry."

"Is that so?"

"Yeah, you have. If it were the Shisiry from last year, the whole place would have frozen up, right?"

"That's not true."

Well, well...

For a moment, that image crossed my mind too.

"Is it because you got married?"

"And Silver is a big part of it."

It seemed Alice and Lynn shared the same sentiment as Shisiry explained the reason for her calmness.

Perhaps they found it surprising that everyone thought that way. Shisiry smiled a little wistfully and replied.

"That might be true. And Shin takes care of Silver with all his might, and he showers me with a lot of love. There's no way I could doubt someone like Shin."

Shisiry looked truly happy as she said this, and I couldn't help but feel glad I had worked hard.

But Maria and the others' faces turned red.

Why?

"Oh, to shower with love..."

"Wow, so deep~"

"Aww, Shisiry's naughty!"

"This is like seeing their biological children's faces."

"Showering with love, it's not that kind of meaning!!"

It means I cherish Shisiry!

While shaking my head at Maria, Yuri, Alice, and Lynn, who were saying absurd things, I looked at Shisiry. She had turned bright red and covered her face with both hands.

Hey! Doing that here will lead to misunderstanding... Well, it's not entirely a misunderstanding, but it could be taken the wrong way!

"I see. So the Wolford family is starting to make children from tonight?"

"Don't say such things in front of everyone! By the way, if it's 'also,' doesn't it mean Oug's place is the same?"

"I'm a royal, you know. Producing offspring is almost a duty."

"This guy...!?"

Oug went to such lengths to tease me!

As I shivered at Oug's nonsense, Alfred-sensei's angry shout echoed through the still-filled auditorium, and the whole place burst into laughter once again.

Ah... In the end, it turned out like this, didn't it?