

"Oh, I see. Haha, my apologies. Well then, it's time to switch to presidential mode."

With that, Mr. Aaron cleared his throat.

"His Royal Highness Prince August, Representative Shin of the Ultimate Magicians. We are sincerely grateful for your response to Els' request."

Oh, I've only seen him scolded by grandma before, but in moments like this, he feels like a statesman.

"Now, regarding this request... Shin, have you heard the details from Prince August?"

"No, he mentioned that there were some complicated circumstances, and I was told to get the detailed information directly from the president."

"That's right. Well then, shall we discuss the details? But first, Shin."

"Yes?"

"Do you know about the eastern side of Els?"

"The eastern side of Els? Um... there are rugged mountains, I believe?"

"That's right."

"And beyond those rugged mountains, there's a vast desert, and we don't know the details beyond that... right?"

"That's right. But that's not entirely accurate."

"What? Which part isn't accurate?"

"The part about not knowing the details beyond that."

"So, you mean... there's some knowledge about what's beyond the desert?"

"Yes, that's right. Beyond the vast desert after crossing the mountains... there's a country."

Huh? What's that? I've never heard of this before!

As expected, everyone around is also in a state of commotion.

The only ones who aren't surprised are the Els camp and Aug.

"Every few years, there have been people who crossed the desert and mountains to reach Els."

"What? But I've never heard such a story before."

Well, yeah, because Els has imposed information control to prevent such information from spreading.

"Why on earth..."

"We don't have diplomatic relations with any country yet, do we? We want to monopolize trade, right?"

Oh, here it is, the monopoly of information by merchants.

Well, it's true that Els could make a huge profit if they could monopolize trade.

I can't deny that, but... merchants are always so sly.

Huh?

But wait a minute.

"Why would you tell us about such information that you want to monopolize?"

When I asked that, Mr. Aaron let out a deep sigh.

"Well, Els might not have told you about it, but we can't help it."

"What do you mean?"

"Els had been trying to establish trade with a country beyond the desert... called Kwanlong, but..."

"But?"

"It just wasn't working out no matter what we tried. Can you guess why?"

The reason they couldn't establish trade with the country beyond the desert.

There can only be one reason.

"Was it because there was no reliable means of transportation?"

"That's right. Crossing the mountains is already difficult, and even if you manage to cross them somehow, you're met with the desert next. It's quite a challenge."

That makes sense.

Even if you have someone who can use dimensional storage to transport goods, you still have to go there to make the delivery.

Moreover, trade isn't just about delivering goods. You have to bring back their goods when you return.

In that case, merchants must accompany the shipments.

The mountains on the eastern side of Els are treacherous, and it seems that untrained merchants would have a tough time crossing them.

Even if you somehow manage to cross the mountains, you're faced with the vast desert beyond.

"Every time, the people who managed to reach Els from Kwanlong were usually in bad shape. So, well, I thought it would be fine if it happened, but..."

"Is it because there's an urgent situation that requires it?"

"That's right."

What's this? It sounds incredibly troublesome.

"As for the details on that matter... Hey, bring those two here."

"Yes!"

Mr. Aaron called for someone to bring two individuals to the meeting.

Based on the flow of the conversation so far, this...

"Who's coming now..."

"You've guessed it."

As Mr. Aaron said that, the door to the conference room opened simultaneously.

Two individuals appeared through the opened door of the conference room.

The first one was a woman.

She was petite, with long black hair styled in a unique manner. Her features were less defined compared to the people from Earlshide, and she had a somewhat East Asian appearance from a previous life.

Following her was a man.

He was robust and well-built. He also had black hair, braided into three sections at the back. He, too, had an East Asian appearance.

"Let me introduce them. They're from the eastern country of Kwanlong, Ms. Min Xiaolin and Mr. Liefan."