

"Nice to meet you, I'm Min Xiaolin."

"I'm Liefan."

The girl who entered the conference room introduced herself first, and the well-built man followed. Despite being from a country with limited interaction, they spoke fluently in a language that I had thought might not be understood.

"Nice to meet you, I'm Shin Wolforde. I'm relieved that we share the same language," I said.

Upon hearing that, the girl smiled a little, seeming pleased.

"No, the language in this country is quite different from our country's language."

"Huh? But..."

She was so fluent that I thought she might be a native speaker.

She must have sensed my confusion and explained with a smile, "Originally, I had learned some of the language of this country."

"Huh? Is that so?"

"Yes, didn't you hear that people from our country had arrived in this country earlier?"

"Yes, I heard that."

"So, don't you think that people from this country might also go to our country in the future?"

"Well, that's certainly possible."

"I had been studying languages because I wanted to do business with the countries on this side in the future."

"I see. That makes sense. I didn't notice any differences, so I thought our languages were the same."

"Haha, thank you. Well, I can only speak this country's language now. However..."

"However?"

"The language of this country is, well... different from what I learned, so at first, I didn't understand what was being said."

"Oh, this is Els, right..."

Elsian dialect was an accent of the common language, so if you wanted to teach a foreigner the language, it would be the common language first. But even though I was learning it, everyone around me was speaking in Elsian dialect.

"So, it sounded like a mix of languages?"

"Yes... even though their language is understandable, I didn't know what they were saying. It took me six months to finally be able to have detailed conversations."

"Six months? If it was just about conveying requests, you could have done that quickly..."

"Indeed, I could have. But with strange words mixed into their language, I couldn't be careless. Once you've entered into a contract, even if it's unfavorable, you'll have to accept it."

"I see, that makes sense."

Indeed, when you don't fully understand the language, it's difficult to trust the other party completely.

So for six months, I focused solely on language comprehension.

"That's amazing. You're not much older than me, yet you're so talented," I said in admiration. The girl blushed and giggled, but instead, the man who introduced himself as Liefan began to boast.

"Of course. Xiaolin is excellent."

"Huh...?"

I had thought she seemed talented, but those words caught me off guard.

"Xiaolin-sama? Huh? Isn't it Min-sama?"

"Min is the family name. Xiaolin is the first name."

"Oh, the family name comes first."

"Yes."

I see.

It seemed that there were quite a few cultural differences due to the lack of interaction over the years. As we continued to exchange greetings, Mr. Aaron joined the conversation.

"Ms. Min, may I explain our situation to these folks?"

"Oh, yes. Go ahead."

Xiaolin's demeanor changed from the friendly atmosphere earlier to a serious one.

"First, I apologize for involving you in our situation."

With a deep bow, both Xiaolin and Liefan expressed their regret.

"We are merchants from Kuanglong. We came here for business."

Well, that makes sense.

"But Els and Kuanglong are very far apart, and regular travel between them is difficult."

That's the reason they haven't been able to trade until now.

"If we can't trade with Els... our family will perish."

"What a sudden dire situation, isn't it!?"

Perish? What's going on?

"The products we deal in are no longer selling well in Kuanglong. So, we must sell them abroad."

"They're not selling well? Why not? What kind of products are you dealing with?"

Are they handling something dangerous that's no longer selling well domestically?

Is it even safe to deal with such products in Els?

As I pondered, Mr. Aaron received something from one of his subordinates.

"Shin, take a look at this," he said and showed me a piece of leather.

"Leather? Are you dealing with leather, Ms. Min?"

"Yes, that's right. Can you tell what kind of leather this is?"

"No matter what you say..."

I can tell it's not cow leather.

It looks somewhat reptilian... but is there reptilian leather like this?

"I'm sorry, I don't know," I said, and for some reason, Mr. Aaron nodded.

Why?

"You probably wouldn't know. In fact, if you did, I'd have to ask why."

"Is this leather really that serious?"

"It's not just serious. If you have something like this, you could get arrested."

"Arrested... What's going on?"

"This is..."

"This is...?"

After a theatrical pause, Mr. Aaron revealed the true nature of the leather.

"It's dragon leather."

At those words, both I and those around me held our breath.

"D-Dragon... hunting them is already a major crime, isn't it?"

"That's right. Only five have been officially recognized: the four you guys defeated during the War of the Demon Lord and one that Mr. Marlin defeated a long time ago. Everything else is illegal poaching."

"And this dragon leather is being sold as a product..."

Is Ms. Min's business involved in the shadowy underworld?

"In our country, it's indeed a luxury item, but not that rare. In fact, we sometimes have to cull the numbers because they've multiplied too much."

"What!?"

So that means...

"Being able to trade with Xiaolin and Liefan means the circulation of dragon leather...?"

"That's right. We can't pass up on a deal this big, can we?"

"That's, that's true."

"So, we want to trade with Ms. Min, but the problem is transportation... or rather, means of travel. That's why we've come to you, Shin."

"Well, I don't quite understand the meaning of that..."

"Hahaha, Shin, don't be too modest. You know that you guys can fly in the sky, right?"

"Huh? No way..."

Are they asking us to fly to Kuanglong or something?

Certainly, once we go there, we can use a gate for future travel...

Could it be that they're requesting us to keep shuttling between Els and Kuanglong from now on?

I thought that might be the nature of their request, but what Mr. Aaron proposed went beyond my expectations.

"That's right! You, Shin, who can fly and are also a maverick in crafting magical tools... we want you to create a flying vehicle for us!"

...".

"Huh!?"

I involuntarily shouted out in the presence of Els' leaders.

What? A flying vehicle?

Even Ogre told me not to create a car.

And now, they're skipping cars and going straight for flying vehicles?

I glanced at Ogre, who let out a sigh as if he had given up.

Huh? Has Ogre also given his approval?

"That's right. We can't rely on you guys every time for trade, so we need a means of transportation that we can use ourselves."

"I understand your concerns, Shin. That's why we promise not to use the vehicle for anything other than trade with Kuanglong. We won't crush the carriage business."

"I see."

"Furthermore, we will handle the material procurement and construction ourselves. Is there any way you can accept this?"

With both hands together in a begging gesture and his head bowed, Aaron said this.

I looked at Ogre, and he nodded slightly in agreement.

"Alright, I understand. Then, I'll take on the task."

Once Ogre gave his approval, Aaron raised his head excitedly.

"Really!? Great! Then, I'll start designing it right away..."

Aaron was about to leave the meeting room with these words, but Ogre stopped him.

"President Aaron."

"Huh? What is it?"

"Unless we formalize the discussion we had the other day in an official document, I cannot accept this proposal yet."

"Oh, right. Alright, let's quickly summarize the main points, then."

Aaron said this and returned to his seat once more.

The points Ogre mentioned were as follows: first, the ownership of the vehicle to be created this time will belong to the Ultimate Magicians, and it will be provided to Els only on a temporary basis. Other countries besides Els must acknowledge the establishment of diplomatic relations with Kuanglong. Other countries besides Els can also borrow the flying vehicle if they wish. Initially, when traveling to Kuanglong, the Ultimate Magicians will accompany as well.

Afterward, the details will be worked out by bureaucrats and formalized into a document.

"Is that all? Well, then..."

"Aaron, wait..."

Now it was Xiaolin who stopped Aaron, who looked like he was about to rush off again.

"What is it?"

"There's still something important left to discuss."

Is there something more to this?

"Oh, right. Sorry about that."

Aaron said this and directed his gaze toward me, or rather, towards Cecily, who was sitting next to me.

"Mrs. Wolforde."

"Oh, yes?"

"The truth is, there's someone we want Mrs. Wolforde to treat."

"Me...?"

When Cecily said this, she looked at me with uncertainty.

Seeing Cecily like that, Aaron continued speaking.

"Ah, yes. Well, publicly, Mrs. Wolforde is known as the world's greatest healing magician, but I also know that you, Shin, are amazing."

"So, why..."

"I'll explain that."

Saying this, Xiaolin went to Cecily and explained the reason.

"The Saintess, I'd like her to cure my sister's illness."trip
to see the northern lights in Norway