

When Mr. Shaolin said that, he lowered his head with a grave expression.

"Lord Walford, so what is Suilan-sama's illness?"

Since Mr. Shaolin fell silent, Mr. Leafan asked me on his behalf.

"Suilan-sama? Is that Shaolin's older sister's name?"

"That's right. But more importantly, what is Suilan-sama's illness?"

"Oh, um, well, I haven't examined her thoroughly, so I can't be sure, but..."

This is difficult to say.

I understand the difficulty of delivering a medical diagnosis.

"Likely... uterine cancer, I think..."

Although I hadn't examined her, it seemed to be a disease in the uterus.

When I heard that they had to remove the child during treatment, it was the only thing that came to my mind, not being a medical specialist originally.

Well, I've heard that there are many gynecological diseases, and I could be wrong, but it's best to consider the worst-case scenario.

Thinking that way, when I revealed the diagnosis, the surroundings fell silent.

Well, of course.

Cancer is something close to a death sentence, even in my previous life.

When I was alive, I heard that the survival rates had improved considerably, but cancer was still the leading cause of death.

In this world, because of the ability to use magic for treatment, medical knowledge is lagging behind.

The reason why Sissily's healing magic is said to be one of the best in the world is because I taught while dissecting animals and explained the biology.

In such a situation, cancer is undoubtedly an incurable disease.

Shouldn't I have said that even if I had expected it?

I began to regret it.

"Um, Shin-kun. What is uterine cancer?"

"Huh?"

I involuntarily spoke in a dumbfounded voice in response to Sissily's words.

Huh? You don't know what cancer is?

"Huh? Um, you know, the one that can occur in the stomach or lungs."

"Even if you say that..."

Huh? Seriously, you don't know cancer at all?

"Really..."

"Huh?"

"Oh, no. I mean, it's a disease that can occur in places other than the uterus, and when it does, it usually leads to death..."

"Death!? So does that mean my sister can't be saved anymore?"

Oops! I said something thoughtless.

I need to steer the conversation somehow.

"No! I mean, is it possible to slow down the progression of the disease? By the way, what is that method?"

"I used a talisman when the disease developed. Thanks to that, the progression of the disease stopped, but in exchange, the child..."

"Oh, I see... You mentioned a talisman?"

"Yes, this."

Saying so, Mr. Shaolin took out a talisman with some patterns written on it.

"Um, what is this?"

"This might not be familiar to people from your world, but this is called a charm. We use it to perform magic."

"I see..."

"By the way, it's written as 'disease healing' in the Kwanglong language."

I see, it's not just a pattern. From Mr. Shaolin's explanation, these characters are similar to kanji, representing meaning in a single character. They have fewer characters than what we use in our daily writing.

As I was examining the talisman, Aug muttered, "It looks similar to the imbuing characters Shin uses..."

Uh-oh. Aug noticed something unusual again. I need to steer the conversation away from this.

"So, using this talisman means that magic can be effective against the disease, right?"

"Yes, that's correct. But... it only delays the progression, and the actual treatment..."

Mr. Shaolin said this, lowering her head again, but there was a glimmer of hope in her words.

"Mr. Shaolin, while it is indeed a challenging disease, if magic can be effective, it doesn't mean there's no hope."

"Huh!?"

In response to my words meant to encourage her, Mr. Shaolin perked up and raised her head.

"R-really!?"

"It's just a possibility. We can't say for certain, and it might be a different illness. So please don't get your hopes up too much."

"But even if there's a chance..."

Saying that, Mr. Shaolin began to shed tears.

Leafan gently embraced Mr. Shaolin's shoulders.

Oops, this is...

"All right, is the conversation done? Then, we have design discussions to attend to. Shin, let's go!"

"Huh!? W-wait!!"

As I was contemplating the relationship between Mr. Shaolin and Mr. Leafan, I was forcefully dragged away by Mr. Aaron, who interrupted my thoughts.

Hey, come on!

Can't you read the room?! Senior disciple!trip
to see the best of New York in 3 days