 fun activities
to do indoors with my high-energy dog

Three months have passed since I received a request from Mr. Aaron in Els.

Then, I received a message from Mr. Aaron that the flying boat had been completed.

In the end, this vehicle came to be called a "flying boat," which means a ship that flies in the sky. My concept illustration was also like a boat with wings attached.

Anyway, the frame was ready, and they wanted us to enchant it immediately. So, we all gathered and headed back to Els.

Oh, and there was a guest too.

When we stepped out of the building that connects to the gate Els had prepared, Mr. Aaron, Mr. Shaolin, and Mr. Leafan were waiting for us.

"Oh, welcome... huh!?"

Mr. Aaron greeted us with a beaming smile as soon as we came out, but the moment he saw the guest among us, his smile turned into despair.

Well, I guess that's how it would be.

"What's with the attitude, young man? Do you want to be scolded?"

Of course, it was Grandma who complained about Mr. Aaron's attitude.

Wait, scolded...

"No, not at all! It's just that it was a bit unexpected, or rather, I was just surprised..."

"Oh, is that so? I thought you looked like you were in despair because you saw a face you didn't want to see."

"That's not it! You're my respected master! If I had known, I would have welcomed you with regret!"

Mr. Aaron desperately tried to cover up, while Grandma looked at him with a cold gaze.

In this situation, Els' important figures are also present, and they are all watching the exchange between the two with bated breath.

What's with this tension?

"Well, never mind that. Young man, this time you've placed quite an order."

"Uh, well..."

Yes. I told Grandma about Mr. Aaron's request to make a flying vehicle, and it was necessary for me to talk to Aaron in person. Mr. Aaron was sweating nervously under Grandma's cold gaze, but someone stepped in to defend him.

And so, this time I came to see the completion of the flying boat.

Well, it's not just that, though.

"Hey, how long are you gonna stand there, Aaron? Won't you guide us soon?"

"Oh, Dad. Were you here?"

"I've been here the whole time."

Oh, that's rare. Grandpa's using his Els dialect sense of humor.

But still, he didn't notice Grandpa. He must be really scared of Grandma.

...It's not that Grandpa is in the shadow, is it?

Following Grandpa's words, Aaron guided us to the flying boat construction site.

It was covered with a tall partition, making it impossible to see inside.

When we stepped inside the partition...

"Oh..."

The size of the hull is about the size of a large bus, maybe?

Large wings extend from both sides of the hull.

Everyone is silently gazing at this ship with an unprecedented shape.

In the midst of this, there was someone who didn't read the room.

"Wow!"

Silver, who was carried by Shisily, was the only one who raised his voice excitedly in front of that large vehicle.

"How about it, Silver? Isn't Uncle's ship amazing?"

"Amazing! Uncle, amazing!"

"Hahaha! That's right, it's amazing!"

Silver seems delighted to be called "amazing" by Uncle.

Aaron is Grandma's disciple and was friends with Grandma's late son, Slaine. So he treats me more like a nephew than a junior disciple.

Naturally, he also treats Silver, who is Slaine's son, as a family member.

However, perhaps because Silver is a boy, he is very interested in vehicles.

Looking around, among the members of the Ultimate Magicians, the women are just dumbfounded, but the men have a different sparkle in their eyes.

They're sparkling like children.

Especially Mark, whose family runs a workshop, is examining every nook and cranny of the flying boat while exclaiming, "Wow! It's amazing!"

"How about it, Shin? Is it as ordered?"

"Yes. This should be fine."

"But, even though I only requested it to be sturdy, is it really good?"

"Yes. After all, we'll be flying in the air with magic, so we don't need to worry about aerodynamics and such."

"Hmm... What do you mean?"

"What? Oh... When building a ship, you design it to pass through water resistance, right?"

"Of course."

"This is the aerial version of that."

"I see. So you asked them to make it in the shape of a ship?"

"I don't know the details either. That's why I just requested it to be sturdy."

"I see."

"Well, then, I'd like to enchant it..."

I said this and glanced at Grandma.

"It's fine, do it here. It's not like you'll understand anything by watching," Grandma said.

"Yeah, understood."

With Grandma's permission, I cast the "levitation" spell on the entire hull and added "air injection" to the air vents. The parts on the lower part of the flying boat's hull are connected to the control room, and when magic flows into the control room, the levitation magic activates. I added it to the entire hull just in case. The air vents are also connected to the lever in the pilot's seat. The flaps on the main wing and tail wing are controlled from the cockpit, so enchanting them with magic isn't necessary. After adding these enchantments, it was done in no time.

Aaron, who was watching, let out a thoughtful sound. "As always, I have no idea what you're doing."

It's because it's in kanji. I think to someone unfamiliar, it would just look like patterns.

Shao Lin is also silently watching. More importantly...

"Mr. Aaron, now that the enchantments are done, would you like to try a test flight?"

"Oh! Of course, that's the plan!" Aaron said, then went to open the flying boat's door, but...

"Huh? What's this? Hey, how do you open this? It won't budge!"

He couldn't open the door, and he was grumbling at it. The flying boat's door is designed to be sturdy to withstand changes in air pressure at high altitudes, and it won't open without following a specific procedure. I explained this during the design phase, but did he forget? In the end, one of the technicians had to open the door for us, and finally, we were able to enter.

"Alright, in that case, I'll take the wheel first..."

"President, please wait a moment."

"What is it?"

The technician who had opened the door stopped Aaron, who was about to head for the pilot's seat.

"We are still in the process of selecting the pilot. But we haven't yet figured out how to operate this flying boat. So, for now, we would like to request Mr. Wolford, the originator of this flying boat, to handle the piloting."

Upon hearing this, Aaron visibly disappointed.

I feel like... I've been causing a lot of disappointment lately.

"Well, if that's how it is... It can't be helped. First, I'll give the helm to Shin here, and second, it'll be my turn!"

"Alright, I understand. But please take over as the pilot afterward."

"I got it."

Now, Aaron says that, but can he immediately take over after experiencing piloting a flying vehicle for the first time?

Actually, I'm quite excited about this.

Even in my past life, I had a desire to try piloting an aircraft.

However, piloting an airplane is difficult, and airplanes themselves are prohibitively expensive for ordinary people.

But this flying boat uses levitation magic for lift and wind magic for propulsion. It was designed without any aerodynamics involved. That means, once the magic is activated, anyone can pilot it without needing advanced technical skills.

I eagerly took my seat in the pilot's cockpit.

While it would be unheard of in an airplane, no one took their seats, and they all watched me from behind the pilot's seat.

By the way, the person selected as the pilot is sitting next to me.

"Alright, we're ready for takeoff."

I said this and channeled magic into the control room.

And then...

"Oh, wow?"

Being made of wood, it creaked a bit, but the flying boat smoothly left the ground.

This was the moment of birth of the world's first flying vehicle in this world.a content calendar
for a TikTok account