 some names
for my cafe-by-day, bar-by-night business

"Shaolin-san stared at me intently.

Seeing her serious demeanor, I replied without averting my gaze.

"I can make it."

The moment I said that, it was clear that not only Shaolin-san and Leafan-san, but also everyone on the team, felt the tension.

"You, uh..."

"But I won't make it."

"...Huh?"

Shaolin-san seemed about to say something, but I cut her off and made it clear that I wouldn't create such a weapon.

"Even if I were to make that, what would you do with it? Where would you use it?"

"W-well...to conquer Kuanglong or world domination..."

I was genuinely taken aback by Shaolin-san's words.

"Ugh..."

"Huh? A sigh?"

"Why is it that people with power always seem to want world domination?"

"W-well...it's kind of a standard thing."

I've been asked that by Navar-san who's with us this time before. But I definitely won't do something so troublesome."

"T-troublesome?"

"Because, isn't it? Right now, I have the best wife, Sicily, a super cute son, Silver, grandparents, all the Ultimate Magicians, and the Walpurgis Company is doing well, so I'm economically satisfied. What's there to be dissatisfied about?"

"When you put it that way, Lord Shin, you're really living the dream, aren't you?"

"Does the concept of that word, 'living the dream,' exist in Kuanglong too?"

"It does. People who have a partner, many friends, and a successful career, and whose real lives are fulfilling, become objects of envy for those who don't have that. Lord Shin is the ultimate in living the dream! I'm jealous!"

"Shaolin-san!?"

"Even I, even I want one or two partners!"

"Two might be a bit much..."

"My family is reasonably well-off, so all I need are partners! Why am I doing something like this!?"

"I don't know! Please calm down a bit!"

"Huh!"

Suddenly, Shaolin-san started going off on a tangent about having partners.

Wait, does that mean Leafan-san is not a romantic interest after all?

Thinking that, I looked at Leafan-san, who seemed a bit surprised but didn't seem to mind.

Hmm."

"In any case, I don't want to get involved in world domination or anything troublesome like that, and I have no intention of putting my family in danger."

"I see."

"For now, can you understand that nothing like what Shaolin-san and the others are concerned about will happen?"

"I guess so. There's nothing else to do but trust you, right?"

"At this point, all I can say is trust me."

There's nothing else I can say to make them trust me. I think I've provided enough reasons for not taking any action, so I should be fine.

"Is this the end of the conversation then?"

"Oh, no. The original topic hasn't ended."

"Oh, that's right."

I had completely forgotten.

The conversation had shifted from the ancient civilization and weapons capable of destroying the world to a different direction.

"By the way, why does Lord Shin know the characters from the ancient civilization? They look too similar to be a coincidence."

"Well..."

What should I say to this? I had used Chinese characters in my Enchantment Magic, thinking that this world didn't have them. In reality, the characters used in Kuanglong felt like primitive pictograms when Shaolin-san showed me spell seals.

So, even if I were to say that these characters were used in a civilization that no longer exists, it would be hard to explain.

"To be honest, I don't know."

I was quite confused, so I honestly expressed my current feelings. I wasn't lying. I was just not saying the whole truth.

"Do you think you can accept that?"

"Well, even if you say that, I can only say that it's what came to mind."

Right now, I lied.

Honestly, I didn't feel good about it.

I'm deceiving everyone.

But there are certain things I can't be completely honest about.

If I were to tell the truth, it would only create more confusion.

No, that's just an excuse.

I didn't want everyone to dislike me.

That desire was strong.

After a moment of silence, an unexpected person broke the silence.

"Could it be this?"

"Tony?"

In response to Tony's words, I was at a loss for words.

Why? How did he come to that conclusion?

Ignoring my confusion, Tony continued.

"You know, it's in the teachings of the Church of the Creator as well. If you accumulate good deeds, you will be guided to the presence of God and be reborn as a human."

"That's true."

"In that case, the religion that has spread in Kuanglong teaches the same thing, right?"

Og and Shaolin-san agreed with Tony's words.

Religions tend to arrive at similar teachings even if the world changes.

With their approval, Tony continued his words.

"Yeah, so maybe, Shin's past life was a person from the ancient civilization, and even if he's reborn, those memories are vaguely preserved?"

After Tony said that, silence enveloped the area once again.

The atmosphere was heavy.

After enduring the silence for a while, Shaolin-san heaved a sigh.

"To be honest, I don't know what to say... But maybe that's the closest to the truth."

"Huh?"

"This may sound like gossip, but there are people in our country who claim to have memories from their past lives."

"Yeah, there are some in our country too."

"Huh?"

I've been saying "Huh?" since a while ago.

It's all so unexpected.

"I thought you were saying something foolish all this time... but when I think about it, I can't help but find it plausible."

"I feel the same way. If Shin has memories from his past life in the ancient civilization deep in his heart, then his exceptional abilities make more sense."

Certainly. Looking at it that way, it might explain Shin's abnormal power... maybe?"

"I'm convinced! I've always wondered where Wolfor's flexible ideas come from, but it could be because they're unconsciously imprinted in him, right?"

Og seemed unsure but Mark finally had a clear expression on his face as if he'd found the answer.

"That makes sense... Shin's extraordinary actions might have been commonplace in the ancient civilization."

"Unconsciously performing such actions?"

"If we were shown that magic, I'd definitely believe it."

Maria, Yuri, and Olivia also began to agree.

"Oh! Could it be that the idea for those clothes is the same?"

"That's highly likely. Those are just too innovative."

Alice and Lynn were probably referring to the matching clothes with Mei-chan.

I'm sure they're different, but I'll keep quiet.

"By the way, why was Lady Shaolin so concerned about Lord Shin being able to use ancient language?"

"That's right. Is there any inconvenience other than the weapons from earlier?"

As everyone began to accept the explanation, only Thor and Julius focused their attention on Shaolin-san.

Come to think of it, why did it have to come to this point? That thought seemed to be shared by everyone as they gazed at Shaolin-san.

With everyone's attention suddenly directed at her, Shaolin-san seemed a bit overwhelmed, but she responded defiantly.

"Well... I couldn't just overlook it, could I? Maybe... maybe Lord Shin read a book that explained the meaning of the ancient language!"