trip
to see the best of New York in 3 days

"More precisely, a device for refining magic stones... I suppose."

I said that while looking at the Els members who were in a heated discussion in the corner of the room.

"This is something we shouldn't tell not only Els but also Shaolin and the others. It could become a dangerous spark if we do."

"That means..."

Olivia asked with a fearful tone.

"A war could break out over that device."

"A war..."

"For now, I doubt Kwang-Lung knows the conditions for refining magic stones. Their understanding is probably limited to the fact that there is a mine where they can obtain a lot of magic stones by chance. Otherwise, the issue of magic stones might have been included in the trade conditions during our previous meeting. For us, it's quite a valuable card."

"True."

In the previous meeting, Kwang-Lung's attention was solely on dragon leather and airships. To them, magic stones are likely just a common resource that can be easily obtained from that mine. So they didn't pay it much attention. And that fact is highly advantageous for us. We can make a direct contract with the magic stone mine without Kwang-Lung realizing it and procure magic stones at a low cost. When they finally notice, it will be too late.

"Feels like we're turning into unscrupulous merchants..."

"In business, it's all about negotiations. How well you can acquire what you want from the other party at a lower cost. That's what it boils down to."

"That may be true, but it feels like we're deceiving them..."

"We're not lying as long as we don't say it. In other words, we're not deceiving them."

"It sounds like sophistry."

"It is sophistry."

"It's scary that you're saying that knowingly."

"Don't compliment me."

"I'm not complimenting you..."

It's scary. Being a merchant and a royal. I can't handle these negotiations. It's like I can't help but be considerate of the other party. Even in my own Wolford Trading Company, I delegate all such negotiation matters to specialists. I just focus on product development. It's all about finding the right person for the job. It seems that Mr. Naval also agrees as he quickly reached a consensus that the matter of magic stones should not be mentioned during the negotiations. As we were having a new meeting, there was a knock on the door of the reception room.

"Yes, please come in."

In response to my words, Shaolin, Liefan, Suyan, and Yunha entered. Upon seeing Suyan, Cecily hastily stood up from the sofa.

"It's no good, Suyan! You should still be resting!"

Cecily said this and quickly had Suyan sit on the sofa. Maria and Alice, who were sitting on that sofa, stood up and moved behind the opposite sofa.

"I'm sorry, but Suyan insisted on speaking with all of you."

"It's fine, we'll finish up soon."

Suyan said that and spoke something to Shaolin.

The content was, "I want to discuss a business matter."

"A business matter? In that case, shall we discuss the price of dragon leather and the quantity we'll be able to trade?"

Naval suggested, but surprisingly, Suyan shook her head.

"It's not about dragon leather."

Suyan looked at us and smiled.

"It's about magic stones."

At that moment, tension spread among us. Could it be that Suyan knows that magic stones are being traded at high prices in the western countries? Thinking that, I looked at Shaolin, and she returned a wry smile. Right, Liefan mentioned it earlier. She said she saw magic stones in Els. It's unlikely that Liefan was wandering around alone in a foreign country. So Shaolin must have been with her at the time. That means they might be thinking the same thing as us. With that in mind, I looked at Liefan...

She looks pale.

What's wrong?

"Lord Shin, may I ask you one thing? Have you inquired about the purchase price of magic stones in Kwang-Lung?"

"Huh? Well, I don't know the exact amount, but it seems quite inexpensive."

"I see... just as I suspected."

Huh?

Oh, this is probably something we should have kept a secret. Liefan accidentally let it slip, and that's how we ended up with this information. So Liefan is looking pale because of that.

After this, I sympathized with Liefan, wondering what punishment she might receive. Then, Shaolin, who had been smiling wryly, spoke up.

"Liefan is exceptionally skilled as a guard, but she hasn't been involved in business matters. Well, I am at fault as well for not instructing her to keep it a secret, so I can't blame her."

She didn't instruct her to keep it a secret.

Well, I can't really say anything. Instead, maybe Shaolin would be the one to get scolded by Suyan?

Perhaps she already got scolded so quickly for bringing up the topic of magic stones?

"Normally, we could have lied about not disclosing the purchase price of magic stones, but you saved our lives. We won't repay your kindness with ingratitude. Therefore, we don't intend to blame Shaolin and Liefan."

Ah, Shaolin and Liefan both visibly breathed sighs of relief.

So, it seems they didn't get scolded.

"Now, I assume you all are considering purchasing magic stones from Kwang-Lung and selling them at a higher price in your country."

"Well, we were just discussing that."

Naval said, and Suyan nodded in agreement, continuing her story.

"However, do you have connections for buying magic stones in your destination?"

"That's..."

"Searching from scratch would be quite a task. Finding out where magic stones are cheap and which dealers are trustworthy would be a significant challenge in itself."

At that point, Suyan took a breath and said the following:

"Can you let us act as intermediaries?"

"Intermediaries... Wow."

"Yes. We heard that you came here for the procurement of dragon leather. However, it seems that those negotiations are not going smoothly."

"Smooth negotiations? Well, the other party is not being very cooperative."

"That's understandable, given that Hao has his own intentions."

"Intentions?"

"Yes, that is..."

Shaolin and Liefan were the first to be surprised by Suyan's words. Did they not know the content? Nevertheless, they managed to translate it for us.

"Hao's aim is to abolish the law when the dragon leather dealers are in financial distress, allowing him to monopolize the profits from dragon leather."

Upon hearing those words, we were left speechless.

I've heard that even here, dragon leather is considered a luxury item. Certainly, if one can monopolize its profits, it can lead to an enormous fortune. However, trying to change the law for personal gain is simply despicable.

"Hao started showing interest in dragon leather after I created the Dragon Leather Association and began making profits. He had never shown any interest in dragons before."

Suyan and Shaolin, who was translating, both looked frustrated.

"He was waiting for an opportunity. Then, I fell ill..."

She gave him an opening...

"By the time I realized, it was too late. It happened during a turbulent period for the association, and no one could stop Hao."

"That guy is a rare scumbag, isn't he?"

Even Naval from Els, who prioritized profit, seemed to find Hao's methods completely unacceptable.

He's quite furious.

"That's Hao for you. I don't think it's easy to nod in agreement with him. Perhaps we won't be able to complete the dragon leather transaction this time. Some dealers have already gone bankrupt."

Suyan said this, biting her lip.

"That's where the magic stones come in. Magic stones are a common resource in this country. Hao doesn't care about magic stones at all. We want to seize this opportunity!"

Suyan said this and weakly stood up from the sofa.

"Suyan!"

Cecily reached out in a hurry, but Suyan took Naval and Aug's hands.

"Please! This magic stone transaction is a golden opportunity for us! We can't afford to let it slip away!"

Suyan pleaded with Naval and Aug, regardless of her appearance.

"Please! I beg you!"

From what Shaolin had told us, Suyan was known as a shrewd businesswoman. She probably doesn't resort to begging like this in her normal dealings. That's how desperate she is right now.

I glanced at Aug and Naval for a moment.

Aug and Naval looked at each other. Then, they both gave a slight smile.

"Suyan, please raise your head."

"If you're asking me this earnestly, I can't refuse."

Upon hearing those words, Suyan suddenly raised her head.

"So, then!"

"Yes, with Arlsheid and..."

"The intermediary for Els' magic stones will be entrusted to Suyan's trading company."

It seems they gave up on the idea of a direct deal with the magic stone mines.

Upon hearing those words, Suyan started shedding tears.

She then placed her hands on the foreheads of Naval and Aug.

"Thank you! Thank you so much..."

She said this and broke down in tears.

Seeing Suyan like this, Cecily immediately cast a healing spell. It must have taken a considerable amount of energy for her to plead so desperately while her strength was depleted. When Suyan, who had received the healing magic, sat back on the sofa, she seemed a bit drained.

"Are you alright? Don't push yourself too much..."

"I'm fine, Lady Celestia. Thanks to you, there's no problem."

"I see..."

Although she seemed a little weak, she smiled, so Cecily felt relieved.

Shaolin, Liefan, Yunha, and the others also seemed relieved, either because they were relieved about the prospects ahead or because they saw a glimmer of hope in their seemingly hopeless situation. It's a reason to be happy when you see a ray of light in the midst of an impasse.

"But still, it looks like we got caught up in some sentimental drama..."

"Well, it's not a bad thing. It did resolve the issue, and we got rid of some complications."

"Well, that's true."

"Um..."

While Aug and Naval were having that conversation, Suyan reentered.

"What is it now?"

"Are there other countries participating?"

"Yes, it's just us from Els and..."

"We are the only two countries from Arlsheid, but I think other countries will also engage in diplomacy soon."

"In that case..."

With a stunning smile that showed no trace of the tears from earlier, Suyan said, "We would like to handle the intermediary for the magic stones of those countries in our trading company as well."

Upon seeing that smile, Naval and Aug were left dumbfounded.

And then...

"Well, we just got a good deal!"

Naval said with a laugh.

We also couldn't help but smile at the shrewd businesswoman Suyan.

Shaolin, who was serving as the interpreter, seemed quite embarrassed.