

"Darn it! Why now?"

I exclaimed involuntarily upon hearing the report from the servant who had rushed into the room.

After all, today was the second negotiation day with Kuang Long.

To receive such a report just as I was about to head to the meeting was beyond frustrating.

Beside me, Oug had a grim expression.

"Darn it. Right after we arrived, there were nothing but incidents that made us doubt the sanity of this country. I forgot to confirm the current state of the dragons."

Oug muttered bitterly, and I felt the same way.

As soon as we arrived in Kuang Long, we were attacked by the envoys. Once we started negotiations, Hao remained resolute, and we were bombarded with his ugly stories.

And then there were multiple attacks from Hao and attempts on our lives.

As a result, we had been distracted from our original purpose and preoccupied with dealing with Hao's assassins.

Despite the occasional mention of dragonhide, this was an oversight on our part.

The Ultimate Magicians had all come to Kuang Long because we were originally concerned about this very situation...

When we heard about the regulations issued in Kuang Long from Shaolin, our first concern was the unattended dragons multiplying.

Shaolin told us that dragons could overpopulate if not culled from time to time.

And from the moment we heard that, nearly two years had passed since the regulations were enacted.

This was a very plausible scenario, which is why we had all come here.

Yet, from the very beginning, we were frustrated by Kuang Long's response, despite our concerns.

But there was no use dwelling on regrets.

We needed to do something.

"Naval-san! It's an emergency, so we'll head out to subdue the dragons!"

"Understood. In that case, we'll handle the negotiations ourselves."

For now, I informed Naval, the head of this diplomatic mission, that we would be heading out to deal with the dragons, and that was the response I received.

"Negotiations... Even in such an emergency, there's no time for that..."

"I'll make sure to protect you."

"We're counting on you."

With just those words, Li Fan approached us.

Upon seeing his figure, Oug turned to Shaolin and asked, "So, where is it?"

When Shaolin conveyed Oug's question, the servant had a startled expression and responded, "It seems that a village, located about two days' ride to the northeast of this capital, has been attacked."

Hearing Shaolin's words, Oug's expression became troubled.

"Two days, huh? I wonder what happened to that village that was attacked..."

It seems this country doesn't have any means of communication. They must have urgently ridden horses to reach here after the village was attacked. Even so, two days had already passed since the attack.

We, who have experience in battling dragonified creatures, could imagine the worst-case scenario. And the same held true for Shaolin, a Kuang Long resident who frequently encounters dragons.

"Although there are soldiers stationed in the village for the time being... if they are in large numbers, rather than one or two..."

He said this with a grim expression.

Even for the Kuang Long people who are accustomed to dealing with dragons, this situation must be a serious threat.

Even though this outcome could have been easily predicted, what could Hao possibly be thinking?

"Nevertheless, how did they manage to obtain that information?"

When Oug's words were translated by Shaolin to the servant, the servant continued speaking.

"It appears that the soldiers stationed in the village shouted loudly as soon as they arrived at the gate. People who heard them spreading the word in the city."

They must have raced to get here on their horses. It's understandable that they couldn't help but shout when they finally arrived in the capital.

"If this is known throughout the city, there might not be any negotiation at all."

"That's true. In such an emergency, if it's revealed that we were negotiating for our own interests, Hao might turn against the other high-ranking officials. However, Naval's opinion is valid, and we should still head to the negotiation site for now. Bean, Bean-san, if the negotiations are canceled, inform us immediately. We'll need as many forces as possible, so we'll come to fetch you right away."

"Yes!"

"I understand!"

Both of them are important assets, so if the negotiations are canceled, there's no need to keep them here.

"Well then, Shaolin, can you lend me a map?"

"Oh, yes! Please wait a moment."

Shaolin said that and left the room to get the map, returning quickly.

"I'm sorry. Normally, showing a map to people from other countries may not be allowed, but..."

"Don't worry about it. This is an emergency situation. Besides, His Highness and the others have no ambitions to conquer the world. So, there's no intention to invade Kuang Long. Can we trust you on that?"

"Indeed. I swear by the name of the Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Arlsheid."

"Then I'm relieved. Now, about the location of the village..."

Shaolin pointed to a spot on the map.

"Here. It's within an hour's distance by flying ship."

Having traveled to Kuang Long by airship, Shaolin provided an approximate travel time. However, Oug wore a confident smile.

"We won't be using an airship."

"Huh? B-but, if I'm not mistaken, doesn't the 'Gate' magic you all use only work for places you've been to before..."

With a puzzled expression, Shaolin spoke, and Oug confidently responded.

"We won't use Gate or airships. We'll go there directly."

"W-wait, directly!?"

"Yes. We can travel at speeds that the eye can't perceive."

"I-is that so!?"

Shaolin was surprised and left speechless.

It seems things went according to plan, as Oug wore a satisfied expression.

Once satisfied, Oug looked at me, or rather, Li Fan.

"Li Fan, can you use wind magic?"

"No... I can only use body enhancement and mana release."

"I see. In that case, Shin, can you pull us there?"

"Yeah, I understand."

Wind magic is necessary for movement, and since Li Fan can't use it, Shin was chosen to do the job. However, Shin had a stern expression on his face.

"W-won't you use an airship? Is it okay not to?"

Airships are enclosed spaces, after all.

I probably didn't feel much fear unexpectedly, but this time, I was exposed, body and all.

"Li Fan."

"W-What is it?"

"You'll get used to it quickly."

"I-I'm very anxious, but..."

"Well, well, I want to get there as soon as possible, so I'll use magic."

"W-Wait, Shin, hold on... Whoa!"

I feel bad for making him nervous, but we can't afford to dilly-dally any longer.

I forcefully cast levitation magic on Li Fan and the others.

"Shin, please, prepare us mentally..."

"Sorry, but we don't have time for that. Well then, Mark, Olivia, contact us as soon as we're done!"

"Understood!"

"It's completely fine for you guys to finish up, Wolfort!"

As we listened to their words, we flew towards the village that had reportedly been attacked by dragons.

"Wait a second!"

With Li Fan's scream echoing in the air.