

However, first and foremost, we should focus on the village's situation, rather than directing our anger towards Hao.

There are still many dragons scattered throughout the village.

When I used reconnaissance magic to search for magical energy, I noticed that most of it was concentrated in one location.

That place resembled a fortress, surrounded by walls.

The dragons repeatedly tried to break through the walls by ramming into them, while the soldiers on the walls desperately tried to fend them off.

Thank goodness, there are still people alive!

"Shin! Let's descend to the top of the wall!"

"Understood!"

I followed Oug's instructions, adjusted my levitation magic, and landed on top of the wall.

"--------!"

Suddenly appearing from the sky, the soldiers aimed their weapons at us with hostility.

"Riifan-san!"

"Huff, huff, hold on... Wait a moment..."

I called out to Riifan, who had just landed on the wall and was on all fours, but he seemed like he was about to vomit for a different reason than Alice.

"--------."

After catching his breath, Riifan said something, and the soldiers, wearing puzzled expressions, lowered their weapons.

"Riifan-san, are you okay?"

Still breathing heavily, Riifan received healing magic from Shishiry and gradually regained his composure, finally managing to stand up.

"Thank you, Heavenly Lady. I feel much better now."

"Um, can you please stop calling me 'Heavenly Lady'?"

"?"

Shishiry asked Riifan to stop using that title while thanking her, but Riifan tilted his head as if he genuinely didn't understand.

It seemed that Riifan had firmly fixed the term 'Heavenly Lady' in his mind, as mentioned by our leader, Swiran-sama.

"By the way, Lord Riifan, what did you say just now?"

"Oh, right. I told them that we are reinforcements and not suspicious individuals."

"I see, then..."

As Oug said that, a shock so powerful that the wall trembled came.

Dragons were charging towards us.

"Damn, they're interrupting our conversation."

Saying that, Oug gazed down below where the dragons were gathering on the wall.

"Please stay calm for a bit."

Casually saying that, a massive lightning bolt struck in front of the dragons.

"Uwaaaah!"

You didn't need a translator for that one.

It was a scream.

"Hey, what the heck! You can't just drop lightning out of nowhere like that!"

My eyes must be all sparkly!

"Hmm? Oh, right. Were the soldiers of this country here?"

"We are here too!"

"Isn't it a bit late for you guys? I must admit we didn't consider the soldiers of this country."

Well, that's true, but when you suddenly drop lightning in front of someone, it messes with your vision!

While having this exchange, Thole let out a sigh mixed with exasperation.

"Sigh... Your Highness, you're becoming more and more like Lord Shin..."

"W-what...?"

Oug's face was enveloped in shock like I'd never seen before.

...I mean, it's a little annoying if Oug is saying I'm like him, but when he's this despaired, it's kind of a downer for me too.

"Um... Your Highness, I don't think it's the time to be fooling around."

"Oh, right. My apologies, Messina."

"No problem."

"Now then, the dragons have become considerably more docile after that attack. Let's gather some information while we can. Lord Riifan, can you translate?"

"Yeah."

His expression of despair from earlier had disappeared.

He quickly put on a serious face and started conversing with the soldiers.

"What kind of facility is this?"

"This is a refuge prepared for dragon attacks. This village is close to the dragon habitat, so we have these facilities."

"So, there are survivors in the buildings behind?"

"Yes. However, the scale of this dragon attack was unlike anything we've seen before... Most of the villagers were taken by the dragons."

"I see. By the way, do you have an estimate of how many and what types of dragons attacked?"

"We don't have an exact count, but there were many. As for the types, we can't be certain, but most of them were carnivorous dragons."

"Most?"

"...There were some herbivorous dragons that had turned into monsters mixed in..."

"I see."

The soldier had a very regretful expression.

After hearing from the soldier, Oug thought for a moment and then turned to us.

"Everyone, as you just heard, let's handle the dragon transformations ourselves."

"What!?"

At Oug's words, Lord Riifan let out a surprised voice.

"Lord Riifan, and the soldiers, we would like to ask you to handle the other dragons. Can you do it?"

"We... we'll be fine, but... Are Your Highnesses going to be okay?"

In response to Riifan's question, Oug let out a little laugh before saying, "During the War of the Demon King, we left the task of subduing the dragon transformations to Shin and the others. I'd like to give it a try as well."

As Oug said this, a fearless smile appeared on his face.

He's become quite the warrior...

Just as I thought that, Thole chimed in.

"It really is starting to resemble Lord Shin..."

Oug's face, upon hearing that comment, twisted into a very displeased expression.

So, why is that?! options trading
if I'm familiar with buying and selling stocks