

The Augs were desperately avoiding the incoming pterosaurs.

As I descended to the ground, relieved that I hadn't hit anyone, I was met with disapproving looks from everyone.

"Ah... Sorry," I apologized.

"It's not 'sorry'! What were you planning to do if it had been during combat?" Maria scolded.

Unable to withstand the accusing glances, I apologized, and Maria made a valid point.

"Exactly. Messina was right. Be more careful."

Whether it was because Maria had gotten angry first or not, Aug calmly expressed his disapproval.

"Well, it was my first time in an aerial battle, so I got carried away with intercepting..."

As I said that, Lin seemed to be intrigued.

"Wolford, it's unfair that you're the only one having an aerial battle. I want to try next."

"No, it's not like I was trying to steal the show."

I only intercepted because I was attacked while in the air.

"I want to try too!"

"No, that's not what I..."

"By the way, how were the fortress soldiers doing?"

Just as Alice was trying to join Lin, Aug smoothly changed the topic.

Perfect, let's ride on Aug's conversation, and we can forget about Alice and Lin.

"They seemed to be fine. They used arrows with enchanted symbols to restrain the pterosaurs and finished them off with swords. It seems like they can handle them without any problems."

It seems they had already taken care of the pterosaurs, judging from the lack of dragon activity in the vicinity.

As we were relieved that the subjugation was over, pterosaurs fell from the sky.

I truly apologize for what I did.

While I was talking with Aug, Sicily called out to us.

"Um, I hate to interrupt your conversation, but would you like to help Reifan and the others?"

"That's right. There might be other villages that need assistance. Let's finish this up quickly."

Just as Aug said that, the radio receiver beeped.

"Hmm? A call... It's probably from Mark."

I thought it might be Mark's group calling at this timing.

So I answered the communication device.

"Yes. This is Shin."

"Ah, is that you, Wolford-kun? It's Mark."

"Oh, are you guys okay?"

"Um... Can I come along too?"

"Shao-Lin as well?"

To Shao-Lin's request, I involuntarily looked at Mark and Olivia.

Both of them had puzzled expressions.

I should ask why she brought this up.

"Well... there are dragons, but... why again?"

"I don't think the dragon rampage will end in just one place."

Ah, right. We were thinking the same thing.

But what did that have to do with Shao-Lin wanting to come along?

"Dragon habitats are mostly known. Did Shin-dono find any defensive facilities against dragons in the village you visited?"

"Yeah, there were some."

"That's because the dragon habitat is nearby. And there are other villages with such facilities."

"But wouldn't Reifan know about that too?"

"Reifan's job is to protect me. He might know some, but certainly not all."

"So... if Shao-Lin doesn't go, we won't know the exact number?"

"That's right."

I see. It was indeed crucial information. Without knowing the exact number and locations, we might waste time flying around blindly and, even worse, miss some.

"Shao-Lin."

"Yes?"

"It might go without saying, but dragons are extremely dangerous. In the village we visited earlier, there were human remains scattered around, half-eaten."

When I said that, Shao-Lin's face contorted in fear for a moment. But she quickly composed herself.

"The Ming family is a business that deals with dragon leather. We're well aware of the danger posed by dragons. We won't do anything reckless, so please, take us with you!"

After saying this, Shao-Lin bowed deeply.

She was well aware of the danger.

Honestly, having a guide would be helpful.

So...

"When we arrive at the scene, we'll immediately send you to the defensive facility. Don't step out of it under any circumstances. Is that clear?"

"Got it!"

"Yes. Let's go together."

"Okay!"

I had only intended to bring Mark and Olivia.

But given the circumstances, there was no choice.

With that in mind, as I prepared to open a gate to the fortress and dive in, Shao-Lin muttered something under her breath.

"And... there are also some intriguing rumors."

Intriguing rumors?

I wonder what they could be.

Come to think of it, I haven't heard Mark's report yet. I should ask when we arrive over there.

And so, we left the Ming family behind.