 marketing strategies
for sunglasses for Gen Z and Millennials

In an attempt to rescue the herbivorous dragon being attacked, other herbivorous dragons launched successive body checks against the carnivorous dragon.

"Roar!"

The smaller carnivorous dragon, receiving counterattacks from the herbivorous dragons, was sent flying and rolled on the ground.

In that opening, the herbivorous dragons fled at full speed.

"Growl..."

The carnivorous dragon, who had finally gotten up, watched the retreating herbivorous dragons with a sense of frustration.

Their sight was rather melancholic.

"..."

A rather heart-wrenching sight, isn't it?

Well, I suppose this is just nature.

Even on Earth in my past life, I heard that carnivorous animals could eat their prey only every few days or so.

Despite the terrifying image associated with carnivorous dragons, it's likely they can't make a successful kill every time. The carnivorous dragon in front of us seemed to have given up on pursuing the fleeing herbivorous dragons.

...And it turned around to look at us.

"They're watching, you know."

"They sure are."

"Grrrr..."

Yeah.

We've been completely locked onto, haven't we?

The carnivorous dragon must understand. Compared to the larger herbivorous dragons, humans may have less meat, but they are easier prey.

For many humans, encountering a dragon means waiting to be devoured after the initial encounter.

The dragon's expression even seems to suggest that it's delighted.

"Gaah!"

As I thought about these things, the dragon roared and charged towards us.

It was a straightforward charge with no finesse.

"Here we go."

I quickly created a solid wall of earth in front of the charging dragon.

Unfortunately for the dragon, we're not just humans waiting to be eaten quietly.

The dragon, charging with great momentum, had no way to deal with the suddenly appeared wall...

"Gohh!"

...and crashed headfirst into the wall, making a strange noise.

The sturdy wall remained intact, and I could hear the sound of the carnivorous dragon collapsing on the other side.

Cautiously, I checked the other side of the wall, and I saw the carnivorous dragon twitching quite violently, as if it had hit its head hard.

Having confirmed that, I created a wind blade and severed the carnivorous dragon's neck, putting it out of its misery.

Observing the entire sequence of events, Leifan muttered softly, "Taking down a carnivorous dragon like this..."

(Note: The text seems to be from a fictional story and contains descriptions of dragons and their interactions.)

They seem to be saying that with a complex expression, but despite being physically large, they aren't transformed into monsters, and they can use reconnaissance magic to know in advance where they are, so it's not that difficult to hunt them.

However, it seems that it's not the case for Mr. Leifan.

"How convenient reconnaissance magic is."

As Leifan looked at the hunted carnivorous dragon, he said so with a sense of nostalgia.

"It's strange to me. Why can't anyone use reconnaissance magic? Over there, it's an essential skill for mages."

I thought about it when we were targeted by assassins on the way from the Yuukou Palace to the Min family. Why doesn't anyone know about the existence of reconnaissance magic? Leifan, as well as Shaolin, who appears to be knowledgeable as a merchant, didn't seem to know about it, and the assassins likely didn't know either. Otherwise, they wouldn't be leaking magical energy so recklessly while hiding.

Thinking this, I asked Leifan and he answered with a somewhat puzzled expression.

"Among us, magic is something you refine within your own body. It's common sense to use charms to produce fire, water, or create walls with earth like this."

"I see. So, body enhancement magic is the mainstream in Kuanglong. That means there are no people who can use release-type magic... that's unlikely, isn't it?"

"Right. Of course, there are some who can use magic without using charms, like Lord Shin and the others. But that's a minority."

"Yeah, that makes sense. Otherwise, they wouldn't be able to imbue attack magic images into charms."

"That's right. Those who can use magic without using charms usually become charm masters."

Charm masters?

Ah, people who create charms.

"But wouldn't it be more flexible in battle if people who can use release-type magic are on the front lines? Why don't they do that?"

"It's true that it might be like that, but there are very few people who can use magic in the first place. So, wouldn't it make more sense for those who can't use magic to use charms created by these mages? That way, the amount of usable magic would increase, wouldn't it?"

"Well, that's true."

"That's why, in Kuanglong, it's a common practice to use charms for magic in combat."

"But isn't that like giving all the soldiers magic tools? In that case, the cost... oh, I see."

In this country, the price of magic stones is significantly lower than in our country. It seems that paper is also in regular circulation, and charms don't cost as much as magical tools. That's why using charms to perform magic during combat has become widespread.

As a result, it seems that Kuanglong's magic has become more focused on body enhancement.

Warriors with the ability to use magic in all combat roles.

Certainly, they must be strong, but there have been side effects as a result.

"Magic users exist but don't go to the front lines. So, nobody thought of creating useful reconnaissance magic for combat."

"No, I often hear voices from the front-line soldiers asking if there's a way to know where enemies, monsters, or dragons are. In fact, I've thought I'd like such a thing if it existed."

Ah, so their thinking shifted towards magical tools. Because they tried to figure out how to use magical tools, they didn't come up with the idea of reconnaissance magic that could sense an opponent's magic with their own magical power.

It seems they overlooked that aspect.

"I can use body enhancement magic, too... Lord Shin."

"What is it?"

"You mentioned earlier that reconnaissance magic is an essential skill for mages, right?"

"Yes."

"What do you think? Is there a possibility that you could teach me reconnaissance magic in a situation like this?"

"Now...?"

"Yeah."

Hmm... I wonder.

Is it okay for us to be the only ones doing this while we need to quickly drive away or hunt the dragons that are approaching the village?

I could teach it immediately if it weren't a situation like this...

As I pondered, Leifan spoke with a wry smile.

"I hate to say this, but honestly, I don't think I can be of much help in my current state."

"Is that so...?"

"Is it?"

Right after Leifan said that, we heard explosions from a distance.

Multiple explosions.

"Do you think, Lord Shin, you can tell who caused those explosions?"

"Huh? Um..."

Who could it be?

It's only Alice or Rin who might use explosion magic for subduing carnivorous dragons, but maybe they used it to drive the herbivorous dragons deeper into their habitat.

If that's the case, who used it?

"Hmm..."

"That's your answer."

"Huh?"

"You can't identify the person capable of using such explosive magic. That means everyone can use that kind of magic, right?"

"Well, that makes sense."

"Which means, the magic from earlier can be used by all eleven of us except for Lord Shin."

"Yeah, that's right."

"Don't you think it's a problem even if I'm the only one to leave?"

Certainly, would that be okay?

But still...

Even as I was contemplating, Leifan looked at me with a determined gaze.

"Of course, I have no intention of leaving the issues of this country to you alone. I couldn't stoop to such shameless behavior."

Leifan said that and deeply lowered his head.

"I implore you! Right now, I am, so to speak, in a position representing Kuanglong. I can't afford to say that I was of no use!"

"Leifan, sir..."

I see, we are foreigners trying to protect the village from the dragons. There are no people from this country except Leifan. Anyway, Leifan wants to earn merit in this battle.

"I understand. Fortunately, or maybe unfortunately, there are many dragons around right now. I will teach you reconnaissance magic at this opportunity."

When I said that, Leifan lifted his head vigorously and tightly grasped my hand.

His hands are quite rough, just as they look.

"I'm grateful, Lord Shin! I promise to learn reconnaissance magic here and be of help in the next habitat!"

"Yes, let's do our best."

And so, I entrusted the hunting to everyone for the time being and decided to teach reconnaissance magic to Leifan.

"But I really couldn't have predicted how things would turn out like this. I never expected that the abundance of magic stones would lead to this situation."

"That's right. Honestly, when I heard that magic in the western countries mainly focuses on release-type magic, I was surprised."

"I'm also surprised hearing the current story. There's certainly body enhancement magic, and it's usable, but to specialize in that..."

"Seems similar everywhere."

"Yeah, it does. I think if there were more people who could use magic, there would be more diversity in how it's used."

In this world, everyone has magical energy, but in the western countries, less than half of the population has enough magical energy to use magic. People who can use magic can increase the amount of magical energy they can handle with training, but those who can't use magic won't be able to use it later, no matter how hard they try. If there were such a method, magic would have evolved even more.

"Is there some way to acquire the ability to use magic later in life, I wonder?"

I had never heard such a story before, so I casually made a remark, but I received an unexpected response from Leifan.

"...It's not impossible."

"Huh?"

Wh-what did I just say?

"L-Leifan, sir... Is that...?"

What's the method?

I wanted to ask, but...

"No... I can't tell you after all."

"What! You can't just say that after bringing it up!"

Or rather, Leifan asked me to teach him reconnaissance magic and then decided not to share what he knows.

That's not fair, is it?

I thought so, and it seems Leifan had a similar thought.

"...It's not fair, is it?"

"So!?"

"Yeah. I'll teach you a way to acquire the ability to use magic later in life."

Leifan said so with determination.

Thank goodness, I was starting to lose sleep over it, wondering what he wouldn't tell me.

"S-So, what is it? How do you acquire the ability to use magic later in life?"

I said it impatiently, but Leifan made a reluctant expression and said, "Before that, promise me. You must never spread this story. Don't let anyone try it."

"W-Why? Why not spread such groundbreaking information?"

"It's taboo."

"Huh?"

"This method... It's considered a taboo in Kuanglong."

"Taboo... Why?"

"Well..."

Saying that, Leifan told me the method to acquire the ability to use magic later in life.

It was a very simple method.

And... at the same time, I understood why it was considered a taboo.