

"Did I do something in front of Leafan-san?"

"Scouting magic..."

"Huh?"

What does that mean?

"I didn't realize it at all until Lord Shin taught me scouting magic. It made me realize how extraordinary all of you are."

"Extraordinary, you say?"

"Especially Lord Shin, it's you."

"Y-You..."

The way he addressed me suddenly became respectful. Until now, he would have called me "you" or something similar. Huh? But...

"I haven't used any major magic in front of Leafan-san, right?"

"That's why it's scouting magic."

"...Ah, the one just now?"

"Yes. Since learning scouting magic, I've occasionally sensed the aura of His Highness and the others. That surprised me as well..."

Leafan-san stopped there and looked at me with a slightly fearful expression.

"The scouting magic from earlier... it had even more magical power than His Highness and the others, right?"

"Eh? It's just scouting magic, you know? It shouldn't have as much magical power as big magic."

"That's precisely why. I've only recently learned it, so I can tell. Scouting magic shouldn't require that much magical power, right?"

"Well, that's true."

"And His Highness asked Lord Shin to perform a wide-area scouting magic. In other words, even His Highness and the others can't do it."

"Oh, I see."

"I was amazed by the size of His Highness's magical power, but Lord Shin's magical power was terrifyingly refined."

"Well, he has been practicing magical power control for much longer than the Orgs."

"Magical power control?"

"You don't know about that either..."

This country's magic is really focused on spellcasting, huh?

"In any case, I've just realized the difference in our levels."

"I see."

Just a moment ago, I was happily hunting dragons after learning to use scouting magic on my own, so I wondered why Leafan-san's attitude suddenly changed.

"Even so, our way of using magic is quite different from Leafan-san and the others. I haven't confirmed it yet, but strengthening the body is quite an accomplishment, isn't it?"

"I hope so."

I tried to encourage Leafan-san, who seemed to have lost some confidence, but he just laughed self-deprecatingly and said that.

Hmm, it's difficult...

"Anyway, let's regroup. We need to head to the next village soon."

"Right."

We haven't decided on a meeting place in advance.

"That's precisely because we can locate the positions with scouting magic."

Leafan-san has also learned scouting magic, so let's have him go ahead without me as part of the practice.

Once we gathered, we were immediately pointed out by Aug.

"Shin, you haven't been moving much, have you? What have you been doing?"

As I thought, he noticed.

"I was teaching scouting magic to Leafan-san. Currently, it's inefficient for Leafan-san to hunt alone without one of us."

"Oh, I see."

"I apologize, Your Highness. I was being selfish."

"No, that's fine. It's more efficient that way. So, have you mastered it?"

"Yes, thanks to Lord Shin."

"That's good to hear."

Aug was satisfied with that, but Leafan-san had more to say.

"Your Highness, more importantly..."

"What is it?"

"Do you have plans to spread this scouting magic in Quanlong?"

"Hmm?"

"No... a magic that can tell who is where. If it's spread too easily in the surroundings..."

"...Ah, I see."

Aug, after a moment of contemplation, seemed to understand.

"I'm sorry. In our country, it was considered an essential skill for mages, so I didn't realize it was such a serious issue."

"At present, Leafan-san is the only one in Quanlong who can use scouting magic."

For Leafan-san, this scouting magic seemed like an exclusive advantage given to him alone.

For the Min family, who appeared to have many enemies, the ability to track potential attackers in advance was an incredible boon.

It would be a problem if it could be easily spread throughout Quanlong.

"We are diplomatic ambassadors, not technical ones."

"I see."

"For now, there are no plans to do so."

"For now... you say?"

"When diplomatic relations are established, and airships start traveling, it won't be an issue anymore. We can't be held responsible for information that comes in without our control."

"That's more than enough. Thank you."

"Is the conversation over then? Let's go pick up Shaolin and head to the next town."

Saying so, Aug activated his jet boots and returned to the village.

I asked the gatekeeper at the village entrance to call Shaolin over.

After a while, Shaolin-san appeared with the village official beside her, along with the gatekeeper.

"You... did you really hunt dragons?"

"Yes, but there are still quite a few left. We need to thin them out now before it becomes a serious problem."

"What about Lord Hao?"

"This village was dealt with before it could be attacked, but another village has already been attacked with casualties. There's no doubt he will be held responsible."

"What about me then?"

"Just make sure to thin out the dragons properly. There shouldn't be any issues, right?"

They're talking as if Hao's downfall is already certain, even though it's not confirmed.

The village official is probably one of Hao's subordinates, but if the dragons are left unchecked, the responsibility will undoubtedly fall on him, especially since I warned him.

In that case, there's only one course of action for the official.

"Understood. I will gather the troops and conduct dragon hunting immediately."

"It seems like a wise decision."

Aug said that and extended his hand towards the official.

The official, as if relieved, shook hands with Aug and quickly returned to the village.

"Phew, it looks like we'll minimize casualties."

"Huh? So far, there haven't been any casualties, you know?"

Alice reacted to Aug's muttered words as she saw the official off.

"For now, yes. But we're going dragon hunting soon, and I can't guarantee there will be no casualties."

Saying this, Aug looked at Leafan-san.

"I'm embarrassed to admit, but the soldiers in this country are not as strong as His Highness and Lord Shin. Some casualties are to be expected."

It was Shaolin-san who was surprised by those words.

"What do you mean, Leafan? They are experts in dragon hunting, aren't they?"

Upon hearing those words, Leafan-san smiled wryly and said to Shaolin-san, "I understand now. There's an insurmountable gap between them and His Highness, Lord Shin, and the others, like the difference between heaven and earth."

"What... what do you mean..."

"I'm sorry, but can we set off soon?"

Shaolin-san was about to say something, but Aug interrupted her. Startled, Shaolin-san apologized to Aug and took out a map.

"The next target is here. After that, it's here. And finally, here. At this pace..."

Aug took over Shaolin-san's words.

"Can we complete the rounds by the end of today?"

"Yes, that should be possible."

Three more villages remain. I hope they can be reached before they are attacked, just like this one.

In any case, we should hurry. With that in mind, I cast levitation magic on everyone again, and Cecily headed towards Shaolin-san.

Once again, I followed Leafan-san's lead.

"Uh... ah..."

Leafan-san's complexion remained as poor as ever after activating the levitation magic.

Well, he's not screaming anymore, so maybe he's getting used to it a little?

Although he was still groaning.

"Alright, let's go!"

"Yes!"

And so, we flew through the sky to save the remaining villages.