a database schema
for an online merch store

When Hao's thrown paperweight hit the head of the vice officer and he was showered with insults, something inside him snapped.

Up until now, he had endured stomachaches to fulfill his duties in order to maintain his position as a high-ranking bureaucrat's vice officer.

He wondered if this was the reward for his efforts as he turned his back on Hao at that moment. And then, he sought protection from another bureaucrat who was Hao's rival.

In other words, this dire situation had ultimately been brought about by Hao himself. It was a case of reaping what you sow. However, Hao believed himself to be a special individual and thought that all failures were someone else's fault.

So, he was convinced that the reason he was in this predicament was due to the treacherous vice officer. In his mind, Hao had already planned what kind of retaliation he would exact on the vice officer.

At that moment, the carriage suddenly came to a halt.

"What's going on!? Why are we stopping!?" Hao exclaimed.

The village they were heading to was still some distance away, and Hao couldn't understand why the carriage had stopped. Soldiers approached Hao.

"We are approaching nightfall. Nighttime marching is dangerous, so we are preparing for a camp," one of the soldiers explained.

Hao lost his temper when he heard this.

"A camp!? Do you think there's time for that!? Keep moving through the night!" he shouted.

"But, sir! If the sun sets, visibility will be limited, and it's dangerous! Besides, the soldiers need to eat and rest..."

"Just endure it! Now is not the time for such things! Do you not understand even that, you incompetent fool!?"

"Understood..."

"Now go, quickly!"

Hao slammed the carriage door shut.

"These people... they're all holding me back," Hao complained to a soldier who had come to speak nonsense in the carriage.

Then, the soldier who had been called incompetent by Hao mumbled to himself as he distanced himself from the carriage.

"Who's really the incompetent one..."

He said that and relayed Hao's orders to the other soldiers.

Naturally, among the soldiers, there was growing discontent and complaints. They thought they would finally get a break and some food, but they were given an unreasonable order to march through the night.

Receiving such orders, there was no way they could just accept it without question. However, there was a reason they couldn't ignore this command.

They were not soldiers employed by the country; they were private mercenaries hired by Hao.

Hao was their employer, the one who paid their wages. If they were to rebel here, they would lose the one who provided them with their income.

While the private mercenaries held resentment towards their overly domineering employer, they reluctantly decided to continue the nighttime march. Since they couldn't stop to eat, they relied on portable rations they had prepared for emergencies.

However, when they finally reached their destination, everyone was exhausted, and they couldn't take a break.

When they went to inform Hao that they had arrived at the village, he was asleep inside the carriage.

This further increased the dissatisfaction of the private mercenaries, but Hao was completely unaware.

"Hmph, so you've finally arrived. Then, promptly deal with the dragons," Hao ordered without a word of praise, intending to further exploit the exhausted private mercenaries. In that moment, the private mercenaries even felt a hint of murderous intent towards Hao.

However, they desperately suppressed those feelings and reported to Hao.

"I report that we have arrived in the village, but we do not see any sign of dragons."

"What? Does that mean there was no dragon attack?"

"No, the village is in disarray, so I believe there was a dragon attack. However, we do not currently see any dragons. The villagers are also working within the village, so it's likely they have already repelled the dragons."

"What's the meaning of this?"

"What?!"

"Why did I bother coming all this way?! What's the meaning of this?!"

"Well, even if you say that..."

"I'm sure the dragon attack was not a big deal! You're exaggerating it! This is surely a ploy to trap me!"

The private mercenaries were left speechless by Hao's words.

They had stated that the village was in disarray, which could only mean that the dragons had entered the village. Did Hao not understand what it meant for dragons to infiltrate the village?

From the looks of it, the private mercenaries felt that Hao genuinely didn't comprehend the situation.

Observing his behavior, they made a decision: they were done with Hao.

They would complete the mission and return to Eilon. However, that's as far as they would go. They wanted nothing more to do with this employer, and they could easily imagine the words they would say next.

"Hold on! Hurry back to Eilon!!"

"...Understood."

Hao's words were just as the private mercenaries had imagined.

Hao showed no concern for the exhausted private mercenaries who had marched through the night without rest. He only said what he wanted to and promptly closed the carriage door.

After glaring at the carriage Hao was in, the private mercenaries began their slow return.

At that time, the private mercenaries who had gone ahead to check on the village had heard some information from the villagers. However, they chose not to report it to Hao, who had lost their trust completely.

If they had been able to get an update on the village's situation at that moment, they might have been able to plan some measures. However, Hao, who had not been given that report, just wanted to return to Eilon as quickly as possible.

He was filled with thoughts of returning quickly to retaliate against the bureaucrats who had deceived him with false information and accused him.

However, they were not in a hurry to return like they were on their way there, so they were allowed to camp on the way back.

Hao had been riding in the carriage all day, and he truly wanted to lay down in a tent.

And so, three days after leaving the capital Eilon, Hao returned from the village that had been attacked by dragons. However, an unexpected event occurred at the gate of the capital.

The march stopped momentarily in front of the city gates, but suddenly, the door of Hao's carriage was opened from the outside.

The one who opened the carriage door was a soldier from the national army guarding the gates of the capital.

"What! Who do you think you are, opening my carriage like this!?"

Hao expressed his displeasure at this rude act of opening the carriage door without permission.

However, the soldier who did it remained unfazed and said, "Of course. I know very well, Lord Hao."

"What... You know and yet you dare to act so rudely!"

"Rather, it's precisely because it's you."

Saying so, the soldier grabbed Hao's collar and pulled him out of the carriage.

"What!? Hey! Stop it!"

Ignoring Hao's protests, the soldier restrained Hao with his hands behind his back.

"What are you doing!? Hey, you guys! What are you standing around for!? Hurry up and help me!"

Hao said this to his private mercenaries, but they didn't move at all.

Seeing Hao grit his teeth and about to shout something, the soldier mocked him, saying, "They won't move. In fact, they even kindly guided you to your carriage."

"What...?"

Hao was taken aback by the soldier's words and looked at his private mercenaries again.

What he saw on their faces was... mockery.

They were grinning and watching their master being restrained.

"Y-you traitors!!"

He couldn't help but shout, but not a single one of them seemed to be in anguish.

Hao's heart felt like it was about to explode with anger.

"Now, Lord Hao, you are under suspicion of a certain matter. We will take you to Yuhou Palace like this."

The soldier said this and, keeping Hao restrained, placed him in a military carriage bound for Yuhou Palace.

One of Hao's private mercenaries, who had witnessed the entire scene, remarked, "Hah! Serves you right!"

His face was filled with a triumphant smile.