

As I was listening to the history of Earlshide that I didn't know about, a carriage arrived at the Min household.

When I got off the carriage, I heard voices from the rear carriage that had been dispersed for travel, as if they were arguing.

What's going on? A fight?

"So, it's not about releasing magic as energy; it's a magical device that definitely fires bullets with pure physics, you know!"

"What are they going to shoot with that shape?! It's definitely for firing magic!"

"Then why does it have a barrel-like shape?"

"I have no idea!"

Grumbling

Mark and Yuri?

It's unusual for those two to argue. What could have happened?

"Hey, Olivia, were those two so close?"

"Oh, well, Yuri-san is here to help at the Bean Workshop. It seems they got along while exchanging opinions on various matters."

"Oh, really?"

Come to think of it, Yuri practices magic bestowal in the field under my grandmother's teachings.

It seems Yuri has been helping out at the Bean Workshop after the battle with Strom ended. They say it's a part-time job, but because Yuri is better at bestowing magic than anyone else, they're in a position where they can't afford to lose him.

Mark, on the other hand, prioritizes his activities as an Ultimate Magician, but he can't leave the workshop he was supposed to inherit, so he helps out when he has time.

But still...

"They've really grown closer, haven't they?"

When I said that, for some reason, Olivia gave me a sharp look.

"What are you saying is the cause of that?"

"Huh? The cause?"

Did I do something?

"They keep inventing new products one after another... They're the ones who have been coming up with ways to make your bestowal magic available to regular bestowal mages, you know?"

"I-is that so..."

The products sold by the Walpurgis Trading Company, of which I am the president, are all things I developed.

So, I bestow magic in Japanese for the prototypes.

However, when it comes to mass production, the workshop's bestowal mages have to be able to bestow magic in the country's language, so they need to change the characters to achieve a similar effect.

Those two were the ones doing it.

"Actually, if you're developing magic tools for mass production, you should bestow them in the country's language from the start. Those two are working so hard, you know?"

"Well, I suggested that too, but those two said it's fine the way it is. They believe that understanding my bestowal on their own will help them grow."

When I said that, Olivia let out a deep sigh.

"They're always discussing things late into the night. The feasibility of mass production depends on whether they can make it work or not."

"Oh, late into the night, huh?"

I glanced at Olivia.

Mark, who's about to get married soon, is fine with staying late into the night with other girls, even if they're friends?

"Um... Is Olivia okay?"

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"Well, you know... Mark staying up late with Yuri and all..."

"Oh, in that case, it's fine. I'm there with them too."

"Olivia too?"

"Yes. But I'm just there to bring them drinks and late-night snacks; I'm not actually involved in the work."

"I see."

If she's there with them, I suppose that's reassuring.

"And as for Yuri..."

"Hmm?"

"Ah! No, it's nothing!"

"I-is that so?"

"Yes! Well, I'll go mediate then!"

Saying that, Olivia hurriedly ran over to where Mark and Yuri were.

What's up with Yuri?

I can't help but be curious when someone starts to say something and then stops.

While I was pondering Olivia's words, Sicily and Maria were quietly talking behind me.

"Maria, this is..."

"Yes, Sicily. There's no doubt about it."

"In that case..."

"That's right."

"We need to talk to Yuri!"

With that, they both headed towards Yuri together.

What? Did they figure out something?

I wonder if it's something only girls can understand?

Once again, I was left scratching my head, and then Oug came up next to me, emanating an aura of anger.

"Don't make a scene in front of someone else's house forever! Get inside already!!"

"Yes!!"

In response to Oug's words, Mark, Yuri, Olivia, Sicily, and Maria straightened their backs and replied.

Come to think of it, Oug, although he's close to us now, used to be an unapproachable perfect prince.

With Oug's reprimand, they hastily ran towards the Min household.

While smiling wryly at the scene, I followed Oug and entered the Min household.

"Haa, seriously... even though we've graduated from the academy, those guys still lack self-awareness."

"Well, you know, it's only been a few months since we graduated, so it can't be helped."

"Seriously. Do they even realize that our actions are being watched from all over the world?"

"All over the world... to be honest, it doesn't quite sink in."

"You...."

"It can't be helped. The ones involved often find it hard to understand."

"That might be true..."

"Oh, I just remembered something from all over the world. What happened to the plan of sending staff from the Ultimate Magicians from each country?"

"Staff, in the name of surveillance?"

"Surveillance...?"

While that might be true, they could be a bit more discreet...

"It's definitely surveillance. Besides, it was our suggestion in the first place."

"...We don't have any ill intentions, but if they're worried, they can keep an eye on us... or something."

"Right. There's nothing wrong with being monitored or investigated. In fact, it's nice that various countries are sending us talented individuals."

"Talented? Do they have profiles or information on the people being sent?"

"Of course. They were all exceptional individuals. If they had stayed in their home countries, they could have become bureaucrats who would support the nation in the future."

"I see. Is that so? I wonder if coming here is part of their career advancement?"

"..."

"What? What?"

Oug looked at me with a surprised expression.

What? What?

"As always, you don't get it. You have no common sense, yet you notice things like that. Why is that?"

"Why can't you just acknowledge it for once? I'm the president of the company, you know! I meet and talk to various people!"

"Oh, right, that's true. Well, it's possible that it's also part of their career advancement, but I think there might be other motives as well."

"Other motives?"

"...There were photos attached to the documents, and everyone was good-looking men and women."

"Huh, what does that mean?"

"Be careful, Shin. You'll be the first to be targeted."

"Hey! That's troublesome!"

"Just don't succumb to temptation. Oh, and Freid, be careful too."

"Huh? Me too?"

"I'm most worried about you. Don't create a scandal early in your marriage, okay?"

"I'm devoted to Lilia now, so I won't do such things."

Certainly, since Tony started dating Lilia, he stopped courting other girls. He seems to have promised not only in words but also in actions. I believe his determination is genuine.

"In your case, you don't have a record..."

"I won't make a sound."

Even though he's devoted to Lilia now, his past is still a concern. He probably isn't trusted.

Tony seems to be aware of it and smiles wryly.

While we were all laughing at Tony, Oug, who had been giving Tony a stern look until recently, looked at me with a serious expression.

"Huh? What is it?"

"This is a serious matter."

"Wasn't that serious?"

"Well, you should pay attention to that as well, but there's something even more important."

"More important?"

"Yeah."

Saying so, Oug reminded me of something I had forgotten.

"Staff coming from Dahm. Be cautious of all of them."

"Why?"

Alice, upon hearing Oug's words, threw her question.

Come to think of it, Alice doesn't know the current situation in Dahm.

"Dahm's political situation is unstable right now. Mr. Kartun, who assumed the position of Prime Minister, seems to have trouble keeping the country together."

"Oh, is that so?"

"The people coming from such a country. It's wise to be cautious."

"Huh? But, do they choose strange individuals to send to other countries?"

Upon Oug's explanation, Alice seemed not quite convinced and voiced another question.

"Those chosen to come are usually decent individuals. However, the people sending them may not be as reputable."

"Could it be... spies?"

Finally, Alice seemed to have come to terms with it, as she had an unusually serious expression.

"That's also a possibility. So, everyone, be very cautious of the envoys from Dahm."

In response to Oug's words, everyone nodded seriously.

It's just that...

"Oug, wouldn't it have been better to discuss that when everyone is present?"

...

Oug, upon hearing my words, looked at me, then after a moment of hesitation, he averted his gaze.

"I'll talk about it later."

He was speaking so smugly earlier.

I guess it would be embarrassing to repeat the same story.

I understand.

Oug's unusual slip-up made me grin involuntarily.