 with concepts
for a retro-style arcade game

When I asked Yuri what we were talking about again, he looked flustered.

"Haha, sorry, Shin-kun. It seems like he wants to keep it a secret," Yuri replied.

Since Yuri seemed hesitant to answer, Sicily spoke in his place.

Oh, so the whispering earlier was about keeping something a secret.

"Is that so?"

"Yes, I'm sorry for bringing it up."

"No, that's fine. If Sicily says it's okay to keep it a secret, then it must be something we don't need to pry into."

"That's right."

If it's a topic they can keep a secret from us, it must be something private.

So, there's no need to press them for information.

In fact, it might not be a good idea to force a girl to reveal private matters, and it might make other girls glare at me.

A wise man keeps his distance from danger.

With that in mind, I decided not to inquire further, and Yuri brought up a different topic.

"Oh, by the way, Wolford-kun, what did you think of that magical item from earlier?"

"The one from earlier? Oh, the one Hao requisitioned?"

"Yes! Wolford-kun, what do you think? I'm sure it's for casting magic, don't you think?"

"No, no! There's no need for it to have that shape! That thing definitely fires projectiles!"

"How can you shoot anything with that shape?!"

Mid-conversation, Mark butted in, and Yuri and he began to argue again.

They've really become good friends.

As I watched with that thought in mind, both of them suddenly turned to me.

"Wolford-kun, what do you think?"

"W-what do I think..."

What should I do?

I already told the general that I didn't know, and Shaolin-san was listening too.

Or rather, she was interpreting.

Saying that I suddenly understand it here would be weird...

As I pondered what to do, Oug added, "By the way, you did confirm the enchantment, didn't you? You really didn't understand anything?"

When I told the general that I didn't understand, he had given me suspicious looks, and it seems he still had doubts.

What should I do... Oh, I've got it.

"That's right... The characters used were similar to the ones I usually use, but I don't know how they relate to that weapon."

"I knew it! You did understand, didn't you?"

As I tried to deflect the conversation, Shaolin-san eagerly pressed on.

"N-No! I mean, I recognized the characters, but I don't know what kind of effect they have when combined!"

"What characters were they? What kind of characters were inscribed?"

Shaolin-san was really persistent.

Well, I guess when it comes to trying to figure out the effects of an unknown weapon excavated from one's own country's ruins, she'd be pretty desperate.

Maybe there's a possibility that similar weapons will be found in the future, and if someone like Hao gets their hands on one, it could pose a national crisis.

"Shin, I'm also curious. Please tell us what kind of characters were inscribed."

"Sure, I'll tell you."

With Oug's request, I decided to explain the characters that were inscribed.

"Mark, do you have any small pieces of iron or something like that?"

"Huh? Oh, I've got some for knife-making."

"Could you lend me two pieces, then?"

"Got it."

I received two pieces of iron plates from Mark and proceeded to inscribe the characters on them.

"One of them is like this. When I infuse magic into it..."

As I infused magic into one of the inscribed iron plates, the other iron plate was attracted to it with a clicking sound.

"Like a magnet?"

"Yes, these characters are used for making magnets."

"I see, and the other one?"

"This one is... Oops!"

I messed up. I infused magic into the inscribed plate without taking any precautions, and my hand felt a sharp jolt.

"Hey, what are you doing, Shin?"

"Sh-Shin-kun! Are you okay?"

Unlike Maria, who looked exasperated, Sicily looked worried, holding my hand and using healing magic.

This is the difference between a wife and a female friend, I guess.

But I shouldn't be thinking about that right now.

"It's okay, it's okay. I just got a little shock."

"...Lightning?"

As I received treatment from Sicily, Oug noticed something about the earlier phenomenon.

Speaking of which, Oug was quite skilled in lightning magic.

"Yeah, lightning and magnets. I have no idea what kind of interaction these would cause."

"Is that so..."

"It's certainly mysterious."

"Lightning and magnets, huh... There's still so much we don't understand."

After my explanation, Oug, Mark, and Yuri seemed to accept it.

Shaolin-san, on the other hand, had a look on her face like she wasn't quite convinced.

But I can't tell her the real truth, or she might label me as a dangerous person again.

Mark and Yuri were discussing the effects of lightning and magnets, but... Sorry, I deliberately gave them incorrect information.

To create a railgun, you need magnetic force, but magnets themselves are not required.

Something that can be made with electricity and magnets... wouldn't that be a linear motor, not a railgun?

While it might still have considerable power, it wouldn't be as powerful as a railgun.

Even so, to create such a weapon... Even I, with all my knowledge, never thought of making that.

Because if it were created, it would change the face of warfare in this world.

Anyone, even those who couldn't use magic, could activate magical devices.

In other words, anyone could use that superweapon.

No special knowledge or training required.

What would happen if people got their hands on such a thing?

As Disciple-san mentioned before, humans are weak to temptation.

It would be easy to conquer a country just by firing it from long distances.

Thinking about what would happen if it spread worldwide...

Oh. Maybe the ancient civilization mass-produced it.

As a result, a devastating war broke out, and the ancient civilization was destroyed...

The desert region separating Kuang Long and the Western World might be a relic of the ancient civilization's war.

Which means there's a possibility of even more powerful weapons than that...

There might even be something like the nuclear heat magic I used in my battle with Strom.

If someone were to excavate that without knowing its power and test-fire it...

It could cause significant damage and might even lead to an invasion of the Western World.

This... might be a reason to investigate the ruins once.

But if something dangerous is excavated, how should it be explained?

... What should I do, really?

As I stood in front of the two inscribed iron plates I had enchanted, I pondered while watching Mark and Yuri discuss this and that.a personal webpage for me
after asking me three questions