 fun activities
to do indoors with my high-energy dog

Sure, here's the translation of the provided text into English:

"Suiran seems to be genuinely remorseful, and she listens quietly to the sermon from the younger Sicily.

"By the way, is this pendant a magical tool? I sobered up instantly."

"Well, that's..."

Suiran had been listening quietly to the sermon, but as soon as it was over, she immediately mentioned the pendant.

Sicily, when asked, was unsure whether it was okay to say.

"Well, I can't give you all the details, but it has the effect of eliminating unnecessary things from the body."

As I said that, Suiran widened her eyes and picked up the pendant.

"Um... you don't intend to sell this, do you?"

Ah, here it comes.

"Sell... do you mean, sell it for sale?"

"Yes! Is that not possible?"

Suiran folded her hands and pleaded, but unfortunately, it couldn't meet her expectations.

"I'm sorry, but I can only grant it to myself, so I'm not selling it."

When I said that, Suiran looked genuinely disappointed.

"I see..."

Hmm... being looked at so dejectedly makes me feel like I'm doing something bad.

But if I agree to this deal now, I think I'll have to keep making pendants from now on. Well, there are plenty of magic stones in Kuanglong, so I don't have to worry about that.

Suiran had been dejected for a while, but a little later, she suddenly looked up and said.

"Then, would you consider selling it to me personally?"

"Personally... meaning you want it?"

"Yes! It eliminates unnecessary things from the body, right? So, it means it would eliminate poison if someone tried to poison me, right?"

Wow, she noticed that much from that brief explanation.

"Yes, that's right. So you want it with that understanding?"

"Yes. As a woman leading the merchant guild, I'm often targeted for my life. But with this, at least I can prevent being poisoned. For me, there's no more attractive tool!"

I see. Well, if Suiran wants to use it for herself, that's fine.

"If that's the reason, I'll give you the pendant."

When I said that, Suiran's eyes widened.

"No way! I can't accept such a wonderful magical tool for free!!"

"Huh? Uh, well..."

Why? I said I would give it for free, so why am I being lectured in return?

After a few exchanges of "It's okay for free" and "No, it's not okay," and with the final rate still undetermined, I persuaded her that it wouldn't make sense to receive money from Kuanglong until the rate was fixed. She reluctantly agreed.

Phew... but still, she's so insistent on providing compensation.

She really is a born merchant, after all. Free exchanges are out of the question.

Just this aspect alone shows Suiran's dignity as the head of the guild.

As I reevaluated Suiran in a positive light and watched Naval and the others getting drunk, the banquet continued.

And it was nearing the end of the banquet.

"...Huh?"

"Shin, what's wrong?"

"No, I thought I heard something..."

I felt like I heard a noise from outside the window, so I looked outside, but Sicily next to me didn't seem to notice.

But I definitely felt like I heard something.

"What was that?"

"Shin, did you hear it too?"

"Og?"

"Yeah. I was by the window, so I heard it clearly."

"You think it was just our imagination?"

While saying that, I looked outside the window with Og.

"What's going on? Shin and His Highness, what are you looking at?"

"Did something happen?"

Alice and Thor, seeing us like that, came closer.

"No, we heard a sound from outside just now."

"A sound, you say?"

Julius, who came with Thor, also looked outside the window.

Before I knew it, all the Ultimate Magicians were gathering by the window, looking outside.

And it was a while after we had been watching outside the window.

"Og! Look at that!"

"Yeah, that... is it a fire!"

In the distance, something started to glow orange.

There was no mistake, a fire had broken out!

After the sound, the fire's intensity grew rapidly.

The flames were getting bigger and bigger.

When we noticed, not only the Ultimate Magicians but also the members of the Min family crowded around the window to look outside.

"That direction..."

In the midst of this, Shaolin muttered quietly.

"Shaolin, do you know what's there?"

"Well, yes. Based on the direction and distance, probably..."

Then, with her next words, tension spread among us.

"...It might be Hao's house."

"Hao's?!"

I involuntarily raised my voice.

"W-We're not sure, you know? It's just that Hao's house is generally in that area..."

Her statement drew everyone's attention, and she seemed nervous, responding with some confusion.

"We need to investigate this promptly."

"You're right. If it's not Hao's house, that's fine, and we can help with firefighting. But if it is Hao's house..."

As I said that, Og let out a deep sigh and said, "It looks like it's going to be troublesome again."