

After the decision to conduct an archaeological survey based on Tony's proposal, Augustus invited Thor and Julius to his room.

"What's the matter, Your Highness?"

Thor, who was always by Augustus's side as his close aide, noticed that Augustus seemed different than usual.

In contrast to a little while ago, he had a very serious expression on his face.

In response to Thor's inquiry, Augustus issued a command to both of them.

"No, I intend to entrust a certain mission to you."

"A mission...?"

Julius, who was also always with Augustus, raised an eyebrow at Augustus's words.

"Ah, could it be that you want us to monitor Lord Shin? If by any chance he were to destroy the archaeological site, it could become an international issue shortly after establishing diplomatic relations."

"Thor is quite strict when it comes to Lord Shin."

For Thor, who had many craftsmen in his territory, Shin was a person he couldn't help but keep a close eye on. Shin might create something that could potentially disrupt the work of the craftsmen.

Upon hearing Thor's perspective, Julius couldn't help but chuckle.

"Well, ideally, that's what I'd like to do, but this time, it's for a different reason."

"A different reason?"

"If it's not monitoring Lord Shin, then what could it be?"

Julius, who had just chuckled at Thor's remarks, was actually saying something quite ruthless.

"Monitoring is indeed necessary, but the target is not Shin, that's all."

"If it's not Lord Shin, then... is it Lord Shaolin?"

Augustus affirmed Thor's deduction with a nod.

"However, since arriving in Kuanglong, Lord Shaolin has not displayed any particularly suspicious behavior..."

"That's true. But I can't help but feel uneasy."

"What's the matter?"

"The way Lord Shaolin looks at Lord Shin, that's what bothers me."

"Lord Shin's gaze...? What about it?"

Upon Augustus's words, Thor recalled Shaolin's previous actions.

Come to think of it, when he saw the weapons owned by Hao in the Imperial Courtyard, and when he confirmed the characters inscribed on them, Shaolin's expression had been very stern.

"Indeed... but I don't think we are in opposition, are we?"

That gaze was full of suspicion, as if wondering, "Do you really not know? Are you lying?"

To be honest, Thor didn't believe that Shin didn't know. He had expected Shin to recognize the true nature of those weapons, just as he had done in the past. However, the response he received was vague.

At that moment, Thor thought the same as Shaolin. "Does he really not know?" And he was convinced that he was correct. This was because when Hao had tried to activate those weapons, for some reason, Shin knew that they would activate but not attack.

Nevertheless, Thor had no intention of interrogating Shin. While Shin was often called unconventional by others, he understood what should not be created or released into the world. Thor did comment on Shin's work for the sake of formality, but he also enjoyed their exchanges.

However, Shin had not spoken about it. Thor believed that this was something that should not be revealed to the world.

"Well, it's probably mostly as you think. Shin knows, but he didn't say anything. Maybe he's suspicious about that. He also showed a slightly disgusted expression when the General confessed about the consumption of magic stones. I think he was pressured not to talk about it by the General's order of secrecy..."

When Augustus said this, Thor let out a sigh.

"You want to know the truth, don't you? The sound of the words may be pleasant, but sometimes it's better not to reveal the truth."

Thor, who spoke in exasperation, received a wry smile from Julius.

"Thor, you're quite obstinate."

At those words, Thor frowned.

"It's because I've been by His Highness's side for so long."

"Hey, why are you bringing me into this?"

Protesting the way Augustus was being brought into the conversation, Thor and Julius exchanged glances.

"Why? Because, Your Highness, you're the embodiment of obstinacy."

"That's true."

"You guys..."

As they were making their points, Augustus's face turned purple with anger, and then Thor launched a counterattack.

Translate the following text to English:

"It's because this time we were called by Lord Shaolin to monitor Lord Shin so that he doesn't take any strange actions, right? If you're worried about Lord Shin, you should have just said so from the beginning."

...

When Thor said this, Augustus was left speechless. It hit the mark.

Seeing his reaction, Julius chuckled and said, "As expected, he's quite obstinate."

"Enough! That's all I wanted, now go!"

"Understood."

"Roger."

Reprimanded by Augustus, the two of them left his room, struggling to contain their laughter.

Augustus, left behind, had his head in his hands, never expecting that his thoughts had been so transparent.