 a code snippet
of a website's sticky header

Here is the translation of the text to English:

"I know that, but this time you want to see the ruins, right? I thought there wouldn't be much time to look around because the ruins are infested with monsters..."

"Oh, I see."

It seems like Shaolin chose this particular ruin for our sake.

Certainly, it's hard to enjoy sightseeing when you have to defeat monsters along the way.

"Yeah, you're right. I'm interested in the ancient civilization ruins, not the monsters. I'd be happier if we could take our time."

Even Tony, who came up with the idea, seems to agree.

Personally, I wanted to see some artifacts from the ancient civilization of magic, but this time, Shaolin is with us, so it might be better to avoid it.

I mean, Shaolin is quite serious.

She's so serious that she doesn't seem very flexible.

I think she's still cautious because I use the same characters as those used for the ancient civilization's magical tools.

She doesn't usually show that caution openly and treats me normally, but sometimes that attitude surfaces.

It was the same when I saw the railgun.

I tried to reassure her that I had no ill intentions, and I think she has accepted that, but deep down, she might not fully trust me yet.

Well, it's understandable.

After all, we've only known each other for a few months.

I can't say I absolutely trust someone in such a short period.

Only scammers would say something like that.

So, our relationship with Shaolin is based on surface-level trust.

Well, that's how the world works, I suppose.

So, there's no need to make a fuss, and I steered the airship toward the ruins Shaolin is guiding us to.

"You managed to dodge that nicely."

Shaolin stepped back, and now Ogg came to the pilot's seat.

"Well, I guess trust hasn't been fully established yet. It can't be helped in such a short time."

"That may be true, but I don't feel very comfortable with this kind of attitude."

Ogg said that with a displeased expression.

"What's wrong? It's rare for Ogg to show his attitude."

I teased, and Ogg's expression turned slightly stern.

Here is the translation of the text to English:

"Well, considering the situation, it's only natural that Lady Shaolin doesn't want to reveal too many details... but it's still quite unpleasant."

"I see."

I replied and focused on piloting.

We're getting close to the location Lady Shaolin indicated, so I need to be careful not to overlook it.

As I concentrated on the outside view, Thor mumbled something.

"...Honestly..."

"Thor, did you say something?"

"No? Not really."

"?"

He was too far from me, and his voice was low, so I couldn't make out what he said.

I wonder what he said.

Thor and Julius are grinning, and Ogg is giving them a stern look.

Ah, I guess Thor said something teasing to Ogg.

Well, it's good that they get along.

More importantly, something is coming into view.

"Is that it, Lady Shaolin?"

I called Lady Shaolin, and she came to the pilot's seat to look outside.

"Oh, yes, that's it. Over there."

What came into view was a scene where a large square stone with many square holes was jutting out diagonally from the ground.

Near it, there was a building in the Kwanglong style.

"That's the closest ruin to the capital. There's an administrative office in the foreground, so let's land there first."

We landed the airship under Lady Shaolin's guidance.

After getting off the airship, we looked up at the square stone we had seen from above.

"Even from above, I thought it was huge, but it's amazing up close..."

Tony, who seemed the most interested, mumbled, and everyone nodded in agreement.

And Ogg, who had been observing closely, looked up at the stone in astonishment.

"I can't believe it... It's definitely... man-made."

I was sure of it when I saw it in the desert, but seeing it in person is truly overwhelming.

Yes, what we saw was...

Part of a collapsed skyscraper.content strategy
for a newsletter featuring free local weekend events