 a code snippet
of a website's sticky header

"Well, well, setting those jokes aside, let's go inside too. The investigator got left behind, and the three of us went in."

"Oh! Right, right! 'Let's go in right away!'"

The last words were probably directed at the investigator. In a rush, Shaolin and I entered the ruins.

Whether it's due to Shaolin's serious, committee-chairman-like disposition or her inability to tolerate rule-breaking, it seemed Shaolin couldn't let this kind of misconduct slide. I could make good use of that.

Relieved to escape Shaolin's suspicious gaze for now, Aug approached me.

"So, what's the real story?"

"What do you mean by the 'real story'?"

I should have just brushed it off lightly, but caught off guard after feeling relieved, I accidentally bit back with my response.

Uh-oh. I might have aroused some strange suspicions. Thinking that, I broke into a cold sweat. Aug chuckled.

"Well, never mind. More importantly, let's go inside."

"Yeah, right."

Phew...

He somehow stopped prying. Breathing a sigh of relief and thinking that he spared me from further investigation, I also entered the ruins.

Although I referred to it as the inside of the ruins, the ruins were in a state of being buried in the earth. They had simply dug tunnels through the earth to create passageways. We walked along passageways that were reinforced in various places.

Since the passageways had lighting using magic stones, there was ample brightness. The passageways branched in several directions, but there were signs with arrows, so we didn't get lost.

They mentioned it's a tourist attraction, so it's probably designed to prevent tourists from getting lost. I wonder what the passageways that aren't part of the route are for. Were they dug during the excavation?

While I was thinking about that, Sisily, who was walking next to me, muttered softly.

"It's quite a long passageway, isn't it?"

The passageway had been steadily sloping downward, leading underground, but we still hadn't reached our destination. We had gone quite deep underground, and I guess that was making her uneasy.

She tightly grabbed my left arm and clung to me.

Normally, I would comfort Sisily and walk hand in hand, but that's not possible right now.

Because...

"Um, that building we saw earlier, it's protruding from this underground place, right? How huge is it... or rather, how far does it go?"

It's because Maria is with us.

Moreover, she's gripping my right arm tightly, just like Sisily...

"Maria, you're holding on a bit too tightly, aren't you?"

Sisily's voice from the left side sounded cold.

...And my left arm feels cold, too.

"N-No, just cut me some slack for now! Are you planning to leave me alone in a place like this!?"

"No... I won't leave you alone."

"If you ever did that, I'd never forgive you!"

"Sigh, fine... It's just until we reach the end of this passageway, alright?"

"Y-Yeah, I get it."

Maria's desperation made Sisily give in.

This passageway, despite having lighting, is still dimly lit. It's also narrow. For Maria, who strongly dislikes ghosts and spooky things, being asked to walk this passageway alone must feel like torture. At first, Maria maintained a suitable distance, but as we proceeded along the passageway, she drew closer, eventually grabbing my arm. Sisily, who would normally try to forcefully separate me from Maria, knew that Maria, being her close childhood friend, is really uncomfortable in this kind of atmosphere. So she seemed to be letting it slide, understanding that Maria just wanted something to hold onto.

As we continued walking for a while, we met Alice, Lynn, and Tony at a junction.

"What are you guys doing?"

When I asked, Alice and the others, who had finally noticed us, turned to look at me with puzzled expressions.

And then, they said with a bewildered look on their faces, "Shin, did you take Maria as your lover?"

"We didn't!"

"It won't happen!"

"Hahaha..."

Alice had a completely misunderstanding, and both Maria and I denied it simultaneously. Sisily, who knew the full story, chuckled.

"Oh, I see. It's pretty dim in here, isn't it?"

"R-Right, but what are you guys doing in a place like this!?"

Alice seemed to have guessed the situation and reluctantly accepted it.

Maria was probably embarrassed to be found out, so she forcefully changed the subject by raising her voice.

While gripping my right arm...

...She doesn't let go even when we meet up with everyone else.

"Well, you see, I was curious about what Alice and the others were doing over here."

I could tell everything from Tony's words.

"...Tony was stopping Alice and Lynn from going off the designated route."

"That's right."

Tony nodded, shrugging his shoulders as if to say, "What can you do?".

These two never change.

"But seriously! Shin, aren't you curious too?"

"I can't help being curious."

"Permission from Shaolin or the investigator is needed for that. There might be something important, after all."

"That's exactly why I want to see it!"

"No, let's stick to the designated route for now."

"Boo..."

Alice and Lynn pouted, but this is an archaeological site in another country. If we do something reckless, it could become an international issue. Besides, Shaolin, with her committee-chairman-like disposition, probably wouldn't approve.

"Come on, let's go."

I urged Alice and Lynn, who were still pouting, and we started walking down the designated passageway.

...But.

"Maria, are you still scared?"

"Huh?"

Even with Alice and the others joining us, making it quite lively, Maria was still clinging to my right arm.

"Oh! S-Sorry."

Maybe she didn't realize she was still holding onto my arm, but when she heard my words, she quickly let go.

"It's okay now. Thanks, Shin."

"No, don't worry about it."

"Sorry, Sisily."

"It's fine. I know that Maria is uncomfortable in this kind of situation. She was just holding on a bit too tightly."

"Well, I can't help it..."

Sisily's gentle chiding made Maria tear up and protest.

That being said, with the increase in the number of people, Maria's anxiety seemed to have lessened, and she could talk to me normally even after letting go of my arm.

And so, the six of us began our journey together...

"Um, Sisily, why are you still holding onto his arm?"

"Yes?"

Despite Maria letting go, Sisily was still clinging to me.

Huh?

Since Maria had been competing with her, isn't it fine now that Maria has let go?

I thought so and asked, but Sisily pouted.

"Is it wrong for a wife to hold onto her husband's arm?"

"No, it's not wrong."

Yep, it's absolutely fine.

I continued walking down the passageway with Sisily clinging to my left arm.

"Damn... getting all lovey-dovey even in a place like this... but I'm the one who created this situation... Grr."

Maria, who had separated from me, had a sulky expression.

After all, Maria was the one who initially clung to me. If both Sisily and I are clinging to each other, she can't really complain, can she?

We continued down the passageway in a formation with Alice and Lynn at the front, followed by Tony and Maria, and Sisily and me at the rear.

When we passed several junctions, we could see that the passageway ahead was coming to an end.

"Oh! Finally, it's over!"

"It was long."

Seeing the end of the long passageway, Alice and Lynn rushed ahead.

"W-Wait for me! I'm coming too!"

Maria, who seemed eager to escape from this narrow, dimly lit passageway, followed behind them.

"It seems we've finally arrived at the ruins. I'm really looking forward to it."

Tony mumbled as he watched Alice, Lynn, and Maria rush ahead.

"Hey, I thought you were going to run ahead too, Tony."

"Well, the ruins aren't going anywhere, whether I run or not. I'll take my time and observe as I go."

Tony seemed more interested in a thorough exploration than seeing everything quickly.

"But really, it's surprising that Tony likes ancient ruins like this."

"Yeah, I thought Tony liked new and flashy things."

"I thought the same."

Tony is known for his playboy image, even though he's settled down with Lilia. His accessories and clothing are often in line with the fashion trends in the capital city. That's why it's quite surprising that he enjoys urban legends and such.

"Haha, Lilia, who came to my room, said the same thing. My room is full of urban legend magazines and stuff like that."

"Oh, you mentioned reading those."

"It's really unexpected."

"Is that so? Well, I don't believe in them seriously, but I find those absurd speculations and wild guesses quite entertaining."

"I can understand that."

"By the way, Shin, you occasionally read those kinds of magazines too, right?"

"Do I?"

Tony latched onto Sisily's casual comment.

"Why didn't you say so if that's the case?"

It seemed like Tony had found a kindred spirit, and he approached me with an ecstatic expression.

Oh, this is definitely going to be a hassle...

"How was the feature in this month's issue? I personally..."

"Oh, um, Tony."

"Hmm? What is it, Sisily?"

"We've already arrived..."

"Huh? Oh, you're right!"

It seemed that while Tony and I were talking, we had already reached the end of the passageway. When Sisily realized this, she called out to Tony, who then stopped talking to me and stepped into the ruins.

"Phew... Thanks, Sisily."

Listening to Tony's fully engrossing discussions can be really tiring, so I was grateful to Sisily for diverting his attention.

Thinking that, I expressed my gratitude to Sisily, who was wearing a wry smile.

"Tony is quite unique in that way."

"Indeed. Well, shall we explore this ancient civilization's ruins?"

"Yes."

Saying that, we exited the passageway.

And there, we were left speechless by the sight that lay before us.

"Am-Amazing..."

Sisily couldn't help but murmur in awe.

As for me, I couldn't say anything because the ruins we saw...

...resembled a scene I had seen in a past life far too closely. with concepts
for a retro-style arcade game