a personal webpage for me
after asking me three questions
2 / 2

"Who will be the first among Sicily, Ellie, and Olivia?"

"The first for what?"

Oh, I see, I didn't explain properly.

"For having children."

"!!"

...I accidentally said it to the person involved, Olivia.

Oh no, not just Olivia, but Mark turned red as well.

Watching the two turn red, Aug, who had been laughing earlier, spoke in a cold voice.

"What are you talking about, involving Ellie?"

Huh? Well, Ellie is the Crown Prince's wife, so it's necessary for her to have children, right?

"Of course."

"Olivia also said that she'll have Mark's child as the heir to the Bean Workshop."

"Well, I did say that..."

"If we also graduate from the academy and get married, our relationship will change, won't it? But we were talking about how we'll stay close as mom friends forever."

"So, it became a discussion about who will have a child first?"

"Sicily is already a Silver's mom, but she hasn't had a child yet, so..."

"Well, I understand the flow of the conversation. But that's a different matter from taking action over there."

So I was about to say that we'll discuss it when we get back, but I somehow refrained.

When I looked at Aug, he was grinning.

Damn, this guy, just like Maria and the others, knows what's going on.

"The conversation will get complicated, so if you understand, don't get involved."

"Haha, as always, you guys are never boring to watch."

It's just like him!

"Well, leaving that aside, this is a serious matter. Lady Wolford, Lady Bean, if you get pregnant, please report it immediately."

"Pregnant..."

"Sigh... 'Lady' is enough."

Sicily turned even redder upon hearing the specific word "pregnant," and Olivia had a resigned expression at being called "Lady Bean."

"It's a serious matter... Oh, you mean what Lynn mentioned."

"That's right. In the early stages of pregnancy, magic becomes unstable, and you can't use magic. During that time, there's a shortage of manpower."

"Even in the stable period, can't you send pregnant women to the field?"

"I plan to have them go to the healing facility during that time. Lady Wolford can use healing magic, of course, and Lady Bean can as well."

"Is that so?"

In a healing facility, pregnant women would likely face less strain.

Was this response better or worse?
Better
Worse
Same

Certainly, it's a serious matter.

While discussing possible future developments, Maria groaned.

What's wrong?

"Ugh... I also want to worry about life after getting pregnant..."

"That's just a dream for us..."

Maria and Alice looked distant.

Lynn doesn't seem interested.

"Both of you will have that time come for you too."

"Shut up, traitor!!"

"That's right! Your Highness, please discuss this with Yuri too!"

"With Carlton?"

"W-Wait a moment!"

Yuri is in a great hurry.

Wait a minute, discussing this with Yuri... In other words, talking about life after getting pregnant?

"Huh? Is Yuri getting married too?"

"Well, not yet."

"Not yet, which means you have plans for it."

"I-I don't know."

"So, there haven't been any specific discussions yet. The partner is Mr. Morgan, right?"

When I said that, not only Yuri but also Sicily had a surprised expression.

By the way, Mr. Morgan is a leather craftsman who works at the Bean Workshop.

I'm always grateful to him.

The leatherwork he creates is stylish and cool.

"Why does Wolfor... Walford-kun know about it!?"

Huh? Well, I've seen them talking amicably at the Bean Workshop. If they were dating, it would make sense.

"Eh!? Shin-kun, did you know!?"

I wouldn't say I knew, more like I had a hunch.

"You're so unfair! You could have told me!"

Sicily has completely revived and is coming at me.

I mean, unfair...

I haven't confirmed it, and there hasn't been any explicit statement, so I can't say anything, right?

"Muu."

Sicily is upset that she wasn't informed about the juicy topic of our friends' love lives.

Her pouting face is cute.

"Well, if Carlton also has such plans, you should let us know immediately. Keeping it a secret will affect those around you."

"Ye-yes, I understand."

Yuri replied with a gloomy expression.

Why is she so gloomy?

"Come on, Yuri. Don't give it away."

Yuri gives Alice a stern look.

That being said, I was the one who spilled the name.

"Sorry. Did you want to keep it a secret, perhaps?"

"I told Sicily to keep it a secret too."

Oh, that was when I returned from the Yuuki Palace to the Min family.

I remember Sicily trying to say something to me, but her mouth was covered.

"Oh, was that what this conversation was about?"

"Yes. I didn't expect you to know, Shin."

"That being said, Alice is the main culprit. It's because Alice said such things that it got exposed."

"Huh? Alice was with us at that time, right?"

Sicily and Maria were the ones who abducted Yuri.

"Well, I knew it, you know."

"Is that so?"

It's surprising that Alice knows about other people's romantic affairs.

"Yuri and I often hang out, including with Lynn."

"At that time, I coincidentally ran into the other party in town."

"It seemed kind of suspicious, so I questioned her, and she spilled the beans."

"Questioned her..."

I wonder what Yuri went through...

"What's the difference between Yuri and me? Is it the chest? It's the chest, right?"

Maria is massaging her chest with a disappointed look in her eyes.

Stop it, Maria!

Your chest is more than adequate!

In Maria's case, I think it's not about her chest or appearance but rather that her standards are just too high...

I should refrain from trying to console her since it might backfire.

"Well, I'm glad we don't have to worry about such things."

"Me too."

"Indeed."

"Yeah, Tony and his girlfriend, Lilia, work for the government, right?"

As far as I remember, Lilia works as a clerk, so she can continue working even if she gets pregnant, and it's unrelated to the Ultimate Magicians' duties, so there's no need to report it.

The same goes for Thor and Julius.

Thor's fiancée, Karen, and Julius's fiancée, Sarah, are both noble daughters, and Thor and Julius are as well.

After they get married, they'll assist in managing their respective territories as their wives. This also has nothing to do with the Ultimate Magicians.

"Well, it's not an obligation to report, but we have to celebrate it, so you better tell us, right?"

"Hahaha. Lilia will be surprised if His Highness congratulates her."

"I wish she'd get used to it already."

"By the way, will Aug be attending Tony and Lilia's wedding? Are you okay?"

"I wonder... I might get really nervous and stiff."

Tony laughed and said so.

"It's been over two years since we first met, and I wonder when I'll finally get used to it."

Aug sighed as he said that.

"Well, Lilia is just an ordinary civilian with no special powers. She says she gets nervous every time she meets everyone."

"Is that so? But I think Karen and Sarah have gotten quite close to us."

"Just being nobility makes them special."

I suppose that's true.

"Well, Lilia may not have special powers, but she's not as special as you, Shin."

"With great-grandparents being sages and high priests and parents being heroes, I guess we're pretty special."

When put that way, my family sounds rather unique.

Well, Silver is especially cute, though!

At that moment, Alice casually asked Aug, "By the way, Your Highness, why isn't Shin a noble?"

With those words, everyone's attention suddenly focused on Aug.

Come to think of it, I've never heard that discussion before.