 a story
about Sharky, a tooth-brushing shark superhero

"True. If Shin were ambitious, he might have become the second Strom by now."

Tony agreed with Alice's words.

I've talked about this with Naval before, but I really don't want to bother with world domination.

In the midst of this, Lin tilted her head.

"People with great power tend to become arrogant and drown in it. Why didn't you, Wolforde-kun?"

"Well, even if you ask me..."

I simply wasn't interested.

Unable to figure out how to respond to Lin's question, Cicily, with a wry smile, came to the rescue.

"Because we have Grandma..."

"Yeah..."

With just those words, everyone seemed to understand.

"Shin fears someone."

"We have a lot to thank Lady Merida for."

"Absolutely."

Certainly, in terms of magical power, I'm probably stronger than Grandma now.

But for some reason, I can't defy Grandma.

...Is it because of the imprinting from my childhood?

Well, whatever.

"So, thanks to Grandma."

That explanation is the quickest and most convincing.

I'll go with that from now on.

And just then, Olivia had a new question.

"I understand that Lady Merida is strict with Wolforde-kun, but what about Silver-kun?"

"How about it..."

I imagined Grandma's usual demeanor.

"She's very indulgent."

"Extremely."

Grandma is really affectionate with Silver.

She's strict when Silver does something dangerous, but otherwise, she just pouts when he's a bit selfish.

When we were on our way to Quanlong and went home once, Silver was crying and throwing a fit, and Grandma just fussed over him.

Grandma is really lenient with Silver.

"I'm also supposed to be her grandchild... But I have far more memories of Grandma scolding me."

What on earth is the reason for this difference in treatment?

I tilt my head, smiling wryly at Silver's whining, and Grandma says, "Oh dear, what a bother," and that's the end of it.

I've never seen that during my childhood.

Why is that? As I was pondering this, everyone's gaze was directed at me.

His face is filled with surprise.

It seems he is surprised by the difference in the way Silver and I are treated.

"Isn't it strange? Maybe it's because we're a grandchild and a great-grandchild?"

I say so, and everyone's faces are filled with even more surprise.

Why?

"Shin... are you really serious?"

"Huh?"

Oug seems genuinely surprised.

So, why?

"Well, Silver is a good kid, right?"

"Yeah, he's a good kid."

Alice and Lin say so.

"Wait a minute. While I agree that Silver is a good kid, doesn't that make it seem like I was a bad kid!"

Even I, when I was a child, listened to what my grandpa and grandma said and did my chores properly!

I was a good kid too!

"But, before, Lady Merida said that Wolforde-kun was an easy child to deal with, but when you took your eyes off him, you never knew what he would do."

That's what Yuri, who has the most interaction with Grandma among us, said.

Come to think of it... when I helped Grandpa and Grandma, they praised me properly.

But, I usually got scolded when I conducted magical experiments or made magical tools.

"...Huh? It's not that different from now..."

The main reason I get scolded by Grandma even now is when I develop new magic and magical tools.

It's the same reason I got scolded as a child.

When I realized this astonishing fact, Oug for some reason had a contemplative look.

"By the way, Shin. When you were scolded as a child, what were you scolded for?"

"Huh? Um, I think I was often told not to do dangerous things."

At that time, my mental age was that of an adult even though my body was that of a child.

It's not surprising that adults would worry.

Even so, my mind was that of an adult, so I would often do things that didn't fit the category of a child.

"I see. I think I understand the reason why Shin never stops himself."

All of them paid attention to Oug's words.

"Huh? What do you mean, Your Highness?"

Maria also seems to be interested and requested an explanation from Oug.

"Well, it's just a guess, and Shin himself probably isn't aware of it. Shin has always been scolded by Lady Merida. However, the main reason for that was because she thought it was dangerous for a child to use magic."

Well, that's true.

"Don't you think that Lady Merida is still scolding you for the same reason?"

"Huh?"

"You're not a child anymore, so there's nothing dangerous you would do. Because you think that way, Lady Merida's lectures probably don't affect you."

When Oug said that, everyone nodded in agreement.

No, no, it's not like that at all.

"I also understand why Grandma is angry."

When I said that, Oug gave me a stern look.

"Then... why can't you still control yourself?"

"Why, well..."

It was natural in my past life...

"No... it's just that I often develop things, thinking they might be useful, but I didn't really consider them much..."

When I said that, Oug let out a big sigh.

"Sigh... well, it's true that many of the things you create are useful in daily life."

"Right? So, you don't need to be so uptight."

"Sometimes, you come up with things like this self-propelled vehicle that threaten the existence of existing businesses, which is why I have to be cautious about what you create."

"Well, I do consider that to some extent..."

"Oh? What kind of thoughts?"

Huh? Surprisingly, he's getting interested?

"Well, for example, if we continue to use carriages in the city as before, we can use self-propelled vehicles for traveling between cities, right?"

"Wouldn't that still make carriages used?"

"Right, with those harnesses Grandma invented, right? That's quite a strain on the horses, and they don't really run that much, do they?"

"Indeed, there are significantly fewer self-propelled vehicles compared to carriages running in the city."

"In that case, why not have carriage companies make those self-propelled vehicles, and designate horses for city use only? That way, there wouldn't be unemployed businesses, right?"

I thought about it as a layman, but is it a bad idea?

As I was pondering, Oug looked at me with a serious expression and began discussing it with Thor and the others.

"Your Highness, that might work."

"With magical tools, we'll be tireless."

"This could revolutionize long-distance travel."

"That's right. But still..."

The three of them had been discussing it for a while, but eventually, Oug looked at me.

Certainly, it may sound good, but... there's someone who will suffer the most.

The most to suffer?

Lady Merida. She holds the rights to the magical harnesses. If we switch to self-propelled vehicles for long-distance travel, those magical harnesses will become unnecessary. In that case, Lady Merida will incur losses.

Ah, I see. That makes sense.

It doesn't matter, does it?

What?

Grandma is already so wealthy that it's enough to make her groan, right? Besides, she holds the rights to other magical tools as well. Losing one or two rights now won't really matter.

Is that so?

Probably.

Considering Grandma's age, she doesn't need to make any more money. There doesn't seem to be any other use for it except for the servants' salaries.

Oh, she has been buying Silver's toys quite frequently recently.

As I was pondering these things, Oug let out a sigh.

Talking further without having completed the self-propelled vehicle is meaningless in the current situation. Shin, promise me you'll show it to me once it's finished, just as we discussed, alright?

I understand.

With that, I concluded the conversation with Oug.

"Wolforde-kun! What's a self-propelled vehicle?"

Mark and Yuri, their eyes shining, pressed me for answers.

Oh, Oug is sighing with his hand on his forehead.

"Shin has influenced them too much..."

I'm not a bad influence! airplane turbulence
to someone who has never flown before