

"......"

When we were having that conversation, Maria, who was in the same room, was glaring at us.

"Huh? W-What?"

"...I just thought you guys were talking about how annoying happy couples are..."

Ah...

In this room, there's me, Sicily, Mark, Yuri, Olivia, Tony, Maria, and Shaolin-san.

...Except for Maria and Shaolin-san, everyone has a partner!

Thinking that, I look at Shaolin-san...

"Uh..."

"In a world with so many seemingly happy couples, why don't I have a boyfriend? What's wrong with me? Is something wrong?"

She's mumbling something!

"...Could you be a bit more considerate with your topics for the sake of lonely single people?"

"Oh, s-sorry."

"It's okay, Maria! I'm sure the right person will come along for you too!"

"Poor consolation won't do at all!!"

"Ah!"

Sicily's consolation doesn't seem to work, and Maria stormed out of the living room.

Shaolin-san is still mumbling.

What should I do...

As I'm thinking about it, the Ogg family, who had gone to the Yuukou Temple, returned.

"Hey, did something happen? Messina ran away crying, passing by Maria."

It seems like they just crossed paths with Maria.

Or rather, was she so upset that she cried...

"Um, among the people who stayed behind, Maria was the only one without a partner, so she kind of got sulky..."

Sicily is explaining, but is "sulky" the right word for it? Hmm.

It feels like there was some bitterness in her words...

"I see, I get it now. Carleton betrayed her, and there's no Corner who would usually agree with her."

"Come on, Your Highness! Don't say I betrayed her!"

Until now, Yuri was in the group without a boyfriend too.

She used to envy us along with Maria, but now Yuri has a boyfriend as well.

Although in Yuri's case, I thought she would get a boyfriend eventually.

Maria's standards aren't as high as hers, and she doesn't have a childlike figure like Alice.

In fact, you could say she has the most mature figure among all of us.

"I really wish Messina could also find a good match."

"Your Highness, what about me?"

"Of course, Corner as well, but we have too much influence on society right now. We can't just date anyone."

"Eh! Is that so?"

In response to Ogg's words, Alice uttered the same line as Maria and left the room.

"Oh, even Alice left... What did I do wrong?"

Sicily, who failed to comfort Alice this time, is feeling down.

"Well, comforting Alice might have the opposite effect, right?"

"Indeed."

Yuri and Olivia are looking somewhat convinced when they see Sicily feeling down.

"What do you mean?"

"Sicily has everything that Maria and Alice desire. A strong, kind husband who loves only her and adorable children. It's no wonder Maria and Alice envy her."

Yuri and Olivia's words make sense. From Maria and Alice's perspective, it might sound like those who have what they desire are talking down to those who don't.

"What!? I-I never meant that!"

"Even if you didn't mean it that way, it's how the listener might perceive it."

"Oh, I see..."

Sicily probably genuinely tried to comfort Maria and Alice. However, in their current bitter state, it might have come across as sarcasm.

"Well, Sicily is quite successful in love from our perspective as well."

"That's right. Having a wedding at the Earlside Cathedral is just too enviable."

Sicily, admired even by lovers Yuri and Olivia. As her partner, I can't say much about it.

"Oh? Does Mrs. Bean desire a wedding at the Earlside Cathedral? Should I put in a good word?"

"Please stop!! It's tempting, but if I become the actual bride, I'll die from the stress!!"

Olivia refuses the teasing Ogg with a determined look.

Anyway...

"That aside, the signing documents are ready. All that's left is the signing."

"Oh, finally."

That was the main purpose of coming to Quanrong, after all. Achieving that means our Quanrong stay is coming to an end.

"It's about time, isn't it? We've been through a lot, but it's a bit lonely when it comes to an end."

Shaolin-san says this with a hint of melancholy, but why?

"Eh? Shaolin-san, you're coming to Earlside, right? As a staff member of the Ultimate Magicians."

"...Ah."

I forgot about that.

"Um... I actually thought of going to Earlside for the biggest reason, but..."

"Oh, you mean me."

"Yes... So, well..."

"I see, you forgot."

"...I'm sorry."

Shaolin-san looks genuinely apologetic.

Well, it's kind of strange to forget something like that, even though she was personally recommended as a stationed member of the Ultimate Magicians by the Crown Prince of the powerful nation of Earlside.

"Well, if you're no longer troubled, then it's fine. If you feel sorry about it, just work diligently as a staff member."

"Yes! I'm from a merchant family, so I'll show you that I can be of service!"

Thinking she's been forgiven by Ogg, Shaolin-san answered enthusiastically.

When Ogg heard that, he... oh, he had a sly smile.

Is he planning to make use of Shaolin-san's sense of obligation and make her work like a horse?

"What are you grinning about?"

"Did I say something?"

Well, anyway, once we return to Earlside, the Ultimate Magicians will start full-scale operations. Until now, we were students, but from now on, we'll be working adults.

We need to put even more effort into it.

"Yeah. We'll be able to use magic more than ever. I'm looking forward to it."

Until now, it felt like an extension of our school activities, so we didn't receive requests very frequently. But it seems that we'll be getting a lot more requests in the future.

With that in mind, Lin is also gearing up.

By the way, Lin didn't participate in the earlier conversation about Maria and Alice.

She's a big fan of magic and says magic is her lover. So, she's not interested in having a boyfriend.

"Such a waste. Lin is cute too, so she should try to find a boyfriend."

"Magic is my lover, so I don't need one."

"Again with that? Lin, you often go to the Magic Academy, right? Don't you have anyone you're interested in there?"

Speaking of which, Lin frequently goes to the Magic Academy.

While she's not officially a member, it seems that Lin, as an Ultimate Magician, is warmly welcomed at the Magic Academy.

Come to think of it, I've never heard about her social connections or relationships there. I wonder how it is?

"The people there are all freaks who are only interested in magic. I've never seen anyone like that."

Uh... Lin, that... aren't you the same kind of person?