 a fun fact
about the Roman Empire

Here's the translation of the provided text into English:

"That area is entrusted to the Min family. They plan to have exiles in this country teach the languages of the western countries."

"When did this happen?"

"Lord Liefan will also stay behind and become an instructor. Lord Shaolin will become a resident magician for the Ultimate Magicians."

Liefan had been following Shaolin for a long time.

"Are you not feeling lonely?"

"Liefan, are you okay with this?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, being separated from Shaolin..."

"Ah, I see. Well, I'll be traveling with everyone until we reach Arus Hide, won't I? So, it shouldn't be a problem if I'm not with her. We were together last time for the desert crossing, though."

"Oh, I see."

"Liefan, give it your best. If this goes well, the Min family can pioneer foreign language schools."

"Understood. I will accomplish it even if it costs me my life."

...These two are truly just a master and servant.

In reality, there is no romantic interest between them at all. Shaolin sees Liefan as nothing more than a servant, and Liefan finds serving the Min family to be his greatest joy.

The reason he followed Shaolin was because she is truly the young lady of the Min family.

"Well, it can't be helped, can it?"

"Mmm, it's boring."

Sicily, who loves romantic affairs, must have been hoping for a love that goes beyond the master-servant relationship.

She watches the two who seem to have no romantic feelings and pouts.

"By the way, about our return. Since we'll be operating airships in the future, we'll also be flying airships for pilot training. I will be onboard as the person in charge, but is there anyone else who wants to accompany us?"

When Aug says this, all the men raise their hands to fly in the sky.

Seems like they want to fly in the air.

"Shin, what about you?"

"Me? I'll return home through the gate first, and then I'll take Silver and fly back on the airship."

When I say that, Aug makes a surprised face.

"You've become quite the doting father."

"Shut up. You'll understand once you have children."

"What will Lady Wolford do?"

"I'll accompany Shin-kun."

"What's your real desire?"

"I want to travel with Silver."

"Me too..."

Silver has only been to the campsite and hasn't experienced a journey in the sky. Sicily and I have been discussing how we really want to let him experience it.

Here's the translation of the provided text into English:

"I'm skipping this because it's a hassle. I want to get home quickly through the gate."

"Me too."

Maria and Alice said that with a really unenthusiastic tone.

Mmm, these people are devoid of romance.

"What about you, Shaolin? I'll be using the gate to get home since I have work to do at the shop," Olivia said.

She's still working at the shop, huh?

"I'll be taking the airship home. There are a few things I want to discuss with His Highness on the way," Shaolin said.

Shaolin is really diligent.

She hasn't even officially started her duties yet, and she's talking about work.

"I want to go home quickly because I want to see him," Yuri said.

"I also want to get home quickly. Traveling is a waste of time."

"A waste of time..."

I can kind of understand Yuri's reason.

Lynn's reason is logical, but it lacks any emotion.

Traveling is all about the journey, after all.

"I've had enough of traveling."

Well, that's true.

"That's all for the communication. After the signing ceremony is over the day after tomorrow, make sure to clean up your rooms," Aug said, and Shaolin paused.

"I'm sorry. I'd like to have a farewell party the night after tomorrow, so could we postpone our departure to the following day?"

A farewell party, huh.

It's finally time to say goodbye to Quanlong. thank-you note
to my interviewer