

"I can't agree to that. From now on, we'll have to handle the trading ourselves, right? By the way, there's no one among us who can use extradimensional storage. I've heard that the Magic Corps can use it in Els, but they won't let someone like me, a mere baggage carrier, use it. So, does that mean we'll have to keep lugging around the cargo in the sky?"

Naval, who had been asked to explain to Aaron, began to explain.

Upon hearing this, Aaron pursed his lips and said, "I see."

"That's right, isn't it? Well then, be careful and come back," he said.

With that, he disappeared through the gate, and I closed it this time.

After that, when Dis-ojisan was also sent to Arusheid, everyone from the Els delegation breathed a sigh of relief.

"I was worried about what to do when they told me to come back with you," Naval said with a relieved sigh.

"What do you mean? Is it because of the cargo management?"

"That's just a pretext, you know. We can experiment with what happens when we load the cargo after we get back."

"Huh? Then why didn't you come back with us?"

Thinking that, Naval and the others looked at each other and then said,

"We have a banquet to attend from now, it's obvious, isn't it?"

I took a wireless communication device from my extradimensional storage, nonchalantly.

"I'll report to Aaron-san..."

"Just that! Please spare us from just that!"

"We've been working so hard! We've been working so hard to negotiate the treaty advantageously!"

"So isn't it fine to have a little reward!"

Grown adults... And it was middle-aged men who seemed like they could have grandchildren clinging to me, as they shed tears.

Seeing that pitiful sight, I put the wireless communication device back into the extradimensional storage.

"Fine, I understand. The fact is, you've been working hard, so I won't say anything to Aaron-san."

When I said that, the men's eyes sparkled.

"Thank you! Thank you, Shin-kun!"

"We'll make dealing with Walford-kun a top priority from now on!"

"We will too!"

... Is it possible that I'm being so appreciated just for missing the banquet?

I wonder if Els' bureaucrats get that stressed out?

And so, we left the Royal Palace of Yuhou.

I probably won't come back here unless there's something really important.

Well, Naval and the others might come again in the future.

After leaving the Royal Palace of Yuhou, we were walking on our way to the Min household.

It was because Shaolin-san had asked us to take our time coming back.

Apparently, the Min family was in a hurry preparing for a farewell party.

So, we decided to walk back.

"Come to think of it, there were assassins hiding all over the place on the first day," Maria said, recalling the first day when she arrived in Quanrong. She said this while looking around at the nearby buildings.

"Today, it seems there are no such people," said Liefan.

"Oh, you've gotten quite good at using reconnaissance magic," I praised Liefan, who had learned reconnaissance magic from me and was now using it effectively.

Thinking this, I complimented Liefan, and she scratched her head, looking a bit embarrassed.

"Well, I still have a long way to go. I can't deploy it as naturally as you all do yet. Even now, my concentration breaks as soon as I start a conversation," she admitted.

"Yeah, I was the same way at first. It's easy for your concentration to break," Alice, who was walking near Liefan, said as if she were looking out for her junior.

Actually, when it came to using reconnaissance magic, Alice was the senior, but...

I wonder, since Alice is younger and looks even more childlike, it's a bit hard to reconcile.

"Alice is the same even now. She easily loses concentration."

"That's about concentration, not reconnaissance magic!"

Thinking this, they started playfully nudging each other, just like usual.

Yeah, this feels more like the usual.

As we all laughed while watching this familiar scene, Shaolin, who was walking next to me, spoke more formally.

"Lord Shin, I am truly grateful for all the help you've given us. I apologize for causing you any discomfort."

"Are you still worried about it?"

"I do worry. Probably... for a long time..."

As Shaolin said this, Sicily, who was walking on the opposite side, tightly grasped my arm.

"Shin-kun is saying the same thing, so Shaolin-san, please don't worry. We'll be working together for a while, so if you keep worrying, you'll get tired."

Sicily said that with an expression full of affection, but this is...

"...She's restraining herself, isn't she?"

"...It seems like she is."

Yuri and Olivia muttered quietly.

I don't want to be conceited, but the fact that she worries about me all the time is like saying that she's constantly thinking about me. Sicily must have sensed that and started restraining herself.

However, Shaolin-san, does she have that intention?

"Sicily-dono... You truly are a celestial being. You shouldn't be offering such kind words to someone like me."

"Eh!? Of course! I can't blame someone who's already reflecting!"

"Celestial being..."

Shaolin-san's eyes welled up with emotion, and Sicily looked down.

"It's... embarrassing..."

Sicily is known as a saint and is even called the symbol of compassion, but in reality, she's just a normal girl.

Actually, or maybe I should say she's quite jealous.

But I think it's all out of concern for me. So, I comforted Sicily by patting her head as she blushed, and Shaolin-san, who saw this, became even more radiant.

"It's a beautiful sight... You and the celestial being match so well... It makes sense that Lord Shin is also called the Divine Messenger."

"What's a Divine Messenger!?"

"Huh? Isn't that what you're called over there? In Quanrong, people refer to those sent by the gods as 'Divine Messengers.'"

Saint = Celestial being, I guess it's the same thing.

Or is it just an abbreviation?

"Everyone in the Min household already calls you that. You cured Suiran-neesama's illness, dispelled the dark magic that bound the Min family, and averted the dragon's disaster. What else would you call someone who has accomplished such great deeds if not a Divine Messenger?"

As she said this, she seemed to be getting more excited, and she ended up questioning me as if seeking an answer.

Well, I'm the person being called that!

Even if the person being called that says such things, there's nothing else to say but "It's embarrassing," right?

"Despite that, you seemed to have quite a bit of doubt about Shin, didn't you?"

As we both looked aghast at Shaolin-san's intensity, we heard Oug's teasing voice.

When Shaolin-san was told that, her demeanor changed dramatically from the excitement she had shown earlier, and she became noticeably dejected.

"...That's why I was struggling... Do you understand? The guilt of doubting someone worthy of being called a Divine Messenger, the one who saved the Min family..."

Oh no... it feels like a dark cloud has descended around Shaolin-san.

She's really down...

"...I'm sorry. I didn't mean any harm."

Seeing how downcast she was, even Oug, known for his frankness, seemed to have a twinge of conscience and offered a sincere apology to Shaolin-san.

Shaolin-san is just too serious, and jokes don't seem to sit well with her.

If we're going to work together from now on, she needs to learn to let such things slide.

As I was contemplating how to convey this to Shaolin-san, she suddenly perked up.

"However! All of my concerns have been resolved now! From here on, I am determined to work tirelessly for the Divine Messenger and the Celestial Being! Please, feel free to ask me anything!"

Well... you are still our monitor.

Is it really okay with an emissary from Quanrong?

I thought this and approached Oug to whisper to him.

"Hey Oug, is it really okay with Shaolin-san as the envoy from Quanrong?"

"There's no other choice. Shaolin-dono is the only one who can handle administrative tasks and communicate with us without an interpreter."

"...I have a really bad feeling about this."

"Don't worry. I do too."

"There's not a single reassuring factor."

In any case, we need to handle Shaolin-san with caution.

We might end up with people who blindly worship me and Sicily, or more accurately, people who obey our every word. If that happens, the very system of sending personnel from various countries might come under scrutiny.

"I can't believe we're finding issues before it even starts..."

"Well, it's just like us."

As we whispered to each other like that, Shaolin-san approached us.

"Your Highness, Lord Shin, is something the matter?"

"No, it's nothing."

He's still as nonchalant as ever.

"Is that so? I thought you were discussing something serious..."

Of course, I couldn't say, "We were discussing something serious, like you," to her.

So, I decided to go along with Oug's idea.

"It's really nothing. Oug had left his wife alone for too long, so we were discussing what to do."

"!!"

Upon hearing my words, Oug's eyes widened in shock.

Huh? Hey, wait, don't tell me...

"I... had forgotten."

Oug muttered quietly to me.

Seriously!?

"Um, you occasionally visit her at the gate and contact her with the wireless communicator..."

"Ah... I see... That's an option..."

This guy... he was completely in work mode.

Because of that, he had completely forgotten about Ellie.

"Hey, you're the one who brought it up. Think of a way to appease Ellie properly!"

"Why!?"

"If it's known that we haven't taken any measures here, Shaolin-dono will become suspicious. Are you okay with that?"

"Ugh..."

I can't believe I made such a careless excuse.

Regretting my earlier statement, I desperately tried to think of how to calm down an angry Ellie, which would undoubtedly be the case.

Meanwhile, behind us, Shaolin-san's voice could be heard chuckling.

"Your Highness and Lord Shin seem to get along quite well."

"Yes, they're best friends. Even her Highness Ellie is jealous of how close they are."

"When you mention her Highness Ellie, are you referring to the Crown Princess? Is such a person jealous?"

"Ellie is a gracious queen who cares for the people. So, she is very popular."

"I see, I didn't know that."

Well, it's not so much caring for the people as it is getting caught up in our... mainly Alice's and Rin's... secular activities.

I'm not sure if that's the reason, but Ellie's emotions can be quite intense.

I've heard that noble ladies don't show their emotions too openly...

Because of Ellie's personality, if Oug has left her without any communication, she's probably really upset.

...I hope I'm not letting my imagination run wild again...

"At this point, shouldn't you just spoil her like crazy?"

"Spoil her?"

"Yeah. When you get back, hug Ellie before she has a chance to complain."

"I see."

"And then, whisper 'I missed you' in her ear."

"Hmm."

"So, just take her to the room."

"...Is that really okay?"

"...I think that's the only way."

Don't give Ellie a chance to counter-attack!

Initiate an attack and follow up until the end!

So, I provided Oug with a pretty bold plan.

Well, Ellie is quite easygoing when it comes to Oug, so I think it will work.

"But still, how could you forget about your wife?"

"There's no helping it. There have been continuous matters that needed my attention."

"But still, you could have at least used the wireless communicator for communication."

"I didn't think of using it in that way."

Oh, that's right, I mainly use the wireless communicator for business communication.

The culture of personal communication among us isn't established yet.

"Well, why don't you turn that into a selling point?"

"A fixed communication device?"

"Yes. It's widely known that they were originally used in the military, right? So, I think businesses that have a lot of business communication would be the first to purchase fixed communication devices. However, the advantage of a communication device is the ability to connect immediately with distant parties. If it becomes known that you can easily communicate with a lover who hasn't married yet or with family members living far away, I think it will become popular quickly. What do you think?"

"Hmm... that might be a good idea."

"Right? Oh, if that happens, I want to make posters too."

"Posters?"

"We have photos, right? Enlarge them, add a catchy slogan, and use them for promotion."

"I see... photos have that kind of use..."

There are photos in this world too.

But their use is limited to taking family photos or occasionally appearing in newspapers.

Creating a groundbreaking advertising medium like posters would have a tremendous advertising effect, I believe.

"I see, is that also knowledge from your previous life?"

"It seems that way. It was common in my previous life."

As we were having that conversation, we heard voices from behind again.

"It's turned into a work discussion all of a sudden..."

"Well, that's just how it goes. Really, you two."

Sicily approached us, looking exasperated.

"Both Shin and Your Highness seem to be neglecting Ellie too much. Should I report this to her?"

When Sicily said that, Oug lowered his head towards Sicily.

"Please, Lady Walford, spare me just this once."

Hey, can the crown prince of a major nation really bow his head for something like this?

"...I understand. Please, make sure to think about Ellie."

"Alright, I promise."

"Well, before the farewell party, contact Ellie with the wireless communicator, okay?"

"What!?"

"It's a promise, alright?"

Sicily said this, smiled, and then returned to Shaolin's side.

So it seems that initiating an attack followed by a counterattack won't work...

"Shin, what should I do?"

"Apologize, I guess?"

To avoid making Sicily—or rather, the women—your enemies, it seems there's no other choice.

Properly contact her and come to face her anger.

When I said that, Oug let out a sigh as if he had given up.

"There's no helping it, I'll have to face her anger."

Saying so, Oug returned to the Min residence and locked himself in his room.

According to the reports from Alice and Rin, who were eavesdropping outside the door, Ellie's voice from the wireless communicator could be heard all the way outside the door.

When Oug finally came out of his room, he looked more dejected than usual.

You reap what you sow. with concepts
for a retro-style arcade game