 thank-you note
to my interviewer

"Nice to meet you! I've been dispatched from Sweden, and I'm Catalina Arenas! It's an honor to meet all of the Ultimate Magicians!"

With these words, a woman dressed smartly in a tight suit and tied-up brown hair gave her greeting. She looked like the epitome of competence, almost like a secretary.

"Nice to meet you, Catalina."

"Yes! Thank you for saving Sweden during that time!"

Her eyes sparkled as she looked at us. We were the ones who had directly assisted when Sweden was attacked by magical creatures. To this day, the people of Sweden were grateful for our help.

Feeling pleased about this, the woman next to me introduced herself.

"Um, I came from Darm, and I'm Alma Bietti..."

Alma was a petite woman with a short bob haircut that reached her shoulders. My initial impression of her was like a "small animal." So, she was one of the dispatched agents from Darm that we were warned to be cautious about. She seemed a bit nervous and harmless, though.

"Nice to meet you, Alma."

"Yes... Thank you for having me..."

She really did seem harmless. Nevertheless, coming from the politically unstable Darm, it was better to remain cautious.

But it's a strange situation, isn't it? We're supposed to be the observers, but we might need to observe her.

"Nice to meet you! I'm Ian Corey from Karann. I've been tasked by Mr. Garan to support Shin-sama!"

Ian Corey, who came from Karann, was a well-built man with short black hair. He looked older than me, but "Shin-sama"...

Could it be that men from Karann are all muscular or something?

"Yes, Mr. Garan asked me to. Um, Ian, are you a shepherd?"

"No, shepherds are chosen men, so I can't be one. I support the shepherds and manage the wool from the sheep that have transformed into monsters."

Well, that explanation didn't clarify much. It seemed that even the clerical staff were muscular in Karann. In my mind, Karann had become the country of muscle.

"I'm Henri Montlere, and I come from Kurto. Nice to meet you."

Oh, the person from Kurto seems composed.

He wore narrow glasses and had an air of competence about him.

"Nice to meet you, Henri-san."

"Hehe, Shin-sama. You're a hero of the world. Please, just call me Henri."

"Huh? W-Well, you're older, and all of you are dispatched from different countries, so addressing you informally is not really..."

"No! You should address me informally! You can even call me a dog if you want!!"

"..."

Oh...

I thought he looked competent, but he's turning out to be quite eccentric.

"...Nice to meet you, Henri-san."

"Tch."

He clicked his tongue!

He clicked his tongue because I didn't address him informally!

The person I thought was the most normal turned out to be the weirdest.

"Ahem, may I continue?"

"Huh? Oh, yes. I'm sorry, please go ahead."

"I come from the Holy Land of East, and I am Natasha von Fermer. I am sincerely delighted to meet the envoys, the Holy Maiden, and the Saint."

Natasha was a priestess dressed in holy attire.

I wonder if there are only priestesses in the Holy Land of East?

But more importantly...

"Um... Natasha, are you a noble?"

In a religious nation, do they even have nobility?

"I do have family holdings, but there are no nobles in the Holy Land of East. My family is from the cardinal's lineage."

"Oh, I see."

Oh, does that mean...

"Then, is Ekaterina's family from the cardinal's lineage too?"

That person's name is Ekaterina von Preußen.

When I said that, Natasha turned pale.

"Y-You're addressing His Holiness with 'san'...?"

Oh no!

I accidentally called Ekaterina 'san' in front of the priestess!

"No! I mean, she's my grandma's disciple, and she often visits our house, so I just..."

I was trying to make excuses, but Natasha was trembling and looked down.

This is bad. I've completely angered...

"Being in a relationship with His Holiness! The envoys truly are amazing! I admire you even more!"

Huh!?

Is this person a bit odd too!?

So far, the only normal person seems to be Catalina from Sweden!

"Oh, hahaha. Nice to meet you."

"Yes! I'm ready to give my life for the envoys and the Holy Maiden at any time!"

"There's no need to risk your life for office work!"

"Buha!"

I couldn't help but make a retort to Natasha's nonsensical statement.

And then, the last person who had been holding back burst into laughter.

"Ah, sorry! Um..."

The last person is from Els.

He has black hair and a slightly wild appearance.

He's not as muscular as Ian from Karann, but he has a well-toned physique.

This level of lean muscularity looks good, doesn't it?

But there's something familiar about this person.

Who is he? I feel like I've seen him recently.

"Gufu, afu! Haa... sorry. Shin-san's retort got me good."

Finally, the man from Els seemed to have controlled his laughter and introduced himself.

"I'm Cartas Zenith. Nice to meet you."

"Is that so? Nice to meet you..."

Huh? Zenith?

I stopped mid-sentence and stared at Cartas.

"Oh!"

That's right, I've seen this person recently...

"My father is always indebted to you. I'm Aaron Zenith's son."

He looks just like President Aaron!

"Huh!? The son of President Aaron!? So, you're a prince!?"

Maria exclaimed in surprise at Cartas's introduction.

"That's not quite accurate. Els doesn't have a hereditary system, so I'm not the next president."

"Oh, they have elections among the governors, right?"

"Exactly. That's why I'm Aaron President's son, but I'm just a regular person."

"I see."

Come to think of it, Els is kind of like a semi-democracy.

They elect their head of state, so their children are just ordinary people.

"Come to think of it, it's a bit confusing, isn't it?"

No, Maria is probably more knowledgeable about the world's affairs. What am I saying?

"Well, just think of it that way. I used to work in finance for a trading company before coming here, so you can leave the money calculations to me, Valkyrie-sama."

"What!? Wait! Don't call me that!"

"Huh? Don't you like that name, by any chance?"

"I definitely don't! It's just embarrassing!"

"I see, my apologies. I thought it had become quite popular."

"...That's unexpected. I had no idea it had become so popular."

Well, I guess it's better than being called a demon lord or a messenger of God.

"Well, with that said, please take care of me from now on."

"You too, please take care of me."

Now, is everyone introduced?

"Lord Shin, I also would like to introduce myself to everyone..."

"Oh, I'm sorry. I thought it wasn't necessary because I already know about Shaolin."

"It may not be necessary for you, Lord Shin, but it might be necessary for everyone else."

Shaolin said that and bowed to the six others.

"I come from Kuang Long, a country beyond Els' eastern desert. My name is Ming Shaolin. My family runs a trading company, and we handle various aspects from sales to procurement. I look forward to working with all of you."

As Shaolin introduced herself, Catalina, Alma, Ian, and Cartas applauded.

However, Henri and Natasha had stern expressions.

What's going on?

"You called her Shaolin, right?"

Henri asked Shaolin in a calm tone.

"Yes."

After Shaolin replied, Natasha also inquired, "You seem to have a close relationship with Lord Shin... What kind of relationship is it?"

Huh? Why are you asking that?

"Lord Shin is a great benefactor to our Ming family. When he visited Kuang Long, he stayed at the Ming family's home, and we treated him with great hospitality."

Upon hearing Shaolin's words, both Henri and Natasha had shocked expressions.

"He was invited and treated with hospitality..."

"What in the world..."

Both of them kneeled with their hands on the ground.

It's like a pose of despair or something.

Startled, the two of them got up abruptly and pointed at Shaolin.

You shouldn't point at people.

"Don't think you've won with this!"

"What are you talking about!?"

Shaolin seemed to declare war on them in some way.

It feels like they've singled her out for a different reason.

"Hey, is she really that exceptional?"

"Well, based on her profile, it seems so..."

Even Oug, who had only known her through documents until now, looked perplexed.

Will the organization really run smoothly with this?