 course overview
psychology behind decision-making

The people here knew almost everything that was happening to Cecily, even Cecily's wife. The only one who didn't know anything was the sleeping patient.

Soon, Cecily came out of the examination room, adjusting her clothes and looking somewhat embarrassed.

"Cecily."

"Shin!"

When I called out to her, Cecily had tears in her eyes and embraced me with a beaming smile.

"Shin, I... I..."

"No, Saintess! This is an important time, so don't move so vigorously!"

"Oh, I'm, I'm sorry."

The female healing mage who had been treating Cecily restrained her, and Cecily complied.

This is... just as I thought.

"Um..."

I called out to the female healing mage, and in response, she smiled warmly and said, "Congratulations."

The pendant I had changed a little while ago, recent health issues, suddenly losing the ability to use magic, and the female healing mage's congratulations – all of these signs pointed to only one thing.

"The Saintess is pregnant, probably about two months."

Upon hearing those words, I looked at Cecily. She had a bashful, yet happy and blissful smile on her face.

"Cecily!"

"Eep!"

I couldn't help but embrace Cecily tightly.

"Thank you! Thank you, Cecily!"

"Shin..."

I couldn't find any words of gratitude for Cecily, who was carrying my child.

In response, Cecily gently embraced me in return.

"Angel, you mustn't hug a pregnant woman so tightly!"

"Yes!"

Startled by the scolding from the female healing mage, I quickly released Cecily.

Scary... why are female healthcare professionals so scary?

I inadvertently jumped back.

"Is it alright? Early pregnancy is very unstable. Please rest until you reach a stable period."

"Yes, understood."

"By the way, is there anyone around the Saintess who is a mother or has experience with childbirth?"

"Oh, Grandma Merida is here."

"...It's incredible that the name coming up is 'High Priest.' Come to think of it, the High Priest has experience with childbirth as well. It's a good thing to have someone with experience. Listen to the High Priest and don't do anything reckless."

"Yes, thank you."

Cecily bowed deeply to the female healing mage.

"No, it's an honor as a devotee of the Creator God to be able to announce the conception of the Saintess."

The female healing mage said this and then left the treatment room.

Cecily then bowed to the patient's wife.

"I'm sorry for not being of any help."

The wife, who had been in shock for a moment, suddenly snapped back to reality and waved her hands widely.

"No, no, no! I heard that magic doesn't work during the early stages of pregnancy, so please don't worry about it!"

"But... it's my fault for not noticing and taking her all over the place without realizing her condition. I'm sorry."

"Really, it's more than fine! My husband was saved, and above all, being present at the Saintess's announcement of conception is a once-in-a-lifetime memory!"

"I-is that so..."

Cecily turned bright red, likely embarrassed to have her announcement heard by strangers.

"Angel, thank you so much. Thanks to you, my husband was saved. I don't wish for anything more."

"No, I'm glad I could help. And please express your gratitude to the healing mage over here as well. It's thanks to her continuous use of magic that your husband's life was saved."

"Of course. Thank you!"

"Take good care."

"Yes. Thank you for your assistance."

The wife said this and left the treatment room, accompanying her husband, who was being led away by the staff.

"Phew... When I got the message from Natasha, I thought something had happened."

I tried to change the atmosphere with a casual remark directed at Natasha.

However, she had a mournful expression and seemed downcast.

"Huh? Why?"

Natasha had quickly contacted me when something seemed wrong with Cecily's health.

Thanks to that, the patient was saved.

What's there to be down about?

"It's my... it's my fault!"

"What do you mean!?"

Startled by Natasha's sudden outburst, I asked without thinking.

"I didn't notice the Saintess's health issues and took her around everywhere... If something were to happen to the Saintess and the child, I... I could never make amends even if I gave my life!"

After saying that, Natasha burst into tears.

Wait a minute...

"Don't be so quick to throw your life away!"

Why are these devout Creator God devotees so extreme?

"And if we didn't notice Cecily's health issues, I, her husband, would be the most to blame. We've been together all this time."

"Angel..."

"I, too, noticed that Cecily's health wasn't ideal, but I brushed it off as not a big deal. So, in that regard, we're both at fault."

"But..."

She's really taking this to heart.

I can't help it.

"If you're that concerned, can I ask a favor of you, Natasha?"

"A favor...?"

"Yes. Cecily won't be able to use magic for a while from now on because of her pregnancy. That will make her a vulnerable woman. Can you protect her during that time?"

When I said this, Natasha looked surprised at first and then her eyes filled with determination.

Ah, she's back.

"Leave it to me! I'll protect the Saintess and the child with my life if necessary!"

...I won't comment on that.

The idea of giving her life is probably just her way of speaking.

Yeah, that's probably it.

"Come on, Shin. Don't ask too much of Natasha."

"It's not too much. Cecily won't be able to use magic, and if anything were to happen to Cecily and the child..."

Just thinking about it fills me with dark emotions.

"W-Okay! I understand! Please calm down!"

I finally calmed down with Cecily's words.

"Now, let's get back and report. And also, we should consider the rotation at the treatment center."

"That's true. By the way..."

"Yes?"

"Is everything okay with your request, Shin?"

...Oops, I forgot.