

A few days after giving the pendant to Ellie, we were living our usual daily lives. Sicily and Olivia became unable to use magic due to their pregnancy, so Mark teamed up with me. Everyone can use healing magic, but they can't handle it as well as Sicily. And for a good reason, Sicily used to defeat monsters and dissect them herself while understanding the biology of creatures. However, the others didn't go that far. In essence, the shrine maidens at the infirmary have skills in healing magic no different from hers. Despite this, there was no replacement personnel sent to the infirmary for Sicily. Instead, if there were any problems, they would contact me. I didn't think that patients too difficult for the capable shrine maidens at the infirmary would come every single day, but I received calls without fail once a day. Accidents, incidents, illnesses, and every day, someone was exposed to a life-threatening situation. Facing that alone was quite stressful.

"Phew..."

"Oh, welcome back, Wolforde-kun."

"Ah, I'm back, Mark."

I had just returned from an emergency call, and during that time, Mark had been handling requests on his own, but it seemed he had just finished and returned.

"You look really tired, huh?"

"Huh? Yeah, well, physically, I'm fine, but mentally..."

"...Was it that brutal?"

Mark asked me with a concerned look as I showed signs of fatigue. I was called in this time because there was an accident at a construction site. It was deemed too dangerous to move the injured, so I provided treatment on-site. But there, a person who had already passed away was lying there. No matter how much Sicily and I tried, there was nothing we could do if they were already dead. Still, we worked hard to provide treatment, and we managed to save those who were still alive. Everyone was happy about it, but I couldn't get the face of the person who had passed away out of my head. As I shared this, Mark had an indescribable expression on his face.

"It's not your fault, Wolforde-kun," Mark said, and I understand that, but I just couldn't shake off this feeling. Because of the atmosphere I unintentionally created, the air in the office felt heavy.

"Ah, I'm sorry. I feel like I'm bringing down the mood. I've finished today's requests, so I'm going home. See you tomorrow."

"Oh, okay."

Thinking that staying in the office would only make the atmosphere worse, and having completed today's requests, I decided to head home promptly. Even though I say "home," I use a gate to get there, so it's zero minutes on foot. Once I pass through the gate, I'm in my own living room.

"Oh, Shin-kun, welcome back."

In the living room were Sicily and her bodyguard Natasha, as well as Miranda and Silver. It seems the three of them were playing with Silver.

"I'm back."

As I said that, Silver dropped the toy he was playing with and leaped into my arms.

"Papa! Papa!"

"Ah, I'm back, Silver."

As I held Silver in my arms, he smiled happily and hugged me. It was a very endearing gesture, and it made me happy, but at the same time, I felt a sense of guilt creeping up.

"Papa?"

"Shin-kun?"

It seemed that my expression had given it away, and Silver and Sicily noticed.

"What's wrong? Is something the matter?"

Sicily looked up at me with concern, and I sat down while holding Silver in my arms.

"Well, actually..."

I told Sicily what had happened today. She seemed surprised that there had been a fatality in the accident, but she quickly clasped her hands together in prayer. Natasha was also doing the same, so it was probably a prayer for the deceased.

"The person had a family, a wife, and... a small child."

As I said this, I gently stroked Silver's head as he sat on my lap, behaving quietly.

"That's so...," Sicily looked at me and Silver with teary eyes upon learning that the deceased had a family.

"If only I had arrived sooner... If only I had been able to distribute protective magical tools, that person could have gone home today and held their child like this..."

Today as well, I was greeted by Sicily and Silver. Silver, too, got to meet his father. But... from now on, that person's wife won't be able to see her husband anymore. The child won't get to see their father either. And yet, I, who couldn't make it in time, was enjoying a family gathering today. I couldn't help but feel sorry.

And it wasn't just that. If I had been able to distribute magical tools like I did for Sicily and Ellie, would tragedies like this one have been avoided? Such thoughts were swirling in my mind, and it was making me feel depressed.

However, Natasha raised her hand at that moment.

"May I speak, Shin-sama?"

"Huh? Uh, sure."

With a little cough, Natasha began to speak.

"Shin-sama, your thoughts on this matter are, I'm afraid, quite arrogant for one who is not a god."

"Arrogant?"

"Yes. We are not gods. We do not have the right to interfere in matters of life and death."

"The right to life and death..."

"Yes. Human lifespans are not equal. There are extremely wicked people who live out their natural lives, and there are even kind-hearted individuals who suddenly die in accidents like this. Some people get caught up in unfortunate events. There are countless cases of people passing away due to illnesses."

Natasha said this and looked at me intently.

"We humans have healing magic. However, even with that, we cannot save everyone."

With a somewhat sad expression, Natasha continued.

"I am a combat shrine maiden primarily tasked with subduing monsters. I may not be as skilled as the dedicated healing shrine maidens, but I can use healing magic. Once, a soldier who fought alongside me got injured, and I treated him with my healing magic. He was very grateful to me. And then..."

She lowered her eyes sadly.

"The next day... he died from a brain hemorrhage."

At this confession, both I and Sicily, as well as Miranda, who was listening with us, were taken aback.

"Do you understand? No matter how much we heal, people will still pass away. What we're doing with our healing magic is nothing more than clinging to the mercy of the gods. Don't you think it's quite arrogant for us humans to contemplate matters of life and death?"

No matter how we struggle, people will still pass away... that might indeed be true. The person I treated today might, perhaps, pass away tomorrow due to different circumstances. Natasha is probably telling me not to fret about the ones we couldn't save. Sicily and the healing mages at the infirmary have likely faced countless instances of feeling powerless. Nevertheless, they can't stop providing healing.

I can't fathom the inner conflicts they go through.

"Yes... you're right, as Natasha-san says."

When I said that, Natasha-san looked relieved.

"We couldn't have done anything for the ones we couldn't save. However, we were able to help those right in front of us, correct? That is a wonderful thing."

Saying this, Natasha-san smiled with great compassion.

"Yes... thank you very much. Thanks to you, I feel much better."

"Hehe. Even Shin-sama has his worries, I see. These concerns are something all novice healing mages go through."

When Natasha-san said that, Sicily also nodded vigorously.

"I've thought the same thing before. How I wished I could use healing magic like Shin-kun... But every time, the healing shrine maidens at the infirmary would tell me. Being human, there's a limit to what you can do. You should do your best with all your might with the skills you have. Saving everyone is something only a god can do... that's what they told me."

I see. But Sicily didn't accept that. That's why she asked me to train her in healing magic, even if it was tough. But... it's true. I'm not a god. I can't control people's lives. So, I should be happy that I saved a life today.

Nevertheless...

"Natasha-san, you're amazing. You're like a priest."

"I'm undeniably a shrine maiden and a clergy member of the Creation God Faith! Even as a combat shrine maiden, I've properly studied the scriptures, and I'm a bishop, so I can preach too, you know!?"

Oh, right, I had forgotten.

"I'm sorry. It's just that seeing the usual Natasha-san, I..."

"Just what do you mean by 'just'?!"

It's not a bumbling shrine maiden...

Natasha-san, who had given a splendid sermon, looked downhearted, but what she said made perfect sense. Indeed, thinking that I could save everyone was arrogant.

Moreover, the magical tools I gave to Sicily and the others...

Those tools used artificial magic stones that I had created. I believe that with the upcoming trade with Quanlong, magic stones will become more widely available, but distributing magical tools that use them now would only lead to confusion. It would be counterproductive if fights broke out over self-defense magical tools.

"Besides, only you can provide that enchantment."

I don't know when she had been listening, but Granny's voice came from behind me.

In the future, with more magic stones in circulation, there may be more protective magical tools. But the enchantments on the pendants that Sicily and the others wear can only be provided by you. Or are you going to provide enchantments day in and day out, from morning to night?"

"Sorry. I guess that's impossible."

In the end, it seems I can only save what's within my reach.

Even so, if I can save Sicily, Olivia, and Ellie, maybe that's good enough.

That's what I thought.