

On our way for a walk, we encountered Maria and caught a glimpse of Natasha's inner darkness. Finally, we reached our destination, the park.

"Ah, we finally made it."

"Look, Silver, your moms are here, so go play with your friends."

"Okay!"

Prompted by Sicily, Silver energetically replied and ran towards where his friends were.

"Oh, Sicily, should I stay with Silver just in case?"

"Hmm, well, could you please? You don't have to mingle with them; just watch with the other mothers nearby."

"Alright."

Miranda said that and followed Silver.

Silver could be seen greeting the mothers who were watching over the children playing with Silver's new friends.

Silver is quite well-known as our child in this park, so I doubt there will be any misunderstandings. Still, Miranda seems a bit flustered.

I wonder why?

"Hehe, I'm sure they're asking her about her child's plans."

"Is that so?"

"Yes, probably. Look, Miranda's face is red."

Hmm, can I see it from this distance?

Sicily and Miranda have been together for three years now. She must understand Miranda's state through her gestures and actions.

"I also want to stay by Silver-sama's side, but... I still don't have the courage to be alone with those mothers."

Inadvertently, we found out that Natasha, like Miranda, doesn't have a boyfriend. She probably doesn't handle inquiries from other ladies well, I predicted.

Well, both Miranda and Natasha are in the attractive category, and they'll probably have good encounters eventually. Yuri initially didn't have a boyfriend, but now she does, and Maria, who was thought to be the leader in this area, seems to be welcoming spring.

... Well, if Maria doesn't miss her chance, that is.

Lyn, as always, seems to have no interest in romance. Whenever she has free time, she goes to the Magic Academy and hangs out with the magic geeks.

I feel like Lyn will always be like that.

As for Alice, I'm not sure.

I was with Maria, and she was making a fuss about wanting a boyfriend but not being able to find one. However, considering Alice's recent attitude, I have some suspicions.

But I'm not really sure if that's the case.

It might just be mere curiosity.

However, it makes me realize once again:

"...Our relationships have changed quite a lot."

"Yes? What's wrong, Shin-kun?"

Oh, I inadvertently voiced my thoughts.

"Well, you see, at first, it was just us. We started a research club at the academy, doing magic research together."

"That's true."

"But now, Shishiry and I are married, we have adopted children, and we're expecting our own child soon."

"Hehe. Olivia-san and Ellie-san will become mothers soon too."

"And Thor and Julius got married, right? I haven't heard about them having children yet, but I think we'll hear that news soon."

"Tony-san and Yuri-san said it's still a little way off."

"That's right. But this way, we started as classmates, became couples, and eventually became parents. It's changed quite a bit, considering we were students not too long ago."

While watching Silver playing with children around the same age and noticing that they were mischievous more than expected, I said this, and Sicily gently held my hand.

"It's a wonderful thing. Everyone grows up, starts their own families, and these connections expand. I'm sure our parents, your grandparents, have done the same."

"...So, nobody starts as parents from the beginning?"

"That's right. We must become parents that Silver and these children can be proud of. Right, Papa?"

Sicily said while rubbing her belly, smiling warmly.

"Right, Mama."

We gazed at each other and exchanged smiles.

"Wow... Saint-sama and Angel-sama, it's amazing!"

Then, for some reason, Natasha, who was standing behind us, started crying.

"Why are you crying?"

I asked, somewhat surprised while looking at Natasha sobbing.

"Because the relationship between Saint-sama and Angel-sama right now is just too wonderful! There's no way a person can watch this and not shed tears!"

"No... There are probably many who can't."

"Hahaha..."

Why is she crying when she looks at us? I don't understand the meaning of it.

Well, Natasha seems to somewhat revere Sicily and me.

She seems to be moved by anything she sees.

Feeling somewhat dampened by this, Sicily and I exchanged wry smiles and focused on watching Silver and the others.

But...

"Hey, where's Silver?"

"Come to think of it... he's not here."

We noticed that Silver wasn't among the children, and a sense of unease ran down our spines.

"What about Miranda!?"

Thinking that, I looked towards where the mothers were and saw Miranda being bombarded with questions from the other mothers.

Oh no!

We're not watching Silver!

Did he perhaps wander off when we briefly took our eyes off him?

The park we're in now has a vast area with not only playground equipment but also open grass areas. If he wanders off, he could easily get lost.

"We need to find him!"

Seeing Sicily rushing to get up from the bench, I held her back.

"Stay here, Sicily! I'll go look for him!"

"No! Shin-kun, I should... Huh?"

"Huh? What?"

Sicily tilted her head as she was about to go look for Silver.

Following her gaze, I saw...

"Silver!"

There, I saw Silver walking towards us, step by step.

Thank goodness! He wasn't lost!

Relieved at the sight of Silver, I quickly ran to him.

"Where were you, Silver?"

I had told him not to go to places where we couldn't see him.

I thought I needed to scold him, but Silver walked straight up to me and tightly held my hand.

"Papa! Awwicy!"

"Huh? Ant? Mama?"

"No, Mama!"

"Huh? Oh, I see. Yes, what is it, Silver?"

Silver was holding my hand and trying to convey something, but I couldn't quite understand what he wanted to say.

As I tilted my head, Silver seemed impatient and called out to Sicily this time.

Upon being called, Sicily stood up from the bench and made her way over to us.

"Ant! Over there!"

"Ant? Hmm!"

Frustrated that we still didn't understand, Silver began stomping his feet loudly.

Huh? What's going on?

"Over there!"

Clearly exasperated with our inability to grasp what he meant, Silver took our hands and started pulling us, walking ahead.

"What's wrong? Did something happen?"

"Silver?"

We asked what was going on, but he didn't respond. Why isn't he answering us?

Is this the rebellious phase...?

I was despairing at that thought, but Natasha, who had accompanied us, remained calm.

"Perhaps, he thought that words wouldn't convey the message, so showing us is faster, don't you think?"

Oh, yeah!

I already knew that, right?

In any case, Silver seemed to want to show us something, so we obediently let him lead us.

And where he led us to...

"Meow, meow! Why did you bring us here, Silver? I told you to be quiet!"

"Hmm?"

A voice that sounded very familiar reached my ears.

"Papa, mama, Ant."

As Silver said that and pointed, there was Alice.

"Ant," he meant Alice. She wanted to say "Alice."

Alice was sitting on a picnic blanket on the grass, with a bento spread out on it. And on the picnic blanket, there was another person.

That person was...

"Oh, big brother!?"

"Hey, Sicily. What a coincidence."

It was Sicily's real brother, Royce.

Huh!?

Really!?

Let's go back in time for a moment.

As usual, Silver was playing with everyone, tossing a ball around. He always followed his parents' instructions, making sure to play where they could see him.

Although other children's parents were nearby, the only ones Silver trusted were Shin and Sicily's parents. He made sure to follow their instructions without fail, knowing he had to obey them.

However, there are always irregular occurrences.

One of Silver's friends threw a ball that went beyond Silver's head.

"Sorry!"

"It's okay!"

Silver reassured his friend and went after the ball.

At that moment, Silver's focus was solely on the ball, and he didn't realize that he had lost sight of his parents. Since the ball had rolled away, there was no other choice.

Eventually, Silver caught up to the ball and tried to return to his original spot, but he saw a scene that caught his attention.

It was someone he knew, eating.

Come to think of it, Silver hadn't had lunch yet. He was going to have lunch when they got back from the park.

Seeing someone he recognized eating, Silver was drawn towards them and walked over.

He finally reached that person.

"Alice!"

"Huh? Wow! Silver!?"

"Huh? That's right, hello, Silver."

"Oh-tan! Hi!"

The people there were Alice, a friend of Silver's parents who sometimes played with him, and Uncle Royce, who was Sicily's brother and Silver's mother's brother.

"Oh-tan, Alice, are you having lunch?"

"Huh? Yeah, that's right. Is Silver here to play?"

"Yeah, with Papa and Mama!"

"You have both of them with you... That's only natural."

Alice commented, looking up at the sky.

There was no way around it; Silver had to be sent back.

However, Silver's gaze was fixated on the meal that Alice and Uncle Royce were eating - their bento.

As Alice was contemplating what to do, Uncle Royce, while stroking Silver's head, said, "Silver, what's for lunch?"

"Huh? I don't know."

"Does Mama make lunch for you?"

"Um, Koeyu or Mama."

"Koeyu?"

Uncle Royce didn't understand what Silver was saying, so he tilted his head. However, Alice, who had a clue, added, "I think he means Mr. Colell, the Wolferd family's chef."

"Oh, I see. Silver, can you have lunch here and then have lunch at home too?"

"I can!"

"Really?"

"I'll eat a lot!"

"I see. But you know, what if you can't finish it all?"

"Huh?"

"If Mama made this meal just for you, and you end up leaving it, Mama might feel sad, don't you think?"

"...Mama, sad?"

"Yeah, she might even cry."

When Royce said this, Silver made a somewhat sad face, and then he said to Royce, "I'll eat!"

"That's right. Good job, Silver."

"Hehe."

Having successfully diverted his attention from the bento, Royce praised Silver while stroking his head. Silver, pleased with the praise, smiled.

"Now, because Mama and Papa are probably worried, it's time to go back."

"Oh! Papa, Mama, can't see them!"

Realizing he had broken their instructions, Silver hastily grabbed the ball and tried to return to his original spot.

"Alice! Oh-tan! Bye-bye!"

As Silver said this and dashed away, Alice called out to his back, "Oh, Silver! Be quiet for Mama and Papa!"

"Yes!"

Even as he ran, Silver responded clearly, and Alice breathed a sigh of relief.

If Mama and Papa saw him like this, they'd definitely be upset.

Silver was a smart boy, so he'd surely be fine.

She had let her guard down.

What Alice had forgotten was that, no matter how clever and well-behaved Silver was, he was still just a two-year-old.

Meanwhile, Silver had returned to everyone, walking back towards them.

"You're late!"

"What were you doing?"

"Sorry."

Saying this, Silver threw the ball from where he had let go of it and walked to rejoin the others.

As he walked back, he noticed his father heading in his direction.

Silver thought quickly. "I went where Mama and Papa couldn't see me, so they'll be mad!"

With that thought in mind, Silver decided to seek Alice's help in explaining. At that moment, he had completely forgotten about Alice's earlier plea to keep it a secret.

Thinking that Alice, who was Mama and Papa's friend, would surely understand and help him, Silver tried his best to convey his message, but it wasn't getting through.

Unable to help it, Silver took his parents' hands and headed towards Alice and the others.

Alice could never have dreamed that Silver would disregard her request and bring Shin and Sicily with him. She let out a strange shout.