orm names
for a non-alcoholic cocktail with Coke and pomegranate syrup

When Sicily, Olivia, and Ellie each gave birth, the Kingdom of Earlsheid was once again enveloped in a mood of celebration.

The princess born to Queen Ellie was named Octavia and affectionately called "Viachan" by her companions.

Dee, the uncle, lovingly held Viachan, his first grandchild, and said, "Even though princesses like her are often respected, they're rarely adored."

According to Og, when he was young, hardly anyone approached him other than his parents. Well, maybe that's typical for royals. We've grown so close to Og that we tend to treat him more like a friend's child.

But that's just us; the other nobles are different. When she was presented a few months after birth, all the adults knelt and bowed their heads, as Cecil, our visiting father-in-law, explained while holding Charle.

"When I hear things like that, I remember that Og is a royal."

"No... ordinarily, there's no one who forgets that His Highness August is of royal blood, but he himself occasionally forgets."

"Your Highness..."

Cecil sighed as he said that. Maybe Charle found his reaction funny, as she giggled and playfully tapped Cecil's face.

Sicily and her mother-in-law, Irene, watched with amused smiles.

"Grandma, Grandpa, what's wrong?"

Silver, held on Irene's lap, couldn't understand why her grandfather, Cecil, was hanging his head.

So she raised her head and asked Irene. But her words were noticeably more steady compared to before. It's quite an advancement considering that she used to call them 'Grandpa' and 'Grandma' not too long ago.

With the birth of Charle and the other siblings and the realization of being an older brother, their growth was evident.

Irene, when questioned, smiled and petted Silver's head while looking up at herself and spoke.

"When it was Silver's time, I was all tense because of the sense of duty and the first-time parenting. Besides, I had to attend school as a student, and I almost collapsed because of it."

"Now, I have a job, and I've decided to rely on where I can."

"But when you think about it, Mark's situation must be tough."

"Even though we're commoners, my grandparents have great influence, so the royal family sends us maids and butlers. But Mark and Olivia have a purely commoner household. They have parents, but no maids or butlers. It must be quite challenging," I thought, and then, suddenly, the gate opened.

Wondering who it might be, I saw Mark and Olivia emerging from inside. Olivia was holding two children in her arms.

"Thank you, Sir Wolforde."

"Excuse us."

"Oh, welcome. Max, come on in."

Max is the name of Mark and Olivia's child. As I greeted Max, who was being held in Olivia's arms, he looked at me with wide eyes.

"Oh, Mr. Sicily's parents are here too?"

"Sorry, were we intruding?"

After greeting me, Mark and Olivia noticed Cecil and Irene and asked with apologetic expressions. It was Cecil and Irene who answered, not me.

"No, not at all. Another baby has been added, I see. How delightful. Come on in without hesitation."

They said that and invited Olivia to sit on the sofa.

"Excuse me."

Olivia was seated between Cecil and Irene. Silver was the first to react to this.

"Max! Hello!"

Silver, who had come down from Cecil's lap, sat down again between Cecil and Olivia.

"Hello, Silver-kun. Will you play with Max today too?"

"Yes!"

Silver, entrusted with Max's care by Olivia, replied enthusiastically. As Silver reached out to Max's head right away, Max accepted Silver's hand with a big smile.

... When it was my turn, I was the one who looked puzzled... Seeing the difference in Max's attitude, I was a bit baffled, and then, "Ah," it seemed that Charle's mood had taken a suspicious turn.

Watching this, Irene chuckled and said to Silver, "Oh my, it seems like Charle wants to play more with his big brother."

"Huh?"

Silver, in response to Irene's words, turned to look at Charle, who was reaching out his hand towards him.

"Char, I'm sorry."

Silver said, and he held Charle's outstretched hand while gently patting his head. This, however, made Max upset.

"Wawa!"

Startled, Silver quickly turned to Max and used the hand he had been holding Charle's with to pat Max's head. Silver was earnestly soothing both of them, and we couldn't help but burst into laughter.

"Hehe, Silver-kun, you're a good big brother."

Olivia watched Silver, who was earnestly soothing his own child, with a smile. Her expression showed that she had already become a wonderful mother.

"By the way, we were just talking about you two earlier."

Recalling the conversation we had before Mark and Olivia arrived, I mentioned it, and Mark and Olivia tilted their heads in confusion.

"About us?"

"Yeah. This time, we decided to rely on the staff to take care of Charle to some extent. But we thought it must be tough for you guys because you don't have such help."

As I said this, both of them had wry smiles on their faces.

"It's definitely tough."

"We can understand your struggles now. I really respect that you managed to raise Silver-kun while attending the academy."

Despite their brave faces now, the exhaustion they couldn't hide was evident. Currently, they are staying at Mark's parents' house, so they might receive some assistance there, but they can't rely entirely on them. Especially for Olivia, even though she's known her childhood friend and has become a part of a different family, asking for help must still be challenging.

"I thought so. Max is being looked after by us, so why don't you two take a short nap?"

When I suggested that, Mark and Olivia exchanged glances.

"Can we really ask for that?"

"Sure, you can use the guest room. It's fine."

"We appreciate it."

"Thank you."

"It's no problem. We'll come to wake you up after some time."

When I said that, Olivia took a baby bed out of the extradimensional storage and laid Max down there.

"Well then, thank you."

"Yeah, take your time."

The two of them looked relieved and headed upstairs.

As I watched their retreating figures, Cecil stood up.

"Shall we let Charle sleep with Max?"

Cecil said that and placed Charle next to Max in the baby bed. The two of them, lying together in the same baby bed, seemed to be in a good mood.

"Oh dear, the two of them are so close," Sicily's face was about to melt at the adorable sight.

Silver, too, peered into the baby bed and observed the two children. As such a pleasant time passed, the gate to the living room opened once again, and at that instant, the cry of a baby reached our ears.

"Silver! Please help!"

Saying this, Ellie emerged from the gate. She was holding Viachan in her arms, and Viachan was crying vigorously.

"Aunt Ellie, what happened to Via-chan?"

Silver tilted his head and asked. Not long ago, he used to call her "big sister," but as soon as the baby was born, he started calling her "aunt." Ellie, who was used to being called "big sister" until recently, made a slightly exasperated face but managed to compose herself and knelt down to meet Silver's gaze.

"Viachan wanted to see Silver. Please comfort her."

Ellie said that and showed Viachan to Silver. When Silver, who was looking at the crying Viachan, patted her head, the baby immediately stopped crying and beamed at Silver.

"Hah... she didn't stop crying no matter what I did, but with Silver, it stopped in an instant... I'm losing confidence as a mother."

Ellie muttered a bit sulkily, and both Sicily and I burst into laughter.

"It's not a laughing matter! My dignity as a mother... Oh, Claude and his wife, you've come."

Ellie noticed our presence and greeted us.

Ellie noticed Cecil, who was bowing, and Irene, who was curtseying, and spoke.

"Greetings, Your Royal Highness, and Your Highness."

Cecil said with a bow.

"Both of you, don't be so formal. This is not a public place."

The fact that Ellie had arrived also meant that August was with her. Upon seeing the sudden appearance of the Crown Prince's family, Cecil and Irene hurriedly performed a bow of subjects.

"However..."

"Only the two of you are behaving like this in this setting? Silver even calls us 'Uncle' and 'Aunt.' It's strange that you're so formal in such a context. Please relax."

"Very well..."

"Then, please excuse us."

Despite the somewhat strange logic, they must have thought it impolite to persist further, so both of them sat down on the sofa, looking bewildered.

"By the way, it seems like Via likes Silver."

Watching Via-chan, who was being petted by Silver and smiling happily, August mumbled.

"It looks like Charle and Max do too. It's evidence that he's a good big brother."

"Hmm? Max is here too. What about the Bean couple?"

"They're taking a nap upstairs. They don't have any servants to help with the care of their children."

"I see. We usually entrust Via's care to the nurses and servants, so when I hear stories like this, I realize how much we appreciate them."

"But today, they're taking care of their children themselves."

"On weekends, at least. Probably, in the future, Via and Charlotte will become friends. If they hear that their parents' reactions are different, it would be quite pitiable, wouldn't it?"

Oh, August saying something like that was unexpected.

"Surprisingly, you're a doting parent."

"Huh? It's only natural for a parent, isn't it? By the way, Shin."

"What?"

Suddenly, August looked at me with a serious expression.

"How has Silver been lately?"

"What do you mean?"

Not understanding what August was getting at, I asked for clarification, and August approached me with a solemn expression.

"I've been watching Silver for a long time, so I know there haven't been any problems so far. But recently, Silver has become more assertive, right? Has there been any change in his behavior that corresponds to this?"

Upon hearing those words, I understood what August was getting at, and I glared at him angrily.

However, August's expression remained serious.

August is discreetly monitoring Silver, a child born to two demons named Strom and Millia. As the crown prince of this country, he cannot tolerate any potential threats.

I recalled that August had told me this when we decided to adopt Silver. Until now, they had observed him calmly, considering him merely a young child with little self-awareness. However, Silver's self-awareness has developed rapidly as he took on the role of the older brother to three babies, potentially bringing to the surface any risks that were previously dormant.

Remembering that, I suppressed my anger and stared back at August.

"There's nothing to worry about. In fact, he's growing up to be a better child than those of his age. There's no risk as you're thinking."

"Can you assert that?"

"I can."

When I said that, August wore a serious expression and fell into deep thought. The people around us silently watched the crown prince who was deep in thought. No one dared to interrupt him.

"Hey, what are you trying to say?"

I called out to August to break the tension in the room. He raised his head from his contemplation and said something unexpected.

"Well... I've been thinking about whether it's better to marry Silver or have Via as a bride."

The moment I heard those words, the atmosphere in the living room froze.

"What? What are you talking about?"

I was so taken aback by the suddenness of it all that I couldn't comprehend it, and someone else started questioning him.

"Your Highness, are you saying you want to incorporate us into the royal family?"

Today, our intention was for the Claude family to interact with Charle for Shal's sake, and my grandmother, who had been watching us from a distance, joined the conversation.

"No, that's not my intention, but..."

"In that case, what do you mean?"

When Grandma continued to press the hesitant August, he began speaking hesitantly.

"I feel like Via is more attached to Silver than she is to me or her mother, Ellie. If she continues to grow like this, there's a high chance that Via will develop feelings for Silver."

"Well, it's true that such a possibility isn't out of the question."

Upon hearing August's words, Grandma observed Silver, who was earnestly caring for Shal and Max, both sleeping in their baby beds, while Via was placed alongside him.

Via appeared much happier as she looked at Silver, quite different from her initial reaction when she arrived.

Beside them, Ellie wore a complex expression as she watched this scene.

"If Via grows up and expresses a desire to be in a relationship with or marry Silver, I want to fulfill that wish. So I've been thinking, should he become a part of the royal family as her husband, or should Via marry into the Walford family? I wanted to consider it from now on."

She's thinking about this when her daughter was just born? I see, so that's the context for the previous question.

"You wanted to confirm if Silver is suitable to be Via's spouse, given that she's a princess."

"Yes. In terms of lineage, Silver is the son of the Demon King and the Holy Maiden. There's no issue there. The issue lies in his origin."

"I see. So you don't intend to marry your daughter, Via, off and place Silver under surveillance, is that correct?"

When I asked that, August shifted his gaze slightly.

"...Don't you think it's a two-birds-one-stone situation?"

I sighed deeply at August's statement.

"Ugh... you did have that intention, after all."

As I said that, August countered with a serious expression.

The intention to grant Via's wishes has always been there. It's just that there's another aspect to it.

"Via is still a baby!"

"Don't you think anything when you see her like that? She's more attached to Silver than to me and her mother, Ellie. If, in the future, she doesn't develop feelings for Silver, that would be more surprising!"

August's face was stern, and he didn't seem to be joking.

"Ugh, is that really okay for you as a father?"

Ever since Shal was born, I've been hopelessly attached to him. I don't even want to think about him having a boyfriend in the future. Yet, August is already thinking about the possibility of marrying Via off or having Silver marry her.

August chuckled as he responded, "Well, I am a member of the royal family. Getting married is sort of like an obligation, regardless of whether my child is a boy or a girl. I had already made up my mind from the start."

I see, that's what you meant by saying something so wise at your age.

"In any case, worrying about it now won't help, right? We can cross that bridge when we come to it, and offer our advice when the time comes, don't you think?"

When Grandma said this, August hesitated for a moment and then chuckled softly.

"You're right. Maybe I got ahead of myself a bit."

"You really are a doting parent."

"Enough of that."

They had this conversation while observing the children. Silver was busy looking after the three babies.

Even though Silver had only two hands, the babies couldn't help but express their discontent when they weren't being attended to. In a hurry, Silver would soothe them, and once his hands left one baby, they wouldn't fuss.

As we watched this heartwarming scene with laughter, the babies gradually fell asleep, and Silver could finally take a break.

"Being a big brother is tough."

While showing slight signs of fatigue, Silver muttered this, and we couldn't help but laugh, feeling bad for him.

Silver was somewhat confused, and in response, Sicily held him, patting his head.

"Thank you, Silver. You did great. You're such a good big brother."

Silver, upon hearing this, transformed from his bewildered look into a wide smile and nodded vigorously.

"Yeah! Because I'm the big brother!"

Even while being held by Sicily, he happily spoke these words. August, Ellie, and Grandma also smiled fondly at the sight.

It's a lovely sight. Thinking that, Ellie mumbled softly.

"Maybe having Silver as a son-in-law..."

That's what you meant by being hasty!nd a dish
to bring to a potluck