

"New members, is it?"

I shared with the other members in the office what I had discussed with Oug on the holiday, after the completion of the Ultimate Magicians' tasks.

Since we were in the office, the office staff were also present.

"Certainly, it would be a waste to let such a valuable international organization we've created end with just our generation."

"That's the idea. So, from now on, we need to create a system and conduct tests to welcome new members. I hope you'll all cooperate as well."

"Understood."

The office staff agreed with Oug's words.

Among them, Katariina raised her hand.

"What's up, Arenas?"

"May I ask a question?"

"Sure, go ahead. If anyone else has questions, feel free to ask."

"Thank you. Regarding the recruitment of new members, what criteria will we use?"

"We want to train them ourselves as much as possible. We plan to target those who are graduating from magic academies in various countries."

When Oug said that, Katariina looked troubled.

"What's the matter?"

"Oh, no. So, you mean you're targeting those who are scheduled to graduate next year?"

"Yes."

"What about those who graduated recently?"

"There are no plans for that."

The new academic year has just begun.

The most recent graduates are those who graduated just a few days ago.

When Oug said that they are not eligible because they have already determined their career paths, Katariina's expression became even more troubled.

"Hey..."

"Well, that might cause some resistance."

As Oug was about to question Katariina, Ian said so.

"Why would there be resistance?"

When I said that, Henri looked at me with an incredulous expression.

"Why? Don't you realize, Shin-sama? When it comes to the Ultimate Magicians, they are the pinnacle of wizards. Heroes who saved the world. They might have a chance to become a part of that, and yet, they would miss that opportunity just because they were born a year earlier? Enormous resistance is bound to arise!"

Henri delivered a passionate speech.

Well... I have some idea of how we are perceived by the public, at least.

"But, how should I put it, there seems to be a gap between our perception and the public's perception..."

"It's like they've idealized it too much, and honestly, I can't keep up with it."

"I agree. Even when I was chosen as a clerk, I received a lot of comments. But now, even though I'm in the lower organization, I might become a member in the future..."

Alma spoke, drawing from her experience when she was selected as a clerk.

"I'd prefer not to target personnel who have belonged to various countries' organizations... But if resistance arises, there's no choice. We'll extend the recruitment to include those who graduated recently and last year when the Ultimate Magicians were established."

In the end, they decided to conduct entrance exams for those scheduled to graduate this year, those who graduated recently, and those who graduated last year. Starting next year, only new graduates would be eligible. For those who graduated recently and last year, some were already affiliated with various national wizard organizations, so they decided to request assistance through Mr. Dis.

If they passed the exam and joined the Ultimate Magicians, they would have to quit their current affiliations. If they didn't inform the organizations, it could lead to lingering animosity since they'd be seen as poaching talent.

Well, taking the exam itself is optional, so there's no need to quit one's current affiliation just to apply.

"So, what about the details of the exam and the criteria for passing?"

After the discussion had progressed to some extent, Maria asked about the exam.

"Let me think... I haven't decided on the content of the exam yet, but at the very least, they should be capable of using Gate Magic. We'll have to assess that."

When Oug said that, Maria's eyes widened.

"Eh!? Are you going to teach Gate Magic!?"

"Yeah, but is there a problem?"

"Well, not a problem, but... Didn't you say you'd restrict those who can use it because Gate Magic can be easily used for crimes?"

"We've already resolved that issue. If someone were to use Gate Magic for illicit purposes, it would become apparent immediately."

"Huh? Oh, that magical marking identification device..."

Upon Oug's mention, Maria seemed to recall the magical marking identification device. Well, that is mainly used in criminal investigations, and the security force primarily uses it.

It's not a big deal if Maria forgets about something she rarely uses.

"Also, the most important thing is the person's character."

"Character?"

Maria seemed to question the notion that the most important factor wasn't their abilities but their character.

"Yeah, the most desirable trait is being excellent and humble."

"Is that all?"

Maria's doubts grew with Oug's response.

Well, I also think that's the most important.

"No matter how talented someone is, if they become arrogant and fall into the trap of their own power, it could damage the reputation of the Ultimate Magicians."

To Maria's questions, Thor answered, but her doubts didn't seem to be completely dispelled.

"Well, I understand that, but isn't there more to consider? Like not having a tendency to commit crimes or something?"

In response to her words, Oug chuckled.

"If we could determine that, we wouldn't have any problems. Besides, even the most upright individuals can be tempted to commit a crime with just a little temptation. What's essential is instilling awareness to prevent that and, if problems arise, not covering them up and applying strict penalties."

"...Is it inevitable for problems to occur?"

"With the current members, we all know each other well, and there's trust that such things won't happen. But as the organization grows, such issues are bound to arise. There's no such thing as an organization without problems."

Oug stated firmly.

"So, does that mean that eventually, the reputation of the Ultimate Magicians will be tarnished?"

"To prevent that, we'll impose strict penalties."

"In that case... But, hmm..."

Maria seemed to be still deliberating, not completely convinced.

"Your Highness, more importantly, what about the admission criteria?"

While Maria was pondering, Katariina, who would likely be responsible for organizing the entrance exams, asked.

So, I conveyed the criteria we discussed the other day, and the office staff were wide-eyed.

"Oh, is the princess really that powerful?"

"Yeah... unfortunately, it's true."

Oug gave me a stern look, but it's just because Mei-chan had talent. It's not my fault.

"It seems that they have talent in magic. In addition, they have received guidance from Shin, Lord Merlin, and Lady Merida since their time in elementary school. The result is what we call the second Shin's birth."

Oug said so and let out a deep sigh.

Lately, we've been worried because there are no suitors for our daughter.

Well, even though she's become powerful in terms of magic, her appearance has grown so cute that you can't even imagine it.

I don't think there's anything to worry about.

"So, when will the exams be held?"

Katarina, who has been taking on the role of organizing the administrative side over the past year, asked. There would be various administrative procedures to handle.

"That's right. Let's start by recruiting only last year's and this year's graduates. We can hold the exams for those scheduled to graduate next year early in the new year."

Since those who have already graduated may be affiliated with other organizations, it's better to hold the exams as soon as possible.

Afterward, they decided to adjourn for the day and would determine the exam venue and schedule in detail on another day.

Now, I wonder how many applicants we'll get?

What if we don't get any...

I suddenly feel anxious. nostalgia
to a kindergartener