

"Oh, it's been a while, Mei-chan."

"Mei-chan!"

Mei-chan, who had been busy with her studies at the middle school, hadn't visited us much lately, but she came over with Og just now.

Silver, who hadn't seen Mei-chan in a while, got excited and jumped at her.

"Wow, Silver-chan! You've gotten bigger!"

"Hehe."

Mei-chan, who had caught Silver as he jumped at her, held him and nuzzled his cheek.

Silver seemed delighted to be accepted by his rarely seen older sister.

"Welcome, Princess Mei."

Sicily, still holding Sharl, greeted her while sitting on the sofa.

Mei-chan spotted Sharl in Sicily's arms and her eyes lit up.

"Sharl-chan! Hello! It's your big sister Mei!"

"Huh?"

Sharl was taken aback by the sudden appearance of an unfamiliar older sister.

Well, Mei-chan had come to see her when she was just born, but Sharl obviously wouldn't remember that. In fact, she probably didn't remember meeting her just now either, being a baby and all.

In any case, for Sharl, this was the first time she had seen this person.

She wasn't usually shy around people, but she must have been surprised to see someone for the first time.

"Haha, you're so cute."

Mei-chan said as she gently pinched Sharl's cheek.

"Eek, Kyaa!"

Sharl seemed happy to receive attention, laughing and playing along.

She no longer seemed bewildered.

"Hehe, you're adorable..."

Mei-chan held Silver and played with Sharl.

Mei-chan, who was now a third-year student in middle school and soon to turn fifteen, had gone through her second puberty, growing taller and developing a more feminine body.

But, her personality hadn't changed much.

Despite being a beautiful girl, her lax expressions often got in the way.

Looking at her with a disappointed expression, Mei-chan suddenly received a chop on her head.

"Ngyaa!"

"What on earth did you come here for?"

Og, somewhat exasperated, said to Mei-chan, who was holding her head and teary-eyed.

I still haven't taught Mei-chan the Gate magic, so the fact that the Gate has opened means that Og has come along.

Come to think of it, he said something about having something to discuss when he came out of the Gate.

"Huh! That's right! Shin Onii-chan!!"

Mei-chan put Silver down and looked straight at me.

"What is it?"

"I also want to join the Ultimate Magicians!!"

...

"Hmm?"

"Hmm? No, that's not right! It's unfair! I heard that the Ultimate Magicians are recruiting new members, but they haven't approached me!"

"Well, Mei-chan, have you seen the recruitment criteria?"

"Recruitment criteria?"

"The criteria for who they're looking for."

"I haven't seen it."

As I suspected, Mei-chan had rushed over just upon hearing that we were recruiting new members.

"You see, this time we're only accepting graduates from various national advanced magic academies who graduated last year, this year, and those scheduled to graduate next year."

"What?! Why? It's not like they have to be young!"

"It's not allowed."

Og decisively cut off Mei-chan's argument.

"Why is it not allowed?"

"If we were only accepting based on strength, it wouldn't be a problem for you or anyone else."

"Then can I at least take the test?"

"The Ultimate Magicians are not a military force."

Mei-chan's face showed surprise at Og's words.

"If we were sending someone to the battlefield, it wouldn't matter how young they are. However, the Ultimate Magicians are not a military force. We are an organization that responds to the requests of the people and the nation. We handle difficult cases that can't be solved by the country's magicians, or problems in distant regions that can't be reached quickly. Therefore, we need not only strength but also trust."

"So, you mean they won't trust me because I'm a kid?"

"That's the idea. Can they really trust you to complete the mission? Causing doubts about the dispatched personnel is something we cannot afford."

Well, we have finally reached the age of twenty, and our achievements, such as defeating the Strom and the Majin, are widely known, so we are trusted.

On the flip side, without those accomplishments, we probably wouldn't have received requests from various countries like this.

We're a group of youngsters, after all.

Since we are part of that group of youngsters, and even more so, a lower-tier organization, the new members may not trust us unless we are somewhat close in age to them.

That intention is also part of the recruitment criteria this time.

Mei-chan, after hearing this, had a complicated expression for a while, but eventually let out a small sigh.

"I understand. I'm sorry for being selfish, Shin Onii-chan."

"No, it's okay. Besides, Mei-chan, if you enter and graduate from the high-level magic academy next year, you'll be eligible to apply then, so it's not too late."

"But... I wanted to be the first new member of the Ultimate Magicians."

Ah, so that was her purpose.

However, unfortunately, waiting for that might be a bit difficult. Due to the shortage of personnel, we need to gather them early, considering the training time. But, as Og mentioned before, making Mei-chan the first new member might lead to unnecessary misunderstandings.

When I explained that, Mei-chan pouted and said, "Muu," seeming unconvinced.

"You should just ignore what others say. I don't care what they say."

"That's not how it works."

Og let out a deep sigh in response to Mei-chan, who claimed she wouldn't care about other people's opinions.

"You can't ignore the opinions and rumors from your surroundings. If someone maliciously spreads rumors about us, that will affect our reputation. Because people who don't know the facts will believe the rumors. To those who don't know the truth, the rumors that are widely circulating become the truth."

"Muu."

Well, this is a common occurrence. There are often negative rumors about someone, but when you actually meet them, they turn out to be a very nice person.

"Look at Shin. In reality, he's such a reckless guy, but thanks to that book, he's perceived in society as a saint."

"Are you talking about me!?"

In other words, that book was compiled by the royal family! Isn't the root cause with the royal family!

"Huh? Shin Onii-chan is a great person, right? He's not that different from the contents of the book."

"Wait, Mei-chan?"

Huh? In Mei-chan's mind, am I not deviating from the Shin described in that book?

"Oh... so even someone as close as Mei thinks that. The image manipulation is working perfectly."

"What!?"

Image manipulation! So, it was intentional to have that written in the book after all!

"You! Og! So, that's how it was after all! Thanks to that, I went through so much embarrassment!"

"But thanks to that, no one dared to challenge you, right?"

"Well, yes, but..."

"I also wanted to prevent you from being feared more than necessary."

"Og..."

Concerned about my reputation...

"...Yet I heard you had a good laugh?"

Og, who read the manuscript before anyone else, heard that he had laughed so hard that it became difficult to breathe.

"..."

"..."

"Hahaha!"

"You! You're still finding it amusing, aren't you?"

You... You're trying to hold back your laughter even now.

You're not doing a good job at it, though!

"Well, joking aside, we can't underestimate rumors. Before Mei joins, we should bring in a few new members, and then, once you properly graduate from the high-level magic academy and pass the exam, there will be fewer naysayers."

"...I understand."

Damn, in the end, I was fooled by a joke.

Anyway, thanks to Og's persuasion, Mei-chan finally seemed to have given up.

"Oh, by the way, Mei-chan, is it okay for you to go to the high-level magic academy? We talked under that assumption."

"Of course, I intend to go there!"

"Well, practical skills should be fine, but what about the theoretical subjects? Are you studying properly?"

When Og said this, Mei-chan's movement froze.

"Mei-chan?"

Even Silver, who had been quietly listening to our conversation until now, looked at Mei-chan, who had suddenly gone still, with a puzzled expression.

Perhaps because of that voice, Mei-chan slowly looked at us.

"Hehe."

Saying that, she closed one eye, stuck out her tongue, and put her hand on her head.

Oh... the fact that such an exaggerated wink is coming out...

"You... you're not neglecting the theoretical subjects in favor of practical skills, are you?"

"I-It's not like that!"

Mei-chan's eyes were darting all over the place.

Is Mei-chan in trouble now?

"Alright, if your academic performance starts to suffer from now on, we'll have to ban practical skills."

"What!? Onii-sama, you're so strict!"

Is it really necessary to go that far?

Og, often referred to as a demon, smiled with a seemingly kind smile.

... On the contrary, that smile seemed terrifying...

"Uh!"

"I see. It's a pity if you can't understand a brother's concern for his little sister. Well, let me make it clear that I am genuinely worried about you."

"No! I understand! I get it!!"

"No, no, it can't be that easy. You have to show it with your attitude."

"I don't need to show it!!"

"Well, Shin. We've done what we could. We'll take our leave now."

"Help me, Shin Onii-chan!!"

We received parting words from Og and a plea from Mei-chan...

"Uh, yeah. See you later, Og."

"Shin Onii-chan!?"

I'm sorry, Mei-chan.

Even I'm scared to defy that Og.

"Oh, see you again. Come on, let's go, Mei."

"Nooo!!"

Og grabbed teary-eyed Mei-chan by the collar and dragged her away.

"...Is she going to be okay? Mei-chan."

"Uh, well, who knows?"

Since Sicily knows that Og can be strict with himself and others, she probably can easily anticipate the difficulties Mei-chan will face from now on.orm incentives
for a customer loyalty program in a small bookstore