

The day after Mei-chan's attack, they discussed the incident at the Ultimate Magicians' office.

Alice, upon hearing the story, had an oddly approving expression on her face.

"Ah, Mei-hime would say something like that. She always says she wants to join the Ultimate Magicians in the future."

"Is that so? What about Colin-kun and Agnes-san?"

"Colin-kun says he wants to take over the Harg Trading Company in the future. Agnes-san, well, she might end up marrying Colin-kun, I guess."

"Oh, I see. I had a feeling that was the case since the time I took care of them at the elementary academy."

If things are going well for them, that's great.

And now that I've found someone for myself, Alice doesn't seem to envy other people's love lives anymore.

"What about Mei-chan? Have you talked to her about it?"

"I don't know. I've never asked her about that. I don't know about her relationships in the secondary academy."

"What about Lin?"

"I'm not interested in other people's love lives."

"Oh, I see."

Lin still seems uninterested in anything other than magic.

"By the way, I heard this year's applicants for the Advanced Magic Academy are on track to set a record for the highest number ever. Is Princess okay?"

The one who asked this was Shaolin-san.

"Eh? Is that so? And why do you know about that, Shaolin-san?"

I couldn't help but ask when I heard it from an unexpected source.

Shaolin-san let out a small sigh.

"We're finally opening a language school, so we're doing various promotional activities in the secondary academy to recruit students. Right now, among secondary academy students, private magic academies are the most popular."

"Oh, I see."

"Language schools are like cram schools, so they accept students who don't have the potential to be wizards and are aiming for the Economagic Academy. But any child with even a little potential to become a wizard seems to have flocked to private magic academies."

I see, that's how you knew.

"So, does that mean there will be a significant number of applicants for the Advanced Magic Academy next year?"

Mei-chan, you're probably fine with the practical aspect, but how about the theoretical part?

After being dragged away by Oug, I looked at him to see what happened next.

I noticed Oug sigh quietly when he caught my gaze.

"He's really more of an intuitive type. He doesn't think things through like Shin, so he doesn't have much solid knowledge."

"...Really?"

"Well, his practical skills are confirmed, so he'll likely pass, but whether he'll make it to the S class is a delicate matter."

"I see. But well, the recruitment requirements for the Ultimate Magicians are that you graduate from the Advanced Magic Academy, so the class shouldn't matter, right?"

"That's true, but it would be preferable if they made it to the S class. It's a small group, so it's easier to handle in case of emergencies."

"As royalty, do you have to worry about that sort of thing?"

"Well, yes. Besides, it seems that Harg and Donnelly are both doing well in the theoretical part, so they will undoubtedly make it to the S class. I told them that, and they started studying diligently."

Harg refers to Colin, and Donnelly refers to Agnes.

"I see. So, will they manage to catch up somehow?"

"They have set various goals for themselves, so their motivation has increased. Unusually, they are even studying in their own rooms."

"Unusually..."

Mei-chan...

After this exchange and confirming that new applicants for admission to the Ultimate Magicians in the coming years shouldn't be a problem, some time passed. Then we received news that the primary selection had been completed from various countries.

We were reviewing the primary selection passers with Oug...

"...There are quite a lot of primary selection passers from Darm."

"That's right..."

Darm is a country where the mastermind behind the recent Ellie attack incident is suspected to be. In the end, no evidence linking Darm to the attack was found, and the identity of the perpetrator remained unknown. However, Oug is still on high alert due to the suspicious circumstances. Well, it's natural since his wife and child were targeted.

The number of primary selection passers sent by Darm is considerably higher compared to other countries.

"I can't help but be suspicious, but do they think that by sending more candidates, at least one will pass?"

"...In that case, should we make the selection criteria stricter?"

"Even though it's a subordinate organization, you will be providing direct guidance. I originally intended to do that. We should conduct background checks, especially for candidates from Darm."

In reality, there might be people who have nothing to do with the perpetrator of Ellie's attack.

I can't help but view it that way.

Nevertheless, Alma-san must be feeling miserable.

The results of the interrogation proved Alma-san's innocence.

When I looked around the office, I saw Alma-san diligently working at her desk. It seems that she has gotten along well with the other staff members, and her work involves transcribing documents and creating reports, which has received the seal of approval from the civil servants working at the Royal Capital's castle.

Her work attitude is serious, and her abilities are high. Despite that, her home country, Darm, is under suspicion from Oug.

It must be tough...

As I thought about it, I watched Alma-san, who was busy working with her pen.

Come to think of it...

"Don't you have typewriters here?"

"Typewriters?"

Oug responded to my murmured words.

"What's that? Another tool from your past life?"

"Eh? Oh, did I say it out loud? Yeah, typewriters are mechanical devices for typing characters onto paper. I think they would be useful in this world's writing style."

"I see... What kind of tool is that specifically?"

Since he asked, I explained the typewriter while using illustrations.

Initially, Oug's interest seemed to be out of curiosity, but it quickly turned into enthusiasm.

Huh? What's going on?

"Shin! Make this for me right away! As soon as possible!"

"O-Okay. If you're that eager, I'll give it a try... What's gotten into you?"

Oug's reaction is more than just a little enthusiastic.

It's safe to say he's quite fired up.

"If we have this, document creation time will be significantly reduced! We won't have to struggle with hard-to-read documents! Isn't it fantastic?"

Oug's praise is incredible.

He was speaking so loudly that the other staff members stopped working to look at us.

"Is something wrong?"

Catalina, on behalf of the staff, asked us.

"Yeah. Shin came up with a fantastic invention. I got so excited that I couldn't help myself."

"A fantastic invention... If His Highness says so, it must be something that can be made without any issues. What is it?"

Thorell, who is sensitive to the tools I make, also joined the conversation.

"Well, you see..."

When Oug relayed the information I had just explained, the eyes of the staff members and Thorell sparkled.

"That's amazing, Lord Shin! Let's make it right away!"

"Yes! Yes! Please make it as soon as possible! That would be our savior!"

Just like Oug, Thorell and Catalina had an incredible level of enthusiasm.

Not just Catalina, but the other staff members also had their eyes shining with anticipation.

Amidst this, Alma timidly raised her hand.

"Hmm? What's wrong, Alma-san?"

"Well... Would it be possible to sell one for personal use, please?"

"For personal use?"

"Yes, um... if I had one, I think it would greatly help with my writing..."

Alma-san, who had already come out to the other staff members as a novelist, said this while fidgeting.

"That's wonderful! An increase in writing speed means we can read Amarie-sensei's new work sooner, right!?"

Amarie is Alma-san's pen name.

Catalina, a big fan of Amarie, was giving an impassioned speech with even more enthusiasm than before.

Seems like a hobby over work.

"Shin, this is an urgent request from me as the Crown Prince. Please start working on creating that typewriter immediately."

"Alright, but you know that it might take some time because I'll have to request it from Bean Workshop..."

Bean Workshop is currently also working on automobile analysis and manufacturing. If they have to create it in between, it might take time and manpower...

"We can put the cars on hold! Focus on this as a top priority! I'll even issue a royal command!"

"Don't make it such a big deal! I get it! I'll talk to my dad about it!"

"I'm counting on you!"

...I've never seen Oug like this before.

Beside him, Thorell and the staff members also had determined expressions. They seem to be quite fed up with their paperwork.

If we don't complete the typewriter promptly, there might be an office riot...

"Sorry, Mark. I'm putting another impossible task on you..."

"Haha... If it's His Highness's urgent request, we have no choice. Besides, it does seem like a higher priority than cars."

If we were going to push Bean Workshop, Mark couldn't stay uninvolved either.

So, after apologizing to Mark, he reluctantly accepted it with a wry smile.

"Well, I should have made it earlier."

"It can't be helped. We don't need things like this."

"That's true."

And with that, while the staff members were busy preparing for the new members' entrance exams, Mark and I embarked on creating the typewriter.

Sigh, it got unexpectedly busy with a careless remark.