 a story
about Sharky, a tooth-brushing shark superhero

The Ultimate Magicians welcomed a new member.

The new members, Van and Minea, are currently in the midst of their basic training.

I had them show me their control over magical power on the first day of training, but it was completely inadequate.

It was even less than what Mei, from our elementary academy days, had.

Apparently, both of them were top of their class with this level of control.

I can't help but wonder if the magic academy's standards are low or if Mei is just a genius...

I'm leaning towards the latter.

Anyway, since their magical power control is so low, we've been taking turns accompanying them while they practice.

Anyone can teach magical power control.

So, with no training or missions, I decided to come up with something while guiding Van and Minea the other day.

"...What are you planning to make next?"

Since I'm on standby, I didn't go to the Bean Workshop. Instead, I spread out materials on my desk in the office, and Oug gave me a cautious look.

"Hmm? Well, I was thinking about the high level of classified information in this office when I was guiding Van and Minea the other day."

"I see."

"We have a lot of confidential information, don't we?"

"Well... mainly because of your magical tools."

"..."

An unpleasant silence.

But let's continue the conversation.

"So, about this office with so much classified information, I was thinking about improving security."

"Security improvement? This building is guarded by elite knights and security bureau personnel. Is there a problem?"

Indeed, the building that houses Wolford Trading Company and the Ultimate Magicians is guarded by knights from the Order, magicians from the Magic Guild, and security bureau troops.

The strictness of this security is akin to the protection of an embassy in the previous world.

Well, the confidential information stored in the Ultimate Magicians' office and the substantial amount of currency stored in their vault would undoubtedly appear as a tempting target for thieves.

That's why this security system is in place, but in addition to this, they are planning to set up a training ground in the future.

That means the number of areas requiring security will increase.

In the future, the number of security targets may increase, and that would increase the burden on those responsible for security, right? So, I thought it would be nice to lighten that burden as much as possible.

Saying that, I took out my citizen card.

When activated, my personal information is displayed. This display uses my unique magical power.

"If we can create a device that responds to this, we could have a system where only registered citizen cards can unlock it."

As I explained, not only Oug but also the staff who had gathered around us by then had serious expressions.

"Wow, that's surprising. What's going on, everyone?"

When I asked, Cartas responded with a serious expression.

"In that case, are you planning to sell it once it's completed?"

"Sell it? Oh, I see. If this spreads, it could be used for the security of regular companies as well."

As I answered, Cartas grabbed my hand with both of hers.

"Please consult with me when the time comes! It'll definitely be profitable!!"

Cartas, a former Els merchant, seemed to have sensed a business opportunity in this security system and earnestly requested to be consulted regarding its sale.

As expected from an Els merchant.

While I was thinking that, unexpected voices came from another direction.

"Amazing, Lord Shin, this is wonderful! To invent something so incredible so easily! And with this, it might even resolve those complaints..."

The voice came from Henri.

"Why? What complaints?"

I hadn't heard anything about that.

Not only Henri, but Katarina was also wearing a wry smile.

"Actually, the hunters have been filing complaints. They say there are too few requests other than monster hunting."

The current Monster Hunter Association had been handling requests not just for monster hunting but also for cases that didn't require our intervention. As a result, people who had been left out of those requests had started taking on monster hunting themselves.

I mean, shouldn't they be actively hunting monsters as hunters?

I wanted to say that, but the mortality rate among hunters is very high.

Humans tend to choose safer requests, after all.

However, some individuals were being left out of the current requests.

"If we ask the hunters to respond to scenes where the security system is triggered and apprehend the culprits, it might help alleviate some of those complaints."

"I see, I get it now."

So, in essence, an on-call security company.

I was reminded of my previous life, but Cartas's excited exclamation brought me back to reality.

"Henri! That's a great idea! It's fantastic! Let's do it! Let's establish a security company!!"

"Yes! Let's do our best!"

"..."

Well, I haven't even started developing the idea yet...

But I couldn't say that to the passionate Cartas and Henri.

Well, I guess I'll have to figure out a way to make it happen.

As the two of them continued discussing enthusiastically, the remaining staff members finally spoke.

"Sigh... We happened to witness the moment Lord Shin was about to develop another magical tool."

"Yes, it's truly unbelievable how he can come up with such incredible things so easily..."

"That's why the magical tool artisans revere him like a god."

Katarina, Alma, and Ian said in turn.

"Shin."

"What?"

While the three of them were just muttering to themselves, Oug addressed me directly.

"Could that security system that responds to the unique magical power on citizen cards be implemented in the royal castle?"

"The royal castle? What kind of system are you thinking of?"

"Yeah, something like those gates at the train stations in the high-security building."

"If you can do it, that'd be great!"

"Okay, I'll do it as soon as it's ready. There are long lines forming every morning to enter the royal castle, and it's becoming a problem."

"Oh, I see. Please do."

And so, we embarked on the development of a security system that would respond to the unique magical power on citizen cards.

Wait, did I just take on more work again?

I thought that, and Maria, with an exasperated expression, locked eyes with me.

"...Are you an idiot?"

"...You're absolutely right."

Well, that's how I spent my days, training the new recruits, going on missions, occasionally creating magical tools that came to mind, and participating in national projects.

There were no significant actions from the Darm side that we had been concerned about, and peaceful days passed by.

And then, three years had passed.