

The newly formed castle exploration team began discussing where to go once they left the room.

"Where should we go?"

"Um, the kitchen?"

In response to Max's question, Charlotte inexplicably answered "kitchen."

Perplexed by this response, Max tilted his head.

"The kitchen?"

It seemed Max didn't understand the meaning of the kitchen.

"The big one in the kitchen," Sylvester explained. After that, Max nodded in understanding and tilted his head again.

"Why?"

"They might give us sweets."

For Charlotte, the kitchen was where they made food and sweets. Whenever she visited the Walford family kitchen, the head chef, Corell, would say, "It's a secret," and give her sweets.

The castle was larger than the Walford family home, and the kitchen must be larger too. The sweets she had earlier were delicious, and if she went again, she might get more. It was a proposal with such calculation.

But...

"Charlotte? You haven't gone to our kitchen, right?"

"!?"

In response to Sylvester's words, Charlotte was startled and covered her mouth.

Whether in the Walford family or in other households, children were taught not to approach the kitchen or cooking area because it was dangerous with fire and sharp objects.

Sylvester naturally followed the instructions and stayed away from the kitchen. However, from Charlotte's earlier remarks, it seemed she knew that going to the kitchen might get her sweets.

"Well, hehe."

Unable to come up with a good excuse to deceive them, Charlotte smiled vaguely.

Seeing her face, Sylvester sighed and uttered the dreadful words.

"I'll tell Dad, okay?"

"!!"

Their father, Shin, was indulgent to the children. Not only to Charlotte but also to Sylvester. While normally a gentle father to the children, he got seriously angry when they did something dangerous. He wouldn't lay a hand on them, but instead, he would intimidate them with magic. That was truly frightening.

By the way, their mother, Sicily, cornered them with sound reasoning. That was also quite scary.

Sylvester has rarely been scolded by his parents, but Charlotte is scolded frequently.

Perhaps recalling that fear, Charlotte began to well up with tears.

"No! Big brother, please!"

"...Will you promise not to go anymore?"

"I promise! I promise, so please!"

Desperately pleading with her brother not to tell their father, Charlotte, with tear-streaked cheeks, saw Sylvester exhale softly and grabbed her face with both hands.

"Okay. But if I find out you went again, I'll tell right away."

As Sylvester said this, Charlotte broke into a big smile and hugged him.

"Big brother, thank you!"

Having avoided that fear, Charlotte's excitement was at its peak.

However, Sylvester sensed that his sister, after a while, might forget that fear and go back to the kitchen. He vowed to keep an eye on Corell as well, despite Charlotte not being completely forgiven.

While discussing where to go, walking through the castle corridor, not knowing that Charlotte wasn't entirely forgiven, they asked again, "So, where are we going?"

Inquiring once more about Charlotte's destination, Octavia, who didn't know much about places other than her own, her parents', and May's rooms, came up with the answer.

"Grandpa."

It was the office of Deseum, the king.

"Hmm? Oh, Via-chan! What's up with Silver and the others?"

In response to the sudden visit of his granddaughter, the king's face softened with affection.

There was no dignity to be found.

However, the other officials in the office knew well that King Deseum doted on Octavia, his first grandchild, so they said nothing. Even though normally, one needed an appointment and had to wait for days to enter the king's office, toddlers coming to play without notice didn't warrant any objections.

"We're the castle exploration team!"

"Oh, I see, a exploration team, huh?"

When asked by her grandfather, Octavia proudly answered, her chest puffed out.

Deseum, with a doting expression, lifted Octavia into his arms.

"Charlotte too!"

"Me too!"

With Octavia boldly declaring, Charlotte and Max also asserted that they were members of the castle exploration team.

As for Sylvester...

"Grandpa Dis, sorry for interrupting your work."

Sylvester, recognizing that Deseum was working, bowed and apologized.

"Hahaha! It's fine, fine. I won't reject my cute granddaughter and her friends."

Deseum laughed and ruffled Sylvester's hair.

"So, Via-chan and friends came to grandpa's place for castle exploration, right? Did you go to August's place too?"

August is strict with himself and others, even with the king.

He maintains a strict attitude even towards himself, the king.

Deseum was worried that if children went to August's office, known for his strictness, they might get scolded. So, he asked Octavia...

"Grandpa."

"What is it?"

"Dad is busy, you know?"

"...Eh?"

"So, we came to grandpa because dad said you're not busy and can play with us."

"...Eh?"

Deseum was stunned by Octavia's words.

Did August say it's okay to disturb him because he's not busy, even though he had said that August was busy and not to disturb him?

"Uh, Via-chan? Grandpa is working too, you know? He's busy?"

"Eh? But dad said grandpa quickly goes to Uncle Shin's house to play."

"August!!"

Deseum couldn't believe what his granddaughter was telling him and couldn't find August anywhere to scold him. However...

"Oh, Grandpa Dis, Granny said she forgot her socks at home. Can you go get them?"

"..."

With Sylvester's words, Deseum once again froze.

"Hey, Grandpa Dis! Are you coming today too? Let's hear more about dad's stories!"

"..."

Charlotte's words dealt another blow.

Seeing Deseum like that, Octavia puffed out her cheeks.

"Grandpa, that's not fair! I want to go to Silbar Onii-sama's house too!"

"Eh, no, Via-chan, you're still a child, so you can't be in the castle..."

"That's unfaaaiiir!"

Feeling that it was unfair for Deseum to go alone to Sylvester's house, Octavia threw a grand tantrum.

"Wait! Wait, Via-chan! Not only Grandpa but Dad goes there often too!"

Deseum, who was at a loss on how to deal with Octavia's tantrum, promptly sacrificed August, his son and Octavia's father.

"Dad too!? Unfair! I'm going to Uncle Silv's house!"

Saying so, she wriggled out of Deseum's arms and immediately grabbed Charlotte's hand.

"Charlotte, let's go!"

"Yeah!"

"Wait, please!"

Octavia and Charlotte, driven by momentum, rushed out of the room, and the knights and maids hurriedly followed them.

Sylvester, left behind in Deseum's office, exchanged glances with Max, who was also left behind, and gave a wry smile.

"Should we go too?"

"Yeah!"

Sylvester said this and reached out his hand toward Max.

Max happily shook hands with him.

"Grandpa Dis, sorry for intruding. Come play at our place again!"

"Goodbye."

"Uh, hehe... see you again."

Sylvester bowed to Deseum, and Max waved with a smile as they left.

Watching the two with a dry smile, Deseum muttered to himself.

"...Let's get back to work."

With that, Deseum returned to his desk and resumed his duties.