

The purpose of Strom was the empire.

It seems they were conducting experiments in the kingdom for that purpose. According to Oug, the increase in monsters had been a problem even before the demon incidents occurred.

That too was apparently one of the consequences of Strom's experiments. With Strom gone from the kingdom, they thought the increase in monsters might subside, but it seems to be continuing to grow.

Previously, it seemed to be increasing so cleverly that it went unnoticed for a year, but recently, it's said to be visibly increasing. It's the kingdom's expectation that the monsters are increasing in the empire and spilling over.

As for that empire... or should I say the former empire, no statements have come from there at all.

If there's no movement at all, wouldn't nothing happen if we don't provoke it unnecessarily? Some people express this optimistic view.

However, Strom declared that humans are insignificant beings. We can't even imagine when or what actions they might take.

They might kill humans like insects.

It's all just 'maybes' based on predictions, but we can't help but acknowledge the high possibility. So, it seems they're moving forward with the idea of cooperating with other countries to monitor the former empire for now.

As for us, we'll try to increase our strength as much as possible now, and magical training at the research society will become even more intense.

"All right, then let's confirm how much we can control magical power at the current level. Gather as much magical power as you can up to your limits."

So everyone starts gathering magical power. Magical power is invisible, but when you have magical sense, you can feel the atmospheric magical power gathering toward the magic user who is collecting it. When a lot of magical power gathers, even ordinary people without magical sense can feel the pressure.

So far, the amount of magical power gathering has been small, but thanks to the practice of magical power control that they started before the war began, everyone's magical power is increasing more reliably than before.

In this world, the amount of magical power is the "amount of controllable magical power." There are no organs in humans for storing magical power. Therefore, to use a large magic, you need to gather the magical power around you and control it.

That controllable magical power is the amount of magical power.

"Yeah, that's good. Now, let's go ahead and deploy magical barriers."

Everyone brought here is looking around. Here, you can practice attack magic without having to apply for a training ground specifically. It's quite a nice idea, even if I say so myself.

"Now, before we start practicing attack magic, what kind of things do you guys imagine when using magic?"

"What do you mean? Normally, we use magic based on the guidance of a teacher who demonstrates it, and we imagine that."

"Come to think of it, the Sage said that Wolfford has a special way of imagining things."

"That's true. Shin imagines the 'process' rather than just the 'result.'"

"Yes, if you only imagine the 'result,' you'll be limited to that, right? So I want everyone to be able to imagine it from the 'process.' That way, the range of magic you can use will expand."

"But even if you say 'process,' I have no idea what that means..."

"I'm planning to teach you that before we start practicing."

Saying that, I took out a table, candles, and a beaker from the dimensional storage. Let's start with fire.

"First, light this candle."

I lit the candle with a firestarter spell.

"Well, it will naturally burn, right?"

Everyone nodded.

"So, how do you extinguish it?"

"Huh? Can't you blow it out?"

"Well, you can extinguish it that way, but if you cover it with this beaker..."

"...Oh! It went out!"

"Why do you think it went out?"

"Why? I don't know that!"

"You do understand that for a fire to burn, it needs fuel, right?"

"Well, it won't burn without fuel, right?"

"That fuel, for example, in the case of a furnace, when you want to increase the heat, you light coal or charcoal and then do something, right?"

"Oh! You blow air with a bellows!"

"Yes, in that air, there is a combustible gas needed to ignite the fire."

"Oh, but if you blow air, it goes out, right?"

"That's only for small fires like candles or fire starters. Can you extinguish larger fires like house fires or campfires by blowing air?"

"Indeed, they don't go out."

"Well, I'll explain it further if you're curious, but for now, let's focus on this. In this air, there's a gas called 'oxygen,' which is necessary for igniting fires. When you use this oxygen for combustion, it produces non-flammable 'carbon dioxide.' When you burn the candle inside this beaker, it burns by using the oxygen inside. This creates carbon dioxide. As the oxygen decreases and the carbon dioxide increases slowly..."

I lit the candle again and covered it with the beaker.

"I see, so that 'carbon dioxide' is non-flammable, and if it increases..."

"...It went out."

"This is the basic mechanism of combustion. Now, back to magic. First, you create fire. Can everyone do this?"

I asked while producing fire at the tip of my finger. Everyone nodded.

"As you imagine that oxygen being supplied to the fire..."

"...The fire is turning pale blue..."

"When you launch this fire..."

I aimed it at the nearby ground.

Bam!

The ground melted.

"This is how you can use this kind of magic. What I used during the exams, for example, was to add rotation to this fire and launch it at high speed."

Saying this, I shot a fire projectile.

Boom!

It landed, scattering a large amount of soil.

"I'm thinking of teaching you this kind of magic. How does that sound?"

Everyone watched the impact site of the flaming projectile with serious expressions.

"Amazing. Creating the research society with Wolfford was a great idea."

"Amazing, but... it's almost too amazing to learn..."

"Shin, does this principle apply to healing magic too? I remember you mentioned something about adding enchantments to this uniform, but that can only be done if you can use the magic, right?"

"It does apply, and I'll explain it gradually. Today, we're focusing on practicing this fire magic."

In this way, a stance was established where we gave lectures before practice. I'll work hard to teach everyone so they can level up.

Then, Alice made a suggestion.

"Hey, Shin, instead of giving lectures here, wouldn't it be easier to teach in the lab using a blackboard and then come here to practice?"

"..."

Well, that does make sense... marketing strategies
for sunglasses for Gen Z and Millennials