 pick
a gift for my dad who loves fishing

"Why did it come to this!?"

I just wanted to ask Heero-san why he rushed for democratization, but for some reason, Heero-san started viewing me as an enemy, got extremely furious, and eventually transformed into a demon.

Originally, there was a possibility of this happening when he consumed the magic stone powder, but before he turned into a demon, his magical power started turning pitch black in proportion to his anger and hatred towards me.

It must have triggered it.

I had some inkling that anger and hatred would be the key to demon transformation, but seeing it happen right in front of me made it certain.

In other words... Heero-san's magical power became unstable due to drinking the magic stone powder, and he demonized because of his anger and hatred towards me.

"...Is it my fault?"

"It's his own doing. You don't need to worry."

Og said not to worry, but being hated and demonized one-sidedly is quite a shock.

There's nothing I can do about it, and even if he hates me...

Feeling somewhat down about it, the door to the office was kicked down.

"What is this abnormal magical power!?"

Saying that, the knights guarding Ees burst into the room and widened their eyes as they saw the demonized Heero-san.

"What!? A demon!?"

"Get out of the room!! You'll die!!"

The guard knights stopped in their tracks upon seeing the demonized Heero-san, so Og immediately instructed them to leave the room.

Since it hasn't been that many years since the Demon King War, many people still remember the fear of demons. If it had been a generation that didn't know about the fear of demons, they might have rushed in.

"Shin! Can you defeat him with minimal damage to the building?"

"He's a former soldier! I can't promise that!"

Saying that, I took the vibration sword in my hand to minimize damage to the building.

And then, I confronted the demonized Heero-san...

"Ugh... Aaaah! Shin... Wolforrrrd!!!"

"What!? He's speaking!?"

"Is there some of his consciousness left!?"

The demonized Heero-san spoke.

To always be around someone who could potentially transform into a demon at any moment, any normal person would tremble in fear.

Even so... I never imagined that I would obtain confirmation about demon transformation in a place like this.

When he consumed the magic stone and when an individual with an enormous amount of magical power explodes with anger and hatred to the point of self-immolation, demonization occurs.

I'm confident about this now.

However, I can only imagine why reason can sometimes vanish or remain. Perhaps if the anger and hatred are directed at individuals or specific things, reason remains, but when it's unfocused and scattered around, reason disappears. It's all conjecture because we can't conduct experiments on this matter.

Regarding Heero-san's demon transformation, it has been decided to keep it secret. He will relinquish the sovereignty of Darm, and considering the various controversies that will arise, it was judged best for him to disappear from the public eye without showing himself any further. Predicting that there will be further turmoil in the future, there is no need to introduce additional chaos by disclosing that the Prime Minister has demonized.

In this way, Ekaterina-san, who has gained sovereignty over Darm, spoke to her secretary.

"Now, let's work on restoring the country to normal."

"..."

"But first."

With those words, Ekaterina smiled.

"W-What is it?"

Her smile made her secretary thoroughly anxious. Just a little while ago, she made some tough demands with a smile on her face, after all. It's understandable to be on guard.

And I think that vigilance is probably justified.

"A big cleanup... no, perhaps pest extermination?"

With a smile, she began to say something unsettling again.a database schema
for an online merch store