

The text you provided is already in Japanese. Here's the translation to English:

"I started teaching real magic in the study group.

Upon Alice's suggestion, we began by explaining using a blackboard in the lab before moving on to practice.

It seems that writing on the blackboard makes it easier to understand, and we made steady progress in water, wind, and earth magic.

During one of our study group activities, after everyone's levels had improved considerably, there was an announcement from the teacher during homeroom.

"Well, there has been a notification from the kingdom this time. 'Since the intentions of the sorcerer Oliver Strom are unclear, no specific strategy can be determined, but it is necessary to strengthen our forces. This applies not only to the military but also to students. Be prepared for an emergency by raising your levels.' That's what it says. It means that you students should also be prepared to fight in case of an emergency."

Alfred-sensei's words left everyone bewildered, except for the Aug clan, who remained calm. They knew about this.

Nevertheless, it's unusual for a notification like this to come from the kingdom.

"Such a situation is truly extraordinary."

This must be an abnormal situation.

"As for the students, it's said that they should be able to coordinate with knights and mages from an early stage. We will conduct joint training with the Knight Training Officer Academy."

"Huh, joint training..."

I thought it was quite a good training opportunity, but everyone seemed to have mixed feelings. What's going on?

"Well, I understand why you're making that face. Cooperation with knights and swordsmen will be absolutely necessary in the future. It will be a valuable experience."

With that, the class for the day ended.

"What's the matter, everyone? Why the strange faces?"

"I see, Shin, you don't know, do you?"

"What don't I know?"

"You see, Shin, the Advanced Magic Academy mainly focuses on strengthening magic, so they don't exercise their bodies much, right?"

"Well, that's true."

"And, conversely, the Knight Training Officer Academy mainly trains their bodies and can't use magic, right?"

"They are complete opposites, aren't they?"

"So, um... Well, the students from the Knight Academy look down on the students from the Magic Academy and call them 'bean sprouts,' and the Magic Academy students mock the Knight Academy students as 'muscleheads.'"

"So, the two academies don't get along well, is that it?"

"That's right."

...What on earth?

"Hey, hey... What are you talking about in this emergency situation?"

"Anyway, I know it's an emergency situation, but..."

"I can't stand being called 'bean sprouts' by those guys."

"Yeah, it's annoying for sure."

In any case, 'bean sprouts'... I've never seen that before.

"I'm fine, though..."

"I used to lean more towards that side until recently."

"I have nothing to say."

Julius would probably feel that way. Tony is from a family of knights, so he doesn't have any strange feelings.

"But why do they have such a bad relationship?"

"Well! In terms of combat strength, magic is definitely stronger, right?"

"Even so, they act like they're stronger, which annoys us."

"Both have their strengths and weaknesses."

"But all the heroes are mages. The Sage, the Archmage, and even Wolforde."

"That's just a coincidence."

"By the way, Shin, you can use a sword, right? Did you learn from someone in the Knight Academy?"

"Yeah, but why?"

"Because there aren't many people who protect knights even though they're mages."

Oh, so that's why Zeke-chan and Chris-nee-chan don't get along.

...No, that's not it. There was something fundamentally incompatible between them.

"I've been trained by Michelle in various ways... I've seen hell multiple times..."

As I recalled Michelle-san's intense training, I realized that everyone was looking at me.

"What's wrong?"

"Well... Michelle-san, is that the Michelle-Corling-sama?"

"I think that was the name, yeah."

"Really? The former Knight Commander?"

"That's what he said."

"I see, in that case, I can understand that tough training."

"Knight Commander?"

"Shin, you didn't know? When it comes to Michelle-Corling-sama, there's no one better with a sword. They call him the 'Sword Saint.'"

"...For me, he's just a strict instructor..."

A Sword Saint... was he called that? That explains the rigorous training.

"But if you were taught by the Sword Saint, Shin, the students at the Knight Academy shouldn't say anything to you."

"I don't know, being a mage and learning swordsmanship from the Sword Saint might make them jealous."

What's that? It sounds like a hassle.

"Well, in any case, joint training is necessary. We have a clear purpose, so don't worry about what they say."

"That's impossible!"

Sigh

I have a feeling that something really troublesome is going to happen...

And then, a few days later, the day of the joint training with the Knight Academy arrived.

Four students from the Magic Academy and four students from the Knight Academy formed a party and went outside the capital to train.

It became a practical training session, including subjugating the increased number of monsters.

We gathered in front of the gates of the capital and met the students from the Knight Training Officer Academy for the first time.

They clearly had more muscular bodies than the students from the Magic Academy, probably due to daily sword practice.

The teams were organized based on their entrance exam rankings, which the Knight Academy also used. This was because among high school students, there wasn't much difference in skill levels from top to bottom, and there was a desire to further train the top performers.

Since this was our first meeting with the Knight Academy students in our team, we started with self-introductions.

"I'm Klaus Lloyd, the top first-year student at the Knight Training Officer Academy."

"I'm Miranda Wallace, the second-place student."

"Nine Curtis."

"Kent MacGregor."

What's with the unfriendly greetings from the Knight Academy students?

Klaus had blond hair, blue eyes, and a strong, rugged face. He had incredibly thick arms, giving off the classic knight vibe.

Miranda was a woman with short black hair, and she had an overall sturdy appearance, with well-defined muscles.

Nine had brown hair and brown eyes. He was a bit slimmer than the others and had narrow eyes, making him seem a bit sharp. Maybe he was more of a finesse type due to his slender build?

Kent was a muscular guy with short, blond hair shaved into a buzz cut. His sword was also quite large.

"I'm Shin Wolforde, the top first-year student at the Advanced Magic Academy."

"I'm August von Aelsthyde, the second-place student."

"I'm Maria von Messina."

"Um... I'm Sicily von Claude. Nice to meet you."

Maria seemed a little annoyed, but the others greeted us normally. The Aug family didn't seem to care about these issues, and I hadn't seen Sicily look down on anyone.

"That's the hero's grandson, huh..."

"In the end, he's just a mage."

"But His Highness is here too..."

"Yeah, it's awkward."

The Knight Academy students, Klaus and his friends, were muttering to each other. It seemed they wanted to look down on us, but with Aug here, they couldn't do it easily.

"What's that?"

"Hey, can I ask something before we start training?"

"What is it?"

Klaus responded on behalf of the group.

"Have any of you ever fought against monsters?"

"Geez, getting all cocky just because you've defeated a magical being... So what? Is that something to brag about?"

"Huh? Why would you brag about that? No, that's not it. We're going to hunt monsters from now on. When knights and mages keep talking about who's better, it..."

"What's the point of saying all that?"

"You'll die, you know?"

I tried to intimidate them a bit. Maybe they'll be more cooperative now?

"Ugh, shut up! Originally, we, the Knight Academy, could handle monster hunting just fine by ourselves. You mages are just getting in the way! You should just stay out of our business!"

Instead of being cooperative, they became even more resistant. Don't they understand the purpose of this training?

"Do you guys... Did you participate in this training with that kind of understanding?"

"Uh, no! It's not like His Highness is getting in our way or anything..."

I'm not saying that. This training was devised so that when deployed in actual combat, we can smoothly coordinate with existing units. It's not a competition between the Knight Academy and the Magic Academy to see who can defeat more monsters.

"That, well..."

"I understand, but can't really agree with it. Well, Shin..."

"What?"

"You don't need to defeat monsters in this training. There's no need for training. All you need is practice in coordination, right?"

"That's right. I originally planned to get involved as little as possible. So what?"

"The Knight Academy students claim they can defeat monsters on their own. So let's do it that way."

"Huh? Your Highness, what do you mean..."

"Try defeating a monster without mage support. If you do that, you'll understand the purpose of this training."

"If Your Highness says so..."

Following Aug's suggestion, at first, it was decided that only the Knight Academy students would hunt monsters.

Do they not understand what we've been saying up to this point?

Despite the apprehension, the joint training began.

We went deep into the forest and began hunting monsters. As our rankings dropped, we moved to shallower parts of the forest, with the lowest ranking team on the plains.

In addition, both knight and mage instructors were sent from the Knight Order and Mage Corps.

"Hey, Shin."

"Nice to meet you today, Shin."

It had to be Zeke-chan and Chris-nee-chan, of all people.

"Please, you two are instructors... Can you not argue?"

"If this guy didn't butt in..."

"..."

"Hey, what?"

"So I'm telling you to stop!!"

Sigh... Is this training really going to be okay?

As I felt apprehensive about the future, everyone was looking at me with sparkling eyes.

"Um, I'm Maria, Shin's classmate! Siegfried-sama, um... can I shake your hand?"

"Oh! Sneaky move there! Um, can I do it too?"

Sieg liked by the girls.

"I... I mean, I'm Klaus Lloyd. I'm delighted to meet you, Christina-sama. Um, the handshake..."

"I'm Nine! Please watch my heroic deeds today!"

"I'm Kent. Please watch me fight!"

Chris-nee-chan popular with the boys.

"What's this?"

"Hehe, what do you think, Shin? This is my charisma."

"What do you think, Shin? I'm not bad either, right?"

"I thought Zeke-chan was a ladies' man, so it's not surprising, but Chris-nee-chan was unexpected."

"Unexpected? What do you mean, how rude."

"Wait, a ladies' man?"

"Well, aren't you?"

"Heh..."

"Huh? What's that?"

"Sigh... just do whatever you want."

Tired of the sudden fight between the two, I felt some stares.

Except for Aug and Sicily, everyone was giving us a stern look.

"If you're that close, you could at least introduce Siegfried-sama to us..."

"So familiar with Christina-sama!"

"Y-You'll pay for this!"

Why is Maria also on their side?