

When I told Allen about such things, even Cresta, who had come with Allen, opened their eyes in surprise.

Silver also had a puzzled expression, not understanding why Allen and Cresta were surprised.

I don't understand either.

"Both of you, why are you so surprised?"

I'm curious too, why?

"Well, because in order to obtain the kind of power that Lord Shin has, you need to be determined to become a hero and work hard in your training, right?"

"Actually, I'm more surprised that Lord Shin naturally became a hero..."

Ah, I see.

"Well, that's probably because of the environment. As you know, I've been living deep in the mountains with my grandparents since I was a child, and I didn't know that children shouldn't use magic. So, I saw my grandparents using magic and started using magic by imitating them."

This is also mentioned in the book about me, so it seemed that Allen and Cresta were aware of it.

Recently, I invented magical tools that stabilize magical power without causing it to go out of control, which lowered the age at which magic could be taught to ten years. However, before that, accidents could occur when mentally immature children handled magical power, so I didn't teach magic until they entered middle school.

Well, it wasn't strictly forbidden by law, but it wasn't encouraged.

The reason I didn't know was that my grandparents were rather lax about it, and my grandmother wasn't living with us at the time, so she wasn't keeping an eye on me.

I remember my grandmother being distressed when she realized that I had already become able to use magic.

After that, my grandfather was also confronted,

"Well, I continued to use magic since I was a child without knowing common sense in the world, and there was no one else to compare to except my grandfather. My grandfather is an old man, and he's a recluse living deep in the mountains, so I thought there must be many more amazing magicians in the city."

"Magicians more amazing than the Sage..."

"More amazing than the Sage..."

(Note: The text appears to be a conversation about the protagonist's background and their unique experience with magic.)

"Grandpa being called the Sage, I only found out on my fifteenth birthday. Until then, neither Grandpa nor Grandma had talked about their past. So, by that time, I had already surpassed Grandpa, who was my goal. Back then, I didn't know the level of magicians in the world and got into all sorts of trouble during the entrance exam for the Advanced Magic Academy..."

Ah, those were the days. I heard about that entrance exam from Alfred, who was my teacher at the time.

"After that, well, it's mostly as written in the books, I guess... I'm a bit embarrassed, so I haven't really read them thoroughly."

In the end, the reason I'm called the Magic King or whatever in the world is because I became obsessed with magic that didn't exist in my previous life and trained like crazy, and because my grandpa, who was the highest-ranking magician at the time, taught me magic.

I didn't have any special talent, and I don't have the kind of cheats Hiiro told me about when I was in Darm.

It was because I didn't know the common sense of the world.

So when people around me call me a hero or something, I just want to tell them to stop with all their might.

When I talked about this, Allen and Cresta finally seemed to understand.

"It's because of circumstances like that that Lord Shin, who is the greatest magician in history, is so humble."

"Amazing! This is a new fact that isn't even written in 'The New Heroic Tale'!"

Allen seemed impressed, but Cresta appeared to be moved by something else.

Cresta has changed quite a bit since she started coming to our house.

Shishi and I used to get asked a lot about the contents written in the books, especially about our romantic relationships. But recently, she started asking about other things as well.

She's become interested in the slight discrepancies between our actual romantic situations and what's written in the books, and how to compile the actual events to make them interesting for readers.

Is Cresta aspiring to be a writer?

No, judging by her behavior, she might even become a fan fiction writer.

Grandpa and Grandma's story has generated a ton of fan fiction, and I don't know the details, but there seems to be fan fiction about our story too.

There are decent works that create our school life and present them as academy stories, as well as explicit stories with me and Oug.

... She's only nine years old, so I can't imagine Cresta would be interested in that direction, but I hope she doesn't go down that path.

Should I guide her from now on?

No, it's not good to decide her future from now on.

But if Cresta seems interested in becoming a writer, I think it would be good to introduce her to Alma, who is a secretary for the Ultimate Magicians. She writes novels under the pen name "Amalie" and is quite a popular author. She can make a decent living from her writing alone, but she also holds an important position as a secretary for the Ultimate Magicians, which is a role sent from Darm. This position is quite important, so she can't just retire from it, and she has no intention of doing so. Since Alma mainly writes pure love stories, it's a good idea to guide Cresta so that she doesn't venture into a perverted world. Oh, by the way.

"Speaking of which, Allen, you're about to turn ten, right? Have you taken the Magic Aptitude Test?"

When I asked this, both Allen and Cresta nodded.

"Yes, I had a Magic Aptitude."

"Me too."

As I mentioned earlier, the age at which magic is taught has been lowered to ten, so both of them will soon start learning magic. However, teaching magic exactly at the age of ten can lead to differences in the timing of starting for children with early or late birthdays, so it has become customary to start when they become fourth graders in the elementary academy. In fact, this issue came up when we first started teaching magic. The age of ten is not strictly based on any particular reason, it's just that Princess Mei, who is a member of the royal family, started learning magic at the age of ten, and that's the only reason. So, everyone starts learning magic when they become fourth graders in the elementary academy, which is typically around the age of ten. But I see, both of them had Magic Aptitude.

"I had Magic Aptitude too. Let's do our best together."

That's right, Silver also had Magic Aptitude. I don't know if genetics are related to having Magic Aptitude, but my real parents, Strom and Milia, could use magic, so I thought the likelihood of being able to use magic is high. In this world, all humans have magical power.

They call that basic magical power, and magic tools react to this basic magical power, so even people who can't use magic can use magic tools.

Magical aptitude is determined by whether one can interfere with magical elements in the air using this basic magical power.

People who can't do it won't be able to do it for the rest of their lives.

No, there's not no way.

However, the two people I know who took that path both turned into demons.

It's an absolute taboo.

By the way, I have the impression that there are more people with magical aptitude these days.

Mei-chan's friends like Colin and Agnes also had magical aptitude.

Allen and Cresta too.

By the way, Wolfford Trading Company provides magic control tools, and I feel like the number of orders has been increasing year by year.

...Hmm, I might need to investigate this a bit.

While I was thinking about such things, Silver and the others continued their conversation.

"Oh, right. Dad, please teach magic to Allen and Cresta too."

"Huh? Oh, sure."

"Eh!?"

When I lightly agreed to Silver's request, Allen and Cresta stood up.

"Is, is that really okay!?"

Both of them are saying such things, but Allen and Cresta are Silver's important friends.

It's not a big deal.

"Of course. I've already taught Silver, so there's no problem teaching the two of you."

"Eh?"

When I said that, Allen and Cresta looked at Silver.

Their eyes became sharp.

Silver, who was being watched by the two, scratched his cheek with a wry smile.

"Ah, hahaha. Dad said he would teach if I asked..."

Silver had been asking to learn magic since he was a child.

It was one of the few things he had been stubborn about, but I already knew that I shouldn't teach magic to children.

Instead, I made him toy magic tools and kept diverting his attention with those. But now that he's become a fourth grader in the elementary academy, and he asked, "Isn't it okay already, Dad? Teach me magic!" with sparkling eyes, I couldn't refuse.

As for those toy magical tools, they are available for general sale because Silver had a good response to them.

Unlike everyday magical tools that provide water, fire, or warm air, they simply light up or spin around, but they are well-received by young children.

By the way, we have some magical toys that I created, which are not yet available for sale. Alisha plays with them in Shal's room with Via-chan and others.

I heard when they came over to play before, but Allen and Cresta also bought magical toys and played with them occasionally.

"Hmm?"

While I was pondering something, Allen and Cresta were questioning Silver.

"Silver, that's not fair! What are you trying to sneak away with!!"

"Yeah, and on top of that, you're being taught by Lord Shin!"

"What a luxury!"

"Exactly!"

"No, that's why you both asked Dad to teach you magic, right?"

As Silver pointed that out, Allen and Cresta realized and turned to me.

"We'd appreciate it!"

"Yeah, sure."

I've had experience teaching Mei-chan, Colin, and Agnes, so it should be fine.

I'm not worried about it now.

More importantly, I was distracted by something else.

"Magical toys...huh."

This might be the first Og proposal in a while.orm content ideas
for my new podcast on urban design