

"I'm back!"
"I'm back."
"Oh, welcome back, Mei-chan and Eclair-kun. How was your day?"

In the evening at the Ultimate Magicians' office.

I was doing work unrelated to the Ultimate Magicians' business there.

Well, lately, the Ultimate Magicians' office has such competent office staff that I hardly have any documents to review anymore.

It seems they've been sending promising elites from various countries.

Originally, it was under the pretense of monitoring us, who had grown too powerful, but there was really no reason to suspect us.

Once the office staff realized there was no such suspicion, they dedicated themselves to their regular duties.

The annual new recruitment test has been conducted six times, and new members, after training, are ready to go out into the field.

As a result, my requests for missions have diminished, and I find myself here at the office with nothing to do.

Well, it seems like they've completely moved away from relying on me, which was the original goal of increasing members and office staff.

Recently, the main work I've been doing is creating new magical tools and upgrading them.

... It's all content related to the Walford Trading Company.

But, you know, the company is run by Alice's father, Mr. Glen, as its president, so they have less work for me here.

Here, there are occasionally emergency cases where I'm requested to go out, so when I have no business with the company, I'm at the Ultimate Magicians' office, doing various things.

I was in the middle of designing improvements for my Magic Car when Mei-chan and Eclair-kun returned.

"Today was a rare monster subjugation mission, but there were a lot of them, so it was tough."

"The areas we visited today had many places untouched by human hands. Maybe monsters are breeding in large numbers there."

"Really? Well, I'll make sure to alert the local lords in that area."

"Please do."

"Then I'll create a report and submit it, so please submit the report as soon as possible."

"Understood."

I listen to reports from the members who return from the field and if there are areas for improvement, it's my job to make recommendations and raise awareness with the country and lords.

However, as a commoner, I might not be taken seriously when delivering these recommendations to the noble lords.

So, what I do is create detailed reports based on the members' reports and submit them to the Augh. In addition, I contact the lords and various countries on behalf of the Earlsheid royal family.

It's better if they handle it themselves if they can. Otherwise, we would develop a dependency, not taking action ourselves.

We try to manage things on our own, and if it's beyond our capabilities, requests will come to us.

It took several years for this kind of format to be adopted. In the beginning, we used to take on everything and it was getting overwhelming.

We've established a system where requests are distributed to the Monster Hunter Association, and hunters take on the tasks, over the past few years.

Thanks to this, the association has started receiving requests that don't involve monster hunting directly.

It's become a business structure similar to adventurer guilds commonly found in isekai light novels.

For now, there's no ranking system, but it's possible that a ranking system, trustworthiness, or contribution system might emerge in the future.

While preparing the report to be submitted to the Augh while thinking about such things, I was approached by Katarina.

"Sir Shin, we received documents from the Walford Trading Company earlier."

"Thank you."

I received the documents from Katarina and went through them.

By the way, these documents weren't sent by mail or delivered by someone. We've opened up the transfer device used between the Ultimate Magicians' office and the royal castle to the public, so that's how they were sent.

Well, it's like a fax from a previous life.

The difference is that it's the actual item being transferred, not a copy, and it can only be exchanged between a pair of transfer devices.

There are no plans at the moment to allow free transfer of documents and items to various places by setting numbers.

Because the magic gate is given, the transferred item is the actual item, and if, for example, small high-value items like gold coins or gems were transferred, it would be difficult to track.

If it's a pair, the destination is immediately known.

I went through the documents sent using this device.

The contents of the documents were a request to attend a meeting between trading companies that handle magical tools in the near future.

The discussion at the meeting was about the recent massive import of magic stones from Quanlong, which had made magical tool users more active. However, they had only developed magical tools based on the assumption that they would not use magic stones regularly, so they didn't know how to use magic stones effectively.

Before accidents happened due to reckless use, they wanted to discuss how to use magic stones.

I had used magic stones in the development of the Magic Car I had recently created, but recently, magic stones had become very cheap and were readily available. As a result, I had started developing and selling constant lighting fixtures, air conditioning units, refrigerators that didn't need to make ice and continuously cooled, fully automatic washing and drying machines, and other such items that I had always wanted to create.

I had been making magical tools like this for my own use at home for a long time, but since magic stones had recently become available to the general public, I had released magical tools for everyday life.

The results were a huge hit.

Thanks to such products, magic tool usage is extremely popular right now.

Already, a request had come to us from a company that sells magic stone-based magical tools because monopolizing the technology isn't good. They probably wanted us to provide guidance to others.

In that case, my answer was simple.

I took a pen and put a checkmark in the "Participation/Non-participation" section of the document and sent it back to the Walford Trading Company.

"Huh? You returned it quite quickly. Wasn't it an important document?"

The document transfer device was located near Katarina's seat.

She held a position similar to the Chief Administrative Officer of the Ultimate Magicians' office, so she was the first to review the documents that came to the office.

She also checked the documents we sent from here.

In my case, there are situations where it involves company secrets, and I'm the one who created it in the first place. Plus, I can send things directly through my own gate, so whether they check it or not doesn't really matter.

I immediately signed the document and sent it back, so Katarina, who didn't know the contents, must have found it strange.

"Oh, it was a document for confirming attendance at a meeting about using magic stones in magical tools."

"Is that so? Well, it's a bit late now. There's no one as skilled as Sir Shin when it comes to handling magic stones."

"You think so? Well, that's why."

"So, you won't be attending, right?"

"No, I will be attending."

"What!?"

Upon hearing my response, not only Katarina but also the other office staff working around and Mei-chan and Eclair-kun, who were writing reports, widened their eyes and looked at me.

"Uh, why? It's a gathering to discuss how to use magic stones, right? Why does Sir Shin need to attend?"

"That's right. Big brother Shin already knows the answers. He made the magic lamps and air conditioning units. Isn't it unnecessary for him to attend now?"

"Yeah, I don't need to."

"...Sir Shin, could it be..."

Eclair-kun, who seemed to have realized something, looked at me with a surprised expression.

"Yes. I'm going to give a lecture on how to use magic stones."

"What!?!"

When I said I would give a lecture on using magic stones, there was a collective scream from everyone in the office.

"W-Why are you doing this?! So far, Sir Shin's trading company is the only one making a huge profit from magic stone-based magical tools! Why would you imitate something that throws away that profit?"

The one who shouted like that was Kartas-san, a former merchant from the Els Free Commercial United Nations Country and Maria's husband.

He had a typical Els merchant's strict attitude towards profit and was shocked by my actions.

"I don't have any particular intention to do that. Besides, when other similar businesses emerge, being a pioneer gives you an advantage. Besides..."

"Besides what?"

"If more developers come into the field, there might be some wild and innovative inventions, right?"

When I answered that way, Kartas-san widened his eyes and was left dumbfounded.

Well, I suppose that's the kind of reaction you'd expect from an Els merchant.

While I looked at Kartas-san with a wry smile, Maria approached him, patted him on the shoulder, and brought him back to his senses.

"Just give up. That's Shin for you. He devotes all his energy to what interests him without caring about profit or inconvenience to others. I can't count how many times I felt that way back in the High-Level Magic Academy!"

Ignoring the profits, but regarding the inconvenience to others... I couldn't deny it because I had too many instances in mind.

Maria, who had patted Kartas-san's shoulder to bring him back to his senses, seemed to have gotten fired up as she thought about the past. She had gripped Kartas-san's shoulder, and he winced in pain.

"Ouch, that hurts! Maria, you're putting too much force!"

"Oh, sorry. I just remembered the old days, and I guess I got carried away."

"Oh, no, it's fine. More importantly, Sir Shin, you're still sane after all."

"Well, unfortunately."

I was being doubted for my sanity!?

Maria used an advanced technique of seemingly providing support while subtly belittling. Come to think of it, when I used to do something, Maria was the one who complained the most. Back then, I was really ignorant of common sense, and I must have caused a lot of trouble to those around me.

But even though we've known each other for almost a decade now, she still holds it against me...

Well, thanks to Kartas-san, Maria seemed to have calmed down, so I can leave it to him.

Thinking this, I returned to my seat, where Mei-chan and Eclair-kun were waiting with their reports.

"Sorry for the wait! Here's today's report!"

"Please review it."

"Thank you. You can go home now."

"Alright! Then, we'll take our leave!"

"Good job. See you tomorrow."

"Yeah, well done."

After submitting their reports, the two of them left.

I returned to my work of creating a report based on the reports, all the while thinking about the documents from earlier.

Until now, only Bean Workshop had showcased knowledge in magical tool production. However, when looking at the industry as a whole, that wasn't necessarily a good thing. So, I had intended to share my knowledge to some extent. But I had no other connections with trading companies, and it felt quite condescending to say, "I'll teach you how to make magical tools using magic stones," so I hadn't been able to put this into action.

But then, they initiated it.

I eagerly awaited the day of the meeting as if it were an opportunity I couldn't miss.

And after that meeting, the pace of magical tool development would accelerate significantly.