orm names
for a non-alcoholic cocktail with Coke and pomegranate syrup

"Alright, that's it for today's training. Let's head back to the capital. Everyone, good job."

Zeke, who had been conflicted watching the power of the three magicians, managed to recover and announced the end of this training session.

Although some follow-ups were provided, it was mostly everyone's effort that allowed them to defeat the large monster. The male students from the Knight Academy seemed down, and Miranda seemed exasperated, creating an atmosphere that didn't seem like what followed after students defeated a large monster on their own.

On the other hand, the three from the Magic Academy were quietly pleased with how much their abilities had grown, but they kept silent, influenced by the gloom of the Knight Academy students.

As a result, an indescribable awkward atmosphere hung in the air. Unable to tolerate this situation, Chris scolded the Knight Academy students.

"Enough of this, all of you. Despite defeating a large monster with just the students, you're all feeling down about other things. There are many things we need to reflect on, such as the points to correct and the lessons learned from the previous battle. If you can't use these experiences for the future, then the training means nothing."

Chris had always taken a strict attitude toward the Knight Academy students, perhaps because they were her juniors. She didn't show any favoritism towards her alma mater's students. Rather, her attitude towards Chris and the others seemed to reflect their sorry state.

...Is it related to the darkness in her past?

"...Yes, there are indeed many things we need to reflect on."

Oh, is she switching to being the top student of the Knight Academy for a moment?

"The preemptive magic in the previous battle was very effective."

"Yes, the bear monster had taken quite a bit of damage from it."

"I had heard that monsters use body enhancement magic, but there were no signs of that due to the damage."

"Perhaps the problem lies with us... or?"

Indeed, as the top students of the Knight Academy specializing in physical combat, they immediately began reflecting on the previous battle.

"We rushed to secure victory in the end, that was the problem."

"Yes, you're right. You guys have great records at the Knight Academy, so there's no issue with your combat abilities. However, deciding the outcome in the final moments is a challenge for anyone."

"Yes, I realize that now. I almost got killed..."

It seemed that Chris had remembered it just now, as Kris shivered.

"I thought Kris was killed."

"Me too."

"Me too."

"And for a moment, you averted your eyes, didn't you? I understand your feelings, but no matter what the situation, you must never take your eyes off the monsters."

"Yes."

"Still, Waldford's magic that saved Kris was amazing."

"Yeah, can magic be so precise?"

"No, very few people can shoot so precisely. Other magicians would aim for larger targets. Someone like me, who was dispatched for this mission, can do it at a close range, but beyond that..."

"Yeah, I've never seen anything like that."

"Shin, how far can you shoot magic with pinpoint accuracy?"

Zeke asked Shin.

"Let's see... you remember that wilderness where I demonstrated my magic, right?"

"Oh... the place with the unusual terrain..."

"There, I... well, in terms of precision, I could do it up to about 500 meters, I guess?"

"500!?"

"Yeah, using visual enhancement. Beyond that, pinpoint accuracy becomes difficult."

In the previous world, it seems that precise shooting could be done at much longer distances, so Shin thought it was no big deal, but he was still getting surprised looks.

"So, at that distance, it's a piece of cake..."

"Yes, I saw it with my own eyes. He shot through the 'hand' that had been lowered..."

"The hand, huh... that's really pinpoint..."

"I was aiming for the spot where the left arm loses strength when the base is shot..."

"Alright! Let's proceed with the discussion assuming Shin is an exception!"

Zeke concisely summed it up.

What's with that?

Just as Shin was about to complain to Zeke, the students from the Magic Academy, including Ogre, spoke up.

"Did we not perform well?"

"Without flattery, Your Highnesses' magic was amazing. To be honest, the power was so overwhelming that I was momentarily frozen."

"Yes, it was incredible... I wonder if it was part of the training..."

"I, too, hesitated in giving orders for a moment. I'll ask again, what was that? Is the current Magic Academy on such a high level?"

"...Honestly, it's not much different from the top members of the active-duty magic brigade, and in some cases, it may even surpass them. Shin, what did you do?"

Huh? It's me, isn't it?

"What did you do?"

Anyway, we need to hurry to the gates of the capital. We were the furthest out, so we'll be the last to return."

Zeke completely ignored the fact that I was being treated like me.

...Being treated like me is like a derogatory term?

While walking in disbelief at this shocking fact, Zeke spoke to Shin.

"Hey, Shin."

"What? Zeke-chan."

"What kind of research club are you in? Attack Magic Research Club?"

"No, when Ogre and the teachers around me said it would be better to start a research club on their own, I created it myself."

"On your own... So, what's this research club about?"

"Even if you ask me what... Let's all aim to master magic together... It's a research club with a kind of vague goal like that."

"That's really vague!"

I think so too.

"Right now, I'm teaching everyone the practice method that Grandpa taught me and my own way of imagining when I use magic."

"Shin's magic image! I see!"

"What?"

"Well, even if you say you're practicing with the same method as you were taught by Merlin-sama and the others, you're a student... and a first-year student at that. Teaching Shin's magic image is the same as being taught Shin's magic, right?"

"Hmm? Is that how it is? In the end, it's the image of the person who uses it, and strictly speaking, it's not exactly the same as mine..."

"That's true, but the fact is that Your Highnesses' abilities have become quite something."

"I don't know the abilities of other magicians..."

"Well, you could use magic better than Merlin-sama and Merida-sama even before enrolling, so you came to the academy to learn common sense and make friends, right? It's only natural that you don't know the level of other magicians."

"Oh, I understand the level of everyone at the academy. So, I thought we should at least improve the abilities of the research club members, given the current situation."

If Strom hadn't appeared, Shin might not have thought about raising their levels for the sake of everyone's safety.

"Hey... I have a little request..."

"What is it?"

"Well... that practice you're doing in the research club... could you teach it to me too?"

"Yeah, sure..."

"Wait for that answer, Shin."

As Shin was about to reply with "yes," Ogre stopped him.

"Why?"

"Siegfried, you're a military person, right?"

"Yeah, well..."

"Merlin-sama's teaching used to be the mainstream when it came to magic, so there's no problem there. But if you were to ask for instruction outside the academy, especially when it comes to Shin's image... it could be seen as potential military use at worst."

"That's... but..."

"Merlin-sama has been lamenting the recent decline in the level of magicians, and Merida-sama seems to have no objections to everyone being able to use Shin's magic, but the people around us, especially neighboring countries, are likely to have something to say."

"Is it a diplomatic issue?"

A diplomatic issue!? Is me teaching magic a diplomatic issue?

"Even now, it's quite on the edge. What's barely holding it back is the fact that Shin is teaching magic 'voluntarily' for the safety of his friends at the academy, and Merlin-sama and Merida-sama have allowed it with Shin's intention in mind."

"True..."

"If someone from the military teaches it, that's when voices will rise from all over the place."

"... "

"Right now, in this situation, it might be okay, but..."

Siegfried swallowed hard.

"Will Merlin-sama and Merida-sama approve of their grandson being used for military purposes?"

"That's..."

"To be honest, Shin's magic is dangerous. I have no intention of making this public, and I've told others not to spread it around. This shouldn't be disseminated. If it were to spread..."

"If it were to spread...?"

"The world wouldn't be destroyed by demons, but by human hands."

"That's a major issue!?"

"Hmm... I see you weren't aware of it..."

Huh? Huh? So what I'm doing now...

"...Is what I'm doing considered a problem?"

"Well... I can't say that definitively..."

"What do you mean?"

"The fact is, this is an unprecedented emergency situation. The mass emergence of demons."

"Well, yeah."

"I can't predict what Strom will do, but when they go on the offensive, Shin's magic is highly effective. The problem is what comes after that."

"If they use the power they gained against other countries..."

"That's why I'm saying it shouldn't be disseminated. Fortunately, with just the research club, the number of people is limited, so we can somehow control it. I've also told Bean and Stone. I told them not to teach what they learned in the research club in their own classes."

They've been told that...

"Even if they call it information secrecy or a monopoly, I don't care. I have no intention of spreading or abusing Shin's magic. Shin, you said it, right? Ultimately, it depends on the moral character of the person using the magic."

"Y-Yeah, I did."

"Up to this number of people. Anything more, and there might be unforeseen circumstances. I'll do everything in my power to control it. So, Shin, don't spread your magic any further."

"O-Okay... I understand."

It's becoming a more serious situation than I thought... I never imagined it could become an international issue.

"But, can't you convey Merlin-sama's teachings? Like I said earlier, it used to be the mainstream, and..."

"Yeah, I guess we could stop there..."

"So, what's the training method that Merlin-sama taught?"

"It's terribly plain, you know. Siegfried, can you do it?"

"W-What is it? I'll give it a try!"

"Then I'll teach you. The method is... practicing magic power control."

"...Huh?"

"Every day, little by little, increase the amount of magic power you can control. That's it."

"Huh? Is that it, really?"

"Why are you doubting it? Claude! Messina! Come here!"

"Yes?"

"What is it?"

I called over Sicily and Maria, who were walking ahead of us, so they wouldn't overhear our conversation.

"What's wrong, Your Highness?"

"Well, you see, these elite mages from my father's escort here don't seem to understand the importance of magic power control. I thought I'd teach them."

You didn't know it either!

"Yeah... hearing about it isn't enough to really understand."

"What should we do?"

"Right, first, just like Shin had you do, try deploying a magic barrier. Siegfried, give it a try."

"Alright..."

Siegfried reluctantly deployed a magic barrier.

...It's quite thin, as I thought.

"Hmm, now the three of us will do it."

"Yes."

"Understood."

And then the three of them deployed magic barriers.

"W-What's this!"

"What's wrong, Sieg?"

We stopped, so Chris-chan, who had been watching, asked.

"What's wrong? What's this thick magic barrier!?"

We didn't know about it until Shin and Merlin-sama taught us. When you increase the amount of magic power you can control, you can do something like this."

"To be honest, our magic barriers are much thinner compared to Shin's..."

"Is this thin?"

"Shin's is even more incredible, you know?"

Siegfried sighed and looked over at us.

"Indeed, with this difference in the amount of magic power, it wouldn't be surprising if it had more power than mine..."

"We still have a long way to go in terms of technique."

"Well, honestly, it's plain and troublesome... If it's like this, you can spread it as much as you want."

Saying that, Oug gave Sieg the permission.

But still... I was quite shallow... I didn't realize how much trouble I was causing Oug...

"I'm sorry, Oug."

"Hm? What's that for?"

"Well... it seems like I caused some trouble..."

"Why are you making such a big deal out of it? After all, it was Father who brought you to this country in the first place. So I'll take care of you until the end."

"Oug..."

Sigh... It seems like I was quite careless... Even though I thought I was being careful...

"So, in other words, members of the 'Ultimate Magic Research Club' except for Shin will be placed under the country's control after graduation."

"Huh?"

"Of course, right? They can't be put in the army, and if they're left free, they can't be controlled. I think they'll probably become a special unit under my direct control. And there should be surveillance by each country as well."

"So strict?"

"If we continue like this, we'll probably become the world's strongest unit. Unless we make sure they can't move except in special cases like this one, we won't be able to avoid suspicion from other countries."

We have to make it seem like the Aursheid Kingdom doesn't have any intention of world domination...

"Sorry for everything..."

"So don't worry about it. As long as you don't misuse it, you'll become the hope that will save humanity."

Hope... huh...

"Right... I'll make sure not to make any mistakes."

"Shin, you'll be fine."

"Sisily?"

"Because... you're teaching us magic to protect ourselves, right? Someone with such a kind thought would never make a mistake."

"Sisily..."

"Shin will surely become the hope of the world. So, please don't worry."

"Yeah, I understand. Thank you, Sisily."

"Actually, it's us who should be careful... or rather, it's me."

"That's true. Let's be careful, too."

...I've changed everyone's lives, haven't I...content strategy
for a newsletter featuring free local weekend events