

"The research society changed the lives of its members... Feeling an immense responsibility for that fact, I arrived at the gathering place near the capital city's gate.

There, students from both the magic academy and the knight academy who had just completed combat training were present. Students from the magic academy and the knight academy, who had been at odds with each other before the training, were now seen talking about the recent training in various places. Occasional laughter indicated that they had acknowledged each other. Even with just that, I thought there was meaning in this training... There were a couple of pairs who seemed down, and there were knight academy students being encouraged by the knights who had been dispatched.

There were also magic academy students nearby who were bewildered by this sight. Or rather, they were members of the research society.

"Oh! Your Highness, Shin, Cecily, Maria! Good work!"

"Good work, Alice. What's this?"

"Well... The power of my magic unexpectedly increased, so I got carried away and used magic..."

"The students from the knight academy got depressed."

"Even though I told you to control yourself..."

"I got a little carried away. I'm reflecting on it now."

It seems Alice's team didn't hold back. Did they defeat most of the enemies with just magic? That's why the knight academy students who had no opportunity to shine were feeling down.

"At first, I followed Lord Shin's advice and controlled my use of magic. But even then, I could defeat small monsters with a single strike..."

"But! I thought this wasn't right, so in the second half, I significantly restrained my power for the sake of training!"

"But it seems that hurt their pride even more..."

"They started acting that way in the middle."

The knight academy students, like Clyse and the others, seem to have quite high pride. They probably couldn't bear to be in a situation where they felt unnecessary.

"But it's kind of satisfying. Because they were looking at us with malicious intent!"

"Well... it was certainly creepy."

"They were trying to show off their good sides. So I made sure they couldn't do that. I'm reflecting on it now."

"They gave me eyes filled with resentment..."

The knight academy students... are they really that desperate for female attention?

I wonder how Tony and Julius and the others fared.

"We had acquaintances on our side."

"I had acquaintances as well."

"Well, I didn't know anyone."

"I didn't either."

I see, Tony's family originally had a lineage of knights. They might have known each other from the time when they were practicing swordsmanship.

"As soon as we met, they said, 'You weaklings who ran to the Magic Academy!'..."

"I stuck with His Highness, so that didn't happen to me... but it did make the atmosphere on the field quite tense."

"Well, anyway, since it was a combat training, we started seriously defeating monsters."

"He seemed to be a rival of Freid, who had become skilled in magic... and he kept making reckless charges."

"I got scolded by the instructor several times for breaking our coordination."

"I wanted to support with magic, but they wouldn't stay back, so I couldn't find the right timing to cast spells... and there were a few dangerous situations..."

"I got reprimanded for that and got frustrated... and repeated it."

"He was kind of fixated on Freid."

I see, if he used to be a rival, he probably felt the need to compete with Tony, who had become skilled in magic. Quite the hot-blooded type.

"Well, he's always been like that, challenging me at every opportunity."

"If he was a rival, it can't be helped, right?"

"We used to get along when we were kids..."

"Huh? Is that so?"

"Maybe it's because... back then, the girl he liked confessed to me and we started dating."

"That's definitely it!"

How cruel to say such things to a teenage boy!

"So, in the end, we progressed in defeating monsters with our magic."

"The knight academy students had almost no role!"

"It was a bit dangerous, though..."

It seems they decided that it would be risky to involve the knight academy students in defeating the monsters. That would be disheartening.

"What about Shin's group?"

"In our group, Shin and Cecily were constantly affectionate."

"What! What are you talking about, Maria?"

"That's right! Affectionate..."

"No, we were."

"Huh?"

"Hey, do you really not realize it?"

"What?"

"If you don't call that affectionate, what would your affection look like?"

"What, you mean..."

"Ahh..."

I don't want to know!

"Well, they have no sense of restraint."

"I mean, Shin was always the one who had to rein them in, and he was constantly aware of coordinating their actions."

"Shin was the one in control this time, which is unusual."

"He usually takes the lead and goes wild!"

To take the lead and go wild... I guess that's how it is.

"Oh, by the way, Wolford-kun, why aren't you feeling down?"

"That's true. What's wrong?"

"Oh, Shin, I feel responsible for all the things I did."

"Responsible? What do you mean?"

They asked me why I was feeling down, so I told them what I had heard from Aug earlier. About everyone's post-graduation paths already being determined.

"Oh, is that it? Julius and I knew about it."

"We heard it from His Highness."

"I see, Thor and Julius must have known."

"Really? So, does that mean the post-graduation paths are already decided?"

"Yeah, I'm sorry, but it seems to be like that..."

"Great! We're set for the future!"

"Alice?"

Alice's response was unexpected.

"But even if you say you're going to the Magic Academy, it doesn't mean your future is determined, right?"

"The Knight Academy for Squires is different; you go straight into military service after graduating."

"That academy is specialized in training officers to command soldiers. It's quite unique among higher education institutions. But the Magic Academy and the Economic Academy allow you to choose your post-graduation path."

"So, I'm sorry. They've decided everyone's paths without their consent..."

"Why? It's His Highness's personal unit, right? And it's in a completely separate category from the regular military. It's an extraordinary privilege! Most people would never get such a position."

"That's right; it's an exceptional privilege."

"It's amazing! I can be part of that too!"

"Unbelievable... My family would be thrilled."

Wait, everyone is happy about it?

"Is it really that great?"

"Wolford-kun, you don't seem to understand how amazing this is."

"No... I don't, that's why I'm asking..."

Then Lyn shrugged her shoulders and shook her head as if to say, "Oh well."

"The next Crown Prince's personal unit of the Arsheid Kingdom. Just that alone is already special treatment. Plus, it only acts in extraordinary circumstances, and there's also international monitoring... which means, there's a high likelihood they will be deployed in crises in other countries."

"Not only in the kingdom but in other countries too?"

"I'm even more sorry now..."

"We're going to become a special task force that saves the world. That alone has its charm."

"The romance of a special task force..."

Lyn sometimes says strange things!

"Plus, it means we can expect a pretty good salary!"

That's it! Oh, everyone's nodding!

"So... this means we're on the path to being elites?"

"That's what it seems like. Well, I'm glad I joined this research society."

"Absolutely! Meeting Shin is the luckiest thing that ever happened to me!"

"So, if everyone's okay with it, I guess I shouldn't be so down..."

"That's the spirit."

Hmm, even though I was feeling down, thinking that I had changed everyone's lives... no one seems to mind. In fact, they think it's lucky.

"Oh, but isn't Mark in a tough spot? There won't be a successor for his workshop."

"Ah, well, my dad is still active, so it won't be a problem even if my child becomes the successor."

"Are you going to pass it on to Mark's child?"

"Well, isn't that fine? There's already someone in the picture, right?"

"Haha, that's true. Olivia, you have a big responsibility, don't you?"

"Hey, Maria! Cecily!"

"Hmm, is it the same for Bean and Stone?"

"Oh, really? I had a feeling when you and Stone came out of the workshop together in the morning."

"Wow, Mark, well done."

"No, um, please don't tease me!"

So, Mark's situation doesn't seem to be a serious problem at the moment.

If, by any chance, there's an issue, I'm sure Aug would approve it. It's not like he'd let them roam freely.

"If we're going to become a special task force, I want to learn more and more magic. Specifically, Gate Magic."

"Lyn, you're all about that, huh?"

That's right. If we're going to become a special task force that saves the world, we need to get stronger, right?

"Shin... no matter how much I try to restrain you, there's a limit, you know? Don't think of anything too weird."

"Recently, I've been wondering if Aug can read my mind."

"No, it's not like that in your case..."

"It's because it shows on your face, right?"

"You haven't noticed? You had that look like you were up to something again."

What?! Everyone could tell?

"I mean, it's not something weird!"

"Then what is it?"

"No, if we're going to become a special task force that saves the world, do we need to get stronger? And..."

"That's why I said there's a limit!"

Aug unusually raised his voice.

While Shin and his group were discussing the future of the research society, Clyse's group, who were in the same team as Shin, approached the two downcast groups.

"You guys look pretty down."

"Of course we are... What's with that? We're not needed!"

One of them, who was in the same team as Alice, lamented.

"This guy kept rushing in without thinking, so we're all being treated as useless."

"Don't say that... I just didn't want to lose to him..."

"Isn't this a grudge because you lost to him over a girl?! Not even a girl you were dating or anything!"

"Well, you see..."

One of Tony's former rivals, who was in the same team as Tony, started crying.

"It was all because there were only girls in the team, and I wanted to show off... but they ended up showing their amazing sides..."

"Your reason for feeling down is quite pitiful."

"You're in no position to say that!"

Miranda scolded Clyse for his hypocritical statement.

"So, what happened with Clyse's group?"

"In our group, we had Wolford-kun."

"Shin=Wolford? That must have been tough..."

"But it was totally the opposite. Wolford-kun was considerate of us. But in the end, he took all the good parts and the girls. That's why all three of us are feeling down."

"Miranda! D-Don't say weird things!"

The knight academy students, who had never seen Clyse like this before, were wide-eyed.

Concerned about the situation, they asked what had happened in Clyse's group.

"So? What happened?"

"Oh, during the training... a tiger-type monster appeared..."

"A tiger?!"

"It was disaster class!!"

"And then, Wolford-kun easily defeated it, with a sword, of all things."

Miranda's statement caused a stir among the knight academy students.

"...Hey, isn't he the top student at the Magic Academy? How can he be skilled enough with a sword to defeat a tiger?"

"Wolford-kun's swordsmanship master is... Lady Michelle Corrington, it seems."

"Sword Saint Lady Michelle?!"

"Seriously?!"

"And there's a cute girl at the Magic Academy, you know? All three of us fell for her, but... it turns out she's Wolford-kun's girlfriend. They were all lovey-dovey along the way, so the three of us got jealous..."

"I-It's not jealousy! K-Knights naturally protect women!"

"There was another girl from the Magic Academy, right?"

"W-Well..."

"Anyway, in the end, we defeated a bear-type monster with just the students..."

"A bear?!"

"You guys are way ahead of us!"

"Well, in the end, we did deliver the final blow, but... Wolford-kun helped us at that time too..."

Perhaps remembering that moment, Clyse had a somewhat downcast expression.

Hearing this, the knight academy students looked sympathetically at Clyse.

"We couldn't do anything against the tiger-type monster, lost the girls, and had our lives saved..."

"Compared to that..."

"Yeah, we're still in a better position..."

"I didn't mean to encourage you like that..."

This time, Clyse was deeply disheartened.