a database schema
for an online merch store

On the night when I started dating Cecily, we eventually returned to our respective rooms.

The first kiss was postponed.

"Good morning, Shin."

"Good morning, Cecily."

The next morning, when I met Cecily in the dining room, she greeted me with a slightly different smile than before.

Just that alone made me feel warm.

"Hey, how long do you plan on staring at each other? We need to hurry, or breakfast will get cold."

We were locked in a gaze with Cecily until Augus made a comment.

Oh, right, I'm here to improve my magical skills. I can't get carried away with romance.

"All right, let's go, Cecily."

"Yes, Shin."

During breakfast, we discussed when to report to Mr. Cecil and Mrs. Irene. It was decided that we should go immediately after breakfast because there was a possibility that Mr. Cecil would go to work before we could inform him.

So, I opened a gate in the usual spare room and went to the Claude family mansion in the royal capital with Cecily.

When we knocked from the inside, one of the Claude family's servants opened the door.

"Oh? Mr. Wolford? Miss Cecily too. What on earth is going on?"

"No, it's just... I have something to discuss with my father and mother. Is my father still here?"

"Yes, I think he'll be leaving for work soon, though."

"Thank you."

Saying that, Cecily left the room and walked towards the dining room.

As for me, even though I knew the people I was visiting, I was extremely nervous about reporting our relationship.

"Shin, are you okay?"

"Ah, yeah. I'm just a little nervous..."

When I said that, Cecily came over to my side and held my hand.

"It's okay. My father and mother really like you, Shin. I'm sure they'll be happy."

"I hope so..."

Friends and lovers are different, after all... Cecily is the youngest and gets spoiled a lot, it seems...

While we were having this conversation, we arrived at the dining room. We let go of each other's hands and entered the dining room.

"Good morning, Father, Mother."

"Oh, good morning! Cecil, Irene."

I was nervous, and my voice trembled...

"Oh? Good morning, you two. I thought you were on a training camp."

"Good morning, Cecily, Shin. What's going on?"

Both of them looked at us with curious expressions.

Come on! I can't be nervous forever! I have to go with determination, even if I get scolded!

"Well, um, there's something I want to talk to both of you about."

"Talk?"

"Oh, really? What is it?"

Cecil still had a puzzled look on her face, but Irene seemed to sense something.

Taking a deep breath, I began to tell them about my relationship with Cecily.

"I'm in a relationship with Cecily, and we've come to inform you and seek your approval today."

Upon hearing that, Cecil froze, and Irene, who seemed to have sensed it, had a smile on her face.

Cecil remained frozen, and a silence so profound that you could hear the ticking of the clock enveloped the room.

"Shin..."

Finally, Cecil started to move and called my name as he stood up.

"Y-yes..."

As Cecil approached, I prepared myself for the possibility of being scolded.

"Shin!"

He embraced me tightly.

"Thank you! Thank you, Shin! Thank you for choosing Cecily!"

Instead of scolding me, he hugged me and expressed his gratitude.

"Oh my, you! But more importantly, congratulations, Cecily. Your wish has come true, hasn't it?"

"Thank you, Mother... and please don't say things like that in front of Shin!"

Irene also offered her congratulations. The servants applauded, and it was heartwarming to see everyone celebrating. Cecil was still hugging me.

"Oh, what a wonderful day this is! To hear such great news in the morning!"

Cecil finally let go.

"This is it! I can't be going to work on a day like this, can I?"

Just as I was thinking that, he brought up this topic.

"You...?"

Irene's voice sounded intimidating.

"No, well... on a day as auspicious as this, I should be preparing for the celebration..."

"We'll take care of that. You should go to work."

"But... I..."

"Go!"

"Yes!"

Irene was quite scary.

Her intimidating gaze then turned towards us.

"Shin?"

"Yes!"

I instinctively straightened my posture.

Irene's scary expression relaxed, and she spoke to me.

"Oh, I'm sorry, okay? It's just that our people can be foolish sometimes."

"No, it's fine!"

"Is that so? Well, there's something I need to ask Shin, is that okay?"

"Yes, what is it?"

Irene put on a serious expression.

"We are a noble family, even though I'm the third daughter. Being in a relationship with Cecily means considering the future."

"When you say 'the future'..."

"Marriage."

"Ma-marriage!"

"It's not going to happen right away, but Cecily is a noble family's daughter. We can't let you date her without an engagement."

Cecily seemed flustered, but I had expected this.

In this country, including the royal family and nobility, it is a one-spouse system. Therefore, those belonging to such a lineage should marry as soon as possible and produce many children. Although noble families in this country allow for relatively free romantic relationships, it is rare for parents to arrange marriages, and relationships are not as casual as they are among commoners. Therefore, dating a noble, especially a female one, implies a commitment to marriage.

I had prepared for this because Aug had told me yesterday, "That's what it means to date a noble's daughter."

Aug can occasionally be helpful.

"...It seems you were prepared for this, didn't you?"

"Yes."

"Shin..."

"This is part of the report as well. I'm a commoner, so I was worried they might not approve..."

Yes, that had been a concern. While noble free love is accepted, it mostly involves nobles, and it's quite common for relationships with commoners to be opposed. In my previous life in Japan, there were many who would criticize someone based on their family background, even if they weren't nobility. In this world with a nobility system, it was even more of a concern.

When I voiced my concerns, for some reason, Irene, Cecil, and even the servants burst into laughter.

"Shin, are you seriously saying that?"

"Huh?"

"It seems like he's serious, don't you think, dear?"

"Yeah, it might be hard for him to realize when it concerns himself. Listen, Shin, your grandparents were legendary heroes in this country."

"That seems to be the case."

"They were revered by people all over... no, all over the world. You're already a new hero who has achieved so much that you received a commendation. Without His Majesty's words at the commendation ceremony, there might have been countless marriage proposals, not only from nobles but also from royal families of various countries."

"Oh..."

Royalty... that could have been quite troublesome. I need to thank Uncle Dis for that.

"...You may not fully understand, but if it were true, you would be the kind of person we would want to propose marriage to, even if we had to lower our heads. What reason could there be to oppose someone like you who says they want to make our child their partner?"

The people around all nodded.

"Besides, Shin, you not only care for Cecily but also worry about us. I've been hoping that you would be the one to become Cecily's partner."

"That's right. We often talked about it."

"So, we're here to celebrate you two."

"Once that's decided, we need to prepare for the celebration!"

"Oh, that's why you came this morning?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, actually, preparations for the celebration have already begun at the Claude family mansion in Claude's city. They said they would celebrate after today's training. So, I wanted to report to Cecil before he went to work..."

"I see, I apologize for making you go through the trouble."

"No, it's okay. After your work, we'll come to pick you up, so don't make any other plans, okay?"

"Of course! Even if I receive a summons from His Majesty, I'll cancel and come back!"

"You... you better go!"

"Huh? But..."

"Y-O-U?"

"Yes."

Cecil looked dejected.

"Don't worry, we can have Dis come then."

"Is that so!?"

"Uncle Dis..."

"Shin, His Majesty and I have a relationship like that of an uncle and nephew. I was also surprised when I first saw you at your house. I've never seen a king like that."

"Prince August and I also have a close relationship... What were you really worried about?"

"Well, it's a bit different from that..."

"Anyway, Shin, can you send our servants to the estate in the territory?"

"Yes, of course."

"What about your work?"

...

"Oh!"

Cecil looked at the clock, frozen, and then exclaimed, "I'm in trouble! I'm already running late!"

"Cecil, is your workplace at the royal castle?"

"Yeah, it is, but..."

"In that case, I'll take you there."

"Really? That would be a huge help!"

I connected the gate to the usual guard station and tossed in the bell. It was an unexpected visit, but it should be fine.

Then, the two of us went through the gate.

"...This magic is really convenient."

"Huh? Mr. Wolford? What are you doing at this hour?"

I was greeted by one of the guards who had become a familiar face over the past few days due to my daily visits.

"Good morning. I, um, came to give her father a ride."

"Her father?"

"Hey, good morning."

"This is Lord Claude! Good morning!"

"Sorry, I was running a bit late, so I asked him to give me a ride."

"I see. So... her father is..."

"Well, my daughter is dating him."

"What! Congratulations!"

"Well, thank you. So, Shin, I'll see you tonight."

"I'll come for the regular report before dinner, so is it okay if I come here?"

"Sure, I understand. Well, I'm off."

"Have a safe trip."

As I was seeing Cecil off and about to return, one of the guards muttered to himself.

"That... he's really bragging about it."

Is it really okay to spread the news like this? Will Irene get angry again?

With those worries in mind, when I returned to the Claude mansion, the servants were already prepared and waiting.

"Alright, Shin, please."

"Understood."

This time, I connected the gate to the Claude city estate.

And then, Irene and the servants hesitantly went through the gate.

"It really is the Claude city estate..."

"Madam!?"

The servants at the Claude city estate raised their voices.

They were probably surprised because they were expecting us to arrive in the evening.

"It's been a while. We heard that today is a celebration for Shin and Cecily, so we brought our servants."

"Thank you! This is a big help!"

"Maybe... our lord has been bragging a lot at his workplace. If it reaches His Majesty's ears, he might come too. So, be prepared with that in mind."

"H-His Majesty!?"

"It seems like Shin has a pretty close relationship with him, so he might come."

"I see. I'll prepare with all my might!"

"We're counting on you!"

"Yes!"

Irene is amazing. She seems to completely understand Cecil's actions.

...Is Cecil going to be okay?

"Welcome back, Shin."

I looked in the direction of the voice, and everyone was gathered.

"Ah, sorry, just wait a moment. I'll prepare soon. Let's go, Cecily."

"Yes."

After preparing for the training, we returned to the group and opened a gate to the wilderness.

Gates are really coming in handy today.

Ellie and May also wanted to watch and came along.

In the morning, it was once again Grandpa's training in magic control, but an unexpected fact came to light here.

May had the aptitude to be a magician.

Ellie already knew that she didn't have the aptitude, so she quietly observed. However, after seeing everyone training, May started trying to control magic on her own, imitating what she had seen.

"Wow, that's amazing!"

"Oh, this is quite something. It seems May has the aptitude to be a magician."

"May, even though I told you not to interfere."

"Well, it's fine, isn't it? I'll watch over May, so the two of you go and receive Merlin's training."

In the end, during Grandpa's magic control training, May ended up being taken care of by Grandma, who had free hands.

"Starting this training now... you might become an amazing magician."

"I can't lose. I'll do my best."

"Lynn! You're collecting too many! It might go out of control!"

"Huh? I messed up."

After starting this training since entering the Advanced Academy, everyone who had started training at the age of ten felt a sense of crisis that they might be surpassed by May, who was just starting, and put even more effort into their training.

Yeah, it was unexpected, but this is a good trend.

After lunch, we had practical training in the afternoon.

Ellie and May, who saw our magic for the first time, were amazed and astounded.

"I can't believe it... What is this magic?"

"Wow! Everyone is amazing!"

Maybe being praised by May helped boost their self-esteem, as everyone was in a good mood during training.

...But competing with a ten-year-old...

After the practical training, it was time for my magic experiment. Everyone was already prepared to activate their magical barriers at any moment.

...I still wonder about everyone's evaluation.

"Hey, this time it's not that dangerous..."

"Really?"

"...It's not an offensive magic."

"I see, then we should be fine."

Huh? As soon as they realized it wasn't offensive magic, everyone's tension melted away.

"Well, I was getting nervous about what kind of danger awaited us this time!"

"Yes, it's true. This is the most tense part of this training camp."

...I really wonder how I'm being evaluated.

Starting magic preparations again, feeling down from everyone's heartless reactions.

The magic I wanted to try this time completely ignored the physical laws within my knowledge, and it was inspired by the magic that Strom used.

First, I picked up a stone at my feet and applied magic to it.

The magic I was trying was "levitation magic."

Presumably, Strom used levitation magic purely with the power of imagination, regardless of physical laws. Levitation magic hadn't been used so far probably because there wasn't enough magical power for it.

After becoming a magical being and gaining the ability to use abundant magical power, the imagination for levitation must have been activated.

So, with my current level of magical control, I thought that I could use levitation magic with just the power of imagination.

First, I gathered magical power, more than I would use for previous spells.

"Hey... Are you sure it's safe?"

"The amount of magical power you're gathering is extraordinary... What are you planning?"

"A-Are you really sure it's not dangerous?"

It's okay, because it's not an offensive magic.

Next, I began to imagine, and what I came up with was "anti-gravity."

I had no idea about the principle, but I imagined the power to repel gravity and make objects float. The result was...

"Oh, I did it! It worked!"

The stone imbued with levitation magic floated in the air. I was currently imagining a force equivalent to gravity, but if I imagined a force stronger than gravity, the stone started to ascend.

As for lateral movement, I could substitute it with wind magic. Now, it was time to try it on myself.

I had gathered the necessary amount of magical power during the previous experiment, so I collected the required magical power and imagined anti-gravity.

"Hey... What's going on?"

"Shin is... floating in the air..."

"Huh? Isn't that... the one Strom used?"

"Back then, according to Shin-dono's gestures, he shouldn't have been able to use levitation magic..."

"Have you already developed it?"

"You never cease to amaze us with your unconventional magic."

It seemed like the people below were saying something, but their voices didn't reach me, so I didn't know what they were talking about. They were probably making some heartless remarks anyway.

Ignoring all of them, I activated wind magic to move around. Thanks to anti-gravity, I could easily maneuver through the air. This was so much fun!

Additionally, this would be a useful asset in countering Strom, who could move through the air. This had been a worthwhile experiment.

"Shin, you've created another unbelievable magic..."

"Really? Strom used it too, right? I thought of it as a countermeasure against that."

"Shin-kun... that's amazing..."

"It's amazing! Shin Onii-chan, you're amazing!"

"Indeed... this place is truly extraordinary."

Shisiri praised me with glistening eyes, and May-chan expressed her joy innocently. Everyone should learn from their purity!

"Don't include me with this idiotic couple."

"Don't call us an idiotic couple!"

"We are an idiotic couple."

"The parties involved don't necessarily feel that way."

"That's probably true."

Darn it... is that so?

"Couple..."

Shisiri was blushing and fidgeting.

On the other hand, May-chan looked at everyone with a curious expression.

"Why is everyone making such faces?"

"May, do you understand what this magic is all about?"

"I get it! Amazing! You can freely fly in the sky!"

"Well, that's true, but..."

"Shin Onii-chan, I want to fly in the sky too!"

"N-No, May-hime-sama, you can't!"

"Why not?"

Maria tried desperately to discourage May-chan's desire to fly.

"Because if you fly now..."

"If I fly, then what?"

"Your panties will be completely visible!"

...Indeed, all the women here are wearing skirts.

Phew! I'm glad I didn't invite Shisiri and May-chan to the levitation magic earlier!

"Ah! I forgot!"

I chuckled as May-chan clutched her head.