

Today, I've come to the forest with my grandpa.

Hello, I turned ten years old. I'm Shin.

I've also grown taller. Come to think of it, I never told you what my appearance is like in this current life...

It's a bit late, but I have black hair, black eyes, and my facial features are somewhat Western-like, not the smooth and featureless face of a typical Japanese person. I don't look like a common pretty boy or someone with delicate features. I'm not sure about the beauty standards in this world, so who knows.

Anyway, black hair and black eyes are quite normal here, so there's no discrimination or persecution. That's right.

At some point, when my appearance became relatively stable, my grandpa said, "It's about time you learn how to hunt monsters," so it's my first time hunting monsters.

Until now, I've only hunted 'animals.' Humans are also considered animals. And in this world where magic prevails, animals can benefit from magic.

However, if you excessively absorb magic and fail to control it, you turn into a monster.

When you become a monster, you start using magic excessively, like rabbits and boars. This applies to humans as well.

Fortunately, humans have the ability to control magic at will, so it rarely happens. But there have been cases in the past.

Without self-awareness, they rampage using magic, and several towns and villages were destroyed, and one country was on the brink of collapse.

At that time, it was my grandpa who defeated the human who had turned into a monster, generally referred to as a 'demon.' My grandpa used to tell this story as one of his proud moments from the past.

So, even now, in that country, my grandpa is treated as a hero. By the way, I learned this from Michelle.

So, I'm making my monster hunting debut with my grandpa.

Based on my previous practice with magic, martial arts training, and the development of equipment through the production of magical tools, as well as my hunting achievements for daily sustenance, it was judged that I'm ready to start hunting monsters.

That's why we've come deeper into the forest than our usual hunting grounds.

"Grandpa, how do we find and hunt only monsters? There are lots of other animals here too."

"Ho ho, well then, let me teach you how to find monsters," he said and explained how to do it.

First, the most noticeable thing is the eyes that have turned completely red. It's not just the white part but even the pupils that are red, which creates an intense feeling of unease. And there's an overwhelmingly suffocating amount of magic.

This is a monster.

Suppressing the surging fear, I hold the Vibration Swords on both sides of my waist with both hands. Then...

"GWOOOOOOOOOO!!!!"

The bear roared with open hostility.

"!!?"

I almost falter for a moment but regain my composure and activate the Jet Boots. I also channel magic through the Vibration Swords and jump away from the spot.

"Wait, Shin!!"

Grandpa, who had been silent until now, shouts, but it's already too late. I've already jumped out.

The bear swings down its right arm towards me as I charge in.

Just before, I evade by jetting to the side.

"Doga!!!!"

With a tremendous sound, the ground explodes.

The ground looks like a small crater has formed.

While sweating profusely at the sight, I circle around behind the bear and leap toward its head.

No matter how big and violent a monster is, if I get a clean hit on the neck, it won't survive!

As I was about to swing down the Vibration Sword, the bear rotates its body and swings its left arm.

I quickly activate the Jet Boots and leap over the bear's head.

Damn, it's using body enhancement. It's unbelievably agile. What should I do? For now, that arm is in the way.

Just as I think that, it swings down its right arm again.

It's relentless. Thinking this, I leap forward this time, not to the side. Then, I swing the Vibration Sword up from the base of its descending right arm.

With a sharp cut, the right arm separates from the bear's body.

"GWAAAAAAA!!!!"

The bear lets out a cry of agony as it swings down its left arm again.

I avoid the left arm and cut it from the base once more. Then, I circle around to the back of the bear and leap toward its head.

"There's nothing left to interfere with!!"

I shout while flashing my Vibration Sword towards its neck. The bear's head separates from its body with a loud thud.

"Doo!!" The bear falls.

Phew, I managed to defeat it.

So, this is a monster, huh? It was definitely more troublesome than the animals I usually deal with, especially with their use of magic.

Well, but for the first time hunting monsters, I think I did it quite well, right? With that thought, I turn to grandpa, who was standing there open-mouthed in amazement.

Huh? What? Did I do something wrong?

"Grandpa?"

"Oh? Oh, sorry, I was spacing out for a moment."

"Was that okay? I didn't fail, did I?"

"Oh, of course not. You did it perfectly, as good as it gets."

"Really!?"

Oh yeah! My first successful monster hunting.

"Let's go back home then. I'm getting hungry."

"Ho ho, sure. Let's head home."

And so, we finished our first monster hunt and made our way back home.

"...I never imagined it would be so... enjoyable..."

Grandpa mutters something behind me, but I can't make it out over the sound of the wind.

I wonder what he's thinking? Maybe he's considering the next training content?

While I'm pondering that, we arrive home, and I go to bed as usual.

In the middle of the night when Shin had fallen asleep, the mentors - Merlin, Merida, and Michelle's teachers - gathered in the living room of the house.

"What?! The Red Grizzly turned into a monster of all things!?" Merida raises her voice.

"That's right. When I sensed the magic, I couldn't believe it," Merlin adds.

"And Shin instantaneously defeated that monsterfied Red Grizzly..."

A silence falls among Merlin and the others.

"Who is that kid? His progress in learning magic is extraordinary, and he reluctantly keeps up with Michelle's martial training. His Enchantment Magic even uses an original language. Even if he claims to come from another world, it's hard to believe," Merida delivers a statement that hits the nail on the head.

However, they don't know that Shin carries the memories of his previous life spent in another world.

"Well, whoever he is, it doesn't matter. He calls me 'grandpa,' and he's absorbing all the magic I've mastered. Although he started as an adopted child, he's a real grandson to me now. I can't help but think he's adorable. Becoming strong will be about protecting himself. There's no issue here," Merlin makes a heartwarming statement. Merida and Michelle look at him in disbelief.

"Who would have thought that you, who's been called the 'Destruction God' or 'Pyromancer,' would say something like that..."

"Um... could you please stop using that nickname? It brings back some embarrassing memories from my youth..."

It seems that this grandpa had quite a wild side in his younger days.

"Hehe, but now I'm known as the 'Sage' and 'Hero'."

"Yeah, you can really feel the passage of time."

"...And that's also embarrassing, so I'd appreciate it if you stopped..."

As Merida teases Merlin, she suddenly lets out a few words.

"Well, I feel the same way about that kid. When he calls me 'granny,' I can't help but smile. I also consider him my grandson, you know?"

A subtle atmosphere lingers between Merlin and Merida. While it doesn't seem like they've noticed it, Michelle speaks up.

"However, to have grown enough to defeat a monsterfied Red Grizzly single-handedly... It seems like we should step up the training in the future."

She starts discussing the matter as usual.

"Well... that kid's in for some tough training. It's a disaster to be liked by such a hothead."

Merida mutters, showing concern for her grandson.

"Ho ho, he'll need to toughen up."

Merlin states as usual.

Unbeknownst to Shin, the upgrade in training had been decided.