 spreadsheet formula
to convert a date to the weekday

After observing a wedding at the Darm Cathedral, we explored the capital of the Darm Kingdom and visited several churches.

Every church had a historic feel, and it seemed like everyone was satisfied.

"That was amazing," we were discussing our impressions of the churches we had visited in a dining hall where we had just finished our lunch.

"This country is famous for its churches. I wonder what other countries are known for?"

I didn't even know about Arlsheid, let alone other major countries, and I hadn't learned about smaller countries in the Magic Academy, so I didn't even know their names.

"That's true. Next, we'll visit the Karnan Kingdom, which is famous for its textiles."

"They are known for their livestock. It seems like they have more sheep than the population of the kingdom."

"Sometimes those sheep turn into monsters, so I heard that shepherds have to be strong!"

"Macho shepherds..."

It seemed like Lyn had found something amusing, as she couldn't contain her laughter and her shoulders were shaking.

"The wool from those monster sheep is imbued with magic, so it's used for armor."

"There are also a lot of dishes made from sheep."

"Oh, everyone seems to know a lot about it."

"Seems like Shin doesn't know much."

"Well, after all, Wolforde was a loner until recently..."

"...I'm starting to find these sympathetic looks from everyone annoying..."

It seems like she heard a lot from her grandma during the training camp. Apparently, she used to be really into playing by herself when she was a child... I didn't think much of it back then, but now that I'm receiving sympathy, it makes me feel like I had a lonely childhood.

"I didn't really feel lonely, though."

"But in exchange, we got a sheltered country bumpkin."

"Now you've made friends with everyone, so it's all good, right?"

"Yeah, I've achieved one of my goals in academy life."

"Goal?"

"Making friends."

(All silent)

Huh? The sympathetic looks again?

"What's wrong? You all look like you're at a funeral."

Feeling uncomfortable with their pitying gazes, Oug appeared after the meeting.

"Hey, you must be tired. How was the meeting?"

"The Swede Kingdom matter had already been reported, so they eagerly accepted my proposal."

"I see. So, are the other two countries similar?"

"We probably won't. They said they received information via communication devices from the ambassadors in Arlsheid, so it's certain that the other two countries have the information as well."

"Then, it shouldn't be too difficult."

"Ah, by the way, what happened to everyone?"

"Well... this all started when they asked about my goals in my academy life."

"Goals? Like understanding common sense? Although, I've been challenging common sense more than understanding it..."

"No, not that! It's about making friends."

(All silent)

Huh? Even Oug, who was supposed to have had no friends like me, is receiving sympathetic looks now?

"Don't compare me to you. While I didn't have equal friends, I had Thor and Julius, and I knew many other acquaintances."

"Lonely like Shin..."

"Indeed, we sympathize."

"Thor and Julius too!"

"Just so you know, I was busy practicing magic and making magical tools, so I didn't feel lonely!"

"All alone..."

"Shin, I'll be with you from now on!"

Sisily was fervently asserting that... I really wasn't lonely, though...

"I learned magic from my grandfather, magical tool crafting from my grandmother, got beat up by Michelle-san, and went hunting in between. And when I came back, Zig-nii-chan and Chris-neechan were having a fight. I didn't have time to feel lonely."

"What a dream-like environment!"

"Indeed... in such an environment, there's no time to feel lonely, isn't there?"

"Wow... Shin is amazing!"

Finally, they seem to have understood.

With this, if I were to be lonely, it would be my grandfather and grandmother's fault. I can't accept that.

"Now that everyone understands, let's decide on what to do next. Oug, we've already toured the tourist spots, so what do you want to do? Shall Ellie and I explore the town?"

"Hmm... Ellie, what do you think?"

"Absolutely! Please, I'd love to!"

"Yeah, alright. So, Oug and Ellie will do that. What about the escorts?"

"Do you think I'm needed at this point?"

Oh, he said it with confidence.

"Okay, then, you two have fun."

"Hehe... a date... our first date... hehehe."

Oh, Ellie is grinning. After all, they're a prince and a duchess. Normally, they wouldn't have a chance to be alone.

"What about the others?"

"We'll be touring the town with just the girls. We want to buy some souvenirs."

"Um... I..."

"Olivia, you want to be with Mark, right? You won't be a bother."

"I-I'm sorry."

"Don't apologize... it makes me feel bad."

Looks like another gloomy atmosphere has developed.

"What about Thor and Julius?"

"His Highness said we don't need an escort, so shall we explore the town together?"

"Is that alright, Lord Freyd?"

"Lord Freyd thought you might be heading off to pick up someone."

"What's the point of hitting on someone during a group trip? We have to return to the inn at night, right?"

In other words, Tony will only hit on someone if he's traveling alone.

And he won't be coming back at night.

"May-chan, would you like to come with us?"

"Is it okay? I mean, won't I be in the way?"

"You're using the child card..."

"That's right, May-hime-sama. Let's go together."

"Okay!"

We decided to go for free time afterward, and after Oug's group, who joined us later, finished their lunch, everyone headed out to explore the town individually.

"Shall we go too?"

"Yes."

"Yes!"

We strolled through the town again. We had visited a lot of churches earlier, so this time, we were going to explore souvenir shops and street vendors. Meanwhile, May-chan held our hands, looking really happy.

"Hehe, you seem to be having a great time, May-hime-sama."

"Yes! I've never held hands and walked around the town like this!"

She's a princess, after all. She can't casually stroll through the town.

"May-chan, have you ever toured the capital with your friends from the academy or something?"

"Yes, I have. But all my friends are from noble families. It was my dream to freely explore the town. I can brag about it to everyone!"

Come to think of it, when Oug and I first walked around the capital, he had a similar reaction.

"Did you hold hands?"

"Don't say something so creepy!"

"Ahaha..."

"Hahaha! That's so creepy!"

Overall, we had a fun time exploring the town. But then...

"Hey, there's a crowd over there."

"You're right. I wonder what's going on?"

While strolling through the town, we noticed a commotion in the distance. Curious, we approached to see what was happening.

"You! Acting all high and mighty just because we approached you!"

"Huh? How am I acting high and mighty?"

"That face... trying to hit on us... that's impossible!"

"Right, no way this can happen..."

"Unbelievable."

"You guys..."

Our women were at the center of a commotion.

I was wondering what was going on, but it seemed that they were being approached for a pickup, and when they rejected the advances, the men got angry.

"Oh no! The big sisters are in trouble!"

"Well, not exactly..."

"...Those men are in trouble, aren't they..."

Even in the capital of Arlsheid, attacking magic wasn't allowed in public.

But for self-defense...

"Now, before witnessing a tragedy, should we go somewhere else?"

"That sounds like a good idea. How about checking out souvenirs for our grandfathers?"

"Sounds good. May-chan, are you going to buy souvenirs for Uncle Dis and your mom?"

"Huh? Um... is it okay to leave them alone?"

"It's fine."

"Eeek!"

Uh-oh, she was about to resort to extreme measures... We heard a scream, which seemed to be coming from the men they were dealing with.

"Oh dear..."

"Maria and the others, if they could be a bit more ladylike..."

"Haha..."

They're all cute, so they probably get hit on a lot, but the way they turn down advances... well, it's not surprising that it would make guys angry.

Since it was a group of girls, I was worried that calling out to them might lead to unnecessary trouble, so we quietly left the scene.

"Oh, is that Mark and Olivia?"

"They seem to get along well."

"They're even holding arms!"

This time, we spotted Mark and Olivia.

Like other couples in the city, they were walking around with their arms linked.

They were acting naturally, like a classic couple, and since they've been friends for a long time, they seemed like a good reference for how to behave in a relationship.

"Oh, it's Big Brother and Ellie, right?"

"Oh, hehe, Ellie looks so happy."

"That's right."

We also saw Oug and Ellie, but Ellie seemed genuinely happy. It was a good call to leave them alone. They're also childhood friends, and their behavior seemed natural, but given their unusual backgrounds, I wonder if it would cause quite a stir if people found out they were the Crown Prince of another country and a Duchess.

Since everyone seemed to be having a good time, I didn't want to disturb them, so we continued exploring the city, bought souvenirs for our grandfathers, and were thinking about heading back to the inn when we once again spotted a crowd.

"I wonder if it's Maria and the others again?"

"What are we going to do?"

I thought Maria and the others were involved again, but Maria herself called out to us.

"Huh? Maria?"

"Then, what about that crowd over there?"

If it wasn't Maria and the others, who could it be?

Thinking that, we approached and...

"Hey! We called out to them first, you know!?"

"What are you talking about? We did!"

"Don't mess around! It was us!"

"Hey... um... could you please stop fighting..."

"We want to go back to our inn..."

"Enough is enough!"

"All of you, be quiet!"

"Yes!"

Tony and the others were at the center of the commotion. Street girls, older sisters, and hunter-like individuals were arguing.

... Why do we keep getting involved in trouble one after another?

It seemed that Tony and the others were also hit on, but there was an argument about which group had approached them first.

The intentions of each group were quite clear...

"...Let's just leave them be."

"Right... managing nine women would be too much."

"They know who they're after, so they should each split off to their respective groups."

"That's impossible, isn't it?"

"Why?"

"It's a matter of female pride."

What kind of pride is that?

"They'll probably come running back eventually. Let's head back to the inn."

"Agreed."

Sorry, Tony, Thor, and Julius...

I couldn't save you...

"Don't leave us!"

Damn... I'm sorry... all three of you...

I don't have the courage to intervene in women's battles!

With the cries of Tony and the others who noticed us, I forcibly turned away.

"Being with Shin and the others is always so interesting!"

May-chan had started saying things like that.

... How should I explain this to Uncle Dis?

As I pondered these thoughts while heading back to the inn...

"Hey, what's up with that guy..."

"They're all cute..."

"S-Six of them!"

At the moment, there were six girls with us...

Moreover, they were all different types of beautiful girls...

It almost looked like I was attending to them...

"Hehe!"

"Hey! Alice!"

Alice, who found it amusing to receive the glances of single men, clung to my left arm, which was free.

"Damn! Damn you!"

"Die! Explode and die!"

"It's because there are guys like that that we don't get any girls!"

Well, the last one might be different...

"Alice, did you also want to link arms with Shin, big brother?"

"No, it's not like that. I just found the reactions around me amusing."

"Alice, could you please stop fooling around?"

"Ugh! I-I'm sorry!"

S-Sisley's smile is scary...

"Shin, is something wrong?"

"N-No, it's nothing."

"I see. Then, let's head back to the inn."

Somehow... Irene's intensity is starting to come out...

Will I become like Cecil one day?

"Big brother, you look like dad when he's scolded by mom!"

Maybe I should stop saying such accurate things, May-chan...

In the end, despite getting involved in various troubles, our exploration of the Darm Kingdom concluded, and we all returned to the inn.

"You're late. What were you doing?"

"Oh, were you all together?"

"Welcome back. Dinner will be served shortly."

"Huh? Weren't you all together, Freid-kun?"

We were approached by Oug and the others who had returned earlier.

The inn's meals were served in the dining room, so Oug and the others were there since dinner was almost ready.

"Oh, we just met up on the way back. We had separate plans during the day."

"Tony and the others... they'll probably be back soon."

When Maria said that, Tony and the others rushed into the inn.

"Hey! You guys are terrible! Leaving us behind!"

"That's right! You're all heartless!"

"We went through a lot..."

Tony and the others found us and began berating us...

"In that case, can you guys... jump into the middle of a conflict between nine women?"

"Well... t-that's..."

That's right, it's impossible.

"...I couldn't do it..."

"...Yeah, you're right. Sorry for getting angry..."

"No... I wanted to help too... I'm sorry..."

"Lord Shin, I also overreacted... It's true, that situation was impossible..."

"I was truly terrified..."

We consoled each other as if we were licking each other's wounds from the terrifying events we had just encountered.

"Instead of lingering around here, you should sit down. You might be bothering other customers."

Oug, who wasn't present at the scene, intervened.

Damn, he didn't witness what happened...

"More importantly, what's this about Shin not being able to handle it?"

"Yeah, Tony and the others were reverse-nan'ed earlier..."

I said that and looked at Tony and the others.

"We were just the three of us, going around trying different food stalls, picking souvenirs for our families and girlfriends."

"When we were thinking about heading back soon, we were approached."

"All three of us were approached at the same time."

"And each of us was approached by a group of three girls... They started arguing over who approached us first."

"The intensity of their argument was incredible... Eventually, the women started fighting each other..."

"...Women can be such terrifying creatures..."

They started fighting!?!? Did it really escalate to that after we left!?

"You... you managed to escape quite well..."

"While they were fighting, we..."

"We used the flash magic that Lord Shin taught us..."

"We used full-body reinforcement magic to escape..."

It was a great escape...

"We went through a lot..."

"I'm truly grateful that Lord Shin taught us magic."

I didn't teach you magic for this kind of situation...

"I love girls, but I didn't want to see them like that..."

Tony sighed and mumbled.

"But I thought that if it was you, Freid-kun, you must have experienced one or two crazy situations like that!"

"That's a misunderstanding, Miss Corner."

"Oh, I'm sorry... I assumed too much..."

"Just because I manage to handle these situations doesn't mean they're my preferred experience!"

"Give me back my apology!"

She's going to stab me eventually... for real...

"Sigh... why do we always get dragged into trouble? You guys too."

"But Maria and the others were also being hit on, right?"

"Ah! Y-You saw that?"

"I only heard about the part where they repelled them."

"Are you guys like that too...? Is Shin's trouble-prone nature contagious?"

"...It might be..."

"I've never encountered such troubles until now."

"Me neither!"

"Me either. There's a lot of excitement."

"Huh? You're kidding, right? It's not my fault, is it?"

"...?"

Huh? What's going on? Seriously? Wait, didn't Maria get involved in a similar kind of trouble when we first met?

"I mentioned it earlier, but I also try to avoid these kinds of troubles... Even if it's an accident, it seems that these things keep happening."

"This is my first time experiencing something like this."

"I, too, have never been reverse-nan'ed before."

Oh, wait... has the atmosphere become even worse now?

"Well, it seems like trouble finds us more easily because of Shin. Everyone, from now on, be careful with that in mind."

"Yes!"

...Is it okay if I cry now?

"I-It's okay, Shin. I don't think that way."

"Shishirly..."

Shishirly's kindness really touches the heart...

"Being with Shin, there's always something interesting happening, right?"

And May's innocent comment just tugs at your heart...