 with concepts
for a retro-style arcade game

"From the day after we defeated the monsters, Michelle-san's training upgraded again.

Why?

And Grandpa and Grandma Merida's behavior has been strange as well. There's this subtle tension in the air.

Why?

After spending a somewhat confusing day, Grandpa approached me when I got out of the bath I made after learning the bestowed magic.

"Shin, can I talk to you for a moment?"

"What is it, Grandpa?"

"I have something to tell you."

"Hmm."

By the way, Grandma and Michelle-san have already left. They often seem to be around, but they rarely stay overnight, and they don't come every day.

In this situation, Grandpa and I began our conversation.

"Actually, Shin, I want to talk about your background."

"My background?"

I wonder if he's going to tell me the story of when he found me.

"Actually, you're not my real grandson."

"Huh?"

...Sorry, I already knew that.

"I'm sorry... for keeping it a secret all this time."

"No... that's not a big deal..."

For now, let's go along with the conversation.

"So... if I'm not your real grandson, why am I living with you, Grandpa?"

"That was nine years ago. I happened to be walking on the highway to a nearby town to buy some things. It started raining, and I took shelter in a nearby forest by chance."

"Rain..."

Come to think of it, it was raining that day too.

"Then... I found a carriage that seemed to have come earlier, and it appeared to have been attacked by monsters. It was a terrible sight."

Monsters... an attacked carriage... I could somehow imagine it.

"The area was littered with the wreckage of the destroyed carriage and... well, the bodies of people who had been devoured. There was no sign of anyone still alive, so I thought I should at least pay my respects and approached the scene. Then... I heard a baby's cry coming from among the wreckage of the carriage."

After saying that much, Grandpa stared at me.

"I hurriedly looked for the source of the cry. And... the baby I found was..."

"That was me..."