

Now, we have come to the royal castle.

I'm here to report the conditions for the production of the magic stones I just deciphered.

"What... there were such conditions for the production of magic stones..."

"Indeed, magic stones are excavated from mines near volcanoes or mines near large faults. I had no idea..."

"Speaking of which, Shin, why did you notice that?"

In the royal castle's meeting room, there were Dis-ojisan, Rupa Oruguran, the head of the Orugran Magic Division, and Org. The head of the Orugran Division is here because he is in charge of matters related to magic. Managing magic stones is also the work of the Magic Division.

By the way, today, he's dressed more formally than when I saw him at the security team's station. One wouldn't want to appear disheveled in front of the king.

Here, there are three of us: me, grandpa, and grandma. Sisily and Maria are playing with Mei-chan and Ellie in Org's room.

"There's something I need to talk to you about related to that... It's something serious."

"Merida, you have such a serious expression... I'm afraid to hear it."

"Why Shin found the conditions for the generation of magic stones."

"...I'm really scared..."

Dis-ojisan and Org's faces tense up. Only the head of the Orugran Division looks puzzled.

"Your Majesty, Your Highness, why do you have such nervous expressions? Isn't this a report of a great discovery of the century?"

"I see... Rupa doesn't know about Shin's eccentricity..."

"The magic you saw at the security team's station was just the tip of the iceberg. If you knew about Shin's eccentricity... there might be some incredible information mixed into this report."

"That was just the tip of the iceberg!? Is that so?"

Org also starts to get nervous.

Leaving Org, who is bewildered, Grandma starts her report.

"It all began when Shin received a magic stone from the academy. It was when Shin, who didn't know about the existence of magic stones until then, became interested in them."

"Shin became interested..."

"Father?"

Dis-ojisan suddenly looked puzzled, so Org called out to him.

"Didn't I tell you about when Shin was little?"

"Yes, at Claude's mansion."

"What I meant is, his interest doesn't wane until it's solved... The same thing happened this time."

"Yes!"

With just one word from grandma, Orguran, the head of the Magic Division, fell silent.

...Even the top magician in the country can't go against grandma.

"We formulated a hypothesis, executed it, and proved it. As a result, we confirmed that this is the condition for the generation of magic stones."

"It's more surprising to learn about the process of the experiment rather than the discovery of the conditions for magic stone generation."

"You... even though I told you to restrain yourself..."

"Well... I won't distribute artificially created magic stones. But this is something that is absolutely necessary."

"Is it for that?"

"Yes."

It's necessary to create a wireless communication device.

I have other plans in mind as well.

"Well... anyway, I can't disclose the detailed conditions for the generation of magic stones. We'll have to conduct several investigations and then publicly announce that 'the rate of excavating magic stones is high deep underground near volcanoes or faults.' From the current excavation data, it was discovered by Shin and proven by the Magic Division."

"Huh? You're mentioning my name?"

"In reality, it was Shin who discovered it, isn't it? The name 'Demon Lord Shin' has already become quite famous up to this point. Even if you add another achievement, it won't make that much of a difference."

It's all thanks to Dis-ojisan that the name has become well-known!

"Besides, who discovered it and how will be investigated. You can't just say that magic stones were artificially created. And if the discoverer is Shin, he might be targeted. They might harm you... but it all sounds like a fairy tale to me."

"Rupa, you're busy with monster extermination, but please investigate the magic stones. If possible, I want you to supervise and hire people to conduct excavations in places that meet the conditions mentioned earlier."

"There are individuals in the Magic Division who are not suitable for combat, so I will oversee them and hire people for the investigation."

"Yes, if this is proven, it could be a groundbreaking discovery for this country... no, for this world. I'm counting on you."

"Yes!"

"Also, Shin, you must not speak to anyone about your ability to create magic stones."

"I doubt anyone would believe it, but... I understand."

I feel bad for my older sisters, who said they were busy with monster extermination and ended up with extra work.

"This might change the magic tool situation in this world."

"Lately, magic tool production has felt like it's hit a plateau. Of course, that might change again thanks to Shin's magic tools."

"That's right! Shin!"

"What?"
!
You've reached our limit of messages per hour. Please try again later.

"Oh, that's right. Shin's magical tools are all revolutionary, so I couldn't help but be interested."

"Even though your magic is amazing, your magical tools as well... Wolforde-kun, you're truly something."

Regarding magical tools, it's a bit like cheating... so even when praised, it feels a bit awkward.

"I see. I never thought I'd be solving the world's mysteries..."

"Shin's intellect is terrifying even now."

"Is it? Maybe it's because I don't have preconceived notions?"

Let's leave it at that.

Saying that my past life memories serve as a hint wouldn't be believed.

"Now then, is the report finished?"

"That's all."

"Well, there's nothing more to add."

"I see. Rupa, please contact the magical academies in various countries for the investigation of magic stones and for the global announcement."

"Understood."

Magical academies are located in various countries, and they seem to share information when there are discoveries related to magic.

Orguran left the meeting room for the investigation of magic stones and to contact the magical academies.

"Now that it's settled... Well then, let's go to Lord Merlin's residence immediately and try out this 'Ale' after his bath?"

"What about your official duties?"

"I'm done with those. So, please!"

"Well, I guess there's no helping it. Alright, Shin, I'm counting on you."

"Sure. Then I'll go pick up Sisily and the others."

"Yeah."

With that, grandpa and the others left first, and we headed to Org's room.

"Oh! Shin, onii-chan! Long time no see!"

"Oh, long time no see. You're as lively as ever, Mei-chan."

"Yes!"

As soon as we opened the door to Org's room, Mei-chan jumped at us. We caught her and entered the room.

"It's been a while, Shin-san."

"Long time no see, Ellie."

"By the way, August-sama seems a bit different... Is something the matter?"

Ellie, who we hadn't seen in a while, looked at Org, who had been silent the whole time. Certainly, it's unusual for him not to reprimand Mei-chan when she jumped at us.

"Well, there was something a bit shocking. I still haven't fully processed it."

"Something shocking?"

"Yes, it's related to that report..."
!
You've reached our limit of messages per hour. Please try again later.

"Oh, that was incredible. I never thought it would make long-distance communication possible."

Dad is filled with emotion, but let's get to the point.

"I want to create a wireless version of that."

"What...!"

Oh, Dad froze.

"If it's wired now, it's limited to places where communication is possible. So if it's wireless, you can carry it around. That's what I want to create."

"...You coming to me means... you've already got a plan, right?"

"Yes, as for the plan..."

I will assign unique numbers to the communication devices.

The sender will specify the unique number to make a call with that device.

A common number will also be assigned, allowing for group communication.

Magic stones will be used to maintain a constantly active state.

"All I want is something like this. I'll handle the assignment of numbers, so I want you to make it possible to specify the numbers."

"Using magic stones!? That will make it incredibly expensive, won't it?"

"There's no problem with using magic stones. It's still under verification, but the possibility of extracting more magic stones has emerged."

"What!? Has the mystery of magic stone generation been solved?"

At the shout from Dad, the usual noise in the workshop disappeared.

"N-No! Not like that! We've just found a trend in the places where magic stones have been mined so far... We're still investigating."

"Still, that's an incredible discovery! Shin, I never expected you to be the one!"

"Well, yeah."

Then Dad started patting my back vigorously.

Ouch! Do muscular people like to pat others on the back?

"This is amazing, Shin! If magic stones start circulating more than before, the price will drop. Research and development will progress! This is a moment when history is in the making, isn't it?"

Inside the workshop, there is a growing sense of excitement about the expected circulation of magic stones in the future.

Craftsmen are indeed something. They must be eager to try various things.

"First, about the communication device, please."

"Sure, leave it to me!"

"And there's one more thing I'd like to request..."

"Huh? Is there something else?"

"Yes, this one should be easy, and I think it can be done right away."

Saying that, I placed another order. It was something really simple, so they made it on the spot, and then we went back home.

"Shin-kun, welcome back."

"Welcome back, sir."

When I arrived home, the servants, led by Sisily, welcomed me. It's as if they've completely become a part of the household.

"I'm back, Sisily. It seems you've adapted well. It's good to see you getting along."

"Yes! Everyone has been very kind to me."

"Of course. Young Mistress is not just a woman who relies on a man. She is not only supporting Sir Shin but is also known as the saint who is saving the world. We are honored to have such a respected lady in the Wolforde family. There is nothing more honorable than this."

Marieka's words were met with unanimous nods from the servants, especially the maids. It's heartwarming to see Sisily being praised by the women.

"We will wholeheartedly support Young Mistress, so Sir Shin, please rest assured."

"Everyone... Thank you so much! I'll do my best too!"

"Yes, please do your best, Young Mistress, and give us an heir!"

"Oh, well..."

"She's so quick!"

With Sisily blushing and stammering, we headed to the living room. Grandma, who was there, approached us with a smile.

"Ahaha! It seems she has really become a part of our family. Quite, quite."

"Oh...! I'm so sorry. Thank you very much."

"But children will have to wait until this commotion is over. Sisily is a significant asset, so she can't afford to have a baby yet."

"Ch-children..."

"Grandma, stop teasing Sisily!"

"I'm not teasing her. This is a very serious matter. Sisily will be a major asset for the battle against the Demonkin. Becoming pregnant will significantly reduce that asset."

"Well, I guess that's true."

"Anyway, where were you?"

"Oh, I went to the Bean Workshop to place an order."

"An order?"

"Yes, this."

Saying that, I took out the item we had made on the spot. The enchantment had already been applied when I received it.

"Sisily."

"Yes?"

I woke up Sisily, who seemed lost in thought, and showed her the item we had made at the Bean Workshop.

"Here, it's a gift."

"Huh? Is this a necklace?"

"Yes, and it has a specific enchantment on it."

"A specific enchantment?"

"Yeah, it has an enchantment called 'Foreign Object Rejection.' It prevents poisons and foreign objects from entering the body, rejecting them instead."

"Does that mean..."

"From now on, we might be in the public eye. When that happens, our enemies might not only be the Demonkin. It's a sad thought, but I don't want to have any regrets when that time comes."

Saying so, I put the necklace on Sisily. Since it's meant for a girl, it has a cute design.

"Until now, it protected against external attacks, but with this, it can protect you from the inside. How do you like it?"

I wonder if she'll like it? It's not just a simple gift but a tool to protect herself.

She immediately understood its significance and jumped onto me.

"Thank you so much. Shin-kun's kindness is truly shining through. I'm so... so happy..."

I'm relieved she seems to like it.

"It's activated all the time, so you only need to wear it. It not only protects against poisons but also makes you immune to things like catching a cold."

"Activated all the time, you mean..."

"I'm using a magic stone."

"So, it's a necklace with a magic stone!"

As soon as she realized that, she examined the necklace closely, especially the small magic stone on the back.

"Oh, there's a small magic stone on the back... but why did you use a magic stone?"

"Because if you're poisoned or drugged, what can you do after the fact? Also, in case of something like sleeping pills."

"That's true... it's too late to act after something happens."

"That's why it needs to be active all the time to be meaningful. I had the idea for a while, but I only managed to create it now."

"I see."

"Lately, there have been rumors that some people are targeting Sisily... I absolutely don't want to hand her over to people like that."

"Shin-kun!"

Sisily returned to my chest.

"I'm so happy... Shin-kun."

"I'll protect you, no matter what."

"Yes, please protect me... don't let me go."

"Sisily..."

"Shin-kun..."

"Cough!"

Oops! We're in the living room!

"You two have such a great relationship. You lose sight of everything around you."

"As servants, seeing the harmonious relationship between Sir Shin and Young Mistress brings us great joy."

Grandma looked as if she was amazed, while Marike and the other servants watched us with a smile.

"I did it again... I'm so embarrassed," Sisily said, covering her face with her hands so she couldn't see her surroundings.

"But, you know... you've used it extravagantly again," Grandma commented.

"Oh, there are ones for both Grandma and Grandpa. Here you go," I said.

Grandma's necklace had simpler decorations compared to Sisily's, and I gave Grandpa a simple one without any embellishments.

"For us too?"

"Have we ever been in a situation where we needed it?"

"I just told you, it rejects foreign objects from entering the body, so it prevents you from catching a cold too. You two are getting older, so you need to take care of your health."

Indeed, it rejects 'foreign objects' from entering the body, which means it can also eliminate pathogens. Illnesses at an older age can be scary, so I wanted them to wear it.

"You're concerned about us..."

"Really... you've grown into such a wonderful child," Grandma and Grandpa said, choking up with tears.

The servants watched them warmly.

"Here are ones for Marike and the others too."

"Do you mean for us as well? No, that's not necessary. Such an expensive item... it's just..."

"Listen, you're the ones who support this house, and it would be a disaster if you fell ill. So, you must wear it at all times. That's an order."

"Shin-sama... Thank you for your kind thoughtfulness."

"Thank you!"

Alright, the Waldford family is safe now.

"Hehe, you're so kind."

"Am I?"

"Yes, I love that about you."

"Thanks."

"Hehehe."

Sisily, who had come back to life, seemed quite pleased.

"But still, 'foreign object rejection'... you come up with such remarkable ideas... Hey, you don't mean..."

"What's wrong, Grandma?"

Just a moment ago, Grandma, who was overwhelmed with emotion, suddenly shouted as if she had realized something.

What? What did she realize?

"'Foreign object rejection'... that means... your 'thing' could also be considered a foreign object... and it could be rejected from Sisily's body..."

"Granny, you're completely misunderstanding!"

"So you're saying there was no intention like that?"

"I only just realized it now!"

Come to think of it, it makes sense! It's not 'poison,' but 'foreign object,' so it wouldn't be surprising for people to misinterpret it that way!

Oh no... have I been misunderstood with contempt?

With trepidation, I looked at Sisily...

"Shin, my dear..."

She was looking at me with a passionate gaze.

Oh no, with that look in her eyes... what should I do?

"Sisily..."

"Don't get carried away with that here! You dummy!"

I got a smack on the head from Grandma.

In the end, that day Sisily went back home. We had unintentionally discovered the effects of the magical device I had created. Grandma gave us a lecture, saying, "Don't go making a move in a situation with no romantic atmosphere. Learn something about women's feelings!" So, I guess that means Grandma approved...?

The reason she had prohibited such acts until now was likely because she was concerned that Sisily might become less effective as a warrior. Now that she had no such concerns...

Just because we had her permission, though...

"Go-... good morning, Shin."

"G-... good morning, Sisily."

We were too embarrassed to look at each other!

"Hurry up or you'll be late!"

This is all Grandma's fault!

I'm too scared to say it out loud, so I'll just scream inside my head.

"Well, see you later."

"Y-... yes, see you."

"Alright then. Take care."

"Goodbye."

As we left the house, Sisily tried to link arms with me...

I thought I had gotten used to it, but because of what happened yesterday, I was even more conscious of it. Sisily seemed a bit nervous too.

We walked in silence for a while, embarrassed by the situation. But eventually, I gathered my courage and spoke to Sisily.

"Hey, Sisily."

"Hyaaah!"

... I stumbled over my words.

It was quite funny, so I couldn't help but laugh.

"Ha-ha-ha-ha."

"S-Shin!"

"Ha-ha, sorry. It just reminded me of when I confessed."

"Oh... I stumbled back then too..."

"Hey, Sisily, how about we relax a bit?"

"Relax?"

Since Grandma gave her approval, it feels like we've been overthinking this.

"Yeah, we're engaged, right?"

"Yes."

"When this whole mess is over, we'll have a wedding ceremony, right?"

"Yeah, that's true."

"So... eventually, we should do those kinds of things, right?"

"Umm..."

"I mean, even though we found out that the magical device has that effect unintentionally... do we really need to force it?"

"I'm not forcing it or anything!"

Sisily responded with a sense of desperation, but that's not what I meant.

"I don't mean to force it or anything like that, but maybe it doesn't have to be a sense of duty. It could happen naturally, you know, when we both can't hold back anymore and we just want each other. Maybe we don't have to think of it like an obligation."

After hearing my words, Sisily thought for a moment and then said, "That makes sense."

"Yeah. It's something that couples do, you know."

Perhaps she had felt that it was something she had to do. But...

"But, you know, let's go at our own pace. Let's not push ourselves too hard... okay?"

"Shin, yes! I understand!"

She said that and hugged my arm tightly.

"Shin, you're really kind."

"I am?"

Not really. I'm just getting aroused from being hugged...

"I'm truly happy. I never expected to have such a kind person as my husband."

"Sisily..."

Uh-oh! I'm the one who wants it more!

Calm down, Shin!

I just said we should go at our own pace, so what am I doing!

"Haa... you two seem closer than ever today."

"Is it finally happening...?"

"Maybe!"

Voices from those around us reached our ears.

"Oh! Again... in public..."

Sisily heard them and moved away slightly.

Phew, that was close! I almost lost control...

In the end, Sisily, who felt embarrassed by the situation, and I, who somehow managed to escape that situation, couldn't have a decent conversation, and we arrived at the academy.

"Good morning, you two. What's with your red faces?"

"N-no! It's nothing like that."

"Hmm? I see... Well, I'll investigate later. But for now, we have something to discuss."

"Discuss?"

Everyone was already assembled in the classroom.

Among them, Alice in her pink pajamas stood out.

"Oh! Alice! Pajamas!"

"Huh? What's wrong? Why didn't anyone tell me!?"

"Having a second incident in such a short time is quite impressive."

"Come on! You guys!"

With that, she went home through the gate.

"Og, you should have said something."

"A little embarrassment might make her more cautious in the future."

"Yeah, you interrupted our conversation, but it's not an urgent matter. We can wait for Corne to change in her time."

As they chatted, a gate appeared, and Alice, now in her school uniform, stepped out.

"Ugh... I was so embarrassed..."

"You better learn from this and not come in your pajamas again."

"Yes..."

Alice received a warning from Og and looked down in embarrassment.

Well, she brought it upon herself, so there's not much more to say.

"So, about the discussion?"

"Oh, the date for the trilateral talks with Els and East has been decided."

Og's words brought a sudden tension into the relaxed atmosphere.

"The location will be the Kingdom of Swid. This time, it was decided to hold the talks in the only country that suffered damage from the Demon attack. The meeting will focus on defeating the Demons."

"I see. So, it's going to be held in a neutral third country..."

"That's right. Both countries insisted that this was the minimum condition for the discussions. Swid is the perfect place to raise the flag of resistance."

Holding the talks in their home country might have favored Earlside, so they opted for a neutral ground.

"The decision to hold the talks in Swid had been made a while ago. We just received confirmation that preparations are complete."

"And when is it?"

"We're sending envoys to Els and East. The talks will be two weeks from now."

"That's good; it's perfect timing."

"Perfect timing?"

"Yeah."

"Oh! What's this? A necklace?"

Og handed the necklace to Alice.

"It's enchanted with 'foreign substance exclusion,' a constantly active magical item."

"'Constantly active'? Wait, what's going on?"

Oh, I haven't told everyone yet, have I?

"Og, can I explain?"

"It's fine for family. But everyone, listen carefully. What Shin is about to say is strictly confidential."

Og's unusually stern tone made everyone tense.

"Two days ago, I received some magic stones, right? Well, that's when I was first taught about magic stones by my grandmother."

"Shin-dono has finally learned about the existence of magic stones."

"And you immediately created a constantly active magical tool?"

"Now I understand why Lady Merida kept it a secret."

Just by learning about magic stones from his grandmother, he received such a reaction. It's quite moving.

"Wait a minute! Shin, did you use the magic stones you received right away?"

"Let me explain step by step. I asked my grandmother about the reality of magic stone mining, and she helped me come up with a hypothesis about magic stone generation."

"A hypothesis about magic stone generation!?"

"Yes, it's the world's mystery, you know?"

"That's right. So, I tested that hypothesis..."

He began gathering magic power and compressing it at high temperature and pressure.

And then...

"I created a magic stone."

He showed the newly created magic stone in the palm of his hand.

... No reaction?

"Ehhhhhh!?"

Suddenly, everyone shouted in unison.

"What's this! What's this!?"

"Incredible. Truly worthy of Wolfswood-kun."

"It's not just incredible. It's like... a mystery of the world has been solved!"

"I can't believe it."

"By the way, Mark, make sure you don't tell your father either. They say the discovery conditions for magic stones can be deduced from the distribution of magic stone excavation sites."

"The content of that will be publicly disclosed eventually. Everyone, don't talk carelessly. Shin also promised not to circulate these magic stones."

"Yes!"

Everyone replied in unison to Og's orders.

"So, what exactly does this magical tool do?"

"Oh, it has the effect of excluding any foreign substances from entering the body."

"Foreign substances?"

"Like poisons and such."

"I see... Considering the upcoming trilateral talks, although I hate to think about it, if we fail to take the lead, there might be a possibility of using force..."

"I really don't want to think about it either. But, I don't want to regret it after the fact."

"I understand. Let's keep it as a precaution. Even if I'm questioned for carrying it, I'm of royal blood. If I say I always carry it as a precaution against assassination threats, they'll probably accept it."

"That possibility is indeed real. Keep it with you at all times, okay?"

"Understood."

"And this is for everyone."

Saying so, he took out the magic stones for everyone from his spatial storage.

"Wow, are you sure about this?"

"Thank you, Wolfswood-kun."

"Again, it's a power I don't understand..."

"But do we need it too? Unlike His Highness, we're not targeted to the extent that..."

"This one doesn't just deal with poisons; it removes any 'foreign substance' that enters the body. So it also eliminates pathogens, making us less prone to illness."

"Wow, even pathogens... Shin!"

"What's up, Tony?"

"This! Can I have one more... no, would you sell it to me?"

"Sure, but what..."

Ah! He realized it!

"Because, if you wear this, it removes foreign substances, right? So..."

At that point, Tony cut off his words and whispered to me.

"We can use it for contraception!"

He cleverly shouted quietly.

"Sigh... you noticed, huh?"

"What's the matter, Shin, did you know too? Wait, don't tell me that's the original intention?"

"That part is just a coincidence! I didn't plan for that at all!"

Everyone watched our exchange with puzzled expressions.

None of them seemed to have realized...

Oh, Cecily turned bright red, and then Og noticed it!

Damn it! He started grinning!

"Shin."

"What is it?"

"Phew, you're lucky."

"Shut up, you idiot!"

"Ouch..."

"Hmm? Why did Cecily turn red... foreign substance... oh, I see!"

See? Maria noticed it!

"Shin... you're the worst..."

"It's not like that! It's a coincidence! It's a coincidence!"

"Whether it's a coincidence or intentional, sell me another one!"

"Really, wasting your talent on something like this."

"Oh! Is that what it's about? Geez, Shin, are you serious!?"

"Wolfswood-kun... it's surprising."

Oh well!

"It's not what you think!" superconductors
like I'm five years old