nd activities
for a team-building day with remote employees

"Darm Kingdom.

The country that Shin and his group recently visited was a nation where the main temple of the Creation God faith was established before the Holy Nation of Ys.

Adjacent to the region now known as the 'Demon Territory,' formerly the Old Empire, it was decided to hold a ministerial meeting in this country for the demon territory conquest, taking into account the distances from various countries in the World Alliance.

And once the agreement for the demon territory conquest is reached, it will become the official signing of the World Alliance.

The content of the Alliance signing is almost decided: 'In the face of the crisis of humanity's survival, all countries will cooperate to contain the situation. Moreover, during the Alliance, they will function as one group and will not seek any recompense for their actions.'

For example, if the forces of Country A save the forces of Country B in a crisis, Country B will not demand any rewards from Country A. This is the general idea.

It's a situation where humanity should stand united, and such an agreement is necessary to avoid leaving seeds of conflict in the post-war period.

What's not decided is the conquest operation itself.

The general plan is clear: Each country's military will subdue the demons infesting the demon territory and head for the former imperial capital. There, they will defeat the demons that are expected to be present.

The goal of forming this alliance is to achieve that, but the questions of where to place each country and which country is responsible for supplying materials, especially for Els and Ys, which don't border the demon territory, and how to establish the command structure for the alliance military need to be discussed.

Currently, the demons have not made any moves.

However, considering that there were two past attacks, it is hard to believe that the demons have given up on invading, and most believe it's a preparatory period for the next invasion.

Therefore, there are many issues to be discussed, but there's not much time to do so.

Representatives from the seven countries - Aulsehide, Sweed, Darm, Carnan, Kurt, Els, and Ys - gathered at one of the temples in the Darm Kingdom, and the meeting finally began."

"I am Dominic Gastor, the Chief of Military Affairs of the Aulsehide Kingdom. I would like to express my gratitude for your support in response to Aulsehide's call. Currently, humanity is facing a critical situation with the mass appearance of demons and their attacks, endangering our very existence. However, that doesn't mean there is no hope for us. Keeping that in mind, we would like to proceed with the discussions.

First, the meeting began with a greeting from Dominic, the representative of the Aulsehide Kingdom, which is the proposing country for this World Alliance.

"Since we cannot predict when the demons will launch their attacks, we have already outlined a rough plan. If you are in agreement with it, we would like to proceed with the resolution. Is that acceptable?"

"Does that mean you already have a draft plan?"

Representatives from other countries questioned Dominic's statement.

"Yes, of course. Without one, the discussions could drag on endlessly. I would like you to take a look at the general plan outlined in this document."

When Dominic said this, his aides distributed the operational planning documents to the representatives of the various countries. The reactions of the representatives who read the documents fell into two categories: those who agreed and those who looked surprised.

"Dominic, is this for real?"

This question came from the representative of the Ys, Makina 'Dai' Bishop, who acted as the temporary representative during the recent tripartite talks.

Makina was a bishop during the tripartite talks, but he had since been promoted to the position of 'Dai' Bishop after the fall of the previous 'Dai' Bishop, Fuller, and his role in resolving the related issues. Makina had questions about the contents of the operational planning document.

"Of course, it's real, and I firmly believe it's the best course of action."

"But... they're all just teenagers, from fifteen to sixteen years old, right? And you want to send them for this..."

Makina looked back at the document in disbelief.

"'Each country's military will be responsible for subduing monsters up to the size of large demons, and Ultimate Magicians will be responsible for disaster-level monsters and demons.' Are you serious?"

Only the representative of the Darm Kingdom seemed to agree with Makina's concerns, as the representatives of other countries didn't seem to have any doubts.

"Oh, it's you, Makina... Uh, I mean, Bishop Makina, right? Haven't you seen Shin and the others in combat?"

"I haven't had the chance to see them in action... Have you all witnessed their abilities?"

"Yeah, we have."

"I have."

"Me too."

"I have as well."

This was spoken by Garan, the representative of the Carnan Kingdom, as well as the representatives of Sweed and Kurt, and Els' representative, Naval.

"Naval, didn't you meet them for the first time just the other day?"

"After that, you visited Aulsehide, right? On the way there, we encountered a horde of monsters. And what's more... disaster-level ones were mixed in."

"Disaster-level monsters!? You made it out okay?"

"Well, those Ultimate Magicians took care of them in no time."

"In no time!?"

"It was like they were playing a game..."

Perhaps recalling that moment, Naval seemed to be in disbelief.

"I'm a shepherd in Carnan. This summer, a situation occurred where a large number of sheep turned into monsters. I was prepared for some sacrifices, but thanks to them helping out, we were able to defeat them in no time."

"So it was quick for you too..."

Garan was a shepherd, but in the Carnan Kingdom, the position of the National Sheepmaster was highly esteemed. Among them, Garan had personal connections with Shin and the others, which is why he was chosen as the Carnan Kingdom's representative.

"At the time, I joked about them being used to hunting disaster-level monsters..."

"Are you saying you drew lots to decide who would handle the disaster-level subjugation?"

"Draw lots?"

"Normally, it would be considered lucky if you don't have to deal with disaster-level monster subjugation. But the ones who got selected seemed to be very happy."

People who knew them well could easily imagine such a scene and chuckled. However, among those present, there was one person who didn't know them at all.

"Drawing lots to decide who would face opponents that require the full force of the military? How tactless!"

The representative of the host country for this conference, Ralph Portman of the Darm Kingdom, expressed his disapproval.

"To place such tactless individuals at the center of this critical operation? I object!"

Ralph, the Darm Kingdom representative, who found drawing lots on the battlefield inconsiderate, opposed making them the central decision-makers of the operation.

"Did you say that, Ralph? If not, do you have an alternative proposal?"

"If we stand united as one, we can overcome any difficulty!"

"Well, we need to hear specific operational plans, not just idealism."

"Is there none?"

"But...! Will others agree to have such inconsiderate individuals at the center of the operation!?"

"I don't agree."

"Emilio!"

Next, Emilio, the representative of the Sweed Kingdom, spoke.

Emilio and Ralph had some interactions due to being neighboring countries, and they knew each other.

"Have you ever met them in person?"

"No... I haven't..."

"I have met them directly. They were the first to come to our aid in our crisis and repelled the demons. However, they deeply regretted causing casualties and apologized, even though it was an issue concerning another country. I didn't see them as inconsiderate individuals."

"..."

Emilio was responsible for the military in the presence of Shin and the others when they met the King of Sweed. Ralph had nothing to say in response to Emilio's statement.

"I also met them in person, but I didn't get that impression."

The representative of Kurt followed suit.

"I've seen their battles directly... To be honest, I can understand what Els' representative, Naval, is saying."

"You can understand!? What do you mean!?"

Ralph lashed out at Kurt's representative for saying they understood the action of drawing lots.

"For them, disaster-level monsters and the like are probably not worthy opponents. How did it go in reality?"

"They defeated them in an instant. There were no moments where I thought it was dangerous."

"That's true."

"I thought so too."

Despite defeating disaster-level monsters in an instant, both Kurt's representative and Garan, who represented Carnan, were in agreement. Emilio from Sweed, upon closer observation, was also nodding.

"For them, disaster-level opponents aren't a cause for despair. They're likely opponents they can defeat with ease. When you see their battles, it becomes understandable."

"Defeating disaster-level monsters with ease..."

Ralph began to ponder something after Kurt's representative's words, and he smirked as if he had found a breakthrough.

"...Can you trust individuals who possess such dangerous power? Shouldn't they be the ones we should defeat?"

His radical statement stirred up the room.

Indeed, having the power to easily defeat what could be described as nightmarish opponents like disaster-level monsters, without any hesitation, appeared to be extraordinarily formidable.

Ralph viewed the Ultimate Magicians, who possessed such power, as a threat.

Dominic understood the enormity of their power and also knew that Dysis and August were working hard to prevent it from being perceived as a threat.

Ralph's casual remarks, not acknowledging the efforts made by Dysis and August, almost stirred his anger.

"You don't know anything, and what you're saying isn't a commendable statement."

The one who provided a supporting statement was Naval, the representative of Els.

"Frankly, I also had the same impression."

"I knew it! So..."

"Well, because of that, I asked them directly. Do they have any intention to conquer the world? I asked them."

Naval's words caused the room to become restless again, with an air of "What are you asking!?"

"And then, they replied as if it was nothing, 'I have no intention of doing such troublesome things.'"

This statement brought a bit of relief to the room. Most people had glimpsed the power of Shin and the others and understood that there would be no way to stop them if their intentions turned toward world conquest.

"They also said, 'Creating a peaceful world for the children who will be born in the future is our mission as those living in the present.'"

"I see... Did they really say something like that?"

For the first time, Dominic heard about Shin and the others' inner thoughts.

As the Grand Knight Commander, he had very little contact with Shin and the others as mages.

He wasn't the least bit worried that they would use their power for personal gain, but it was the first time he had heard that they were planning to use their power for the next generation.

The determination that Naval had shared with him calmed Ralph's thoughts, which had been close to being consumed by anger due to Ralph's words.

"You're using sophistry! It's obviously just an excuse!"

"Ralph, what's gotten into you!?"

"M-Makina-sama..."

"Even though I haven't seen them in actual combat, I have met them. I acknowledge them as individuals of exceptional character. They didn't even bring up the crimes of the great sinner Fuller; they left the responsibility to him alone without mentioning any blame on Ys. It was an incident that could have led to a hostile relationship with Ys, but they didn't do that."

"Well, that must have been calculated..."

"Moreover, Chief Dominic, aren't they the hope of humanity?"

"That's right. A single demon is stronger than a disaster-class being. And... there are about fifty of them left."

"Fifty beings stronger than disaster-class... It's a real crisis for humanity..."

Galan felt dizzy from the specific strength and number of demons, but Emilio added to the discussion.

"When I first saw them, there were a hundred of them. Considering that..."

"They've reduced them by about fifty..."

Originally, there were a hundred demons, and now they were reduced by half.

It was all thanks to Shin and the others who had defeated them.

"For us, they are formidable opponents both in strength and numbers. However, if they fall into the hands of the Ultimate Magicians, it's not a far-fetched idea to defeat them. Truly, they are the hope of humanity."

"The hope of humanity... That's exactly right."

Makina agreed with Dominic's statement.

"But! Makina-sama, you were initially against this operation, weren't you?"

"I opposed it because I was wondering if it was fair to burden these fifteen to sixteen-year-olds with such a heavy responsibility, while we, the adults, could take it easy."

"Well... honestly, it is a shameful story."

"Even though there is a significant gap in their abilities..."

Galan and Emilio, who had lived more than twice as long as Shin and the others, spoke regretfully. But once again, Naval spoke up.

"But you see, there's no one else who can fundamentally solve this problem other than those kids, so isn't it better to accept that and move on?"

"That's a typical Els merchant's statement. 'Use anyone and everyone who can be of help,' right?"

"Of course. If we hesitate there, it won't be a laughing matter if it leads to the extinction of humanity, will it?"

Naval argued that it was only natural to rely on the power of Shin and the others if they had the ability to solve the problem. During the Three-Nation Summit, he had tried to secure advantageous conditions for Ayleshide, but after witnessing Shin and the others' abilities and determination on the way to Ayleshide, and after negotiations with the Wolford Trading Company in Ayleshide, he seemed to support the Ultimate Magicians to a considerable extent.

Makina, on the other hand, mentioned that he had reservations about entrusting the core of the operation to young adults who had just come of age and said that he did not view Shin and the others as a threat.

Ralph, who had expected Makina to oppose the idea, looked betrayed.

First of all, why are you so opposed to this operation, Ralph? When it comes to the Ultimate Magicians, they have Claude-san, who is known among the people as the "Holy Maiden," and now even the Demon King Wolforde, who is being called the "Messenger of God."

"Well..."

That didn't sit well with him. Ralph had almost voiced his frustration, but he swallowed those words. It was clear that it was a personal and emotional opinion, and, more importantly, Archbishop Makina, a member of the Creationism Church, had started to shift his stance towards acceptance.

Although Darm and Eiss were separate countries, the former had a strong influence on the Creationism Church because the main temple of the church was located in Darm, establishing an unconscious vassal relationship with Eiss, the main temple of which was in a lower position. This was evident in the fact that Ralph, the representative of Darm, addressed Makina, the representative of another country, as "Sama" (a term of respect) and received "Kun" (a less formal honorific) in return, reflecting their relationship.

Ralph had decided to hold back because it was a matter of respecting the opinion of Makina, the Archbishop, a spiritual superior and with strong influence in their country. However, he didn't like the epithets given to the two members of the Ultimate Magicians.

The title "Holy Maiden" assigned to Sicily was a name she was once called before the current Pope took his position, an endearing name used for the Pope's former nickname. The title "Messenger of God" for Shin, on the other hand, was something he considered to be an unsuitable title for a being of absolute importance in the eyes of the Creationism Church, which held God as the ultimate being.

However, both titles had become prevalent among the common people, with the title "Messenger of God" spreading rapidly lately, as it echoed Siegfried's sentiments from the past.

Ralph couldn't tolerate the idea of non-members of the Creationism Church being called these titles. His opposition to placing Shin and the others at the center of the operation was partly due to their tactless behavior, such as drawing lots during battles, but the main reason was those epithets, especially the one for Shin, "Messenger of God."

However, within the very Creationism Church, there was a general trend of accepting these titles.

In the case of the Holy Maiden, the former Holy Maiden, who was the Pope's daughter and regarded as a daughter by the Pope, cared deeply for her. After this turmoil had subsided, an unprecedented proposal was made from the side of the Creationism Church, suggesting that the Pope would officiate at her wedding.

Regarding the Messenger of God, there were many within the Creationism Church who believed that, in an era where demons were appearing in large numbers and humanity was facing extinction, Shin, with the power to counteract them, might indeed be what he was called, the Messenger of God.

"It is our God who has sent us a Messenger in this time of crisis for humanity," they believed.

However, merely "many" doesn't equate to "all."

Ralph was not a clergyman, but he was a devout follower of the Creationism Church. He was one of the few who couldn't accept the epithets of "Holy Maiden" and "Messenger of God."

"While it's too great a responsibility to place solely on young people... there's no other card for us as humanity... It seems we have no choice but to approve this operation."

"In that case, is the general outline of the operation acceptable? We'll need to discuss the details of personnel placement, accommodations, and supplies."

With Archbishop Makina ultimately approving the operation, Ralph found himself unable to say anything further. The subsequent meeting proceeded smoothly, with occasional negotiations since Dominique had prepared a draft. The operation to subjugate the demon territories was resolved, and finally, it was set in motion as part of the World Alliance.

The meeting room was filled with a sense of relief, now that they had finally reached the starting point. Yet, Ralph remained the only one with a sour expression throughout.

Makina, who had been concerned about Ralph's attitude throughout the meeting, approached him.

"Ralph, what's the matter with you? You've been in a bad mood the whole time. If you're representing the nation here, is that the right attitude?"

"...I apologize. I'll be more careful from now on."

With that, Ralph promptly left the meeting room. His aides and guards hurriedly followed, their faces showing signs of bewilderment.

They seemed to be supporters of the Holy Maiden and the Messenger of God. It was apparent that their representative, who had opposed the involvement of the Ultimate Magicians, was hardly believable to them.

"Good grief... Is he going off the rails?"

Makina understood that Ralph was an opponent of the epithets of the Holy Maiden and the Messenger of God due to his reaction to their words. However, the prevailing stance in the Creationism Church was supportive, and King Darm was also expected to be in favor of it. Therefore, he concluded that Ralph's behavior during this meeting was an overreaction.

"As long as nothing further happens..."

As Makina sighed while looking at the door through which Ralph and his entourage had exited, the meeting continued.nd a dish
to bring to a potluck