 design principles
for mobile apps and desktop software

I went for a walk in Frägel's city for a few hours.

I came up with some ideas for new magical tools, including gifts, and soon we contacted each other through the wireless communication device to meet up.

It seemed like the ladies had thoroughly enjoyed shopping, while the gentlemen who accompanied them were somewhat tired.

Especially, Aug's condition looks really bad.

"Hey, Aug. Are you okay?"

"...Yeah, I'm fine."

...Uh-oh, he's on the verge of breaking down.

"Well, forget about Aug. It looks like everyone had fun."

"Hey..."

"Well, it's been a while, so it was enjoyable, but... More importantly, Lord Shin! You haven't come up with any strange ideas, have you!?"

"Hey, Thor..."

"I did come up with a few, but I researched them to make sure they won't disrupt established interests, so it's all good."

"Are you sure..."

"Even though I'm the owner of the trading company, you know? I've thought it through."

"That's true, isn't it?"

"Believe in me."

"Cut it out, you two!"

Whoa! Aug got angry because we were ignoring him!

"Shin, it's mostly your fault that things turned out this way!"

"Excuse me, August-sama. Is going on a date with me some form of punishment?"

"N-no, it's not like that..."

"Mr. Shin, I appreciate your consideration. Thanks to you, I enjoyed my date with August-sama."

"I went for a walk in the city with my big brother for the first time! It was fun!"

"I see. I'm glad for you, Mei-chan."

"Hehehe."

They're royal siblings, after all.

But, if they've never gone out together in the city before, that's surprising.

Now, Aug has become one of the most powerful individuals in the world, and that's why we're able to go on such a city walk.

"Ugh... Mmm..."

"In that case, you'll continue accompanying your fiancée and sister from now on."

"Ellie is one thing, but Mei too..."

"Big brother, that's mean!"

While watching Aug and Mei-chan's interaction, we all laughed, but there were some people who didn't.

"Even Thor-chan acted that way towards His Highness..."

"It's quite an unbelievable sight."

"Are you okay!? Won't you be charged with disrespect and executed!?"

Nevertheless, it's surprising that Thor, my fiancée, is ignoring Aug, who is the Crown Prince, as Karen and Sarah can't hide their astonishment at the scene in front of them.

And Lilia can't help but worry about the possibility of repercussions.

"Well, this is pretty normal... Get used to it now. We'll be together for a long time."

"Yes, that's true, Mr. Walford."

"Right, you'll get used to it!"

Karen and Sarah quickly agreed, but Lilia was the only one who refused.

Well, she'll probably get used to it eventually.

And so, our shopping trip, which was mostly satisfactory, came to an end.

When we return to the capital city, we'll start making the birthday presents for the three of them.

A few days after returning to the capital city, on Mark's birthday, I gave him the tool I had come up with as a present.

What was that tool, you ask?

It had an exchangeable attachment at the tip of something about the size of a pen. By rotating it, you could drill holes, shave, and polish things.

I gave a simple demonstration, and Mark was delighted, as it made various types of work much easier.

He was genuinely happy, not just putting on a polite smile.

It's nice to see your friends look like this.

The tool was made by the craftsmen at Bean's Workshop.

When they asked if they could make one for themselves, I gave permission, and almost all the craftsmen in the workshop started making the same tool.

It seems that new tools are quite exciting for craftsmen.

With this, their work efficiency improved, and it stimulated their imagination to create more intricate items.

I also requested the creation of gifts for Cecily and Maria.

They were both quite intrigued when they saw it for the first time and asked many questions while working on it.

When it was finally completed, my father immediately wanted to start selling it, saying, "This will definitely sell!" But I wanted to wait until after the birthday party, as I intended it to be a gift for the two of them. I had been quite enthusiastic about making a decent amount of stock for the occasion.

On another note, it's surprising that there are magical tools that can replace electronic devices, but the magical tool industry hasn't advanced further.

As Grandma said, the world of magical tools seems to be stagnant or in a state of deadlock.

Uncle Dis said that he would announce the conditions for mining magic stones, which would likely bring progress to the world of magical tools, but I wonder if that's really the case.

I don't know for sure.

However, there hasn't been any mention of our life at the academy. In reality, the academy is currently closed.

The students who were mobilized for this operation have already returned, but the reopening is scheduled for the new year.

The students didn't suffer any casualties on the battlefield, but they faced significant mental stress, which is why they were given a break. Since the winter break is coming soon, it will resume in the new year.

During this time, we, who had nothing to do, went our separate ways.

Cecily continued to visit my place as usual, and she showed filial piety to her parents.

Maria often went monster hunting with Miranda.

They seemed to get along very well.

I didn't know much about what the others were up to.

Everyone has their private lives, and it's not something I can pry into.

But if you go to the wilderness, you'll often find some students coming to practice their magic.

I spent a lot of time in the workshop. I discussed my ideas with my father, and we decided that as long as we only produced certain parts, it wouldn't take away work from existing businesses.

Grandma said, "You come up with the strangest things," but she gave her approval for the development itself, so I happily immersed myself in the workshop.

"It's nice to develop various things, but make sure you also spend time with Cecily, okay?"

"Huh? I do spend time with her."

"Yes, he takes me out on dates from time to time."

I received a sermon from Grandma, who was worried that I might be neglecting Cecily because I spent so much time in the workshop. However, I couldn't neglect Cecily. When I'm at home, we enjoy our time together, and sometimes we go out.

Sometimes, we even use optical camouflage and stroll around the city of the capital. Cecily surprisingly enjoys the thrill of possibly being discovered.

"When did this happen..."

"Speaking of which, isn't Grandma spending a lot of time at the hot springs lately? She's rarely at home."

It seems that both Grandma and Grandpa have been away from home a lot lately. When we asked where they've been, it's mostly at the hot springs.

"Isn't it getting a bit too much?"

"Well, as long as they're spending time together, it's fine."

It feels like the conversation is being diverted.

Well, I don't intend to criticize their actions, and if they don't have any objections to me spending time in the workshop, then it's all good.

During those days of leisure, our birthdays finally arrived.

The Walford family has a spacious hall where a standing buffet-style venue was set up. I didn't even know that we were preparing such a grand party in our own home.

Why is it so extravagant?

"This is a party hosted by the Walford family. There's no way we'd have something modest."

The head maid, Marika, and the other servants told us this. Well, the Walford family may be of commoner origins...

As I gazed at the luxurious venue, the two main characters of the day arrived with their families.

"Wow, what's all this?"

"It's amazing!"

Maria was also surprised by the unexpectedly luxurious party venue, and Cecily, who often came in and out of this house, seemed unaware of these preparations.

"Cecily didn't know either."

"Yes, nobody mentioned that they were making such preparations."

"The young mistress is the focus of today's party. We wanted her to be surprised on the day of the event, so we kept it a secret."

"Thank you, Marika. I'm really surprised."

Cecily looked delighted, and the servants were pleased to see that she was happy. They really have a good relationship.

That being said, the two of them who arrived early need to change into their party attire. Even though it's a family-only party, the main characters shouldn't be in their everyday clothes, so the two girls plan to dress up accordingly.

As for me, I'm just wearing my regular attire. Well, I'll put on a jacket, though.

"Alright, Shin, see you later."

"Oh, right. Don't style your hair."

"Huh? Why not?"

"Just because. I'll explain the reason later."

"All right, understood. Let's go, Maria."

"Geez, make sure to tell me the reason later."

With those words, the two of them went together to the room to change.

Seeing them like this, it's clear that they get along really well. They've been childhood friends since birth, and you could even call them like sisters.

Since it was a gift for the two of them, I didn't want it to be biased towards one. According to my father, this should probably be well-received by girls. That's why I asked them not to style their hair as a way to reveal it.

By the way, to ensure that they can demonstrate it immediately after receiving the gift, I had given a sample to Marika in advance, and she secretly practiced on the maids. I shouldn't be touching a girl's hair when I'm not even a hairdresser.

"Can't you tell us too?"

"Oh, that's sad."

"Please, Cecil-san, Irene-san. If we tell you, it won't be a surprise, will it?"

Cecil and Irene, who were with us, also tried to figure out the meaning of not styling their hair, but since it's a surprise, it wouldn't make sense if we told them.

"Haha, I understand."

"We were just curious."

"You seem very close."

"He's my daughter's husband, after all. I envy you. My daughters... I wonder who will bring someone home first..."

The envious voices of Cecil and Irene came from Maria's parents, Adolf and Martina. Both of them seem to envy the easygoing interactions between Claude and his wife.

"Well, we brought our daughter, Cecily, first. I wonder what the older children are doing..."

"We share the same worries..."

Oh, both fathers are sighing in unison.

But, even though both families have more daughters than sons, are they happy as fathers?

...Maybe it's not the time to be talking about that. In this world, people marry early, and I don't want to know if I'm falling behind... It's a scary thought.

While watching Claude's family and Messina's family, both patriarchs, my grandmother called out.

"I'm going to pick up some of the guests I invited, so go ahead and start without me."

"Eh? Is someone calling?"

"Yeah, when I told them we were having Shin's birthday party, they said they'd love to come and celebrate. Sorry, can we let them join in?"

"That's fine, but who is it?"

"Hehe. That's a surprise for when you meet them."

Grandpa didn't tell me who they invited. Guests they want to invite? Who could it be? Marika and Steve shook their heads as if they didn't know either. Well, if those two are bringing them, they shouldn't be strange people, but it's still intriguing.

While pondering that, people started gathering one after another. But, in general, it was mostly team members and family members with some connection. The royal family came in full force.

"Happy birthday, Shin. By the way, where's Lord Merlin and Lady Merida?"

"Oh, they went somewhere because they said they want to invite someone."

"I see, invited guests..."

Uncle Dis seemed to understand from those words.

"What? Do you know, Uncle Dis?"

"Well, it's more like a hunch. I don't have confirmation."

"I see."

Uncle Dis seems to know the person as well. Who could it be?

"Um, Lady Merida, aren't you coming?"

The disappointed voice belonged to Tony's girlfriend, Lilia.

"Hey, Lilia. This is Shin and the others' birthday party, you know?"

"I know! I know, but..."

She had come with nerves, thinking she might meet her idol, only to find them absent. That's quite a letdown.

"Sorry, Lilia. I think they'll be back soon. Can you wait until then?"

"Oh, s-sorry! Um, happy birthday."

"Thank you."

Even though it's mostly family, quite a few people have gathered. While observing the invited guests, I saw a face I hadn't seen in a while.

"Hey? Miranda-san?"

"Oh, hello, Walford-kun."

"What's go... Oh, right. You're Maria's invitee."

"Yeah, we've been getting along recently."

"Seems that way. I heard you're quite proficient with jet boots."

"W-Well, it's not like..."

She started acting all fidgety.

"...Maria taught it to me, but it was originally a technique of yours, Walford-kun, and now it seems like I developed it."

"Huh? What are you talking about?"

"The jump thrust."

"Oh."

It was more like an extension of play. I was surprised that she wanted to use such a technique in actual combat.

"It's not a big deal, but isn't it dangerous? Would you like to try using the Vibration Sword?"

"Huh? Is that the sword you used during the joint training, Walford-kun?"

"That's right."

"I-I'd like to! But, it's probably expensive..."

Right, they mentioned that the jet boots and the Exchange Sword were purchased at their own expense.

"It's fine, it's not something being sold. You're Maria's friend, and I'll give it to you."

"R-Really!?"

Wow, her eyes are sparkling. As expected of a swordsman, she has a keen interest in new weapons.

"I don't really like it when someone relies too much on that..."

Today, it wasn't as a guard but as a pure guest in our house, and Chris called out to Miranda. Chris and Zeke were chaperones for the students, and they returned together as soon as the students did.

"Why?"

"The sharpness of that sword is in a league of its own compared to other swords. Frankly, once you get used to it, you can't help but feel that your swordsmanship is neglected."

"I-Is that so..."

Ah, Miranda was giving up on the Vibration Sword.

"...But well, if you're used to it from a young age, you might find effective ways to use it."

"T-Then..."

"Since Shin is offering it, you should accept it. Just make sure not to neglect your sword training relying solely on the sharpness of that sword."

"Understood!"

Indeed, the experience and skill of Chris and Miranda as swordsmen were quite different.

"Shin, you've endured Lady Michelle's, that strict training, haven't you?"

"Y-Yes, Sword Saint-sama's training! I'm jealous!"

"It's not as great as you think..."

It's hell, you know?

"Right. It's not that special."

"Oh, Lady Michelle..."

Before I knew it, Michelle had come up behind me and spoke to me while placing a hand on my shoulder.

"It's been quite a while since Shin came to the royal capital. I'll give you some training after a long time."

"No, I'm fine!"

"Haha, don't hold back."

"It's not that!?"

This musclehead... do something about it!

"It's good, isn't it..."

As I pondered a way to escape from Michelle's hellish training, I heard Miranda's voice.

What a relief!

"Michelle-san! She's a student from the Knight Academy, Miranda, who played a significant role in the recent operation!"

"I see. Are you Miranda Wallace?"

"Wow! You know my name!?"

"Yes. It's been said that there is a female student who came up with a highly effective attack during the recent operation, and I wanted to meet her."

"I-I'm so honored!"

"Well, what do you think, Michelle? She's a promising candidate for a knight in the future, so why not give her some training?"

"Hmm, that might be a good idea."

"R-Really!?"

Yes!

I managed to redirect Michelle's interest to Miranda! I heaved a sigh of relief, but Chris gave me a cold stare.

"...You're acting as if you're selling out your friend..."

"N-No! Miranda looks so happy, doesn't she?"

"Just for now. Honestly, this girl..."

While having such a conversation, it seemed that Sisley and Maria were ready, and the two of them entered the hall together.

The two of them who arrived in the hall, Sisley in a blue dress and Maria in a red dress, looked just like sisters.

"Maria... It really suits you."

"Oh, Miranda, thanks for coming."

"Yeah, but I envy you. I don't look good in things like that."

"That's not true. You look good too, Miranda, as long as you cover your arms and shoulders."

"But it still doesn't suit me!"

Huh. It seems like they've become surprisingly close, joking like this.

As I was surprised by Maria's unexpected circle of friends, Sisley tugged my sleeve. She looked up at me, fidgeting.

"Uh, Shin, how does it look?"

She seemed uncertain if it suited her.

There's only one answer to that.

"It suits you a lot. You look cute."

"Oh, thank you!"

Sisley's relieved expression was followed by a beaming smile. That dress and that expression together should be illegal.

"Sisley looks good in anything. Maybe there's no outfit that doesn't suit her?"

"N-No, that's not true! Shin, you look great no matter what you wear."

"I-I do?"

"Yes!"

"Thanks, Sisley."

"Shin..."

"I'm the main character too! Don't enter your own world without me!!"

Huh!?

Dangerous.

If Maria, who had just finished greeting Miranda, hadn't interjected, I would have been left out of their world.

"Goodness! It's like I'm just an extra!"

"I-I'm sorry, Maria..."

"Extra? I didn't think of it that way."

"I wonder..."

Hmm, this is bad.

One of the main characters is sulking now.

"Lo-Look, Maria! Just like we decided earlier!"

"...Well, it can't be helped, I guess."

With that, both Sisley and Maria came to my sides, linking their arms with mine.

"Hey."

"It's fine, just for today. Do you really intend to leave me out alone?"

"We talked earlier and decided to do it this way. But... it's just for today, okay?"

It seems they had arranged this interaction in advance, but even so, Sisley insisted that it was just for today, putting the final touch on it.

With her looking up at me and tightening her arm around mine, I couldn't say anything.

So soft...

"...So! Don't forget about me."

"I got it!"

Maria, who was on the other side with her arm linked, pinched my arm.

It hurt, and I forgot about the softness.

"Ahem! Shin, is it okay to start soon?"

"Yeah. Sorry about that. Go ahead."

With all the guests assembled and my grandma's permission to start already given, Uncle Dis led the way to start.

Just at that moment...

"Ahh, we made it in time."

"Hoho, good timing indeed."

Grandpa's gate opened, and the two of them appeared.

"We were just about to start. By the way, are the guests you wanted to invite..."

"I see you're onto me, Disaum. Well, let's surprise everyone else."

With that, Grandma called out, "Come here!" toward the gate. Then, as the figure from the other side of the gate appeared...

"Huh?"

Everyone's eyes widened.

Of course they did.

Because the ones who had appeared were...

"Hehe. It's been a while, Mr. Wolford, and everyone from the Ultimate Magicians."

"I'm meeting you for the first time."

It was the Pope Ekaterina of Isek and the President Aaron of Els.

...Why?