
ChatGPT

Title: The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 136

Existence of Defeat

[Title - Existence of Defeat]

Acquisition Condition: Obtained upon successfully clearing the 99th floor of the Tower of Trials for the first time.

Effect: Nullification of mental-type damage

The title "Existence of Defeat" is a must-have when confronting angels.

This is because it can block the angels' ultimate skill, 'Sisal.'

"If you have this, the angels' Sisal won't affect you at all. Sisal falls under mental-type damage."

Now there's no reason to fear angels anymore.

Angels whose Sisal doesn't work on the player are almost like ordinary people.

"Of course, the seven archangels are on a different level."

The angels Ryu Min is referring to are the typical angels responsible for guidance.

Ryu Min's power is still insufficient to face the seven archangels.

"No, to be precise, I don't know. I've never faced them before. I can only guess their level based on the atmosphere and intuition."

At least reaching level 99 and equipping a 5-piece set of god-grade equipment should make it possible to confront the weakest of them, right?

It might be an overestimation, but Ryu Min felt that the archangels were powerful to that extent.

"At least, I can confront ordinary angels since I can block Sisal. Even battle angels."

There are two types of angels: ordinary angels and battle angels.

If ordinary angels have the disposable instant-kill skill Sisal, then battle angels are quite powerful.

"Battle angels are quite formidable. To the extent that they could reach level 99 if they were players."

In fact, Ryu Min was aiming for these battle angels rather than the ordinary angels responsible for guidance.

"If you defeat them, you can get quite decent rewards. Although they themselves might not be aware of that fact."

The title "Existence of Defeat" proves helpful in this regard.

This is because some attacks from battle angels fall under mental-type damage.

"I obtained the Existence of Defeat title in the previous round, and I fought against battle angels, so I'm sure."

Therefore, he couldn't afford to give up this title.

The rewards obtained by defeating battle angels were substantial.

"With this, I've taken a load off my mind. I obtained a title that can be considered the core of the tower."
ChatGPT

Feeling pleased, he raised the corners of his mouth, but the reward was not the only thing.

[Player who first cleared the 99th floor has been confirmed.] [Obtained 'Material Item Selection Voucher' as a reward.]

The title 'Existence of Defeat' is a reward for clearing the 99th floor, and currently, this is the first clear reward.

"Well, since only one person can receive the reward, it's obvious that it's me."

As Ryu Min chuckled, another message appeared.

[You have set an unbelievable record!] [Your achievement will be recorded in the Akashic Records.] [Received 'Legendary Item Selection Voucher' as a reward!]

This was also an expected reward.

"Whenever I clear the 99th floor, I always receive rewards and get mentioned in the Akashic Records."

However, when he defeated the High Orc in just one second last time, he did not anticipate this.

The idea of the Akashic Records came to mind.

"Last time they gave me a Unique Item Selection Voucher, and this time it's a Legendary."

With a smile on his face, Ryu Min first used the Material Item Selection Voucher.

[Choose one of the following materials.]

└ 1. Undying Skin Piece

└ 2. Ogre's Heart

………………

…………

└ 8. Mage Skeleton's Bone Powder

└ 9. Premium Tough Leather

└ 10. Abyssal Bead

An ordinary person might not understand, but Ryu Min could see how extraordinary these materials were.

"Indeed, all Legendary materials for the first reward."

Ryu Min chose one material he didn't have from among them.

[Selected number 10.] ['Abyssal Bead' has been added to your inventory.]

"Done. With this, I have all the Legendary materials."

When combined with what he already had, he could create one item.

"And by choosing it with the Legendary Item Selection Voucher..."

Already having a plan on what to choose, Ryu Min used the Akashic Records reward.

[You can choose one of the Legendary items.] [First, please touch the item type.]

└ 1. Weapon

└ 2. Shield

└ 3. Helmet

………………

………

……

└ 8. Ring

└ 9. Consumables

"I have it. Consumables category."

When he clicked on Consumables, a new set of options appeared.
ChatGPT

[Please touch one of the following consumables.]

└ 1. Potion of Life

└ 2. Elixir of Rapid Regeneration

└ 3. Potion of Indomitable Resistance

………………

………

……

└ 9. Infinite Material Pouch

└ 10. Golden Treasure Pouch

'Again this time.'

Ryu Min's hand moved decisively to option 9.

All the items were appealing, but if he had to choose one, there was nothing better.

'It's a means to obtain god-grade materials, after all.'

Ryu Min immediately checked the item information.

[Infinite Material Pouch]

Classification: Consumable

Grade: Legendary

Effect: Obtain randomly 1-5 top-grade materials.

Usage Restriction: Until the next round, Expert grade or higher

Description: A pouch that randomly pulls out materials from the infinite space. The items will automatically disappear when moving to the next round. Influenced by the Luck stat.

Though vaguely written as top-grade, Ryu Min understood.

'If I use this, there's a chance to get at least a Unique material, up to a god-grade material.'

With his current Luck stat, he would at least get a Legendary material.

There might be one or two god-grade ones in between.

'But if Minjuri's buff is active, the story might be different.'

Therefore, Ryu Min decided to postpone using it for now.

Since Minjuri's buff had ended while climbing the tower, using it now would be a loss.

'When we return to reality, I'll ask Minjuri for a favor to try it. But before that...'

Ryu Min opened the crafting window.

'Now that I have all the Legendary materials, shall I try making an item?'

Thanks to the Legendary material obtained a while ago, all the required materials were now available.

Ryu Min opened the shop window and purchased a Master-grade scythe called 'Death's Scythe.'

With this, he was planning to create a Legendary weapon.

'Using the existing Death's Side as a material will result in an Expert-grade Legendary, after all.'

What Ryu Min wanted was a Master-grade Legendary weapon.

The reason he purchased a 6,000 gold Normal scythe from the shop was because of this.

[Main Material]

Death's Scythe

[Sub Materials]

Undying Skin Piece

Ogre's Heart

Mage Skeleton's Bone Powder

Premium Tough Leather

Abyssal Bead
ChatGPT

Ryu Min wished to make a god-grade weapon rather than a Legendary, but he decided to postpone it.

"Well, the damage isn't lacking at the moment, so it's better to make other equipment first."

Even though the priority of creating a god-grade weapon was pushed back, he couldn't keep using just the Unique weapon, Death's Scythe, forever.

The decision to create a Legendary weapon was rooted in this.

"Now, shall we try combining?"

When he pressed the combine button, a bright light burst out.

[Combination Success!] [Created 'Corrupted God's Claw Scythe.'] [Corrupted God's Claw Scythe]

Classification: Weapon

Grade: Legendary

Attack Power: 666

Effect: Attack Speed +100%, can increase the scythe's width and length up to 5 times. However, damage is dispersed based on the number of monsters within the range.

Durability: 10,000/10,000

Usage Restriction: Master grade or higher

Description: A claw scythe favored by a corrupted god. The name was given because it sweeps monsters like a claw.

As mentioned in the description, the Claw Scythe allows for adjustment of length and range.

"In other words, it can be used as a ranged weapon."

It can be extended while swinging and also retracted.

In essence, it can be freely used like a whip with the scythe.

"Moreover, the size of the scythe increases, expanding the attack range."

With both increased range and size, it becomes convenient for defeating multiple enemies.

Almost comparable to Moonlight Edge in terms of range.

"The normal attack has a range similar to Moonlight Edge. In other words, it's a perfect weapon for hunting in a group."

The only drawback is that the damage is dispersed based on the number of monsters, but for a group of low-level monsters, it should be no problem to kill them all with a single hit.

"It's not weak against a single target either."

If there is only one monster within the attack range, the damage is not dispersed and is concentrated on that single target.

Truly a weapon that benefits the user regardless of whether facing many or few enemies.

It was natural that a smile did not leave Ryu Min's face.

"With this alone, I should easily secure first place in this round."

At that moment, as he was inserting the highest-grade red mana stone that was embedded in Death's Scythe into the new weapon...

Koogoo Gung-
ChatGPT

The tower shook as a message appeared.

[All floors of the tower have been cleared, and there are no remaining rewards.] [Initiating Trial Tower Collapse Sequence.] [Players will be returned to their original dimension shortly.] [Congratulations once again on clearing the Trial Tower.]

When Ryu Min opened his eyes, all he saw was pitch-black darkness.

"I've returned to the original cave."

It was the location of the sub-quest discovery, but there was no portal or anything visible in his sight.

Since he had already cleared it, no one would discover it now.

"I should go back and proceed with the main quest."

As Ryu Min retraced his steps, he released his transformation.

Having already gathered and consumed everything, there was no reason to continue acting as a Lost Yak.

Running quickly, he saw the extermination team still standing at the entrance of the Horsefly Forest.

"Fortunately, I'm not late."

Even though Ryu Min had spent nearly 28 hours in the tower, for them, only a few minutes had passed.

The message advising not to worry about the passage of time since they did not share the flow of time with the outside world explained the situation.

"Uh? Lord Black Scythe?"

Minjuri was surprised when she spotted Ryu Min.

Though Ryu Min had seen her 28 hours ago, it was the first time for Minjuri.

"Lord Black Scythe, is it really you? Truly Lord Black Scythe?"

"Yeah. Don't you recognize me?"

"I never expected to see Lord Black Scythe here. I thought Lord Black Scythe would naturally go to level 5."

"Didn't you say I'm going to level 1?"

"What? Oh..."

Even more surprised, Minjuri's eyes widened.

-W-Wait, did I follow because I said I'm going to level 1?

Upon hearing her inner thoughts, Ryu Min realized.

'Oh, I accidentally caused some misunderstanding.'

Trying to dispel Minjuri's strange imagination that had started to run wild, Ryu Min added.

"I thought it would be more beneficial for you to follow and receive buffs rather than going to level 5. Now, without buffs, my body feels empty."

"I didn't give buffs before the selection, right?"

"I did, but who knows? Quest times might extend to the point where you need continuous buffs. Also, I somehow felt that level 1 might be a better choice than level 5."
ChatGPT

"Ahh."

Minjuri, nodding as Ryu Min explained, seemed to have accepted the explanation.

"Anyway, welcome. With Lord Black Scythe here, it's as good as conquering the extermination."

Smiling, Minjuri reached out her hand.

"Since we're talking about it, let me buff you again."

"Thanks."

"No problem. Compared to the help from Lord Black Scythe, this is nothing."

While Minjuri was casting buffs, the extermination team slowly began to enter the forest.

Most players had tense expressions, but Minjuri casually walked alongside Lord Black Scythe, engaging in a conversation.

With the strongest level 80 player by her side, there was no need to feel nervous.

Of course, she was unaware that Lord Black Scythe's current level was 89.

"I won't doubt it even if I find out later that the level has increased a lot."

Given that they had faced the lowest difficulty lizardmen extermination at the lizardman top, it might seem strange, but that was all.

Most people would just let it go without questioning.

"Lord Black Scythe, have you ever fought lizardmen before?"

"Well, it's my first time."

Although he had pretended during the 8th round while circling the elf area, Minjuri believed he had also conquered the dwarf top.

"About how strong are lizardmen? Since you said level 1 is the easiest, they shouldn't be too powerful, right?"

"Don't worry. You're strong enough."

"But still, it's my first time facing such monsters, so I'm a bit nervous."

"In that case, watch others fight for a bit. If it's your first encounter with a monster, it's not bad to explore first."

"I should do that. Thank you for the advice. I'll study by watching Lord Black Scythe fight."

"Well, I don't think watching me fight will be of much help."

Although he spoke the truth, it seemed unheard by Minjuri.

Her mind was filled with the thought that watching Lord Black Scythe's battles would bring her comfort.

"By the way, that scythe looks different from before."

"Oh, this? I had a chance to obtain it."

"It somehow looks better than the previous one."

As they continued their somewhat mundane conversation, lizardmen suddenly emerged from the forest.

"Shiiiiing-!"

"Shiiii-!"
ChatGPT

Extermination Commander Kaltz shouted with a tense expression, "Everyone, prepare for battle!"

There was no other choice.

The lizardmen that had emerged were not just one or two.

There were easily over a few hundred of them.

It was inevitable since the number of lizardmen was designed to match the number of participants.

"There are too many lizardmen! Interdimensional warriors, don't separate from each other, and be cautious on both sides to exterminate the lizardmen..."

At that moment, Kaltz stopped speaking.

The players were staring blankly at one spot.

"What are you all doing during the battle!"

Losing focus like that during a battle was an extremely risky behavior.

Before causing chaos, he moved his gaze to where everyone was looking as if to see what they were staring at.

As Kaltz walked, he suddenly stopped.

"..."

Just like the players, he had no choice but to stand at a distance.

The figure of a reaper sweeping away the lizardmen with its scythe was visible.