
ChatGPT

Title: The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 170

Bang Taewan

"You, what happened to you?"

Bang Taewan was shocked as he looked at his brother lying in the hospital bed.

The face was badly bruised, showing clear signs of being hit by someone, and the arm and fingers were broken, necessitating surgery.

"Who... who did this to you? Who made you like this?"

"It's not someone... I, I accidentally fell down the stairs..."

"No way! It's clearly the mark of a beating!"

"..."

"Who is it? I'll kill them right now!"

At his brother's outcry, Bang Taekyu remembered Ryu Min's warning.

If he tried to retaliate or reported to the police, Ryu Min vowed to find him and break his other arm even if it meant going to the ends of the earth.

"D-Don't say anything. If that person finds out, I'll really die."

Seeing his terrified brother, Bang Taewan couldn't bring himself to say anything more.

"Let's talk about it later when you calm down."

He was well aware that his brother was associated with delinquents.

For a middle schooler, he had a strong physique and was unmatched among nearby high school students.

"My brother, who is like that, ended up like this?"

What kind of heinous crime did he commit to bring someone to such an extreme state?

Looking at his brother trembling in fear as if suffering from PTSD, Bang Taewan made a vow.

"I'll pay him back the same way."

Even though his brother remained silent, it wasn't difficult to figure out who the culprit was.

"The guy named Ryu Min's older brother?"

"Yes. I heard his name is Ryu Won."

"Why did they fight?"

"Well..."

He asked his brother's delinquent friends, and it turned out to be a revenge plot.

Ryu Min had picked a fight with Bang Taewan's brother, who used to bully him, as retaliation for a previous incident.

"Darn it, even so, isn't this too much? Turning a simple errand into something like this?"

Ryu Min's actions were meant to prevent a bigger incident, but Bang Taewan had no way of knowing that.

What mattered most was that his own brother had been beaten up badly.

"I'll kill him."

Revenge.

With that determination, Bang Taewan gathered information about where Ryu Min and Ryu Won, the brothers, lived.
ChatGPT

However, it was already after the move, and in the end, they decided to invest money and seek the help of a private investigator.

But the response they received was despairing.

"He doesn't use social media, there's no record, and we simply can't find any trace. There's no mail, no remaining photos, so there's no way. In our ten years of experience in this field, this is the first time we've encountered someone leaving no trace like this."

"Then how are we supposed to find him? If you can't find him, refund the money I gave you!"

"Don't worry, sir. It's not entirely without results. We've identified an ID frequently used by his friend named Ryu Won. Search that ID on goggles every day and see if any information pops up. If he creates a social media account or a game ID, you might be able to find him."

"So, you traced my game ID by searching that ID?"

"That's correct."

Yamddi, who heard the details from Bang Taewan, clicked her tongue.

"Well, tough. Quite resilient. Deceiving me by pretending to be a game friend for months just for revenge."

Ryu Won, who was listening nearby, couldn't hide his surprise.

"No wonder he asked detailed questions about our home address and my brother when we were playing games..."

But more surprising than that was the presence of a woman who addressed him as "Doyeonim" (a term indicating respect).

"Um, excuse me, what's your name?"

"Oh, I forgot to introduce myself. Call me Yamddi, Doyeonim."

"Yam... Ddi?"

"It's my nickname. As you can see, I'm a player. It looks obvious, doesn't it?"

"Oh, uh, yes..."

"How old do I look?"

"What?"

"Do I not look like I'm in my early twenties?"

"Well, yes."

"As expected, Doyeonim, you have a discerning eye. I did some management, but I didn't get any plastic surgery or anything."

"Um, but where have we seen you? Why do you keep calling me Doyeonim..."

"Huh? Didn't I mention it? I'm a friend of Ryu Min's."

"My... brother's?"

At the mention of his brother's name, Ryu Won's eyes widened.

"Did my brother have such a friend?"

It seems that, just like Ryu was making gaming friends in the other world, his brother had also made player connections. Nine months turned out to be longer than expected.
ChatGPT

"Well, I don't even know all of my brother's connections."

Yamddi explained the reason for coming here with a friendly smile.

"Doyeonim was worried when he heard that you were meeting a friend, so he asked me to come along. That's how much Ryu Min trusts me. Hoho."

"Oh, I see."

Now that she mentioned being a friend of his brother, he felt relieved.

"Did my brother foresee such a situation?"

Regardless, thanks to his prophetic brother, he survived.

"Thank you, Yam...ddi. I owe my life to you."

"Oh, I didn't do anything. It's just that Ryu Min told me to go ahead and stop it."

"I should thank my brother too."

Ryu Won, who had been grinning, suddenly looked at Bang Taewan, who was standing still.

"But how did you manage? You don't seem like a person who would calmly handle a situation like this."

"It's my ability. I can enchant people in an instant and make them follow me like subordinates."

"Oh, so..."

Now that Ryu Won understood the situation, he looked at Bang Taewan, who was standing silently.

"But really, is she really our brother's friend? Not more than that?"

"Huh? Does it look like that?"

"It's not like he's married to her, but she keeps calling him 'Doyeonim'..."

"Well, I don't know if they'll get married. Future Doyeonim."

"What?"

"Just kidding, just kidding. By the way, Doyeonim?"

Yamddi presented the mentally dominated Bang Taewan forward.

"What would you like to do with this trash? Should I hand you a knife? You should release your anger."

"Uh, well, that's a bit..."

"Don't worry about the aftermath. There's no one who cares enough to bother with erasing traces. I thought about killing him first, but will you just leave him alone? You could at least use him as a punching bag."

"Um... I'm really scared of hitting people..."

Ryu Won had never hit anyone in his life. He had never experienced anger or expressed his frustration. When he hit someone, he just cowered and endured. Naturally, he was afraid.

"Even though they're brothers, their personalities are completely different from each other, aren't they?"
ChatGPT

Not wanting to pursue punishment was hard to understand, but Bang Taewan decided to respect it.

Because he was the future Doyeonim.

"I'll respect Doyeonim's opinion. However, I can't just let this guy go. I need to inform Ryu Min about the situation and get his input."

"Oh, okay. Please do that."

"Trash, be quiet while I'm on the phone."

"Yes, Master."

Ryu Won, who was watching Bang Taewan, now turned into a well-behaved doll, glanced at Yamddi, who was looking at her phone.

"To enchant people and make them your subordinates... Players are dangerous for this reason."

While thinking about how terrifying that ability was, Ryu Won suddenly raised his head.

"Doyeonim?"

"Yes?"

"But seriously, how old do I look?"

"Heuk, heuk."

Without a moment's rest, ragged breaths escaped.

He didn't know how much time had passed.

In Joo Sungtak's mind, there was only the determination to mess with that guy.

But.

Whoosh, whoosh.

"That bastard doesn't get hit even once...!"

No matter how much he swung his hands, kicked, faked, and pulled all sorts of tricks, the guy avoided it like a ghost.

It had been a long time since he had discarded the heavy dagger.

A single touch with bare hands would mean Joo Sungtak's victory.

Then, by the system, he could turn that guy into his slave after making him beg for forgiveness and then kill him painfully.

But things didn't go as planned.

"Why are you so slow? You should move faster."

"This bastard...!"

"Oh my, is your mouth still alive? If you had any energy left, you should have saved it for cursing. Tsk tsk."

"You son of a b*tch!"

Ryu Min intentionally increased the effects of the drug, causing Joo Sungtak's health to decrease even faster.

No matter how overwhelming the stat difference was, when using the Curse of Fear, Ryu Min was also in danger.

"If he gets caught even once, he won't be able to move for 3.4 seconds."

Due to the penalty of not wearing equipment, his current resistance was very low.

With only a base resistance of 15% and an additional resistance obtained from the tower of 20%, when applied through multiplication, he could only defend against 32% of the effects.
ChatGPT

"So, there's a 68% chance of getting hit by the Curse of Fear, and when it happens, it lasts for 3.4 seconds."

Not being able to move for 3.4 seconds in a duel where a single lapse of attention could lead to defeat?

If caught, it should be considered fatal.

That's why he strategizes to keep a distance during the guy's curse-casting timing.

"Now it's time to finish this."

Tak, tak, tak, tak, tak-

Avoiding Joo Sungtak's gestures, Ryu Min filled up the touch count.

Head, back, shoulders, arms, etc.

As he dodged and touched, he toyed with Joo Sungtak's body.

"Why the hell isn't anything hitting! Why!"

Although the guy complained, the count was gradually filling up, reaching 99 in no time.

"One more touch, and it's my victory."

"You son of a b*tch!"

At the moment when Joo Sungtak looked frustrated.

Thump, thump, thump, thump, thump-

With the sound of knocking on the front door, a voice was heard from outside.

It was the thug from the lower floor.

"Hey, you disabled punk! Come out! Because of you, I can't take a nap, you son of a b*tch!"

Seems like unable to bear with the continuous noise, he came upstairs.

"Come out! Won't you come out? What are you doing, making a fuss by jumping around, you crippled b*stard! Come oooout! I'll kill you, whether you're a player or a cripple!"

Even though the thug yelled, Joo Sungtak surprisingly smiled broadly.

The guy's presence was a hope to turn the unfavorable situation around.

Taht-

Rushing to the front door, Joo Sungtak tried to open it.

Ryu Min, who had already figured out the plan, also rushed, but at the moment the guy looked at him.

[Status affected by 'Fear.']

Fate had it that Joo Sungtak fell victim to the fear curse he had cast.

Of course, Ryu Min had anticipated it and kept a sufficient distance to avoid being touched.

Click-

Joo Sungtak had enough time to open the front door.

"Now the door will open, you son of a b*tch. I told you to be quiet... Damn!"

In a flash, the dagger he swung pierced the neck of the thug Kim Jong-seon who had run up.

Thud-

Having secured the corpse in an instant, Joo Sungtak went out into the corridor.

The confrontation between Joo Sungtak and Ryu Min became a tableau with the corpse in between.

"Hehe, come and see, punk. The moment you come closer, I'll explode the corpse, so be careful."

"It's become troublesome. By the way, did you know that?"

Sizzle, sizzle-

Electricity flowed from Ryu Min's body.
ChatGPT

"Trying to explode a corpse won't change anything."

"What the hell? You said you couldn't use skills as a penalty!"

"This is a rune?"

Ryu Min, who had amplified his movement speed with the Rune of Lightning, closed the distance in an instant.

Terrified Joo Sungtak belatedly tried to memorize the activation command.

"Corpse explo..."

Crack!

There was no chance to use the skill.

Joo Sungtak, with his face distorted by tremendous force, was slammed into the wall and instantly killed.

[The duel has ended. 'Black Scythe' is the winner.] [Since the opponent has been defeated, you will now become a slave, serving and obeying 'Black Scythe' for the rest of your life.]

Ryu Min, the entity, looked at Joo Sungtak upon seeing the appeared message.

The face of the guy, whom he thought had died, had been restored.

It was because this duel was not one where their lives were at stake.

Although he didn't regain his consciousness.

"I won. We got a casualty though."

While he managed to prevent the corpse explosion, he couldn't save the thug from his death.

Putting aside the regret, Ryu Min used his ability to erase any traces and made the corpse disappear.

At that moment, he received a call from Yumti.

"What's going on? What? Something happened to your younger brother?"

Hearing that something happened to his younger brother and luckily he managed to handle it, Ryu Min asked for details.

"Really? You kept him alive for now?"

-Yes. What should we do? Master.

Ryu Min replied succinctly to the question about the handling of Bae Taewan.

"Send me the address, and send him here."

After hanging up, Ryu Min immediately woke up Joo Sungtak.

"Hey, Joo Sungtak."

"Uh-huh?"

The guy, who seemed like he would attack as soon as he saw Ryu Min, quickly lowered his head like a docile lamb.

"I, I greet the master. Please give me orders."

"Sure. Here's your first order."

With a cruel smile, Ryu Min spoke.

"In a little while, a guy named Bae Taewan will come here. Kill him."