
ChatGPT

Title: The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 171

In front of the house.

"Hyung! Over here!"

When Ryu Min's younger brother, who was waiting in the alley, saw him, he waved with a pleased expression.

"Have you arrived, Mr. Ryu Min?"

Although the younger brother secretly winked, Ryu Min turned his head inwardly, sticking out his tongue.

"Are you okay? Really? Did you get hurt anywhere?"

"I got slapped a little, but I'm fine."

"It seems like more than just a little, doesn't it? Come here."

As Ryu Min placed his hand on the swollen cheek, a warm light flowed out.

"Huh? It doesn't hurt anymore. What did you do?"

"Just a simple healing skill."

"Wow, we don't need to go to the hospital? It's effective."

"Now let's go home."

"Hyung."

Ryu Min, who was about to move, turned his head at his brother's call.

"Why?"

"Why didn't you say anything to me? You could have scolded me, saying if I had stayed at home, such things wouldn't have happened, and now you know how dangerous the player is. But why didn't you say anything?"

"I already know, so what's the point of saying it."

"What?"

"Did you not feel it too? The danger outside. The fear of the player."

Ryu Won silently nodded.

He felt it clearly this time.

The world is still too dangerous to roam freely.

"I didn't say anything because I already knew. There's no use in saying it, it would just be nagging."

"..."

"I'm satisfied just knowing that you're safe. If something had happened to you..."

Ryu Min turned his head, unwilling to think about it.

The rest remained swallowed in his heart.

"Let's go. Home."

"Yeah."

Ryu Won looked at Yanti as he followed.

He only nodded as if to say, "Go first."

"Hyung, why isn't Yanti coming with us?"

"Because our homes are in opposite directions. She'll find her own way."

"Yes, understood... no, Mr. Ryu Won. Please go ahead."

Although Yanti shook hands, her eyes kept meeting Ryu Won's.

"Hyung, should we invite Yanti to our house?"

"Why?"
ChatGPT

"That, well, it's not just for my brother, but the one who saved my life. I can't just part ways after being helped. It seems only right to do something in return as a repayment..."

Indeed, it was Yanti who directly saved Ryu Won.

It's understandable to want to treat a lifesaver with gratitude.

"But even if we invite her home, there's nothing special to offer."

"I know how to cook. I've been practicing cooking while watching YouTube since I have a lot of free time these days. I've already bought ingredients at home."

"You're going to cook dinner yourself?"

"Yeah. Yanti, what do you think? How about having dinner at our place? I may not be perfect, but I can manage to some extent."

"Oh... really?"

It was touching, but Yanti rolled her eyes and glanced at Ryu Min.

The desire to go was apparent, but permission from the owner was necessary.

Ryu Min, who secretly sighed, spoke dryly.

"Fine. Yanti, my brother wants us to have dinner at our place."

As permission was granted, Yanti's face lit up.

"Okay!"

Beep beep beep - Ring ring -

Returning home, Seo Arin sighed and sank onto the sofa.

Her mind was complicated.

The face she had deliberately tried to forget came to mind.

"Hwang Yongmin. To think I would see that jerk there..."

The last time she saw him was in the 4th round of death.

Since then, she neither saw nor thought about him.

Because she wanted to forget.

Because she was afraid to recall.

But she never thought they would meet by chance in reality.

"His face is the same as in the other world, only the muscles of his body are different."

A short but fateful encounter.

It seemed that he also recognized her.

"Well, I look the same in the other world and in reality..."

Recently, she even shot a public service advertisement for the CPF unit and was a public figure, so there was no way he wouldn't recognize her.

"Why did he come to the Sasin School? Didn't he suffer greatly from the Black Reaper back then?"

Suffered greatly or not?

Hwang Yongmin lost both arms and continued to suffer from ongoing torment after that.

Of course, Seo Arin didn't know how he was tormented.

"He didn't come to the Sasin School for a good reason. He must have come to seek revenge on the Black Reaper. There's no doubt about that."
ChatGPT

He wandered around, seeking revenge against a man he had a grudge with, likely having fought, and fled when he felt the surrounding attention.

Considering the circumstances, there was no other way to think.

"I can't let harm come to the Black Reaper. I have to eliminate him."

Although it was surprising that he had survived until the 10th round, the crucial part was that he might become an obstacle in the future.

"I have to kill him."

Of course, the Black Reaper had spared him, but considering the potential interference in the future, it was better to kill him. He was confident.

"The me from back then and the me now are completely different people."

After being betrayed by trusted fellow actors, and receiving advice from the Black Reaper not to trust people, Seo Arin was reborn.

She wouldn't just be a victim anymore.

Before becoming a victim again, she would strike first.

With such thoughts, she lay on the sofa, looking at the ceiling when suddenly, a face appeared.

It was Ahn Sang-cheol.

"Oh, surprised!"

"Did I startle you?"

"Yes, you did. Why wouldn't I be surprised?"

Annoyed, Seo Arin lifted her upper body.

She thought the place was empty, but it seemed he had casually entered.

"I didn't know you were here. I would've noticed if I had seen your shoes."

"I had no chance to check that."

"Why? What happened?"

To Ahn Sang-cheol's question, Seo Arin hesitated for a moment.

"Can I trust the security guard?"

Ever since receiving advice from the Black Reaper, she had become wary.

"If it's President Ma, he can abandon me anytime. And as for the security guard, it's a given if he's President Ma's subordinate."

Ma Kyung-rok and Ahn Sang-cheol should be considered a set.

Both were people she couldn't trust.

"Why? What happened that made you so absent-minded?"

"..."

Although she didn't want to share information, Seo Arin eventually decided to speak.

After all, wasn't Ahn Sang-cheol someone who had faced the risk of dying with her?

"Do you remember Hwang Yong-min?"

"If it's Hwang Yong-min... Wasn't he the one who chased us in the forest during the 2nd round?"

"Yes. Today, I coincidentally met that person."

"That jerk is still alive?"

Ahn Sang-cheol didn't know because he hadn't paid attention, not seeing or caring during missions.

"He's alive."

"He's quite resilient. I thought a guy like him would be eliminated before the 10th round."
ChatGPT

"Her personality has always been terrible, both then and now. She said she would beat disabled people to death."

"..."

Ahn Sang-cheol's expression was one of surprise, but the reason for his surprise was not because of his own reaction but because of Seo Arin's gaze.

"What's going on? Is she alive?"

Despite her pretty face, there was a chill in her eyes.

"I have to kill him."

"..."

"That guy, if we keep him alive, he'll just be a hindrance. Hwang Yong-min has to be killed."

In the cold tone of her words, Ahn Sang-cheol's eyes blinked in astonishment.

"Is this the same Seo Arin I knew?"

Not long ago, during the 2nd round, she had questioned if it was necessary to kill him.

She, who had almost been a victim of sexual assault, had worried about the life and death of the perpetrator like a saint.

"But she changed like this?"

Despite going through all sorts of trials and tribulations, this was the first time such a noticeable change had occurred.

"Was there some kind of catalyst?"

The betrayal by fellow actors was a fact known only to the Black Reaper and Seo Arin.

It was only natural for Ahn Sang-cheol to be puzzled.

"Okay. Killing him cleanly is probably better, as Arin said."

"Is that so?"

"But it was the Black Reaper who spared Hwang Yong-min back then. The Prophet also told us not to track Hwang Yong-min anymore."

"The Prophet...?"

Seo Arin asked with a puzzled expression.

"Why is that?"

"The Representative told him that if he interferes with Hwang Yong-min, he'll face great danger."

"That's all?"

"Yes. He said he couldn't disclose more details."

"..."

Even Seo Arin was unaware of this fact.

"Why did the Prophet protect Hwang Yong-min?"

She wondered, but there was nothing she could do.

"If the Prophet said so, there must be a reason. I have no choice but to fold."

Seo Arin decided to give up on revenge.

"It can't be helped. We just have to hope that he won't be a hindrance anymore."

"Don't worry. He's been lucky so far, but a guy like him won't live much longer."

"I'm more worried that he might seek revenge against the Black Reaper than against me."

"Look at this."

Ahn Sang-cheol glanced at her.

He had sensed that she had some fondness for the Black Reaper, but to openly express concern like this was unexpected.

Although a strange sense of jealousy arose, Ahn Sang-cheol coolly smiled and said.
ChatGPT

"Do you know? The most useless worry in the world is worrying about the Black Reaper."

"Security Guard, just because you can't worry as you wish doesn't mean the Black Reaper isn't a person. He can be in danger at any time."

"..."

To have a life-or-death reaction to a joke. Ahn Sang-cheol was speechless for a moment.

At that moment, Seo Arin looked into the air and smiled.

It seemed she was checking a message.

"Why are you doing that, Miss Arin?"

"Just in case, I searched for Hwang Yong-min to track him, but it seems a bit strange."

"What do you mean by strange?"

"It says he doesn't exist."

"What?"

Tracking is a skill that can be used in reality if you know the face and name. If the conditions are met, it should be possible to track.

"Is the person you saw really Hwang Yong-min?"

"Yes."

"You didn't see it wrong?"

"I didn't. Do you think my memory is that bad? It was definitely Hwang Yong-min, that person."

"Then could it be that his name is not Hwang Yong-min?"

"If it were an alias, it should show that the face and name don't match. But it says the person doesn't exist at all."

"Hmm. That is strange."

To Ahn Sang-cheol, it was clearly unusual.

"Wait a moment. Let me try with another person."

In case, Seo Arin searched for Hong Seon-ah.

And then she realized.

[This person does not exist.]

"Oh."

The message was not lying.

"Why are you doing this, Miss Arin?"

"Just in case, I tried tracking the name of a deceased person, and it says the person doesn't exist."

"Really? That means Hwang Yong-min is already dead."

"Uh... Yeah, that's right."

"Then who is the person Miss Arin saw? Did you see a ghost?"

"..."

Feeling a chill, Seo Arin couldn't continue her words.

"What, what did I see?"

Thinking of it as a ghost made goosebumps rise on her arms.

"I'll try searching for another person, maybe it's a malfunction."

The system malfunctioned.

It sounded absurd, but if she didn't do it like this, she would truly be convinced that she saw a ghost.
ChatGPT

"Who should I look for? Oh, let me try with the Prophet."

Thinking of Ryu Min's face, Seo Arin called his name.

[Face and name match. Tracking the target's location.] [Location of the target 'Ryu Min' has been identified.] [Currently 125m away.] [To track the target, follow the arrow in front of you.]

"I thought of the Prophet, and it's tracking. He's quite close."

"Oh, really?"

"As the distance is decreasing, it seems like he's coming home."

"Then how about asking the Prophet now? Is Hwang Yong-min really dead?"

"Would the Prophet know that?"

"Since they originally advised not to mess with Hwang Yong-min, they might know about his life and death."

"Sure."

The two of them went outside and used the stairs to descend to the lower floor.

If they waited in front of Ryu Min's house, they would likely encounter him when he arrived.

Ding-

When the elevator door opened, as expected, the two met Ryu Min.

"Hello, Mr. Ryu Min."

"Hmm? Actress Seo? Director Ahn?"

His younger brother, Ryu Won, was also there.

But between them was a woman they hadn't seen before.

Seo Arin glanced at Yanti with a puzzled expression.

"Somehow she looks familiar... Where have I seen her before?"

As Seo Arin pondered, she suddenly remembered.

"Y-you're...."

It was the woman who claimed to be an acquaintance of the Black Reaper.