
ChatGPT

Title: "Episode 200 of the 100th Regression of a Max Level Player"

Episode 200: "The Cave of Trials"

The first trial that can be efficiently conquered if there is a tank.

"If there's a tank, you can easily attract the monster's attention with a provocation skill or block it like An Sang-cheol with the knight's protection skill."

But it doesn't necessarily mean that you have to have a tank to conquer.

"The key is not to get hit by the monster for 10 minutes."

Before the monsters appeared, Ryu Min raised his scythe and looked up.

Giant stalactites adorned the ceiling of the cave.

Shrrrrak-

The scythe, extended like a whip, cleanly cut dozens of stalactites.

"What's going on...."

Thud, thud, thud, thud!

Giant stalactites stuck to the ground, blocking the path in the cave like iron bars.

Only then did John Delgado, who understood the actions of the black scythe, close his mouth.

"So, is he trying to block the monsters' invasion with the stalactites?"

Although he became a captive trapped in the stalactite bars in an instant, the effect was certain.

"Krrrrr, Kong Kong!"

"Sshhiiing!"

The werewolves and lizardmen trying to enter the cave were blocked by the stalactites and could not approach.

A situation where prey is visible but cannot be eaten.

Even though the monsters tried their best to break the stalactites, it was insufficient.

From the beginning, the stalactites of this otherworldly cave boasted a weight that could be driven into the cave's stone floor.

It was not so easy to break.

"To cut such stalactites so easily as if cutting tofu...."

Looking at the black scythe that smoothly cut through like cutting tofu, it was impossible to estimate how high the damage was.

"The first trial seems to be over. Let's all take a break for 10 minutes."

Nonchalantly saying so, people sat down one by one following the black scythe on the floor.

"It's amazing. I never thought it could be broken so easily."

John also sat down, sticking his tongue out inside.

Although the monsters, just 10 meters away, were spitting saliva and glowing, there was no sense of danger.

Because the stalactites were densely packed, preventing the monsters from emerging.

After a somewhat noisy 10 minutes, a message appeared.
ChatGPT

"[You have successfully passed the first trial.] [The cumulative damage of the team is 0.] [As a successful reward, the door to the next trial is now open.]"

Kuguguggung-

The cave walls shifted, and the blocked path opened.

Turning his head, John Delgado noticed that the monsters, glowing as they tried to break through the stalactites, had disappeared without a trace.

"Let's go."

Following Ryu Min, the party members moved.

John Delgado was curious about what the second trial would be, but other party members already knew.

They had heard it through the prophecy.

When they walked about 100 steps, a wide open space appeared before them.

"Is this it? The location of the second trial."

As John approached with the party members as expected, a message appeared.

└Defeat 100 Golems in the second trial within 1 hour.

└Upon success ▶ Next trial opens.

└Upon failure ▶ One party member will be eliminated through a vote.

[The second trial Golems are special monsters immune to ranged weapons and magic.] [If you defeat 100 Golems within the time limit of 1 hour, the trial will end.] [On the other hand, if you fail to defeat 100 Golems by the end of the time limit, it will be considered a failure.] [If the trial is not overcome, one party member will be eliminated through internal voting.]

'A special monster immune to ranged weapons and magic?'

The mission itself was simple, but the level of the monsters was not so simple.

'Does that mean archers or wizards can't do anything?'

Reading the description, John suddenly thought of Dark Soul, a member of Messiah.

If the sniper was here, he should be sucking on his fingers or something.

[Monsters will appear in 10 seconds. Please be prepared for the monster's emergence together!]

While reading the message, the black scythe moved forward again.

"Everyone, stay behind me. I'll take care of the monsters."

In response to his words, the party members stepped back without hesitation.

In this situation, the only person who could defeat the monsters was the black scythe.

In essence, only melee dealers could fight in this situation.

'[Zephyr] and [Stupid Dummies], those two guys don't have weapons, so I can't tell what job they are....'

Seeing that they were not holding weapons, they didn't seem to be melee dealers.
ChatGPT

There was no need to mention [Democracy], which had been buffing.

‘My summon can also engage in melee combat, but...’

It didn't seem like the black scythe would let it happen.

‘Yeah. It's better to leave it to the black scythe and quickly conquer it instead of interfering unnecessarily.’

At level 90, he would handle it easily.

Then it happened.

Kuguguggung-

Stone fragments formed a tower from all directions, creating five Golems.

The size, easily surpassing 3 meters, was larger than expected, but it didn't matter.

In front of the black scythe, it was just a mere rock.

Swish! Swish!

Rumble-

Had it been two seconds?

The Golems crumbled down shortly after being created.

‘I expected it, but I didn't think they would be defeated so quickly....’

The scythe of the black scythe was so fast that it couldn't be caught by the naked eye.

It just passed by swiftly, and the Golems collapsed with a rustling sound.

‘Even though it attacked from a distance like a whip, the Golems died. And all at once.’

Due to the nature of the scythe, it seemed to be classified as a melee weapon, not recognized as a ranged attack.

John, who was watching the experience messages that suddenly came to mind, marveled.

[You have defeated the second trial Golems!] [Experience +1.53%] [Gold +600] [Experience +1.53%] [Gold +600] [Experience +1.53%] [Gold +600]

......

......

‘Even though it's a party, so much experience and gold are coming in....’

The level of the Golems seems to be stronger than imagined.

Nevertheless, the black scythe effortlessly sent the Golems back to the ground when they were created.

Swish- Swish- Swish-!

Rumble-

It didn't take an hour to defeat 100 of them.

It took just under 2 minutes.

[You have successfully passed the second trial.] [The team's completion time is 00:01:59.] [As a successful reward, the door to the next trial is now open.]

Kuguguggung-

A secret door on one side of the chamber opened, revealing a path.

"Let's go."

Following the black scythe, another chamber appeared.

└Defeat 100 Golems in the third trial within 1 hour.

└Upon success ▶ Next trial opens.

└Upon failure ▶ One party member will be eliminated through a vote.
ChatGPT

[The third trial Golems are special monsters immune to melee weapons.] [If you defeat 100 Golems within the time limit of 1 hour, the trial will end.] [On the other hand, if you fail to defeat 100 Golems by the end of the time limit, it will be considered a failure.] [If the trial is not overcome, one party member will be eliminated through internal voting.] [Shortly, Golems will be summoned within the chamber.]

The third trial was also about defeating 100 monsters.

The difference, however, was that the Golems were immune to melee weapons this time.

‘Does this mean we have to defeat them only with ranged weapons or magic?’

Since John didn't know how to use either, there was no place for him to step up.

He had to rely on someone else, and naturally, his gaze turned to the black scythe.

He was the strongest magician John had encountered so far.

"I'll go."

Once again, when the black scythe stepped forward, John felt relieved.

He believed that the third trial could also be easily conquered.

However, the buffer did not seem to think so.

"Huh? Lord Black Scythe, do you know how to use magic as well?"

She asked as if she hadn't seen a fellow using magic.

"I can. I recently learned."

"Oh."

Without saying anything else, Democracy stepped back.

Seeing her not asking any further questions, it seemed like she had a considerable amount of trust.

[Monsters will appear in 10 seconds. Please be prepared for the monster's emergence together!]

When the message disappeared and exactly 10 seconds had passed, just like before, five Golems were created around.

Terrifyingly.

Fazizizizik-!

The black scythe's lightning spread in all directions, striking the Golems.

Naturally, it was a one-shot.

‘Even looking at it again, it's ridiculously strong....’

Seeing the skill that cleared 30 of his own summoned creatures in one blow, John unknowingly swallowed dry saliva.

In the end, the third trial was also cleared in just under two minutes.

[You have successfully passed the third trial.] [The team's completion time is 00:02:02.] [As a successful reward, the door to the next trial is now open.]

‘Thank goodness. The black scythe knows how to use magic.’

What if he had a job class that didn't have ranged weapons or know how to use magic?

He would have struggled in the third trial.

‘He might have been playing hide-and-seek with the Golems just to survive, probably.’

After enduring for an hour, they would have had to vote to kill one party member to proceed to the next trial.
ChatGPT

‘I may not know, but there will surely be parties eliminated by votes in this section.’

With that thought, John followed the black scythe through the secret door.

Unlike before, there was no large chamber; instead, a narrow passage appeared.

At that moment, a message appeared, and upon reading its contents, John had to widen his eyes in surprise.

└Help the angel win in battle.

└Upon success ▶ Open the final trial.

└Upon failure ▶ Randomly eliminate one party member.

He thought this might be about defeating monsters again, but it wasn't.

‘Help the angel?’

While he was puzzled, an explanation appeared.

[In a moment, an angel and a devil will appear in front of you, pointing their swords at each other.] [Since the devil is inherently stronger, it is an unfavorable fight for the angel.] [If you help the angel to win, the trial will end.] [However, for this round, attacks and skills are prohibited, and no interference is allowed in the battle except for support skills.] [So, the only way to help the angel is through support skills.] [Use your skills to overturn the unfavorable situation!] [If the angel is killed by the devil, it will be considered a failure.] [If the trial is not overcome, one party member will be randomly eliminated.]

Having played many games, John could catch the intention at once.

‘Ah, I see. This time, it's a trial testing supporting abilities.’

His gaze this time was not on the black scythe but on Democracy.

Fortunately, the team had a buffer.

‘If she casts a set of three buffs, she can easily reverse the situation.’

Thinking that it would go smoothly again this time, the black scythe spoke without hesitation.

"I'll take the lead, so just watch."

‘What? Again this time?’

It's a trial testing supporting abilities, and doesn't the black scythe lack that ability?

Before he could solve his confusion, the trial began.

"Die, you crazy angel!"

"You filthy devil bastard!"

Suddenly, an angel and a devil appeared, pointing their swords at each other.

The problem was that the angel seemed significantly disadvantaged in terms of strength or skill.

‘How can I help? I don't even have support skills.’

John's doubts were resolved as soon as he saw the actions of the black scythe.

Wooong-
ChatGPT

Warm light enveloped the angel.

'Ah! There was emergency treatment.'

Emergency treatment, a common skill, was indeed one of the support skills.

The problem was that using emergency treatment for support had a significantly lower effect.

‘At best, it's a skill that can do some bleeding control... but?'

In the midst of speaking, John had to doubt his own eyes.

The emergency treatment, dismissed as an insignificant skill, instantly healed the torn wounds of the angel.

'What? Was emergency treatment such a good skill?'

No, there's no way it could be.

John knows well from experience that emergency treatment is a skill with at best healing capabilities equivalent to hemostasis.

‘Then what happened there?'

The angel, who was in a precarious situation after being attacked by the devil, began to fight back vigorously after periodic healing from the black scythe.

"Kuuuugh!"

"Die! Die, you damn devil!"

The angel's sword pierced through the devil's chest.

The disadvantaged angel reversed the situation and achieved victory.

[You have succeeded in the fourth trial.] [As a reward for success, the door to the final trial is now open.]

Once again, with the help of the black scythe, John passed the trial.

‘Well, I didn't have to take action.’

Smiling with disappointment, John inevitably followed the black scythe.

No, he tried to follow.

‘Huh? What's going on?'

The black scythe, who he thought would move right away, was standing still.

Judging by the gaze fixed in the air, it seemed like they were reading a message.

John's prediction was correct.

Not that it wasn't, but a message appeared before Ryu Min's eyes.

[You have completed the subquest!]
Liked it? Take a second to support EternalFortune on Patreon!