
ChatGPT

Title: "Episode 221 of the 100th Regression of a Max Level Player"

Two Archangels

Ryumin joined a mercenary group and received a subjugation quest.

As a veteran mercenary, he was assigned a more challenging quest than others.

"This is the Forest of Mazu at the edge of the Luthus Mountains. Occasionally, due to Mazus that emerge and attack the road, the Hormos Merchant Union is suffering."

Subjugation Commander Kaltz looked around at the mercenaries and continued the briefing.

"Our mission is to eliminate the Blood Orc with the highest population in the Mazu Forest. They go berserk when they see blood, and their combat power increases, so try not to get wounded. Let's depart."

"Yes!"

While the subjugation force was moving, Ryumin was looking into the sky.

└ Condition ▶ Subjugate 100 Blood Orcs

└ Reward ▶ Slight increase in mercenary group rank experience, 30,000 gold, and experience points

└ Current number of defeated Blood Orcs (0/100)

The rewards weren't particularly noteworthy.

Because he had no more greed for gold or experience points.

'It's about raising the mercenary group rank.'

As expected, if he cleared this quest about 20 times, he could reach the Master rank.

Step-step-

Numerous mercenaries advanced through the bushes.

Counting heads, there were a total of 40.

In theory, it was a party made up of veteran mercenaries, but excluding Ryumin, they were all NPCs.

'I should quickly deal with the 100 and then take the next subjugation quest.'

In the Mazu Forest, there were a total of ten subjugation quests, so completing one would allow him to immediately receive the next one.

In terms of a linked system, the advantages of subjugation quests could be considered.

[The location of the target 'Blood Orc' has been identified.] [It is currently 210m away.]

Using tracking skills, Ryumin located the monster.

When he used the surrounding exploration skill, he saw several red dots at the expected location.

"Quick! Attack!"

The mercenaries who spotted the Blood Orcs prepared for battle with their weapons raised.

However, before that, Ryumin's scythe moved.

Swish-!

Slash-!

Thunk! Thunk!
ChatGPT

With the scythe, he beheaded the creatures, sent lightning bolts through them, and incinerated their bodies.

Successively, he scattered the Dark Blade, once again cleaving the body in two with the scythe.

[You have defeated a Blood Orc!] [Experience points are increased by 1.5 times due to title effect.] [Experience +0.24%] [Gold +800] [Additional Gold +400] [Current kill count: 10/100] [Stats increase by 10% with the Rune of Slaughter effect.] [44 enemies are within a 100m radius.] [Stats increase by 44% with the Rune of One Hundred Kills effect.]

In an instant, he took down five, and then swiftly killed another five that appeared.

It all happened in the blink of an eye, as mercenaries blinked their eyes five times.

"No, what just happened?"

"They were sparkling, and then suddenly they all died."

"Warrior from another world, did you do this?"

In response to the mercenaries' questions, Ryumin nodded.

There was no reason to hide, and he intended to quickly complete the quest by revealing his true abilities.

The subsequent progress went smoothly.

[You have completed the sub-quest!] [Experience +4.8%] [Gold +30,000] [Slight increase in mercenary group rank experience.] [Mazu Forest quest remains. Would you like to proceed to the next subjugation quest? Y/N]

In less than 20 minutes of killing 100 Blood Orcs, a linked quest notification appeared.

Pressing Y would lead to another subjugation quest in the Mazu Forest, while pressing N would return to the mercenary group.

'Of course, yes.'

Accepting the linked quest immediately moved on to 'Defeat 100 Trolls.'

After easily concluding that, he went on to handle various monsters such as Poison Slimes, Ancient Trees, Corrupted Vampires, and before he knew it, two hours had swiftly passed.
ChatGPT

"[You have defeated the Blood Golem!] [Experience points are increased by 1.5 times due to title effect.] [Experience +0.21%] [Gold +700] [Additional Gold +350] [You have leveled up!] [Current kill count: 503/100] [Stats increase by 100% with the Rune of Slaughter effect.] [28 enemies are within a 100m radius.] [Stats increase by 28% with the Rune of One Hundred Kills effect.]"

'Questing diligently, my level has gone up.'

At level 92, Ryumin checked the time and considered returning.

After cleaning up the surroundings with that thought, the mercenaries were wide-eyed with amazement.

"Haha, your skill is always incredible. A truly remarkable expert has joined us!"

Subjugation Commander Kaltz and the mercenaries praised him until their mouths went dry.

It was to be expected, as Ryumin had slaughtered the monsters in the Mazu Forest to the point of exhaustion.

However, Ryumin was not one to bask in NPC compliments.

'I'll just finish the Blood Golem quest and quickly go meet Russell...'

That's when it happened.

On the exploration skill that had been turned on, two additional red dots appeared.

'Monsters respawned?'

It seemed unlikely.

They were approaching much faster than expected.

'That... is not a monster.'

Soon, when the two points came within 100m, the message changed.

[There are 30 enemies within a 100m radius.] [Stats increase by 30% with the Rune of One Hundred Kills effect.]

Two more enemies were added to the previous 28.

He didn't know what it was, but two foes were approaching rapidly.

Precisely in his direction.

'They're within 60m now.'

As they entered the range of his perception, he could sense their movements.

'Heavens.'

Ryumin's gaze shifted upward.

A winged creature flying above the trees came into view.

It was none other than an Archangel.

"Look at that! There's something up there!"

"When I see wings, it must be an angel!"

"Wow, O Lord!"

Despite feeling the divine aura even from a distance, the mercenaries couldn't help but show expressions of amazement and ecstasy. However, Ryumin remained expressionless.

He knew the reason why they appeared now.

'Are they here to kill me?'

The angels descended gracefully like feathers, and their gaze focused precisely on Ryumin.

[Found him. The Black Scythe.] [You were here, you bug's offspring.]

With many feathers and a giant presence, it seemed they had sent formidable beings.

From a distance of 20m, Ryumin peered into their intentions.
ChatGPT

"One is Uriel, the Archangel of Light and Flames, ranked fourth, and the other is Raguel, the Archangel of Justice, Fairness, and Harmony, ranked fifth."

Fortunately, stronger beings didn't appear, but the appearance of the two still put Ryumin on edge.

"Did killing one Archangel make it like this? Facing an angel is nothing like the previous encounters."

Thinking that they might even summon the top-ranked one, he observed them as if searching for something.

Unlike the tense Ryumin, the atmosphere around the Archangels was relaxed.

"Uriel, as promised, shall I take care of him first? Don't interfere, please." "Sure, I got it. I'll make sure not to interfere." "Don't worry about trivial matters. Who am I? Am I not the Judgment of Justice that even demons tremble at?" "Yeah, if you're so great, try subduing him without a scratch. It would be good to save face for the higher-ups." "Just leave it to me. I'll show you what justice is."

With a confident smile, Raguel folded his wings and drew the sword at his waist.

The golden-bladed longsword was impressive, but the unusual thing was that it had two handles on both sides.

"Is he an angel who uses dual swords?"

Considering that a one-handed sword and shield were usually standard, the use of dual swords suggested an aggressive style.

"I need to confirm how skilled he is."

While Ryumin decided to initiate the exploration beforehand, he couldn't help but smirk internally as he watched Uriel, who was approaching with a clenched fist from behind.

"It seems they're taking turns coming at me. It worked out well."

Just as Ryumin was preparing for the worst, Raguel approached and spoke.

"Did you say Black Scythe? No, we don't even need to mention the likes of bugs. From now on, we will judge you. Do I need to spell out the charges?"

"Charges? I have no idea what you're talking about."

"Trash-like human. Do you not even know what deeds you've committed?"

"What are you talking about? Tell me in a way I can understand, you angelic demon."

"This, this ignorant human trash...!"

Without provoking much, Raguel, with a furrowed brow, began trembling and shaking his jowls.

'He reacts so fervently to this level of provocation.'

Ryumin was starting to understand why they were called the Archangels of Justice.
ChatGPT

"A mighty Archangel without composure. An easy opponent to shake."

Ryumin, recalling his strategy, deliberately let out a laugh.

"Hehe. Khehehe."

As expected, an immediate response followed.

"What's so funny? Human?"

"Oh, it's nothing. Just had a funny thought for a moment. Pft."

As if ridiculing, Ryumin let out laughter, and Raguel's face flared up like an active volcano.

"...An ignorant human dares to laugh in my presence?"

"Sorry, sorry. But what can I do if it's funny?"

"What's so funny!!"

"Suddenly, it reminded me of when Lemy and Sariel begged for their lives. The sight of demons pleading for mercy was quite amusing, hehe."

Perhaps that statement was the trigger.

Raguel rushed forward like a beam of light.

Judging by his expression, it seemed his calm demeanor had completely snapped.

Kaboom!

Blocking an attack aimed at his head with the scythe, Ryumin deftly avoided the sword coming for his side.

"Just die right here, you human scum!!!"

Kaboom! Clang! Clang!

Receiving several attacks, Ryumin was inwardly taken aback.

"Is this the level of rank 5?"

Simply put, it was weaker than expected.

"No, have I become ridiculously strong?"

Clang, clang, clang!

Even though he was unleashing attacks indiscriminately, the accuracy was lacking, whether due to excitement or other reasons.

Numerous openings were visible everywhere.

If he had the will, he could have easily stabbed and killed his opponent in an instant.

"Disappointing. Stronger than Sariel in terms of strength, but lacking sharpness. Not threatening."

In Ryumin's eyes, who had been on the defensive, Uriel suddenly caught his attention, releasing his clenched fist.

Unexpectedly, Uriel looked surprised, having blocked better than expected.

"If rank 5 is like this, rank 4 won't be much different."

Without realizing he was disappointed with their abilities being below expectations, Uriel made a somewhat satisfied expression.

"The insect is enduring some of my attacks on the subject. Honestly, I was surprised."

"I was surprised too. Weaker than I thought."

"Let's see if you can block this as well."

After clashing swords for a while, Uriel stepped back and crossed his swords.

Vrrr...

The golden sword vibrated, creating a more intense radiance.
ChatGPT

"Tsk tsk, you seem as foolish as a human. If you can't avoid it, your life is forfeit."

Not only could he hear the guy's inner thoughts, but he could also foresee the situation that would unfold seven seconds later through the eyes of his future sight.

"He plans to turn this whole area into a battlefield."

Ryumin knew he was about to unleash a significant technique, but he wasn't too concerned since he could just avoid it.

"But if I leave it like this, the suppression team leader and the mercenaries will be caught up in it."

His thoughts were brief, and his actions were swift.

"Dodge!"

Quickly using the Grip of Death, he pushed the mercenaries in the vicinity out of harm's way and then soared through the air to push Kaltz away.

As the sword flashed terrifyingly, a fountain of light surged from the ground.

Kwoooah!

In an instant, the trees turned to ashes, and a deep X-shaped hole appeared on the ground.

"Ah, aah..."

Thanks to Ryumin, Kaltz and the other mercenaries narrowly avoided the seemingly endless pit, and they wiped their chests while looking at it.

If they had been a bit slower, their very existence might have vanished.

"Th-Thank you. Warrior from another realm."

Even with Kaltz expressing his gratitude, Ryumin did not react.

He was focused on the message appearing in the air.

[Hero Rune Stack: 73/100] [All stats increase by 73 due to the Hero Rune effect.]

"I saved three people, raising the stack by 3."

Ryumin saved the mercenaries not for any other reason but to accumulate the Hero Rune Stack.

"If I save all the mercenaries here, I should be able to reach 100."

For that, he needed the help of Raguel.

Coincidentally, Raguel was looking at him with a strange gaze.

He seemed more surprised at the fact that Ryumin saved the mercenaries than dodging his attack.

"What are you doing? A player like you saving beings from another realm who are irrelevant to you."

"These people haven't done anything wrong."

While those words might sound full of righteousness to others, Raguel was an angel.

In his eyes, it was no different from a criminal who had ruthlessly killed someone having a pet dog by their side.

"What is this? The player, who murdered an Archangel, is now saving other lives?"

"Because these people haven't done anything wrong."

To anyone else, these might sound like words filled with a sense of justice, but to Raguel, it was akin to someone mercilessly killing a criminal and then fussing over a pet beside them.

"Heh, it's ridiculous. Trash that murdered an Archangel is saving other lives."

He found it absurd for a moment.

"Thanks to you, an interesting idea came to mind."

A cruel smile appeared on Raguel's face.
ChatGPT

"Kill all the humans here except for you. Let's see how you handle it."

Upon hearing those words, Ryumin inwardly chuckled.

"Quite a simpleton."

As planned, he successfully gained the assistance of the Archangel.