 3.5
ChatGPT
ChatGPT

"그만큼 대미지가 미쳤다는 거겠지."

"허어……."

몇몇은 얼빠진 얼굴로 스켈레톤을 청소하는 과정을 지켜보기만 했다.

그만큼 말도 안 되는 광경이었고 전투를 잊게 할 만큼 압도적인 광경이었다.

[다음 웨이브까지 남은 시간 : 00:24:20] [남은 몬스터 수 : 97]

퀘스트 진행창을 열어본 플레이어들은 어이가 없었다.

5분밖에 지나지 않았는데 어느새 백 마리도 채 안 남았다.

콰지직-!

그마저도 5초도 안 되어 정리되고 말았지만.

[필드에 더 이상 남은 몬스터가 없습니다.] [사망한 플레이어 : 0] [다음 웨이브를 기다려 주세요.]

초원에 늘어져 있던 스켈레톤의 뼛조각들이 흔적도 없이 사라졌다.

청소한 것처럼 깔끔해진 초원에는 플레이어들만이 허탈한 웃음으로 서 있을 따름이었다.

“형씨는 몇 마리 잡았어요?”

“저 다섯 마리밖에 못 잡았는데…….”

“와, 나보다 많이 잡았네. 난 세 마리 잡았나?”

“몬스터의 반절은 검은 낫 혼자서 잡았을걸요?”

“이번에도 기여도 1위는 확정이네.”

“어차피 파티인데 우리 몫도 좀 남겨주지…….”

수군거리는 플레이어들을 뒤로하고 류민은 민주리를 찾았다.

“여기 있었군. 서아린도.”

“아…… 검은 낫님.”

민주리와 서아린의 표정에도 놀람이 가득했다.

“대단하세요. 혼자서 그 많은 수를 다 쓰러트리다니…….”

“별거 아니다. 그나저나 버프 좀 받았으면 해서 왔는데.”

“아! 제가 찾아갔어야 했는데 깜빡했어요. 바로 걸어드릴게요.”

민주리가 류민에게 버프 3종 세트를 걸어줬다.

사실 버프 따윈 없어도 충분히 강하지만 혹시 모를 일이었다.

‘저번처럼 대천사가 나타날지도.’

악마의 축복을 쓰기 위해 미리 버프를 받아두는 류민이었다.

이후 25분이 지나자 두 번째 웨이브가 진행됐다.

[2차 웨이브] [플레이어 4,608명 vs 가고일 9,216마리] [30분 뒤에 다음 웨이브가 시작됩니다.] [밸런스 조절을 위해 30분간 특수 룰을 적용합니다.] [2차 웨이브의 특수 룰이 공개됩니다.]

이번엔 스켈레톤보다 약하다고 평가되는 몬스터, 가고일이었다.
ChatGPT

"But if the movement speed doubles, that changes the story."

There's a saying that the best defense is a good offense, but in reality, the best defense is avoiding attacks altogether. If you never get hit in the first place, it's zero damage, and being fast means you can attack the opponent first.

In other words, underestimating double movement speed is a big mistake.

"This time, even the wizards will struggle. The buffed Gargoyles can easily evade magic."

Even for wizards, it's tough, not to mention melee dealers. Dealing with monsters flying in the sky is never easy.

Of course, for Ryu Min, this didn't apply.

"Kyaah!"

"Keeak!"

As Ryu Min swung his scythe towards the flying Gargoyles, dozens of them died.

Even if they tried to fly higher to avoid Ryu Min's attacks, it was futile.

"Wide Area Discharge."

Pazijijijijik-!

All the Gargoyles within a 30m radius were obliterated without leaving a trace.

"With the Rune of Lightning, it's easy to catch them."

Attacks using the Dark Rune were also quite useful.

Kwakwakwakwa-

The blades of darkness flew like a memorized pattern, piercing through the heads of Gargoyles without giving them a chance to evade.

As a result, it took less than five minutes to clear around ten thousand Gargoyles.

"Hey, how many did you kill?"

"None..."

"It seems I'm not the only one who couldn't kill any."

"We might as well not be here."

"Looks like we'll be staring into space for another 25 minutes."

Watching Ryu Min monopolize the contribution points, the players secretly sighed.

Thanks to the Black Scythe, clearing was easy, but at this rate, they might face annihilation.

"I practically killed almost all the monsters up to the 2nd wave."

At this rate, getting the top contribution is almost guaranteed for Ryu Min.

"Now, let's take it easy until the crucial 10th wave and make a decisive move."

With that thought in mind, Ryu Min turned his head.

He saw many familiar faces - Minjuri, Seo Arin, Kristin, Jeffrey, Yanti, Ju Sungtak, Heo Taeseok, Eom Junseok, Jo Yongho, and more.

And recently recruited believers from various nationalities of the Shincheonji sect.
ChatGPT

Everyone had gathered here in response to Ryu Min's instructions to assemble until the end of the 2nd wave.

"As promised, everyone is here. Since we're in a party, it's safer and more efficient to fight together."

All eyes turned to Ryu Min as he spoke.

"I've practically taken care of the 1st and 2nd waves as announced. However, starting from the 3rd wave, I plan to let you take charge. Even though I may not seem like it, I do recognize your capabilities enough not to snatch away your share."

The believers who had already received orders in reality nodded in agreement.

"I'll occasionally handle the more dangerous-looking monsters and assess the situation. So, focus on building your contribution points without worry. This is as much help as I can provide. Whether you face annihilation or not is up to you. Understand?"

"Yes!"

After receiving a resounding response, Ryu Min took a break.

Although there were still many waves left, the risk of teammates being eliminated was minimal. They were talented and skilled colleagues.

"Black Scythe."

At that moment, a familiar face approached Ryu Min.

"Victor, Russell, Sophia."

The alchemist Victor and the blacksmith Russell sought out Ryu Min. Victor's younger sister, Sophia, was also present.

"What brings you all here?"

"We wanted to give you some newly made potions."

"Potions?"

Victor took out a bundle of potions from his inventory.

"They're potions I made after reaching Master level, so their effects should be better than the ones I gave you before."

These were high-level potions that increased stats by 16 each.

"Thank you. This will be helpful."

"It's nothing. Compared to the grace you've bestowed upon us, this is a trivial assistance. Hehe."

Victor chuckled, and Sophia looked at Ryu Min with eyes filled with admiration and affection.

After all, considering that he saved her brother in a crisis, such a gaze was only natural.

Then, Russell looked at Ryu Min and spoke.

"Black Scythe. I see you've changed your weapon. May I take a moment to apply some buffs? I'll buff your weapon and armor."

"Sure."

Russell touched Ryu Min's weapon and armor, applying the buffs.

Judging from his thoughts, he had come just to offer buffs.

'Why are so many people coming to me for such minor things?'

Ryu Min couldn't help but recall the events from the previous encounter.
ChatGPT

The sight of himself struggling alone through dozens of regressions.

'Compared to back then, I've gained a lot of comrades.'

Ryu Min chuckled involuntarily.

"Well, since I've given everything I can, I'll be going now."

"Oh, wait a moment. How about joining the Shincheonji as well?"

"Shincheonji?"

"Heo Leader."

"Yes!"

When Heo Taeseok rushed over, Ryu Min introduced them with a smile.

"These are acquaintances who helped me. Explain about Shincheonji to them, and assist them if they want to join."

"Understood. It won't take long. Come this way for a moment..."

After listening to the explanation, the three readily decided to join.

Considering their positive feelings towards Ryu Min, it seemed like a natural outcome.

'Now all my acquaintances have joined Shincheonji.'

Now, Ryu Min could take care of them every round in the name of Shincheonji.

After Trolls, there were Blood Orcs, Golems, Minotaurs, and even High Orcs, progressively strengthened monsters, but none of the players were harmed.

They had the Black Scythe, which could be considered their final bastion.

"Ku-ik!"

The High Orc, who appeared as the 5th round boss, fell powerless to the players' collective attack.

For Master-level players with extensive combat experience, a High Orc was not an opponent to be ignored.

"Wow! Finally, the 10th wave!"

"I wonder what the final wave will be like."

"Do you know, Black Scythe?"

"All I can say is not to step forward."

After giving a brief piece of advice to the believers, Ryu Min prepared for the last wave.

'Now, I need to prepare for the sub-quest.'

They managed to tackle the waves up to the 9th, but the 10th wave wouldn't be easy to break.

Even for Ryu Min.

'So, I chose the invincible skill as a special reward.'

It didn't mean the opponent was strong enough to use invincibility; it was just that the danger was certain. Therefore, as planned, Ryu Min intended to step in personally.

'But will the Archangel appear?'

Even amidst the chaotic battle, Ryu Min widened his senses and focused on the surroundings.
ChatGPT

However, the Archangel doesn't seem to show any signs of appearing.

'Surely it's not those who will retreat like this....'

Or could they be feeling a sense of crisis from this incident, planning some strategy?

Is this a step forward for retreat after careful consideration?

'It's an unknown game. I can't let my guard down until the end.'

Even for the 10th wave, I need to handle it decisively to achieve the sub-quest.

While thinking about this, Ryu Min turned his head and hastily caught sight of a man avoiding his gaze.

'What's this guy doing? Hold on.'

Ryu Min scrutinized the man who seemed lost in thought.

The nickname seemed somewhat familiar.

'A nickname... Snack Time?'