
ChatGPT

Title: "Episode 243 of the 100th Regression of a Max Level Player"

Variables

Dallas Fort Worth International Airport.

In Ryu Min's view as he exits the immigration hall, a woman with a striking beauty stands out.

It was Kristin.

She, who had vigorously shaken hands, greeted him with a bright smile.

"Mr. Ryu Min. Welcome to our country. Did you have any discomfort on your way here?"

"I came comfortably in first class."

"Well, since you sold your stocks and became a millionaire... Oh, please don't misunderstand. I'm definitely not mocking you."

The fact that Ma Kyung-rok's company went bankrupt is well known to Ryu Min as his fiancé.

In the process, he sold all the stocks he had, but Kristin did not view it negatively as if Ryu Min's misfortune was predicted.

After all, he was not a normal fiancé but one who had tried to kill her.

"Before the mood gets gloomy, shall we go? I know a good restaurant. How about foie gras?"

"Goose liver is a bit..."

"Haha, just kidding!"

After finishing the meal at a nearby steakhouse, Kristin led the way to a cocktail bar.

"How about this place? The seating is spacious, and it's not bad, right?"

"Yes. It's a bit noisy, but it's actually good for conversation."

There were many people, and the music was loud.

Although the voice was buried in it, it made it good for having secretive conversations.

However, it was uncomfortable that you had to get your face close to talk.

"Would you like a cocktail? Or maybe a beer?"

"Let's go with a cocktail."

After choosing the menu, the bartender brought the drinks when they ordered.

"Do you drink often?"

"No. I quit. It's not that I won't drink, though."

"You talk like someone who has experienced quite a bit?"

"Try going back 99 times. Try enduring it while being sane."

It was mentally tough when people died, and he lost his only family, his younger brother.

He had lived dependent on alcohol, but each regression allowed him to break free from addiction.

Now he's completely clean.

"I never thought I'd be drinking with the Prophet like this."

"I didn't either."

"Can't we see things like this in the future?"
ChatGPT

"It's not that I can't see, it's just that it's unseen. The future tends to be quite whimsical."

"Um, then perhaps..."

"Huh? Are you already drunk?"

With a flushed face, Kristin hesitated but gathered courage.

"Um, did you see how Black Scythe and I will be related in the future?"

"Related?"

"I mean... more specifically, did you see any concrete developments between us in the future?"

"So, that was the purpose."

Wondering why they had to go to a cocktail bar when they could have had a quiet conversation in the hall...

"I wanted to ask this question. It's hard to ask when I'm in my right mind."

He might have gathered the courage using the power of alcohol, but Ryu Min doesn't have an answer to give.

Because he really doesn't know how the future will unfold.

"I don't know either. Such distant futures are not visible."

"Before the 7th round, you saw a future where Black Scythe saved me. It was even the future of the 11th round..."

"If it's a future a few months from now, it might be visible. But, as I mentioned, it's so whimsical that I can't rely on it."

"So, you didn't see what will happen between us?"

"Yes. Even if I saw it, I can't tell you. The future might change the moment I speak about it."

Disappointed, Kristin took a sip of her cocktail.

"What were you expecting?"

Although Ryu Min secretly chuckled at her reaction, he couldn't express his dissatisfaction.

In this round, she has an important role to play.

"Leaving that aside, I'll tell you about the 15th round."

"Yes..."

While explaining the quest and strategy for the 15th round, Ryu Min emphasized its significance.

There is no round as important as this one.

"There will be numerous casualties. It's a round as challenging as fitting a camel through the eye of a needle."

"What should I do then?"

"First, take this."

Ryu Min took out a potion from his inventory.

[Highest Grade Invisibility Potion]

Classification: Consumable

Grade: Unique

Effect: Invisibility for 30 minutes

Usage Restriction: Expert grade or higher

Description: You can conceal your appearance. However, it automatically wears off if you attack or get attacked.

While reading the information, Kristin mumbled, "Invisibility potion?"
ChatGPT

"As soon as the first mission begins, use it. Then, you should be able to easily conquer it without getting hurt."

"Thank you for even providing something like this..."

"For the second one, just follow the strategy I mentioned earlier. However, in the third mission, Kristin, your role is crucial. You need to cast wide-area healing to minimize casualties as much as possible."

"Just with that, can I save people?"

"It's sufficient. Can you maintain it for 30 minutes?"

"As long as I concentrate, I can sustain wide-area healing for as long as needed. The problem is... wide-area healing doesn't work on me."

Kristin wore a worried expression.

"What should I do? If it's that much pain, I might not be able to endure it and die before saving people..."

"Don't worry about that part. Black Scythe will protect you."

"Black Scythe?"

The eyes that were gloomy just a moment ago now sparkled like a child's.

"He will protect me?"

"Yes. I've already told him that protecting you is just as important as the strategy. So, he will definitely protect you."

"Oh, you talked to him about it."

Although it bothered him that it wasn't voluntary protection, Kristin's face brightened nonetheless.

In any case, receiving help from Black Scythe was a pleasant thing.

"Drink to your heart's content! I'll be the one to survive."

Even players who break walls with their bare hands are ultimately human.

If you drink heavily, you get drunk as intended.

That's what Kristin did here.

"You've had so much to drink..."

Ryu Min mumbled while carrying Kristin on his back.

Cocktails are still alcohol.

If you keep insisting they taste good, it's easy to end up opening a drinking establishment like this.

"I should have noticed since you started drinking strong cocktails..."

He sighed openly, but Kristin, carried on his back, was peacefully asleep, oblivious to the world.

"At least I have to take her to the hall. Waking her up will be a bit tricky."

It's about a 20-minute walk to the hall.

It seemed close enough, so he drank with relief.

But maybe he was too relieved.

"Hey, you, Chinese guy."

Even these troublemakers started following.

"Stop when I ask you nicely, okay?"

Ryu Min stopped walking.

Three guys were leisurely approaching from behind.
ChatGPT

They were the white troublemakers who had been following from the bar.

"I can't let those idiots follow me to the hall."

That was the reason Ryu Min obediently stopped.

They misunderstood, thinking he stopped because they scared him.

"Can this kid understand English?"

"But he's Chinese, right? Or is he Japanese?"

"Why does it matter? As long as there's a girl."

"Hey, Asian monkey. You've got skills, right? Where did you find such a girl?"

"It looks like he's looking for a motel at night. Should we help him out a bit?"

The troublemakers, grinning, didn't even consider surrounding Ryu Min.

They just took out guns from their pockets.

"If you don't want holes in your lungs, put the girl down and quietly disappear."

"We'll treat the girl nicely after we find her pretty. So don't worry."

Seeing the guns pointed at him, Ryu Min realized they were just ordinary people.

"Well, if he were a player, he wouldn't carry a gun."

Despite the threat, Ryu Min had no intention of putting Kristin down.

He just turned his head towards Kristin's back to gauge her thoughts.

'I can't read her thoughts at all. Seems like she's completely freaked out.'

Fortunately.

It would be awkward if Kristin found out about what was going to happen next.

"Why isn't this guy answering?"

"He stopped when we told him to, I thought he understood English."

"Wait a minute. Doesn't this guy look young? Could he be a player?"

"So what if he is? Do those guys have bodies made of steel or something?"

"There's no human who can beat a gun anyway."

From the male perspective, they felt confident.

With three guys aiming guns and a girl on his back, there was nothing they could do.

Of course, it was merely the misconception of ordinary people who had never encountered a player.

"Consider yourselves lucky."

"What?"

"Dying without pain is a stroke of luck."

"What nonsense..."

As Ryu Min's words finished, the heads of the three dropped to the ground.

Thud, thud, thud.

Almost simultaneously, the dark knives flew and severed the throats of the troublemakers.

To avoid waking Kristin with gunshots, Ryu Min deliberately aimed for their throats.

Swish, swish, swish.
ChatGPT

Before the blood flowing from the fallen bodies could create a puddle, Ryu Min erased the murder scene by removing all traces.

"Fortunately, nothing happened."

Confirming that he couldn't read Kristin's thoughts anymore, Ryu Min moved on with relief.

The scent of blood wafting through the quiet streets tickled Kristin's nose.

Having laid Kristin in the chapel, Ryu Min made a phone call as he exited the hall.

"Recruit the Despair Church followers immediately. Let's check if there are any variables."

-But what should I say when recruiting them?

"What to say... Well..."

Ryu Min meticulously explained what John should say in front of the Despair Church followers.

-I'll follow your orders.

With his wings spread, Ryu Min flew towards Florida, the secret meeting place of the Despair Church.

A distance of over 1,500 km.

"I might be faster running than flying."

He folded his wings and skimmed through the air.

Using the Tanatos boots that allowed him to walk on darkness, he ran like on solid ground.

Kwaaang!

As he ran at full speed, a sonic boom erupted, resembling a fighter jet passing by.

It might have been a disturbance in the middle of the night, but in return, he arrived in Florida in less than 30 minutes.

"It seems the followers are gathering."

Seeing people entering the warehouse, Ryu Min descended to the alley and donned Hermes' Feather of Invisibility.

"Invisibility."

His appearance and presence disappeared completely.

Thanks to the Rune of Concealment, he wouldn't even be detected by perception.

Entering through the open warehouse door, he saw the Despair Church followers gathered.

"Seeing that John Delgado is also here, all 22 members have gathered."

As instructed beforehand, John was expressing his views to the followers.

"The Death Cult has come to other countries and is intercepting the players. This is a clear act of monopolization. From today, we designate the Death Cult as our enemy and aim for their spiritual leader, the Black Scythe. However, as there is no specific plan yet, until the end of Round 15, do not pose any threat."

"Just a moment, Master."

Berber, the high priest, immediately raised an objection.

"No plan? Didn't I propose at the officers' meeting to kidnap the saint?"

"We decided to postpone that plan. It's too risky."
ChatGPT

"Dangerous? Isn't there a better way to suppress the Black Scythe?"

"The Black Scythe isn't a fool. Do you really think they wouldn't know about that? There are probably hundreds of guards around the saint. We are outnumbered with just 22 of us."

"So, what do you suggest?"

"It would be more realistic to wait for Round 15 to end and then target them. By then, the headquarters of the Death Cult will likely be partially destroyed."

"But our numbers will also decrease by then, what..."

"Did you forget who the ultimate decision-maker is? It's already decided, so don't argue."

During John Delgado's speech, Ryu Min penetrated the inner thoughts of the followers one by one.

"Most of them are loyal to John. To the extent that they would die if he ordered it. However..."

One person harbored resentment toward the leader, none other than Berber.

"That son of a btch. He thinks he's the real leader just because he helped out a bit? Because of him, the Despair Church might fail. I should kill that bstard and take the position of the next leader. That's the shortcut to saving the Despair Church."

Seeing Berber contemplating betrayal, the transparent Ryu Min smirked, his mouth curling up.

"Found it, the variable."