
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 247 of the 100th Regression of a Max Level Player

Dark Illusion

"Hey, did you just hear something strange?"

"Ugh, gives me the chills."

"Uhh..."

The cry of the Dark Illusion is anything but ordinary.

It's a voice that touches primal fear, and systematically induces the state abnormality 'terror.'

Some players are trembling for a reason.

'However, it's not a guaranteed effect.'

Thanks to the blessing of the saint given by Kristin before the start, many people were able to resist the fear.

Not to mention Ryu Min.

'Currently blessed, the probability of falling into fear is 2.45%. Moreover, even if affected, it lasts only 0.07 seconds.'

With already high resistance and a blessing that halves the probability of being affected by a status abnormality, it's practically impossible to be affected.

'The cries of the Dark Illusion won't have any impact, that's for sure.'

But the terrifying aspect of this creature wasn't the status abnormalities.

"Uh, where is it?"

"I heard the sound, but I can't see its form."

If darkness were likened to water for the Dark Illusion, then it would be a fish.

It's not only fast but also a challenging monster to see.

'It won't even trigger detection skills, and it's difficult to see with the naked eye.'

Of course, there's a simple way to unveil it.

Shine a light, and you can pull it out of the darkness easily, making it vulnerable.

But it doesn't work here.

The environment is intentionally designed to favor the Dark Illusion.

And so it happened.

"Oh, no? The light isn't coming in."

"Hey, something's weird."

"Someone use a skill to illuminate!"

"It won't work! Not at all!"

Trying to brighten things up in the darkness only causes the light to extinguish like a candle in the wind.

In the total absence of light, everyone is on edge, cautiously surveying their surroundings.

"Screaam! My, my arm!"

A scream echoed from somewhere.

Looking toward the source of the sound, one could vaguely see a player trembling with one arm severed.

Thud, thud!

Soon after, a blade sprang out from their chest, and they perished.

The first victim had occurred.
ChatGPT

Nevertheless, people couldn't figure out where the monsters were.

Only eerie sounds echoed.

"Aaah!"

"It's here! The monster is here!"

A second scream followed, even more terrifying.

"Cough!"

"Aaah!"

Sounds of struggle erupted from various places.

Lifting their heads, several figures dressed in tattered clothes were seen moving through the darkness, wielding what looked like wooden sticks.

These were the Dark Illusions.

"Suddenly, why are there so many appearing from nowhere?"

"Everyone be careful!"

"Ugh, that guy cut my arm!"

"Kill them! Fight back!"

"Didn't you see the message? They're invincible!"

"We have no choice but to run!"

There were roughly over 100 Dark Illusions.

They moved through the darkness freely, like fish swimming in a current.

Now that people realized the presence of Dark Illusions, it wasn't easy to avoid them due to their large numbers and swift movements.

"Uwaaah!"

"It hurts! It hurts!"

"Cough!"

As they swiftly passed by, their long claws scratched, causing intense pain.

"Escape from so many of them like this?"

"Aren't these monsters? Why aren't they triggering detection skills?"

"Just run for it!"

People were running around in confusion.

Amidst the chaos, those who remained calm were the ones who had used transparency and the followers of the strategy they heard.

Lastly, Ryu Min, determined to uncover the strategy, remained calm.

"Many seem confused."

Even though everyone was fleeing as if their lives depended on it, there was no need for Ryu Min to do the same.

"This is all fake. Oh, except for one."

Although it appeared to be over 100, all but one of them were illusions.

The Dark Illusions' duplicates only induced false pain, and they didn't actually take any real damage.

"They're falling for it in their confusion. All because of the duplicate created by just one."

Therefore, Ryu Min casually stepped into the darkness, searching for the real Dark Illusion.

If he was cautious around the real one, the first mission could be easily conquered.

"Where are you? Where is its location?"

Using the darkness as a foothold, he jumped around, searching for the real Dark Illusion.
ChatGPT

Meanwhile, the fakes attempted to scratch, but keeping up with Ryu Min's movements proved challenging.

"No matter how fake they are, there's no reason to let them hit."

Finding the real one among them was simple.

All one had to do was cast the mark of death on each visible Dark Illusion.

"When the mark of death is cast on the real one, its health bar is revealed. The duplicates don't show it."

With this, one could easily distinguish between the real and the fake.

The seemingly unimpressive skill turned out to be helpful in times like these.

Before long, "Found it."

Ryu Min found the Dark Illusion with a visible health bar.

It was hiding among numerous duplicates, patiently stalking its prey.

Eeuuueeuuueeuuuee—

Judging by its use of the fear-inducing resonance, it seemed to have found its desired prey.

As people were trapped in fear, the Dark Illusion swiftly moved.

Heading directly towards an unarmed female player, in a state of panic, Ryu Min overtook the Dark Illusion with overwhelming speed.

"Although I can't kill or push it due to its invincibility... I can interfere with its hunting."

Before the claws could pierce the female player, Ryu Min intercepted.

"Aaah!"

Suddenly lifted by someone, the woman screamed in surprise.

When she regained her senses, a black scythe, now famous or infamous, was being held over her.

"That was close. Are you okay?"

"M-Me?"

The woman belatedly noticed the Dark Illusion that had been targeting her.

"Thank you, Black Scythe-nim."

Nodding, Ryu Min suddenly shouted towards the crowd.

"Listen, everyone! I'll tell you the strategy for this round!"

The mention of revealing the strategy attracted the attention of the crowd.

"Although it looks like there are dozens, there is actually only one Dark Illusion. It's that one."

Ryu Min aimed his scythe at the main Dark Illusion.

Not only had the prey been taken away, but its identity had also been exposed, making things awkward for the Dark Illusion.

"The rest are just duplicates. Just be cautious of the one I pointed out!"

"The rest are duplicates?"

"That's impossible. It can't be true."

"What nonsense is he talking about?"

Players couldn't believe Black Scythe's words.
ChatGPT

Feeling such vivid pain, and yet they are duplicates?

Is all the pain I'm experiencing just fake and false?

Reading people's thoughts, Ryu Min shouted once again.

"It's false. The pain you're feeling is nothing more than a hallucination. So don't be deceived!"

"Hallucination..."

"Unbelievable..."

As people stared at Black Scythe as if denying reality, the duplicates swooped in once again.

"Aaah!"

"Ugh, it hurts!"

"It's so painful, but they're fakes?"

"We see flesh tearing and blood flowing, don't we?"

"Even nonsense has its limits..."

But Ryu Min anticipated this.

He didn't think they would easily believe him.

"Believe me! As evidence, check the casualties! How many players have died so far?"

Taking Ryu Min's words as a bluff, people glanced at the quest progress window.

[Current Survivor Count: 2,303] [Time Remaining until the Next Mission: 00:27:12]

"Huh?"

"Weren't we 2,304?"

"Why did only one person die?"

With so many attacks and injuries, only one person died?

It didn't make sense.

"I told you, it's a duplicate. The sensations you're experiencing now are all false, and there's only one real body. If you acknowledge that, you can escape from the pain."

People who dismissed Ryu Min's claim as nonsense now paid attention.

In their minds, a seed of doubt about whether it could indeed be a hallucination began to sprout.

Suddenly, and oddly, the pain seemed to wash away, just as Black Scythe had mentioned.

"W-was it really a hallucination?"

"All the pain I felt was fake?"

Thinking this way, the Dark Illusions flying around now felt like duplicates.

Even when attacked, it only felt slightly uncomfortable, and once they thought it was false, the pain quickly disappeared.

Ryu Min's smirk grew satisfied as he witnessed this.

"The method to expose hallucinations is simple. Once you realize, it's over."

Once awareness is brought in, the hallucination no longer works.

However, it doesn't necessarily mean one can distinguish the duplicates.

"Ignore the other duplicates! There is only one real one!"

"What did you say the real one was?"
ChatGPT

"Please say it again, Black Scythe-nim!"

The mark of death is a skill only visible to the caster.

Therefore, only Ryu Min could see the health bar.

"It's that one."

Ryu Min's scythe pointed at the Dark Illusion with a health bar.

Eeuuueeuuueeuuuee!

The indicated one seemed to get excited and rushed forward.

Whoosh!

Easily avoiding it, Ryu Min continued to inform the surrounding players.

Surviving is possible if they avoid this one.

They can pass the mission.

"Ignore the others; this one is real!"

Thanks to Ryu Min's identification, players were able to steer clear of the main body early on.

It was like waving water to the fish with a fishing rod, telling them to run away.

From the perspective of the Dark Illusion, acting as the fisherman, it was frustrating.

"Great. I can easily endure for another 30 minutes like this."

Perhaps because he already knew the opponent to avoid?

Players easily ran away, dragging out the time.

As a result, for 20 minutes, the Dark Illusion couldn't kill any player except for the initial sacrifice.

It was maddening for him.

Despite summoning countless duplicates, they were all ignored, and he was the only one being avoided.

It was like playing hide-and-seek with 2,000 opponents on his own.

Eeuuueeuuueeuuee!

He let out a furious cry, inducing the fear status.

Trembling in fear, the defenseless prey became his target.

But!

Every time, a human intercepted, catching the prey and disrupting the hunt.

It was Ryu Min.

Eeuuueeuuueeuuee! Eeuuueeuuueeuuee!

He cried out in frustration several times, but it was in vain.

"I won't let any more sacrifices happen."

After 30 minutes of interference.

Ssshh—

The Dark Illusion vanished like smoke.

The hundreds of duplicates followed suit.

[Time limit has expired.] [You have successfully completed the first mission.] [Survivors: 2,303, Deaths: 1.] [Congratulations! The second mission will begin shortly.]

"Phew! It's finally over."

"Nice! Only one person died!"

"All thanks to Black Scythe!"

Players cheered.

Some players who were grateful to Ryu Min bowed their heads.
ChatGPT

"Surely, I saved a lot."

Considering the hundreds of deaths that occurred before, it was a commendable achievement.

However, it couldn't be purely celebrated.

The second mission was scheduled to be soaked in blood.