
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 281 of the 100th Regression for a Max Level Player

Disbandment

The mention of a method made people's eyes widen.

"Is there a way to team-kill?"

"But, it's a method only I can use. It's impossible for others."

"Ah...."

Disappointment flashed across the faces of the believers.

It seemed that even in this otherworldly place, there were those who didn't want to assist the angels.

"Sorry, but team-killing is impossible. Don't underestimate the system."

Although they had hoped for a method to team-kill using flaws in the system, loopholes were not effective.

In this otherworld, the rules of the system were absolute.

Once set as allies, there was no way to undo it, no matter what means were used.

"Unless you use the faction change right."

By using the temporary skill obtained as the top reward, one could change their faction uniquely, fighting on the side of demons instead of angels.

"At that time, if the demons win, I can survive as well."

As the victory was recognized if the same team won, there was no need to stick with the angels.

The key to the skill was to switch to a team that seemed likely to win, depending on the situation, like a bat.

In other words, the skill was about betraying one's allies.

"But I know. Even if you betray your teammates and survive alone, you'll eventually get stuck around Round 20."

To enter the boss room that required more than five people, it was necessary to bring as many people as possible to Round 20.

Rather than surviving alone with the demon team, it was better to be annihilated.

"However, I chose this skill to team-kill the angels. There's no other reason."

That's why it was necessary to say it in advance in this situation.

Suddenly slaughtering angels alone would be quite surprising.

"I'm the only one who can betray the angels, considering I was the 1st in the last round. So, don't be surprised if I suddenly massacre the angels."

"Ki-kill the angels?"

"Why not? Wouldn't you want them dead?"

"Well, it's not that..."

It was reasonable to consider angels as enemies since they were part of the survival game and had the responsibility for killing billions of humans.
ChatGPT

Therefore, it was natural that everyone wished to deliver a blow to the angels....

"Ironically, the 18th round mission is to lead a war to victory with the angels."

That was the reason for the confusion in people's minds.

Killing angels on the same side would be a pointless act, as it wouldn't bring any benefit.

Of course, there was a tremendous advantage for Rumin, who had the blessing of demons.

"Don't worry. Killing a few angels won't lead to defeat in the war. No matter what happens, I will lead the war to victory."

If it were the words of a shepherd boy, they wouldn't have been convincing, but the speaker was none other than the Black Scythe.

With conviction in his words, people nodded without a doubt.

Considering his actions so far, they had no reason to doubt his words.

There were even those who muttered in awe, believing in him like fanatic devotees.

Rumin then explained how to win the war, sharing strategies.

It wasn't particularly groundbreaking information; he simply mentioned the habits of demons and the appearances to be cautious of.

"...That's all I know about the strategy. You've worked hard listening, now everyone disperse."

As Rumin descended from the platform, people scattered, looking at their phones.

It was a busy scene as they booked flights to return.

Some touched the air, rolling their eyes here and there.

They examined the god-grade items they hadn't seen properly while listening to the strategies.

"Wow... So this is a god-grade item...."

People couldn't help but exclaim at the options that were incomparable to other items.

Even the leader, Huh Taeseok, was no exception.

"Enhances the number of black arrows, damage, and projectile speed by 50%? Completely insane!"

The options of the god-grade armor he created, Moros's Robe, were extraordinary.

It could undoubtedly be boasted as the strongest among the items seen so far.

It wasn't just one; under the information, it was written as Moros's Attire Set Effect (1/5).

"If you make two or more god-grade items, do you receive a set effect?"

If there was one more tremendous item like this?

He could become strong like the Black Scythe.

With the player's value being in strength, it was inevitable that greed would arise.
ChatGPT

"To create a god-grade item, do you need concentrated ether? It seems like that item is necessary...."

I don't know how to obtain it, but if I can get it, the Black Scythe will provide the remaining materials, just like now.

Then, I can receive the set effect for two sets.

"Where can I get concentrated ether? Should I ask the Black Scythe?"

Closing the item window and contemplating, an unfortunate human met eyes with a disdainful gaze.

It was Alex Pearson.

"You X-shot piglet."

The repulsive guy, just looking at him, shot a glare, then turned his head away.

Seeing him blatantly ignore, a heat rose in his head.

"How dare a commoner dare to disrespect the leader?"

Even though the misunderstanding from the previous incident was cleared, the resentment hadn't easily disappeared, and it was the same for Alex.

They hadn't talked since that time, but just looking at him, one could tell.

Even if he looks at himself, what can you call those eyes and atmosphere that not only ignore but disdain?

"I should have taken that guy's possession; it's regrettable."

If he had known that concentrated ether was such a precious item, Huh Taeseok wouldn't have hesitated to plunder Alex's belongings.

While Huh Taeseok thought about it with regret, Seo Arin was fidgeting and looking for someone.

"Ah, here you are. Leader Minjoo."

"Huh? Seo Arin, the actress? Are you looking for me?"

"Yes. I have something to ask."

"To me?"

When Minjoo looked at her with a puzzled expression, Seo Arin said:

"Have you by any chance not seen the prophet?"

"Uh, I haven't seen... Why?"

"Aren't you two friends? Didn't you come together?"

"Yes. If he asks to go together, I flatly refuse. He says he'll go by himself, but I don't know if he's here."

"He doesn't even know if he's at the Temple of the Messengers?"

Sending a puzzled look to Seo Arin, Minjoo asked:

"But why are you looking for him?"

"He's a neighbor. I'm worried because his house is destroyed. But the real reason is...."

Hesitating to speak with muddy lips, Seo Arin grabbed Minjoo's arm and led her to a secluded place where no one was around.

"Why, why are you doing this?"

"People might hear, so that's why."

"What are you trying to say...?"
ChatGPT

Seo Arin, who had been checking her surroundings, seemed to think it was now okay to speak, so she opened her mouth.

"I think there's something strange about the prophet."

"What? Strange? What could that be..."

"It's impossible to trace him. Even though I clearly know his name and face, I can't find his location."

"...."

"If you can't believe it, try it right now. It didn't match even when the speech ended earlier, so it will definitely be the same..."

While Seo Arin was speaking, she noticed something strange.

The expression on Minjoo's face, which should have been surprised, was now transformed into a contemplative one.

"Why are you like that?"

"Well, that's..."

"Do you know something?"

As if something had struck a chord, Minjoo shuddered.

'He looks honest, maybe he can't lie...'

Indeed, physiognomy is a science.

"If you know something, please tell me."

In response to Seo Arin's question, Minjoo sighed as if she had no choice.

"It's a secret, so... Don't tell anyone."

"Of course."

"I also talked to Min about this problem recently. We were wondering how tracking doesn't work."

"So?"

While Seo Arin's sparkling eyes focused, Minjoo waved her hand as if it wasn't a big deal.

"It turns out there's a rune that interferes with tracking. It seems to be a rune that can block other people's tracking when needed."

"Ah...."

As if a secret had been revealed, Seo Arin nodded her head.

"If that's the case, it makes sense."

"See? It's not a big deal, right?"

"But the mystery doesn't end here."

"What else is there?"

"I joined the Temple of the Messengers a few months ago, but have you heard the prophet's face through the through? Is it really true that the prophet joined the Temple of the Messengers?"

Minjoo answered as if she had a reason.

"I asked the same question, and he said he did join. He just submitted his name and rarely participated..."

"The number of members is the same. But he didn't participate?"

In response to the consecutive questions, Minjoo answered smoothly.

She explained it easily because she had pondered the same question last month.
ChatGPT

"Worried that chaos would ensue among people if the occupation of a prophet was revealed, he intentionally uses a different nickname to conceal his identity."

"But was it really just that statement? Was there nothing else said?"

"In addition to that, there were some incomprehensible words, but... it's not something worth worrying about."

"What was it?"

"It was just a simple joke. Don't pay it any mind."

Although she repeatedly said not to worry, when people try to hide something, others tend to be more curious.

"Just tell me. What kind of joke did the prophet make?"

Persistent in her questioning, Minjoo had no choice but to comply with Seo Arin's demand.

"He said something ridiculous like he's the Black Scythe."

"What?"

Seo Arin asked, astonished by the unexpected revelation.

"S-so the prophet... claimed he couldn't be found because he's the Black Scythe... He said that?"

"That's right. If he didn't want to say it, he shouldn't have. Making such a ridiculous joke..."

Even though Minjoo grumbled, Seo Arin didn't catch onto her dissatisfaction.

'Claiming that the prophet and the Black Scythe are the same person?'

Seo Arin didn't dismiss the statement as a mere joke and took it seriously.

Given what she knew, the prophet wasn't the type to make pointless jokes.

'Come to think of it, I've never seen both of them standing together.'

Although physically and personality-wise, the two individuals were far from being considered the same person, Seo Arin didn't take the remark lightly.

'Maybe... he spoke the truth.'

In a world where someone could resurrect the dead with skills, could one assert definitively that there was no ability to change appearances?

'Assuming he led a double life by changing his appearance? That would explain all the doubts about the prophet.'

While Seo Arin seriously considered the possibility that the prophet might be the Black Scythe, Minjoo's reaction was different.

"Even when you hear it, doesn't it sound absurd? Making such a joke..."

"Don't you believe it, Leader Minjoo?"

"Of course not. How can I believe that when they look so different?"

"Even if you can change appearances?"

"Even so, people have personalities. It's not Jekyll and Hyde. The two have completely different personalities."
ChatGPT

"If you think he deliberately made it appear that way..."

Minjoo waved her hand as if saying it was absurd.

"As a high school classmate, do you think I wouldn't recognize Min? He's not someone who can hide something."

"...."

Since Minjoo stated it so firmly, Seo Arin had nothing more to say.

'People tend to see only what they want to see.'

If there's a rainbow, people usually see the colors they want. If she believes that, there's nothing she can do about it.

'It's not something that can be changed just by talking about it.'

Therefore, Seo Arin decided not to care whether Minjoo believed it or not.

The important thing was the information that the prophet might be the Black Scythe.

'I should check it out.'

Seo Arin's eyes turned towards the empty stage where the Black Scythe had departed.