
ChatGPT

Title: "The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 286"

Episode 286: "University Massacre"

Not long ago, Baal's mood was not particularly pleasant.

No matter how much one was the lord's servant, monitoring humans was not a pleasant task.

Especially if the target was a human who spoke informally or insolently to the lord.

"He's like a bug with no sense of etiquette."

However, Baal's bad mood was temporary. As he was about to leave the Demon King's Castle, the lord's command echoed in Baal's mind.

[Baal, keep a close watch on the human known as the Black Scythe. Humans, in general, are an untrustworthy race. Something fishy is undoubtedly going on. He might not only try to kill Michael but also seize the opportunity to escape. So, keep an eye on him, and when the chance arises, kill him. Kill him and bring his soul. Even if you have to kill Michael as promised.]

Baal couldn't respond to Plutonitos' command.

It was an oracle that only those with the qualifications of a god could send.

So, Baal responded internally.

"Do not worry, Your Excellency. I will bring the soul of the Black Scythe as per your orders."

Whether the human in front of him kept the promise or not, he was told to kill.

From the beginning, the lord had no intention of letting the human go.

"Is this why I like Your Excellency?"

Smirk- Baal's lips curled up.

The resentment he had just a while ago melted away like snow.

From now on, Baal's task was simple.

He would monitor the Black Scythe in a transparent state and intervene at the right moment.

"Of course, I need to keep a distance of at least 30 meters."

As the player had the ability to detect transparency, it was necessary to keep a sufficient distance.

"Let's see if you can escape. If you show even a little suspicious behavior, I will not hesitate to cut off your head."

He did not consider that the Black Scythe would face Michael.

Perhaps, he thought, the player would hide under Michael's wings while watching him.

"It's useless to hide behind Michael. According to the regulations, Michael cannot attack me. Likewise, I cannot attack him."

However, killing the player posed no problem within the regulations.
ChatGPT

"Arrogant human. I'll tear you apart like a hidden rag."

With an excited heart, Baal pursued behind the Black Scythe.

Flutter-

Ryummin, soaring through the sky with wings spread, soon faced the battlefield.

[Arghhh! Kill them!] [You devil spawn! Send them all to the Underworld!] [Send them to the paradise you love, you angel bastards!]

The battlefield remained fierce.

It was the same scene as before Ryummin left for the Demon King's Castle, with the only difference being that the once fifteen-thousand-strong forces had now dwindled to thousands, and one side had gained the upper hand.

"At this rate, the Celestials might win."

The once overwhelming demon forces had become comparable to the Celestials.

Just by looking at the strewn corpses, it was clear that the demons had suffered more.

"Perhaps it's because our humans joined the battle."

The variable in this war was none other than the player.

Originally designed to favor the Celestials, this 18th round was intended to be overturned by the player. And the results were now vividly apparent.

"The player has surprisingly survived a lot, and with buffers like priests and other supporters still in good shape, the Celestials can't help but have an advantage."

In large-scale wars like this, the most influential role was undoubtedly the supporters.

Since the player was providing various buffs to both angels and humans, the outcome was almost inevitable.

"Just by looking at this, the top contributor must be Minjuri, right? No, soon it might be me stepping up, should I say second place?"

Ryummin looked down from the sky, searching for the players.

Shinigami family members were visible fighting here and there.

"Fortunately, they haven't died."

Minjuri and other supporters were following their instructions from behind.

Relieved that the core members had not died, Ryummin turned his head.

Now it was time to kill the angels.

"So many prey."

Chuckling, Ryummin approached the angels.

Checking the status window, the title 'Angel Slayer' had activated, doubling his stats.

Approaching demons this time, the title effect 'Defender Against Evil' doubled his stats again.

"It's good to have both angels and demons together."
ChatGPT

His stats had increased fourfold.

Taking the opportunity, Ryummin, who had even used the Avatar of Death, checked his stat window.

Strength: 11,058,094, Intelligence: 10,056,836
Agility: 10,052,771, Luck: 10,061,066

"Incredible. Ten million per stat."

To further increase his already exponentially boosted stats, Ryummin sought out Minjuri.

"Oh? Lord of the Black Scythe? What brings you here?"

Even though only his black figure was visible due to the Avatar of Death, she recognized him.

Perhaps it was because she had seen him several times before.

"I need buffs, so I hope you can cast a Buff Zone for me."

"Oh, just a moment. I've been waiting because of the cooldown... It's ready now!"

Minjuri cast the Buff Zone, creating a magical circle with a yellow light on the ground, enhancing the buffs of all allies within its range.

The Blessing that had been on Ryummin increased from 80% to 100%.

"Thank you."

After saying that, Ryummin called Yantti, who was nearby.

"Yantti."

"Yes, Lord of the Black Scythe."

"Release a hundred Millworms."

"Understood."

Ryummin immediately stomped on the Millworms that had been tamed on Earth, releasing them into the otherworld.

Crunch-!

[Current kill count: 100/100] [With the Rune of Slaughter, all stats increase by 100%.]

"With this, the stats from the Rune of Slaughter are also stacked."

Ryummin glanced down under the brief message.

[There are 391 enemies within a radius of 100m.] [With the Rune of One Hundred, all stats increase by 100%.]

"I've maximized the effect of the Rune of One Hundred as well."

Using potions, he raised all his stats to the maximum. There were no more stats to increase.

Now, only using buffs remained.

"You are blessed by the Devil." [Based on the current total stats (91,619,482), the following effects are applied:] [Upon defeating an angel, receive gold equal to 1x the base amount (91,619,482). Depending on the angel's level, it can increase up to a maximum of 1,000x (91,619,482,000).] [Upon defeating an angel, gain stat points equal to 0.01% of the base amount (9,161).]
ChatGPT

[Increases up to a maximum of 10% (9,161,948) based on the level of the angel.] [Upon defeating an angel, reputation with the demon faction slightly increases.] [The buffs will last until the end of this round.]

Using the maximum stat that can be raised, Ryummin employed the Blessing.

With the buffs provided by the Demon Lord, he looked forward to seeing how much his stats would increase when he killed an angel.

"Shall I try killing one?"

Ryummin targeted a nearby angel and threw his scythe.

No, rather than throwing, the scythe elongated like a whip, piercing through the angel.

[You have defeated a 6th-grade angel, 'Ventiel'!] [Stat points +9,161] [Gold +91,619,482] [Number of angels defeated: 1/100] ['Delegate of the Demon Lord' buff effect grants additional stats.] [Additional stat points +4,580]

"Hooh."

Ryummin, who had killed the angel, marveled.

With the buff effect, an additional 50% of stats had been added.

"If I use Jon Delgado here, can I have a feast of stats?"

Smirking with the devil's smile, Ryummin began hunting angels in earnest.

Hunting was nothing special.

He just needed to swing his scythe forcefully in places where angels gathered.

Then, dozens of angels caught on the large scythe like swept by a broomstick, showering golden blood as they died.

[You have defeated a 6th-grade angel, 'Borbiel'!] [You have defeated a 4th-grade angel, 'Altaiel'!] [You have defeated a 3rd-grade angel, 'Driel'!]

......................

..............

........

[Number of angels killed: 138/100] [Judgment Rune stack: 100/100] [Consuming 100 stacks allows the use of 'Heavenly Judgment.']

Dozens of angels died without even uttering a scream.

Not even a few minutes had passed, and already, the number had exceeded 100.

"Shall I kill them even faster?"

Ryummin, seeing that the stacks had accumulated, used the Heavenly Judgment.

Kuququququq-!

With an explosion, holes in the shape of an X appeared on the ground.

[Number of angels killed: 257/100]

Seeing the increased number, he had killed nearly 120 angels.

Using it toward the densely packed angels resulted in this many casualties.

Was that the reason?

"What, what's happening?!" "What's going on!?"

The angels looked around in confusion.
ChatGPT

When Ryummin silently sliced through, paying no attention, the angels only realized it when he used his skills.

Whether they liked it or not, Ryummin continued the massacre with an indifferent expression on his face.

A golden feast of blood unfolded every time the scythe passed through.

Resistance from the angels was futile.

They were helplessly sliced, much like everyday life falling into corpses, powerless against the natural disaster.

"I-Isn't that the player?" "What happened? The player should be on our side, right?" "N-Now is not the time. R-Run... Ugh!"

The angels who grasped the situation rushed away in a swarm.

They couldn't even think of resisting against the player wielding the Black Scythe.

The difference in strength was blatantly obvious.

Their only chance of survival was to escape from the natural disaster.

"Ahh!" "Save me!"

It wasn't only the angels who were bewildered by the sudden massacre taking place internally.

"Look at that. Angels are making a fuss, aren't they?" "What's going on?" "I don't know." "Did Agaros infiltrate the enemy lines?" "Agaros is right over there?" "Then what is it?"

The demons, who had stopped fighting and were watching the bizarre situation in the enemy lines, turned to look as well.

They didn't know what was happening, but for those who were lagging behind, it seemed like they had caught a break.

Both sides were bewildered by the ongoing angel massacre, but there were those who maintained composure.

It was none other than the Shinigami players.

They had already heard the announcement before the round started.

However, even their composure didn't last long.

Watching the ruthless massacre and screams without mercy did make them furrow their brows a bit.

The angels looked pitiful.

"Wasn't the talk about team-killing just a joke?" "He's really killing them properly, huh?" "But, aren't we going to lose like this? The number of angels is decreasing." "Then why don't you try stopping Lord of the Black Scythe yourself?" "Are you crazy? How can we stop that?"

They were jumping around like crazy; how could anyone interfere?

"Then just watch quietly. What's there to worry about when Lord of the Black Scythe is here?" "Yeah, right. Even if all the angels die, with Lord of the Black Scythe alone, we can reverse the situation again." "He must have some plan."
ChatGPT

Players watched with trust in the Black Scythe.

Some angels who harbored ill feelings even cheered for more killings.

Some looked at the Black Scythe with concern, wondering about his mental state.

The angels, on the other hand, were busy fleeing.

Mikael remembered the expression he had on his face thirty minutes ago.

"The Black Scythe, that guy, being able to shake him off was quite refreshing."

On the other hand, it was a bit regrettable.

If he had kept the Black Scythe alive until the 20th round, there might have been a possibility of becoming a god...

"Never mind. It's over now. Let's forget about my personal wishes; the war takes precedence."

Since the outcome of the war was at stake, he had no choice but to hand over the Black Scythe to Plutonictus as promised.

Of course, extending the time didn't guarantee victory in the war.

"At least Plutonictus' possibility of participating in the war disappeared, so there's a bit of a chance."

That should do it.

Although only the Archangel was left, fighting with all their might might somehow lead to victory in the war, if they were lucky.

"Now, all that's left is to finish the friendly match in the 18th round."

Even though it was called a friendly match, 5,000 troops participated.

It was regrettable for each individual, considering the real war that would happen after the 20th round.

They couldn't afford to lose troops here.

"Let's kill those demon bastards with all our might."

The thoughts about the Black Scythe had disappeared from Mikael's mind.

Since he handed it over to Plutonictus, the possibility of him returning alive was close to zero.

Unless the Demon Lord released him, which was nearly impossible.

But that impossible event had become a reality.

"What in the world happened..."

In the current reality filled with cries for mercy, Mikael's mind went blank.

He was the Archangel who was leading the war favorably, but suddenly the momentum was broken.

The cause was none other than that guy.

That mad demon jumping around and massacring angels.

"How on earth did the Black Scythe...?"

Despite leading him right in front of the Demon Lord's castle, it was blatantly clear that something had happened, as he was openly slaughtering angels, pleading for mercy.
ChatGPT

'What's going on? We're in a party; how can we kill the same angels? What kind of magic did he use?'

In the moment captivated by doubt.

Kuquaquaquaquang!

Along with the skill thrown by the Black Scythe, over a hundred angels died.

'My precious troops disappearing so senselessly...'

Thunk—

Mikael's face twisted like a demon.

"I'll kill him... I'll kill him..."

Muttering to himself, Mikael flew towards the Black Scythe.

The lunatic needed to be stopped immediately.

'But with my current power, it's impossible.'

Mikael's power had decreased to 1% of its original state.

To balance with other soldiers, there were restrictions in place until the 18th round.

However, restrictions were just restrictions.

In any situation, he could unleash all of his power.

'No choice. Even if I face divine retribution, I have to release my power.'

Without releasing his power, he couldn't defeat the Black Scythe.

Mikael, who had experienced defeat against the Black Scythe, knew this well.

"I don't know how you got out of the Demon Lord's castle, but I'll kill you. You insolent bastard."

Mikael released the constraint on his power.

As he was flying towards the Black Scythe, raising his divine power to the maximum.

'Huh?'

The Black Scythe's gaze turned towards him.

He sensed that something was wrong, but it was already too late.

Swoosh—

Like sliding, Mikael's severed head was already falling to the ground.