
ChatGPT

Title: "Episode 325 of the 100th Regression of a Max Level Player"

Cauldron of Chaos

"Sigh..."

"Wh- What is that?"

As a gigantic eyeball tore through space and appeared, people looked at it with mouths agape, each displaying a different reaction.

Some couldn't bring themselves to look, turning their gaze away fearfully. Others covered their mouths and held their breath.

In the midst of it all, Ryu Min showed no reaction, maintaining a stoic expression.

"The pressure is no joke."

Even Ryu Min, who had subdued the deity of battle, Artharosma, felt overwhelmed in the presence of Chaos, like a mouse in front of a cat.

It felt like facing an immense and infinitely diminishing universe.

"I, I greet the God of Primordial Chaos!"

Artharosma, looking up at Chaos, immediately bowed.

In that fleeting moment, Ryu Min observed the expression on his face.

"Is Artharosma afraid?"

Looking at the intermittently trembling shoulders, it was evident.

Even the immortal existence feared the imposing presence that made even the undying seem fearful.

Indeed, it was worthy of being called the God of Primordial Chaos.

"You seem pathetic. Since the time you returned after being defeated by a mere human, I knew this would happen."

"Do you dare betray me and join hands with humans?"

Artharosma's shoulders twitched. Unbelievably, the conversation with the black scythe had been exposed.

"I have no excuse."

Artharosma couldn't even raise his head.

But even so, as if feeling the need to say something, he opened his mouth.

"It was unavoidable to fulfill my wish. Please understand..."

"If your wish is to break the curse of the undying, is it not?"

Artharosma, surprised, raised his head.

"Oh, did you know?"

"I knew. Didn't we make a promise? If you did what I asked, I would lift the curse of the undying."

"What?"

As if surprised by the unexpected revelation, Chaos chuckled with his tongue.

"You fool. Did you forget even the promise we made? No, was it forgotten?"

"What do you mean...?"

"Do you still not know? You played with that human. He deliberately erased his memories of me."

With a twisted gaze, Artharosma turned his eyes.
ChatGPT

As if questioning the truth of what had just been said, Ryu Min was looked at, but no response could be heard.

"Tsk tsk, how pathetic. If you had just dealt with the humans here, the curse could have been lifted. To be deceived by humans and instead harbor the intention to betray me."

"I, I apologize, Lord Chaos. I absolutely did not have such intentions..."

Desperately trying to justify himself, Artharosma looked up with eyes that seemed disappointed, as if Chaos had expected more.

"If you still have memories of me, you would know. Why I am called the God of Destruction."

"Oh, I understand."

"So many deities challenged my will and died to the point where it became unbearable. Some were condemned to eternal suffering in Tartaros' underground prison."

"If you intended to betray me, you too should be imprisoned, and the punishment there would be a mere trifle for you. Thus."

After a momentary pause, Chaos continued, "I won't kill you."

"What?"

"I won't do anything. I won't put you in prison, and I won't lift the curse. Just living itself will be torment for you."

Artharosma's body trembled.

Some memories were erased, but he vividly remembered how terrible an undying life could be.

"P-please, end my life. If you could lift the curse and then end it..."

"No, that would be no different from a reward for you, wouldn't it? You must receive punishment—a punishment of eternal life."

Artharosma's mouth hung open in bewilderment.

Though momentarily in a state of shock, he looked up at Chaos with a face that said he would do anything to fulfill his wish.

"The deletion of memories with Lord Chaos was not my intention. So, please give me a chance."

"A chance?"

Artharosma's lively gaze turned towards the black scythe.

"I will kill all these damn humans and the vermin here as you command. So..."

"How do you plan to kill them when you can't even remember your combat skills from your past life?"

"...."

"Just stay quiet. I have no intention of entrusting tasks to useless losers who can't even do what they're told properly."

Saying so, Chaos looked down on the people with a sinister gaze. "Leave these humans to me. Since I'm already here, I'll personally take care of killing them."
ChatGPT

No one could misunderstand Chaos's words.

Just by looking into his eyes, it was easy to grasp his intentions to the point that one's bones would shiver.

"Did he just say he would personally kill us?"

"Are we just going to die like this?"

"T-that's something we can never overcome."

The thoughts of those in despair were audible, but Ryu Min did not give up.

After enduring 20 rounds, how could he let it all fall apart in the end?

"Trying to persuade Artharos was a mistake. Chaos has already caught on to the entire plan."

If that's the case, there's only one option.

Either persuade Chaos or fight and win.

"Let's try something before we fight."

Ryu Min first attempted to initiate a conversation.

"So, you're Chaos? I read about you in Artharos's memories. The one behind the order to kill me."

[I have no intention of conversing with a mere human.]

"Instead of that, just tell me. Why do you want to kill us?"

Though Ryu Min observed Chaos's eyes, the creature's thoughts were unreadable.

While the Insightful Eyes had been activated, most of the information was concealed.

[Chaos]

└ Race: Deity

└ Alignment: Evil

└ Status: God of Primordial Chaos

└ Special Notes: …….

└ Weakness: …….

"He's an incredibly powerful being if I can't read his thoughts."

Even without that, Ryu Min could feel it.

Whenever he met that eerie gaze, his whole body felt a tingling sensation.

Therefore, he needed to avoid a fight as much as possible and find a resolution.

"Huh? Answer me. There's no benefit for you in killing a lowly human like me."

[Your tongue is sharp for a human.]

Just by looking into Chaos's eyes, Ryu Min could tell.

A dismissive gaze, as if there was no value in conversing.

"There's probably no point in saying more."

He had tried to create a breakthrough even while lowering himself, but it failed.

Communication was not possible.

"In the end, is there no choice but to fight?"

He wanted to avoid this, but there was no other way.

Even a worm wriggles when stepped on, as they say.

At that moment, Ryu Min noticed a demon retreating in his field of vision.

It was the top-ranked demon he had brought from the demon realm, Sitri.

"Sitri."

[Ugh, ugh...]
ChatGPT

"Wake up."

Sitri, who belatedly turned his gaze away from Chaos and looked at Ryu Min, spoke in an earnest tone.

"Oh, your Majesty. It would be better to retreat now. Please, I earnestly request you to leave from here..."

"There's nowhere to escape. We are trapped here."

"Isn't that something we won't know unless we try?"

Even without trying, Ryu Min knew.

Players were set to be unable to leave the boss room.

"Fine. Let's give it a try."

Just in case, Ryu Min tried using a skill to warp to the demon realm.

As expected, it didn't work.

"I was wrong. We're stuck here without a chance until we defeat the boss."

"Ah..."

"Oh, if it's not the player, like you, you might be able to return to the demon realm."

Upon hearing this, Sitri, who saw hope, twinkled his eyes.

It was a gaze pleading to be sent away.

"Why not send him when he's asking like that? He's just a mana-consuming creature anyway."

Ryu Min smirked.

"Sure. You go."

"R-really?"

"Yeah. I'll send you. Go."

"T-thank you... No, I'm sorry for going alone..."

"Hurry up before I change my mind."

Hurriedly, Sitri, who had been rambling, used the warp and disappeared.

"One little mouse escaped, but it doesn't matter."

As if he desired a human himself, Chaos looked down with a frightening gaze.

"Now, shall we begin? I'll enjoy watching you all in chaos."

In an instant, Chaos's eyes flickered.

Players who met the violet glow raised their weapons as if bewitched.

"What, what are you doing? Snap out of it, ahh!"

A sword penetrated a comrade's heart.

Joining in, other players turned the already deceased bodies into marionettes.

Thud, thud!

In an instant, one ally was gruesomely killed.

"Why, what's happening!"

"D-don't attack!"

"Are you crazy? Why are you suddenly doing this!"

Chaos erupted, turning into a whirlpool of chaos in a moment, as players everywhere engaged in a frenzy.

"As soon as we made eye contact with Chaos, we were brainwashed."
ChatGPT

Of course, Ryu Min was also looking at Chaos at that moment.

However,

[A powerful mental barrier has blocked the mental attack.]

Thanks to the runes of the mental barrier, he could remain unscathed even after seeing the violet gaze.

"Ahh! Don't stab me! I said not to stab!"

"Don't come close! I'll kill you!"

"What the hell, weren't we in the same party? How are you hurting me?"

"I don't know! Maybe the party disbanded!"

"These guys must've gone crazy together!"

"Maybe they're not crazy, but they got brainwashed by that guy?"

Ryu Min quickly counted and found that there were thirty players attacking allies.

Nearly half of them were under some kind of brainwashing.

These were the ones who made eye contact with Chaos at that time.

Among them, there were familiar faces.

"Russell! Stop it!"

Ryu Min grabbed Russell's arm as he swung a hammer toward allies.

"Ughhh!"

Seeing Russell trying to break free with all his might without moving, Ryu Min realized.

'These are not normal eyes. I can't undo the brainwashing with words.'

Ryu Min raised his fist as he made a judgment.

"Sorry."

Thud!

Russell, whose nasal bone sank, fainted.

He didn't hit with full force, so Russell didn't die.

'This is the only way to incapacitate them all.'

Even if they woke up, Ryu Min didn't know if they would attack again, but there was no other choice.

Ryu Min found the crazed players and, in the same way, delivered a punch.

Thud, thud!

The brainwashed players fell one by one.

Although they were in a state of incapacity, at least they wouldn't attack allies.

Ryu Min raised his fist again but hesitated for a moment.

The opponent was none other than Christine.

'Christine is an essential force in the current situation. I can't knock her out.'

He couldn't risk needing a resurrection skill in the situation, so he refrained from throwing a punch.

'There's no other choice.'

Ryu Min grabbed Christine's shoulders.

"Christine! Look here!"

"Eeek!"

As she struggled to break free, Ryu Min stared at her with violet eyes.

"Command. Snap out of it and help the people."

[Used Domination Skill.] [Temporary Skill - Domination]

Remaining Uses: 7 times
ChatGPT
Target: Black Scythe, Yamti, Krisi

As Ryu Min commanded with Domination, Christine's movements calmly changed.

Her eyes, which had lost their sanity, returned to normal.

"Huh? What am I doing now...?"

"Are you back to your senses?"

"Lord Black Scythe?"

"A moment ago, you were also brainwashed by Chaos, just like those people."

Following Ryu Min's gaze, there were people who were attacking their allies.

"Was I like that?"

"Yeah. I snapped you out of it with Domination."

"Oh, thank you..."

"Forget the thanks. Can you help the injured people?"

"What about the dead ones? Should I revive them?"

"Use healing potions to revive them, but don't use the resurrection skill."

Ryu Min kept the one-time-use resurrection card since he couldn't use it on just anyone.

"Got it."

After hearing the response, Ryu Min immediately flew through the air.

Thud!

He once again knocked out the people who couldn't regain their senses, and for those he hesitated to knock out, he used Domination to bring them back to their senses.

"Are you back to your senses? Alex?"

"Yes, th-thank you, Lord Black Scythe."

While rescuing people in this way, Ryu Min ended up leaving only one Domination skill.