
ChatGPT

Title: The 100th Regression of a Max Level Player - Episode 330

Episode 330: The Door to the Celestial Realm

Having warped to the Demon King's Castle, Ryumin let out a sigh.

[You have left your position during the round.] [If you do not return to the designated location within 1 hour, your player qualification will be revoked.] [Time remaining until disqualification: 00:59:59]

'Still stuck in this damn survival game.'

Receiving this message was evidence that Ryumin was still entangled in the survival game.

Of course, if he didn't return within an hour, Ryumin would regain his freedom.

The revocation of player qualification meant returning to being an ordinary person.

'But I can't just give up after coming this far.'

Giving up after just one challenging round would be insane, especially with the Wish Stone, which grants any wish, right in front of him.

'Above all, I have a reason to obtain the Wish Stone.'

Even if he were turned back into an ordinary person, Ryumin wouldn't accept it willingly. He would willingly participate as a mercenary in the Heavenly Demon Grand War and lead the war to victory.

'But there's something to do before that.'

Ryumin closed his eyes and summoned the last surviving demon aristocrat.

As he did, the only remaining demon aristocrat, Citri, appeared through the warp.

[Did you summon me, Your Majesty? It's a pleasure to see you again.]

"Oh. How have you been?"

[Th-thanks to you, I've been well, but...]

Citri seemed uneasy about something.

Anyone might think he intended to kill him.

'Is he feeling guilty for leaving the boss room alone? Surprisingly, he seems loyal.'

Seeing through Citri's guilt, which was likely due to a sense of wrongdoing, Ryumin looked at him sternly, and Citri misunderstood, prostrating himself.

[S-Sorry! If it's punishment, I'll gladly accept it!]

"What are you apologizing for?"

[For leaving during the round.]

"I told you to leave."

[Still, I shouldn't have gone. Leaving the king behind, even as a humble servant. A lowly bug like me doesn't deserve to live...]

"Enough with the unnecessary words. Let me ask you something."

[Yes? What is it...?]

"Do you know how to get to the Celestial Realm?"

At Ryumin's question, Citri's eyes widened in surprise.
ChatGPT

[Going to the Celestial Realm?]

"Oh. I can freely travel between the Demon Realm, but I don't know how to get to the Celestial Realm. Do you happen to know?"

[I do know, but... you cannot enter through the normal route.]

"So, you're saying it's possible through an abnormal route?"

[Yes. There is one way to get to the front of the Celestial Realm's gate. However, the gatekeeper won't let you in willingly.]

"It's fine. I'll just threaten them."

[...]

"Just guide me to the entrance. I'll take it from there."

[No, there's a better way.]

Ryumin laughed as he read Citri's sly smile.

"Alright, guide me."

The Celestial Realm and the Demon Realm exist in different dimensions.

It is nearly impossible to travel or invade each other's domains due to the differences in their territories.

Dimensional travel consumes a significant amount of energy.

However, during the Final Round, they could meet without paying the energy cost.

The system of the otherworld served as a bridge between the two dimensions.

But that wasn't the only way.

Unofficial routes existed everywhere.

"That? The gate to enter the Celestial Realm?"

[Yes. That's correct. Through that gate, you can enter the Celestial Realm, even without being from another dimension.]

Facing the massive gate hundreds of meters high, built above the clouds, Ryumin turned to Citri.

"Can you really do it?"

[Of course. Do you doubt my abilities?]

"I'll believe it when I see it."

[Don't worry, leave it to me. I've had plenty of experience with Celestials.]

"Then go ahead and give it a try."

Upon the command, Citri nodded and transformed.

From the form of a winged leopard to that of a beautiful angel.

It was the ability to change the appearance that Citri possessed.

"Very convincing."

[Then I'll be on my way.]

With a bright smile, Citri confidently approached the gatekeeper of the Celestial Realm.

Upon seeing Citri, the two gatekeepers showed a wary expression.

[Halt.] [Identify yourself.]
ChatGPT

"If there's even a slight suspicion, immediately send a signal and lock the door so that no one can open it."

[Ho ho ho, gatekeepers, you've been working hard. Don't act so stiff; take a look here.]

Citri, imitating the unique laughter of an angel, flashed a bright smile.

The purple-glowing pupils instantly captivated the minds of the gatekeepers.

[Oh, it can be this beautiful.] [What do you desire? I will grant you anything.]

Although the two gatekeepers were entranced, Citri, seemingly disinterested, waved towards Ryumin.

[It's done, Your Majesty!]

"Is it a power similar to Yamti? It seems quite effective."

Another ability of Citri is seduction. It can be used normally, but the chances increase significantly when using it while in a transformed state. It is said that one could willingly offer anything, be it trivial or significant.

As Ryumin approached, Citri grinned.

[Now, just give me any command. What shall I do?]

"Tell them to open the door."

[Understood. Excuse me, gatekeepers? Could you please open the door?] [Oh! Get a hold of yourself. Of course, we should open it. We can't let such a beautiful lady stand here.]

The gatekeepers, who seemed to see only Citri in their eyes, didn't bother with Ryumin at all.

Grrrrrrr-

The sight of the giant door opening on its own was truly spectacular.

Ryumin, who had entered the Celestial Realm, glanced at the time that appeared in his retina.

[Time remaining until disqualification: 00:39:42]

'Time is running out.'

He needed to finish his business quickly and return within the remaining time.

[Now that you've entered the Celestial Realm, what are you going to do?]

"I'm looking for someone."

[Someone to find?]

"A deity I saw in the Celestial Realm before. They might be here. I heard from Plunictos that they occasionally appear in the Celestial Hall."

As Citri widened his eyes, seemingly unaware that Ryumin came to find a deity.

"You go back to the Demon Realm for now. I'll take care of things from here."

[Are you sure it's okay? I could help with...]

"No need. So, don't make that guilty expression and just go back. I'll find the deity on my own."

[How do you plan to find them in this vast Celestial Realm...?]

"There are various ways."
ChatGPT

When Ryumin used the skill, a prompt appeared with a pleased notification.

[Face and name matched. Tracking the target.] [Location of the target 'Nemesis' identified.] [Currently 4,431m away.] [To track the target, follow the arrow in front of you.]

"Fortunately, they're in the Celestial Realm."

Ryumin's mouth curled up, expressing his satisfaction.

'What's going on?'

Nemesis, the vengeful goddess sitting in the Celestial Hall, was extremely bewildered by the current situation.

She had been surprised when Micael dropped the Black Scythe and even when she heard the news of her death from the Black Scythe.

However, compared to the news she just heard, those events were nothing.

'He survived even when Chaos personally intervened. How on earth did that mere human manage it?'

When she heard that Chaos, the god of chaos and destruction, had personally intervened, Nemesis thought that the Black Scythe would finally meet its end.

But somehow, the survival game did not end, and the Black Scythe, designated as the sole survivor, was approaching the final round.

'Is this somewhat fortunate? If the Black Scythe takes the lead now, victory for the Celestials is certain.'

If Plunictos had advanced the war as planned, the Celestials would have been defeated.

However, for some reason, communication had been cut off after the 18th round, and the war did not advance even without handing over the Black Scythe.

'Back then, if Plunictos didn't hand over the Black Scythe, the situation would have confirmed our defeat. But now, the situation has changed.'

Leaving the Black Scythe alive had become a shortcut for the Celestials to win in their current predicament.

'The problem is that Chaos wishes for the death of the Black Scythe.'

In the celestial war held once every hundred years, the Celestials had only won once.

They lost in the first round and the second round.

Upon realizing that it would be dull if only one side won, the gods introduced a system to use humans as mercenaries.

In the third round, when the Celestials lost again, they introduced the program for the first time and raised humans as mercenaries.

However, due to the high difficulty, no human had reached the final round, and the fourth celestial war inevitably ended with the defeat of the Celestials.
ChatGPT

Having suffered consecutive defeats from the 1st to the 4th celestial war, the Celestials miraculously secured a victory in the 5th round, though it was not due to human assistance since they hadn't been raised even up to the 20th round. They achieved victory solely through their own strength.

'Well, it ended up in another defeat in the 6th round.'

And now, as the 7th celestial war was about to unfold, the gods naturally anticipated the Celestials to lose. They expected that human mercenaries and similar variables wouldn't matter. So far, no human had reached the final round under the Celestials' command.

'But unexpectedly, one has made it. Defying all the gods' expectations.'

Moreover, this human demonstrated overwhelming prowess, to the extent of being capable of defeating both Celestials and demons on the battlefield. If this Black Scythe fought alongside them, the victory for the Celestials was almost guaranteed.

'In that case, through the wager, we can obtain an enormous [Terra]. As the defeat is expected, the dividends are likely to flow to the demons.'

However, Nemesis soon wore a regretful expression. While the victory for the Celestials was clear, the problem arose when Chaos changed its mind.

Whether it be a bet or an order to kill the Black Scythe.

'If Chaos decided to stand on the side of the Celestials, why suddenly change the plan?'

Since the energy of Chaos was at stake, it was expected that Chaos would also hope for the Celestials to win. However, why express the desire to kill the Black Scythe, a card almost equivalent to victory?

'I truly don't understand, even though I have insight...'

"I found you."

[Hyak!]

Nemesis jumped in surprise at the sudden voice from behind and turned around. Upon confirming the face of the opponent, she was startled once again.

[You, Black Scythe?]

"It's me, and that's not important. Just answer my question."

[Neiioooom!]

Without fearing the scythe touching her neck, Nemesis erupted in anger.

"How dare you enter the Celestial Realm without permission and threaten a god! Are you out of your mind? Do you even know who I am?"

"I know you're the goddess of vengeance, Nemesis."

[Do you say that knowing what's happening?]

"That doesn't matter. Just answer my question."

[Neiioooom!]

Unfazed by the scythe touching her neck, Nemesis flared up like a fire.

[How dare you enter the Celestial Realm without permission and threaten a god! Are you out of your mind? Do you even know who I am?]

"I'm Nemesis, the goddess of vengeance."

[Do you say that knowing what's happening?]

"That doesn't matter. You know too, right? That I'm the one who subdued Artaros and killed Plunictos."

[Wha- What? Who died?]

"Artaros and Plunictos."
ChatGPT

Upon hearing the astonishing two names, Nemesis sighed.

[Dare you mock me over this human matter!]

"I didn't intend to do that."

[Speak nonsense more carefully!]

"Surely, you didn't know? Surprising. I thought gods with omniscience would be quick in obtaining information... Is it because Chaos intervened?"

[Completely out of your mind! How can a mere human kill a god!]

"Even though I'm a player, I'm not just an ordinary human."

[What?]

"Shall I show you once?"

As soon as the words ended, a sharp pain was felt in the neck.

Glancing down, crimson blood was flowing from Nemesis's neck.

"Saw it? If I were a human, could I inflict such a wound on a god's neck?"

[....]

"So, from now on, listen carefully to what I say. If you even blink, you'll die right here."

As if not an empty threat, when he slightly pulled the scythe, Nemesis trembled with a tense face.

In her eyes, the fear that was present when facing Chaos resurfaced.

[Wh-what do you want?]

As if waiting for those words, Ryumin grinned with a sly smile.

"Tell me everything you know about Chaos."