
ChatGPT

Title: "Episode 335 of the 100th Regression for a Max Level Player"

VS Chaos

"Huh? Who is that?"

Moros, startled by the appearance of the supervisor, turned his gaze to Chaos.

The observing gods were also caught in confusion.

[Is that Chaos, the god of chaos?] [Why is Chaos here?] [We thought you had no interest in our bets.] [Could it be that Chaos wants to bet too?] [That doesn't seem to be the case. If he came for a bet, he should have come here, not to the battlefield.] [Come to think of it, you're right.]

Chaos appeared directly at the venue of the celestial battle, not in the gods' hall.

As if he intended to intervene himself.

[Wait, is he trying to intervene directly in the game on the board...?] [Even if it's Chaos, this is not right! It goes against fairness!] [Chaos, for what reason?]

If the purpose was to confuse the gods, it was successful, even those on the battlefield were confused.

[What are those eyes?] [It's Chaos.] [What? Chaos, the god of the primordial?] [I saw a picture in the Record Room. It's certain.] [Why is Chaos here...?]

Both the Celestials and the Demons stopped fighting and looked at the huge pupils in the sky without any hesitation.

And soon realized.

That terrifying gaze was directed at only one person.

"You're a lucky human. I thought you were dead in the boss room."

"...."

Ryumin silently glared at him.

Seeing him, memories of his fallen comrades vividly resurfaced, just like yesterday.

"There's no escaping now."

"Who said anything about running away? The person who's only hoping for revenge is right here."

"Revenge? Hahaha! Is that what you call revenge? It's absurd. A toy created by Gaia."

Ryumin's eyebrows twitched as his poker face, maintained until now, shattered.

It was because of the unexpected name he heard.

'Did you know it was Gaia's doing?'
ChatGPT

Title: "The Mother of Life, Known as the Creator Goddess Gaia, is the Wife of Chaos."

They heard from Luvahi that the two, in collaboration, designed a system to create humans as mercenaries.

"But Chaos only provided the source; Gaia was the one who directly designed it," he said.

Gaia is the practical mastermind behind the system and Luvahi's superior.

In other words, the one who brought Ryumin, the counterpart of Chaos, to this point was none other than Gaia.

"But do you already know that fact?"

It was clear when Chaos expressed himself as Gaia's toy.

"Damn wife. In front, receiving adoration from other gods, while secretly creating a weapon to stab me in the back."

Chaos, muttering, looked down at Ryumin as if he were pitiful.

"It's not even funny. To think that a mere human could threaten me. It's enough to hurt my pride."

"Whether it becomes a threat or not, you'll find out when you experience it yourself, won't you?"

"Didn't you learn your lesson the last time? Ridiculous."

A sigh was heard as Chaos blinked his eyes.

In that moment, Ryumin's body moved like light.

He activated the rune of light, as if waiting for that brief moment of distraction.

"To inflict a single blow with the highest possible damage."

Using the Death Seal and even invoking the Divine Transformation, Ryumin flew alone towards Chaos in the slowed background.

Ideally, he wanted to unleash his ultimate move, the Moonlight Isle, but there was no time for that.

"The rune of light only speeds up movement. There's no time to use the Moonlight Isle."

The activation time for the Moonlight Isle was one second.

In that one second, if Chaos could perceive Ryumin's movement, there was a high chance the attack would be blocked.

"If he catches on, it's over. I can't give him time to react."

Above all, he had a deceptive technique called Phase Shift.

If he could evade any attack 0.1 seconds faster, even a slowly activated Moonlight Isle would be easily avoided.

"So there's only one thing I have to do."

Deliver a blow as quickly as possible, to the point where he couldn't dodge it.

Of course, if he could dodge even that, there would be no solution.
ChatGPT

Title: "‘But can it block attacks as fast as light?’"

This was the strategy devised by Luvahi and Ryumin.

"Player, secure victory!"

Ryumin's scythe passed through Chaos's eyeball without any feeling.

But there was no sense of the blade cutting through.

However, black streaks sprayed like a fountain from the eyeball as if in slow motion.

"Did it hit?"

It was just a basic attack without any skills, but it seemed to have an effect.

Ryumin attempted to strike once more.

However, either it didn't land the second time or Chaos's eyeball became blurry.

Automatic activation of Phase Shift had shifted Chaos into an alternate dimension.

"Damn, is it really just about landing a blow no matter how fast you move like light?"

It was regrettable, but there was nothing he could do.

There was no way to attack Chaos in a different dimension.

"For now, I need to evade."

Ryumin opened his inventory and changed into the Assassin's Mask.

Perhaps because the helmet of Thanatos was removed, the Divine Transformation was also released.

"I don't need Divine Transformation now if the attacks won't land."

Instead, he remembered the strategy devised by Luvahi and put on the Ring of Doppelganger.

"If Luvahi's plan works as she said..."

It would prove useful for dodging attacks for a short while.

Ryumin changed his nickname, and his face transformed from the previous Lost Yak to the new one.

When he hid his body within the crowd where Chaos's gaze couldn't reach, time returned to normal.

[Roar!]

A painful scream shook the heavens and the earth.

Every blink revealed black streaks flowing from Chaos's eyeballs.

[Damn human! How dare this insignificant creature!]

Enduring the pain, Chaos, with blinking eyes, opened a spatial rift.

A spear of instantaneous death, with a piercing momentum, quickly protruded.

"I'll kill you. Kill you right now..."

However, contrary to his words, Chaos couldn't thrust the spear.

Or rather, Ryumin wasn't visible.

No matter how Chaos rolled his eyeballs in all directions, he couldn't find him.

"You rat! Even if you hide..."

Chaos, who thought he could quickly find him with tracking abilities, blinked in confusion.

Confusion showed in his eyes.
ChatGPT

Title: "In fact, Chaos was also tracking based on appearance and nickname."

This meant that changing appearance and nickname would render one untraceable.

"Damn rat! Where are you hiding? Where are you hiding!"

Despite shouting in frustration, the only ones visible were the Celestials and Demons, blankly staring.

"I'll tear you apart! I will find you and dismember your body for sure!"

Ignoring the thunderous roar of Chaos, Ryumin, hidden among the crowd, chuckled.

"Changing appearance and nickname indeed makes it impossible to find."

It was as Luvahi had said.

Trust in him increased slightly, but it was too early to be pleased.

Chaos was still alive and well.

"Well, no matter how strong I am, I won't die from a basic attack."

Although he regretted not killing him, he discovered that with the use of the Rune of Light, he could land an effective blow with a single hit.

"I've bought some time. But it's only temporary."

Unless Chaos was a fool, he would find a way.

"So, I need to finish the round as quickly as possible and obtain the Wishing Stone."

Ryumin instructed the Celestials not to let Chaos notice.

Instead of standing idly, they should resume the war.

The battle angels, who belatedly regained their senses, attacked the Demons with cheers.

"Attack! Victory is ours!"

Countless angels woven into the sky tangled with the confused Demons.

Unable to retaliate, the demons had to endure like sandbags.

"Urgh!" "Keeah!"

With no resistance, the number of demons quickly diminished.

Ryumin, no longer hiding, also joined the fight.

Swish! Swish!

There was no worry about revealing himself while openly killing demons with his scythe.

"Even if Chaos's eyes are big, his field of view is limited. In other words, there is a blind spot."

Using the vast battlefield, it was easy to hide in the blind spots.

Although he couldn't escape Chaos's anger.

"These crazy creatures dare to wage war in front of my eyes?"

An uncomfortable feeling arose as Chaos opened a space and summoned countless crimson spears.

Without a tracking function, it was a mortal spear that acknowledged its destructive power.
ChatGPT

Title: "Although I didn't want to favor one side, there's no choice. I can't let that human take the Wishing Stone like this."

Muttered Chaos, blinking his eyes.

Then, spears aimed at the Celestials poured down like rain.

"Die and disappear. Creatures of the heavens."

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Pierced by the spears, thousands of Celestials died in a single blow.

"As expected. He intends to hinder me from clearing the round."

Ryumin, who was outside the damage radius, felt urgency upon seeing the newly generated spears.

As long as Chaos continued to reduce the number of Celestials at this rate, it would quickly fall below 10%, and the war would end.

Defeated, Ryumin would simply disappear without needing to be sought out.

"Now is not the time to slowly kill like this. I need to reduce the number of demons faster than Chaos."

There was no other way.

Killing Chaos seemed impossible, so he had to secure the Wishing Stone.

Watching the descending spears of death again, Ryumin commanded the demons.

Rather than staying still, protect the Celestials.

The order was conveyed to all demons.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Like shields, the rotating demons pushed back the Celestials and took the hits from the spears.

Surprised by the sight of demons saving their enemies, Chaos furrowed his brow.

"Have these creatures gone mad? Did they get brainwashed as a group? Why are they protecting the angels?"

Chaos couldn't even imagine that Ryumin had become a demon lord.

At that moment, a sinister energy flew into Chaos's field of view.

It was the Moonlight Isle used by Ryumin.

While hundreds of demons turned into dust in its path, the Moonlight Isle approached Chaos without losing momentum.

"Heh, did you think such a trivial attack would work on me?"

However, Chaos's Phase Shift easily diverted the Moonlight Isle.

If he had a mouth, he would have sneered at that moment.

"You fool. It's just that you revealed your location..."

For a moment, Chaos couldn't continue his words, and his eyes widened.

The attack he thought he had avoided entered the dimensional space.

Into the space he had fled to.

"What!?"

Panicked, Chaos quickly reversed the phase dimension.

He almost fell for it.
ChatGPT

'What happened? How did his attack track into my dimension?'

He had a similar experience when facing the opponent in the boss room earlier.

The damage reflected from his own attacks had traced back to him.

Chaos, who felt a chill down his spine, was not out of the woods yet.

Ryumin's Moonlight Isle, activated on the opponent's turn, was flying in at regular intervals.