
ChatGPT

Title: Episode 341 of the 100th Regression for a Max Level Player

Chapter 101 (5)

"What? It's 1,000?"

According to Lubeahi, when the second divine transformation occurs, one is reborn as a complete divine being. Naturally, you can feel the Terra energy and realize how to use it.

"But the energy I feel is only 1,000."

No, it's 1,001. Just increased by one.

"Does it naturally increase?"

Starting at 1,000 and accumulating naturally.

The road ahead seemed daunting.

"Well, I can't expect there to be money in the bank just because I opened an account."

Should I be grateful that there's at least 1,000?

Muttering about having unnecessary expectations, another message comes up.

[A new soul binding quest is available.]

"Huh? Another quest? I heard killing gods was the last one?"

Rumin, who was examining the content with a bewildered expression, couldn't hide his surprise.

"What kind of quest is this? It can't be a joke, right?"

He had always acted according to the system messages, but this time, he couldn't hesitate.

It was an order that made him doubt his own eyes.

At that moment, another message appeared on the retina.

[Due to the completion of the second divine transformation, the function of the Insight Eyes has been unlocked.] [Now you can identify the weaknesses of all subjects with the Insight Eyes.]

"Fortunately, the ability to identify weaknesses has returned."

It was like a welcome rain during a drought when the news came that, due to the lack of Terra energy, had disappointed him.

But the good news didn't end there.

[From now on, you can absorb Terra energy by killing gods.] [However, you cannot absorb energy from the Primordial God even if you kill it.]

"Of course. Lubeahi didn't lie."

If you kill a god, you can absorb all the Terra energy you have. That was the advantage of the second divine transformation, as Lubeahi had said.

Of course, it doesn't apply to other gods.

It was designed so that only Rumin's entity could absorb energy.

That way, he could devour the gods, become stronger, and stand against the chaos.

This was the way to confront chaos.
ChatGPT

"Despite having less Terra than I thought, it's not a problem. I can just kill the gods to obtain it."

However, that doesn't mean I'll kill just anyone. I've decided to only kill the gods responsible for the massacre of humans.

"First, should I try killing Erebos, the underling of Chaos?"

I may not know Erebos's location, but there's a way.

Threatening the captured Nyx with his soul should do the trick.

Somewhere deep in the underground prison Tartaros.

At first glance, it may look like a forge with boiling lava and various tools, but it's not.

This place is nothing other than a torture chamber where prisoners are bound and tormented.

"Son, take a look."

Erebos pierced the body of a human prisoner with the iron rod in his hand.

Puk-puk!

"Surely you feel pain. Aren't you going to scream?" "Well, he's just twitching like a bug, isn't he?" "But look."

After dipping the iron rod into the flowing lava and withdrawing it, Erebos turned toward the prisoner.

"When you press a heated rod against human flesh like this..."

Szzzzz-

"Argh!"

"Rather than just stabbing, it can inflict extreme pain. Look. Can you see the bones melting?" "Really. Haha! It's so much fun. Can I try it too?" "Sure, go ahead."

When Erebos handed over the iron rod, his son Aether quickly followed suit.

Szzzzz- Szzzzz-

"Argh! Argh!"

"Look at this human. Even on the verge of death, he doesn't scream. Does he have some pride in his appearance?" "Perhaps this human has a special reason. Does it taste like conquest? Hehehe." "Well, if it's easy, it's not fun. Kick, kick, kick."

Smirking at the nearly unconscious prisoner, the sadistic duo resumed their torture.

Despite wishing for death, this place is a hellish prison that confines souls. Even if one wants to die, the reality is that they cannot.

"Argh!"

"Hahaha! Let's see how long you can endure, you insect-like human!"

"He seems quite arrogant."

Erebos, who was watching his son's torture with satisfaction, turned his head.

"Hmm? What's this signal?"

A signal was transmitted, indicating that someone had been caught in the iron bars he had set up.
ChatGPT

"Son, I'll be back in a moment. It seems someone has fallen into my trap...." "Kid, shall we see if this one can endure too?"

Watching his son torture the prisoner without paying attention to his words, Erebos shook his head with excitement.

"I wonder who got caught in my trap this time?"

There are occasionally souls like that, foolish souls intruding into the prison to rescue prisoners. Most of the time, it involves relationships like love or family during their mortal lives.

"Foolish trespassing spirits. There's nothing as precious as their own lives."

To prevent such intruders, Erebos set traps all around, with iron bars descending to imprison the intruders after passing a certain area. And now, one of those traps had been triggered.

"Hehe, this time, let's see which foolish spirit has entered...."

Approaching the iron bars, Erebos was about to stop in astonishment.

"What? It's a living human?"

While the soul of a human is common, the one currently being tortured was also human. However, a living human was something Erebos had never seen here because this realm was supposed to be for the deceased only.

"How can a living human be here...."

"Did you come here on your own?"

The imprisoned human, Rumin, greeted with a smile. He had come here without the need for anyone to find him.

"Are you Erebos?"

"How do you know my name... more importantly, how can you understand what I'm saying? No way?"

Erebos's eyes widened.

"A player?"

Kiiiing-

Instead of answering, Rumin prepared his Moonlight Edge.

Seeing this, Erebos scoffed.

"You fool. You are now trapped in a prison. Even if you try to break it, fire... "

Erebos was about to say it was impossible when his eyes widened in surprise.

"Wait a moment."

Instinctively sensing danger from the inexplicable energy, he leaped away abruptly, just in time.

Kwakwakwakwa-boom!

An explosion occurred, sending Erebos flying over ten meters.

"Ugh...."

With pained eyes, Erebos looked up, unable to doubt his own eyes.

The iron bars, which he believed would never break, were now in shambles.

"This can't be. The iron bars that were fine for 1,800 years...."
ChatGPT

Not just any Battle God, but the god of war, Artaros, is said to be unbeatable. However, it seems his own thoughts were wrong.

Thud, thud...

A creature that broke iron bars with a single blow, like a monster, was approaching him.

Normally, he wouldn't be afraid of a mere human, but the current situation was very different.

"He broke the iron bars created with the power of dead gods. It's impossible unless the same divine power flows through him."

The statement implied that the opponent, despite appearing human, was, in fact, a god. This meant he could harm a deity like himself.

"How can a human possess divine power?"

Though hard to believe, the evidence was clear. Moreover, the creature was glaring at him.

It didn't seem like he had come to have a conversation.

"Darn it!"

In the end, Erebos had to swallow his pride.

"Trying to run away?"

Watching Erebos fleeing in the distance, Rumin suppressed a laugh.

Thinking he could escape from him – how amusing.

"It's like running on the palm of my hand."

With his tracking skill, there was no need to hastily chase after him.

While Rumin leisurely pursued, Erebos wasn't just running without a plan.

Clang!

Turning his head at a sudden sound, Erebos grinned.

"He's caught!"

The human was trapped by the iron bars.

It was deliberately set as a lure to entice him.

"I should escape before he frees himself again."

Thinking he had bought some time, Erebos quickly returned to the torture chamber.

"Aether! Aether!" "Father? What's going on?"

Seeing his desperate father, Aether stopped torturing.

"We have intruders right now! We need to escape quickly!" "Why worry when there are iron bars?" "A creature capable of breaking those iron bars has appeared!" "Oh... It was so much fun though..."

The grumbling son made Erebos look frustrated.

"Now is not the time to complain! We need to escape quickly..."

"It's already too late."

Erebos was startled by the voice from behind.

"H-How did you... so soon?" "I have a skill that allows me to teleport through space."

Being able to use Moonlight Edge meant he could use other skills too. Escaping with a flash was easier than pie.

"What's this? It's a human, right?"
ChatGPT

At that moment, Aether stepped forward and scanned Rumin from top to bottom.

"Don't come any closer!" "Father, why are you so scared? It's just a human." "Didn't you hear what I said? That human is right now...!"

Erebos momentarily stopped speaking and reconsidered.

"He's an individual who broke iron bars with a single blow. If he gets caught, he might die without resistance. However..."

If someone intervened, there might be an opportunity.

"Well, my son won't be a problem if he doesn't have any more offspring."

Erebos, who was initially fearful, changed his expression.

"Son! Show that ignorant human what you've got!" "Don't worry, father."

Aether, wearing a confident smile towards his father, turned his attention to the human.

"To dare speak so insolently about a human, do you even know where you are...?"

"Both gods are trash?"

Reading the minds of the two deities in an instant, Rumin shook his head with a bitter smile.

One was enjoying torturing the souls of humans, and the other was using his son as a shield to survive.

Rumin's sardonic laughter seemed uncomfortably inconvenient, causing veins to pop on Aether's forehead.

"That insane human. He needs to taste the whip to come to his senses... huh?"

As Aether raised the whip, an absurd expression appeared on his face.

Strangely, he couldn't put strength into his arm.

No, he couldn't feel anything at all.

"What's going on? Why can't I move my arm? I was holding the whip just now... Huh? That's my whip on the ground?"

Aether noticed his hand holding the whip lying on the ground. Blood was flowing from the severed part, and he saw his arm and the blood as his vision tilted upside down.

"I sacrificed even my own son, but what a waste. Couldn't I have bought more time?"

In an instant, witnessing Rumin cutting off Aether's arm and neck, Erebos was horrified.

"This... this..."

Before he could say anything, there was no time for final words.

Rumin's scythe mercilessly severed Erebos's neck.

[Experience Points +6,000,000,000] [Experience Points are converted to 60,000 stat points.] [Experience Points +3,000,000,000] [Experience Points are converted to 30,000 stat points.]

...

...
!
ChatGPT

[Level 460 Achieved!] [From now on, the amount of stats gained per level-up increases to 39!] [The Soul Gauntlet absorbs the souls of the slain deities.] [The soul 'Aether' has been stored in the gauntlet.] [Learned a new temporary skill 'Master of Waiting'!] [The soul 'Erebos' has been stored in the gauntlet.] [Learned a new temporary skill 'Hell's Jailer'!] [Absorbing Tera from the deceased god's physical forms.] [Absorbed 5,012,039 Tera from the soul 'Aether.'] [Absorbed 15,075,323 Tera from the soul 'Erebos.']

This content may violate our content policy. If you believe this to be in error, please submit your feedback — your input will aid our research in this area.