Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1001 - The grand master

Hearing the name Brock didn’t ring any bells to any of them. No matter how hard they tried they just had never heard the name before. Instead, they were trying to see if they could match his appearance to someone they knew, but again, other than his butler outfit he was wearing they didn’t recognize anything else.

Yet, for some reason, Nate was the only one that felt like he knew this person.

’Why is my brain having a big massive fart at a time like this?! I hate when I can’t remember things.’

What was worrying Layla, was the reaction Leo and Erin had towards this stranger. Leo was clearly on guard and Erin’s eyes wouldn’t stop glowing yellow. The only time she had seen Erin like this was when she was about to face a vampire.

"Wait, is he a... a.. vampire!" Layla asked. Now she was understanding why the other two were on guard and how he was able to defeat two Qi users so easily like so.

Leo nodded, giving confirmation. He could tell by his aura and more importantly both Erin and Leo could tell due to his smell. Sniffing the air a few times, Nate too could smell the difference now that Layla had said what had happened.

"It’s a little upsetting that you don’t remember me." Brock said, looking at Nate. "It’s because of me that you’re still alive."

Finally, something clicked in Nate’s head, he knew why he recognized this person. It wasn’t his looks or his outfit, it was his voice. When Nate was on the verge of death, he could hear someone instructing Sam on how to turn him into a vampire.

"So it was you that told Sam what to do?" Nate said, shocked.

The others now, were even more cautious, and gave the signal so Nate could use the shadow to allow them to equip their weapons. It was a skill that was later developed. Depending how far away people were from a shadow user, they could also use shadow equip on their allies.

After the shadow disappeared the weapons were now on display and they were ready for a scuffle.

"Wait guys! Nate you know him, is he friendly?" Layla asked.

"I’m not sure myself, but he did save mine and Dennis’ life back when Hilston attacked us, but other than that I have no clue who he is."

"Oh, that’s a shame, I thought I might have met one of the others from the Cursed faction here. Honestly, it was a complete coincidence that the two of us were after the same set of people." Brock tried to explain. "I assure you though, I, or we, are not an enemy, not unless you see us that way. My master is hoping to meet with Quinn, and I’m sure Quinn would like to meet him as well. So it’s in our best interests that the two of us work together."

What was worrying for Leo at the moment was he couldn’t gauge the person’s strength in front of him. Some of the vampires were able to suppress their auras strength. From his experience the only vampires that could do this were either vampire knights or leaders, and during Leo’s time as a vampire knight he got to know all of them well, but this was a person he did not recognise. What Leo didn’t like doing, was getting into scuffles or messes that he didn’t know much about.

"You said you wish to meet Quinn, and you’re on our side. Then why did you knock out those two before I was able to extract information from them?" Leo asked.

Brock took a step forward, and before his foot had landed on the ground, his whole body disappeared, and soon he was seen walking out from where they had come in, behind them. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"It’s up to you if you want to follow me or not, and I can explain on the way." Brock said, as he continued to walk.

"Can you tell us, who is your master, that you were talking about before?" Erin asked, as the group followed him.

Brock walked with his hands behind his back with his back straight up and wore a pair of white gloves. He was confident when he walked and he was certain where he was going as well.

"Me and my master have been trying to decide who to team up with to help the humans fend off the great Dalki." Brock started explaining. If they weren’t sure if he was a vampire before, from the way he called them humans, it was obvious he was one now. "We had already done an evaluation on the military. We knew the group wasn’t strong enough, and at the same time, their system was broken. The way they were handling things, soon they would self-destruct and it seems like we were right when Civil War broke out.

"However, what we never expected was for the human race to recover from the Civil War and be more united than ever before. For what we have found, it’s all due to you guys from the Cursed faction. You were what our calculations never predicted.

"Still, before that, we had originally thought about the idea of teaming up with Pure. They had a much higher chance of defeating the Dalki, they were confident and seemed to never worry about them as a threat, so we tried to find out why.

"They showed us many different things, but it still felt like they were hiding something, and along the way an option to team up with another had come up that wasn’t there before." Brock said, glancing at those still following behind.

"We wanted to look into Pure a bit more and it turns out they were hiding something. Through my own investigations it led me to this place."

Before they knew it, in another part of the jungle, the group had reached a large facility that looked almost like a factory. However the strange thing about it all was how quiet the place was, and as soon as the others had arrived they could tell something was up, because they could smell blood.

Walking forward, Brock pushed the double doors open and it was a sight they never expected to see. Human bodies were seen laying on the floor, glass tubes broken and equipment destroyed. However, what stuck out most was there seemed to be beasts that were dead, lying on the floor as well. All of them were the same type.

"As you can see, I have already been making progress and have stopped them from their wrongdoings. It turns out that Pure were running their own little experiments. They were trying to create their own type of beasts. A beast that would listen to them.

"When I arrived, I found that they had strapped many stray members of the Bree family. They had been trying to extract MC cells or use their powers to control the beasts. With cloning technology they wanted to create something that is completely loyal to them."

"Pure....was doing all this...but how? They couldn’t have known about this. My mother would have never let this happen!" Layla shouted, in disbelief.

"When an organisation gets too large, sometimes not everyone knows what is going on behind the scenes." Brock replied. "Your mother could have very well known nothing about this. Still, we decided that this needed to be stopped. After all, it would be horrible if humans were the ones that created the next Dalki, wouldn’t it?"

The group started to look around, as Brock just stood there in place while they did. They were trying to see if they could find anything, any information. The only thing that was found was some more numbers on some of the members’ backs, guaranteeing that they were members of Pure.

Even Layla had recognised some of the lower ranking members from when she was at the Pure base. However, other than that, they were unable to find anything at all. No additional information, nor a terminal unbroken.

"You destroyed everything, and took all the information for yourselves." Nate said. "We can’t learn anything, it’s like you’re blackmailing us."

"Blackmailing?" Brock replied. "Definitely not. Like I said, I wish for all of us to work together. Go ahead, tell me what exactly you were hoping to find from these people and I will help you."

The group paused for a second. They were still wondering if all of this was some trick or setup. Even the information they gave there was no way to tell if it was true or not, but Leo, unafraid compared to others, spoke up.

"There are two things we want to know. Where is the Pure base located, and who is the leader of Pure?" Leo asked.

"If that is all you are asking, it seems like the Cursed faction isn’t up to date with events as we thought. If that’s all you wanted to know, then I am happy to answer both of them for you."

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga