Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1017 - A single warrior

Charging into a group of Dalki would be frightening for anyone. If someone had told Quinn in the past that he would be doing exactly that in the future, he would have never believed them. Yet here he was, charging straight towards a deadly enemy.

For some reason, his mind was completely clear; he knew what he needed to do and he wasn’t even shaking.

’Is it because I know the lives of everyone behind me count on it? Or is it something else?’ Quinn wondered.

Looking at all of the Dalki in front of him, he used the inspect skill. It scanned the whole field and condensed it into information that was useful to him.

[Total number of Dalki: 45]

[Number of two spiked Dalki: 10] DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

[Number of one spiked Dalki: 35]

At first Quinn was surprised to see some two spiked Dalki among the group. Other than Borden, he had only fought against one spiked Dalkis in the past. Even back then he was helpless against them Yet now he wasn’t just facing one, but many two spiked Dalki.

’I’m not the same as I was back then, things are a lot different now.’ Quinn reassured himself and he was right.

His stats back then were nothing compared to what they are now. Before he was only a vampire but now he had evolved into a vampire lord, he also didn’t have great equipment back then either. At the moment, although he didn’t have a pair of good gauntlets, the rest of his equipment was still leaps and bounds ahead of the past. His blood skills, fighting skill, and everything about him was a different person.

"Is he planning to do that same kick as he did on Sach?" A teacher commented, watching Quinn bravely stand against the Dalki.

Even if Innu didn’t like him, he had to admit that not many people could stand there as the humans greatest threat in existence stood in front of them.

"If he is, I don’t think it will do much against them."

Quinn wanted to damage the Dalki as much as he could before they would reach him. Moving the Qi to his back right leg, the power was rising inside. The red energy was being prepared and at the same time, the second stage of Qi was being produced as well.

"HUH!" Quinn shouted, as he lifted his leg off the ground so fast and shot out the blood crescent t.h.i.g.h kick infused with both stages of Qi. Unlike with the kick against Sach, this time the kick had the intention to kill.

Quinn had the intention to use as much power as he could gather while also using the blood crescent kick with it.

A loud bang was heard as if a gun had been shot out, and a giant line of red aura had left Quinn’s leg. It moved so fast through the air with so much energy it looked like a red lightning strike.

[A significant amount of blood energy has been used]

[Minus -20 HP]

The blood crescent kick usually took 2 points of Hp compared to the blood swipes singular one, but without realising it, while having more control of his blood, Quinn was also able to pack more of his blood power into the attack.

Some of the Dalki attempted to dodge the attack while others knew it was hopeless and took on the strike head on, but for those that did, it was a big mistake. Their bodies were torn in half immediately, limbs separated from their bodies and some were heavily injured but still moving forwards.

[6/50 Dalki have been defeated]

Quinn’s attack had only killed five of them, he could tell using his inspect skill so he could only assume that the other one had been killed inside of the shelter.

"That kick, what was that and that loud bang!" Swin said shocked.

"I don’t think some of the Dalki are moving." A teacher spoke and they were right.

"You’re telling me with a single kick, he managed to kill the Dalki just like that!" Innu grunted, as he also gulped, thanking his lucky stars he never tried to go further against this person.

"Wait, didn’t you see that red aura attack, I think I’ve seen it somewhere before." Another said.

"Yeah, it looks like the same type of thing the Bloodevolver from power fighters produces." Erlen spoke, leaving his mouth wide open.

"The Bloodevolver, now that you mention it, those attacks do look the same."

Before the Dalki had reached Quinn, his leg was temporarily out of commission and he was using the blood bank to heal it. The rebound from a strong attack had affected his leg slightly, and it was something Quinn hadn’t expected since it was his first time using it. So instead, he was throwing out blood swipes as much as he could towards them, hurting them as much as possible.

"Yeah, it’s exactly the same, so Quinn is the Bloodevolver from power fighters!"

Not everyone knew what the students were talking about, since the Bloodevolver’s fame was short lived, still, it brought confusion to those that did know him. How did Quinn, the leader of the Cursed faction, have two abilities?

However, they soon didn’t care and were just happy that he was on their side.

The clash between the Dalki and Quinn had started, as he lifted his leg kicking one right in the c.h.e.s.t pinning him to the ground, another threw out a fist towards him that was blocked by the shadow, and Quinn blasted him away with a blood spray filled Qi fist.

The students were seeing a single person knocking Dalki away one after another. Once in a while though a hit would go through hitting Quinn, but he wouldn’t let it affect him and continued on. However, then they could see he was starting to get overwhelmed.

No longer could they see Quinn, but just a bunch of the Dalki around him.

[Blood hammer strike]

Two Dalki were chucked in the air, even if they couldn’t see Quinn anymore they could see what he was doing and he was hanging on. Mainly thanks to the shadow and the new Muay Baron skills he had learnt. He had locked a Dalki down by the neck and shifted his body, causing the Dalki to hit their own, before kneeing it in the head away, and finishing it with a blood crescent kick.

However, even with Quinn doing so much damage to them, he had only done that, ’damage’ Making them stronger and only a couple more had been killed.

[8/50 Dalki have been defeated]

Quinn then saw one of the Dalki, moving away towards the group of students and teachers, throwing his shadow path on the floor. He slowed down its movements and wanted to stop the Dalki, but another jumped in front of him before he could.

The teachers, and students were prepared, although at first they were impressed by what Quinn the Cursed faction leader had done, and they knew how strong he was, the Dalki would be coming towards them.

Going past Quinn, they started to head towards the teachers and students.

"Everyone, prepare yourselves, they will soon be upon us!" Innu shouted.

"No! If I let them pass me like this, the students they’ll be killed. These Dalki are too strong, I can’t defeat them slowly like this, I can’t let them get past me!" Quinn screamed, and soon his arms started to go bloody.

Five of the Dalki had run past the ones that were huddled on Quinn. A smile appeared upin one’s face as he continued to run towards the frightened humans. Then, he felt something hit the back of his legs causing him to fall over, several more cuts were made on his hands. The others felt something wrap around them as they were pulled back, and Quinn finished it off with a hammer strike right at the top of its head.

Leaping up in the air, standing in front of the Dalki, Quinn was now in front of them once again.

"I will not let you get past that easy." Quinn said.

"What is that?" Shiro and the others said, looking at Quinn.

Standing there , Quinn’s arms were bloody as strange blades were sticking out along his forearms and long razor-like chains were dangling on the floor, dripping with blood.

Quinn had activated his Item type soul weapon, the Twin Tail chain.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga