Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1032 - Rude or a pass?

The announcement had spread, that war had finally been declared. It was something everyone knew was just over the horizon, it felt so close yet at the same time so far away. Constantly mentions of tensions brewing between the two sides, of small scuffles with the Dalki here and there.

Everyone had been on edge for so long waiting to hear this news, which was why it was such a big deal for everyone, to finally hear these words.

Now that war had been declared, the day after everything would move into motion. The shelters on every one of the planets that was owned by the humans would be on high alert. Drills after drills of what the military and factions were to do if an attack would happen, would now be practised on the daily, rather than once in a while.

And of course, all of them had to be prepared to attack and be on the attack whenever possible. Today was the last day of peace for everyone as they knew it. After dropping quite the bombshell on the whole world, OScar went on to explain what the military had been doing in the meantime and how they planned to win this war this time.

They had attempted to contact the Dalki like they would with any other attack but there was no response at all. In the meantime, they would be on the defensive while looking for opportunities to attack where and when they could.

What Oscar didn’t mention was the main reason why they were on the defensive. This was due to the most recent attack. Where they had found many two spiked Dalki in their forces. Based on this, it was assumed the Dalki hadn’t attacked with the full strength of their force during the first war, but Oscar wanted to encourage everyone and would keep these worries to a select few people.

Once the announcement was all done, Quinn was descending from the staircase, it would soon be time for the cameras to be turned off, but before that. Bonny and Void would be able to broadcast peoples reactions to the news that they had just heard, and her aim was to grab the person who was currently everyone’s centre of attention.

"Quinn, would you mind me asking a few questions?!" Bonny said, bombarding him at the bottom of the staircase. "The medal around your c.h.e.s.t, is the same medals that were given to the people deemed the Heroes of the first war. It’s quite the accomplishment to be receiving that right out the bat at the start of the second war.

"Could you please explain to us how you feel about receiving such a thing and how you managed to kill so many of the opposing Dalki." Bonny asked.

Quinn didn’t reply straight away, but he had stopped. It was at this point that Bonny was able to see how much he had changed since the last time they had met. For some reason, every time she met him he looked more handsome.

Last time, something had urged her forward to kiss him out of the blue, but this time her heart was beating quite loudly on its own.

After hearing no reply for so long, Bonny decided to order Void to place the camera down, and she approached him gently.

"Quinn are you okay, sorry if I asked something that brought up bad memories. I was just trying to do my job." She said.

Still not answering now, Bonny was feeling a little bad.

"Let’s just forget about the question, okay. I hope we can meet at the after party?"

At that moment, Bonny could see another female approach Quinn and gave him quite the slap on the back.

"Answer the cute girl," Helen said. "Don’t worry, this one isn’t used to all this stuff, you have to remember it’s a lot to deal with someone who is his age."

Bonny had almost forgotten due to Quinn’s appearance of a young middle-aged man, he actually was a young a.d.u.l.t who had just turned eighteen. Of course, this was a lot for anyone to take in.

"About your question." Quinn finally answered. "How do I feel about it all?" Quinn lifted up the medal around his neck, and pulled on it, breaking the strap. It was gold in colour, a rarer material than ever nowadays. Grasping it in his hand, he started to squeeze on it until the edge began to bend inwards, and finally he crushed the entire medal in his hands.

Some of those that were around seeing him do this, were quite shocked. It was a reward of honour. It was something that everyone in the military greatly respected.

"How many of these do I have to get? How many of these do I have to get to bring all those that died back to life?" Quinn asked, but of course Bonny didn’t have an answer.

As things were getting interesting again, Void turned on the camera and zoomed into the crushed medal in his hand, and then back to Quinn’s face which was one not quite of anger, but not quite sadness either.

"The only thing I wished I could have done, was saved more lives." Quinn said, leaving the room, and Helen followed after him.

Walking through the crowds of people, they started to make their way to the exit, and soon those in the Cursed faction joined Quinn as well to walk out of the place.

"Hey wait, aren’t you going to join the after party?" Bonny shouted.

Sam who was at the very back turned to everyone. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"I am very sorry, but the Cursed faction have to make preparations for the announcement that has just been made. I’m afraid we won’t be joining the after party."

Soon after, Eno had joined the back of the group as well.

Those in the room were unable to hear what Quinn had said, and thought the Cursed faction were now quite arrogant. Having thrown their reward given to him like so. Treating it like it was nothing.

However, those that had watched the program and had fought side by side who had lost those close to them understood what Quinn was going through right now. No amount of rewards would change how he was feeling at that moment.

With war happening, Quinn wanted to continue on and improve so the same thing wouldn’t happen again.

——

What Sam said was true as well, he needed to organise the Cursed faction well. Including the three platoons that would be given to him by Oscar to command. They had quite the large force and that many people in Sam’s hands, the pressure was already getting to him a bit.

While flying through space and heading back to the Cursed ship, everyone noticed that Quinn’s mood was still quite sombre, and what was worse, Eno wasn’t talking to anyone or saying anything to Quinn either.

It was like they had made a pact to not talk to each other.

"So is Eno really his grandpa, or was that just some kind of act?’ Helen asked Sam who was at the front of the ship looking out into space.

"I believe, it’s quite complicated. I don’t even think they know what their relationship is quite like" Sam replied.

It was a long and tiring trip, and while the others were sleeping. Sam decided to watch the recorded event back to see how they were portrayed. Bonny had asked many large figures what they thought of the Cursed faction, and some of them gave quite political answers.

It seemed like what they had done so far was sit on the fence. Neither saying negative nor positive things about them. Whereas before they were outright against the Cursed faction. Still, there were those that still seemed to hate them. People didn’t like change, and the Cursed faction was doing a lot of that.

What was most important to Sam though, was how Eno and Quinn had come across when the two of them were arguing, and when Quinn had crunched up the medal. Judging by the comments from the video he was watching, it was mixed.

Some agreed with what Quinn had said, while others just thought he was being ungrateful.

’I’m glad that the microphone was able to pick up what he said, otherwise that would have been another PR disaster.’ Sam thought.

Eventually, setting it to autopilot and swapping out with Helen, they were able to get some sleep, and after a short while they had arrived.

The first one to stand by the exit of the ship was Eno, and no one wanted to step in front of him either. It just felt awkward and even more awkward he was already treating like he owned the whole place.

Once the railing had gone down to the floor, Eno took a step on the Cursed ship for the first time.

"Alright, let’s go and fix this Sil boy you were talking about earlier. You kept your side of the deal, so I will do mine as well."

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga