Chapter 1041 - The Blade's power

Running through the large Cursed ship after just leaving the medical bay, everyone’s head was turning at a panicked individual. It was Wevil. He had sweat running down his face not because he was tired, but due to him being concerned. He went through people one by one dodging them as if they were attacking him like his favourite game of block block.

While doing so, he was holding something particular in his arms, tight like a baby, it was several blood packs.

’They told me to head to Quinn’s training room as quickly as possible with this. Did something happen? Who needs blood, or is it something else?!’ Wevil thought.

All the Cursed leaders by now knew the combination to Quinn’s personal training room. From time to time they would even use it to practice, things they didn’t want other members to see, but Wevil knew who was in it at the moment, so he made sure to run as fast as he could.

Eventually, when he reached the room, he proceeded to enter the combination, dropping one of the blood packs on the floor. The doors started to open as he went to bend down to pick up the blood packs. When he lifted his head, he almost immediately dropped the blood packs again.

"Quinn!" Wevil shouted, rushing forward.

The room was a complete mess. It looked like a slaughterhouse. Where hundreds of dead bodies would have been torn apart with their blood squirted all around the room. However, what Wevil was concerned about was the person, who looked near passed out on the floor, with the most blood surrounding him.

"Oh, you got here incredibly fast. good job." Eno said. "It means we can get back to training as soon as possible. With this guy’s fast legs there’s no need to panic."

Kneeling down, Wevil could see the wounds on Quinn’s body, and couldn’t imagine how much blood must have been used, but Quinn wasn’t the only one that was hurt as well. Even though Eno appeared to be fine standing, he too had wounds on his body that hadn’t exactly healed yet, with blood all around him as well.

After feeding Quinn the blood, his wounds started to heal, and his eyes were looking more alive.

"Pass me one of these blood bags, Boy." Eno demanded.

"Why should I, what did you do to our leader!" Wevil shouted back.

"Just give him one." Quinn said. Now standing up, taking a blood bag from Wevil and throwing it to where Eno was.

"Don’t worry, most of this was done by me not him, I’m just trying to learn my limits. Wevil, see if Logan can create a special icebox like the ones the vampires use. Then you won’t have to keep running backwards and forwards." Quinn said.

Hearing this, Wevil was a little more relieved but still couldn’t imagine what type of training the two of them were doing to just warrant this huge amount of blood, but if Quinn said he was fine, and Eno wasn’t attacking him while he was in the state he was in. He guessed that it was safe for now.

Once leaving the room, Wevil wondered if he should report this to Sam, thinking he would know best about what to do, but Sam was a little busy these days.

’Quinn, you don’t have to keep pushing yourself so far! Is it because you think we can’t help you enough?’ Wevil thought.

While Quinn’s and Eno’s wounds were healing from their fight, Quinn had a few questions on his mind.

"You want to ask me something don’t you?" Eno said. "I wondered why you didn’t ask me more things back then, but it seems you know that perhaps it will just be a distraction for yourself, but if it is really playing on your mind then that too can be a distraction, so ask away if you really want."

Quinn was thinking about many questions he wanted to ask Eno, but he thought he would do so when the time came to it. For now he had asked everything that was needed to be asked for the time being while they were still in the middle of the war with the Dalki.

"I know your goal, or so you say. You want vampires and humans to both live, correct? I’ve met some people like you, Arthur was one of them who cared for humans a lot, you could even say for me it was the same, but there is a difference between me and Arthur and you. The two of us were humans, had human lives before we were turned, but what about you?

"What are the original vampires, were you always vampires, and why do you want to protect the humans so much, what’s your reason?" Quinn asked.

Eno didn’t reply immediately, and when looking at Quinn it didn’t feel like he was looking at him at all rather through him.

"If I told you about the vampire’s origin, it wouldn’t change much Quinn. In fact, it wouldn’t change anything. The important thing is how people deal with vampires now, how they view themselves.

"I bet even you saw it as a curse when you first got it, but have your views changed? As for the second question, is it wrong to care for humans? Must there be a reason for wanting to protect someone or something when you see them getting hurt?" Eno replied.

This answer wasn’t the truth, and Quinn knew it. There were times when Eno spoke about humans, and whenever he did there was so much passion in his words and actions. He was going far and beyond to protect the humans. Quinn almost believed if Eno was to choose out of the humans or the vampires, he would choose humanity.

’It’s a shame we did not hear an answer.’ Vincent said. ’Even I would have liked to know how the first vampires came to be. I have had a few theories myself. Especially since we also know that Arthur had been turned as well, and it wasn’t the regular way either making him have the same body as an original. We must be careful not to push him away though, his secrets seem....painful.’ Vincent said, reminding him about his own past as well.

———

While the others were training, Logan was busy working on duplicating the demon tier finding device. He was also hoping he could create something that would be able to gauge the beast crystals of other tiers as well.

The problem he was facing was the group didn’t have any Demi-god tier crystals. Without a certain number of Demi-god tier crystals it would be impossible for one to create a device to find them based on their energy. The only reason a demon tier device was able to be created was due to how much larger of an energy force they produced compared to other beasts.

So for now, he would just be creating more devices so their group could search for demon tiers a lot easier. At least they knew where there would be demon tiers, there would also be high level beasts on those planets as well.

All of this was being done, because of Sil, but more so so that they could farm for better equipment for the rest of the faction as well. However, the beast expeditions have been roped in a bit, due to the war.

"Tell me, why did you choose to make that arm of yours?" A voice said.

Logan continued to work on the item, but wasn’t ignoring the person.

"I needed a replacement for my arm anyway, and I’m not good enough." Logan said.

"Not good enough? I think you’re mistaken. You are far stronger than you know. I wanted to ask, I remember at one point and time you trained with the Blade twins on the island. You fought, and learnt a lot there, you were a talented individual and you even unlocked your soul weapon.

"You say you’re weak, but since then have you even fought using your full strength? Or are you scared of something?" Brock asked.

For a brief second Logan stopped working on his items as Brock got up to leave the room.

"When you’re done with that, if you really think you’re still weak, then me and you should train sometime. Remember how long I stayed on the Blade island for? If you want I can make you as strong as them.

"I’ll make sure Logan, that you never think you are weak again."

****** RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga