Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1042 - Cleaning job

It had been a while since anyone had seen Quinn. The leaders of the Cursed faction knew what Quinn was doing, but they at least expected to see him around the ship from time to time. Still, they hadn’t seen him at all, and it had been several days now.

Some were getting worried but there was one person that assured them that everything was okay, which was Wevil. Like asked, Wevil had informed Logan of Quinn’s request and it didn’t take him long to create something that could do the job.

There was just one slight problem. Heading to outside the training room, Wevil couldn’t even remember when he had last seen the door open.

’Have they really been in their training this whole time, are they sleeping in there as well?’ Wevil thought, as he pressed the round button on the special machine that looked like a giant box and the door opened. The cold air would form a mist as it opened and when looking inside it was just as Wevil thought.

"It’s going to need filling again." Wevil said, as the blood packs inside were down to the last few. "At this rate, I might have to ask Sam to see if more people need to donate blood."

The rate that blood packs were being used was unimaginable, and only Wevil knew the true number, as he was the person who would constantly have to go back and forth.

——

Inside the room itself the room was even redder than before. Marks of dry blood all over. It looked like a war had taken place in the room constantly with no one to clean it up, and both of them could only smell one thing, blood.

This time, both Quinn and Eno seemed to be huffing and panting, neither of them badly injured.

"The skill has finally levelled up." Quinn spoke, taking a breath in between.

"Good, because I was getting tired myself." Eno replied.

’I can’t believe it, this boy has been able to progress so quickly. Is he talented, or is the system beyond my expectations?’ Eno wondered.

"We can now stop focusing on trying to level up the blood abilities now you have learnt a few new skills." Eno explained. "However, what is important in the next step, is learning how to use your blood control with said skills. As you know the king of the vampires will receive the absolute blood control book. Once a vampire learns of this, they can do whatever they wish with blood as long as their imagination allows it."

This was true from what Quinn had seen and what had been explained to him. Cindy had used a whip made out of blood, he had never seen any of the leaders do this before. From the way it was explained, each user of the blood book created their own techniques using absolute blood control, so the next king could learn them.

"For now though, it is best we get some rest. Even if you don’t feel tired, pushing a vampire’s body this much will cause one to age quicker. This is why even when a king has the absolute blood control, they are reluctant to use it unless necessary. I am not worried for myself, but I am for you Quinn." Eno said, for the first time showing some concern, but it was hard to tell if it was genuine or not.

Quinn decided to take a break, he didn’t know how long the two of them had been in the room for, and although Sam didn’t contact him on any new information, it didn’t mean nothing had happened, just nothing urgent enough for him to warrant being called.

Now that the two of them were to take a short break, Quinn was able to look at the room they were in.

’I can’t make someone else clean up this mess, that’s just not right, and it’s mostly my blood.’ Quinn thought.

—

Leaving the room, Quinn had gone to a cleaning supply closet, the first thing he wanted to do was get some cleaning done, and with his speed he should be able to get it all sorted out pretty quickly. He could have asked a water user to clear it quickly but he couldn’t subject them to that, and then they would be asking questions later on.

’They’re going to start thinking I’m a mass serial killer if they see that room.’ F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

With a red bucket in his hand, and a few sponges, Quinn thought maybe even if he was quick he would need something more than that. As he turned around in the hall that led to all the training rooms, he managed to spot Logan walking behind him.

"Logan what happened to you, is someone bullying on the ship, who would do such a thing!" Quinn said, as he started to rage in anger. Logan was covered from head to toe in bruises and cuts.

"Quinn don’t worry, I did this to myself. It was through my own choices, no one is bullying me." Logan said as he continued to walk.

Who could even bully Logan in the Cursed faction?

When saying those words, Logan’s heart didn’t flutter so it must have been true. Unlike the others, Logan wasn’t a vampire so when he trained to fight, the marks, cuts and bruises would show, unless he went to a healer.

He was just unlucky to catch Quinn at a certain point and time.

’If he doesn’t want me to know about it, maybe I should respect his wishes.’ Quinn thought. "Just..be careful." Quinn shouted.

——

After cleaning up his bloody mess, Quinn finally decided to meet Sam who looked a lot calmer than the last time he had seen him. This was because he was finally getting the swing of things, and was understanding who the key and reliable people were that he needed to talk to. People he could trust to pass on his messages and see his vision, giving him a lot more free time to now focus on other things.

"You look to be in a really good mood." Quinn said, as he exited from the transportation bridge.

"Quinn, you’re finally out but you smell a bit like chemicals." Sam mentioned with his now s.e.n.s.i.t.i.v.e nose. "Anyway, you came at the perfect time. Thanks to Logan creating more of the Demon tier hunting devices, we should be able to cover more ground and have your request come in.

"The problem is though, there have been a lot of reports coming in from Oscar and the Graylash family, even a few from Helen, of Dalki sh.i.p.s in the nearby area. The Dalki seem to also be hovering around all the orange portal planets the human’s own at the moment, so it’s going to be risky even if we do find one." Alex explained.

After all, Hislton was a man with a full set of demon tier armour, and had one of the strongest abilities in the world. He would at least need a single item at the demon tier level to compete with that.

While discussing things between each other, and Quinn getting briefed on the news of other things, like certain students coming on board directly to the Cursed ship. The door opened from the bridge again, and the person who had entered was Sil.

What was surprising was the fact that Sil had entered on his own, when usually he would be the one to follow Borden around the place.

"Quinn," Sil called out. "When are we going to go to the blade island? When are we going to get back Raten and Vorden?!" It sounded like he was almost complaining.

"Soon," Quinn answered, as he was in the middle of talking to Sam and wanted to finish what they were talking about.

"Soon, do you even want them to come back?! You’ve been stuck in that room for so long and I’ve been waiting for you, and now all you’re doing is talking. When you found out Vorden was on the blade island before, you dived in with just the three of you. Why can’t you just take the whole Cursed faction to Blade island this time if you’re so scared!" Sil shouted in anger.

These words had caught Quinn’s attention.

"Don’t care! Are you crazy Sil! " Quinn shouted. It was the first time he had done so like that, and was also the first time he had called ’Sil’ Crazy.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga