Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1047 - Tired eyes

Everyone watched as they saw Peter lift up Ko’s body in the air from his mouth. The grip around his jaw was just hard enough to not allow him to move it, or say anything else. While at the same he wasn’t using his full strength. Otherwise, his jaw would have been crushed by now.

The other four men that had come with him were also members of the Orbus faction, and seeing one of their trusted allies being hurt by what they only saw as a stranger, they immediately started to pull out their beast weapons and activated their abilities.

"Put your weapons down. It’s an order!" Robin shouted, having enough.

At the same time, Quinn quickly had gone over to Peter and had his hand on his shoulder. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"I think it might be best if you let him go as well."

It wasn’t a telling off, as Quinn knew why Peter had done what he did and the others weren’t going to stop Peter either.

Peter looked at the man for a second, before releasing him, allowing him to fall on the floor, but as soon as he was let free. Ko attempted to grab something from his side, but before he could, Quinn held onto his hand.

"Are you sure you want to do that?" Quinn said. "Your life was just spared and think about what would happen if you were to act out again."

When the tension and pressure from Ko went away, Quinn let go as well moving back to the others along with Peter.

"Ko, that was completely out of order. If you were to act like this with Owen here, I would have hit you myself." Robin said.

Hearing this, Ko immediately bowed down.

"I apologise to the Cursed faction leader. What I said was out of order." Ko said, but the apology didn’t exactly seem urgent or sincere. It was more like he was forced to do it.

Peter was tempted to go in again, but this time, Linda grabbed him as she kept an eye on him.

Stretching his Jaw, Ko felt a bit of pain and that wasn’t the only area either, it was the same with his forearm as well.

’I’m an A class Traveller and have been protecting this place for years and this is how we get treated! The Graylash family are treating an outside faction better than their own.’ Ko thought. ’And that guy, I didn’t even see him move and he grabbed my Jaw, I thought the Cursed faction only had a few strong ones?’

Trying to forget about what happened, Ko was asked by Robin to lead the way, and give the group a tour around the Shelter. At the same time, they would ask details about the Demon tier beast or any information they had on it.

As soon as they entered the Shelter though, the others with their great hearing couldn’t help but listen in on what the others were saying about them.

"That’s him, the Cursed faction leader!? He’s also one of the world leaders."

"Don’t you think he looks a bit young? How can someone like that have the power to control one third of the human forces?"

"He is young, didn’t you know, even if he looks young his actual age is a lot younger, he would have only just graduated from the military school, a genius in the rising."

"A genius huh, so much so that they have decided to send him here rather than deal with the Dalki?"

"Stop being stupid, are you really a Traveller? You should know how difficult a Demon tier beast is, would you rather fight a Dalki or a Demon tier? The weapon created will also help support us for the rest of the war."

What Quinn was pleased with, was that at least some people seemed to know the importance and dangers of the task. However, if they knew what they had planned to do with the Demon tier crystal, then maybe more would be upset about it.

’Even with an a.d.u.l.t face they are all calling you baby face.’ Vincent commented. ’You know with your Qi control, and control of your body maybe you could make yourself look older, or you could always use the earth mask from Peter to change your appearance.’

’It’s okay, I think it’s important that people know it’s really me here.’ Quinn replied. ’Could you imagine what they would have done if they thought I was someone else, there would have been a fight back there.’

"This place is cool," Fex said. "It reminds me of the familiar world with all the colourful plants."

"It certainly is different." Wevil replied. "Have you noticed the buildings though, and the outside walls."

"Yes, and even the people, although they were interested in us at first they seem to be concerned about something else. A little on edge." Linda said. "Is it the demon tier beast?"

"I also recognised that some of them have bags under their eyes, like the faction leader, Ko. Are they all having trouble sleeping?" Layla whispered.

Quinn had noticed it as well, although from the outside the place was well guarded and there were plenty of strong Travelers and faction members of Orbus. The people were wearing their beast gear even inside the Shelter. This wasn’t too unusual if it was a few but nearly every single person, even those that looked like civilians. Some of the buildings appeared damaged, as if they had just suffered an attack not too long ago.

After walking through the large Shelter and being shown the main places, they finally went towards the centre where the large tree with pink leaves could be seen. It was taller than the shelter walls and was as thick as a truck.

From the tree, a pathway where the long grass was cut led up to the faction hall.

Heading inside the Faction building, the reaction was pretty much the same from all those outside, but they quickly headed to a room where they sat around a round table and could get straight to business. Quickly moving towards Quinn, Layla decided to sit next to him, even though she hadn’t said much on this trip, and Eno decided to sit on the other side.

They had asked if Hayley had arrived yet, since she was meant to meet the group, but it appeared she still hadn’t done so.

"So there are a few things that will need to be discussed today," Robin stated. "First, we will let you know everything we know about this planet and about the Demon tier beast. After that, we need to discuss how we decide fairly who will get what rewards. After all, three groups in particular will be part of this hunt, and everyone deserves their fair share. The Orbus faction, the Graylash family, and the Cursed faction. Yes, the Orbus faction are part of the Graylash group so we will need to take that into consideration as well.

"Now, thanks to the device the Cursed faction has given us we were able to discover the energy of a Demon tier beast present on this planet. Unfortunately, somehow the Demon tier beast appears to appear in certain spots and then disappear.

"These spots follow no pattern, so it will be quite hard trying to find it. At the same time, according to Orbus, this Shelter has been facing its on problems, and I’ll leave it with Ko to discuss the rest."

Ko stood up and looked at the others before replying.

"First, before we do anything, there is a serious problem plaguing this Shelter. I’m sure some of you have noticed the destroyed buildings and such. That’s because this Shelter seems to be targeted.

"The beasts have been coming here often in waves, and all of the Travellers have had to defend it. Now, this has happened since the existence of the Shelter. It became popular with Travellers since they could hunt without having to move far away, but recently higher and higher tiers have been coming along with larger forces. Recently we even had an attack from a legendary tier." Ko Explained.

"How frequent are these attacks?" Linda asked.

"The time frame has been getting shorter and shorter, but at the moment, it seems to be every week or so. We have a theory that it is possibly the Demon tier beasts doing. Perhaps it’s moving into other beasts territory and sending them here. Another important factor that we are unsure is related or not, is that every time we are attacked, people from the Shelter appear to go missing." Ko replied.

"Missing?" Wevil said. "You don’t mean killed, but you just have no trace of where they have gone?"

"Maybe they were eaten," Peter said, saying it like it was no big deal.

"Maybe you ate them, am I right! "Fex joked, raising his hand expecting someone to high five him, but then when he was the only one laughing, he realised that for one, no one else from the other groups would know what he meant by this, and perhaps his joke was a bit too far.

"You guys need to take this matter more seriously," Ko said, shaking his head. "Because of this, we can only send a small team out to look for the Demon tier beasts, and with more beasts and more dangerous beasts coming, we might need more help from you guys here.

"Can I ask, when is the rest of the Cursed faction coming?"

The others looked at each other, and even Robin was pulling an awkward face.

"Actually, this is everyone that will be taking part in the hunt from the Cursed faction," Quinn replied.

"What, you only brought seven of you! How are you meant to take on a Demon tier beast with just the seven of you?!"

"I assure you that the people I have brought aren’t ordinary people," Quinn said.

"We can come up with a way to track the Demon tier beast," Eno spoke. "We can do all the hard work, and you guys can stay here and look after the Shelter. We came here to hunt for the Demon tier beast, not to protect the Shetler. Who knows, maybe the Demon tier beast will make its way here." Eno smiled.

After he finished speaking, a vibration was felt in the rooms, and a loud explosion was heard outside. Soon the sound of multiple explosions could be heard.

Storming into the room was one of the faction members covered in sweat.

"Sir Ko, we need your help urgently. Outside we are being attacked again! The beasts are raiding us right now! And sir, they have a Demi-god tier beast with them!"

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga