Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1048 - The best place to be

The meeting was halted at that moment, as the Orbus members quickly ran out without thinking much about it. While Robin had remained calm, talking to his men to report on the full situation just so they knew exactly what they were going up against.

"Sir, it seems like our members are having trouble dealing with the Demi-god tier beast." One of the Graylash said, coming back in after seeing what the situation was like.

While the Cursed members were left in the room on their own, being the last ones to act.

"Quinn, are we going to help them?" Layla asked.

"Of course we are. Find whatever beasts you can deal with and try to save as many lives as possible. There are a lot of fighters in this Shelter, so I’m sure they can handle themselves. We will mainly look after the families." Quinn ordered. "However, the most important order of them all is to not to die. If you die, then many lives will be lost. Remember that"

"Strong words," Eno said.

The others nodded, and those with the shadow power used their shadow equip to put on their high level beast equipment.

Once outside, they could see flying beasts in the air hovering around the Shelter. They would swoop in from time to time, planning their attack circling around. There were so many that a large shadow was cast over the Shelter. Some beasts with powerful legs were able to leap up in the air and attempted to enter the Shelter that way, while others had found ways to bypass the walls.

It wasn’t long since the attack had been announced, and yet already many beasts had entered the place. On the walls of the Shelter, there were around ten Graylash members stationed on all four walls. They were using their lightning abilities well to stop the beasts from outside, and also those from above while ignoring those inside.

The group were hesitant about where to go or what to do, Then suddenly leaping up in the air a giant frog like beast with small arms, and a long neck came towards them, before it could reach them, a single line of red aura had hit the beast and sliced it in half.

The others looked at Quinn, but the attack hadn’t come from him. It was from Eno.

"Are you really just going to stand around? Can’t you hear the cries of the people? You are all lucky that it is just beasts attacking, for if it was the Dalki, everything would have been destroyed in seconds."

Eno was right, and everyone else knew it. Soon the others went to help the people as best they could, and were aiming for the higher tier beast as the Travelers were able to handle the others.

"Wait, Sil you come with me," Quinn said. "I’m sure they’re going to need your help."

Looking over, Quinn could see where Ko, the Orbus faction leader and Robin, the Graylash Head genreal, had gone.

It was towards the North wall, that was where the most energy was being felt. Which most likely meant it was where the Demi-god tier beast was as well. On top of that, there was no one in the Cursed faction at the moment Sil could copy abilities from. If he wanted to help, he needed powers and strong ones at that.

——

The Cursed faction members had decided to split up into two groups. Wevil and Linda had gone off together to reinforce one of the walls where it looked like most of the beasts were coming in from. When they reached the wall they could see why they were facing trouble.

"We have to kill the king tier beast quickly and block the entrance!" An Orbus leader shouted. He was in pain, fighting against a large minotaur. The beast was larger than a Dalki, and muscular beyond belief. A king tier beast that was filled with rage and had massive amounts of brute strength.

The problem was getting close to the thing, without dying from one swipe of its large hands. The two king tier minotaurs were the ones responsible for destroying the gate in the first place. From a distance they had knelt down charging the muscles in their legs, before blasting off banging into the wall not caring about their bodies. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

However, the faction members were able to survive against the minotaurs thanks to their slow movements. Unlike their initial attack it looked like the other movements were quite slow but their hides were tough.

Seeing all the beasts go past them, they couldn’t help but feel pain as they saw the amount of beasts pouring in through the gates.

"I’m sorry!" The commander at the gate shouted, as he was ready to risk his life to take down the beasts, but suddenly. He saw a group of beasts fly through the air getting knocked back meters away.

"What happened?" When turning around, he could see a large woman in beautiful crimson red beast gear holding a club in her hand. Linda had transformed and was using her great strength to not allow any more beasts through the gates. With every swing she would be able to kill a group of them, and even the force caused the beasts to hesitate moving in any further.

"Who is that? I don’t remember anyone from the Orbus faction having that ability or that strength. I will have to thank them later, for now I need to fight what is in front of me!" The man said turning around, but then could see a slight small haired green man touching his body.

"I just need a little boost." Wevil said, as the man felt the energy leaving his body through the touch of the person, another one he didn’t regaonise.

Wevil, absorbing a little bit of blood through touch, knew he would need a boost. It was only later he found that unlike vampires that just used blood for feeding. Wevil could also use it to power his transformed state.

Running forward he avoided the beast’s swings with his great speed, and jumped onto the minotaurs arm running up it. Pulling out his daggers, the head and his body started to transform into the tiger beetle form. When he leapt up in the air, his body had finished its transformation. Midway up the air, they were wondering what would happen, but one of Wevil’s legs kicked at a speed impossible for the human eye to see, and a bang was heard.

Somehow, the force of the air itself was hit, speeding Wevil up and holding his two daggers he had gone right through the minotaur’s head through to the other side, killing it.

’Good thing that beast was distracted.’ Wevil thought.

-------

Inside the Shelter itself, Layla, Peter and Fex, were together. Peter was able to deal with most beasts using his fists. Ripping them with his b.a.r.e hands. There weren’t many strong beasts inside the Shelter and he thought it was quicker to deal with them with his hands rather than use his weapons. It looked like it was working. As for Fex, he was by his side pulling the beasts in the Sky down, and doing more of a rescue job when he could. Some of the people were trapped under buildings, and needed help.

At the same time, using her arrows, Layla would focus on the flying beast heading there way. With Peter’s strength and speed, there was no need for her to transform into her other forms.

’I can still help, I can still save people lives!’ Layla thought as she fired off an arrow, and using her ability she changed its direction so it could go through a gorilla looking beast’s eyes, stopping them before they were to slam down on a traveller which had fallen.

———

Back at the north gate, Eno, Sil, and Quinn had arrived. Grabbing Sil, Quinn quickly jumped up the wall and now they could see everything. Ko, and Robin were still on the wall planning what to do as they watched the Demi-god tiers movements. They hadn’t gone into battle just yet.

The second Quinn saw the beast, he could tell it was at the Demi-god tier level, having met one once before. It had two giant wings that were covered in a soft white fur, and both of them looked to be glowing in a strange light. It looked like a giant white furry moth.

"I think we have watched the beast long enough!" Ko shouted. "With the three of us here, we should be able to beat it!"

However, Eno looked towards Quinn.

"Quinn, are you sure this is the right place to be? Sometimes the loudest place is not the one a person should focus on."

n was wondering what Eno was talking about, there was a Demi-god beast in front of them. If not this place then where would he need to be, in the Shelter with the people? Helping the others.

Because of this, Quinn closed his eyes and tried to listen out, to see if there was anything else. Then, form the forest just outside the east gate of the Shelter. He could hear it, feel the loud vibrations coming from that direction.

"Sil, Eno, help them and deal with the Demi-god tier beast here. I am needed somewhere else!" Quinn said, and using the shadow travel he had disappeared.

"Hey, what are you doing!" Ko shouted as he was ready to just jump in. He was confident in his strength but had never fought against a Demi-god tier before. He thought at least with the Cursed faction leader who had supposedly killed many Dalki, and the Graylash head general who he already knew their strength, they could deal with it quickly, but now he had just run off.

"That damn coward!" Co shouted.

Meanwhile, Quinn had already exited out of the Shelter and had equipped on his new Legendary tier gear, covering his whole body in silver with spiralling blue armour. The fur could be seen in certain places, and he looked a bit out of place in the colourful forest, but it didn’t matter.

"Who would have thought that there would be two Demi-god tier beasts attacking this place."

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga