Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1054 - The mark activates

After using the inspect skill, a lot of the information seemed to be still hidden. Still, Quinn had learnt a lot by looking at the marking.

"Do all the people that returned have the same marking?" Quinn asked.

"Yes," Hayley replied. She could tell that maybe he didn’t know what it was initially, but something had struck him now. His whole demeanour had changed, and he had to have an idea of what it was.

Now knowing that the marking belonged to a Demon tier beast, Quinn was a lot more interested in these missing people and where they had exactly gone. The question was, why had they returned, and what exactly did the marking do?

’If I find out where the missing people are going, then it will probably lead us to the Demon tier beast as well. This might be a bit too dangerous to just leave up to Fex to do.’ Quinn thought.

"If I had to guess, it looks like you know a little bit about this marking now?" Hayley asked.

Quinn stayed silent for a while, this alone had already answered her question, but he still didn’t know whether to say anything or not. This information he had was powerful for more reasons than one. If they learnt the marking was from a demon tier beast, perhaps they would execute all of those with the marking or do something else.

It was important that this information wasn’t shared with others.

"I don’t actually know what this marking is, but there is someone I brought with me who might. I was just wondering if they would help me or not." Quinn lied.

"Someone who can help?" Hayley, though surprised. Other than healers, was there really someone who could get rid of this thing. Whoever it was, she wanted them to act quickly. It was breaking her heart seeing this young girl in constant pain, and it was getting harder for her to speak by the second. The older gentlemen as well, his marking had spread to the point where his pupils were becoming larger, and he was about to turn into the same state as the Traveller next to him.

Walking out of the room, Quinn went to fetch the said person.

’What do you think Vincent, do you have any idea?’ Quinn asked, wanting to bounce off someone else for ideas.

’My research was more focused on vampires, so I never learnt much about the beasts, especially the Demon tier ones. Although I have to admit, everything so far has been strange from what I do know. People going missing and now returning. The beasts attacking this Shelter and the forces are getting stronger by the second. If I was to guess, it would all have to be related.’ Vincent replied, and Quinn couldn’t agree more.

When returning to Hayley, he had brought along with him a man who had a long ponytail. She looked at the gentleman for a few seconds but didn’t have a clue who he was.

The gentleman looked at all three with the markings and placed his hands on them before turning to Quinn.

"My question to you would be, do you wish to save one, or do you want to save them all?" Eno asked.

"Save them all, of course!" Hayley shouted, even though the question wasn’t directed at her. If this man had a healing ability or knew how to heal one of them, why couldn’t he heal all of them? She thought it was a stupid question to ask.

"If you want to save them all as well, then there is only one way. The marking is linked to the thing that caused all of this." And that was all Eno had said.

Quinn thought he understood since he was starting to understand how Eno worked a bit more now. Using his abilities, he most likely could get rid of the marking, but he would only be able to get rid of one or two due to the cost of his powers.

It was probably something that Quinn and the others were unable to pay for him to use his ability, which was why he had asked the question. As for the second part, in order to not reveal that it was a Demon tier beast’s doing, Eno was saying that the Demon tier beast needed to be killed to get rid of all the markings.

Walking out of the room, the two of them knew what needed to be done. Quinn was getting ready to head over to Fex to see if he had found anything yet.

"Quinn, wait!" Hayley called out. "So, can you help them?"

"If you keep them alive long enough, then yes, I can help them," Quinn replied as he closed the door.

——

As time went on, Quinn had talked to Fex about what he had found, but he had come up with nothing. More people seemingly were appearing in the Shelter with the marking, and now there were a total of fifty that had returned.

While others were on edge, wondering just why the Orbus and Graylash faction weren’t allowing them to see their loved ones.

The main problem was, no one new in the Shelter was missing. According to Ko, it happened each time a beast attack occurred. So, Fex and Quinn would have to try and keep an eye on everyone during the next attack, which would be a challenging task for anyone.

"Quinn, I have been looking for you," Robin said as he approached the two of them. "I have a suggestion I would like to make for the Demon tier beast. I know that the Shelter is busy with the missing people, but I believe the Demon tier is the main priority."

Quinn would have probably agreed with him. In the end, he could have left, or asked Sam to send more of the Cursed faction members to protect the Shelter if need be while they went to search for the Demon tier beast. Still, now knowing that the marking on the people and the Demon tier were linked, he wanted to find out what was happening to them first.

’But how do I tell Robin without actually telling him.’ Quinn thought.

——

Back in the private room, Hayley was still observing the three people carefully. She watched the markings as they grew, and now the older gentlemen and the Traveller were in the same state.

Their minds seemingly gone, not responding to any questions or words. The only one that was still partly there was the young girl.

"You can still understand me right, you’re fighting against this thing?" Hayley asked, looking her in the eye.

The girl was still covered in sweat, and she couldn’t even open her mouth. She was in so much pain. Now the marking had reached her shoulder blades and was still crawling.

"You’re a brave girl. I can tell you’re fighting against it." Hayley said. Based on the others by now, she knew the young girl should have changed state, but she hadn’t.

She couldn’t imagine the pain she was going through fighting against it when she could have just given in. Giving in was always the easy option. The only thing she could do now, was have constant communication with her, to try to keep her there.

Pulling out her watch, a digital keyboard was being projected in the air.

"I know it’s hard for you to talk, so all you need to do is nod. Tell me, what’s your name?" Hayley asked. She moved her finger through each of the letters, and when the young girl nodded, she would say the letter out loud and go through them again.

Eventually, she found out her name.

"So your name is Wendy, correct? It’s a good name." She said with a smile

Wendy had her eyes squinted so she could hardly see, but she wanted to have a good look at the person who was with her. The talking and communication briefly made her forget about the pain. When she squinted them open, baring through the pain. That’s when she spotted something. Wendy then pushed Hayley to the side, causing her to fall on the floor.

"What the hell happened?" Hayley thought as she looked at what was going on. Right now, Wendy was holding onto the Traveler’s arms up in the air, and it looked like the two of them were struggling in a battle of strength.

’Wait, did she just stop the Traveller from attacking me?’ Hayley thought, and soon she could see that the other older man with the marking was on the move as well. He leapt in the air towards Wendy as if they were a wild animal, but Hayley quickly got in between the two of them.

"I’m not just some pushover doctor!" Hayley said as she avoided the two hands, and grabbed them, twisting them behind the man’s head before kicking him in the back and on the ground.

She turned around and could see Wendy was still struggling. Quickly, Hayley acted again by kicking the Traveler in the stomach, but it seemingly did nothing. So she kicked him at the back of the knee, causing him to jolt, and Wendy then could hit him again, pounding his head till he was knocked out.

The two of them were huffing and panting.

"Wendy, you saved me...thank you," Hayley said, but could see that Wendy was still struggling to fight off whatever was trying to take her over. That’s when Hayley had a thought, Whatever had happened to these two? Was it currently happening to all the others that had returned as well?

At that moment, the two that had been knocked onto the ground started to rise again.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmangaGeett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om