Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1067 - Best rewards yet

Quinn could still vividly remember the euphoria he had felt the first time he had received a reward from the system. Now it seemed as if that was another lifetime ago and the difficulty of the tasks he was receiving nowadays was also worlds apart from what it had been in the past.

The system worked in strange ways, and in the first place he couldn’t really complain about getting rewarded for things he intended to in the first place.

In his possession, Quinn now had the pink Demon tier crystal, as well as the two moth crystals that were at the Demi-god tier level, yet there was no smile on his face nor any other sign of appreciation or happiness.

’These rewards... they will help me to grow stronger,’ Quinn thought to himself.

The first reward was, as usual, an instant level up. Coincidentally, Quinn had also received enough Exp from killing the Demon tier beast to manage to level up twice.

[Quinn Talen: Level 66]

Three level ups translated into three more stat points for him to use. Quinn no longer thought it necessary to increase his Agility since his new set of armour provided him with enough speed.

Besides, after that value had crossed the 100 mark, he noticed that the difference was getting less and less noticeable. Although 200 was 2x 100 his speed didn’t actually double, nevertheless it made him incredibly fast and he doubted there was a vampire faster than him when using the active skill.

As such, he ultimately decided to put all three points into Stamina. Although his current stats already allowed Quinn to fight for what felt like a week straight, after increasing his Stamina through the legendary gear, he noticed that it also seemed able to affect his vessel inside him.

The vessel he was referring to was what held his Qi. After learning how to properly control Qi, he had never increased Stamina by a lot, so he only recently stumbled upon this knowledge.

However, in hindsight, given that using Qi had always tired him out, he should have come to that realisation earlier.

Quinns blood control remained his highest stat by far, and thanks to the quest and defeating the Demon tier beast mostly using his blood skills the system appeared to have chosen to reward it.

[Your blood control has increased +20]

[Blood control 184]

’I did have to use one of my Shadow skills at the end, Shadow clone. Perhaps it was a good thing that the Demon tier never saw my shadow skills in the first place.’

The skill Quinn used against Robin, Shadow clone, allowed him to create another version of himself out of shadows. Currently his double was unable to persist for long, nor could it really attack anyone.

Still, it was just at level one at the moment, so Quinn hoped that by using it often, it would eventually improve and become more useful.

The last few rewards were things Quinn had not really expected. It wasn’t some title, or a passive skill like he had received with the moth, but something else entirely.

[High-tier Instant Upgrade Crystal]

Quinn had never even heard of such an item before, but then again he was no forger. Perhaps on some planet somewhere, certain beasts carried those type of crystals within them.

[The high tier crystal can be used to upgrade the tier of any weapon or by one rank. The highest tier of equipment this crystal can be used on is legendary tier gear]

Based on the description, if Quinn handed this crystal over to Alex together with a piece of his legendary tier armour, the smith should be able to turn it into a Demi-god tier level of equipment. Alternatively it should allow him to turn an Emperor tier piece into a legendary piece, but that option seemed like a waste in comparison. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

’Hold on a second? Didn’t Alex tell me that he had problems creating gauntlets from certain crystals? What if I had more of these upgrade crystals? Couldn’t I just keep using them on the advanced tier gauntlets I have with the lightning active ability? Then I could just get them up to the legendary or demi-god tier level.’

Still, for some reason, that felt like a bit of a waste as well. This was the first time he had received such a crystal and who knows when the system would decide to bless him with another.

As for the last reward Quinn received he didn’t know what to do with it at all, as there was really no explanation for what it did.

[Demon tier seedling ]

[A seed from a Demon tier beast. This item can be planted. It is uncertain what it will grow into.]

Nevertheless, Quinn was a bit frightened that if he planted the seed then perhaps another Demon tier tree might pop up... but was that such a bad thing?

’I could just clear one of the Cursed planets, and when it grows up, attack it again to farm for a Demon tier crystal. If that’s what it actually does.’ Quinn thought.

Looking at the rewards Quinn couldn’t help but think back to his fight with the Demon tier beast. It was hard to say how difficult it was because he didn’t really fight with the Demon tier itself. The most troublesome part seemed to be its ability to power those it turned and perhaps it could have turned an infinite amount of people.

It was still hard to tell whether Quinn would have had a chance against a Demon tier beast on his own or not. When fighting Robin, although it had the Demon tiers power in him it wasn’t the same.

In a way the Demon tier crab was more difficult to fight, were as the Demon tier tree seemed to be far more dangerous.

Still, Quinn could use this for future reference, that Demon tiers were strange as they had all sorts of abilities.

——

The Shelter was in the middle of being rebuilt, and Quinn had decided that the Cursed faction would stay here for a while. He had even called up Sam to make a couple of requests of him. First was to send over a group of people form the Cursed Faction that could help with the rebuilding of things.

He also asked if there was any progress on a little favour he had asked, and judging from the grin on his face, the answer he received was exactly what he wanted to hear.

’Looks like we’ll be able to use all three Crystals as items then,’ Quinn thought, as his secret plan to help Sil was progressing.

Apart from that, he asked Sam to update the Graylash family on what happened, Quinn wasn’t going to shy away from the truth, and told him to explain why he had to kill Robin with his own hands.

With the Cursed report and the other Graylash members who were present he was sure that Owen would understand, he seemed to be quite the reasonable person, as for the last request....

Standing outside, Quinn could see that a ship was coming towards the planet. Sam had sent over a team immediately to help out with things. As it landed in the ship area, Quinn, Peter and Sil were there to greet them.

"Come on, come on!" An impatient voice as the ship’s door slowly slid open. When it finally opened, a person was seen flying straight towards Quinn, and stopped just seconds away form his face blowing his hair slightly.

"Let me see it, please let me see it! Show me the crystals, that’s why you told me to come here, right?!" Alex pleaded excitedly, with his wings flapping widely, reminiscent of a dog’s tail.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga