Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1075 - A Crossover?

After leaving Leo to head into the coliseum, Erin had left feeling a little disheartened in a way. She had wished to also perhaps participate in the event. She was sure it would have been an experience she could learn from.

She also felt like kicking herself after saying what she had done in front of her teacher and mentor, Leo.

’He’s right, where did I even get that confidence from? It’s okay to be confident in oneself, but I have to know there are plenty of people out there stronger than me, and not just my enemies, either.’

The one who came to mind was Quinn, whenever she had an image of catching up to someone, it wasn’t her teacher, Leo, but Quinn instead. She had seen him improve beyond belief. Although she knew Leo’s strength, it was hard to relate because, in her eyes, Leo had always been strong.

As for Quinn, she had seen him grow in leaps and bounds, and at one point she could defeat him with a single hand.

While walking around, she spotted a digital scrolling advert on top of what looked to be an entertainment establishment. It was hard for her to figure out, but she could hear people laughing inside, and the words written on the very top were tavern.

It was strange seeing a mix of new and old in a city like that, but the digital advert was what had caught her eye as it informed her that she could watch the battle of the beasts inside. Entering the place, the smell of alcohol had hit her nose, and it was more s.e.n.s.i.t.i.v.e than usual.

As alcohol was one of the few things that vampires still could taste, not that she had this problem anyway, but some things seemed to still affect her differently. The place was pretty busy and pretty dark inside. All the tables and chairs were facing towards the back where a large Digital screen was showing the battle of the beasts and that’s when she saw Leo enter the arena with Ovin and his opponent.

His opponent looked like a decent Traveler with good gear at the advanced level, and the beast was one that walked on all fours with a body similar to that of a crocodile, however, its head looked like a giant plant with giant razor-sharp teeth.

Even as it was being brought out, the beast kept hammering it’s jaws shut, smashing its teeth and with each one, a loud clang was heard. It made Erin wonder if they were adding sound effects to the video to make the beast look more menacing or if that was really the case.

As for Leo, he stood there with his beast gear on, hiding some of the more higher-tier parts under a black robe that would swirl around, in particular, his c.h.e.s.t piece. Still, those with a keen eye would be able to notice that the level of his other equipment was at the emperor-tier level at the moment.

However, what caught everyone’s attention, of course, was the black cat that seemed to waddle as it took steps forward in front of him.

"Is that a beast! I’ve never seen one that looks like that!" The viewers started to communicate.

"Didn’t they say that only advanced beasts and up that were tamed could enter? Does that mean its an advanced beast cat."

"The only thing advanced about that cat is it’s belly. I haven’t seen one as fat as that."

"Perhaps, Sir Connel put them in as a joke, he does like doing things like that.:"

"That would seem far too cruel, he would be eaten in minutes by that Cruncher. I’m afraid seeing a cat get crunched up might not be as pleasant as a strong battle."

While in the middle of her thoughts she felt someone approaching her from behind, and she swiftly moved away. Looking back, she could see a hand mid-air moving from below.

"Oh, what a quick lady, I wonder how you were able to move so fast." A man chucked, who stunk of booze.

The temper in Erin was rising, but with the amount of people in the tavern, she didn’t want to cause a scene and cause more trouble. However, if she hadn’t moved, that hand clearly would have been on her bottom.

"Come on don’t be mad, with a bottom like that, it was practically made for squeezing!" The three men chuckled to each other.

Walking up to them, Erin was now underneath the man.

"Very well, you can touch me, but are you prepared for the dangers that you will face?" Erin said, still not looking the man directly in the eye.

Still, he seemed to ignore her words as he went forward again and attempted to latch onto her. But before he could, with the palm of her hand, she had struck his chin. He could feel his brain rattling against his skull, and a dizziness coming over him.

As he was about to fall, she grabbed him by his shirt as he hung there in place, then, turning him around, she kicked his back side so hard, his friends thought they heard his pelvis crack.

The man was then chucked over to the other two of his friends. Everything happened so fast, they were at a loss at what to do.

"Don’t worry, your friend won’t need to use his h.i.p.s. Any spawn he creates doesn’t deserve to be raised by sc.u.m like him." She said, and the fierce look she gave the two of his friends frightened them so much that they made a quick exit out of the tavern running. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Luckily, because of how quickly she had dealt with things, and how noiseless the whole thing was compared to the noise in the room, it didn’t seem like anyone noticed, for they were too busy still joking about the cat.

However, one person at the bar area was heard clapping.

"Bravo!" A female said, who had light blue hair and didn’t seem to be dressed in any beast gear, which was odd. However, she did have a staff in her hand that stood out to Erin. It had what looked like a crystal at the top, but it would be useless as a weapon to just use a normal staff with a crystal attached.

"You dealt with those annoying men beautifully, I thought that perhaps I would have had to come and help you, but you had it all settled. You are a strong one." The girl said.

Erin didn’t know how to act. Most of the time it was males that approached her, as for females, they would stay away due to her attitude, or dislike of her looks, however, other than Layla, this was the first time someone seemed to be talking to her.

"Come here, sit, I assume you are here to watch the event?" The girl said. "It’s always more fun to watch something together don’t you think?"

Looking around, Erin could see that there weren’t any other seats available, and she didn’t want more incidents like the one before to happen. These slime men would usually approach singular girls. Although Erin could deal with them, it was just a problematic thing to deal with. In the end, she decided to sit with the kind stranger, although she felt awkward at how she was staring at her with a smile.

"You are not much of a speaker are you?" The girl said, looking at the screen as it looked like the fight was about to start. "Who do you think will win? The cat duo certainly seems interesting, don’t they?"

It was clear that if Erin didn’t say something, this girl would be asking her questions all day, so, giving out a sigh, she decided to reply.

"The man with the cat will definitely win, the rules state that either the man has to surrender or his beast needs to be defeated. However, even if his beast is unable to fight, then that man will finish the beast and the opponent before they get close." Erin replied, confident in her teacher.

"You have a good eye, I’m surprised you would go for the man with the cat, not many would in this situation. They would think you’re crazy, but I don’t. However, you are wrong about one thing. That man won’t have to do a single thing in this fight, the cat will take care of everything himself. I know, for I have already seen it happen."

Erin was wondering what this girl was talking about, and was now a little worried she was sitting next to a person who wasn’t all there.

"Just like I know me and you would meet." The girl said as she turned to look at Erin.

Now Erin was on edge, but at the same time, not as a soothing energy was coming from this person. ’Who is she?’

"Would you like me to tell you about your future, Erin?"

Getting up from her seat, Erin was ready to get out of the place. She was afraid this was some type of trap. There were only a few people who knew her name. Those from Pure who she had worked with, the vampires, and those from the Cursed ship, but Eirn didn’t recognize this girl at all.

"Who are you?" Erin asked.

"Me, I’m just someone who is able to see things that others can’t, but if you were asking for my name, then it would be Bliss." She said standing up now as well. "Erin, heed my warning, while two sides that didn’t know of each other will come together to defeat an enemy the other one created, the whole world will learn of the other side.

"At that moment, the trust and bond between those two will be broken, and a new chaos will destroy the other. You will become that Chaos." Bliss said.

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga