Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1079 - Taking off

Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

*Bang

A loud sound was heard throughout the whole giant ship, and even at the very end, vibrations could be felt. However, the Dalki on the ship continued their work as usual. It seemed like it was an everyday occurrence for them.

As for where the bang came from, it was none other than the cave-like meeting room. Where One Horn and Graham were in the middle of conversing again. One Horn’s two fists could be seen on the black table, and small cracks had formed in the top of it, but not much damage had been done to the table or the room itself.

"Do you not remember our warning to you One Horn?" Graham said. "If you break this room one more time we will be banning you from meeting with us. I know you struck that way on purpose but you are testing the limits of this ship."

"Do you think I care about something like that!" One Horn shouted, waving his arms about.

Although Graham didn’t really react much to One Horn’s cries or shouts, it was an everyday occurrence at this point.

"You must have gotten the report. I know you said Dred was free to do what he liked, but I bet even you didn’t expect him to go to earth at this crucial point and time, and on his own! If it was you or me, we could have gotten out of there, but Dred will fight until all of his blood has been split!" One Horn shouted. "If we lose him!"

"Are you doubting our commanders?" Graham replied, as he looked into One Horn’s eyes across the table. "You’re right, I didn’t expect this. Did you forget what I said before though, if we didn’t expect this, then neither did they. It will be a long time until they will send anyone of significance to help. He will definitely be able to cause quite the carnage. But this will give us a chance to see just what we are up against. Besides, remember although Green horn and Dred are our two weakest commanders, we will not have to worry." Graham said.

This answer didn’t really please One Horn, but he knew now there was nothing he could do. Sending out a force to help Dred would be useless in their situation. For now, before the Dalki fully acted they had to wait for one of two things to happen, which was why he was so aggravated.

The Dalki were waiting for something to occur in the vampire world, before they made the moves they wanted to on the humans, putting so much trust in people he didn’t even know about was what had worried him.

"Don’t overthink too much, that Vampire is strong." Graham said as if he could tell what One Horn was thinking. "Remember how he was able to beat both Dred and Green Horn. He will succeed, if he wants us to keep up our end of the deal."

The giant dust cloud was lifted so high into the sky that nearly everyone from the entire city could see it. The coliseum was placed in the centre of the entire city after all. Even if they had happened to miss it, they sure would have heard the screams coming from the place as people ran outward, warning everyone.

Erin, seeing this immediately made her way to the coliseum thinking something was up with Leo, and quickly grabbed one of the people that were running away.

"Tell me, what’s going on inside!" Erin demanded.

It was a woman, who was completely shaken, even while Erin was holding her now she was shaking,

"It’s a Dalki, the Dalki have invaded! And it’s a four spiked one!" She shouted back.

Now she understood why everyone was running like it was their last days. A four spiked Dalki in a place of little significance like this, no one probably expected this.

Soon Erin’s grip had weakened, letting the girl go.

"A four spiked Dalki, invading here?!" A shiver ran down her spine, and seeing the shocked look on peoples faces reminded her of a past, a dreaded past when she had lost all of her family.

’Don’t fear it, Erin. You have to turn this fear into a strength. Remember!’ She told herself as she took deep breaths.

"Sister, Sister, you have to run!" A little boy shouted at Erin as she stood there, before her mother picked up the boy and continued running.

She wasn’t sure if she would be much help the way she was at the moment, but she couldn’t just stand here while other people were getting hurt inside. She grabbed the chains on her left arm for a few seconds, and when she did a memory had occurred to her.

——

Back on the cursed ship a while ago, Erin and Leo were in a training room together. The one who had called the meeting was Leo himself. He had caught Erin’s aura acting widely, and he noticed it was every time she would get close to a vampire. Especially when the two of them would have training sessions together.

"When have you been experiencing these urges?" Leo asked.

"Ever since we returned from the vampire world, but I have never acted on them, and I won’t!" She said in a panic.

"Are you sure? You should know we don’t know much about vampires. The urge of the blood was something even I couldn’t completely control when I was in a dire situation. Sometimes, our will isn’t all that is needed. We shouldn’t feel bad about using the tools around us to help us.

"Otherwise, I would have never picked up the sword to help me in the first place."

Erin understood what Leo was saying, and more so, she actually felt the urge growing stronger as days went by. Sure she could control it for now, but could she really keep it in forever. Would the urge continue to grow?

"Shouldn’t Quinn be able to feel things like this? And I thought we weren’t able to attack our own family members in an attempt to do harm. The bond would stop us!" Erin pleaded, hoping to find some answers.

"Erin, I know you are afraid. In an unknown situation like this one, most people would be. Don’t you remember Quinn telling you that you are different? Perhaps the normal rules don’t apply to you, as you are different to all of us."

At this point, it felt like Erin was going to give up at any moment now. She had been through so much, losing her family, then having to hide from the Trudream family joining Pure and even know she was different compared to everyone else.

Why did it always seem to be her?

Placed in front of her, Leo had laid out a set of chains. With her ability she could sense that they were beast weapons, but something was different about them, they also had a diffrent aura attached other than the beast aura, something similar to Qi.

"This item has a passive suppression skill," Leo explained. "It’s only at the advanced tier level so it might not be able to keep you at bay all the time, but I’m sure you have noticed that there is something else in there as well."

"Yes teacher, I can sense a different aura, is this your Qi energy?" She asked.

"It is not." Leo replied, shaking his head. "I have a number of weapons that have been cursed. Some people think I’m crazy when I tell them this story but you should be able to see the truth. When my friends died, they all wanted me to complete a wish for them, to defeat the Dalki at any cost. Their souls went into those weapons, cursing them. Making them more powerful.

"If ordinary people tried to use those weapons, the curse inside will attempt to take them over, however, if you can control your Qi then you are able to repel it, like I do. However I believe that with you, the curse can be used in a different way. Increasing the suppression powers."

Placing the chain around her arm, the passive skill could be felt instantly, and Erin could feel the energy trying to take her over, but she attempted to fight it. Until eventually she had it under control and what Leo had said was true. Her urge had been suppressed. She just wondered for how long.

——

Back at the front of the coliseum the area was clear now, as nearly everyone had run away from the area, and Erin was left there with her hand over the chain’s.

"If it’s a four spiked Dalki, I’m going to have to use everything, otherwise I’ll just get in the way!" She said, unravelling the chains.

At the same time, her normal, usual blonde hair, started to turn to black, and her eyes started to glow yellow.

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga