Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1092 - The secret of the red power

The second fleet of the Graylash family had been reorganised and then merged with one of the Earthborn groups. Although Quinn had managed to come in time to save the main ship of the second fleet which had the most people on board, many of the smaller sh.i.p.s in the fleets hadn’t been so lucky.

By combining Innu’s Earthborn group with the Graylash second fleet, they now were able to establish a precedent that was just as strong as before. Oscar and Owen had agreed that just because of this initial Dalki attack, they couldn’t falter and back down.

Perhaps it was their plan in the first place, who knew what the Dalki were thinking, and maybe they would come back to the same spot once again.

As for Innu himself, there was no need for him to personally be around. At the moment there were no signs of another Dalki attack happening anytime soon. Instead, he had returned to one of the Bertha sh.i.p.s that was under his control, which was currently making its way back to earth.

’Even if we help protect the Graylash planets, once this war is over it will only remain in their hands anyway. Why is our group sacrificing their lives for no return? If the Dalki now attacked the Earthborn planets I doubt the Graylash could send us help, especially with the sorry state Owen is in now.’ Innu sighed while relaxing in his office.

The thing Innu was worried about was highly unlikely to happen due to the way their planets and the Dalki planets were set up. At the moment, there was only one active space station that would take them back to the human solar system and back to earth, and all of the Earthborn beast planets were close to this station.

The Dalki would have to get through the Graylash family first to even get to the Earthborn or earth. Still, there was the mystery of how a certain Dalki had actually managed to land on earth undetected.

Although Innu liked to complain, he was quite the diligent worker. After all that’s how he had gotten to his position, and currently he was looking through all of the footage that had been captured by Void.

The camera that they were looking through didn’t contain footage from the destroyed drones. Innu was unable to see what the person who had started everything looked like, Either way, he did learn that the said person who had let in the Dalki, was already dead.

Going through the footage, Innu got to the point where he could see humans walk alongside the Dalki, and the night camera had only managed to catch their eyes seemingly able to reflect more light back then than usual, yet not the colour.

’So these are the traitors to humanity that are working with the Dalki? Now what could anyone gain from working together with those beasts? If I remember correctly the reports said that many of those on the ship could remember them having red eyes, and that they moved incredibly fast. That reminds me of someone else.’ Innu thought, as his body shivered remembering his first meeting with Quinn.

His eyes had grown red as well, and at the time his body had listened to every command Quinn had given him. He still held a slight grudge due to it, but he had to remind himself that he actually was the one in the wrong at that time, for he had been speaking to a world leader without realising it.

Pressing play on the video, he thought he could forget what happened, but then a few seconds later, the camera was able to record the fighting that was going on, and now Innu’s hand was shaking. He started to play it frame by frame and he thought it was impossible.

’Their attacks... they look exactly the same as Quinn’s fighting when he fought the Dalki!’ Innu was alarmed. Playing the video further along, he eventually reached the point when Quinn had arrived, and also attacked with the same red aura only slightly larger.

With the camera catching everything at a high frame rate, Innu was able to see everything, and now after watching it several times, without a doubt he could tell they were using the same moves.

’Wait, those red eyes, doesn’t that mean that these guys have the same power as him? I thought it was strange, everyone knows he has the shadow ability but he also has the strange red power. Of course Oscar never questioned it, but now a group of people that are betraying the human race are using the same power!’

Innu made sure to make copies of everything on this file, and he immediately began to write a detailed report. He was already on his way to see Oscar, but he thought he should send it beforehand so they could discuss this matter further.

A short while later, Oscar called for a meeting between the Earthborn leaders, Samantha, Innu and Sach.

When they finally arrived there were now three large state of the art Bertha sh.i.p.s directly in front of the space station. Oscar was remaining in the area, cautious after what had happened with Owen, but he planned to return back soon once he had completed what needed to be done. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The head generals had decided to head to the Bertha ship that was controlled by Oscar himself, and they had quickly gone to the command centre to have a meeting.

Here, Oscar shared Innu’s report after he had verified the video himself. Although this came as a surprise to him and Sach, there was one person in the room that didn’t seem surprised at all. That was Samantha.

"Samantha, are you hiding something from the rest of us?" Oscar asked as he could tell something was wrong. "This is an important matter for all of us. A world leader was nearly killed and another world leader appears to have the same abilities as the traitors. Since there are humans working with the Dalki we need to know everything about them!"

Samantha was quiet because she had already figured out that the others had something in common. When the Cursed group had saved her from the last Dalki attack, she had seen their moves and it was indeed identical to the one on the video.

"Before I say anything, I want to stress that I don’t think the Cursed faction is deeply involved with those that attacked the Graylash family! Didn’t Leo, the Blind Swordsman from the Cursed family defeat the four spiked Dalki? If the Cursed faction was an enemy to humanity, he could have just let it rampage about, and why would Quinn take them all out?" Samantha began.

"Fine, your statement has been noted, but I still think we all need to know what the Cursed faction has been doing!" Oscar pressed her. "In your report, you stated that there was another with the same power as Quinn, who could use the strange red energy, and now those working with the Dalki can do the same."

"I’m not claiming that the Cursed are the root of the problem, but clearly they know something that we do not!"

"Maybe the Cursed faction are behind everything and are just playing us for a fool!" Innu stated. "This would be a great way to get us all to drop our guard, and then what happened to Owen would have happened to all of us."

Although Oscar understood what Innu was thinking he personally didn’t believe that to be fact. Quinn was plenty strong, and they had already trusted him with so much, there were so many situations where he could have discreetly killed the others, but more so than anything Oscar wanted to know if they knew something, why not share it with them.

’Have the Cursed faction been playing god? Doing the Taboo on human’s creating a new source of power. I heard of rumours of Pure experimenting with humans, it would be a shame if I was to learn the Cursed were doing something similar.’

Taking in a deep breath, Samantha finally let it out.

"When me and the teacher known as Fex had been fighting against the Dalki, he displayed a strong ability, but he also had red aura ability as you all know, but something strange happened. He had been badly injured and it looked like he could no longer use his powers, but then he asked me to get him something, a flask that he had dropped. Unfortunately the contents of the falsk had been spilled, but I later noticed that every single one of the Cursed that helped me had the same flask with them."

"With the flask contents having been spilt on the floor, he had told me to do something else. To give him my own blood." Samantha explained. "After giving him my blood, his body started to heal up on the spot, and it appeared he could fight again."

"Blood... What madness is this?" Innu said.

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga