Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1093 - Falling blood

Now that Owen’s condition had improved, Quinn and Sam were getting ready to leave. Their next destination was the Bertha ship that Oscar was on. It was the final stop before they headed back to Alex to check up if he had made any progress on the beast equipment.

Before they left where the sh.i.p.s had docked on the strange giant island-like ship, Owen was there to see them off and by his side was Hermes and another.

’Looks like now that they know that there might be traitors hidden among the Graylash family members, he is bringing less people with him.’ Quinn thought, and he was correct.

Ever since that event, Owen would limit his bodyguards to only those that he completely trusted.

"Quinn, you have done me so many favours in such a short timespan that I don’t even know how I can repay you for all of them. I still haven’t even had the time to thank you for the situation with Robin." Owen spoke. "He was a good person, but I heard that there were complications... I don’t doubt you have tried everything you could to save him, but I guess that just means that even the strongest of us can be taken over. All I can say now is stay safe out there."

Giving a small bow, Hermes walked forwards and in his hand were two green coloured clear crystals, which were handed over to Quinn, who placed them in his system for safe keeping.

"Now that I can walk around again, it seems that there are many meetings I will have to attend to make up for lost times. Still, we won’t be too far behind, so I’ll see you in a bit" Owen bid him farewell.

In Quinn’s eyes, since everyone was going to be at the same place, it made sense for a meeting to take place so he wasn’t surprised by this.

When they entered the ship though, they could see someone else inside waiting for them, who was casually sleeping on one of the chairs allowing it to go vertically down.

"Please tell me, you stayed on the ship like you promised." Quinn sighed at seeing the old man.

Opening his eyes, Eno stopped pretending to be asleep and replied: "Of course I did. I merely insisted on coming because I thought that you may have had to depend on me again, but by the looks of the Graylash leader, you managed fine even without my help. Are you sure you don’t have the same ability as me?"

However, Quinn wasn’t in the mood for jokes. Although he had succeeded in helping Owen, he had failed in extracting information from the vampire spy. Fortunately, there was another one waiting for them, but he would probably need Eno there to find out why they were killing themselves and also to prevent the spy from doing so.

’Eno, why do you make asking favours from you so difficult?’ Quinn thought, as Eno’s attitude was making him want to ask for help even less.

’It’s not his fault, in a way after learning our ability our minds kind of become like that.’ Vincent shared some insight. ’Remember our ability is ’equivalent exchange’, and we can use it to help us in our daily life. As long as there is an exchange, eventually everything becomes like that. A favour for a favour.’

For once, even though the Eno family ability seemed ridiculously strong he was glad he didn’t have it.

Since the use of teleporters was being discouraged for now, and Quinn had arrived via ship in the first place, they were now flying through space as they headed to see Oscar.

"Quinn, I think we need to talk about what happened with Owen." Sam suggested as the ship was left on autopilot. Quinn quickly glanced at Eno. "I think it would be good if he was here as well. That way there won’t be any sudden rejection on his part."

The three of them entered the break room, which was connected to a very small kitchen on board the ship that allowed them to prepare some simple food. As vampires they didn’t really need to eat normal food, so the fridge was mostly filled with blood packs. Aside from that there were a few raw bits of meat in case they wanted to try something different.

The three of them sat at a rectangular shaped table, with Quinn on one end, Eno on the other and Sam in the middle. Although tensions were always high with these two, there was no better seating arrangement than the current one.

’I couldn’t stop these two if they did decide to have a go at each other.’ Sam thought as he let out a big sigh.

"The reason I was saying we need to talk is because of what has happened with Owen and the Graylash family. We already knew that they had experienced two attacks due to vampires and that they even caused great problems with the second fleet. However, it was only after meeting him that I found out that their goal wasn’t to take Owen’s life, but to convert him into a vampire."

"If we don’t tell Oscar and the others about vampires soon, it will only make the situation worse in this war. Without that knowledge humans will start to turn on each other, and then when they find out the truth, they will point their finger at us."

"In essence, I’m suggesting to be upfront about the secret we have been hiding from them. As long as we are honest and not hiding anything from them, I think they will be more inclined to understand why we have hidden it for so long as well." Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The room went quiet for a while, of course Quinn had thought about this. Maybe if they knew about vampires beforehand then they would have been more on guard and this wouldn’t have happened to Owen.

Even more so, now that Jim seemed to have vampires stationed in high places in the different factions.

"I think it was always inevitable that humans would find out about vampires." Eno was the first to speak up. "I think now might indeed be the perfect time for you to tell them. After all of your endeavours Quinn, you currently should be in the best position for them to have to listen to you without too much prejudice.

"With the Demon tier crystal obtained, the people you have gathered, they have no choice. If humans want to survive then they will have to rely on you."

Both of what Sam and Eno said were true, for so long Quinn had been afraid of what if the others found out about his secret, but now it wasn’t so much of a problem.

"I was thinking the same, but I’m not sure whether I should mention all the vampires to them." Quinn continued. "The Vampire World has stayed out of the mess with humans for so many years. It has become that way for some reason, so I think it might be better to not tell them that there is a planet full of them."

"In the first place that decision should be up to Bryce, and if he was to find out that the humans knew about them I’m worried about what plans he might have in the future."

"For once I agree." Eno nodded. "But not for the same reasons as you. If humans learn that there has been a secret world of vampires, I fear what might happen after the Dalki war ends. At the moment although both matters have to do with the Dalki, one side would not help out the other. There is no reason for vampires to help out humans, nor humans to help out the vampires so it’s best to keep them separated."

"Of course, for people like us that have an interest in both worlds it is different. On top of that, I would suggest we don’t mention about the demon tier beast that the Dalki are looking for, either. The less people know about it the better. If information got out, where exactly the Demon tier beast was, then a vampire could easily influence and extract the information from them." Eno said.

With the small talk over, it looked like Quinn and Sam had a plan on what to tell Oscar, and for once, the conversation between Eno and Quinn didn’t turn into a full blown argument.

Finally, they could see the large Bertha on site, and when they landed, Quinn showed his credentials via his platinum badge. He was greeted, and the others quickly directed him around the ship.

"This way, sir." A man bowed down, as a group of around twenty started to escort them.

"This seems a bit excessive, even if we are on the ship." Sam said. "Even when Oscar greeted us himself, there weren’t this many people there to escort us."

"Did you notice?" Eno whispered, quietly so the three of them could hear but the others couldn’t.

"Yeah, their heartbeats are beating like crazy. Something’s wrong." Quinn whispered back.

Eventually they were led into a room, and they could see Oscar, Samantha , Innu and Sach all there in front of them. However, it wasn’t a meeting room but a training room. When they entered the room, the door had closed behind them.

"What is the meaning of this Oscar?" Quinn asked.

"I’m sorry, Quinn, I didn’t want to do things this way, but I agree that there is something we need to test out." Oscar answered, as a bucket full of blood seemingly fell from the ceiling and onto the ground.

"Well, well this is getting interesting. It looks like they already know about us and have prepared a trap." Eno spoke in amus.e.m.e.nt.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga