Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1096 - Eno our saviour?

At a glance it was hard to tell that the old man who was by Quinn’s side, was Richard Eno. However, Oscar had long since felt that he looked somewhat familiar. Being told who he was, he couldn’t deny a certain resemblance to the image he had seen of a younger version of Ricahrd Eno with different coloured hair.

’Richard Eno, one of the great saviours of humanity... is a vampire? What do they mean by this?’ Oscar was baffled at the implication.​​

"How dare you?!" Innu wasn’t so chalant to hold back his reaction. He almost stood up, but was quickly kicked under the table by those sitting next to him. It was an offence for those of a lower ranking to stand up without permission.

Innu coughed before he corrected himself. "Are you really telling us that Richard Eno, the great scientist who made it possible for us to activate the power of the beast weapons, and the inventor of the teleporters that aided us in the first war is that very man sitting next to you?! What’s more we are to believe that he is responsible for all those V’s we have to deal with now? I’m sorry, but that sounds like a lot of bogus! Heck, that man doesn’t even look like Richard!"

Rather than looking at the person who was throwing out accusations, instead Richard was looking directly back at Quinn and it appeared as if the two were in the middle of a staring competition until Richard finally spoke.

"My ’Grandson’ is correct." Richard said putting a lot of emphasis on the word indicating their connection to each other. "You see, I am one of the first vampires known in existence, something we call an Original. You want the truth, then I shall tell you the truth."

Richard stood up from his seat, and even Quinn was on guard. To be honest, he didn’t exactly know what the right words to say were, but he had somewhat hoped that Eno might have a better way of phrasing things to the humans, in a way that would allow all of them to work together... and not just until the Dalki were dealt with.

’After all, that’s his goal right? I mean I did want to annoy him a bit, but now I’m worried about what he’s going to say!’ Quinn was worried how things would play out. Was it the right call to bring him along? Should he make sure to silence him before it was too late?

"All of this is simply a family feud that you have been caught up in." Eno started to explain. "I have lived for many years, and have tried my best to make sure that humans continue to live as well. During my time, I had many children, and those children had children of their own."

"After living for countless years I eventually chose to seclude myself and went into something you may think of as a form of hibernation. Now during the time I was asleep one of those distant descendants of mine created the Dalki, which he is now using to kill all those on earth."

"When I woke up, and learned of this, I of course wanted to put a stop to this. Judging by the fact that the person who caused all this belongs to my lineage I felt responsible. Lacking the means to deal with the Dalki on my own, I introduced new technologies to the world with the goal of ensuring humanity’s survival. And here I am again, doing the same thing, but this time I needed more help."

"I turned my grandson into someone like me, and through no fault of his own, he had no choice but to turn some of his companions as well. I’m sorry to say, but humans have just been caught in the middle of all this mess."

Quinn was utterly surprised by Richard Eno’s response. It was actually quite accurate to the situation they were in, and he actually hadn’t over complicated things either. On top of that, he made sure to mention that Quinn had been pushed into a situation he didn’t wish to be in.

His story also made it sound like there weren’t many vampires out there, and that he had turned Quinn just to get some allies on his side.

As for the others, they were struggling to take it all in. The Dalki, a mysterious force that was large, more powerful and had better technology than them, had attacked them from space. What else could they think other than they were aliens trying to invade and attack them.

’The Dalki were created by vampires.... And a descendant of Richard Eno is the cause of all this.’ Oscar repeated in his head to make sure all the information he had was right. ’Now it makes sense why there are vampires helping the Dalki, but there’s no way to confirm if any of this is true.’

"Why have you been quiet this whole time? Why did they create something like the Dalki? Why are they attacking us?" Samantha bombarded him with questions.

"Even parents are unable to completely control what becomes of their children. We are merely able to guide them on their path. Keep in mind that I am old, very old and I have no idea why my descendant chose to do what he did. Maybe you guys did something to annoy him, or perhaps it’s something else?"

"Are you trying to pin the blame on us?" Innu questioned in fury. "Do you know how many humans died because of the Dalki? Family members, soldiers, students, everyone got dragged into this mess through no fault of their own. And right now, the person who caused all of this is in front of us! "

Quinn could sympathize with how Innu was feeling at this moment. He had felt the same way. However one person’s actions didn’t dictate a whole race of people. Even Quinn had seen that there were bad vampires and good vampires, just like people.

"What exactly do you want me to do about it, Head General Innu?" Richard asked back. "Am I not already doing more than what should be expected of me? I introduced technology that wasn’t ready for your world, and even more. Once again I have come forward fighting, and I have turned to my precious family who had no part to play in this originally just to fight by your side."

"Let me tell you something, you are not in the position to complain about what has happened. We don’t have to help you." Eno stated as his eyes started to glow red, and like a turtle, Innu’s head naturally started to sink down into his body, as he felt the strong presence coming across the table.

"That’s enough." Oscar interrupted. "I understand the situation, and you are correct. I am very grateful that all of you are helping us, Quinn I can’t imagine what you must have gone through because of all of this, and Richard we still haven’t forgotten all the great feats you have accomplished. As you said you are not the one to blame."

"I wish you could continue to share whatever information you guys know about the Dalki and more, but I assume you have already done as much as you can. From what I have gathered there are two sides to the vampires, one that is under your control Eno, and the ones under control of your descendant."

"However, we have also learnt that their numbers may be able to increase as we go on. Can I ask, I assume that the vampire we have captured is from your descendant. Quinn, you asked me to keep him here, what exactly do you plan to do?"

"First, as this meeting is coming to an end. I think we should keep most of what we said a secret. It won’t improve their morale or change the goal in the end. I think the most important part is that everyone knows the traits of the V’s. For now we can explain that a human who is working with them has a certain ability. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"As for your question, That’s what we want to find out." Quinn replied. "Where is his creator, who sent him, and where the hell he is so we can put a stop to this whole thing once and for all."

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga