Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1097 - The missing man

Due to high rising tensions between certain members of the Earthborn group, Oscar sent Innu and Sach off on some menial tasks, checking on their fleets and so on. Once they were done, they were to start coming up with a brief on how to explain the current situation with the V’s to their members.

They would then have to make a choice between informing everyone of the trait of the V’s or only a select few. Oscar was leaning more towards the first option. ​​

Even if they were to limit it to a select few, there was no telling who was, and who wasn’t a V. Unless of course, they had one themselves. As such, telling everyone would allow for the groups to be more alert and aware, however it would increase the chances of the V’s finding out, and possibly make them go into hiding. Still, it was the option that should lead to them being able to save more lives.

At the moment, Owen, Hermes, Oscar, Samantha, Eno, Sam and Quinn were heading to a special area in the ship. For once they had entered a room that Quinn didn’t recognise.

"I can see you looking around." Oscar mentioned. Their group was walking across a dark corridor with nothing but small LED lights on the ground. "This spaceship is a little different compared to yours for a few reasons. Right now, we’re headed towards the interrogation room."

"Don’t you mean a prison cell?" Owen questioned. "You don’t have to be koi with us. I mean we are going to see a prisoner after all."

Finally they had reached the end of the hallway, and entered through the doors.

"I assure you, this is an interrogation room, but I guess it could double up as a prison." Oscar answered.

The room was rectangular and quite large. There were computer terminals and advanced equipment in the room but what stood out the most was the large glass panel window. It covered the entire length of the room and on the other side they could see the person they had come down here for.

Only they could see inside, not the other way round. The prisoner was no longer stuck in a wall of ice, and instead his limbs had been spread out cuffed around his wrist and ankles. He was clearly awake as well.

Looking at this, reminded Quinn of when he had been trapped as well. It made him feel somewhat bad for the person, especially since he was sure that just like the one he had captured, this one also shouldn’t be following orders out of free will. Although for Owen who didn’t know this, the look on his face told a different story.

Small little shocks were coming off his body, it was unusual since he mostly kept a calm demeanor. Still, it was undeniable that his life had nearly ended because of this person in front of him. After taking a few more breaths, Owen eventually calmed down.

"I guess this is good practice." Owen mumbled as he continued to breathe. "For our ability, anger is never the best thing. It’s harder to control the lightning that way." It was unclear whether it was an explanation for the others or a reminder for himself.

"Alright Quinn, let’s go with what you proposed, you and Eno can enter and ask the questions you need.’’ Oscar said. "Just so you know, everything will be recorded and filmed while you’re inside, and we will be able to see everything."

Now that there wasn’t much left to hide, Quinn didn’t mind that, and in the first place, he knew that his Influence skill was unlikely to work. A door to the side, just where the mirror ended, was opened, and Quinn followed behind Eno.

The second they entered, the vampire in the room could smell them.

"I knew something was up, I was wondering why they decided to chain me up, so who sent you here then.. was it the ki-"

"Shut your mouth!" Quinn ordered, as his eyes glowed red and in seconds the vampire felt his body being controlled. His reason for doing such a thing was because he was just about to mention the word ’King’. Quinn had just finished a bunch of questions and he didn’t want more to pop up.

"Those red eyes, it looks like they can also be used on other V’s then?" Owen noticed. "Even if they weren’t created by Quinn? How does that even work?"

Sam was left in the room looking through the glass with the others. Even though he thought it was best they didn’t learn too much about vampires, it was clear that the way things progressed they would notice things the group had been hiding from them.

"The power Quinn is using right now is a type of mind control. Most vampires can do this to a certain degree but it varies in power. However, it only works on people with weak minds. The only reason it’s working right now, is because Quinn is a strong V." Sam answered, using their term for it.

Hearing this made Owen wonder just how long Quinn had been a vampire for. Even with Quinn looking like a young a.d.u.l.t, the vampire they held captive was clearly older, yet Quinn was stronger?

’If it worked on Innu and Sach, doesn’t that suggest they have weak minds? ... It’s a good thing they aren’t here right now, otherwise Innu would be throwing his toys out of the pram.’ Smantha thought.

"Tell me who do you work for?" Quinn demanded to know.

Just like last time, the captive’s mouth started to twitch but nothing was coming out.

"Where are they?" Quinn asked again but no reply.

"It seems like not even Quinn can get an answer out of this one, even with his unique abilities." Oscar sighed.

Quinn hadn’t expected for it to be so easy after last time, but fortunately the next person who had walked over, was Richard Eno. He had his hand tightly gripped onto something that the others couldn’t quite see, not even Quinn.

Then placing his hand on his head, he stayed silent for a few seconds.

"I accept the trade." Eno mouthed with his mouth, but no sound had come out. A few seconds later and a bright light started to shine beneath his feet. His hair started to float along with the man he was touching, and whatever had been in his hand, had disappeared.

The man who had been tied up had come to again, and looked around for a few seconds.

"What did you do to me? What have you all done to me?!" The man shouted, and the next second, Eno moved his hand, slicing the man’s throat. Blood poured out the ground and he was dead. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"What the hell was that?! That was our only lead!" Oscar shouted through the room.

Eno was already making his way out, and so was Quinn, since quite frankly he wanted answers as well. Before leaving the room, Eno flicked his fingers, throwing the blood onto the floor and walked inside.

’Eno, how could you do something to a vampire like that and be so...heartless? You must know like I do that all these vampires were old spies for the king. Do you care so little about them?’ Quinn thought.

"We have already gotten all the information that is needed from him." Eno explained. "What is happening to the vampires is my descendant’s doing, but he isn’t the one actually doing it. The power that is being used on them to stop them from talking and controlling them, is just a normal ability. No information was able to be extracted from him, so we are back to square one."

"Human’s best chance of survival is to continue to wait out their time, defending as they can." Eno added as he left the room, as if he owned the ship himself.

With only Quinn left in the room with the others, they didn’t really know what to do or say.

"Your grandfather seems like a hard person to control." Oscar eventually mentioned, noticing that Quinn too had been shocked about what the old man had done inside the interrogation room.

"Indeed, worst of all, I don’t even know what’s going through his head most of the time." Quinn replied.

"Isn’t that a problem?" Samantha interrupted. "If what eno is saying is true, that these people were benignly controlled by an ability and not by some V? Doesn’t that mean that they can control anyone, even regular humans?"

The realisation of this was frightening. The only thing they could take comfort in, was if it was an ability that was capable of such a thing, then it would also mean that there was a condition that would need to be involved as well.

The look on Quinn’s face said that he wanted to chase after Eno. Oscar wanted to talk about a few things with Quinn, especially about what he was going to do now that he had successfully beaten the Demon tier beast. Nowlearning that perhaps he and Eno had different goals, he allowed Quinn to leave and chase after him.

’It looks like they have their own way of stopping this war, we will just have to continue doing our best.’

’Quinn, I’m confused.’ Vincent said. ’If what Richard said is true and this really is an ability and not a vampire power... in all my years as a vampire leader, and despite my research, I have never encountered such an ability that a vampire would be able to learn.’

As he and Sam were catching up to Eno, Quinn eventually managed to stop him in one of the halls.

"What you said earlier, there is no ability like that in the Vampire World." Quinn stated, being upfront about what he had just learnt.

At this point, Eno turned around and looked at Quinn.

"I never claimed there was, which means that there is something else going on. Just like there are abilities that only vampires can learn, there are also abilities that only humans can learn. In between there are also abilities that are shared."

"However, did you know that there is one ability that crosses these borders? A person who is able to transfer any ability into themselves, and give it to however they wish. I believe at one point and time you met them, the Truedream family."

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga