Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1101 - The passive effect

Quinn was excited to find out what the crystals he had gathered could be turned into. Especially since he had managed to procure two extra crystals from the Graylash family. Before he had been worried he might have to deliberate over two Demi-god crystals, or one Demon tier depending on what they could be used for but now he could keep both.

With the new armour set, Quinn was hoping that at least one of the Demi-god tier crystals could be turned into a new pair of gauntlets for himself.​​

"As usual, I guess you could say I have some good news and some bad news for you to choose from. Although this time, I think you could say it’s all good news." Alex said, even confusing himself with his own words.

"In the case of the Demi-god tier crystals you left me, they’re both suited to be made into gauntlets. If I use both, we won’t even need to use the energy from any other lesser grade crystals to power them. These will be the top end of the line of Demi-god tier crystals!" Alex explained with great detail and a smug smile on his face.

"Of course, I can’t tell you what their active skill will be, or what the equipment will be like until I actually make them."

Quinn was certain whatever it would be as long as Alex made it, it would end up beneficial. Ever since his last pair of gauntlets had broken he had been using the Advanced tier gauntlets. As such, he was looking forward to using gauntlets made by such high tier crystals.

Quinn then pulled out the other two crystals from his system and handed them over to Alex.

"Please check these crystals as well and see if they could be useful to make something even better." Quinn requested, yet after just a glance, Alex started to shake his head.

"Andrew has taught me a lot, so I can already tell you that these crystals don’t have the same quality as the ones I planned on using. I would have to check further to see what they could be made into, but I think it would be better to make the gauntlets out of just the Demi-god tier crystals." Alex shared his professional opinion.

Placing them back into his system, that was a good enough answer for Quinn.

"Now, I’m sure you’re wondering about the Demon tier crystal, and unfortunately here is the bad news. I can’t give you much information, other than it can be turned into an accessory item. It’s up to you, whether you want me to make it into a specific form, or I could just trust in my forger instincts while hammering it down to craft the crystal." Alex offered Quinn a choice.

Quinn didn’t know if Alex was being serious about the ’forger instincts’, or if he was just saying to leave it up to him if he didn’t have anything in particular he was looking for.

’An accessory item? It will add to my overall equipment I have on me without having to replace anything, so in a way that could be a good thing, and accessory items tend to have an active skill ninety percent of the time. If that’s the case, it could very well be a great active skill.’ Quinn pondered over his choice.

"In that case, I shall leave it up to you. I am fine with anything as long as it won’t be another mask since I already have one. Also, I was hoping you could use this." Quinn pulled out a special type of crystal. It was shiny and had a silver colour, but it wasn’t clear like a regular beast crystal. It was the upgrade crystal Quinn had received from completing the quest.

"Remember when I asked you about crystals being able to upgrade equipment? Well that’s one of them. Feel free to study it as you wish." Quinn explained.

Alex’s eyes nearly grew twice the size as he stared down at the crystal in amazement.

"I can’t believe something like this is actually real! How can you just hand me something so valuable like it’s nothing? Do you know how much this could change things? Where did you get this from?" Alex bombarded Quinn with a load of questions, not containing his excitement in the least.

Alas, Quinn had no actual answer to that question, because his system had just magically given it to him as a reward.

"I found it inside the Demon tier beast, alongside this strange seed, but it was the only one I could find." Quinn lied, and put out the mask from his dimensional space onto the table.

"I wanted to save it, but I was thinking of upgrading the emperor tier mask I have. I remember what you said, and if I upgrade one of the set pieces of armour that you gave me, It could ruin the active set skill, so I thought it would be best to leave it as it is. At the moment, I need to improve everything I have as quickly as I can." Quinn explained.

Alex started to nod frantically as he continued to hold the crystal in his hand, only now he was making sure not to hurt it, aware of its actual value.

"The gauntlets will be my priority, since they will be easier for me to make." Alex informed Quinn about his next plan of action. " The crystals don’t take as long to form, however the Demon tier might take quite a bit of time. Fortunately, with Andrew helping me it will be quicker than if I had to do it on my own though." Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Quinn didn’t understand the whole process of making weapons, so he just decided to leave it to Alex. There was no need to tell the other he was in a hurry, or that they were running out of time, because Alex would always try his best no matter the circ.u.mstances.

———

A few days passed, in which there had been an update from Sam that the students had finally arrived on the Cursed ship and that a team of potential people had been chosen. It was up to Quinn what he wanted to do with those that were still on the planet he was currently on.

Those that had come with him had been quite the great help, and Quinn was starting to realise just how strong the members of the Cursed faction had grown, even without his help. He also wanted to know if leaving them on a planet next to the Dalki fleet was a good idea. In the first place, this was a Graylash family, and not a Cursed faction family.

Quinn was currently outside the shelter and he could see families peacefully walking around, even Ko and his wife, along with their daughter were walking with smiles on their faces.

’I guess I can’t be that cruel, else I’ll just be turning into the other leaders... Am I just going to forget about everyone on this planet because they are weak? Should I not help just because their allegiance isn’t to the Cursed faction?. What if I was a child raised on this planet? Expecting help from those that could?’

Just then, Quinn received a message that the gauntlets were finally ready. Heading back into the forging room, Andrew and Alex both stood proud over the forging table, and they had the standard cloth out covering the items for the grand reveal.

"From the looks on your faces, I’m going to be quite pleased with this one, aren’t I?" Quinn asked, feeling like a little kid about to open a present.

The two of them just continued to grin at Quinn, as he walked up to the table, and pulled the cloth down. Underneath he saw two masterpieces of gauntlets. Impressive in design.

They both were more simple then the other gauntlets Quinn had in the past. Usually they would be covered in scales and bumps indicating the beast they had been made from, but instead these tow for cleanly flat, with a black rim around the edges. It looked like it would be a perfect fit for anyone who was wearing it.

Quinn picked them both up and immediately equipped them on, then using his Inspect skill he checked what the system had to say about them.

[You have obtained, the Demi-god tier gauntlet (Toximo Gauntlet)]

[Passive skill: Poisonous blood]

[Each strike has a small chance of poisoning your enemies.

Once poisoned the victim’s speed will decrease, they will lose health gradually, suffer from delusions, blurry vision and more.]

[ - Warning -]

[With each strike there is a small chance that the wearer will also get poisoned]

[Passive skill: Immune to all poisons]

[-Warning removed-]

There were quite a few things to take in, but Quinn could see that the first passive effect seemed to be quite a strong one on the gauntlets. However, he was worried that the system didn’t give him a percentage of how likely it actually was to poison his enemies. In a way it wasn’t something he could really do.

On the plus side, it seemed like the passive effect of the gauntlets that would poison the user had been removed due to the passive skill he had earned from defeating the moth. IN a way, it was an item that only he could use.

As for the stats, Quinn first wanted to see what the active skill of his other gauntlet was from. He assumed that this gauntlet was created using the crystal of the Poison moth he had fought, so he wondered what he would get from the other crystal.

Using his Inspect skill he discovered that it did indeed have an active skill, he just couldn’t believe how effective it was.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga