Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1105 - Challenge for the seat

Arthur leaped off from the top of the tower and the next moment his body was covered in shadows.

’I disagree Arthur, although it might not look like it, but things are going perfectly at the moment. My initial plan had never accounted for the fact that you may ever wake up, so thanks to your presence everything will proceed far more smoothly than I could have ever hoped for. Vincent, if only you were still here to see everything your uncle is about to achieve." ​ ​

The man behind Arthur was none other than Jim Eno, former leader of the tenth family, who not only disgraced himself, but also used his chance to redeem himself as a vampire knight to escape with the Dalki.

Left alone on top of the building, he started to smile to himself, before he broke out in laughter. His imagination had begun to run wild, dreaming about what the future would hold, but then anger struck him, and he punched through one of the wall’s at the very top of the tower smashing it to pieces.

"The human’s need to be gone, and then they will understand the mistake that they made. I just have to continue being patient, we still have plenty of time." Jim spoke to reassure himself.

Just as he was about to repair the tower, a large horn sounded throughout the entire place. Large speakers would echo it so it could be heard all over the ship like planet.

’They are at it again? It’s truly amazing how quickly they have become a civilization with traditions of their own.’ Jim thought. ’I should head on over and see for myself how powerful the newly evolved one is...’

———

The place most Dalki called home was a giant ship that had been repurposed to suit their needs. Just like its inhabitants it was constantly improving and had changed drastically once again. In the centre was an energy core that would power the large thing ’Ship’ but it was large enough to be recognised as a small planet as well. It was something the humans had yet to see, always being on the defence.

By extracting the different lands from the beast planets that they had conquered, the Dalki had been able to create their own land. It made for different terrain throughout, but was nothing a Dalki couldn’t handle.

Despite being called a ’castle’, in actuality it was just a crude mountain top with a few towers built here and there. The Dalki didn’t really care too much for architecture due to their beastly nature and had merely built the structures they had been told to. Most of the living areas had been made with the same materials that vampires had discovered to create. The black like hard substance that was equal to galthrium but harder to mold. The entire man made planet had mainly been created by two people, Jim Eno, and the Dalki known as Graham.

Standing outside the entrance to their castle, three Dalki could be seen walking out, all of them sharing looks of irritation. One was a female Dalki,with an extra long tail named Slicer, the other two were One Horn, and Graham.

"It appears another member of our race has evolved and wishes to join the table." Graham stated.

"Can’t they at least stop obsessing over who is stronger at a time like this?!" One Horn openly grumbled.

"Oi, have you already forgotten who the idiot was who proposed the stupid rule that any of the leaders could be challenged at any point and time for their position?" Slicer criticized the former, as she wrapped her tail and rested it on top of her shoulder.

The three of them jumped up several meters into the air with their powerful legs, and each time they would land, they jumped again, covering great distance and moving fast, until eventually they landed in a deep giant crater away from their castle. It was in an empty red wasteland. It looked similar to an opening of a volcano with the way the edges were bent, yet it was on felt ground. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Once the three of them arrived, they could see that there was already another Dalki standing opposite them in the crater, and at the very edges up top, several Dalki had gathered to watch the spectacle that was about to occur.

The Dalki turned around proudly showing off the four spikes on his back.

"I have finally obtained my fourth spike! According to the rules, I have come to challenge one of you for the leader’s position!" The Dalki announced, and the rest of the crowd watching above cheered as well.

"It’s up to you two." Graham shrugged his shoulders as he took a step back. "I have already made my stance clear about this entire thing being barbaric. I only agreed to it because it seems like the best method to cause the least amount of infighting as possible."

"Dred is no longer with us, so he needs to be replaced, and Green Horn has returned to us barely alive, so it would be good to test him to see if he can replace one of their positions."

"Fine, I’ll deal with him." One Horn sighed, as he walked forward, but before he could take another step, a large tail blocked his path.

"Allow me to remind you that this is our home and I’m worried you will only destroy it even more. Have you forgotten who created this giant crater in the first place?" Slicer said as she walked forward.

As the Dalki saw who he was about to go up against, he wanted to make a complaint.

"Graham, I don’t mean to challenge you, where are the others?" The Dalki complained, but before Graham could reply, Slicer was already coming towards him.

The Dalki was forced to defend himself. He went to throw in a punch, but it completely missed Slicer, and the next thing he knew was that he felt a sharp pain on his back.

"Oh, what’s this? Didn’t you say you had four spikes on your back? Why can I only see three then?" Slicer asked, as she brought the other spike to her hand with her tail.

The crowd who had been cheering from above had started to disperse as soon as they saw who had come forward. They were already making their way back to return to what they had been doing before.

"You were meant to keep him alive! How do you suppose we can fill in our rank if you test them like this?" Graham complained as he sighed about the loss of life.

"We don’t need such weaklings who can’t even touch me. Since they managed to defeat Dread, he would not have fared any better." Slicer explained herself, as she walked off, displaying the five spikes on her back.

’Even if he wasn’t as strong as Dred, that doesn’t mean he couldn’t have been useful in other ways. Everything we are doing is just for the sake of us being able to continue living, yet there you go killing him for nothing. Slicer, with Dalki like you around, it’s no wonder the humans wish to get rid of every single one of us.’ Graham thought bitterly.

"It seems like Slicer is tired of playing games, let’s send her out to make the next move."

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga