Chapter 1107 - A stronger Qi inside

In the command centre of the Cursed ship, all the leaders of the Cursed faction were present. Sam had just stated that he would be talking about what the Cursed group would be doing next, their journey to Blade Island.

"I’m going to explain everything from the beginning, just so everyone is clear why we are doing what we are doing and so we are all on the same wavelength." Sam stated. "After all, as leaders of the Cursed faction it is important for all of us to know what’s happening just in case we need to support each other, and so none of us feel like the others are slacking in their areas."​​

"At the same time we have a new guest that also needs to be briefed on everything." Sam explained looking towards Shiro with a smile. He had been told a few small details, but through messages alone it was hard for him to understand everything that was happening.

"Blade Island is owned by the Blade family. For those who aren’t aware, the Blade family is a strong family that has been controlling the Big Four families from behind the scenes for years. Each one of them has the ability to copy other abilities, and if you haven’t guessed by now, Sil is also a member of that family."

Some of this was quite shocking for the others to learn, that there really was a family that was stronger than the Big Four. How had they managed to keep it a secret for so long? However, some things were also starting to make sense to them now. The way people acted once they had learned of Sil’s power and discovered his last name.

"As you probably have guessed since Sil is with us, they don’t particularly get along, and the Blades aren’t the nicest of people. They have abused their strength, and for whatever reason they didn’t even help in the first Dalki war."

"The main person to watch out for is Hilton Blade, the leader of the Blade family. Thankfully, we have learnt from Brock that they are no longer on the island. This means we should be able to complete two of our objectives easier than originally planned." Sam pointed to Shiro, signalling him to stand up. He shot up straight away, nervous as all the eyes were on him.

Usually, when one would join a large faction they would do simple tasks and work their way up, but for Shiro’ first mission, he had practically been thrown into what looked like a very important mission.

"The first part of our task is to head to the giant stone tablet where Eno will see if the tablet contains the ability we are looking for and pass it onto Shiro as agreed." There was a slight pause as Sam was waiting for Eno to raise a complaint, yet the old man did no such thing. After all, this was one of the options Eno himself had presented.

"With that, there is a second part of the task, and that is to use Sil and his ability to try and tame the Demon tier beast and move it."

Hearing those words, Shiro spun his head around and looked at Sam, his whole body shaking.

"Di- Di- Did you just say- say a Demon tier beast?!" Shiro stuttered and felt like he was about to collapse. He was someone who had no such ability, and could barely fight Intermediate beasts, and now he was meant to confront a Demon tier beast.

"I have to add that moving the Demon tier beast may not be an easy task." Brock interjected. "If Sil’s ability is enough then perhaps there will be no need for us to do anything. However, if it rejects or wishes to fight, then we will have no other choice but to weaken it for Sil’s ability to work."

"Although Hilston was able to control the beast, he has what he calls the ’Chained’ with him, and it appears he has evacuated them all off the island. Most of the high level ability users who are here, Sil can not copy their ability from. It would be great if we could call Oscar or Owen for Sil to touch, but they are doing their own thing, and if possible we would like to refrain from letting them know where the Demon tier beast is."

This was something Quinn hadn’t thought of, it meant that they would need to take six humans along with them, for Sil to copy their abilities from, adding more risk to the mission.

"As long as I can place them in the Shadow lock, they should be fine, and if the Blades aren’t there the only thing we have to worry about is the Demon tier beast. Well I say ’only’, but that’s still a big thing to worry about." Quinn said.

"Which moves us on to the next point, for who you wish to bring along, I believe that Nate is already busy teaching the others. I have sent a message to Helen, and asked her to come along since we will need her to give Sil a boost while leaving her two sisters in charge." Sam said.

"Is there anyone who wants to come?" Quinn asked, looking for a show of hands, but nearly everyone had raised their hand. As usual most of the Cursed leaders were fearless, and Shiro looked at this just through one thing.

’These people are so awesome!’

Knowing what they were about to go into, many would have backed out, but for some reason, all this group trusted and relied on each other. This was what Shiro was looking for, and he didn’t even know it before. In the past all he had cared about was power, but why did he need that power in the first place? Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Brock, Eno, Sil and Shiro were already a given since they had to come. When Quinn looked around the room, he was trying to think of who would be suitable for the task. Last time the group he had brought along with him had been a great help.

"The names I say will be coming along with us." Quinn said after making a decision. "Richard, Brock, Sil, Shiro, Fex, Logan and Borden. Helen will be joining us as well." Quinn said as his final choices.

"Peter, I know you are strong but that’s why I want you to remain behind and continue to look after the Blade kids. I’m worried that while we don’t know where the Blade members are they might come out and attack us at any point and time." Quinn explained.

Of course, Peter wasn’t delighted hearing he wasn’t allowed to come along, but he couldn’t exactly go against Quinn’s orders.

When facing a Demon tier beast, large forces were never a good idea, least of all with this type of Demon tier beast. Quinn was worried that a similar situation that had happened to Owen could happen to the Cursed faction as well. Sam was right, even with his ability to travel to their side instantly, now situations were starting to arise where he had to be in two places at once, and that was impossible. He had to rely on the people around him.

"Please remember that we have to wait for one more." Eno finally spoke. "She has still yet to arrive, but I assure you she is on her way. Aren’t you also waiting for more candidates to come?"

Quinn had almost forgotten about it, but to use Sil’s ability they would need Mona.

’With Mona coming, then that’s one last person that we need to find for Sil. I chose Logan because he’s a high level ability user, I don’t plan to use him much for the fighting side of things. With Helen as well, that’s three abilities that Sil can copy from."

"Sam, will try to find three more members with a high level ability for Sil to copy, in the meantime we will wait for Mona and Helen to arrive. With this the meeting is over." Quinn announced and everyone was ready to get up to head their separate ways.

Just as Quinn was about to leave the meeting room though, he felt someone strongly grab his hand and yanked him away.

"What are you doing, why didn’t you pick me?!" Layla asked him directly, the anger in her voice apparent. "It’s one thing for you to avoid me ever since, but now you don’t even consider me for such an important mission?"

It was then that Quinn noticed that touching each other didn’t give them the headaches that they had before. Perhaps it was something to do with the feelings he had felt at the time. Which made him wonder internally what his feelings were for Layla if they weren’t constantly going off, or maybe he just had too much on his mind at the moment.

"Layla, this is a Demon tier beast, and the Blade Island. You weren’t there last time, but I was nearly killed. We all almost died." Quinn stressed the seriousness of the situation.

"But it was okay to take me to hunt with you for the other Demon tier? You’re not making any sense right now. Why are they so intent on avoiding me?" Layla pressed him for an answer. At the moment, she was filled with anger. She hadn’t worked this hard, come this far, just to be chucked to the side, and forgotten about.

While feeling her hand on him, Quinn noticed that her grip was incredibly strong, stronger than usual. Layla’s vampire subclass shouldn’t grant her extreme strength... not unless she had evolved into her second form, so what was powering her at this moment?

"Do you mind if I take a look at you?" Quinn asked and Layla started to blush. She wanted to let go, but Quinn held her hand tightly and closed his eyes.

’What is this in her body? How does she have such a strong Qi? It seems to be even bigger than mine.’

According to Layla she had never learned how to use Qi from Pure, she had never reached the ranks to be taught it in the first place. There was only one explanation how she could have such a large Qi capacity then.

’I knew that her mother had passed Layla her Qi, but I was sure that it would fade away once she healed and time went on, but this is still as strong as ever! If Layla actually learned to use Qi, she could be as strong as her mother, perhaps even stronger due to her vampire powers.’ Quinn concluded as he smiled.

"Alright Layla, I will permit you to accompany us, but only if you manage to learn something before it’s time for us to leave." Quinn offered.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga