Chapter 1111 - Can thank me or not

"I think it’s only right that if we stay on this ship, that they should at least tell us every one who is a vampire and everyone who is not, don’t you think that’s fair?" A member of the cursed faction asked.

"I think that’s reasonable, after all Oscar told us to look out for them, but did you hear what Owen said, it seems like he has a lot of trust in our Cursed faction."​​

"I think that’s bull, why didn’t they tell us, if they weren’t planning something they should have told us from the beginning."

"Yeah, like that would have worked. Would you have believed them if it wasn’t such a serious message, and would you really say you were okay with it? The only thing I do agree with you on, is that they should at least tell us who and who isn’t a vampire."

There was non-stop talking around the whole world about the two messages they had received, and especially those on the Cursed ship. The first mention of the V’s had sprouted a doubt in many minds, not trusting those next to them, but there were two parts to this message, as the second one delivered by Owen, tried to make sure, and make everyone know full well that the Graylash family were on the Cursed side.

It was because of this, that while opinions were originally one sided with fear, they were now equally split down the middle, but there was one thing they were all waiting for, that was an answer. An answer from the Cursed faction leaders themselves.

"Quinn, what are you doing?" Helen said as she went to approach him, while everyone else stood back. "Is what everyone is thinking true, that you’re not really a human?"

Quinn clenched his fist for a few seconds, the reason he was standing still was because he continued to listen to everyone’s opinions before he was going to decide what to do, and he had finally come up with his answer.

"I’m not human?" Quinn replied back to Helen. "Is that what it looks like to you, do I really look any different? Does that change how you look at me, how you will treat me from now on?"

Helen paused for a few seconds, and looked at Quinn’s face. His face wasn’t one of worry, but instead it looked more like relief. Relief that a long secret that he had been hiding had finally been revealed.

"No." Helen stated. "I was shocked of course, but as long as the you I know so far has been the real you, then nothing has changed."

With this, Quinn decided to walk past Helen, and Nate, with Layla following him along as they were sure he was about to do something, whether it be a good thing or a bad thing, they did not know.

"Helen, I never got to thank you for the beast gear that you handed to me, it was a nice gift." Quinn said."It helped me out a lot, and I hope none of this changes our relationship."

Before she could reply Quinn had already left, and for the first time, Helen was left there without knowing what to say.

’Did I say the wrong thing, I thought I was getting closer to him, and then this happened...but the others, they walked with him, and never were worried for a second, even that block head boy.’

While questing her own thoughts, soon an announcement was to be made. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"All members of the cursed faction, please meet in the main hall. There is an announcement to be made, where Quinn Talen will be present. Please make your way to the main hall immediately." Sam stated.

Those on the Cursed ship were a bit nervous, they had no idea what was about to happen, but at the same time they couldn’t exactly just leave either, but as they saw others confidently heading to the main hall without any problems, they too did the same.

A few wanted to leave, attempt to go through the teleporters or steal a ship, but there were those that stopped them.

"Let’s at least hear what they have to say first, and we don’t know who is who at the moment or what." some members said.

Most of those that headed to the hall without hesitation had been directly saved by Quinn. There was a time when the whole Parasite faction was poisoned, and Quinn was the one that saved their lives, never forcing them to do something they didn’t want to.

There were those who had lost their lives, but their families continued to be supported by the Cursed faction, through credits, beast crystals, and housing. Quinn had made sure that everyone that fought for him, and had lost their lives would be compensated.

At the moment, Quinn, and the rest of the Cursed leaders who were present, were standing on top of a platform, where the bridge would be used to travel between the main hall and the command centre. Below were all the members of the Cursed that were on the ship.

"Sam, let’s send the whole world one last message." Quinn said with a smile.

Sam knew what Quinn wanted to do, and he was already prepared. On the platinum card given to them, this was what could be used to send out a message to everyone. The same way Owen and Oscar did.

Sam nodded, and Quinn pressed a button, holding it down, and soon his face and everything was being displayed to the whole world.

"I think after getting a message from two of the world leaders, it’s only right that you get another one from the last world leader, the one that somehow has ended up in the middle of all this.

"I’m going to just say it to you all now, what you have heard is all true, but I want you to think about it. Oscar, Owen and myself. We are the three that you trusted to lead you up till this point, and they still trust me despite knowing what I am.

"That’s right, I am a V, but I wasn’t always a V. I was human, a weak human who was bullied everyday in their school life for never having power. Abused by the military system and shut down for never being of any use in this war. Just like many of you out there.

"Yet, now that I have power, I am in the position of where I am today, but my goal from the beginning has been to change the way the system was. In a way, I believe the system treated those that were weak inhumanly. Yet ever since I became a V, I was treated more like a human than ever before."

For those listening, some of them were confused, and it didn’t really answer their question whether they could trust the Cursed faction or not, but at that point that Quinn didn’t care. He wasn’t there to change the minds of everyone.

From being in charge of his own faction and more, he realised it was impossible, all he could do was try his best to help those around him, and those that wished to help him. These were the people that he would fight for, and continue to fight for.

"For those on the Cursed faction planets and on this very ship. You are free to leave, you always have been and that will stay the same. I, with my group of people, will continue to protect all of those in the Cursed faction, to me nothing has changed."

Soon, Quinn’s eyes began to glow red and everyone could see it on their screens, but it wasn’t only his eyes. Sam, who was standing next to him, activated his powers, Layla, Nate and all the other vampires from the Cursed faction stood there with their eyes glowing red.

At that point, the broadcast had ended, but those in the Cursed faction were left confused. With Quinn taking a back seat. Sam walked out instead.

"We understand you are all scared, and the unknown would scare anyone, but Quinn here saved all of our lives. Like he said, we weren’t originally V’s. We aren’t some blood s.u.c.k.i.n.g monsters and everything will remain the same.

"If there is anything, any request people wish to ask, then feel free to do so. However, while most of you will be busy deciding whether to trust us or not, we’ll be busy trying to end this damn war for your sake, and you can thank us later or not."

It took a few hours for everyone to calm down and it even seemed like there were a few arguments and scuffles on the Cursed ship, as they argued over who to trust and who not to trust. However, eventually there were those that just couldn’t stand to be on the Cursed ship anymore, and had decided to leave to join other factions.

What came as a big surprise though, was how little people had decided to leave, fewer than a hundred or so. Those on the Cursed ship, worked with the Cursed leaders, the closisist, and it actually helped their cause when they learnt that not only Quinn was a vampire.

The bond they had built while living on this giant ship called home, couldn’t be broken too easily, but it was hard to tell if the rest of the world would think the same.

"Quinn, you just leave everything to me." Sam said. "Go out there and do what you need to do."

As all of the preparations were ready to head to the blade island.

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga