Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1121 - Lumped together

For a long time, the tension hadn’t been quite the same in a particular shelter. A shelter that looked unusual compared to others, for the houses, people and shops lived high above the trees. However, if one was to look at all the people walking around, none of them had a smile on their face.

Instead, their faces showed great concern. If they had the choice, they would try their best to stay inside in their homes. At the moment, many people were outside, and this was due to a meeting that was to take place in one of the larger houses. ​​

It was the highest house in the Shelter and also the largest. Using the bridges that would take them from one platform to the other, a group of people were now heading their way there. Inside the place, the leader of everyone, who was named Ruby, stood on a small raised wooden platform.

She had dark coloured skin and curly hair that was braided down to her waist. She stood there holding a spear with the head of it stuck into the ground. As the room was getting filled, mumbling between everyone started already.

"What are they even doing here? Do we know yet?"

"I can’t sleep well at night knowing that they are just right outside our doors."

"But they don’t seem to be attacking us. Has there been some type of deal that has been set up? And they have been here a while without saying much at all."

"And where is Arthur, wasn’t he meant to protect us from things like this?"

"Silence!" Ruby shouted, her voice carrying loud over everyone. After hearing that name, she immediately wanted to end the discussion there.

"I know everyone is scared, worried and has a lot of questions on their mind. The worry has only been building up, it feels like we can’t catch a break, and everyone who we have ever trusted has abandoned us."

As soon as Ruby started to speak, the rest immediately shut up. The way Ruby spoke, she took control of the room in an instant with her voice.

"The Dalki, I don’t really know why they are here. The human race has been at war with them for so long, we have learnt that they are the enemy, but we have seen what they have done so far." Ruby continued. "The beasts that regularly attack us, they have for some reason defended us. They have stayed near our borders of the Shelter but haven’t harmed a single one of us."

Saying all this, Ruby had to pause, and her fist could be seen tensing over the spear.

"But they are the enemy. How many of us have known someone that lost their lives in the first war. I know the army abandoned us, but we wouldn’t be in this place if they never attacked us!" A man shouted and argued, and it looked like a lot of them agreed.

"I know!’ Ruby shouted again, silencing them all once more. "But tell me, do you all trust Arthur? He told us that no matter what, they will protect us from whatever is to come whatever the outcome of the war..."

"As long as the Dalki do not harm us, then I think that we should leave them-"Just as she was about to finish her sentence, the whole room started to shake, and a loud bang was heard from the outside.

Immediately they all grabbed their spears and started to rush outside the world.

"I knew that the Dalki would eventually attack. We have to defend ourselves at all costs." CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

"It might just be a beast. They have been coming more often lately." Another one said.

Ruby knew that this wasn’t an attack from the beast nor the Dalki. It sounded more like someone had fired a type of laser of some sort. When they finally went outside, they could see the chaos that was unfolding.

Mech’s dropping in just around the outside of the Shelter where the Dalki were protecting, and ability users nearby outside firing off their powers fighting against the Dalki.

"It’s the military. They have come back to save us!" The men shouted.

It certainly seemed that way. There was no reason for them to arrive after all, but Ruby disagreed that they had come to save them. They could have come a long time ago and transported them to another Shelter or planet, but that never happened.

She feared that the actual reason the military had decided to come here was because they wanted to get rid of the Dalki, which would be bad news for her.

’Why, why couldn’t you just leave us in peace.’ Ruby said as her face was full of tears, and she just wished one person was still here, Arthur.

———

On the ground floor, two head generals had been sent to get rid of the Dalki force. They were unsure how many Dalki were at the Shelter, but the order was quite clear. They were to suspect that the humans with the Dalki were part of the V’s.

The head generals that were down there were head general Sach, along with Samantha.

"It looks like this might be quite the easy task," Sach said. "Bringing both of our forces in, it looked like Oscar wanted to deal with them quickly. I guess it makes sense because of where the Dalki are. How did they even get here in the first place."

"Sach!" Samantha shouted. "We are both head generals, and you decided to go against my suggestion. I suggested it would be best if we could find a way if the humans really were V’s or not."

"And risk our people getting caught?" Sach replied. "Then the enemy would know about us, and a whole platoon would have died for no reason. This was the best decision, as you can see."

Even though Sach had his reasons for doing things, she didn’t like it. After Oscar had released the information to the whole world, there seemed to be two types of reactions. Either those who are cautious around others or those who trusted no one, and Sach clearly preferred to trust no one.

Soon, the humans had realised this fact as well, as a Mech had dropped down on top of one of the wooden platforms and was pointing its laser arms directly at the humans.

"Watch out, the army. They are attacking us as well!" Ruby shouted, but no warning would save their lives.

"The Dalki, they really are protecting us for some reason, and the army, why are they attacking us?" The people thought. "What do we do?"

All of those in the Shelter were now confused. The ones meant to be protecting them were trying to kill them, and those they knew as their enemies for a lifetime were now saving them.

In the end, what choice did they have? They could only join the Dalki as they fought for their lives.

"I guess it’s time we finish this up. Why don’t me and you join the battle." General Sach said as he looked over to Samantha. "We could have a friendly competition. If I kill more than you, then why don’t you take me up on a date?" He asked.

"I would like to take you up on that offer." A voice said from above, and soon the Dalki had landed on the ground shaking the whole area around them.

As they quickly recovered their balance and looked at what had landed in front of them, they could see one thing, a single horn sticking out from its head.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga