Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1123 - Two vampire knights

There were no set schedules between vampires when one would sleep or stay awake. Unlike the humans they didn’t follow the sun, nor did they need as much sleep as humans. Then there were also sub classes that didn’t require any sleep at all.

As such, it wasn’t too surprising that at any time of day, one could see lights all around the place and people coming and going around in the Vampire World. Today though, Bryce had given an order to a certain number of vampires, to gather in the castle once more, to hold a special meeting.​​

He wasn’t in his usual throne room, instead he was in the dungeon of the castle where prisoners would often be kept before heading off to the fourteenth castle or for execution. One of these deep underground tunnels led to a certain place.

A special room that Bryce had created once he had become king, putting a special type of combination on the door. For this door, he didn’t even allow Muka to know the combination, and Muka wasn’t even made aware that such a tunnel existed in the first place.

Going through the tunnels, the special leaders that had been invited could go and visit Bryce, without the others knowing.

"This certainly seems more fun than the time when I was alive." Tempus said out loud to himself as he walked towards the special door. Giving a type of knock on the door that only he would know, it was soon opened from the inside, and Tempus could now see the other leaders that were there.

"You invited the second Original!?" Suzan, the leader of the third family exclaimed, the shock being so great that she had jumped out of her seat. If it had been any other time, she would have shown the vampire great respect but today things were different for a reason.

"Calm down, he is already aware of everything that is going on and everything that has happened. I know the second family wasn’t involved back then, but after what happened to Cindy, it was impossible to hide it from him. Besides, he has been a great help so far."

Learning of this fact, the rest of the leaders in the room stood up and bowed to him. The ones attending were Bryce’s two Royal Knights, Prima Kilton, ex leader of the twelfth family, and Kyle Harlu, ex leader of the seventh family.

On top of this, Jill, the ex eighth family leader who still had her dead eyes, was standing rather than sitting at the table.

"As you all have been made aware, Arthur will come to pay us a visit. And there is only one reason we can all think of, he has come to get revenge for what we have done to the other Punishers." Bryce stated. "I don’t regret what we did. We needed to make sure that they would never come back, but because we didn’t finish the job properly the first time, we still have troublesome people coming back now."

"To rectify our past mistake, I have gathered you here to ask for your help. I know a lot of you have not informed the new leaders in your family about your past, and I don’t blame any of you. If we had succeeded in the past we could all just bury this event as a part of history, but since our ’old friend’ will come to pay us a visit we will have to deal with him."

"Any vampires that you see as expendable, please send them my way. I have already exhausted my connections to the first family, and I’m aware that Muka already knows that something is up. If the first family’s number gets any smaller or we go out to create more newborns, people will certainly start to ask about it."

The room remained silent after Bryce’s request. This group of people had hardly met up before Bryce had become King, but at least then, the ex first family leader had treated them as equals.

All of them were here because they had committed the same sin, but now that Bryce was King, although he had ’asked’ them for this favour, his tone had made it clear that it was just for appearance’s sake. In reality, it was pretty much an order.

"What do you plan to do with these people?’ Suzan asked. "It sounds like they may never be brought back. I’m fine with sending you criminals or people who disobey rules, but if you can promise me they will come back, then I’m happy to send you others as well."

Some of the others agreed with this. They too feared that maybe the vampires that they would send to him would forever disappear. It certainly sounded like that based on the way he was talking about the first family.

"Arthur is strong. Have you forgotten how much so?" Bryce replied to them all. "It would be great if that man would only believe himself to be untouchable, but he came at all of us at the same time. We would all be dead by now if he hadn’t left of his own free will and even the old King had been unable to do anything about it!" Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"Our only hope to stand up against him is that he will believe that we are still weak, that we won’t have any solution to stop his shadow powers, but with your help, I will! As for your people... no they will not return." Bryce admitted. "I will make sure that they will be remembered as heroes, but without sacrifice we can’t win this upcoming battle."

It worried them a little, the way Bryce was speaking. As the King shouldn’t he care for the well being of the vampire race? Didn’t they all agree to get rid of the Punishers, so that no more vampire lives would have to end? So then how could he so easily ask for the lives of their fellow vampires?

Still, it also felt like they had no other choice now. After getting involved in the past they could no longer be forgiven. Arthur as the leader of the Punishers might have chosen to postpone punishing them for their crime once, but it was nigh impossible for something like that to happen again.

"If only there was a way to convince the other leaders that Arthur is the villain we should be fighting against." Tempus spoke. "I think it would increase our chances, don’t you? Besides, then there would be no need for you to worry about certain leaders teaming up with the Punisher."

The others found it odd that the second family was working with Bryce. After all, the second family had not been involved with the matter of the Punishers back then.

"Oh, if you have a suggestion, please share it with us all." Bryce said.

"I think he will be surprised by seeing some old faces reappear in front of him again." Tempus said.

——

Over at the tenth castle. Paul had been doing his duties as the Vampire Knight quite diligently. The human soldiers had built up a good relationship with those in the tenth. It seemed like most of the distrust had gone away after Quinn had been hailed a hero.

This had made Paul’s job a lot easier than before. Sitting at his desk inside the castle, Paul was going through paperwork, reminding him of the days when he had been in the military without any abilities. It was one of the reasons he had been able to adapt to the situation quicker than most. He also had the likes of Xander and Timmy helping him out.

’Quinn, there has been no report from you. I hope you still remember the request I have made. I know you will look after all of our families, but I can’t help but worry that the war has already started. I’m not sure how busy you will be whether you can still protect them all at that time.’ Paul thought.

At that moment, the mask that he mostly kept around his waist started to vibrate and he was wondering who could be calling him at a time like this. Sam had given him a few updates about the current situation of the world, but also missed out on many. Perhaps it was because he knew that Paul would want to get involved if he knew too much.

When answering the call, it had come from someone unexpected.

"I see, I think that is possible." Paul replied, as he stood up from his seat, and started to head to the throne room of the tenth castle. There, Paul stood in front of the teleporter.

He pressed a few of the buttons on the front, activating the teleporter and soon it started to light up as it was activated, he waited a few seconds, and coming through the teleport two people could be seen.

"Welcome back, I didn’t expect to see the two of you return first before the others. Is everything okay?" Paul asked.

"It was an unexpected return for us as well, but necessary." Leo replied, with Erin following him from behind.

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga