Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1125 - The first loss

A few days had passed since Quinn and his group had arrived on Blade Island. They had learned quite a few new things during their stay and some dynamics had changed within the group.

For one, Quinn had no idea what was taking Eno’s people so long to arrive at the island. Whenever he had asked the old man, the only answer he would get out of him was they would be here eventually. It appeared that they had to either be coming from a very far away destination, or were making sure that no one could see them while on their way there.

The Demon tier beast had returned to his original spot in front of the tablet. For most of the time it seemed to be napping, only waking up briefly whenever Quinn would visit to see if there was any information he could get about his family, or if the tablet would speak to him again, but it never did happen.

Since the plan to move the Dragon had been abandoned, Helen had decided to leave ahead of everyone else. Quinn had instantly agreed that it was vitally important for her to head out there. After all, just like Owen was out protecting the planets the Graylash family owned, it was the same for her. Helen was the one that was in charge of protecting most of the Cursed faction planets.

Who knew when the next large-scale attack from the Dalki or the Jim would occur?

Mona had been let out and was updated on the situation. She seemed okay but still didn’t really know what happened. Usually, if she couldn’t take over she wouldn’t pass out like that, but she wasn’t keen to try out again so soon.

However, their days on the island weren’t totally wasted. The island was full of strong beasts that the others could use as a form of training.

Currently, seen coming out from the forest area that was just an in front of the entrance to the large castle, Fex could be seen dragging a beast that looked similar to a boar. Its tusks were nearly as large as its whole body. Whoever ended up on the wrong end of those would never be able to get off them.

Fex continued to drag the boar that was wrapped with his red strings across the ground, and eventually cut off the string from his hand, leaving it to wiggle around a bit on the floor.

"Few, finally the second one." Fex said, wiping the sweat from his head. "I don’t know what you want to do with these things, but it would be a lot easier if I was allowed to just kill it before bringing it over. Trying to capture a beast alive is a massive pain."

"Alright Shiro, it’s now your turn." Quinn said, as he gave him a small nudge forward.

On the ground now, there were two different types of beast. One was a giant frog, with six eyes on its head that was also wrapped around with the same red strings. Both of them were Advanced tier beasts.

Even if they were to escape it wouldn’t be much of a problem for the people there to deal with them, but Shiro still looked nervous. To him these were deadly beasts.

He inched closer and closer with both his hands out walking towards them.

"You can do this, they need you to do this. You’ve been practising a lot and I think I got the feeling down." Shiro mulled to himself. "Remember what that book said." Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

While searching the castle, the group were in luck. For when the Blades had left the island, nearly everything in the castle had been left behind as well. It seemed kind of sad in a way to see so much history left behind in such a place, but it looked like Hilston didn’t care about it at all.

There was an entire grand library filled with information on top of information. After searching through the books, they had managed to come across a type of diary. It had details reporting how certain abilities functioned as if they were testing things and one of them, was Shiro’s current ability.

It seemed like every chained ability they had was stored in that library filled with these notes and it contained crucial information about each ability. After handing the book to Shiro, Quinn had asked Sil if he could keep all the information. It felt wrong to just take something when it wasn’t his and a member of the family he was taking it from was right beside him.

Sil hadn’t even hesitated to agree. He didn’t care for the books and he wanted to forget everything about the place anyway. Doing so, Quinn had put all of the books in his dimensional storage. These weren’t ability books, they didn’t tell the user how to cultivate the ability, but did tell them what the abilities were capable of.

Thanks to Shiro learning Qi, he was more in tune with his body than the average person. He could feel the changes that were happening as he activated his ability and thanks to the information in the book about what was possible, he could already do a few things.

It made Quinn wonder, if Pure ever did learn abilities it could make them stronger than others. While thinking about this, suddenly the frog beast shot out its tongue straight towards Shiro, and wrapped it around his wrist before it could touch him.

In less than a second though, Quinn was there to slice its tongue off. Immediately he went to look at Fex, who looked like he was trying to shy away.

"My bad." Fex mumbled an apology. "I just brought them here and that thing never used an attack like that when I was fighting it."

"Isn’t it a frog though?" Layla questioned. "What else can a frog do?"

Since the danger had passed, Shiro soon walked forward now armed with the knowledge that Quinn would be there if anything similar should occur. Placing one hand on each of the beast’s heads, Shiro concentrated. The palm of his hands started to light up slightly in a soft glow, and that was the end.

"Did it work?" Shiro asked

"Let’s find out." Quinn said, as Shiro went to run where Layla and Sil were sitting. Quinn then cut the strings that were made by Fex and the two beasts were free. As they stood on their feet something felt strange about both of them.

The boar beast attempted to jump on its back legs, hardly making any distance whatsoever. It also would constantly pull out its tongue as if it was tasting the air. As for the frog beast, it looked like it was trying to figure out how its leg’s worked.

"Bwahahha!" Fex burst out laughing, and so did the others by the seats. It was quite a funny scene.

"Well that’s good, it looks like you’re getting the hang of using your ability. Now let’s try to put them back, their minds into their original bodies. After that we can try to just transfer the mind of one into the body of the other." Quinn suggested, as they continued to test out Shiro’s ability.

But before that, Quinn could feel that he was getting a call from a certain someone. Placing the mask on his face he answered.

"Quinn, this is Sam, and I have an important report to make." Sam said over the voice in a serious tone.

"Go on." Quinn replied, worried about what might have happened for Sam to react in such a manner.

"Dalki were discovered on one of the planets owned by the humans. Oscar sent out two of his forces and in the end he even had to join the battle, because One Horn was there as well."

’Two groups and Oscar went there himself. How many Dalki were there?’ He thought. One Horn was probably the most described Dalki to all of humanity and he was the personification of why they feared the race.

"Does Oscar need help? Has he asked us to come to the planet?" Quinn asked, but there was silence for a few seconds.

"He did, but there was nothing we could do. Before we could even send out reinforcement the fight was already over. ... Humanity has lost their first battle against the Dalki."

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga