Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1129 - Always getting in the way

F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

After more than a week of relaxation on Blade Island the Cursed group had finally headed off again, back to the main Cursed ship. There they wanted to retrieve further information from Sam on the details of the Demi-god tier humanoid beast.

Humanoid beasts were said to be the strongest type of beast for that specific tier. Not just because of their powers but more so because of the level of intelligence they displayed. Quinn had now fought against two Demon tier beasts, but neither of them had been the humanoid type, so perhaps this would prove to be more difficult than that, in fact he was sure of it for a major reason.

Their goal was not to kill the beast but to capture it. What’s more since they planned to use its body, they would have to make sure to keep it as intact as possible. Sure, a healer might be able heal some of its wounds, but that was under the assumption their abilities would work on the beast’s body.

Chucky was the last one to enter after taking a toilet break. The room was mostly silent and Quinn could be seen reading a book, as for himself though he didn’t really have anything to do, so decided to go to the bar-like setting area and chat with the others.

"So I heard that the Demi-god tier crystal is also near the earth station, right?" Chucky asked. "Does that mean you’re going to pay Oscar a visit before landing, or on the way back?"

Quinn placed his book down after folding a corner of the page to remember where he was, and looked up at who had asked the question. Chucky didn’t exactly have a memorable voice.

"We will make a stop before confronting the beast. Perhaps Shiro might be able to do something after all, and we can also take the chance to take a look at the others." Quinn replied. "It should further prove that our relationship is not just a superficial one. There is just one troublesome person I would like to avoid."

That person was naturally Innu, the head general that was currently in charge of the Earthborn group. Despite Sam doing his best to smooth things over, it had been apparent that the other didn’t trust them for refusing to get revenge on the Dalki.

Shiro was still practising using his ability. He had yet to manage to communicate or wake up Raten and Vorden in Sil’s mind. Without that, the whole mission would be useless. The only problem was, that this was considered a different skill to swapping minds and such, and one couldn’t really practice this on beasts either, so Shiro was left to read the notes left behind carefully.

’How did they get this much information? They must have really put the Original user of this ability through a lot.’ Shiro thought as he looked through the pages, seemingly hoping it might reveal something new to him.

Going by the dried blood stains, he could imagine them practically torturing the man, putting him in life and death situations while another person sat down and wrote notes.

Finally, the ship had arrived at the Cursed base, and everyone was free to relax again once more. A quick update showed that nothing bad had happened to the ship while they had been away, still Quinn wanted everyone to keep on their toes just in case anything was to occur.

However, there were a couple of people that Quinn didn’t expect to be around. When he was walking through the halls, he could hear a particular voice from quite a short distance away.

"So how much has changed for you ever since you found out about the existence of the V?" Bonny asked.

"Honestly, not much has changed around here. We continue to operate just as we did before. I trust the leaders, they pay well and so far they haven’t shown any signs of planning to break their promise to look after our families even after anything happens to us."

"That’s a benefit that not everyone can guarantee, which is why I decided to stay in the first place. The only thing I will say is we don’t really interact much with the leader Quinn and most things are done through..." As the man was about to finish his question, the very person he was speaking about was approaching the two of them.

——

The two that had arrived on the ship in Quinn’s absence were Bonny and Void. They had gone to the break room and had explained to Quinn exactly the reason why they were here. It was due to the recent reaction and announcement of the Cursed faction having V amongst them, most prominently Quinn himself.

"Don’t you think this is a good idea?" Bonny asked as she took a sip of her coffee. "People are scared after the reveal of the V but as if that wasn’t enough, they have also been told that you are our supposed allies. Is it any wonder that most don’t know who they are meant to believe now? Showing them the daily life of those in the Cursed faction and telling them what you guys are planning to do, this way people will be less fearful of you!"

As she was saying that, Void walked over and passed a coffee over to Quinn, and his hands were shaking as he handed the cup over. Of course, Quinn placed it right down onto the table. He knew Void was just trying to be polite but he didn’t drink that stuff.

It was at that point that Void started to realise all the different small actions of Quinn and certain other people on board.

"If you are wondering, I just drink blood and meat that has been cooked quite rare. We can also taste alcohol as well." Quinn said with a smile. "You can put that in your little interview if you want to spread the word out."

Quinn was trying to be a little playful and it driving home how people viewed them. The fact was even Void was scared of him right now, so he couldn’t imagine all the others that were out there as well.

"I assume Sam has already given you permission, so I don’t see any reason to revoke it.’’ Quinn sighed. The secret was out, so what was the worst that could happen?

"Actually I was kind of wondering about that, Quinn. We heard the news about Oscar, it hasn’t been announced yet, but are you going to go and try to save him?" Bonny asked.

After what had happened with Owen, Bonny and Void actually had paid a visit to him first, and Owen couldn’t shut up about the apparent miracle that Quinn did on him. How he had saved him when no one else could.

So they assumed that perhaps Quinn would be going to Oscar next, and perform something similar. Catching this on video would be sure to change the opinions of everyone around the world.

"Unfortunately Oscar’s situation is completely different to Owen’s." Quinn admitted. "I will certainly pay him a visit, and there are a couple of things we will try to do to help him, but we have already talked about it and we will make sure that nothing will be done against his will."

——

In order to travel to the Bertha ship where Oscar was currently receiving medical treatment, the Cursed faction needed to ask for permission and make them aware that they would be coming for a visit.

Of course at the moment the person who was incharge was displeased.

’You’re saying those Cursed bastards are planning to visit the Supreme Commander? Do they really expect me to comply when we know what they are?! What if this was all a plan, what if he strikes him on his deathbed or worse, he turns him into one of them?!’

’It could be the end of the human race as we know it, I have to put a stop to the two of them getting it.’ Innu worried.

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga