Chapter 1131 - The Green's power

If Quinn had claimed he wasn’t worried about the whole Vorden and Raten situation, he would have been lying. He was incredibly worried as he had no clue what had really happened to them, only Sil’s account on the matter.

Finally Shiro brought them the confirmation they needed, that the two of them were both still present in Sil’s mind. Now, everything they had done and everything they were going to do wouldn’t be in vain.

The one most happy about it was undoubtedly Sil. Ever since he was practically walking around the base with a hop and skip in his steps. He greeted everyone that walked past. It was almost like he had turned into a completely different person, on top of that, he would constantly ask Shiro, what Vorden said, and how he was doing, even asking Shiro to speak to him again.

Shiro would have been happy to oblige, but using his ability had taken a toll on him and Quinn had ordered him to rest for the time being. Every human was born with a certain amount of MC cells, and it looked like Shiro had almost hit his maximum with doing what he needed to do.

Still, Sil wasn’t the only one that was over the moon with this information. Little Borden was as excited that he would finally see his brother again. There was also other good news for him as the syringes of serum were able to be made from Logan. Right now it was just a temporary measure though. Logan was still trying to further improve on it, so that they could bring Borden back to his full size.

Finally, with all that done on the Cursed ship it was time for the group to move out again. The original gang who all knew Vorden was insistent that they wanted to come with Quinn. Logan, Fex, Layla, Peter, Sil and of course Shiro.

However, due to Wevil and Linda still being away with Alex who was crafting the Demon tier weapon, Quinn had asked Peter to stay behind once again.

"I’m sorry that it’s you again, Peter, but you have to understand I’m only asking you to stay behind because of how strong you have become. You’ve been training with Nate, right? Improving how to fight?" Quinn tried to explain the reason behind his choice.

Peter ultimately agreed to follow the order and was currently seeing Quinn and the group off as they were boarding a medium sized ship. One that would be used for commercial flights. They weren’t traveling far or heading into battle so it made sense for them to not waste resources.

"You know I was told that a normal Wight’s stats usually hit a limit, and that they are able to be as strong as the leader to a certain extent, but you keep on improving and you are just as strong as me. With your healing abilities and if you carry on improving your martial arts, I think anyone that tries to take over this ship will regret it." Quinn said, giving him a few pats on the back.

In the past Quinn used to be worried about Peter a lot, especially after turning him since his personality had changed quite a bit, but lately, as he got stronger bit by bit, his friend became able to display more emotions, and he could tell these few words that Quinn said had pleased him.

Regardless, whether Quinn said them just to please him or not, he was very serious about his words.

"Take this Quinn, maybe you’ll need it." Peter said as he handed over the Mud mask, Peter’s soul weapon. "You don’t have to put it on straight away, and who knows when you might need to use it. People don’t exactly like us at the moment."

Of course, Quinn took it and thanked Peter for the gesture. It was indeed a valuable item and thing to be able to change into another. Using his shadow, the Mud mask was one of the things that could be stored just like any other regular item, so Quinn could equip it on when needed.

"Just wondering, don’t you have to decide who will disguise me as before you make it?" Quinn asked.

"It was.....what was his name again?" Peter thought. "Bucky."

Quinn smiled, and gave a wave to Peter as he walked towards the ship.

"I think it’s Chucky."

There were two more that were on board that weren’t exactly a part of the Cursed crew. There was Bonny and Void, who wished to doc.u.ment everything he was doing, at least him meeting Oscar.

The ship was off and started to head to the Bertha ship that Oscar was apart on. The message had been sent and the Earthborn group had already accepted their request. Getting some information from Sam. The Demi-god tier humanoid beast had been discovered on one of the Earthborn planets.

’Just our luck that the Demi-god tier had to have been found on an Earthborn planet... couldn’t have been one belonging to the Cursed faction or the Greylash.’ Quinn sighed internally.

Although the good news was everything they needed to do was close by.

During the trip, Bonny and Void were looking over the video that they had uploaded. It was doing well and was currently the most watched and hot topic at the moment. The small little doc.u.mentary they had done on the Cursed ship, asking about how the crew had felt living alongside the Cursed faction’s V. The only problem was, the comments weren’t’ exactly positive about the whole thing.

"Of course those from the Cursed faction are going to talk good things about them."

"Maybe they have some blood plant going on where they take their blood, or they’re being forced to give those types of answers."

"What was the point of this? This whole thing feels like propaganda. Why are we just getting the view of the people from the Cursed ship? Did anyone else notice that the leaders hardly said anything?"

The Cursed faction was a strange group that always seemed to gather attention in one way or another. There were always people that felt their methods were contradictory so they didn’t have the perfect record. Bonny honestly wanted to change that, but one video alone wasn’t enough.

’The whole world is watching and wanting to know what you will do next, Quinn. You need to make them believe you can help them.’ Bonny thought as she looked towards him.

Finally, the ship had arrived in the area of where the giant Bertha ship was, and it could be seen ahead, but there was something strange going on. As a fleet of sh.i.p.s had also come straight towards them, around ten small ones. These weren’t regular sh.i.p.s either, or a commercial one like Quinn was currently flying with no weapons, these were ones that were agile and used for combat.

Then in front of them, there was a larger ship that was currently a quarter size of the big Bertha one. It was what the military had used in the past before the Bertha to transport a number of troops.

"This is Sergeant Malkuris of the Earthborn group speaking. I have been instructed by Head General Innu for you guys to make a little detour before heading to see the supreme commander. Please land on the ship in front of you beforehand."

Looking at the situation Logan went to console and looked at the radar around them. They could see that the fleet of sh.i.p.s went from the front and began to surround them in a type of circle.

"Quinn." Logan turned around to tell him that this whole thing reeked.

"I know, something is up." The other casually replied. The two of them were already making preparations to prepare for what was about to come. As Quinn went to grab something from a different room.

Then, all of the sh.i.p.s had finally circled around them. The lasers had lit up from each of the sh.i.p.s as they powered on.

"I will get rid of the V!" Innu shouted. "Fire!"

Seeing this, everyone on board was in a state of panic. Right now they were in the middle of space. If the ship was destroyed and they got shot down, they would all die in an instant. They needed to protect the ship, or Quinn needed to protect the people at all costs.

’How the hell do I do that!’ Quinn though, while he was still in the middle of getting ready.

"Doesn’t this ship have any weapons?" Void panicked as he ran up to the command console as well, but it really was just a commercial flying vehicle. Since they were travelling to a friendly zone, Logan had suggested they keep all the battlesh.i.p.s on the Cursed faction.

"Don’t worry Quinn, I can deal with this one!" Logan said, as his eyes started to light up green, and a light was shining from his c.h.e.s.t as it went all over his body.

’Is this, Logan’s soul weapon?’ Quinn wondered. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

*******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga