Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1132 - Logan activate

With the amount of lasers that were pointed towards them, their small little ship would be destroyed in an instant. Quinn could probably save himself somehow using the shadow ability and at most a few others. However even that was a big if, and he didn’t intend to leave anyone behind.

"These bastards, why are they attacking us?!" Quinn shouted in anger. He had already expected Innu to pull some stupid stunt to harass him, but he hadn’t thought a head general could be crazy enough to outright execute the visitors.

Quinn quickly went to grab one of the space suits. It was quite fitting to the skin allowing the person to move about as they would do on earth, They also used a special jet pack of sorts on the back, that would allow for movement in space as well, but still the moment wasn’t quite the same, and it would be near impossible for a single person to go fighting them all, but Quinn had to do something.

After putting on the suit that was all white in colour, he came back out and could see Logan at the console, his eyes glowing green, and the centre of his c.h.e.s.t glowing.

’It’s his soul weapon.’ Quinn thought.

When the light diminished, Logan’s hair was standing up and his eyes lit up green. His soul weapon was an enhancement type, which powered his abilities greatly and due to his ability it was quite unique in its own way.

"Quinn, I’ll help you out!" Logan shouted, and soon Quinn was seen going through the airlock space, and exiting out of the spaceship. He quickly used the jets to propel him forward, and climb himself up onto the ship landing there.

’Damn it, it would have been useful to have learned how to use this thing during my second year of school.’ Quinn regretted not having had this opportunity, as he slightly overshot where he wanted to go, but seeing a piece of the ship sticking out, he was able to grab on and pull himself forward.

A normal person with their strength wouldn’t be able to hold on, as the force from the jet pack was too strong, but Quinn managed to do so with a single hand. He pulled himself forward to see all the sh.i.p.s surrounding them, but he noticed something else as well.

The outside of their ship was almost transforming into something. It started to resemble one of Logan’s robotic spiders and then started to take shape in the form of a turret. This didn’t just happen in one area but multiple areas.

Back inside the ship, Logan was concentrating hard.

"Bring me as many beast crystals as possible, I need to use them to power my weapons." Logan instructed, and Layla and the others were moving as quickly as they could as they headed into the storage to bring out the crystals.

Logan had figured out how to use his soul weapon a while ago, but the problem was it didn’t seem that useful so he didn’t really know how to use it for combat. His natural ability already allowed him to communicate with machinery and order them around.

Which was why he could show great power when he was surrounded by different types of technology and made it so his suits were made up from the small spiders. However, he couldn’t do the same with other equipment.

He couldn’t change or transform a computer into something else. His soul weapon allowed Logan to have complete control of the matter that he was touching, and also to turn it into a computer like system.

With Brock the two of them had practiced, to find a way this could be used. The easiest thing that Logan could do was to transform something electronic into his little spiders and then use them to form into something else. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Logan always had his own type of computer system with him at all times in the form of his suits. Which carried vital information with him wherever he went. He had multiple blueprints and designs of things he wanted to create.

Simply bringing up the blueprint and commanding the robotic spiders, Logan could turn these into them. What he also found was just like his suits which could be powered using the crystals, as long as he was touching crystals, he could also power whatever the small spiders turned into.

Temporary giving them the same effect. Whatever his spiders created, while holding the beast crystal it would essentially be the same level of beast gear for it.

On top of that there was one more thing his soul weapon could do, and that was transform non objects temporally into computerised objects. Something as simple as a book he could turn into a computer system to then be broken down into the spiders, either adding it to his own suit to create something significant or more.

This would use up more of his MC cells though, and would mean he would have less time to control things. For this reason, while he was on the ship that was already controlled using a computer system Logan was completely in his element.

He had transformed it to create five cannons, to combat those that were against them. He also changed his suit into a fourth form, which created a large thick tube on his back that would directly touch his skin as well.

This form was for when he was using his soul weapons. The others were placing the crystal into this tube and Logan was able to use the power of them all. As soon as the enemy fired out there shots. Logan did as well.

They both hit mid-space causing huge explosions. The attack was a little too close to the ship and it looked like they were going to get hit slightly, but with Quinn at the top, he had spread his shadow all along the ship, covering it from the explosion, then soon let it go again.

’If I didn’t have as many MC cells as I do now, this probably would never work, and what the hell is Logan’s soul weapon?’ Quinn thought.

Still, they needed to focus on the problem ahead of them. The sh.i.p.s were too far for Quinn to hit with any type of attack, and the cannon’s seemed to be equal in power.

However, when Quinn noticed that some of the turrets started to turn into something else, something Quinn recognised quite well.

’Are those... Mechs?! Is Logan controlling unmanned mechs now?!’

Half of the turrets were still on the ship, while the Mech’s began to fly into space. While Logan was continuing to fire shots after his first attack, the shadow from Quinn could protect them like some type of shield, and the mechs could do the rest.

This made it so the enemy had to focus on one of two things. Either firing off and hitting the Mechs that were flying about, or the Cannons. No matter which one they would choose to focus on, the other would destroy their ship.

This had worked out perfectly. Some of the sh.i.p.s started to move to avoid the Mechs, but then a shot from a cannon destroyed it.

Quinn was blocking some of the shots being fired from the other sh.i.p.s with his shadow, while Logan continued to fire, controlling everything at the same time.

Since Logan’s ability allowed him to communicate, he could program the mechs and turrets to act in a certain way, so there wasn’t too much control he needed to expand on this part, other than the distribution of energy.

Eventually this continued, as the fleet’s sh.i.p.s were destroyed one after the other, and finally only the large ship remained.

"Logan, can you hear me? Dock on board the large ship." Quinn ordered. "Bring back the Mechas. Let’s take down whoever pulled this crap on us in person!"

Everyone inside the ship, as they watched what had happened, were relieved. They still couldn’t believe how they had just managed to get out of that pinch. As for Bonny she was worried because she had never heard Quinn sound so furious before.

’I remember what Arthur told me. I can’t allow myself to remain soft to the people who actively try to kill me!’ Quinn reminded himself, as the ship rushed forward. It looked like the two were going to crash, but with Logan in control and with his soul weapon out, it seemed he could do all sorts of things.

As it slowed down and the two of them were connecting. Logan could override the other ship’s system, and forcefully opened the docking bay. Then finally they had finally landed inside.

Still on top of the ship, Quinn looked at all the panicked workers who were inside.

"SPEAK!! WHO THE HELL ORDERED THIS ATTACK?!" Quinn demanded to know.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga