Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1133 - An upgrade in powers

Inside the ship, many of those around Logan wanted to hug him as he put his soul weapon away. He was kneeling on the floor, gasping for air. In fact, Fex actually went up and hugged Logan in a bear-like grasp.

"We made it man, you are the coolest little guy out there!" Fex said, but it was clear that his shaking of Logan was just making him sick, and Layla eventually had to tell Fex to stop.

"I hope that idiot didn’t shake you too much," Layla said as she placed Logan in one of the operating seats near the command centre. "Seriously though, you were really amazing. I’ve never seen you do something like that before. Was that your soul weapon?" She asked.

"Yes, any object I can control with my body, after breaking them down into my little machines. They can then be used to create whatever blueprint I have." Logan explained. No matter how tired he was, he was always willing to tell people how his little inventions worked.

"Wait, anything? So those little mech robots we saw, could you have created a bigger one, or even made the whole ship into a giant fighting Mech!" Fex shouted, still having not calmed down.

"Yes," Logan replied. "The only reason I didn’t was because everyone was still inside. I can use those robots to even improve my suits, just as long as I have the crystals to back them up. I guess it’s an advantage because I can keep changing the forms, unlike when beast weapons are produced, but a disadvantage since the beast crystals energy will be completely used up."

They understood what Logan was saying. They could see that the crystals they had given Logan no longer had the bright glow they usually would have. They were the crystal that was also meant to power the ship as well.

While everyone was busy celebrating, the ramp could be heard being dropped from their ship. Two people on board were eager to go out. Bonny and Void who had their camera and his drone rolling.

"What are you doing? They just tried to kill us?" Shiro said, still not understanding why the Earthborn group would have attempted such a thing. He was a little afraid to step off the ship.

"That’s why we need to catch everything," Bonny replied. "Quinn is still out there, and if I was him, I would be pretty pissed at what just happened. If that’s the case, then who knows what is going to happen to whoever is responsible. If we don’t get the truth out, then the world will only know that the Cursed faction had attacked the Earthborn when that is not true at all."

"Don’t worry about that," Logan said, having recovered a little as he got up from his seat. "This ship has an auto-record function. I thought something like this might happen eventually. I managed to record everything. Including their voices on the intercom before the attack. I’ll pass you the video along, and you can make a nice edit."

With the ramp down, everyone decided to head off the ship along with Bonny and Void, and they could see Quinn standing there with his shadow behind his back.

Fex was carrying Logan on his back. They couldn’t leave him behind in the state he was in. He had his Dalki hand, but who knows what could happen.

"Is no one going to answer me?" Quinn asked, his voice echoing off the metal. "You just attempted to take our lives, and I can’t even see the person responsible?"

The men were unsure how to act at that moment, but there was one thing for sure. The fleet they had just sent out, all the men on board had been killed, and they knew what Quinn was. They started to remember the speech Innu had given to them all beforehand.

"They are not like us! They are not human but V!" Innu said. "If you give them a chance, they will take not only your life but that of your family as well without a second thought! Look at what happened to Oscar, to Sach. This was all because they chose to trust the V!"

Due to these words ringing in their head, they immediately started to attack with their multiple abilities. The Earthborn group was composed mostly of the original military personnel, so the majority had the once military exclusive earth ability.

"A monster, we can’t hurt him! He’s a monster!" They shouted as they continued on.

Quinn then looked at them all with his eyes glowing red and was suddenly in front of two of them up on a ramp above. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Sleep!" Quinn commanded. The two felt drowsy as something took over their heads and collapsed to the floor.

"Get out of the way!"

"Move!"

Quinn continued with simple commands as he walked from the docking bay and continued to head towards the command centre. He would continue to use his Influence skill controlling each one of them while at the same time not lifting up a finger. Only the shadow would be used to stop the attacks.

"Hey, are you getting all of this? He is somehow able to control them all with just simple words." Bonny whispered over to Void.

She was worried how this would play out if the world saw how strong Quinn was, but at the same time, something else stood out as well, and it was the fact that Quinn hadn’t hurt a single one. He just had just incapicated them via his orders.

[Your Influence skill has levelled up]

[The skill can now be used in a wide range]

[Its effectiveness depends on how close one is, how fearful they are, and the user’s charm stat point.]

It was a skill Quinn didn’t even know could level up, part of the reason he hadn’t used it that much in the first place, but on this ship, he had used it more than he had expected.

’It’s a bit vague with its explanation, but let’s see how it goes.’

Finally, he had arrived in front of a sealed door that led to the command centre, but with Logan, it didn’t matter; he could unlock it. Even if they couldn’t, Quinn could bash it open with his fist.

As the door was unlocked. the open area of the command centre could be seen. Inside, there was Innu in his full beast gear surrounded by ten men, ready to use their abilities and weapons.

"Attack him!" Innu shouted.

"Everyone, lie on the floor!" Quinn commanded, with his eyes glowing red, and in an instant, everyone in front dropped to the floor, as if an invisible weight had been put on their shoulders.

All but one. Innu was resiting the command, his legs shaking.

"You can stay up," Quinn said, looking towards him.

"Haha, I knew you were like this. I knew it was right to try and get rid of you!" Innu said, looking at them all. "I’m trying to save all of our lives. I will gladly sacrifice myself and all these men again if it’s to save the human race!"

"Has something gone wrong with him?" Shiro said as he could tell something wasn’t quite right. It was like he was almost purely afraid of Quinn and the others.

"From the first time we met, I’ve never liked you," Quinn revealed. "But back when the Dalki attacked, before you knew what I really was, you had come by my side and helped me fight them. We both worked together side by side, killing the Dalki."

"What’s so different now? Shouldn’t the enemy of your enemy be your friend? Why should it matter if I’m human or not?" Quinn asked.

"Isn’t the answer obvious? You were working with the Dalki! Who would believe you could kill that many? Now I also understand, why you came to the school! You knew they were going to attack. You even told us beforehand! I should have known then. That fake Richard Eno you sent... the two of you... no, ALL THE V MUST BE WORKING TOGETHER!" Innu shouted and continued to laugh while shaking in fear.

He knew at this point that he could do nothing to stop Quinn.

"Back then, I saw you save the children and help me fight against the Dalki," Quinn said "Deep down, you must have thought to have done the right thing for the sake of humanity. I can’t exactly fault you for that."

For a brief second, Innu had stopped shaking as there was a sign of relief ahead.

Was Quinn really going to let him go? Maybe he had been too rash with this attack, but he could build up trust in the future. He could get rid of the V easier then. His only mistake had been that he had never expected them to fight so well in space, but as long as he was kept alive, he could come back again.

"However, when you attacked our ship, you didn’t just go after my life. You went after the life of everyone on that ship. My comrades who are all dear to my life and I can not allow that to happen again!"

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga