Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1136 - The odds

After seeing how Innu reacted after finding out about what the V were, Quinn had been sure that most other people would share his underlying fear of the V. So much so that he never imagined that Sach would voluntarily ask to be turned.

Unfortunately, there was an underlying problem even if Quinn did agree to Sach’s request. He had plenty of spaces left to turn others, numbering 18 as of now. Whenever someone Quinn had turned died, one of the available slots would return to him as well. Turning Innu hadn’t caused any problems in that department, but the troublesome fact was that he had no way to control what Sach would turn into.

’You were a little lucky when you turned Innu, but you can’t guarantee that Sach will turn into a vampire as well. He could turn into something else.’ Vincent cautioned Quinn, just reconfirming his worries.

During the mass turning of Paul’s men one of them turned by Quinn had ended up a Wendigo, and they had no choice but to put him down before he could cause any damage to those around him. From his experience the most common results were Halflings and Vampires depending on the strength of those turned.

Still, there had been a few who had turned into something different. In Innu’s case, Quinn had already been prepared to use his mind control to make him act a little crazy should he have turned into anything but a vampire.

The only rare form that could be explained away was something like a Dhampir, but so far Erin had been the only one which meant the chances were incredibly low. Either way, the problem was that there was no guarantee that Sach would turn into something that was more helpful to him.

"Sach, you are a skilful person and you taught me a lot." Quinn said. "I’ve used your techniques to help me get out of quite a few pinches lately. The thing is, there are a lot of things about us that the world doesn’t know or understand. If I turn you into one, it means that you will be thrown into that world."

A huge grin appeared on Sach’s face hearing these words. "The fact that you said that, means you can heal me if you turn me, you’re just worried about what comes after that fact. Quinn, look at me. Does it look to you that my life could be better if I stay in this state? Whatever happens to me, I can’t imagine it being worse than not being able to help the people around me. No matter the result, I won’t blame you!"

Putting himself in Sach’s shoes Quinn would have requested the same. He often wondered what would have happened if he would have had a choice in the matter of accepting the vampire system. If Quinn had been asked whether he wanted to accept it, especially with what he knew about it now, if he would have agreed.

The answer was of course he would.

It was thanks to it, that he could play an active role in deciding humanity’s future. Something he always wanted to do.

"Before we do anything, I’ll explain everything to you, includings the risks, and only then should you make your decision." Quinn stated as stretched his shadow across the floor and it had risen in front of Void blocking the cameras view.

"I think that means he wants you to turn it off for now." Fex whispered to them.

Bonny looked at Void and nodded. They had already gotten a lot, and she couldn’t fault Quinn for wanting to keep some things hidden from the whole world. She just hoped that at some point she would be allowed to show these things.

At the same time, the two doctors were told to leave the room as well, with Nate escorting them outside and making sure they didn’t listen in.

"Some important things to note." Quinn started to explain. "Once I turn you, I will become your turner. That means you will be directly under me and part of my family. There will be a connection between us that you will be able to feel. If I order you to do something it will be nearly impossible for you to disobey, even if it might be something you might never do as you are now."

"The reason why I’m telling you this, is because of your position in the Earthborn group. If they find out I’ve turned you into a V I’m afraid it will sour our relationship with everyone. Right now, there is a good chance that Oscar and Samantha can’t recover, and I doubt they would be happy with you taking up such a position."

"So you want to keep this a secret?" Sach addressed the core of the issue. It was tough because if he did get found out, it would be natural for them to assume he had been a traitor all along and there would be no getting out of that one for him.

"Indeed, although in your case it might be easier than with others." Quinn replied. " I healed OWen with my Qi, and I can claim I did the same to you. You see, once I turn someone, their abilities disappear. Due to your ability being so unique the others shouldn’t notice that it has disappeared. On top of that, there is a good chance that if your ability is an original that you might still be able to relearn it, but I can’t guarantee that. As a silver lining, you will be able to learn another one if you wish, as long as you are compatible with it. Finally, for the last part, let’s talk about all the bad things that come with being a vampire."

Everyone was listening in carefully, Bonny and Void couldn’t believe the changes that someone would have to go through. Losing the ability one had built up for so long, would be heart crushing for many.

Quinn went on to explain, about the bloodl_u_s_t he would feel, how they would help him with that, he then later whispered how they would overcome the weakness of the sun. The reason for whispering this was because he still couldn’t fully trust the reporters that were behind him, and if they knew about this large weakness it would be trouble for them in the future perhaps. The last thing the two of them talked about were the possibilities of what he could turn into.

"I see." Sach said after taking everything in. "So you can’t just go around changing people as you like. The bad types of vampires...have you ever seen someone turn into them before?"

"Yes." It was clear that this one single word was connected to painful memories, but he needed to make sure that Sach knew what he was getting into. It would also be unfair to give him percentages of how likely it was to be turned into something bad or good.

"Let’s do it. It sounds to me that there are more upsides than downsides to this." Sach answered. "Perhaps I can surpass a point I could never before. On top of that, if I do become a vampire I can sniff out all the traitors that are within the Earthborn group."

Although this was something Bonny desperately wanted to report on, she knew for the sake of humanity, she shouldn’t. This would help the two groups come closer together. It was better for people to believe the Cursed faction leader was also able to help Sach get back on his feet like he had done Owen as well.

Initiating the blood ritual, Quinn did the same as he always had done. When the process had begun there was something different this time compared to all the rest before. There was no screaming coming from Sach on his part.

It was clear he was in pain, but fighting throughout it, he didn’t want to make any noise.

’He shouldn’t become a ghoul or a wendigo, but I can’t guarantee that to be the case. Most likely if he is like Leo, Paul, and Innu, then he should turn into a...’

[Blood ritual successful]

[You have successfully blooded a vampire]

The tension from Quinn’s face was gone, as he saw the successful sign, and that there was going to be no trouble from what Sach would turn into.

"You have a really strong will, all the others screamed at the top of their lungs when they were turned." Quinn praised him.

"With that kind of willpower, I’m sure it should be easier for you to fight against the craving for blood. Take this." Quinn handed him a flask that appeared from his hand through the shadows. "Drink a little bit of I , and you should start feeling better. It doesn’t look like your body has healed yet. Drinking a little bit at the time will help with your control. At first, you will want to gobble the whole thing up with the state you are in now, but if you can resist it, then in no time you will have no problem being around others even when blood has been split."

The group were quite pleased and glad that they now had another strong new ally that could probably help them just as much as Paul and Leo did, maybe even more so working in the Earthborn group. Just as they were getting ready to leave, Sach called out to Quinn.

"Please, try your best to save Oscar, but honestly with the state he is in...you might not be able to." Sach said.

All of them had left the room, and now it was time for Nate to lead them into the next room. He typed in the code by the oval door once more, and there they could see it instantly. A large glass tube, similar to what the Dalki had been kept in. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

They could see Oscar’s head floating, and his life’s heart beating, with only half of his torso remaining. With the state he was in, it was questionable if he could even be turned.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga