Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1139 - Switching bodies

It took a while for Shiro to process what Sil had just said. What exactly did he mean by 'his body'? Whatever it was, he had certainly caught his attention.

"Do you mean, you're going to try and use my ability to search for Oscar instead?" Shiro asked, still a little confused. He did know that Sil could copy his ability, and amplify it by using the MC cells from other powerful users.

"That won't help in this situation. Your ability is too unique. It doesn't share any similarities to any elemental ability or anything else I've used before so I would have to learn how to use it from scratch just like you. You're the only one with experience." Sil shook his head as he explained.

"No your cra…it might have some problems." Shiro stopped himself mid way as he was about to say the forbidden C word among those from Blade Island. It was a warning that Quinn had given him, and he was glad he caught himself.

"Are you saying that you want to copy my ability, and then switch minds so I'm the one that is controlling your body?" Shiro asked to confirm whether he had correctly understood Sil's intention, since he considered the plan to be very risky.

Sil just nodded, in place. "I can guess that Quinn wouldn't allow this, so we have to try and do it without him. Look, even if it doesn't work, you need to practice your powers on human bodies, including moving their minds. It's not like a mind can just get lost. Worst case, I get put somewhere but you will still have the ability to help out."

Judging by how quiet Shiro was, one could tell that he still wasn't convinced to give it a shot. Sure, if it did work, Shiro felt like he could do something amazing, but he had already failed once. He was afraid that he would fail again and that something could happen to Sil if it did.

"There's already three of me in this body." Sil continued to persuade Shiro. "If you don't want to switch minds, then just temporarily go into mine. The worst case scenario then would be you being in my head and together we can always put you back. I know you want to help, and I want to help you Shiro!"

An internal debate was going on in Shiro's head, and that's when he heard a few groans coming from the side. It was Samantha as she was finally waking up after resting and getting some needed nutrients in her body.

"What happened, where am I?" She asked as she touched her head. Samantha had a huge headache and it felt like someone was pounding the inside of her brain with a hammer. Everything that she had put to the back of her mind was coming back to bite her at once.

Then when she saw everyone who was in the room, she started to remember what had happened again. "No. No, no, no." She repeated, readily shaking her head. It was as if saying that word over and over again might allow her to escape the reality she was currently facing.

The others ran to her side to try to calm her, but nothing they were saying or doing was having an effect.

"She's just going to hurt herself more if things carry on like this!" Fex sighed, as he bound her arms and legs with his strings, but through her struggling the needles from the drips had been displaced.

"I'll help!" Layla offered. At least in these situations she had a surefire way to deal with the problem for a short time. Seeing the fog above her head and surrounding her body, Layla consumed it all, placing it inside of her. Unfortunately, it wasn't a permanent fix. Hopefully as time went on they could help her quell the negative emotions that would be returning in due time. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Having absorbed her emotions, Layla now experienced the same pain as Samantha. As for the previously struggling girl, she felt at peace for a few seconds which was enough time for her mind to relax and once again return to sleep just like before.

"Is that going to keep on happening?" Quinn asked, frustrated that he had been unable to do anything for her father.

"Different people deal with trauma in a different way." Layla answered. "Honestly, she was already beaten down before all of this. I guess she was holding out still hoping in some way, but now…"

"Let's do this. Do you have enough abilities already stored up for your MC cells?' Shiro asked.

"It's become a habit since school, to touch people as much as possible so I can see their strength and what abilities they have." Sil replied.

"Wait, don't Quinn and the others have super hearing? Wouldn't they have just heard everything we said? How do we keep it a secret?" Quickly shutting his mouth, Shiro realised that their 'secret' plan had long since been foiled.

"Don't worry, I have been around them long enough to know how good their hearing is. One of the abilities I've obtained was Sound barrier. It's been active the moment I came to you." Sil replied with a light smile at Shiro's antics.

With the two of them agreeing, they left the room making an excuse that the two of them needed to go to the toilet. Quinn, seeing this, just thought it was a little cute, that the two were now attached by the hip together, although he did feel it was a little strange for kids that age.

'Guess girls aren't the only ones who go together.' Quinn thought, his mind occupied with other things.

Finally out of the room, they immediately headed towards where Oscar was being kept. There were guards standing outside the door, and Shiro was struggling with what they would do, but Sil didn't go into the room, and instead walked past the door and took a left turn down the hallway.

When Shiro followed, he couldn't see where Sil was, until he popped half his body through the wall.

"Another ability?" Shiro asked, thinking that it was kind of cool to be able to use so many different abilities at once. Deep down, as someone who had only recently learned an ability, one which wasn't really suited for fighting, he still wished he had learned the Blade's ability and this was just making him even more jealous.

"Alright, it's time." Sil said, walking up to Shiro and closing his eyes, unafraid waiting.

'Why is Sil so unafraid of doing this?' Shiro wondered. Still, Shiro had to remind himself why he was doing this.

Pressing his hands on Sil's head, they started to glow. Trying to do what he needed to do seemed harder than just entering one's consciousness, where he had to connect the two dark spaces in their heads together.

It was as if he had to activate his ability twice, and then shove one room into another so now they both shared rooms. Then when Shiro could see Sil, he tried explaining to him, asking him to move far away from each other.

When they were no longer at a distance where they could see each other. Shiro now had to also disconnect these two rooms.

When Shiro had opened his eyes, the first person he could see was him, or more accurately his own body that he just had never seen in this way before.

"It worked!" Shiro said, pointing and now looking at himself from all sorts of different angles. "So this is what it looks like when people look at me through their eyes. It's nothing like looking in a mirror at all. Do I really look so…wimpy?"

Sil looked at himself and could tell that it had worked as well, and just gave Shiro a thumbs up.

"I knew I could trust you. After all you were the person that promised to bring back Vorden and Raten."

At the same time, the alarms started to ring, the whole room started to slash red.

"Quick Shiro!" The others will be here soon.

As he said that, mere seconds later Quinn and the others had entered the room. They could see Shiro on the ground floor next to some type of control panel and someone else in the glass tub.

"What is Sil doing in the container?!" Fex shouted.

Touching Oscar's head his hands started to glow.

"Come on, this has to work!"

********

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it's only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga