Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1142 - After the same thing

The conversation with Oscar had left Quinn with quite a bit to think about. Especially the information he had learned from him about his past. There had indeed been times when Quinn had questioned his upbringing, the things he had been told and how his parents had left him with a book he had never seen or heard of before.

’Did Eno really support me during that whole time? It wouldn’t be the first time he had hidden things from me.’ Quinn wondered. Of course asking Eno was an option, but since Quinn didn’t fully trust him and the old man hadn’t come forward on his own to share that information, it would be safer to find out about his past as a member of the ’Talen family’ on his own. If he was unable to find anything in the end, it would mean he would have to prepare himself to confront Eno.

’I really don’t want to do that.’

Speaking to Samantha would be the best next step, although that would have to wait until she was in a better state of mind. He didn’t know how long it would take and the need to tell her that her father had requested to be put off life support would surely not expedite the process. Unfortunately, the Cursed group still had other things they needed to attend to. This short stop had turned into quite the event already.

’I wonder, is Richad still on the island? Or would his helpers have arrived by now? I could send someone to the island to look for him, but there is no guarantee he is still there. Mona has also returned to the place she was kept before, yet I have no idea where that is. Damn, why didn’t I make sure I had a way to reach out to him?’ Quinn thought, conflicted that he had completely overlooked that issue up until now. He was just so overjoyed to finally get rid of him.

He looked up to the others who had so far been waiting for him to speak and began to recount his conversation with Oscar. He told them all about Oscar’s wish and Void filmed Quinn conveying Oscar’s last words, while the remains of his body eerily floated in the background.

The reactions to this were mixed. Some were able to sympathise with how Oscar felt, while others, albeit not openly, chastised him for having given up too soon. To them it felt that as one of the World Leaders he wanted to run away from his final duty. As for Sach, he was full of tears and he swore to himself to do everything in his power to make sure the Earthborn group would continue to fulfill their duty, even without Oscar.

Despite Quinn wanting to move on, there were a few pressing matters that needed to be solved before they left, so he proposed to hold a meeting. Sach and Nathan, representing the Earthborn group both instantly agreed. Technically the two of them were also part of the Cursed group now, but in a way this would just make things easier to control and should ensure that no more incidents like Innu’s attack would occur.

Samantha had woken up again, but everyone felt it would be better to let her rest some more. As such, nobody had told her anything about this meeting. It took place in one of the many empty rooms of the sh_i_p_s, but it was apparent that this was an impromptu occasion. Some were leaning up against the wall, with most just standing as they talked to figure out everything that they would need to do.

"I think it’s a good idea, but we’ll need to find someone trustworthy to organise the rest of the Earthborn leaders for now." Sach said after they had come to a conclusion.

The plan they had agreed on was to have Sach board the Cursed Ship and stay there for a while. Sam would then get someone to teach him everything there was about being a vampire, controlling the bloodl_u_s_t, getting his sun ring and learning a few of his new skills.

It was the best place for him to learn all of these things. The excuse they would give was that there was a need to discuss the future of the Earthborn groups now that Oscar and Innu were gone.

"I can keep everything we said here a secret." Nathan said. "But what about the reporters? They will eventually have to break the news to everyone. It’s clear that they wish to show the Cursed faction in the best light but there needs to be a good timing for all of this. At the same time we can’t wait too long, otherwise rumours will start to spread and people will find out that way."

So much had happened, and so much shaking news would have to be shared with the public. Head General Innu trying to kill the Cursed group, turning out to be a V and perishing, yet that all paled to the revelation about everything pertaining to Oscar.

"The Earthborn group is still in your hands." Quinn stated. "I will let you and Samantha decide when she is full of mind. I think it would be for the best to only inform the public about Oscar, once there is a proper replacement for him. Someone the people will be able to accept."

"That being said, we will have to tell Samantha sooner rather than later if we want her to recover from this. We also need her approval to turn off the machines for Oscar. She at least deserves to say her goodbye to him, while he is still with us. As for the reporters, they should reveal the truth of what has happened with Innu first. That will keep the public busy for the time being."

"They have decided that they will be travelling back to the Cursed ship, just to film a few more things before doing so, I have left it down to them to coordinate with Sam. He is the best person to figure out the timing and what to show and what not to show."

With all the things worked out, the group were now moving on quickly. Bonny and Void had gotten on board one of the military sh_i_p_s to head to the Cursed faction ship alongside Sach. The Head General had left one of his trusted sergeants who would be working closely with Jane, Oscar’s top assistant in charge.

He had also requested to receive regular updates on Samantha’s situation, and wanted to inform her personally about Oscar’s choice. Before they left, Quinn checked the ones that were left in charge just to make sure they weren’t V. Even after sweeping the whole ship, they couldn’t find any at all.

Still, Quinn reminded them that it was possible they had someone with an ability that could control others. This meant they still needed to remain vigilant even if there weren’t any V on the surface.

For this reason Sach left one of his people behind to look after the base. There was no problem with that approach, since he would have been the next best person for the job anyway. After all, ever since Nathan had been asked to work for the Cursed faction, there had been a general dislike for him among those from the Earthborn group.

Everything was just better this way, and so the group was ready to focus on their original task, the hunt for the Demi-god tier beast.

Shiro and Sil had returned to their original bodies, and they were now all on the same ship they had arrived in. The reporters had left, but Nathan had chosen to accompany them.

"You guys will need to be careful once we arrive there." Nathan warned. "I know we’re all on the same side, but this shelter originally belonged to Head General Innu’s people. It’s a military shelter so there will be mostly military personnel and their family members. Even though the news hasn’t been spread publicly, I’m sure that someone must have already informed his people that Innu is dead. So don’t be upset if they start treating you a little rough."

Quinn pulled out the mask from his dimensional space and held it in his hand. It was the Mud mask given to him by Peter.

’I guess it might be time to use this. It would be troublesome to get into any more unnecessary fights. Especially against people who are meant to be on the same side.’ Quinn thought. After speaking to Oscar and having Sach on his side, he now felt that the Earthborn group was more so a part of them. They weren’t the enemy, there were just a few bad apples that had spread their thoughts to others.

"Also, they seem to be suffering at the moment. It’s one of the few planets where the shelter is still hunting and collecting crystals. But their collection rate has been dropping. On top of that they have been getting into skirmishes here and there." Nathan explained.

"Skirmishes, with people?" Logan asked, overhearing the conversation. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Indeed. For some reason there are members of Pure on the island as well."

The others looked at each other, and Quinn had a dreaded thought on his mind. According to Leo, Erin and some information from Brock. Pure were trying to create a beast they could control.

If this was true, did that mean Pure were after the very same beast they were?

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga