Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chapter 1146 Inspect skill secre

"Yeah, now of all times, you know what, if I put a bunch of freshly baked cakes in front of you, wouldn’t your stomach rumble? We practically starve ourselves every day to get used to this empty feeling." Fex said.

When Fex spoke, he was speaking quite loudly due to his anger. Layla was trying to get him to shut up, as there was a horrid look on the faces of the soldiers closest to them, to the point where they had their fingers twiddling over their blades.

"Hey, just leave some cake for the others, okay?" Quinn said, smiling at Fex. If they were going to be scared anyway, they might as well have a little fun with it.

Because of all the stares they were getting from the others, Fex, who didn’t need much sleep, had agreed he would keep an eye out for them while the others could get some shut-eye. Then in the middle of the night, Quinn wanted to do some investigating on what he had seen earlier. He was planning to see just what they were doing with all those beasts in that lab.

[Shadow cloak activated]

Quinn activated Shadow cloak, making it easy for him to escape and get out without anyone noticing him. It was the same for entering the facility. All he had to do was enter when someone else was walking inside or coming out, and that didn’t take long at all, as a beast was being carted and dragged by three men through the facility.

Following where they were taking the beast, eventually they arrived in a room, where a man in a white robe and heavy grey beard and hair had a digital tablet in his hand.

"This is the last one for today, Sir!" One of the soldiers reported and quickly left the room after.

The doctor went up to the beast in the cage, which looked like a giant dog the size of a tiger with bulging muscles and fur going along the top of its head all the way to its back. According to his Inspect skill, it was an Intermediate tier beast.

Quinn followed the researcher to the corner of the lab, where there was another beast. It also had the appearance of a dog, but it was half the size of the first one. It looked similar yet at the same time different. Using the Inspect skill he was told that this one was apparently a Basic tier beast.

"Let’s hope it works this time." The old man mumbled to himself, as he started to play with his two fingers, and hovered around the right spot closing one of his eyes as if he was aiming something. A second later and all of his fingers extending outward, piercing right through the Intermediate tier beast. Turning his hand left and right, the old man yanked his arm and held a beast crystal in his hand.

"Studying to see if the Crystals freshness affects the beast in any way." The old man spoke into a recording machine, as he went over to the Basic tier beast. As he got closer, the beast started to act more violent and wild, growling and attacking his case.

’Do beasts eat crystals then?’ Quinn wondered while looking at this site. It seemed obvious that the doctor was attempting to feed the Intermediate crystal to the smaller beast. Perhaps it was trying to do the very thing that Vincent had talked about with the Demi-god tier beast.

Seeing that the beast wasn’t inclined to eat the crystal, the doctor then started to close one eye aiming again for a certain spot. Then his fingers extended again, placing the crystal in a certain area that looked to be where the beast stomach would be.

After exiting from the beast with his fingers, the doctor had stitched up the beast using his long fingers. Even when the beast would try to hit them, they would stay there strong as if a baby was trying to whack away an adult’s hand.

"It appears that despite the difference in tiers, a single crystal of a higher tier beast is insufficient to force an immediate evolution in the lower tier beast. The Basic tier beast will be put under surveillance for the next forty-eight hours, to check for any changes indicating a possible evolution."

"Should there be no signs of evolution, the experiment will be repeated to see how many crystals are required for an evolution to occur. Personal thoughts; As of now it does not seem practical to use higher tier crystals for lower tier beasts. Using the crystals of the same grade might mean the process will take longer, but could be more cost effective." The researcher recorded his findings, before he yawned.

Soon after, the researcher left the lab, leaving Quinn alone with the Basic tier beast.

’Pure, Earthborn, it’s like everyone is running their own experiments. Some people might even think the Cursed faction are doing the same with vampires the way things are going on.’ Quinn thought.

He searched the room for anything of use, but it seemed like most of the information was stored on computers and more. It would have been more useful if Logan had been here instead of him.

Then there was the basic tier beast lying on its side and looked in great pain as it moaned there. It looked sick, unable to move, and only its belly was moving up and down.

’Maybe I should use my inspect skill again, it will tell me what state it’s in.’ Quinn thought.

[Inspect]

[Basic tier beast]

[Condition weak]

[Evolution available]

[Current progress 48 percent]

’The Inspect skill, it actually worked like that! This means that it’s true that beasts can consume other crystals in order to evolve, but I have no clue how many crystals they used. Even with the intermediate tier crystal, it didn’t evolve. But then why didn’t it show its progression the first time. Is it only after consuming the crystal and while it’s in this state that it’s being affected like so?

When first entering, Quinn had used his inspect skill on both of them. Both of the beast’s states were green in colour and in good condition. Now the beast was in a weak state.

Quinn looked around and pressed his ear up against the wall. It didn’t sound like anyone would be coming back soon, and the doctor even seemed to be done for the day. Because of this, he decided it was best if he just observed the beast for a little while.

In doing so, he had learnt quite a few things. For one, the beast evolution progress wasn’t yet complete as the percentage bar had increased during his observation. It had reached 52 percent. Then something strange happened.

Quinn could no longer see the percentage of the beast’s evolution when using his inspect skill again. Not only that, but the beast was now also recovering until eventually, its state was good again.

’This information, it could be really useful for us when trying to catch the Demi-god tier beast. If it really is trying to evolve, then it also means it’s not consuming the crystal immediately. Because during the evolution process, the beast appears to go into a weak state, but Longblade must already know this.

’Is this what he meant when he said he had a plan to trap the beast.

It seemed like this lab of sorts was filled with vital information. It wasn’t something that they had suddenly started to do overnight. Now he really wishes that he had brought Logan along, because there could have been heaps of information they could have learnt from this.’

Still trying to search for something, anything, he did come across something else.

Eventually, he saw a familiar device. It was circular in shape, with three buttons on the side, another recording device. Pressing one of the buttons, Quinn played back the latest message that had been recorded.

"Why do you people keep on killing us? This is not your planet! If you carry on, this whole planet will cease to exist! Go back, or I will make you stop!" Quinn heard the voice, only it didn’t sound exactly...human.

****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga