Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1148 The vampire boy“s dream!

The two of them entered the VR capsules and soon Fex watched a digital version of himself being created on the same field. As he turned around he could see the VR capsule behind him, his opponent standing on the opposite side of the field and everyone in the crowd including Quinn and the others.

It was as if a digital version of his body had gone outside. Soon the AR field started to generate new terrain. An orange dry desert with several large cannon openings and closings.

Then finally, the large mechs had been generated. Fex’ design had a slight red armour while his opponent’s was in blue. Fex excitedly leaped to the cockpit with no trouble and entered immediately.

"Did he just casually jump that high? It doesn’t even look like he’s wearing much beast gear?" The soldiers were wondering whether they were seeing things.

It was a grim reminder that Fex wasn’t exactly human.

Although Fex wore some beast gear at times, more often than not he would follow vampire tradition and forgo using it. It seemed to be ingrained in their mentality that the strongest weapon would be their own body. Using his powers would allow him to advance his blood control and skills without relying on equipment. Then if there was ever truly the need to use beast gear he would be even stronger than at his best.

Compared to Fex, Avion used the Mech’s legs to climb up to the cockpit that was located in the Mech’s chest area. Once inside, there was room for one to fully move their body. The Mechs that the VR machine were simulating were both top of the line.

In the past, one would have to learn multiple controls, and the ins and outs of each button, but these days the interface was a lot easier to use. As long as one put on a certain set of gloves and boots, they would be able to control it similar to their own bodies.

On the gloves themselves there were several buttons one could press and each one did something different. This was one thing every Mech user would have to learn, so Fex naturally had no clue what they did at all.

"Fex will struggle." Logan stated as he stood on the outside observing. "At least at the beginning stages he will have to get used to this new experience. Not only does he need to figure out what the controls exactly do, but he will have to familiarise himself with the Mech’s response time."

"Every Mech has a delay between one’s movements and the machine itself. The soldiers train to the point where this delay doesn’t really matter to them. A skilled Mech user is someone who is able to predict the others’ movements in battle and is able to react accordingly."

"Not only will Fex struggle with it, as a vampire his reaction speed is superior to a human’s. The normal delay should feel like an entirety to him."

For once it sounded like being a vampire was actually a disadvantage rather than an advantage.

With both fighters having entered their respective Mechs, a holographic countdown started at ten .

"Alright, let’s do this!" Fex shouted.

When the countdown finished, the first thing Fex did was press one of the buttons on his left glove. An energy blast left the palm of his hand hitting the ground.

"Okay that’s what that one does." Pressing the next button, Fex mech suddenly had a blade in its hand, and now in the cockpit there was a holographic blade as well.

"So cool, this is why we need to keep humans alive?" Fex giggled to himself, as he swung the sword about, moving his hands at great speed, and that’s when he noticed it. The Mech was moving far slower than he had expected. Inside the cockpit Fex had moved at his vampire natural speed, he had even finished his set of movements, and then the Mech emulated them later.

"Oh crap!"

While Fex was still trying to figure out the Mech, Avion was already on the move. He was no longer at his starting position. Seeing that Fex had moved the giant machine to a position where he could find cover, standing behind one of the large orange walls.

’Damn it, I can only hear what the giant robot hears! So I can’t locate where he is.’ Years of fighting with his supersenses it was hard to break the habit.

Taking a peak around the corner, for a split second Fex could see his opponent firing his way. He pulled back his head, but naturally, he hadn’t accounted for the delay yet, so the energy blast sent his giant robot flying through the air.

Moments later, he could see the blue Mech having jumped towards him with a blade in his hand.

Lifting his hands up, Fex tried to blast his opponent in the air. He was sure that the other would be unable to move mid-air, but using a thrust, Avion was easily able to avoid it all.

"Poor kid, I thought that your enthusiasm stemmed from being confident. Here I was looking forward to you showing me a good time, but I guess not!" Avion shouted, as he thrust his sword down.

Knowing what was going to happen, Fex had already pulled out his blade though, and swiped. He was slowly getting used to the delay, or so he had thought. His sword swung to the side, but the only thing it hit was air. The next moment Avion fell down and his sword pierced the centre of the cockpit.

The fight was over, the VR capsules opened up and a disappointed Fex left it.

"Hahaha, see boy, it’s not so easy, is it?! You didn’t even get a single hit on him?" One of the soldiers shouted in glee. "If all the people in the Cursed faction are this useless, maybe we don’t have to worry about the V after all!"

However, Avion didn’t share that opinion. His thoughts were still on the last move of their fight. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

’He would have hit me, if he had reacted a moment later. Was this coincidence, or did he know what he was doing?’

The crowd’s laughter and mocking continued at Fex’ expense as the vampire made his way back to his friends and colleagues. Since he didn’t react some of the rowdier soldiers started chugging items at him. However, Fex just moved his head slightly to avoid the water bottle. Soon a few more came, but he avoided them all.

No matter what or how many items were thrown at him, Fex didn’t even break into a sweat, but eventually he grabbed one of them midair.

"I may be useless in the giant robot, but I could beat you all in a fight anyday!" Fex shouted back, clenching the water bottle and bursting it into pieces.

At that moment, the VR machine had activated again creating a new field. This time it was the same forest that they had seen before. This would only happen when someone had entered the VR capsule, but who would do such a thing?

Until the other person entered the VR capsule, they wouldn’t see who had exactly entered on both sides, and they were wondering just what to do.

"Why didn’t you stop him?" Shiro asked. "You saw what happened to Fex. Do you think this would be any different?"

"Of course it will." Quinn replied leisurely.

At that moment Fex had returned and he noticed that one of them was missing.

He wasn’t the only one, the soldiers as well as Avion noticed the same. Quickly his peers were cheering for their best pilot to teach them another lesson.

The pilot had no problem with that. He turned around and entered into the capsule, and the soldiers began to cheer him on even louder than before. Finally the machines started to do its thing as it created digital copies of the two of them.

That’s when the whole crowd could see what looked like a middle school boy out on the field.

"It might be a different story for anyone else, but how can Logan lose when it comes to a fight in machines?"

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga