Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1152 The faction of monsters

There was no need for Logan to completely change into his speed suit, as Layla wasn’t as fast as the other vampires. Changing into another form now would just frighten those she ran past. Right now, she was using Qi on her feet to allow her to run faster to catch up to that mysterious man. Not wanting to fall behind, Logan created a pair of speed boots for himself out of the spiders.

He was keeping up with the girl with relative ease and soon enough he saw who it was she was running after. For Layla to be chasing after someone like so, he could only assume it had something to do with Pure. Eventually, the man had disappeared between two large buildings into a dark alleyway. For a second Layla waited outside of it, she might be desperate for information, but she wasn’t foolish enough to just run in.

’I know this is a trap... but I need to know why... Why did Mom treat me like a tool for her whole life? It was always ’for the greater good’ this, and ’for the sake of Pure’ that, so then why did she give it all up at the end? The childhood I never had... everything was because of Pure, yet I don’t even know the reason why she started it.’ Layla thought. She had struggled with herself with what to do, but soon felt her legs walking. As she cautiously entered the alleyway, afraid the man would just run away. For a brief moment, she wouldn’t even mind getting captured by Pure, as long as she could find out the truth.

Contrary to her fear, the man had stayed there. He was leaning up against the wall in plain sight, as if he had expected her to always come. In fact, he had turned around, revealing a full set of beast gear and a sword by his side. He then pulled off his robe to reveal a number on his shoulder. One that displayed the number 11 in black ink. A tattoo that was wide and thick, a proud symbol.

’Double digits, but not too far off from being a single Agent. Just how much manpower has Pure sent here? and why would you tattoo your own agent number on yourself? What happens when he ranks up or ranks down?’ Layla wondered, taking a step back.

The man had a mask on, one of a clown which was fully white with a large red nose. It covered his face but where the mouth was located one could see his mouth and tongue. He started to laugh out hysterically, like a mad man, echoing through the alleyway.

"I’ve heard about her having an incompetent daughter, but how much of an idiot can you actually be to follow me into a place like this? Are you just trying to cause trouble for your new group? Or do your mommy issues really affect you that much?"

Number 11 pulled out his sword, which had a red hilt on the bottom, and suddenly flames started to flicker as it was activated.

"You know, I hated your mother for the longest time, she was always so uptight. Thought that her way was the only right way. She got in the way of not just Agent 2, but nearly all the other leaders time and time again. There were so many things that we wanted to do, but she just had to get involved. For some reason, 0 had a soft spot for her, so we had to be careful."

"In the end, we didn’t even have to use our plan to get rid of her, but seeing how her daughter is still very much alive, I just had to act. Do you have any idea how many times that bitch punished me to ’correct my behaviour’? Claiming I went too far?! Well now she’s gone, so I’ll at least have fun with her daughter! And you know the best part of it? After I have had my fun with you, I can bring back your corpse and will be hailed a hero for getting rid of a traitor!"

This was new news to Layla, whenever she was at the Pure base everyone seemed to respect her decisions. Even the other single agents listened to what she had to say. She never knew that her mother was always seen as the enemy within Pure.

’How could that be, how did it even end up being that way?’ Layal thought

Powered by her strong emotions, Layla had enough. She quickly placed an arrow into her bow and fired it out. Agent 11 lifted up his sword, still laughing as he activated his Qi to block it.

’This will be an easy fight, she was never even ranked above fifty. Despite her being that woman’s daughter!’

When the arrow collided, neither one was giving in. The arrow was stuck mid air against his sword. Even activating the flames it seemed like they were unable to reach the arrows for some reason, eventually Agent 11 got pushed back, since the force of the two arrow’s were stogner than his.

’Using my ability with my Qi has gotten a lot better. I can increase the force even now.’ Layla thought.

"What? When did a lowly double agent like you learn how to use Qi? It was your bitch of a mother, wasn’t it? Ha, just wait until I tell the others! For being so uptight about rules and order, she actually taught it to you even though she was the one who had insisted that we only teach it to high-ranking agents!" No longer trying to block the arrow, Agent 11 moved to the side allowing it to continue going forward.

However, another one was coming towards his face, and without knowing about it, one was heading towards his back as Layla was able to control the direction of them both.

’He’s too overconfident because I was a low level agent, and I can use that to my advantage. I’ve got him!’ , Layla thought. At that moment though, the arrows fell to the ground. As two more men came out slashing at the wooden part of the arrow and stopping the attack.

Then, two more had appeared behind her.

"What a silly fool, you will die the way you were made!" Agent 11 laughed, as he charged forward with his sword. Seeing how now they were too close, Layla had no choice but to transform, sadly the process took some time so she needed to find a way to buy it against their group.

Smashing down one of the agents, Logan had arrived and lifted his metal plated arm to block the sword attack from Agent 11. Two more robotic arms had come out from Logan’s side by his ribs and fired energy blasts hitting the other two away. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Logan!" Layla shouted, but she didn’t have time to worry, as she turned around to face the two agents behind her and fired out two shadow chains. Locking them both in place. Now she had the time to transform into her second form. Horns grew from her head, her body grew slightly taller, and placing the bow away she now drew the sword by her side.

In her second form Layla had the strength of a vampire, which could even exceed that if fuelled by negative emotions. And right now, the girl was pissed, intending to make sure to at least find out what Agent 11 meant by stating she would be killed the same way she had been born.

The man could only think one thing as he saw the girl transform in front of his eyes, that she was a monster. He also didn’t understand how a regular person managed to block his Qi-filled attack with just a metallic arm. Soon enough he got an answer, as the casing from the arm fell off, damaged from the sword strike.

"I knew your faction housed monsters, but I didn’t know you even housed Dalki!" Agent 11 shouted in horror, as he looked at two monsters in front of him.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga