Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1158 Pure or Demi-god

The journey was set for Quinn and the others. At the moment, they were walking towards one of the temporary stations built around the Shelter. All these stations had soldiers guarding the outside of them. This was because they were where the special tubes were used to transport Mech’s and more, taking one to the sink spot locations.

What impressed Quinn the most was just how organised and well controlled the army was. The only person he could praise this for had to be Longblade. It seemed like everyone had great respect for him, even though it couldn’t have been long since he ran the place.

Most of these men weren’t even originally his. A lot of them actually belonged to general Innu.

"I must say you run a great place here," Quinn said, wondering just how he did so.

"Of course, these people know why we do what we need to do," Longblade replied. "We are the support for the main Earthborn group. Without us, there are no crystals for the war. In a way, we are the fuel that powers the engine. I make sure everyone knows the importance of their tasks. If we fail to produce, then it’s even worse for the others."

Hearing this made Quinn realise that the people worked so well because they all believed they were working towards the same goal. Defeating the Dalki was essential to the whole of the human race. Still, it was also crucial to make sure that everyone knew precisely their part and how it would contribute to the overall goal.

"Our group is the same Q...Bucky." Shiro corrected himself before he said the wrong name. "From what I have seen. Many of those in the Cursed had nowhere to go or felt like they had no purpose, but they are given a purpose when they are taken in. On top of that, we have a leader that cares for us, and it feels like he will do anything to protect us."

The reason Shiro spoke up was due to the look that was on Quinn’s face. He could see he was in deep thought after hearing this.

"Are you talking about Quinn, the Cursed faction Leader?" Rafer asked. The man who asked the question, full name was Rafer Lyle. He was a large man who wore a heavy set of armour from head to toe. His shoulders were nearly as broad as the length of Quinn’s whole body he was so big.

He was one of the sergeants currently working under Longblade, and he was one of the few who did not quite have a bladed weapon. On his back, he had what looked like a lance. However, rather than a single point as its attack. The lance had four-bladed edges that ran down to the tip. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"I have heard a lot of things about him, about how powerful he is. A man of that strength, I would love to see him fighting up front." Rafer said with a big smile.

"But isn’t he a V?" Another soldier asked, who was originally a high ranked A class female traveller called Joy. She was on the opposite end of the spectrum, wearing light armour, and had two thin blades on her back as well. "Did you guys even know about it before the announcement was made? I just don’t know how I would feel."

While saying this, Joy also looked towards Layla, as she was one of those reviled on the broadcast. Longblade also looked at Bucky as he was sure he was a V as well.

"Some of us knew about it for a long time," Sil answered surprisingly. "It hasn’t changed anything in the group. It’s really annoying how your people look at us as well."

Frankly, nearly everyone was getting tired of how the others looked at them. Even now, when they were walking with Longblade they would get stares.

"He’s right," Rafer replied. "It shouldn’t matter, and I think if we can work on this together, it will prove that the Cursed faction are nothing to worry about."

Finally, they had reached the station, where a strange vehicle was waiting for them. It was mostly clear on the outside and shaped like an old fashioned car. Longblade was the first to get on, and the five men behind him followed. Then Nathan did along with the rest.

The vehicle itself had seats for them to sit on and looked large enough to fit around a hundred people. So there was plenty of room for them all. Then, the vehicle started to move all on its own down the long tube. Now they were travelling down the large hill, exiting from the Shelter where it was placed on a hill heading straight for one of the sinking spots.

"Okay, I guess it’s time for me to explain what is going on," Longblade said in a loud voice as he stood in the middle. "The Demi-god tier has been found in one of our mining areas as usual. We have cleared all of the destroyed mechs as well as all of them that were mining there.

"The sinking spots have their own natural tunnels below, as well as the large areas we have excavated, but other than that, there is nowhere for the beast to run. After clearing out a mining area, it seems like the beast goes out to eat in one of the other areas. We have planned a trap, so we have put various beasts in different sinking areas near the mining area where it was located.

"These tubes with these vehicles are the quickest way we can travel to each area. Currently, combat mech teams have been sent to the other areas while we are going to the original area where the beast was spotted. We will attempt to follow its tracks, and if we get a report of the beast being spotted in another area, we are to head to these tubes and travel to its location."

Quinn understood why they were planning to do this. They were using the information they had already received from the lab. That the beast would be in a weekend state after consuming the crystals. Which was why they weren’t in so much of a rush to actually send the current team to where the beast would be.

It’s almost as if they wanted the beast to eat the crystals.

"This has been our plan for a while now, and we have been able to trap it on a couple of occasions. However, at the same time, Pure has gotten in our way just as we are about to battle with the beast, allowing it to escape. Before, we were initially going to be the ones to deal with the beast while allowing the Cursed faction to fight with Pure.

"However, I think you guys are quite dependable. So I will let you choose which one you would like." When Longblade asked this question, he didn’t look at Nathan like he would before. Instead, he turned to Quinn.

When the question was asked, Layla had tugged Quinn on his sleeve as if she wanted to say something.

"Feel free to discuss it with your group first," Longblade said. He could tell something was up and headed back to the others.

"What’s wrong?" Quinn asked.

"I wanted to tell you earlier, but I wanted to talk to you about Pure," Layla said. When she spoke, it sounded a bit painful.

"When I went off to meet with the Pure agent, it was because he said he could tell me something about my mother. I know you might not quite understand, but I want to know more about her? Why did she create Pure? What was her reason for doing all the things she did?"

What Layla didn’t realise was Quinn understood quite a bit. For now, even he wanted to know more about the Talen family, and why exactly the stone tablet had talked to him only. Curiosity was a strange thing and sometimes, one would go to great lengths to satisfy it, especially if it had family ties.

"You, Logan, I know you’re both right, but it’s still strange to ask you guys to get involved with my personal business. When it has nothing to do with you guys. How could I ask you guys to fight for me, protect me just because I wanted to know more about my mother? That’s why I decided to go off on my own. I know you would have done the same to Quinn, but what’s the difference between you and me?" She said as she paused for a bit. She knew the difference. The difference was in strength.

However, Quinn risked his life on numerous occasions, and she was willing to risk hers to find out these answers. It would be selfish of her to ask the Cursed faction to do the same.

"I just wanted you to tell me these things for a reason. My mother was one of the Founders of Pure, and to get my answers, those who are high-ranking in pure will know. The guy I fought against was called Agent 11, and he said that Agent 2 is currently here as well."

Quinn knew from battling with Layla’s mother Lucy and the single digit agents were strong. According to Layla, her mother wasn’t even in her position due to her strength, but it was because she was one of the founders.

One of the differences between the leaders and those that weren’t was that they knew all three Qi stages, while Quinn still only knew two.

"So you’re saying you want us to face Pure instead of going for the demi-god tier beast, or are you worried that maybe the Colonel can’t handle Pure if we leave it to them? Perhaps you want us to capture agent 2?"

Layla remained silent. She really didn’t know what to do. This might be the only chance they could capture a humanoid Demi-god tier beast. At the same time, when would they meet single ranking agents of pure?

They soon were coming up to the sinkhole, and Longblade stood up expecting an answer.

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga