Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1164 Undying Mech

A team of six Mechs exited from one of the transporter stations into the underground tunnels of Area A. Due to the large sizes of the Mechs, at most three could fit the entire width of the tunnel at once, so they proceeded in pairs, with one in the front and one at the back.

The one leading this particular group was one the best Mech pilots the world has ever been blessed with, Sergeant Avion. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

As they paced through the tunnel to silence their loud footsteps, a crash could be heard coming from the back. Avion immediately turned around to see one of the Mechs had stumbled and was currently on one knee on the ground.

’Damn it, I missed that rock there.’ Fex thought, since he was still trying to get a hang of how to use the giant robot. He had slowly felt like he had been getting adjusted enough so he could fit in with the others, but he hadn’t accounted for the change of terrain yet.

"What is wrong with you today, Private Kane?" Avion questioned him. "That’s the third time something like this has happened today. I understand you might be nervous because of the Demi-god tier beast, but it’s our duty to fulfill our mission! We won’t have to fight it, just keep it busy until the Colonel arrives! Now get up and keep up if you don’t want to end up as scrap metal for some wild beasts!"

A good pilot had to have a good set of muscles and a strong core and Fex met all those requirements. The vampire quickly got up though from the ground, his body not having any problems with the sudden G-force from falling, stumbling and moving in the Mech.

He didn’t like being yelled at, but after every mistake Fex made he made sure not to repeat it. He leapt up to his feet in the Mech, nearly hitting the top of the ceiling, leading Avion to just shake his head at the sight.

’Did he hide some booze in his cockpit and drink it to calm his nerves?’

Soon, the tunnel could be seen expanding into a larger open area. The blue crystals were a clear sign that this section still had yet to be completely mined. They lined the walls and the area in front of them. It would have made for a beautiful sign, were it not for the room full of beasts.

"Remember, the goal isn’t to kill them! We are just here to buy time!" Avion shouted as he drew his giant sword that all of the Mechs were equipped with.

Copying him, Fex did the same and paid close attention to Avion’s movements. The experienced pilot dodged the beast causing them to tangle up. He somehow also found the time to carefully block attacks and parry beast out of the way. At times he would be completely surrounded and would be able to use the perfect amount of energy to lift him in the air and get out of a tough situation.

Seeing him up close and especially when he compared him to others, the difference was clear as day. Avion made it seem as if the Mech was a living being, each of its movements connected flawlessly flowing one into the other.

’His concentration is unbelievable! How the hell can he move like that without making a single mistake?’ Fex was baffled, wondering if Avion might have an ability like Logan that made this feat possible.

The other soldiers that were with them weren’t bad, but they just weren’t on the same level as their leader. Their actions were somewhat fluent, but it was more as if they were performing a set routine. Whenever it was time to switch things up, there would be a small gap that some of the higher tier beasts started to take advantage of.

This was one of the reasons why Mechs had been paired up. If one made a mistake it was their buddy’s job to cover for them. Fex had to do the same with Kane’s assigned partner.

The next second he got a chance. Fex saw a slug like creature drop from the ceiling. Running forward Fex slashed the area above his fellow teammate with his giant sword. Dissecting the beast, half of its body fell on its team mates head spilling back blood over it.

"Goddamnit, Kane!" Avion shouted again. "Didn’t you hear me? We are NOT meant to kill the beast, our job is t-"

Turning around quickly, Avion could sense something behind him. Not because he had any ability that would allow him to do that, but because the beasts’ behaviour had changed. All of sudden they all had stopped attacking and turned looking towards an area of the room.

Even some of the beasts that had been fighting each other had stopped. They were not focusing on the Mechs.

When they all turned around they could see the humanoid figure. The colour of its skin was dark brown, with hints of blue reflecting from the crystals behind it. What stood out was the two green shaped square looking eyes.

As for the body itself, it was strange, parts of it were hardened, while others looked soft. It also wasn’t perfectly symmetrical, one of its shoulders was obviously larger than the other. It’s forearm on its right hand was significantly larger as well.

"You’ve come again!" The beast spoke with its unnatural voice! "When will you ever learn?!" it sounded like something was constantly in its mouth as it spoke. Clearly struggling to perfectly imitate speech.

At that moment the beasts seemed to be quite coordinated, as they had surrounded the entrance where the group had come from. The fighting between some of them had stopped and now it looked like they were being targeted by all the beasts around them.

"It’s the humanoid Demi-god beast!" Avion exclaimed. "It has to be the one ordering them."

The beast was a distance away, they were in one half of the room while it was in the other. Avion had no choice but to open the palm of his hand, and started to fire his blaster towards the Demi-god tier beast.

It stood there still, and raised its large arms which started to transform on the spot creating a large shield. The blast hit the shield, not even leaving behind a scratch on the beast.

Soon the shield had formed back into the arm once again. Seeing the blasters didn’t work, Avion started to run forward, but a group of the beasts blocked his path. Leaping up into the air, his Mech had its sword ready to slash the humanoid beast down.

"You’re not so scary!" Avion shouted trying to convince himself. However, the beast transformed its arms once more, this time changing it into two large blades. Avion’s blade was knocked away, with a single hand from the beasts despite it being half the size of the Mech. Then with it’s other arm free it thrusted and it slashed towards the Mech’s knees. One of the open areas that was hard to cover.

Luckily Avion had somewhat predicted this, and decided to fire his blasters towards the walls, pushing him back a little bit avoiding the strike.

’It knows about our weaknesses. Good thing we already knew about this from analysing all the other destroyed Mechs.’ Avion felt somewhat relieved, but there was one more troublesome thought in his head.

Why didn’t the beast aim for the cockpit? Surely it would be the easiest way to get rid of him, so why had it prioritised destroying the robot over killing him?

Behind Avion, the rest of the team were busy fending off the beasts, but it was far harder now that they seemed more coordinated. The remaining five had gotten into a circle formation and were firing off blasts hitting the beasts, no longer caring about their no-kill order.

Avon had done the bulk of the work and his fighting prowess had been equivalent to having four more Mechs with them. Without him, they were finding it incredibly difficult to hold them back, and worst of all they had already been fighting for a while. The users inside the cockpits would soon be running out of stamina.

Trying to catch his breath, one of the soldiers controlling the Mech placed his sword in the ground. He was huffing and panting inside. At that moment, a large dog like beast leaped up, aiming for the cockpit. Although the outside of the Mechs was strong, they tried to avoid the weakening of the cockpit as much as possible, after all if this part was destroyed they would be open for an attack that would take their lives.

Before the beast could reach, another sword came slashing down, cutting off the beast’s head. He looked up and saw the #3 on the Mech.

"Thanks, Kane, I owe you one!" The soldier thanked him.

The fighting continued on and on and beasts started to enter from the tunnels around them. Avion didn’t seem like he was making any progress and the soldiers were getting exhausted the more they had to fight.

It was nearly the breaking point for them after fighting for nearly over fifteen minutes non stop. Their heart was beating as if they were in a sprint. The only one that didn’t seem affected was Kane.

’Did Kane always have this much stamina?’

Then something strange happened, the cockpit of Mech #3 started to open and a person leapt out from inside. When they landed on the ground, the pilots saw that it was actually two people, but not anybody they recognised.

The beast leapt towards these two people, and soon they found themselves being wrapped in string and flung to the ground. The newcomer leapt over another one and punched the beast in the head, killing it in an instant. What was strange about the other person, was they had a black needle sticking out of their back.

Soon, the man they could see started to move at quite the speed and the two of them were dealing with the beasts easier than when they were in the Mechs, and strange lines of red aura could be seen once in a while.

’Piloting a Mech is fun and all, but this seems to be the only true way of fighting!’ Fex thought, as he continued to wreak havoc with his unwilling impromptu puppet.

*******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga