Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1167 Overpowered

It didn’t take long to see who had arrived in a quick flash. There couldn’t be many people who were strong enough to hit the powerful beast back like that suddenly. When hearing Shiro’s voice, Fex could soon see that the others had arrived as well. Layla, Shiro, Nathan and Longblade with his party of five.

Turning his head back to the front, short blonde hair could be seen.

"It was Sil," Fex mumbled.

"The Demi-god tier is present!" Longblade shouted, drawing his sword. The sword was a piercing dark black colour that looked to swallow the light around it. It didn’t look like a typical blade at all. It was still shaped like a katana, but it almost felt like it was repurposed to fit that role as if it wasn’t the blade’s original shape. Then there was one finer detail just under the small sword guard, the image of a single large eye with wings. "Pure currently doesn’t seem to be present, change of plans. We will ensure our people are safe and allow the Cursed to deal with the Demi-god tier beast. Rafer, you are to support the Cursed faction." VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

After the command was given, they all got into action as quickly as possible. Jumping to kill the rest of the beasts. Moments before they had arrived, a conversation had taken place as the vehicle was approaching the station for section A.

"If Pure isn’t present, then let me handle the Demi-god tier beast." The one who said these words on the vehicle, was none other than Sil. Everyone looked at him as if he was crazy. Was he simply asking to handle it alone? No, he couldn’t have meant that, so they assumed Sil was referring to the rest of the Cursed faction.

If Pure wasn’t present, they didn’t need the whole group to take on the Demi-god tier. At least that’s what they predicted.

"That is fine. There will be plenty of beasts still in the area that will need to be taken care of. We shall deal with them and then come support you after." Longblade replied. The reason he agreed was because he simply didn’t think that the Cursed faction would be able to deal with the Demi-god tier beast quicker than they could the other beasts.

It just made sense for them to all work together to then take it down. When they arrived at the station, Sil was off before everyone. Far faster than an average person could achieve and almost as if he had a speed ability that was at its peak.

That’s what led to the current situation they were now in. Sil stood there looking towards the wall where the beast was chucked into. It soon appeared from the wall with parts of its body falling to the ground, then oddly, the parts that fell started to be replaced, forming back to its original shape.

Its left hadn’t formed into the large shield, and its right hand turned into a blade.

"It’s a transformation skill!" Fex shouted, trying to give as much information as needed. "It can form its arms, legs, and any part of it into whatever it wants. I also think what we’re seeing isn’t its real body but its power!"

There was no time to explain further, but having seen Avion make the beast bleed, he could only assume there was a smaller body inside all of that dirt that it was covered in. It wasn’t quite like an earth ability power since it looked as if only a certain amount could be controlled, which was on its body.

Still, it looked like Sil wasn’t even listening. Soon he went in at an incredible speed. He threw out his fist, going for a punch, and the beast raised its shield. The fist collided into the shield, and although it didn’t break, it was pushed back, skidding across the floor.

It soon swung its sword, but Sil was nowhere to be seen and had already punched the beast from behind, pushing it forward again with great power.

"Annoying! Can’t you just leave this planet alone!" The beast shouted, now no longer using the shield but turning the objects into two types of whips. Swinging its arms widely, the whips were going all over the place.

Somehow, Sil was able to avoid every single one, as he moved quickly to different areas avoiding all the strikes. They would miss his face, duck down, going over his head, hit inches away from his foot. Once again, when he got close, he punched the beast in the stomach once more, sending him off and away.

"What is going on? How is that kid so strong? Do we even need to be here?" Rafer said in awe. To their surprise, there weren’t as many beasts as they initially thought. Fex and the soldiers in the mechs had dealt with most of them, and now they were all standing along the edge of the wall away from the fight, including Avion.

They thought that they would be needed to step in and help Sil, but it looked like Sil was completely overpowering the beast.

"Sil, he’s so strong," Shiro said, as everyone watched. It felt like if they tried to get involved, they would just get hurt. "He told me, he said if he was going to go against a humanoid beast that was strong, then he would need to make his body become superhuman.

"So he gathered the strongest abilities he could find that would reinforce his body. A speed ability, a strength ability, hardening powers, and then a few high-level ones to boost his MC cells, last of all, he even touched Longblade." Shiro explained.

Now they understood. With Sil’s powers, he combined the MC cells to have speed equal to Quinn, a strength equal to Qi users, and a prediction that far surpassed Avion. Because if Longbalde was able to see five seconds ahead of what was about to happen, then with Sil’s powers, who knew how far into the future he could see.

Still, there seemed to be a slight problem, but Shiro and Sil had already planned for this. After knocking away the Demi-god tier beast again. Sil quickly rushed to Shiro’s side. "Are you ready Shiro?"

Shiro nodded.

"Everyone, we might be away for a little while, but this is the only thing we can do," Shiro explained. "Protect us for as long as possible."

Sil had one problem, he had to hold back using his powers in the fight because the goal was to capture the beast alive, not to kill it. However, with its strong regenerative abilities, it almost seemed impossible. Which was why they had a plan.

Soon, Shiro walked along with Sil, and the two of them started to run forward. The beast had changed his small whips into a large one and swung it, covering the whole length of the room. It looked like a colossal battle rope was coming towards them.

Using his hardening skill, focusing it on the side of his body and strength, Sil slammed against it with his shoulder first and made sure he protected Shiro. The two then continued to move towards the beast. With the future site ability, Sil could prepare for anything coming towards them and stop anything hurting Shiro.

Finally, when they had reached the beast, Sil hit its two hands away to the side. Its legs were now enlarged as if it was getting ready to take off, but before it could. Sil slammed the shoulders of the beast, forcing his knees to bend and tumble.

"I am getting them back!" Sil shouted.

Now Shiro got between the two of them and placed his hands on both of their heads. Seconds later, the beast’s hands dropped to its side, and so did Sil’s.

The fighting had been put to a stop.

"What happened?" Longblade asked, confused about the situation. Why were three people just standing towards the back of the room? Was the fight over? Was it some ability they were using to capture it?

"They’re going to do it here?" Layla figured it out.

They had planned to do the mind transfer here and now, but it didn’t seem like it would be as straightforward as they thought.

"Just don’t disturb them for now, please." Layla pleaded. Not really wanting to explain what they were doing. If Earthborn knew, maybe they wouldn’t allow such a thing and would have another fight on their hands.

Longblade looked at them all, but he was just happy that it seemed like they had captured the beast. It had been a while, and the whole task was a lot easier than he had predicted, thanks to them.

They waited a few moments, and Layla expected them to be done by now, but something was clearly happening if all three of them stood still. The most important thing would be for no one to touch the three of them while the transfer was happening.

"Just what is happening in there?" She wondered.

"Everyone, someone’s coming!" Fex shouted, alerting the others. He could hear before the others the sound of footsteps. Coming out from the tunnel towards their right, they could see a man who wore a large black overcoat, with around eight of his men.

Agent 11, who was tied up and lying on the ground, could almost shed tears seeing this man. He wiggled and wiggled about because he was so happy.

"Now I see," Fex said, looking at agent 11. "That guy is your boss, isn’t he?"

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga