Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1172 Clash of Titans

Suddenly, the onlookers saw a third figure heading towards the center of the area where Layla and Agent 2 were charging towards. At first they could only make out the outline of the new challenger, making them wonder who exactly would be crazy enough to join the fight.

When Fex looked back, he discovered that the Demi-god tier beast they had come here to subdue had disappeared. No, more accurately speaking, it had just moved and was about to join the clash of those titans.

’Why didn’t it just flee? Now was the perfect time, so why does it look like it wants to fight?’ Fex wondered as he noticed Shiro collapsed on the ground. Sil was still touching his head while trying to recover or get over what was happening. He was dazed looking out of the room, and something in his head felt a bit strange.

"Sil, buddy, I need you to tell me what happened." Fex requested, while gently checking if he was okay. He was breathing, but his consciousness didn’t seem to have fully returned yet.

Layla and Agent 2’s weapons clashed in the air. The humanoid beast had stopped a few meters before that point, but instead it had skidded on the floor and sliced at the legs off both fighters.

In the end, a Demi-god tier beast was still one of the strongest beasts in existence and the power in its body was more than enough to overcome their Qi defenses, causing them both to stumble to the ground.

The next second the Pure leader felt a large shield whack him across the face and a kick in his chest followed. Everything had happened so fast, and so unexpected that Agent 2 honestly hadn’t even understood what happened.

The Demi-god tier beast slashed downward at the lying Agent 2, the Pure leader quickly thrusted his weapon a couple of times towards the beast, hitting him in the chest and shoulder. Although it had left behind circular holes in its body, a strange earth quickly formed over them again as if the attacks had never occurred.

Meanwhile, the Demi-god tier beast pierced Agent 2’s shoulder, and was cutting through his flesh drawing blood, but the sound of someone else approaching made it turn around its head. That’s when it could see who it was... and the sword strike aimed at its head.

Changing its arm into a shield, the beast blocked the attack, yet the strength behind the attack was so powerful that it had to remove the sword from Agent 2’s wound to use it to support itself.

"Stay out of this!" The beast growled, as it slashed at Layla’s sword, only to see her mouth opening. Instinctively feeling that it was in danger, the beast placed both of its hands together to form a giant tower shield, right before the flames hit it.

By the time the flames eventually died down, Agent 2 had already rolled to the side and gotten up. He looked to be in a terrible condition, but his posture made it clear that he wouldn’t run away from this fight.

"What the hell is happening? How has this turned into a three way fight between them all?" Rafer asked the question that was on everyone’s mind.

As someone who had personally fought against the humanoid beast, Avion noticed something about it was different. It was still undeniably strong, but its fighting style was completely different. Its movements flowed better, and if it could have been described as passive and careful about conserving someone’s life, now it was aggressive and out for the kill.

Finally, someone who could shed some light on this situation came to. Only it wasn’t Sil, but Shiro. His eyes opened only ever so slightly, but for Fex who was close to him, he noticed immediately.

"Shiro, are you okay? We’re a bit short on time, you need to tell me what’s going on!" Fex demanded to know. He didn’t want to be harsh, but every second was precious. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Fortunately, Shiro was able to see the fight without having to move his head. He had already been worried something like this might happen.

"We...succeeded." Shiro whispered barely audibly. "That’s...Raten"

"I’m on your side you two horned bitch!" Raten shouted towards Layla. It was only when he took a closer look at her, that he noticed the lifeless look behind her eyes. The Hannya was fighting more on instinct than actual conscious thoughts. While her subconsciousness or instincts made her body act, her mind was still trapped, surrounded by her own memories and the pain and suffering from the realisation that she didn’t really know anything about her past.

’Should we help?’ Fex wondered. ’Can we even help? Going up against one of them would require most of us, but more?’

The three titans stood in a type of triangle formation, cautious about who to attack and who to defend against. For a short moment they remained in this Mexican standoff. The onlookers all seemed to have the same thoughts again, whether or not they should intervene. The Pure members had realised that they were on the losing side, so they decided to move and stay behind their leader.

None of them showed any signs of wanting to come close to the centre of the room for risk of getting caught up into this mess.

’I don’t understand why the Demi-god tier beast has joined the fight as well, but this isn’t good. This whole thing has gotten way out of hand. Should I just abort the mission?’ Agent 2 was pondering over a possible strategic retreat, but before he could come to a decision Layla decided to act, forcing Raten and therefore Agent 2 to do the same.

None of the onlookers actually knew how incredibly powerful that Demi-god tier beast actually was. After how easily Sil had managed to take it down, it had created the impression that it wasn’t that strong. In reality, Sil was just that much of a monster to be able to take down the Demi-god tier beast.

Now that Raten was in control and didn’t shy away from hurting others, it was a real powerhouse.

"Get a grip! My patience is running thin, next time you attack me, I’m going to slash your neck!" Raten shouted, but found himself locked by her strange chains, unable to move.

Seeing this, Agent 2 decided to go in for the attack, but soon had to jump back as more of the black floating balls flew his way. It was unclear whether Layla had perceived his threat, or had just remembered that there was someone else who deserved her wrath more, but she changed her attention towards the Pure leader.

Finally, Sil was coming to as well, the pain in his head had stopped. He immediately looked over to the others fighting, and could see such skillful fighting skills coming from Raten.

"He’s back, he’s finally back!" Sil mumbled, smiling more than anything, seemingly unaware of the dangerous situation they were currently in.

"Sil, you need to stop them! NOW!!" Fex shouted at him, grabbing him by the shoulders. The worst case scenario was one of them dying. If Raten ended up killing Layla or vice versa, the vampire would be unable to explain things to Quinn. Their entire operation of helping Sil would have failed.

Fex didn’t even dare to imagine what Quinn would do if one of his friends perished here.

"Raten, won’t hurt Layla!" Sil stated calmly, without a hint of a doubt. "And now that Raten is back, I won’t hurt him ever again!"

’We don’t have time for this crap!’ Fex thought angrily, looking at the Sil who continued to have a goofy smile on his face. It was then that he realised that Sil was an unusual person. Someone who was truly selfish and only cared for certain people.

Unfortunately, Layla wasn’t one of them. Fex was convinced that if it had been Shiro, Borden, Vorden, Quinn or Raten, Sil would have acted in a heartbeat, but now that Raten was back, it was clear he didn’t care what happened to the girl.

"Fine, get rid of Agent 2 then!" Fex screamed at him.

Shiro, still not comprehending the situation, looked over to Sil, but his friend had overused his ability. He had barely been able to speak and right now he couldn’t even lift a finger.

’If it’s like this, will I have to get involved?’ Fex contemplated. He might be strong but against these monsters, he was certain he wouldn’t be able to make it out unscathed and he was sure how severe his injuries would be.

All three of them seemed to be preparing for an almighty attack to decide the outcome, no longer wanting to ’play around’.

Layla had conjured a total of eight black spheres that were now surrounding her, yet for the moment they remained unmoving. She was concentrating on her ability trying to move them with one hand, at the same time.

Raten had put both of his hands together and was forming a large weapon, seemingly a scythe.

Lastly, Agent 2 was putting more and more Qi into his weapon to the point it started to become redder than his own body.

All three started to run into each other in the centre of the room. The onlookers could care less about who would win this power struggle, they were all too afraid of the consequence. It would be impossible for the area to not cave in, yet it was too late to stop them.

"I’m sorry, but all of you need to calm down!" A person who had appeared out of nowhere shouted. Throwing out his arms and kicking in front of him, he pushed all thee back, their attacks dissipating mid flight. The entire area rumbled as they got buried into the wall.

Fortunately, after a fews seconds it stopped without any cave in, making everyone let out a sigh of relief. Surprisingly, there was one clear winner in this major battle, and it was none other than the person left standing alone in the middle.

"Quinn, you made it!" Fex shouted. However, something was different about him, how’d he get so strong he was able to do that to all of them.

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga