Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1179 The special deal

T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Vorden in his beast form was wriggling from pain. He was unable to stand on his own two feet and fell to the ground as he let out a silent roar. When using his Inspect skill, Quinn could see that the

[Evolution possible] had turned into an [Evolving] .

The scene reminded Quinn of himself whenever he himself would go through different evolutions as a Vampire and how each one would be more painful than the last. Poor Vorden had just been given a body and suddenly he was being tortured.

"Holy shit, this hurts so much. Come on, Tails, this is your body, how about we swap for a moment?" Vorden pleaded amidst his grunting and moaning. The one he was speaking to was naturally the humanoid beast. The answer to that was fairly obvious, so Vorden continued to endure the pain.

"The process takes a while for them to evolve." Logan explained. "I imagine you guys need to get back soon before they find out."

This was the large difference between the two evolutions, time,, and Quinn honestly didn’t know how long Vorden would have to suffer. It felt a little strange that they would be parting so soon and had to leave him in his condition, but they knew that once this was all over they could more or less return to the status quo.

After getting back, Quinn asked the others if a guard had showed up yet, but thankfully it seemed like everything had worked out for once. There were no extra troubles, no unexpected news, nothing. So to celebrate this, Quinn decided to tell the others that transferring Vorden over had been a complete success.

There were smiles and cheers around the room, Quinn even wanted to tell Peter because he knew he would be over the moon as well, but something was on Layla’s mind about the whole thing.

"Quinn, I know it’s beneficial for them to be strong humanoid beasts at the moment, but do you plan to keep them in them forever? What about after the war with the Dalki?" Layla had to ask.

Of course, this was something Quinn had thought about, yet it would be mostly up to Vorden and Raten how they wanted to deal with it.

"I’ve thought about putting them in the body of some criminals. Like people who would be sentenced to death. However, I don’t really want a person’s death to be on their hands. I also know that these beasts have intelligence, far beyond what we had imagined, so it must be tough on them to live as Vorden and Raten did before."

"I’m hoping that Eno or Logan can come up with a perfect clone when everything is over, a body without a prior consciousness. Technology keeps on advancing so some day, right."

In the end, this was a long term permanent solution. There was no need to worry about a clone’s body dying on them, but if they wanted to return to being human, it would be another task, just like Quinn had the task of figuring out how to turn all of Paul’s men and the others back as well.

——

The next morning, the one who entered the safe house turned out to be Rafer. Judging by the huge smile on his face, he came with some good news.

"Colonel Longblade has successfully made a full recovery, and has therefore called for a meeting ASAP, to discuss the matters and rewards for the Cursed faction in helping us complete the assigned task. He would like to meet the highest ranked representative of the Cursed faction, and has requested for the humanoid Demi-god tier beast to present as the matters pertain to it."

"I’m sorry, but I have to ask anyone else who will not be vitally important for the meeting to stay here for a bit longer." Rafer bowed his head in front of them.

On paper the one in charge of the Cursed faction group would be Nathan, but the way it was worded, made it clear that Longblade wanted to meet Quinn. The Cursed faction leader had already taken off his mask in the tunnels and some of the soldiers had recognised him yesterday.

The fact that Quinn had come undercover would surely only worsen the public opinion of the Cursed group, but he didn’t care for that now.

"Lead the way." Quinn requested.

Aside from Raten in his Demi-god tier beast body, Quinn had instructed Shiro to come along. The young boy was necessary since he was supposedly the one that was ’controlling’ the beast, which in a way wasn’t a complete lie. He didn’t take anyone else though, since he didn’t want to make it seem as if he didn’t trust the Earthborn group.

Sil, Layla, Fex and Nathan naturally weren’t too happy about being left behind, but they understood the necessity and opted to wait for Quinn to return and tell them all about this meeting afterward.

Eventually, they reached the main military base, where Quinn’s entourage was escorted to the main room. Something the Vampire Lord noticed was that people acted cautious around him, stopping their conversation as soon as he came into sight.

’Are they catching on to the difference between vampires and humans? The report did say we have enhanced senses.’ Quinn wondered. ’Not that it stopped them from taunting us when we had just arrived.’

Longblade had put on a smile as soon as they entered the meeting room with a large circular table inside. Other than him Avion, Jay, Till were already seated. As the last Sergeant under the Colonel Rafer took a place next to his superior.

There was only one more open seat, leaving Shiro and Raten standing. Four people also had quickly surrounding the Demi-god tier beast . Raten, as well as the beast inside him, would have very much enjoyed snapping at them, but for once he knew what the best course of action was.

"When you told me that the Cursed faction’s goal was to capture the beast, I never thought that you intended to tame it. No wonder, you yourself came down here to lead this mission. Now, allow me to start off this meeting by thanking you and your group for everything you did." Colonel Longblade stood up and bowed his head in front of the Cursed faction leader.

"I have already prepared the rewards for you and your group." On the table he placed the black sword that Quinn had seen. "I have thought long and hard how I could repay you for saving not only my life but that of my subordinates as well. This is for the Cursed faction in general. No, let me correct myself. The sword I gave you before was for beating me in the duel. This sword is my gift for the beauty of a girl by your side."

"By the time I arrived at the hospital I had already lost a ton of blood. I’m certain if it wasn’t for her healing ability, I wouldn’t be here right now. Although it pains me, she has earned the right to wield this sword. If she wishes to pass it on to the Cursed faction then so be it."

"Of course I haven’t forgotten about your companion who used the strings to stop the bleeding. He appears to be quite the Mech enthusiast, so I have prepared a special Mech for him. It is the old one Sergeant Avion used in the past. He has agreed to this as well, so I refuse to take a no from you as an answer."

So far the meeting was going excellent for Quinn. The black sword was something Quinn had been unsure how to request, since he didn’t really know what he could offer the Colonel in exchange.

"With that out of the way, I’m afraid that there are some pressing matters that still need to be dealt with. Sergeant Till was in charge of guarding the facility during my absence, and he claims that a member of your Cursed faction has broken into one of our research facilities, allowing another humanoid beast which we had been taking care of to escape."

"Given the state of things, can you please confirm whether that person is someone from your faction? Is there any possibility he’s one of the enemy V?" Longblade asked, surprisingly offered Quinn a way out.

"No, the one your men have seen is Logan Green. Please allow me to explain the reason for his actions" Quinn requested, the military leader nodded granting the request. "As you can see for yourself we have already managed to ’subdue’ one humanoid beast. However, Shiro’s ability isn’t exactly ’taming’ a beast in the traditional sense. Instead he is able to speak with them on a level that goes beyond language."

"I’m aware that most of the Earthborn group still don’t trust us, despite you vouching for us. You must be aware how great a skill this boy has and how others would wish to utilise it, so I hope this matter can stay between us. During our fight, we had captured an agent of Pure, who had revealed information to us about the lab. Logan was simply trying to break out one of the beasts so we could ask it a few questions. We never intended to harm anybody, something that should be obvious by the fact that not a single one of your men has suffered any life threatening injuries or death." Quinn pointed out.

This was true, although some had been injured quite severely to the point they were unable to move, all of them would be able to recover in due time. This was something that Longblade found strange about the other Demi-god tier beast as well, that it never once killed any of those it attacked in the mine.

"Then what about reports of the infiltrator being a Dalki?" Till asked.

"A transformation ability. Please ask your men whether they saw a Dalki or a human with a Dalki part? When have we ever seen a Dalki with the ability to get rid of their scale-like features or to make themselves look human? Never mind one as small as Logan. If you don’t believe me then I also happen to have video footage recorded by him personally. That will answer the question."

Till decided to back down as this was something that he needed to check before he made more accusations, but perhaps his people had just been too afraid and shocked to differentiate the truth of the matter.

"You say that Shiro is able to speak with the beasts? Then I have a few questions of my own for it. The one on top of my mind is why has it never attacked us directly? Also, Quinn, despite my goodwill towards you, I have trouble believing that as long as something as powerful as a humanoid Demi-god tier beast isn’t tamed, that it would willingly agree to side with you. Am I correct in assuming that there is something it wants for its cooperation?" Longblade asked quick on the uptake.

Quinn glanced at Shiro for a second, suggesting that it was best that he himself explained this situation. He cleared his throat before speaking.

"The Demi-god tier beast can be considered the leader and representative for the many beasts on this planet. Its request was for the Colonel and his people to cease all mining operations effective immediately, as well as for this planet to remain human free!" Shiro spoke out loud as if reading out an announcement.

The Sergeants looked at each other, before turning to Longblade who seemed just as troubled. This was a request that they were unlikely to comply with.

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga