Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1181 A Changing world

There were a series of events that had led up to Sach becoming the next Supreme Commander. One of them on the Bertha ship with Oscar’s remains. The parts of his body floated about in the container, and standing outside was none other than Samantha.

"Is it true father, that there really is no chance of bringing you back?" Samantha asked, seemingly hoping for an answer. The girl was aware of the futility of this action, as this wasn’t the first time she had done so, after recovering.

Although recovered seemed too generous of a term. The Head General was awake, and was eating without anyone else forcing her to, but the bags under her eyes were heavy and dark, telling tales of her struggles to get some rest.

Jane, Oscar’s top assistant, had informed Sach as soon as Samantha had woken up again, who in turn had explained everything that had happened during the Cursed faction’s visit.

"Why was it that you wanted to speak with Quinn in your final moments? Why not me, your own daughter? How can you just leave everything in the hands of us? Us who can’t even come together when the sake of the whole world depends on it." Walking up to the glass she banged on the container.

It was a weak hit, one with hardly any power. It was the only thing she could do to relieve some of her frustration, unable to understand what her father had been thinking. What’s worse, it was up to her to pull the plug. How could a parent ask that of their own child, yet at the same time, it felt like she was the only one who should be the one to do it.

Alas, the one thing Oscar didn’t account for, was that Samantha still hadn’t given up on him...

"Doctor, are you certain that you can bring him back? Even if he might not be fully himself, you have a way to help him?" Samantha asked to reassure herself as she turned around. "Could you explain further?" Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The older looking gentleman had remained at the back of the room, allowing Samantha a semblance of privacy. Despite being called a doctor, he wasn’t wearing a lab uniform like others who had entered before him.

"Indeed, I can do things that others can’t, but it will take me some time. If you trust in me, then I will take him away. My only condition is that the world must know that Oscar, as he is currently, is no longer. As for your other question, you already know there are things out there that are no longer human. It would be... similar to that." The man replied.

Samantha was biting her lower lip, still struggling with herself between following her father’s wishes and her own selfish desire as his daughter.

———

The alarms inside the facility went off once more, and soldiers, guards and doctors came running in, entering the room. When they entered they could see several pieces of broken glass on the floor amidst some liquid. Not only that, parts of Oscar’s body were also lying out on the floor, yet there was one part that was obviously missing, the head.

"What happened, General Samantha, was there an intruder?" Sergeant Fay asked, as her ability had allowed her to be the first one on site.

"No, there was no intruder." Samantha replied lifelessly. "It was my father’s wish to no longer be kept alive, so I complied with his request. Since I wanted to do it with my own hands, I apologise for not asking someone to turn off the alarm.".

Fay who had been looking over the girl during her recovery time thought this was for the best. Leaving Oscar alive would only give her false hope. She could only truly forget about it, once he was allowed to pass on.

"Where the head!" the doctors cired.

"I got rid of it." Smantha answered.

Although, those around Samantha told her that it’s best to rest and get over and take time to get over her grief, perhaps prepare a funeral for her father. She had argued that it was best for her to move on. When working she had plenty of time to forget everything that was to happen, and wanted to know what the next set of affairs were.

After reading everything, she sat in her office.

’So the board has decided to cast a vote on who the next Supreme Commander should be, and they have considered me as one of the candidates. Well that is to be expected, they must think my father raised me to fit this role.’

The board consisted of those in the military who had a legacy position. They were a group of ten men, whose family lines had been there since the very beginning, long before the creation of the new style of military. In the old world before the Dalki attack, these were people who had great power and influence.

However, as things had started to change and the world started to care about power, positions changed, but these men who had originally sponsored the current state of power had been granted a legacy position and were placed in charge of making certain decisions. In total there were ten, but even then they were unable to make decisions on their own.

All those who belonged to the military, a total of fifty of them would be given seats. These seats acted as votes for big decisions such as this one. As for the seats themselves, they worked similar to a local election, voted by those in the military.

Unfortunately, even this system wasn’t without corruption. It was an open secret that those in high positions would often use the higher level ability books or other incentives as a way to obtain votes and rise up in the ranks. Those naturally stronger would also obtain a lot of votes, which was how Oscar who had been hailed as one of the Heroes of War eventually got to his position as well.

Soon, Samantha had made a call.

"Hello there, this is Head General Samantha White speaking. I would just like to inform you that I would like you to remove me from the list of potential successors to my late father’s position... Who do I think would be best suited for the role?"

Even if Samantha didn’t want to be Supreme Commander herself, she still had a vote as well. She knew she would have a lot of supporters, and the votes themselves were made public. So others knew who voted for them.

The followers of Samantha would also choose to follow who she believed would be fit to be the next leader.

’Head General Sach was the one who rushed in when we were on the joint mission together. He didn’t exactly listen to my advice and was too confident in his abilities, but he remained there, and tried his best to help. Someone like him, should be the one to lead the Earthborn group.’

"Yes, I have a nomination...." Samantha said.

———

Not long after, the votes were counted, with each person giving their reason why they were most suitable for being the supreme commander, but they understood that it was mostly for show. At this point, no words would sway the others, everyone already cast their votes.

As most had expected, the one with the most votes turned out to be Head General Sach. To most the Head Generals had always been the three most likely candidates. With Innu having disappeared and Samantha giving up her position, there really wasn’t anyone else to compete with him.

There were the other Generals, some even former Head Generals under the old system, but the votes for them were split making it a no contest for who would get on top, yet while all of this was happening, ironically none of them were aware that Head General Sach was currently learning the ways of a V at the Cursed faction ship.

This was when he had received the call from Quinn, just as he had said as well. Now that a new Supreme Commander had been elected, the humans, and world would learn of the news to come.

The emergency broadcast system was used once more, only the one one on screen was none of the World Leaders. What came as a surprise to all, was that Bonny, the world famous reporter, stood there, pieces of paper in hand, as if she was a news anchor.

"Greetings everyone, it’s my honor today, to share with you some urgent information that the world deserves to know. This breaking news has to do with the Earthborn faction, the Cursed faction and the V you all know of. Firstly, I would like to report that as of today Supreme Commander Oscar has retired from his role, and his successor has already been selected..."

****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga