Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1182 World Changing Day

The world broadcast had ended, and it had two main messages it had delivered to everyone far and wide. The first was the fact that Oscar, who had been the supreme commander since the first Dalki war, had retired, giving up his position.

Of course, there were only a few people who actually knew the truth. It made Quinn wonder why they chose to lie about such a thing. Perhaps they were afraid that it would demoralise the human race knowing about Oscar’s death. No, what was worse and what they didn’t want to get out to the public was that Oscar lost.

To the public, he was the figure that was the strongest figure in the world, not Hilston, not Quinn or Owen, but Oscar. He was their hope, so it was information they had to avoid at all costs. With that announcement made, it was then time for Sach to introduce himself as well.

After taking up the role, there was a short speech from Sach. It was one that tried to be inspirational. It was set up, so the human race didn’t have to worry, that everything was going to stay the same. There was no reason for the change apart from Oscar’s retirement.

However, those that worked higher up knew there was something up. Even if they hadn’t been told of Oscar’s death, they knew there was still Samantha and wondered what had happened to her for her to give up her own nomination and vote.

The world broadcast ended there, and then a separate broadcast went out to all of those in the military that were part of the Earthborn group. This message was about Head general Innu’s death. Something impossible to hide, considering it had already spread amongst certain people.

The good news was, Bonny had done her best to show Quinn in a good light. There was footage from when they were first attacked and showed that Bonny and Void were both on the ship at the time. The scene at the very end showed that Innu was a V, someone addicted to blood. Despite the video being shown everywhere, a couple of people were suspicious about what Innu really was.

Sach, who now already somewhat knew the truth, Samantha, and several people close to Oscar who were now under Samantha had suspicions about the video. Oscar, and Innu were in the room when they had set up their unique trap. The pouring of the blood, at the time, Innu showed no such reaction. Which was why it was a little strange for them to see him show a reaction there and then to the small amount of blood.

Still, this news hadn’t gone out for some reason, and instead, the talk of the military focused on these two points

"Sach was chosen. What about Samantha? She was Oscar’s daughter after all?"

"I heard from one of the seats that Samantha wasn’t an option. It appears that she decided to reject the nomination."

"Still, Sach should do a good job, I worked under him before, and he is skilled even without his ability."

"But that came as a surprise, didn’t it?"

"What, about Oscar suddenly retiring? I mean, he was a bit old, past his prime back in the day, but his abilities are still strong. Maybe he won’t be supreme commander anymore, but we could still see him on the front line."

"Are you crazy, he deserves his rest. He had already done so much in the first war, but I wasn’t talking about that. I was talking about Head general Innu, about how he was a V."

"...."

"If a head general could be a V, doesn’t that mean anyone could be a V working with the Dalki? That’s a scary thought to have. No wonder they decided to not broadcast it outside. I actually thought the Cursed faction had attacked him for another reason, but it was clear in that video. They were ambushed and lucky to get out of their alive."

"How strong do you think the cursed leader is? Did you see that strange power he was using? No one could even get close to him." Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The discussions didn’t stop there, but the Earthborn group couldn’t stay quiet. It was a world changing day, after all.

——

Back on Mudding things were moving smoothly. After learning that the role of supreme commander now belonged to Sach, things moved smoothly after that. An official order came through, and Longblade got to work immediately.

Longblade and his team were still in the middle of leaving the planet as it was. It would take a while as large transport ships were coming and leaving from the island. Which also meant that it was time for Quinn and the others to take their leave as well.

They had achieved everything that needed to be accomplished, and now the Cursed faction was to go onboard the ship they had arrived in. Seeing them off personally was Cornel Longbalde, Sergeant Rafer and Sergeant Avion.

"It took a lot of work to put that mech in that ship, so I hope that your group will treat it with care," Avion said. "Fex, you’re polite. Far better than I was when I first started to use that thing, I think maybe we had a rematch, we wouldn’t know who the winner would be."

"Thanks," Fex said, smiling back. "I’ll keep practising. I have some strong opponents on the Cursed ship who I think I could test this thing on. Hey, I could even try fighting the beast again if I really wanted." Pointing his thumb behind him.

It wasn’t too much of an odd sight to see, a beast with humans since they also saw those with the Bree family ability do the same. What felt strange was the beast that Avion was fighting with his life on the line, was standing just behind them.

"Quinn, I want to apologise for the other sergeant’s behaviour, but I also don’t want you to blame them. Times are tough for the whole human race." Rafer said. "I think now with news having come out. Your situation should become a bit better. At least good enough, so you no longer have to hide your identity. Still, there will be those out there that treat you different. Even if you weren’t a V."

Something Quinn knew well. It felt like he had been treated as an outcast his whole life, not just when he had become a V.

"I guess it’s finally my turn to say my goodbyes. First, I’m glad to see that my prized sword has ended up in Layla’s hands. Although your skills aren’t the best, I did see you have heart when fighting against the Pure agent. I also know that you have a teacher far better than I on the cursed ship." Longblade said with a smile.

"Can I ask, where did you get the sword?" Quinn wondered.

"Unfortunately, that tale is not as heroic as I would like. I assume you are wondering what great beast I defeated to obtain it, but that wasn’t quite the case at all. I saw a few weaker beasts carrying it around in their mouths and just happened to come across it, but if anyone asks, be sure to tell them I defeated a mighty dragon of some sort." Long Blade chuckled. "I’m sure this won’t be the last time each of us will meet. The Dalki haven’t acted fully yet, but there may be a time when we are all fighting side by side. I wish you and your group a safe trip."

Saying their goodbyes, they took off on the ship and exited out of the shelter. They had also picked up Logan and Vorden who would be in hiding a short ride away. Truthfully, Vorden couldn’t wait to get back and see the others as well.

——

When the world broadcast was sent out, the humans weren’t the only ones who had gotten their hands on information that a new supreme leader had been selected.

At the moment, inside the dark cave-like room. Graham was sitting down at a table.

"So the humans have decided to replace their leader after what happened to him. Slicer also has been quieter than I thought it would be. I guess that means just one thing." Graham said, standing up.

"It is time that I finally make my move. It is time for the full war."

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga