Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1190 Preparing for the wors

"Me, pick me! It’s my turn next!" A little blonde-haired boy around nine years of age yelled. Adeel soon found himself being lifted and placed on top of the shoulders of the dark coloured humanoid Emperor tier beast, greatly enjoying the softness of its fur as he started to rub his head against it. He wasn’t the only kid on the beast’s body though, as two more were tightly holding on to its biceps and looked to be doing the same thing.

Seeing this made the other kids who had yet to have a turn a little jealous. While the others who had already enjoyed feeling the soft fur wanted to go again.

"Ready... and go!" Vorden shouted as he leapt through the air and spun his body. Using his wind powers, he was able to leap a great distance and with the help of his tails, he could spin his body even faster.

The kids’ hair was thrown back and wind was hitting their ecstatic faces as they were screaming out in joy. Once Vorden reached one end of the training room, he used the wall to push himself off with his legs, going back in the other direction.

A group of children could be seen jumping up and down demanding to be the next ones to be allowed on the fun ride. Just seconds before the beast was about to crash into them, he stopped inches away from them, hitting a wall of wind he had erected.

"That was awesome!" Adeel exclaimed as he jumped off Tail’s body. "Vorden, your new body is so much greater than your old one. This is so much more fun!"

The kid’s honesty was warming Vorden’s heart, and the smile on their faces even more so. When Peter and Sil had dragged him in front of the other Blade kids, he was unsure how they would react. His original plan had been to just leave them be, letting them think of him as a scary beast that was on the ship. After all, he never believed that he was the one who had saved them. Without the help of the others, and especially Sil they would have never succeeded in the first place. His attempt had just ended in failure.

However, that plan was ruined in seconds as Peter and Sil had quickly revealed his real identity. The last time they had seen him had been back at the temple when Vorden had spent time with them. Rather than with fear, the kids had been hugely interested in just what happened for Vorden to end up in his current body.

After explaining the details, and dragging out an unwilling Tails for a brief period of time, they had him surrounded. One thing led to another and right now Vorden had become their practical play toy.

"Aren’t you getting tired?" Layla, who was in the room as well, asked Vorden. With Vorden’s return, she wanted to talk to the original gang more often. As such, she had followed behind Vorden, Peter and Sil. There was no longer and Erin or Cia, and the regular cursed faction although weren’t treating her badly, were cautious of her ever since they had revealed that they were V. "I mean, you’ve been at it for an hour now."

"Tail’s body has much more stamina to spare. Besides, I actually see this as a form of training. I have to be careful with his beast powers to make sure I don’t hurt any of the kids. Bit by bit I feel like I’m increasing my speed and power and pushing myself." Vorden explained. "And all the kids seem to enjoy this experience as well."

In the training room, not too far from where they were, Raten was also surrounded by five of the Blade kids, each one of them with a beast weapon in their hand. Raten, had both of his hands bladed, and was waiting for them to attack.

Eventually, one of the kids charged in with a thrust, but Raten was able to quickly disarm him. He parried the blow at the perfect time and used skill rather than strength. Soon, the blade was heading towards the kid on the floor, Raten expecting him to do something, but just ended up flinching instead, before the blade was stopped.

"Don’t forget, I’m a Blade as well!" Raten reminded them gleefully. "I know the weakness of your powers, I’ve also experienced the training you all went through. There will be times when we have no powers, so we need to rely on beast weapons as well. At other times, there will be abilities that are enhanced through the beast weapons. Take this seriously, since I’m doing this for your own good!"

On top of this, the training was also meant to put them in life and death situations, although surprisingly it didn’t seem like Raten could quite push them like Hilston had done. In turn their bodies would slowly unlock the natural human body powers, the power of Qi.

For the past hour Raten had been giving some of the kids a hand to hand combat lesson. He was just as skilful as he was before, if not better now using Muddy’s body. If the Blade kids got his seal of approval, or were completely exhausted then they would be granted a ride on Tails.

"Is it really necessary to train the kids this much?" Layla wondered out loud, looking at their tired faces. She felt conflicted having to imagine that given their young age they could be made to fight, even if they were ’special’.

"Yes." Sil answered immediately. "Hilston will not give up. We have taken something precious from him. Not just me, but he will want all of us back, simply because he believes we belong to him. He is someone who takes pride in claiming to be the strongest, and since someone dared to cross him and take his possession he will do everything he needs to retrieve us."

"The Cursed ship has suffered attacks before, luckily Borden was there to help them last time, but what if there might come a time when the threat is so great that they will need to fend for themselves?"

"We will not let any of them get hurt!" Vorden declared as he came back from another lap, and stared at the Borden, Peter, Sil, Layla and Raten.

"Great, then doesn’t that mean we need to train as well." Borden said getting up and pointing to one of them in particular. The one he was pointing at was none other than Sil.

"Let’s show everyone how much you have improved." Borden said as he got into a fighting stance.

There was one part where Sil was lacking in comparison to the others, and this was his hand to hand combat skills. Although Sil might have been able to hold more abilities, even without beast gear, Hilston was a monster in speed and strength compared to himself. Which was why, he also was starting to train his body against someone, who could be at least a little comparable to the monster.

Seeing everyone gearing up while she was sitting around doing nothing, Layla’s body was itching as well. She grabbed the black blade she wasn’t quite adept in and thought who would be the best person to teach her. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

’Wait a second, ins;t there one person?’ Layla thought.

Moments later, Layla had gone out from the training room the others were in, and found herself heading towards Quinn’s personal training room. The place honestly no longer felt like it belonged to Quinn, since more and more people were starting to use it. However, its main use these days was for those with blood powers and shadow abilities to practice their use inside.

Especially since Quinn could now also practice in his shadow void.

Opening the room up, she found the person she was looking for but he wasn’t alone.

Fex had his hands held out like a puppet, and currently they were attached to none other than Agent 11. He had a sword in his hand, and Fex was practising his skills carefully. Agent 11 had nuggets of sweat dripping from his forehead, and soon she saw a slip up in the actions.

"How many times do I have to tell you not to fight the flow? You’re just making it worse!" Fex yelled, and that’s when he noticed Layla in the room as well.

When thinking of swordsmanship, Layla thought back to one person who had controlled Erin in the past, showing her things she was unable to do before, and just now she had seen a small glimpse of it.

"Fex, I want to be your puppet for a little while," Layla said.

*******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga