Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1191 Wide scale

Elsewhere on the Cursed ship, Sam was taking what could be called a break for him. Instead of tending to his normal duties, he was accompanying Bonny, Void and several drones that were filming the whole area, as they walked through the building.

Of course, these duties could have been handed to someone else, but Sam actually wanted to meet those that had helped their image during their tough times.

"Allow me to thank you for your video report. It turned out better than I thought and the effects of it have not gone unnoticed." Sam complimented as they walked over to the canteen to grab some food. The reporter duo had returned to the Cursed ship because the public demanded a follow up report on the Cursed faction, something the two of them were happy to accede to.

They had initially wanted to follow Quinn, filming him as he interacted with the Cursed faction’s planets, but Sam had denied their request. Officially, the reason had been that they didn’t want those living on the planets to think that this was just a mere publicity stunt.

There was also the fact that Quinn had chosen to go out alone, so there would be nobody who could protect them in case anything were to happen. Although the two of them were war reporters, they had felt like their life had been on the line far too many times recently, with the last one being an especially close case.

Bonny had dealt with the crazy situation they had been in a little better than Void, there were many times where he would wake in the middle of the night, seeing a pair of red eyes following him. If it wasn’t that, then it would be the laugh of the crazy head general that had tried to blow the whole ship they were on to bits.

In reality, Sam just didn’t want the blood weapons existence to become public just yet. It was one thing if some rumours would come up about these new types of weapons, but if they were to be filmed, the other groups would want to get their hands on them as well, especially after seeing their effects.

The Cursed faction had also never asked the vampires if this was an okay thing to do. Seeing these types of weapons could very well cause quite the stir if Bryce came to know about it. However, Sam also felt like the vampires must have known what they were doing as well. Although no one was now following them like before, it would be unwise to have no one keep an eye on what the humans were doing, or they were doing.

"It was the least we could do after Quinn, Logan and everyone saved our lives back then. I still find it hard to believe that people can act that crazy, despite having seen it happen countless times before. People always seem to surprise me. We believe that everyone has the same sense of justice, our views on what is right and wrong are similar, but that’s not the case at all. Many times I have learnt that opinions are divided on certain subjects."

Sitting down in the canteen, the drones continued to float around the three of them. They had to make sure to catch anything at any time. Something always interesting happened when they were around the Cursed and they did not want to miss out this time. It was because of this that many didn’t get close to them while they were eating. It just felt strange for a flying camera to be pointed at your face while you’re trying to enjoy your meal.

Bonny noticed that Sam’s lunch consisted of what looked like a juice box. Placing a straw inside, he took a few sips, and a red liquid could be seen shooting up the straw.

"Do you want to try some?" Sam, jokingly offered, before putting it down and continuing.

"The world is already starting to see a change. History tells us that people’s views of what’s right and wrong are decided by society. If you think about it, the norm of a century ago is very different from today’s norm." Sam spoke with a serious look on his face as if he had spent a lot of time pondering over this topic.

"It’s hard to think back to a time before the Dalki, but I wonder what will happen to the world once they are gon-."

It was at that moment, that red flashing light could be seen going off throughout the Cursed ship. Those who wore watches started to flash, indicating that big news was coming their way.

———

The new Supreme Commander had been taught the basics of being a vampire while on the Cursed Ship. He had been gifted a special ring, as well as a flask that he could always carry blood in.

With his training, it focused on the few basic blood spells that almost everyone knew. However, Sach had focused on a few different aspects. After he had gotten used to his stronger and faster body combining it with his beast equipment.

He had been very lucky, in that he was able to relearn his ability from before. It was an original ability and was over the moon that things worked out. Combining this with what he had learnt, his body had become quite something because of it.

’The only thing that I was unable to learn was how to actually use my new skills in combat. I hopped onto the virtual fighters game a few times, but I’m still slightly out of sync. I also decided to neglect using my red aura powers. There is a chance that they could link the martial arts god to me and then link the V powers back to myself as well.

’One Horn, just you wait. I will return the favour tenfold!’

After learning everything that needed to be done, he had headed back to the main Bertha ship, the one Oscar would use as his command centre.

As soon as everything looked okay, he planned to head back to Earth, in order to sort out everything else that needed to be done as his successor. Samantha would take care of the crew and those on the Curse ship. It just felt right to leave those under Oscar to be in control with Samantha. Instead, Sach would gather people that he trusted.

There was only one close personal that he had brought with him originally belonging to Oscar, which was Jane, his personal assistant.

A ship had been prepared and he was ready to head out. That was, until an urgent message came through. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Supreme commander, Sach please head to the command centre immediately!" A message was sent out through the ship.

The main Bertha ship’s command centre was special, in that it was filled with a plethora of screens and workers who monitored them at all times. It was directing information from Earth, and all the machinery it had set up on the other planets, mainly used to detect incoming signals of rising beast energy.

"Sir, urgent reports are coming through! We have detected a large force of energy heading towards different sections of the beast solar system!"

’The Dalki, they are attacking again, and a large force. Last time it was the Graylash section, what area will it be now?’ Sach wondered.

"I just need a brief summary of the reports, focus on where the signals are coming from and calculate how much help we need to send out!" Supreme Commander Sach ordered his subordinate.

There was brief silence before he received an answer, and on the large glass display, the report was now shown to everyone in the room. The man didn’t have to say anything, because Sach could see it for himself.

’This is it, they have decided to attack now. The large signals of energy, they’re heading to all three sections of the beast planets. The Graylash group, the Earthborn group and the Cursed are all under attack...."

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga