Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1197 Three Sils

The livestream had shown everything. The reveal of one of the Big Four working with the mysterious Blade family, and as quick as they learned of his existence, they quickly all witnessed his demise as well.

During the time the video was playing, Bonny did her best to inform everyone of who the Blade family really were. A secret family that had ruled the Big Four behind the scenes, the strongest ability users in existence.

After witnessing everything so far, comments were coming in faster than ever under the video.

"Do you really believe that there was this Blade family behind the Big Four?"

"They had the missing Burnie, so it has to be true. Maybe they have Mona as well. Besides, if it wasn’t true this video would have been taken down."

"Well, who is there to take it down, you have to remember that there is a war going on at the moment."

"Was Burnie always that weak? Maybe he wasn’t all that. Did you see how the Cursed members banded to beat him. Maybe that’s how he was easily captured."

"My family has fought against the Sunshield, trust me their power is not exaggerated. If Burnie could have, he would have been able to destroy the whole ship with his flames, but why didn’t they do that?"

There were a couple of things that had led to Burnie Sunshield’s demise. One of them was the fact that he was unaware of their shadow ability and the strange black sword. Both of these things had been able to suppress the power of the flames that would have otherwise killed the others in an instant.

On top of that, any large scale attacks there was a worry that the ship would be destroyed, but their goal wasn’t to destroy the ship, it was to find a certain someone.

"Those other ability users. I recognise some of them. Isn’t that Danny Wang, the famous wind user who went missing."

"Yeah, now that I take a closer look I recognise a few of the others as well, they all went missing at some point in time."

The reason why Sam had decided to come to the main hall to help out the others was because he had predicted this. When seeing the ships flying this way, he had been wondering just who could have been piloting them, and the only conclusion he could arrive at were the Chained.

With them on board, he knew the fight was going to be tough. Now wasn’t the time for him to sit back and stay in the command centre. Leaving Logan in control and charge of everything, Sam had decided to go out and help. With his own shadow ability and vampire strength he should be able to do something.

Maybe the remaining ones weren’t as strong as Burnie, but he knew that whoever the Blade family had kept around would have to have a powerful or useful ability. These were people whose strength would only be second to the Big Four.

"Quickly, move them to a medical bay or one of the training rooms!" Sam ordered the Cursed members nearby. While he swung a blood swipe from his hand, trying to ward off another ability user.

Around him, that’s when Sam noticed multiple dead bodies from the Cursed faction. Including those that had learned the Qi powers. With Nate and Layla busy keeping Burnie in check, the stalemate had been broken. Also, looking at the attacker’s eyes, he could see it. The hunger, as if they were obsessed with breaking out.

’Damn it, Peter, where are you! I ...I...need to call Quinn." Sam finally decided as he pulled out his mask... unfortunately, his call didn’t go through and he could only leave a message. It seemed that whoever Quinn was fighting appeared to take all of the Cursed faction leader’s concentration.

’It looks like we’re on our own.’

————

Peter, with Borden on his shoulder, Sil and Shiro were leading the kids out of the training room and through the halls. They didn’t know where to go, but they were looking for the place where there would be the least amount of trouble.

’The others, I can hear them fighting, we need to join them quickly.’ Peter thought, but also he couldn’t just leave the kids. After all, it was Blade’s goal along with Sil and the big bad wolf had yet to show up.

"What are you doing?!" Adeel asked as he stopped and so did the other kids who were following behind the others. "Why are we running away? We can hear the fighting going on, we need to help!" T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"You guys are who they’re after." Shiro tried to explain.

"And do you think running is going to help?" Adeel replied. "Hilston won’t just go after us, he will try to kill everyone in this place. If they are fighting right now, then it should mean that he’s using the Chained. If that’s the case then, it also means we’re the ones most suited to fight them!"

"We grew up learning how to use their abilities. Some of us can copy more than one ability and we’ve trained to fight against them. The stronger they are the stronger we are!"

Due to the Blade kids’ young age, the instincts of Peter and the others had been kicking in, believing that they had to be protected, kept away from the battlefield, but these weren’t any normal kids. On top of that they were right. Running away was just stalling for time, when they could be helping fight off the invaders.

"You’re right, screw this. Let’s go!" Peter shouted, turning the other way, and now was heading towards the sound of where the fighting was coming from. Sil wanted to say something but couldn’t so instead he had decided to follow along with the others’ and head towards the main hall.

Borden soon was seen jumping down and grabbing something from Peter’s pocket on the way down. A green syringe stabbing himself with it, his body soon started to revert to the normal size it once was.

"Come on, let’s do this!" Borden shouted.

[Everyone wait!]

A voice sounded through their communicators.

[I heard about what you are planning to, but you shouldn’t just charge in blindly without a plan. If you want to face them, you should do it somewhere where you can have an advantage. You should head to the main hall, because it’s the safest place. The sensors on the ship indicate that there were more sources that had entered through another teleporter in the canteen area, and they have split up.]

[I can’t see who each one was, but two of them have stayed together as they had been heading to the classrooms not too long ago.]

Hearing this, it was easy enough to guess that it was Pai and Vicky. The two Blades they had just seen.

"So the strong ones came in later... which means he might be here as well." Sil mumbled.

[If you follow my instructions I can safely guide you to the hall. I was only able to check now, since the attacks on the ship have stopped, but I still need to remain here to repair the ship as it gets damaged. If the attacks have stopped I can only guess that one of those signals has to be Hilston.]

Even if this was the case. The other people who had entered after would soon join them. If it really was Hilston Blade, then that could mean death for the whole team.

"Wait." Peter said with a big smile on his face. "The main thing we need to do is lure away the ones that are after Sil right. Then I have a plan. Shiro, you take the kids to the main hall. Adeel, I want you to beat the crap out of them all, and leave the others to us."

The next second, Borden felt a mud mask being placed on his face, and his whole image was starting to change. Not much needed to change since Borden looked relatively similar to Sil in the first place. After that, Peter started to transform so he too looked like Sil, making the Cursed faction have three Sils all together.

Shiro, had left soon after, escorting the kids based on Logan’s instructions, while the other three needed to decide which signal they would head towards.

"Are you sure this is a good idea?" Sil asked worriedly. "My mother and father are both ridiculously strong as well, and if any of you two were to meet Hilston you might not make it out alive. I think all three of us should head to one signal and team up on them."

"Do you feel like you stand a chance against Hilston in a fight?" Peter asked. The real Sil remained silent, but the one who was actually Borden was nodding away.

"You see, we’re not scared of Hilston. With the way you are now, Sil, I don’t think you could beat him. Just promise me that if you see one of the others, use them as a warm up, and come save our arses later!" Peter said, running off.

The three of them split up, each heading towards the different signals around the ship. One of them had headed to the canteen and could now see an old blonde haired man with white hair walking there.

Another headed to the entertainment area, where the games would often be and could see a beautiful middle aged woman. Lastly, heading towards one of the other training rooms, there was a man in a full set of diamond armour.

"Oh my, I never expected for you to come to me on your own? What a reunion this seems to be." Hilston said with a smile on his face.

Clenching his fist, and lifting his head, a smile could be seen.

"Come on you crazy old bastard, I’m going to knock your head back a couple of times!"

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n, it’s only $3 dollar a month and read My Werewolf System exclusively. If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga