Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1200 One of them

With the simultaneous Dalki attacks going on everywhere, all three main factions were suffering. The battles that were being held in space, soon went toward the planets. It seemed like the Dalki weren’t really fond of space combat either as they believed in their own physical prowess.

It had been the same back during the first war. A large mothership, black in colour but odd shaped like a blimp had been used to reach Earth. Whatever attacks they had used against this mothership had been ineffective. Once that large ship had been close enough, it had fired out several black pods to invade their homeplanet.

It was nearly the same this time, the main difference was that the pods were landing on the beast planets instead. Having to evaluate everything that was going on was Sach, the new Supreme Commander. The giant Bertha ship had drifted towards the centre most planet of all those that belonged to their group at the moment.

’It’s just like before, even after several years we are unable to create anything that can damage that damned ship. They aren’t exactly holding themselves up in those either. Are they pursuing an overall goal by taking over the beast planets or do they just do it, to cut off our resources?’

"Jane, have there been any reports about any strong signals, or any sighting of Dalki four spiked or higher in the Earthborn group?" Sach asked, listening in to the constant reports that were coming from each of the planets. Not one of them was doing well at the moment. The silver lining was that they were able to hold their position, but for how long? A week, a month? That wasn’t even accounting any rogue elements...

"Negative, none of the leader type Dalki as you refer to them have shown up on any of our planets. However, I feel the need to point out that there are those struggling more than others. Planet Caladi didn’t have any strong forces stationed there since it’s been classified as a green portal planet."

"Careful estimation predicts that they won’t be able to last to the end of this day until they are taken over. Their leader has already requested help from the Cursed faction. I got word from General Nathan that he should be arriving soon with two army groups. Should I send them to reinforce Planet Caladi?"

Thinking about this, Sach was wondering if there was any point fighting for Planet Caladi and a few other green portal planets. They made for ideal living areas for the humans and also good training spots, but they were also planets that strategically speaking could be called expandable. He also had the words of the vice Cursed faction leader on his mind.

With all the other planets struggling as well, Sach had to agree with Sam’s suggestion, they couldn’t save them all...

"Tell Nathan and his group to escort everyone from Planet Caladi to one of these planets." Sach ordered as four planets lit up on the screen. They were close to each other, and had high tier beasts. They weren’t exactly safe for civilians to live on, but in such a critical time they couldn’t be too choosy. The military needed to concentrate their resources and protect what was most important.

"When he’s done on Planet Caladi, I want him and the two army groups to continue with escort duty. Assign him two of the Bertha ships and get as many people off those planets as possible, before you bring them here."

Jane saluted and immediately proceeded to send the messages out to all the others but there was something worrying the Supreme Commander. Sach was sure that the Dalki were smart enough to launch a simultaneous attack on all of their planets, they might also have information on what planets were most important to the humans. In turn they would send strong forces to make sure to get rid of them.

Perhaps, they might have even predicted their current course of actions, but it was all the better for them. The Dalki would have to leave behind a token army if they wanted to claim each of those beast planets, causing humanity to fight against fewer Dalki in the end.

Unfortunately, they had yet to see any Dalki leaders, so where were they?

After Jane had finished sending and giving out the orders she looked back at Sach, noticing he wanted to ask something.

"According to our reports, which planet is currently facing the most trouble? All of the Shelters on them are A rank, so there shouldn’t be too much difference. Unless there is a terrain issue." Sach asked, hoping he could perhaps pinpoint the location of them doing this.

"The planet that is struggling the most is Killor. It’s a red portal planet that is mostly covered in snow and forest. However the terrain shouldn’t be a problem and actually the forces there are greater than anywhere else." Jane reported.

"Greater there than anyone else? Is the faction living there particularly strong?" Sach was a little confused.

"No, that is the planet that Head General Samantha is currently on. She has taken some of Oscar’s strongest people with her, yet they are struggling more than any other."

That was the answer that Sach was looking for. This was the planet that he needed to be at the most.

——

The large Bertha ship stayed in orbit away from the four planets. If one was to look through the glass in the command centre they could see two of the planets in the distance in view. If they zoomed in, they could also see two of the Dalki mother ships.

They would often stay in orbit after dropping the black pods. Seeing this was also the confirmation that the Dalki forces far surpassed humanity’s expectations. When they had come to attack Earth, there had only been one of them.

Sach had just landed on Planet Killor. He had made sure to arrive on a part of the planet, where no battles were taking place. Since the fortresses were well guarded and stronger, ability users were prepared to fight off the Dalki. Seemingly realising that, the Dalki would come in groups to test certain things, and after a short battle retreat.

Once he arrived at the Shelter, the first thing Sach noticed was the state of the east wall. It was worse than he had thought. There was a large hole that had been slightly fixed with the Earth ability. In its current state it wouldn’t even hold against the weakest of Dalki attacks.

Bunkers had been built a few hundred feet away from the Shelters as well. He could see scout groups heading out and returning, but the worst thing was that snow around the area was covered in blood. Red blood.

His first destination was wherever Samantha was. A soldier quickly pointed out the way and on his way Sach was wondering one thing. Was the fact that this planet was performing worse than the others related to the Dalki focusing more effort into it... or was this a result of her not really being in the right state of mind? Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Reaching the north wall, he could see Head General Samatnha there, in a makeshift tent, looking at a digital map at the place.

"Supreme Commander Sach, I’m sorry that I couldn’t greet you when you were coming in, but we are in a dire situation." Samantha reported as she briefly looked up, to which he just replied with an ’At ease’.

Coming up to the map, Sach looked at everything it displayed, which was the locations they had seen the Dalki. She wasn’t the only one in the room. There were also four strategists of war, they weren’t great in strength, but had helped Oscar many times.

"Perhaps you could shed some light on our situation. Whenever our scouts have discovered a few Dalki scanning out the area, we have followed them, only to end up led into a trap time after time. No matter how cautious we are, or how we change up our tactics, they managed to trick my man!"

"At the same time, even when badgering up, and moving our defences to one side of the wall. It’s as if they know which wall we borrowed our powers from. They seem to have great insight into our moves."

Now, Sach understood how the wall had been damaged, if the Dalki were coming from the west section, then Samantha needed to make the choice to reinforce the wall with troops from the north, south or east walls for support. She had done so from the east wall, the wall furthest away, and yet somehow the Dalki had been ready with a strong force attacking from there.

"Am I the issue?...." Samantha couldn’t help but ask it out loud. It wasn’t as if she was unaware, that what happened to her father had messed her up. Usually she would be quite good at tactical warfare, being even more alert than Sach.

"No, the issue isn’t you at all." Sach said, pivoted his foot and swung his other leg out, slamming it at one of the strategist’s head, hooking him by the back of the neck. With sheer power, he brought the man’s head down and pinned it onto the ground.

That when they could see it, while the strategist was stuck under Sach’s foot strugglin his eyes were glowing red.

"He was a...V?" Samantha realised. "But how did you know?"

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n, it’s only $3 dollar a month and read My Werewolf System exclusively. If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga