Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Chapter 1201 The Dalki leaders

The V under Sach’s leg continued to struggle. It attempted to push off the ground using its two hands. Despite using all its strength, it was unable to move at all. It was clear one person was overpowering the other with ease. Sach was already strong before. He had a well trained body and good beast gear on. Now that he was a vampire himself, there would be very few vampires out there that would be able to overpower him.

’The question is, what to exactly do with this strategist?’ Sach thought. ’Even those on the Cursed ship were unable to break them using their Vampire powers, so I doubt I would be able to do anything. We could capture them, but what use is that? There is only one thing we can do.’

Sach applied a sudden pressure on his leg. It was quick and decisive, a small crunching sound was heard, and the vampire was no longer moving or making any noise.

"Strategist Om!" One of the other strategists called out. "He’s....dead. Even if you are the supreme commander, how could you do this."

Om looked like he would run over to his fallen comrade, but Samantha quickly pulled him back before Sach could do anything.

"Did you not see it? Sach explained. He was a V. The reason why all your elaborate plans weren’t working, why it felt like they were always one step ahead of you, was all because this person was working with the Dalki."

There was silence in the room for a few seconds. The strategist was someone who had been in the military for a while. They were even by Oscar’s side at times. It was hard for them to believe such a thing. However, they started to remember the video of Head general Innu being a V as well. If he was one, then it meant that anyone could have been one and was really working for the other side.

"I saw his red eyes," Samantha claimed, now looking at the body on the floor. "Without a doubt, he was a V, but how did you know he was one? She asked for a second time, hoping he wouldn’t avoid the question.

"That isn’t important right now. This shelter is struggling more than all the other Shelters. If it was because of the V, perhaps they have big plans for this place, which also means there could be more. I want you to take me to every group, every platoon to see if they are anymore. Let’s not waste any time."

Head general Samantha went along with the Supreme commander, showing him every platoon and area. Most of them were clear as Sach didn’t show any actions towards her people, but it wasn’t the case everywhere.

On the south wall, Sach discovered a V. This time, rather than attempting to capture it, he quickly went up behind the vampire and started to subdue it by strangulation, getting it in a type of chokehold. As the vampire struggled for its life and tried to summon all of its powers, its eyes would turn red, and they could see that they were V.

Another area where the V was discovered was in one of the bunkers part of the scouting team. Where Sach had done the same again. It was clever of them. The scout could inform them of when they were spotted before all of the others, especially since they had superior eyesight and hearing.

Walking back after having checked the area, Samantha couldn’t take it anymore and grabbed Sach on the shoulder as they walked through the snow.

"Tell me, how did you know they were V? If it’s something you know, you could share it with all of us." Samantha pleaded. If she had this skill, maybe she wouldn’t have lost as many people as they already had.

"When the Cursed faction came to see me and healed me, they offered me to go aboard their ship for a short while. I accepted, and during that time, they taught me a lot of things about the V. I know their weaknesses, their strengths and how to spot them. Unfortunately, it is not something I can teach you overnight for one, and for the second, it’s not for me to teach.

"They told me because it is a desperate time. However, I must respect their wishes. Perhaps they are worried that these techniques will be used against them in the future. Which is understandable." Sach explained although everything he said was untrue. He could tell because he was now one of them, and his nose could pinpoint their smell.

Still, the other vampires also should have been able to tell Sach was one as well. If it wasn’t for the special spray that Logan had produced and handed to Sach. After using the spray with Owen, and with no one knowing what Sach was, they thought it could come in handy for him.

Honestly, perhaps at another point and time, Sach’s actions would be criticised but just like with the first war, when those who were weak were pushed aside, as the strong fought for their lives for Earth, no one said anything.

"Samantha, Samantha, your back! We have urgent news. There’s been a strong reading of a Dalki that has just landed. It’s possibly one of the leaders you asked for!" A man with glasses at the gate yelled.

’They must have been informed that the V here are dying, which means they know that there is a vampire here but who have they sent?’ Sach thought.

"Are we going to go out and attack them!" Samantha asked, clenching her fist.

"That is not like you at all. We have no idea who this Dalki is. Remember what happened last time? You were the one who called out my mistake, so I have to call out yours. Wait until we get more information."

While at the Shelter, Sach was still getting information on what was going on all over the beast solar system. He had learnt that Owen was once again engaged in combat with the same four spiked Dalki as last time.

Owen had done well against it before, but maybe that was due to it not knowing about its powers.

It was then that the whole shelter felt a slight rumble beneath all of them. The ground vibrated slightly, but there was no loud bang or huge explosion in the area as such. Still, Sach could hear it more than the others and rushed as quickly as he could.

Now standing on the wall, far in the distance in the snow, they could see a Dalki with wings and a single horn that had partly been broken.

"One Horn!" Samantha screamed, but Sach soon pulled her back.

"Samantha, if you can’t keep your emotions in check, then I am going to have to temporarily relieve you of your position."

It was strange. One Horn was just standing there in the snow, on his own, as if he was waiting for them to attack.

"We aren’t strong enough," Sach said, knowing that even with his vampire powers, he couldn’t beat a five spiked Dalki.

"Then what do you want us to do? Just sit here, wait here and stall. Stall for what?"

It was then that a message had been sent out to Sach, directly from Sam. About the Cursed faction being under attack from none other than the great Blade family.

’What in the world is going on? Sach thought. The timing couldn’t have been worse. The only thing he was thankful for was the fact that Nathan and his group had gotten out there before they had attacked.

’Quinn is currently at the Cursed faction planets, but will he now be rushing back to save his group? Or will he choose to try to get rid of the threat first? The good news is, with One Horn here, Owen dealing with the other leaders. I should have the strongest Dalki in front of me. I’ll just have to keep him here as long as possible, to let Quinn do what he needs to do. He’s dealt with many Dalki before, so he can do the same again.’ Sach thought, but all of this would be great if One Horn was the strongest Dalki they had.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n, it’s only $3 dollar a month and read My Werewolf System exclusively. If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga