Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1204 Grinding

Iree was too busy trying to help out Yag that she was unable to witness what had occurred, but the others had done. Because they didn’t even get the chance to help or fight. As soon as Quinn went out from his shadow travel, the first thing he did was leap up in the air, propelling himself forward.

The Dalki were still engaged in combat with the others.

Quinn’s hands were covered in blood and started to spin like drills. The second his feet landed on the floor, he could dash forward, hitting two of them directly in the head finishing them on the spot. A third Dalki was seen trying to attack, but with a strong thigh kick, the leg caved in, breaking its bone and making it collapse down to one knee.

A kick destroying a Dalki’s bones was almost unheard of. Soon the other was dealt with quickly as well.

The others were watching with awe. They had heard rumours of how strong Quinn was, yet it was hard to really imagine.

All of them were high ranking Travellers, sure the Dalki they were going against were only one spike, but they knew how hard it was to fight against even one spike.

The first thing the others did was check for wounds on the survivors. There was a healer in the group, which made it easier. If one was seriously injured, then their travel back would be worse as they were slowed down.

During this time, Quinn stayed with them, it was only a few minutes, but they felt like hours for him. Iree noticed that all Quinn was doing was staring at the mothership.

’Still, only one planet has been taken over so far. This means that it’s most likely that a strong Dalki had appeared on that planet. That gives me a bit of hope, but now that they have finished with that planet. They will be moving, and I need to be moving as well.’

"Quinn, do you really plan to go to the mother ship? How are you even thinking of getting there?" Iree asked.

The Dalki mothership was in the planet’s atmosphere, hovering above ground around the same height where clouds would be on earth.

"The Dalki came out of there. If they want to travel to the other planets after taking over this one, there has to be a way to return. Perhaps we will find out our answer as we get closer." Quinn replied.

"So you don’t have a plan, is what I’m hearing?" Iree replied, shaking her head.

The truth was Quinn did have a few tricks up his sleeve, but he would rather not use them if he could.

"I want to help," Iree said. "When we took the weapons, it wasn’t just for show. We have fought on this planet every day, and now we need to protect it. If an attack was to happen, we never thought you would be here. If you weren’t here, then we would have to do everything ourselves anyway. You see, this faction is probably safer than most because of the way the Shelter was built.

"But that’s only true if we stay in the Shelter. The plants around the Shelter aren’t just for show. I’m sure you also know what Helen and her sister’s abilities are. All those flowers and the vines on the wall can all be used for weapons. It’s probably the strongest Shelter in existence, but that’s where the problem lies."

"There’s too much risk to leave the shelter," Quinn answered. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

"Exactly, so this group that has been sent out is probably the only group that will be sent out. Helen will probably decide to send as many of those from the weaker planets here. They can expand the Shelter and fortify this planet. To even do that, we need to clear this place, get rid of the Dalki that are on here." Iree explained. "You...you aren’t planning to stay here, are you? You have others you need to get to. That’s why you’re in such a rush."

When Iree thought about this, she was referring to the Cursed faction members. She was unaware that Quinn needed to head to the other planets as well.

"After seeing you fight, our best chance is with you. As the Dalki take over the other planets, more will come to this one, and I don’t even think Daisy can hold out. Quinn, you are strong, but there are probably hundreds of Dalki underneath that ship. Maybe you can beat them all, but how long would that take, and maybe there are even more inside. Bring us along the whole way, and let us help you."

Quinn could tell that these were good strong fighters. This was why they had been awarded the blood weapons in the first place. Still, going up against groups of Dalki, this was something only he was capable of due to his speed and shadow ability.

’Quinn, this whole quest is a race against time.’ Vincent explained. ’Think about it. There is probably a Dalki leader out there who has taken out the first planet. The shelters seem to be holding out for a while, but now they are most likely on their way to the next one. The way I see it, it’s impossible to protect all the planets, especially with Helen moving her forces.

’So you need to destroy ten mother ships before the Dalki takes over ten planets. They will be using everything they have got, so we should take every little help that is offered our way as well.’

Everyone looked like they were now ready to move out, so Quinn had a few words to say to them all.

"Whoever wishes to go back to the Shelter, feel free to do so. I will continue heading towards the mothership to take it down. I will do my best to save any travellers we find on the way there but will not be escorting them back. It should be relatively safe for them since we have seen no Dalki on the way here."

The others started to discuss amongst themselves. They thought this was a simple rescue mission. They didn’t realise they were going to go Into the heart of the enemy territory.

This was too much for a lot of them, and they had chosen to return to the Shelter. Yag and Iree continued to stay with Quinn. While some of those with blood weapons had chosen to leave, but surprisingly a couple of Travellers who were hunting wanted to come along as well.

Quinn could see it though, they were focused on revenge, perhaps from their fallen comrades that had been killed. Anger sometimes was a good tool to use if one could control it.

In all, ten people had decided to stay with Quinn, and those that left Quinn took the blood weapons back, handing them to those that would stay with him.

"It’s now time for me to tell you the truth about the weapons," Quinn said. "As you all know, I am what you guys call a V. I will tell you the truth. Helen or I was going to tell you the details later. These weapons were made for us, which means that they aren’t only activated by Dalki blood but human blood as well. Using your own blood, you can activate the weapons. The time they will be active for is limited though, so don’t do so until you need to."

It was too late for them to be surprised by anything anymore, and from those that remained, they were just happy that they had a better way to help fight.

Travelling with Quinn once more, they ran into a few more Travellers and groups. In order for them to get used to the blood weapons, Quinn allowed them to fight two Dalki on their own. The group of ten teamed up into two groups of five. With their blood weapons, beast gear and abilities, they were far stronger than they could ever imagine. For the first time, they had defeated two of the Dalki, without losing a life.

As for Quinn, he had dealt with eight on his own, taking them down fast and quickly. They carried on moving forward, leaving the Travellers to head back to the faction on their own. This far out, there didn’t seem to be any more Travelers, at least ones that were alive.

Instead, they had found scout groups, of around five Dalki or more, in different areas. With these groups, Quinn would take them out just as easily as he did the others. After taking out five of these groups, they were inching forward.

’Is it really good to take out so many of these groups? Won’t they know that we are coming then?’ Yag asked.

Iree, thought the same thing. Although these scouting groups were on the way, they could have avoided fighting them. It might have taken a while if they waited, but it was only further proof how much of a rush he was in.

Of course, it was quicker for Quinn to kill them than travel around them, but that wasn’t the only reason he was fighting them head on. Soon a familiar message had popped up.

[You have levelled up]

[You are now level 68]

[You have gained one stat point]

Quinn had noticed it during his fighting. Killing beasts gave him so little exp that Quinn knew it was a waste of time to level up from grinding. The only thing that would level him up these days was hard life and death situations, where the quest would reward him an instant level up. Or extremely high tier beasts at the Demi-god tier level or the Demon tier level.

However, there was one more thing, killing Dalki. Even the one spiked Dalki gave Quinn a large amount of exp. If he wanted to level up through grinding, then this was the best way.

’Level 68, will I evolve again at level 70? Maybe to the next evolution. If I can do that...maybe I have a chance.’

Finally, they had reached a large hill of a meadow, and the shadow of the large Dalki ship was cast above them. Getting out of the shadow travel. They were now lying flat on their bellies and had crawled to the tip of the hill.

Looking over, they could see just as Iree had said. Hundreds of Dalki, and these weren’t just one spiked like they were before, but here Quinn could also see what he was looking for.

’I knew they would have one. The first Dalki I ever met did.’ Quinn thought.

At the back, guarded by Dalki, were several ships rather than pods. The first Dalki Quinn had ever faced had arrived in one. It was time to take down the mothership.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n, it’s only $3 dollar a month and read My Werewolf System exclusively. If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga