Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1216 Catching up

The Cursed group that was now helping Quinn along with his quest had been split up into two. Wevil, Linda, and four of the blood weapon users for support, then there was Quinn and his group. Alex and Andrew had been brought along, only Alex needed to come, but Andrew insisted on staying with Alex. More than anything, he was curious about the changes in his body and had multiple questions he wanted to ask.

Even now, Quinn could hear the two of them talk about it during their journey.

"I knew the Cursed faction had V, but after working with you closely, I never saw any signs that you were one. The other forgers would spill their blood constantly, and there were no signs at all." Andrew said.

Although the two forgers had been pretty much living under a rock as they worked day and night to complete the Demon tier amulet, it was news that had even become known to them.

"Well, that's because now me and you are not quite the same as V. We work slightly differently and are a subclass of them of some kind. If the V had these giant red wings on their back, they would be pretty easy to spot." Alex couldn't help but stare at the giant wings on Andre's back.

They were too large and powerful to be tied down or hidden underneath some type of clothing. The other four blooded weapon users on the ship with them couldn't stop staring as well, as if they were hypnotised by the red colour.

'Damn, am I feeling a little jealous?' Alex thought.

Iree, Yag, and two other females Anna and Ting had come on board from the blooded weapon users. They had been ordered by Quinn to do one thing, to protect Alex. Unlike the time before, they would not come with Quinn heading towards the Dalek mothership.

——-

Soon they could see one of the Shelters of the planet under attack. They had yet to enter the Shelter, but there was fighting around a hundred meters from the place. It seemed like they were faring better as Quinn could see some Dalki bodies on the hard orange ground in different areas, far from the Shelter.

'This was the planet that had been handed the Blood weapons, and one of the ones Helen is planning to reinforce. In total, I think she said the Cursed are going to try and keep six planets. This means the evacuation of the others are still in progress.

'The weaker planets probably needed more help with the process, but this was one of the closer ones. I'm sorry for all the lives I can't save.' Quinn thought.

Still, in the air, they were soon approaching the Shelter. Quinn slammed a large red button on the side, and soon the back of the ship started to open up.

"Everyone, let's go, jump!" Quinn Shouted, breaking through the loud sound of the wind.

"From all the way up here!" Alex was a little nervous.

"Look at everyone else. They seem ready." Andrew said. "Shouldn't we be the least worried since we have wings?"

Still, despite that Alex had never jumped from so high before, why couldn't they just wait and land the ship like everyone else? Regardless, he soon saw Quinn jumping out of the ship and the others along with him.

They were falling through the air. The velocity of the ship made it so they were shooting right past the Shelter and instead were heading for where the fighting was taking place a few hundred meters past it. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"Don't worry," Iree said to Alex. the two of them were falling through the sky, and one had a clear panicked look on his face. Alex made it so his wings were as close to his back as possible, afraid that the strong wind resistance would hurt them. "If we look calm, it's because we have Quinn."

In the middle of the air, Quinn unleashed the Dalki that was in his shadow lock, appearing next to him.

There were around twelve Dalki in total on the ground. A squad leader of around fifty or so people fighting, and a few of them with blood weapons.

"What is that?" One of them asked as they could see several people falling from the sky. Just as the people were about to crash into the hard ground, a large dome of shadow appeared, covering the centre area where the Dalki were bunched up. The next second, the shadow fell to the ground, and Quinn was seen with the others standing behind thier weapons drawn. Setting off, Quinn was already fighting against the Dalki.

In seconds Quinn had turned the battle. He swung out his fist, firing off large blood swipes, stopping them from getting close to the others. Blood drills were formed, killing Dalki on the spot, and Qi punches were made, sending the unmatched creature in strength, flying through the sky.

What was strange for most of them was that a Dalki was saying by Quinn's side, helping him do everything, until there was only one left.

"I'm going to need a bit of my own space for this," Quinn said, using the shadow Void skill to create a dome over his Dalki and the other he had captured. Using the amulet, he had planned to capture another Dalki since a second slot had opened up.

'Last time, it took three tries to just get one of these. I wonder how long it will take this time.' Quinn thought.

However, when the amulet lit up, the light from it soon faded away. He found himself with a notification screen that put a grin on his face.

[Marking has been successful]

There was something Quinn needed to see quickly, and the first thing was how easy it was to control two Dalki simultaneously. Quinn found it difficult, and the easiest thing to do was to try and puppet one of their movements while giving simple commands to the other.

The good thing was that even if Quinn was in complete control of One Dalki, he could still puppet the other relatively well.

"Alright, Vincent, it's time I leave everything over to you. Just please, don't do anything weird while you're in my body." Quinn asked.

When the shadow void field went down, two Dalki were seen jumping off in the distance, and the plan was in motion.

"What the hell was that?" Iree asked.

"Don't worry about that, beautiful, just some things I can do. Leave that ship to them." Vincent said, making Iree blush.

While the others headed back to the Shelter, Vincent stayed observing the outer area. This Shelter seemed to suffer from more planned attacks than the other two planets they had been on. They were pretty careful in what they were doing.

It looked like each Dalki had their own strategy that they were implementing. In the end, those in the Shelter didn't have to do anything because once Vincent was stood outside those doors, not a single group of Dalki ever touched those walls again.

After an hour, so the good news had arrived, Vincent could see the notification screen popping up in front of him.

[2/10 Dalki mother ships destroyed]

But at the same time, while Quinn was away.

[5/10 Cursed planets have been taken over]

"Come on, Quinn, you need to be quicker!" Vincent said.

———

The full plan was now in motion. Vincent ordered Alex to get on moving with the others towards the next planet, and when they arrived, to just stay at the Shelter with thier shadow active. Vincent then headed towards the now two Dalki bodies, and once having switched, the Dalki were placed in the shadow lock. Quinn was able to travel to where Wevil and Linda were, bringing them along.

The good news was, with Vincent fighting, he had unlocked a third slot in the amulet. Growing Quinn's army of Dalki even more so. This pattern repeated, and having no need to travel in space, and having obtained a third Dalki after a few failures, the third ship had been taken down.

[3/10 Dalki mother ships have been destroyed]

By the time Quinn had dealt with the third ship, travelling back to Alex, they had swiftly arrived at the planet, and the process was repeated once more.

[4/10 Dalki ship have been destroyed]

[6/10 Cursed planets have been taken over]

"I'm catching up! But I need to move along faster!"

After catering three Dalki, a fourth slot never seemed to open up, despite how much Dalki Vincent was killing. They didn't know if it was due to the energy being too low from one spiked Dalki. It Was a shame because the next thing they wanted to try and do was capture a two spike Dalki.

On top of that, Quinn's plan this time on the fifth Dalki ship didn't quite go to plan. After infiltrating the base in many different ways, it looked like the Dalki were communicating with each other.

After entering the ship and heading to the usual jammer room. Quinn, controlling one of the Dalki, had gone inside after killing the guards, but suddenly, he could see three spiked Dalki inside guarding the room. A fist had come towards his face, delivering a blow that his current body couldn't withstand.

The next second he felt his limbs being torn apart, and before Quinn could do anything, he had been killed.

After doing so, he was now back in his original body at the Shelter. In front of him was a bowl of grapes, and a woman he had never seen before sat by his side.

"What the hell is Vincent doing?"

'Well, this Shelter wasn't attacked like all the others, and there doesn't;t seem to be any scout groups. I checked the area, but I can't go too far off. I have to protect the place, right?' Vincent answered calmly.

Quinn quickly returned to the two Dalki that were on board, and they were in the midst of battle. Using the power of the amulet, Quinn gave a huge surge of energy to one of the Dalki's enough so that the two of them could eventually beat the three spike, and the ship was taken down.

[5/10 Dalki ships have been destroyed]

[6/10 Cursed planets have been destroyed]

Quinn was relieved seeing this. The ship had taken longer than usual, so he thought that the planet takeover would have progressed quicker than he thought.

'Maybe the Dalki or person who is the cause of all of this is struggling on one of the planets?' Quinn thought.

Having lost one Dalki, Quinn wasn't too over the moon. He also didn't have enough time to explore what Vincent had actually done while in his body, because once again, they were off to where Wevil and Linda were currently at, a planet called Oturn.

———

At the same time, a certain Dalki was currently on one of the mother ships inside the command centre.

"Graham, what are you doing here? I thought you were on a different fleet." A three spiked Dalki said.

"I'm sure you have heard, our ships are being destroyed left and right. There has to be a reason for this, and if you study, the pattern is clear. The next planet is planet Oturn, which is why I am here."

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n, it's only $3 dollar a month and read My Werewolf System exclusively. If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga