Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1229 The Dalki or Military

NOTE: In the last chapter my Editor changed Graham from a five spike into a six spike Dalki, he is a five spike.

A vortex of ice was swirling around the Demon tier sword. The motion started slow at first, but soon started to pick up speed as more ice formed around the blade. Nathan knew what was about to happen soon if they did nothing. His heart was beating, afraid of their demise if the sword's active skill would be fired off at them.

One of the humans' great human treasures to be the end of him was not something he had expected.

'That damn active skill creates a large tunnel of ice and just the smallest touch will make us turn into ice sculptures!' Nathan started to panic as his ability could do absolutely nothing against that. The General quickly made a signal with his hands, a sign for his subordinates to enter the bubble he had created.

It didn't take long for a well trained group to overpower the group of normal civilians from the Shelter. In a matter of seconds they were disarmed, pinned to the ground, having faced next to no trouble at all. The soldiers then turned, while Nathan also moved himself, so they were to face Ruby and the charging Demon tier weapon.

'I didn't want to do this, but I have to gamble that she won't hurt her own people.' Using those people as human meat shields left a bitter taste in Nathan's mouth, but it was clear that Ruby wouldn't just listen to reason. Nor could they run away or fight such a thing. 'I just hope she hasn't already gone through the motions of activating the skill yet.'

Seeing what Nathan had done, Ruby of course didn't want to hurt those from her fellow Shelter. Unfortunately, great power was already flowing through the weapon and the woman felt like she was unable to move from her place. She attempted to lift the weapon away, but it was stuck in place as if her hands were frozen as well.

'This is the first time I've tried using this weapon. I should have tried testing it a few times!' Ruby panicked.

'I have to do something.' Nathan thought as he ran forward. He wasn't sure if this would work, but he had to try something, otherwise they were all doomed. Two bubbles formed over his hands.

"Help me, I don't want to kill them." Ruby cried out.

"It's a deal then! I just need you to answer my questions and help me out after this." Nathan quickly agreed, as he held onto the demon tier's bladed edge of the sword with his finger tips. He pushed with such strength that the palm of his hands had been cut open from the blade but only ever so slightly, before the blade propelled with force and left her hands. It could be seen falling into the river nearby.

At that moment, the active skill activated. For a moment it looked as if the whole river lit up, but seconds later the large body of water froze over. Some of the military personnel looked down the river to see how far it had frozen over, but it went even further than their eyesight could see.

Rather than apprehending Ruby, who was now on the floor shaking, Nathan went to check if there was anything they could do about the Demon tier weapon.

'If we bring this back to Supreme Commander Sach and the others, this will be a big help to us in the war.' Nathan concluded.

When looking in the river it made for a strange sight. Despite its weight it was floating at the top. From the tip, the river was frozen, while the other half of the river continued to flow.

One of the Earthborn group members was tempted to walk over the ice and go grab the weapon.

"Stop! Don't you know what will happen to you if you step on that ice?!" Nathan shouted, and they were quickly reminded of the weapon's true terrifying properties. Nathan's bubble had a few more uses, but they weren't combat related, but today seemed to be his day.

He coated himself in the bubble, and soon, jumped into the water. The current had weakened since half of the river was frozen, which was good but just in case, Nathan encased himself in a bubble so he wouldn't touch the wall of ice.

Eventually he reached the sword and grabbed it by it's hilt. He could feel a terrifying energy residing within, making him wonder how Ruby had even been able to use it. Eventually he returned to the ground, his clothes should have been drenched in water but the bubble seemed to also protect him from that. He now had the biggest smile on his face.

"The Demon tier sword! It's actually back in the hands of the Earthborn group! No, that's not right. I'm part of the Cursed and we are part of the human race. It's back in our hands. With this we can help out with the war going on!" Nathan exclaimed, before wrapping it up and placing it on his back. He had no sheath for the weapon so it stood out quite a bit.

——

After what had happened, the Earthborn group and those from the Shelter including Ruby had headed back to their secret hiding space. The Dalki body had been hard to dismember, so the only thing they had been able to do had been to tie it up to some heavy rocks and chuck it into the river hoping that it would take a long time until the enemy found it.

The group of soldiers and civilians were now in an open cleared area, where the nearby trees had been cut down, and there were a few tents. Not all of the three hundred men had stuck together, so this was just being used as a temporary space for Nathan and the others.

"You should hurry getting off this place." Ruby finally spoke. "Even if they don't find the body, the fact that we haven't come back yet, means that they will soon come looking for us. They will think we've escaped."

"I know, I have a rough understanding of your situation." Nathan said, bringing over a nice warm drink in a cup, placing it in her hands, The rest of the military group were doing the same. Hoping not to treat them as enemies, getting them to feel more comfortable and to speak more freely. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Which is why I need you to tell me just what is going on? I'll be open with you. Just as you have already guessed we're from the military. I know that the ones who have come before have treated you unjustly and for that you have my deepest apologies, but we are here to get you out of this situation. Isn't this your best chance while One Horn isn't here?" Nathan asked.

The General spoke loudly on purpose, so the others nearby could hear, their reaction looked like they were quite pleased about what was said. Perhaps they did want to be saved, but they were waiting, waiting for Ruby to decide. It was clear that she was the one in charge around here.

There had to be a reason she was the one given the Demon tier weapon.

"Just tell them Ruby!" One of the men demanded. "I know Arthur helped us before, but this is the military we are talking about! They can help us."

Ruby clenched her fist and looked right past Nathan towards the one who had just spoken.

"Exactly, they're the same military who abandoned us at the first sign there was trouble! Do you remember who saved us from those beasts? It was Arthur! The military were the ones who had chosen to attack us!"

Hearing the name 'Arthur' Nathan was trying to recall if he had heard of someone of significance with that name, but there was no one who came to mind.

"Look, I promised I would answer your questions because you helped me from harming my fellow men, even if I can't agree with your methods." Ruby admitted in an angry tone. "The truth is… we don't really know what's going on at the moment, either. Arthur just came by and told us that we would be okay, that the Dalki would help us."

"It was hard to believe, but they kept their distance and they did protect us from beasts and the like. Eventually your military came and… well, you probably know the rest yourselves."

"You keep mentioning this Arthur. Is he someone we should know?" Nathan couldn't help but ask.

"The person who saved our lives The one who came here when the military had left this Shelter back when it was a red portal planet. He was the one who showed us how to fight back, helped us grow our community and we were able to live happy lives without caring about those outside. Then, he just came back one day, only with the Dalki as company."

"The only information we got from Arthur himself was that they would help us, and that the human race would lose the war against the Dalki. It was the only way that we would survive, because not even he could beat them."

It was clearly devastating news, to hear that this Arthur person that had saved them claimed he was unable to beat the Dalki, but there were plenty of people who would be afraid of fighting the Dalki, especially after what they were going through, so what was the big deal?

Nathan struggled to comprehend.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n, it's only $3 dollar a month and read My Werewolf System exclusively. If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga