Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1234 Pick a side

After dealing with the threat of the Dalki in the Shelter, the Cursed members had finally been able to catch a break for a bit. Without the fighting it even seemed peaceful as long as one didn't think about what was currently happening on the other human planets. The place had already been evacuated beforehand, but with only those from the Cursed ship currently occupying the Shelter, it resembled a ghost town.

"Has the fighting really ended. Is it safe?" Someone asked.

"I guess so. Wouldn't the Dalki be coming out now if it wasn't the case?" Another replied.

The people were discussing the shocking events that had occurred to them. Some were cursing in anger, while others were in tears. Everyone was happy that they had just narrowly escaped death, but now that they were all safe, they had time to really process the loss of their close friends and loved ones.

Many were running around the Shelter delivering the good news, while also trying to find those close to them. It was a large place after all. Still, everything just felt a bit unorganised.

"So, what are we going to do now?" Fex asked. "Should we round up everyone and head back to the Cursed ship? I bet Logan can repair it given enough time."

When the question was asked, it was naturally directed towards Quinn. Unfortunately, the Cursed faction leader had gone back to acting as his weird self.

"It's really not my place to say, but if you still want my opinion, then I would suggest that the best thing to do is to meet up with Sam. He usually has a clear head on what to do next, and as for the... let's say 'real Quinn', you don't have to worry about him. As long as this body remains in a safe place then everything will be fine."

Vincent was unable to see what was happening to the Dalki body Quinn was occupying, nor did he know where his grandson was right now. However, what he did know was that the energy in his Vampire Lord's body was no longer being drained. Without that burden, Vincent was surprised given the rate Quinn's body was producing energy, making him wonder if it had anything to do with the special Qi, or perhaps it was something else.

'I guess Quinn must have managed to deal with his enemy on his side, but if that was true, why hasn't he returned?'

It didn't take long for the group to locate Sam and the others, as Vincent still remembered where they had previously been. Layla and Nate were also back on their feet again. Nevertheless, neither one was in any real fighting condition. While they walked on their own, they did so with sore muscles, aches, pains and more.

When the two groups met up, Sam was taken aback. In particular due to the presence of two familiar looking faces with blonde hair.

"Don't worry, they have decided to stay with us and promised to behave." Vorden explained.

Although Raten didn't exactly seem pleased, Sam trusted those around them to keep an eye on the twins. Especially Borden, who was back to regular human size, made it clear that he was watching their every move. On the way to Sam, there had already been a few times that Borden had mistaken their actions and warned them. Neither one of the two had been pleased, but both of them understood that the vigilance wasn't unfounded.

"I've already contacted Logan and he said that a few repairs have to be made before the Cursed ship will be able to fly again." Sam shared with the group. "Unfortunately, the teleporters don't seem to be working in the Shelter, just like in all the other places I guess. According to the information we have received, there has to be some type of jammer on the mothership."

"Then let's take down the ship!" Raten suggested in a fighting mood.

Looking around though, there weren't really many that were in fighting condition, even when Sam met up with Vincent he shook his head insinuating it was a bad idea.

"Actually, I think I might be able to help with that." Vincent remembered there was something that Quinn had done, and perhaps it could be used now more than ever. Using the dimensional space soon a strange long stick with a large crystal on the end appeared in front of everyone. It was clear to them all it was something they had never seen before. It took a few seconds until Sam was the first one to catch on to the strange design of the object.

"That… is that Dalki tech? It uses the same black material and the engraved swirls and spikes." Sam theorised, pointing towards the top. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Quinn… ahem, when 'I' was on the mothership, I decided to place it in my shadow. I thought that maybe we could use it to create a jammer of some type." Vincent explained, catching himself in the moment. Since he had yet to explain to the new group they had now met up with.

By now, everyone was already aware that this person in front of them wasn't the 'real Quinn'. However, the fact that he was in his body and continued to help them made them trust whoever it was enough to continue playing along. In the first place, it didn't seem likely that they would get a better answer, unless Vincent decided to spill the beans himself.

"I think it would be best if we hand this over to Logan. He was already doing research into the situation. With this thing, maybe he can figure something out. The people should stay inside the Shelter. It's relatively safe for now. Dennis, Megan, Shiro, I want you three to stay behind. For one, someone still needs to look after these two." Sam pointed at Layla and Nate, who looked sad, but neither one argued, aware of their own situation.

"On top of that, make sure the Blade kids don't do anything either. Although they are with Grim, he isn't in the best shape either. I know you are good at dealing with them, Shiro. If the place is attacked I need you to report it ASAP to us. The rest of us will head to the Cursed ship."

——

The group followed Sam's orders, so they headed to the Cursed ship. Sam thought that perhaps they would need some strength to deal with the Dalki that had boarded the Cursed ship.

He had considered the possibility of running into a bunch of them, so he felt a little safer with the people who were by his side, but just like Borden, he couldn't yet completely trust the two newcomers, Pai and Vicky.

When arriving, the site turned out to be nothing like they had expected. All of the Dalki had already been dealt with. Their dead bodies lay scattered around the ground in the sand. Entering the Cursed ship, they were greeted to a similar scene inside.

It was a sad sight to behold, for a lot of them this place had been their home, yet now it was ruined, most places no longer even recognisable. When reaching Logan, in the command centre, they were happy to see that he was safe. Handing over the strange device, Logan became overjoyed and got to work almost immediately.

However, the group noticed something playing in the command centre, something that Logan had been watching this entire time. Several eyes in the room lit up, and their hearts beat harder as they saw it, it was the fight against Slicer and Hilston.

"Hilston, he's winning." Vicky said, her body shaking, her mind was a bit of a loss of what to do. Pai, who had gained consciousness a while ago, was just staring at the screen having no such reactions. Until he noticed something before the others.

"You need to stop him!" Pai pleaded as he turned around, looking towards Vorden.

Vorden wasn't sure what the other expected him to do, but he suddenly noticed that someone had gone missing from their group.

"Goddamnit, where is Sil?!"

Everyone turned around, but he was nowhere to be seen, so most of the Cursed group quickly headed outside to search for him, leaving Logan to do what needed to be done.

"What is he planning to do now?" Fex grumbled.

"Isn't it obvious? He's going to join the fight." Peter replied.

Vicky and Pai had been the first to find the missing Sil. He had remained standing outside in the sand. Only once they had reached him did they see what he was doing, making them stop in their tracks and do the same.

Once the others finally reached where the Blade family were standing, they could see that they were watching the fight in the distance.

"Sil." Vicky asked. "What are you going to do?"

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n, it's only $3 dollar a month and read My Werewolf System exclusively. If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga