Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1247 - The Major Threats

It had been a while Since Quinn had last seen Eno. Still, it was a face that he wouldn’t forget for a long time. The last time the two of them had met was on Blade island, where they had decided to part ways. Honestly, when opening the door, it was the last person he was expecting to see on the other side.

Usually, others would contact Quinn when they wanted to see him, but Eno would just appear whenever he wished.

’How did he know where I was in the first place? How did he even know I was in this room? Does he have a tracker in my system or something?!’

The reason for Quinn’s unhappy appearance was because whenever this person appeared, he always did something that Quinn didn’t exactly agree with, which was why now, of all things, he was on his toes for what was just about to happen next.

"I saw the video of you. It looks like you have improved and exceeded my expectations like you have been doing this whole time." Eno said as he walked past him as if the office was his own home. "Although you could have made it easier on yourselves, you could have gone for the attack while Hilston was fighting. We might have just lost our Queen in this fight and traded for theirs.

"The problem is, they have more than one Queen."

Quinn understood that when Eno was using the words ’Queen’, he was referring to the game of chess. Where the Queen was the most powerful piece, but each side only had one. In this case, their Queen would have been Hilston.

As for the Dalki side, Quinn knew they had more than one five spike.

"How much do you know?" Quinn asked. "Do you know how many five spikes they have? Do you know about their strange chamber?"

There was clear information that Eno knew that he was keeping from them, but why didn’t he share this information with the human race? Wouldn’t they have a better chance of surviving if they knew?

At the same time, Quinn wanted to ask just what Eno was doing here, but while he was here, he might as well ask him some of the other questions he wanted to know.

"I think what you are asking for is fair, especially since you finally managed to defeat one of the major threats," Eno said, now sitting in the seat that Quinn was in before. "It looks like you have been busy yourself if you already know about that strange chamber of theirs. As you know the Dalki have been evolving in general, and it might have to do with the special chamber. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"At first, I thought that the Dalki would be the ones that were time sensitive, but now it seems the humans are."

Quinn couldn’t agree more. Although he was unable to experience the healing properties of the chamber, if what the five spike said was true, then Quinn could see them forcing evolutions.

"The major threats I speak of are as follows. There are three Dalki that can turn the tide of any battle and would be a huge blow if defeated to the enemy side. One Horn, who had managed to defeat Oscar, another five spike that goes by the name Graham, and lastly a Dalki named Green Horn.

"The last of the three is the weakest, only being a four spike. However, it is on the stronger side and is the closest to evolving at the moment. it also was the one that had escaped after fighting against Owen."

Thinking back to the five spikes that Quinn had met while being in a Dalki body, he could only assume that he was the one called Graham, since One Horn’s appearance was known to the whole place.

The next question for Quinn would be how did Eno know this information in the first place, but when asking in the past he got no answer. He assumed he was just being safe, not wanting to give his sources away in case anything happened to them.

"So, if we get rid of these three, the human race will win the war?" Quinn asked, getting a better idea of just what was left of this war.

"I haven’t finished naming the major threats. Jim, the ex vampire leader and ex vampire knight, also my, or should I say our relative is a big problem as well. In the past, he would do anything to please his curiosity and achieve his goal, and I’m sure it is the same now. There is no telling how strong he is or who he has by his side helping him."

When hearing this, Quinn’s mind went to True Dream and the one that was able to control the vampire agents. Two strong ability users.

"Lastly, we have to face the fact that Jim could be using Arthur in some way. Although we can’t be sure, he is working for Jim. There is a good chance whatever he is doing could get in our way. The important thing is Quinn, now that I have told you all our enemies we have to face, I’m sure you know, you can not beat them all on your own."

It was food for thought. Still, a part of Quinn didn’t believe Arthur had gone over to the other side. Otherwise, why would he have let him live? Arthur was almost telling him to get stronger, and there had to be a reason for it.

"Okay, then tell me why you came here. Aren’t you supposed to be protecting that Demon tier beast?" Quinn asked.

Standing up, Eno straightened his dark blazer and started to walk back to the exit where Quinn was standing.

"A meeting is to take place, no? The matter I need to bring up will concern everyone. As I said, if we want to survive this, we will need everyone’s help on this. Let me just say that this whole war is a distraction in the first place."

Walking out of the room, Eno continued to do his own thing, and as usual, Quinn was swept up in his pace. It was either that or leave the crazy old man alone. In a way, Quinn thought that would be worse. When stepping out of the office and heading down the hallway, he was quite surprised to see someone familiar standing there.

In a pointy hat, and black outfit Mona gave a little wave.

"I saw your flashy moves out there." Mona complimented. "You did a good job. I thought at first that maybe you weren’t deserving to replace one of the big four, and then in a flash, you go ahead and surpass us. Who would have thought."

For some reason, seeing Mona made Quinn a little at ease. He thought she was quite sensible, to say the least. If she and Eno were travelling together that she wasn’t shy enough to say if he was doing something out of order or strange. It did make Quinn wonder where Brock was though. The most likely answer was still on the island.

"It looks like everyone saw that video, huh?" Quinn replied, not realising just how viral it had gone.

"I would bet there isn’t a single human who hasn’t seen it," Eno said, clearing his throat. "Would you mind? These old legs of mine are getting a little tired."

At first, Quinn didn’t know what Eno meant by this. He was sure that his legs were working fine.

’Does he want a piggyback or something?’

Later he realised that Eno was trying to hint at them using Quinn’s shadow to travel. The meeting was far, and Quinn wanted to avoid the people outside, so he would use it anyway.

The meeting wasn’t to occur in the Shelter since there were too many people, and it would attract attention. Instead, it would take place on the Cursed ship. Although Repairs weren’t finished yet, the command centre had been repaired so they could have full use of it.

Both Mona and Eno were taken inside and out of the Shelter using his shadow travel. As they approached the Cursed ship, Quinn saw another ship had already landed while another was preparing to land.

Soon, Quinn could see who had gotten off the ship, for it was Nathan, along with a few others by his side. The others with him were just soldiers for protection, but Quinn didn’t recognise the person directly behind him.

It was a female, she stayed close, but he did notice something else that she was holding onto tightly. The next second, Quinn had popped out of the shadow, appearing in front of them all.

"Quinn! What the! You can’t just pop out of the sand like that. Were you hiding there that whole time!" Nathan had let out a little shriek. These days he was a little on edge and wasn’t paying attention. To suddenly see three people appear out of a shadow in the sand like that would give anyone a fright.

However, Quinn ignored Nathan and instead looked at the weapon held in the woman’s hands.

"That weapon that’s the Demon tier beast weapon that Oscar had! I’m sure of it!" Quinn said, recognising it. After all, he was one of the few that had seen it being used in action.

’Didn’t Sach say that they lost it when fighting against one horn, and it was on the planet where Arthur was, so why is it in this person’s hands?’

At the same time, while Quinn was thinking this. The woman who was known as Ruby also seemed a little starstruck after seeing Quinn.

"You, what you did just now, that looked like a shadow, do you have shadow abilities?" Ruby asked.

No matter what skill Quinn would use, even the shadow travel when deactivating and activating the skill, shadows would form like a type of purple fog and quickly disappear. Ruby had seen the same thing happen before.

"Do you know where Arthur is?" Ruby asked.

This girl knew who Arthur was? This was something Quinn wasn’t expecting, just who was this girl, and what was her relationship with Arthur.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n, it’s only $3 dollar a month and read My Werewolf System exclusively. If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E..O.N: jksmanga For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga