Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1248 - Arthur SwitChapter Sides?

Hearing Arthur’s name was like a switch in Quinn’s mind. He never expected to hear the name from another person’s lips, especially a human. To make sure, Quinn sniffed a few times. The scent was definitely that of a human.

"Why!" Quinn said, pushing forward now almost directly in Ruby’s face. "Why do you know that name? How do you know him? Who are You?"

Asking one question after another, Quinn pushed forward, and Ruby was taking a step back. The person in front of her was being somewhat aggressive, and it felt like if she said one wrong word, she would be on the receiving end of an attack.

Instead of answering, she slowly moved her hands down to the hilt of the sword she had been practically hugging till recently, but this didn’t go unnoticed by Quinn.

"Don’t you try to use that weapon on me." Quinn demanded as his eyes glowed red and his influence skill had activated. No matter how hard Ruby tried to move her hand, her body wouldn’t listen to her as it was being controlled.

’Those red eyes are the same as Arthur’s. I thought that maybe the two of them knew each other. Is he going to kill me ?’ She thought.

"Quinn! What are you doing!" Nathan shouted out as he got in between the two of them. "Look, I don’t know who this Arthur person is, Ruby does know him, but you can’t just ask a question and put pressure on someone like that the second you meet them. You didn’t even give her time to answer.

"I know this might be out of place since I am ranked below you, but I have to call out your actions. Do you want to be like Duke!" Nathan shouted, trying to get Quinn’s head screwed back on properly.

Letting go of the Influence skill, Quinn took a step back. He realised that he had allowed his emotions to get the better of him, similar to when he had faced Head general Innu. This wasn’t Innu though, and neither was it Arthur himself.

’I have to calm myself down when it comes to situations involving Arthur. Every time I hear his name, the wounds on my body start to ache a little.’

"I understand the young one," Eno said, walking up to Quinn’s side. "I too am interested in knowing just how this girl came into possession of the Demon tier weapon and her relationship with Arthur."

It took a few seconds for Nathan to notice who it was, but it was then that he recognised the man as Richard Eno. Immediately he bowed down, showing his respect to one of the great heroes.

"I’m sorry," Quinn said, looking at Ruby again. "I’m just trying to find him and wondering what he is doing at the moment. Do you mind if you tell me what you know about him?"

Many things were running through Ruby’s mind when she saw Quinn use the shadow powers. Whether he was a friend of Arthur, an Enemy or perhaps someone who was just searching for him, but now she realised that they both had similar goals.

The group started to make their way into the cursed ship. While doing so, Ruby had explained just like she did with Nathan, who Arthur was and how he was introduced into the Shelter they had made.

’What she’s saying matches up with what Leo and Erin told me before, how they had trained with Arthur on the planet. So she is from the place where we woke up Arthur and must be part of those that were left behind when the portal planet changed.’

"So you don’t really know why the Dalki were protecting the place?" Quinn asked.

"I hate to say It, but it is looking more and more likely that Arthur is working for the other side now. He must have made some sort of deal to have the Dalki protect them. Arthur is a strong ally for them to have, which is why they went as far as to have One Horn keep their promise." After finishing this sentence, Eno had a smile on his face.

"However, in their rush to attack, you have managed to do a great thing. You have made it, so their deal is void."

"Who is this Arthur person you keep speaking of?" Nathan couldn’t help but ask. "From the sound of it, it is a great figure, but I have never heard of such a name."

"If I said he was someone who is stronger than Quinn, then I bet that would get your attention, so it is important to know if he is working for the Dalki or not," Eno answered.

Hearing this, Nathan stopped walking for a few seconds. Right now, it wouldn’t be wrong to say that Quinn was the strongest person in the world. At least, from who they knew, yet an unknown was stronger than him.

"Wait, but Arthur said, I mean Ruby said that Arthur said the Dalki were even stronger than him! What does that mean!" Nathan shouted out, recalling her words.

Now, both Quinn and Eno had stopped walking at the same time.

"It’s true," Ruby added, looking at the shock on their faces. She didn’t really know who this Quinn person was because they had been kept away from the outside world, so she also didn’t know what the big deal was that someone was stronger than him, or Arthur for that matter.

"When Arthur came back with the Dalki, he said those words."

Thinking things through, Quinn was trying to compare Arthur’s strength with Slicers. From both fights and what he had seen Arthur do before, out of a hundred fights with Slicer, Quinn couldn’t imagine Arthur losing a single one of them.

’Could it be, did Arthur already have a scuffle with the Dalki, did he lose? Is that why he attacked me that time with the Demon tier beast and told me to get stronger. Because not even he could beat the Dalki?’

This was the only thing he could think of, but to know for sure, he had to know the deal made with the humans. The only thing he could think of was if Arthur really thought the Dalki was going to win this war. His deal was for the Shelter to be saved.

Did he get attached to those at the Shelter so quickly?

"About what you said earlier," Ruby added. "Even if the Dalki aren’t protecting us anymore and we have escaped, I think Arthur would still help them because they still have my....daughter. Arthur and Minny, the two of them, would always go off together, but one day she had gone missing, and it was around the same time Arthur appeared with them. I know Arthur wouldn’t hurt her!" Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Looking to his right, Quinn could see that Eno was in deep thought as well. Perhaps someone being stronger than Arthur was never in his calculations. Eno had the insight to see far ahead, but there were things even he couldn’t predict.

"What are you thinking?" Quinn asked.

"The timeline," Eno replied. "You see, if you asked me, could the Dalki get strong enough to defeat Arthur? My answer would have been yes, but judging by when these people were being protected by the Dalki, and when you claimed you were attacked by him. It would mean that at that time, they already had someone strong enough to deal with Arthur.

"If that is true and was the case, then that said person or Dalki is now even stronger than back then. The Dalki are improving quicker than my predictions. They might have a six spike already among them, or one that is very close to evolving."

It was a scary thought to even imagine what a six spike would be like. For the rest of the walk, there was silence among them all.

Finally, the group had entered the meeting room, where Logan and Sam were present inside. It looked like the command centre had not only been repaired but improvements had been made to the room as well. The main table that would sit a level above all the controls was now twice the size it was before.

The centre and the table itself could still be used as a holographic display, and it looked like it was being used as one now. Currently being projected into the meeting, was Owen, Helen, and Samantha. The holograms looked life-like as if they were actually present in the room.

From the smell alone, Quinn knew they weren’t.

In the room already, other than Sam and Logan, was the new Supreme commander Sach.

"Quinn, we were just talking about you," Sach said with a smile. "We were all discussing the video of you beating the five spike."

At first, Quinn thought that maybe the meeting had started without him, but it looked like everyone was just chatting and getting along with one another.

"Oh, I see you have brought some others with you as well," Sach said, surprised, but he wasn’t the only one.

"Mona, my word, I thought you had perished, darling," Owen said, spooked, thinking he had seen a ghost.

"I’m harder to kill than you think, and I have this person to thank for that," Mona said, pointing towards Richard Eno.

The group took to their seats now the meeting was about to start. Sach was going to take the lead, giving everyone an update on all of the current situations, but before he even could, Eno stood up.

"I have come bringing urgent news to everyone. This whole war that you are all facing, is a giant trap! The Dalki don’t care about the beast planets. This is just a distraction from their real goal. What they really are after, is planet earth.

"We have to do everything we can to protect planet earth, no more importantly protect Blade island. It’s time you all knew the truth about the Dalki." Eno explained.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n, it’s only $3 dollar a month and read My Werewolf System exclusively. If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E..O.N: jksmanga For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga