Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1250 - The Board

The Demon tier weapon was special in more ways than one. Not just because of the rank of the weapon itself, but due to the history it carried as well.

As the first Demon tier weapon that the humans had owned and the one belonging to the supreme commander.

In a way, everyone in the room had a case for the weapon to be rightfully theirs. It was at that moment while everyones eyes were glued to the weapon that Ruby stood up.

"In return for saving those in the Shelter and giving them a safe place to live, I have agreed to give back this weapon. If it can help me bring back my daughter, and help save us from this war with the Dalki and many lives, then I accept." Ruby said, sitting back down.

Hearing Ruby’s words, and how selfless they had been, made the others reconsider for a second. A normal person had actually tasted what it was like to use and wield a Demon tier weapon. In times like this, nearly everyone would want to keep it for themselves. Her strong words resonated with the others and the first one to actually speak was Owen.

"At the moment, the Graylash faction lacks a Demon tier weapon. Our strength comes from our ability. I would have before said that using the weapon would have made it so there wasn’t just one strong contender in the Graylash family, but thanks to the Cursed faction that isn’t true anymore."

"I have them to thank that I will be reunited with my grandfather, Grim Graylash who is an even stronger lightning user than my father. He alone is worth more than a Demon tier weapon. On top of that I owe Quinn my life. Although I know handing the Weapon to the Cursed faction will make their power even greater than the others, I can’t think of anyone more deserving."

Of course, Quinn was also interested in the Demon tier Sword. Although it seemed rather selfish, he believed that in the Cursed faction’s hand it could be put to better use than if anyone else were to get it. He was aware that his own swordsmanship would be lacking, but Leo would eventually come back and he could do with a better weapon.

’Although it isn’t a katana blade so how would he fare with this type of sword, would it still be useful for him?’

"Honestly, I’m not completely against the idea." Sach said after hearing what Owen had to say. "Afterall, the Cursed faction was ultimately the one who dealt with the five spiked Dalki. Under the old system it would have made them eligible to demand any type of reward, given their contribution it could have even been the sword."

"However, there are a couple of problems. For one the Board wouldn’t exactly agree to such a thing. I know you guys don’t know much about them, but any major decision has to go through them. They are a group of ten families that in the past had originally supported the current military, especially during the first war with finances and more."

"The problem is they worry too much. If we were to hand the Demon tier weapon to the Cursed faction, I can already hear them complain that you guys will have a monopoly on power. Rather than thinking that we might not win this war and we should do everything we can to win this war, they are overly worried about themselves."

"Although it was thanks to them, and the seats voted that I am in the position I am in now, I just don’t think they would allow this to go through."

It came as a surprise to Quinn. Being in the position he was in he was unaware of how the military worked. The leader over the entire military in the public eye had been the Supreme Commander, which was why Quinn’s hatred for the old system had been aimed against Oscar. However, upon meeting him for the first time, he had felt that the old man had been far from the big villain he had pictured him in the past.

"Ah, yes that’s right, I was asked to put a vote in recently, I guess that had to do with you." Logan casually said.

Everyone’s head at the table, then turned to look at Logan. Without realising it he had just outed himself as one of the ten families that were on the Board.

"Wait, the Green family is on the Board?!" Nathan asked in surprise.

"Well, I can’t say it’s too surprising." Mona added. "Their systems are integrated into the military and they have money reserves beyond belief. Of course it would make sense for them to be on the Board."

What Sach didn’t mention was that the members of those ten families on the Board had been kept secret, for their overall safety. The reason why Logan had to give a vote was because his family was no longer alive apart from him. Sach cleared his throat, indicating that he had more to say. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Regardless of this fact, I don’t think one vote would make a difference in this. The main reason I’m bringing this up is because of Samantha." Sach said pointing towards her. "It’s pretty much a given that the Board will insist that she has the right to the weapon more than anyone. Especially since it belonged to her father."

Thinking about this, Quinn was a bit troubled about taking the Demon tier weapon away from her. After all, Oscar had once told him about how much he and his people had gone through to obtain that thing.

"I also wish for it to go to the Cursed faction." Samantha finally spoke. "Honestly, even if it was in my hands, I am not confident that we can defeat One Horn with it. Then, there is even at least another five spiked Dalki out there, and unlike the Board who are unaware of what goes on, I do know it would be best suited in your hands."

With this, it seemed like the matter was settled. At least between all the World Leaders it was. Since all of them wished to hand the weapon to the Cursed faction. However, there was still the fact that the Board wouldn’t exactly be pleased with this outcome, putting Sach in a difficult position.

’What can the people on the Board do about it, anyway? They might not be happy, but are they going to force it from us? Surely, they can’t be crazy enough to start a fight with the Cursed faction in a time like this?’ Quinn wondered.

From the look on Quinn’s face Sach could tell what he was thinking.

"They have a great influence, Quinn. Just think about how powerful the Green family is. Maybe it won’t bother you, but they could easily turn public opinion against you." Sach said.

"That would be annoying, to say the least." Sam commented, but he already had an idea in mind. "How about this? Nathan is part of the Cursed group, and barely anyone should know that Sach was the one to have sent him out on this mission. Why not let Quinn claim to have ordered such a mission and that we coincidentally managed to retrieve the weapon?"

"This makes it so the Earthborn group is even more indebted to the Cursed faction. As a publicity stunt, Quinn hands the weapon to the Earthborn group Samantha, this will show that the connection between the Cursed and Earthborn group is close to those on the outside."

"Then, Samantha can just choose to give it back to us. Since it’s rightfully hers to keep, nobody should be able to complain if she does as she wishes, especially if it’s done for the sake of humanity."

It sounded like a long winded process but ultimately they believed that this would work and keep everyone happy.

Since this discussion had ended, it was time for the rest of them to talk about their situation on the planets, and what they had planned to do. It seemed like scuffles on the planets were happening every once in a while, but strong forces were no longer attacking like they had done before. This was good news and bad news, as the Dalki could be waiting for them to run out of crystals.

Due to the situation it seemed like each group would have to come up with their own defensive measures, which would be implemented on a case by case basis as and when attacks happened. What they did agree on was that they wouldn’t go on the attack. Not until they had successfully defended Blade Island from the practically guaranteed attack.

With that the meeting was over and everyone rushed off to do their own thing for now.

"Quinn, before I go remember what I said. You have done well so far and you need to continue to do so. I will also play my part in all this." That was all that Eno had to say. For the first time, the old man didn’t have any intentions of sticking around.

For now, the others were preparing just how they would do the handling of the Demon tier weapon. Sam was calling for Bonny and Void to hold a press conference, leaving Quinn to do his own thing. Sach would stay for the filming process before heading off back to Samantha.

Walking around the ship, Quinn was looking for a few certain individuals, and found them repairing one of the training rooms, the Balde family.

"Quinn!" Sil shouted with a smile, breaking his concentration, dropping a giant metal slab he was holding up with his powers, but before it could drop to the floor, Vicky lifted it back up and put it in place, for Borden and Vorden to do the rest of the repairs.

It was still weird for Quinn to see Pai and Vicky, the last time he had seen them he was fighting with his life on the line, but with Sil and the others there he felt safer. One thing he was glad about was that he wouldn’t have to ever fight them again. At least he hoped that would be the case.

After finishing the repairs, Vorden soon came over to Quinn, along with Borden and Sil. The others didn’t care for Quinn too much.

"So what brings you here, I hope you don’t need our help to take down another five spikes, I don’t want to do that ever again." Vorden half-joked.

Quinn laughed nervously, because in a way he did want them for something along those lines.

"Actually I have a gift for you guys. I know how much help I need from you and there might be a time when we all need to fight like that again. So I have to make sure that you guys are as strong as you can be."

Quinn took a step back and lifted his hands. Hundreds upon hundreds of beast crystals started falling onto the ground, piling up. All these crystals were from the mothership he had taken down.

"I doubt Muddy and Tails will mind, but I need their bodies to evolve!"

****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n, it’s only $3 dollar a month and read My Werewolf System exclusively. If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E..O.N: jksmanga For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga