Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1264 - Black Flames

After obtaining the Demon tier weapon, Sam suggested for Erin to wrap it up for the time being to keep it away from the eye of the others. He had prepared a basic blue coloured cloth which was placed on Erin’s back, but she planned to ask Alex to make a special sheathe, so they could better hide the strong energy radiating from it.

Before meeting with the forger though, Leo and Erin were both interested to hear just what exactly had happened to this place, since Sam had been vague so far.

"I don’t plan to keep silent about this matter, I just thought it would be easier for you to see for yourself." Sam explained. "Luckily for you guys, nearly the whole thing was caught on tape."

Heading to the command centre, on the way they stopped by Logan’s office. There wasn’t much for them to talk about, but Leo gave a few words of encouragement like a teacher would to their students, while Erin couldn’t stop staring at the robotic arm underneath, until she eventually spoke up.

"At least you didn’t have to get turned into a vampire. You’ve always been a bit different and unique, this just makes it more so."..

Logan thought about her statement for a moment. It hadn’t really bothered him that much, but he guessed she had a point.

"Thank you." Logan simply replied.

An awkward encounter to say the least, from two students who had never really talked to one another. Next they headed to the command centre. Using the big screen, Sam showed them everything, starting from when Quinn and the others had been attacked by Innu. At times he informed them about certain things not caught on tape.

Of course, they already knew some of what was going on, even when they had been tracking down Pure they had kept up to date with things, but Sam wanted to give them the necessary context they might need. After all, they knew nothing about Supreme Commander Oscar’s demise, the new member Shiro, the invasion of the Dalki and many other things.

At the end of it, Erin almost felt tired just listening to the story, as she imagined herself being in each of the situations they had been through.

"They....they went through all of that." Erin murmured to herself, her mouth left wide open. Now she felt even less deserving of the weapon on her back. Her earlier proclamation of wanting to prove that she deserved to wield the blade suddenly felt a whole lot heavier.

Looking over the two, Sam could tell that they were deep in thought, perhaps feeling guilty that they had been absent at such a crucial time.

"Look guys, nobody blames you. All of us know that you were doing something important and you wouldn’t just have left without good reason." Sam said. "Nobody knows what would have happened if you were here and we can’t change the past, so there’s no point mulling over it."

"I didn’t show you everything so the two of you would feel guilty or so that you would stay here rather than return to the Vampire World. Honestly, in my opinion it would be better for you to go back. After Quinn received the news of what was happening, he was even debating whether to outright ignore the order from the council and get involved."

"With both of you there, I think it would give him a little piece of mind."

Hearing this was definitely the type of encouragement they both needed. Even Leo, although wise in his age and experience, had never quite been faced with such a situation like they were currently in. He had his own agenda with Pure, his responsibilities as a Vampire knight, a leader of the Cursed faction and his student Erin all to balance carefully.

"Thank you Sam, if it weren’t for the many reliable people the Cursed faction has managed to gather I don’t think I would be able to achieve as much as I have done so far."

——

With that, it was finally time for the two of them to head to the forgery room to accomplish their original reason for coming back to the Cursed faction. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

As always the sound of clanging was heard as they were approaching, and when the doors opened, they were expecting to see Alex hammering away with his other assistants on board, but the two of them were in for another shock.

As expected they could see Alex, hammering away freely with his wings out, but next to him....

’Did Quinn create another Blood fairy?’ Erin wondered. ’No, is he maybe another subclass? An evolution perhaps?’

The surprises didn’t seem to stop. She had never seen the giant guy next to Alex before, and she was remembering the troubles the Cursed faction had gone through in the Vampire world just having one Blood fairy.

There was no need for the two to announce that they had entered the room, for straight away, Andrew looked up and stared directly at Erin.

"My word, I never thought I would see it back here again, yet here it is." The large man spoke, as he lifted up his forging mask, and put his hammer down. His giant red wings started to flap about fast with excitement walking towards Erin.

’What is going on? Why is he coming towards me?’ Unable to make heads or tails of the situation, Erin went to grab the weapon, but before she reached it. Alex noticed that Andrew had stopped his work. Looking over he saw Erin’s actions.

"Hey, relax, both of you, we’re all on the same side!" Alex exclaimed nervously, worried his wings could be sliced off at any second. The few times he had talked and dealt with Erin, she hadn’t exactly been the patient type of person.

With both sides having calmed down, Alex introduced the returning duo the giant forger and told them that Andrew was the one who had worked on the Demon tier weapon that Erin currently wielded. After learning of this fact, her whole demeanor completely changed.

"Thank you so much for creating such a masterpiece." Erin bowed down, several times. "This weapon, the balance, everything about it is perfect for my use."

This was something that Alex would have never imagined the old Erin doing, she had certainly changed a lot since the last time he had seen her.

"Haha." Andrew started laughing, not really being offended by Erin’s prior actions at all. He was just happy to see the weapon again."Originally I created it for a man the same size as me, so I find it a little strange you saying that the weapon is a perfect fit for yourself."

"Go on then, what do you want us to make?" Alex smiled, knowing full well that the only time people came down here was when they wanted someone to make a weapon for him. Perhaps some would feel a bit sad at this, but making weapons was Alex’s favourite thing to do, and the fact that people trusted him so much these days to personally make a weapon for them, was a blessing that he had never thought he would be able to achieve in the past.

"I have obtained a Demi-god tier crystal, but it is only one. I hope it will be enough to create a katana-like blade. You can use mine for reference." Leo stated his request, taking his off, and handing it over to Alex. The second Alex touched it though, he immediately dropped it to the floor.

"Sorry, it must have been my butter fingers." Alex said, knowing this wasn’t true, as a forger he had strong fingers, and when he went to pick it up again, he dropped it almost immediately as a strange feeling could be felt when holding the sword.

’No wonder this forger is special, even he can feel that it’s cursed.’ Leo thought.

Finally, on a third attempt, Alex picked it up with both hands firmly.

"Tell me, this sword is important to you, correct? You have only brought me one Demi-god tier crystal so I don’t know if it will be enough to create you a weapon of the calliper that is needed, but recently I came across an upgrade crystal and with it I found out a few new techniques. If you are willing to test it out. I could try to use the Demi-god tier crystal to upgrade your current weapon instead.

"No sorry that would be wrong, it would be a new weapon, using the current sword to give the Demi-god tier weapon a boost."

Hearing this, Leo thought it was a great opportunity. Honestly he didn’t want to stop using his current weapon, for it carried the will of his former companions with him, but if the weapon could be used, would the Cursed effect move on to the new weapon.

"What are the chances of success?" Leo asked.

"Fifty percent. Well that’s not completely correct. It’s guaranteed that it will be a Demi-god tier blade, although it might be on the low end and closer to a Legendary tier weapon, but if it works..."

"Please, I will put my trust in you." Leo interrupted him.

After that, the two made two more requests for a blood weapon to be made from the many blood crystals that Erin had gathered. For the blood weapon the best crystals were selected while the others were given to Alex to keep and use how he wished.

Meanwhile, Andrew would be making a special sheath to cover the Demon tier Sword’s energy. A task he was most pleased to do.

Of course the weapons would take a while to make, so both Erin and Leo were left on the ship for a while, and for the first time they could eventually rest. In doing so, and with nothing to do, Erin decided that there was someone that she needed to visit who she hadn’t done in a long time.

While heading to the canteen, the two of them finally met again.

"Layla!" Erin called out.

"Erin," Layla called out back, dropping her plate of food out of surprise, but Erin caught it before it could touch the floor.

Leo, who was with them to grab some food, noticed something with his ability almost straight away, that by Layla’s waist she had a sword.

"Hey, When did you get a new sword? I knew you had the old one but you hardly used it." Erin asked.

Looking at the energy surrounding the sword, something was incredibly off about it. Usually beast weapons gave off a red colour which Leo could perceive through his ability, the same as beasts themselves. In the same vein, vampires gave off a purple energy, so what was up with this weapon that looked to have black flames spiralling from it.

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n, it’s only $3 dollar a month and read My Werewolf System exclusively. If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga