Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1266 - Dragon Eyes

The fight between the two young women continued. Layla mainly used her arrows as a type of distraction while also throwing out her black balls that when hit would summon the Spiritual chains trapping her for a few seconds, but since Erin knew what they did she was able to avoid them easily.

Surprisingly, Layla had become the aggressor in their training fight, Erin had remained on the defensive attacking her with a few simple Blood swipes and with her sword now and again. However, those attacks proved to be ineffective in front of the black sword.

Despite the speed the attacks were coming out towards her at, Layla had enough control to power her body with Qi, allowing her arms to move at a faster speed, if she were to attack with sword itself though she didn’t have much options. Afraid that in her regular form, she would be outmatched in strength in a head on clash.

The downside of the black sword was that it negated anything it came into contact with, including Layla’s Qi, if she tried to empower it or her own Telekinesis ability on the blade itself as well. Without transforming, the only thing she could do was use her arrows to attack.

"Erin has become far more patient." Leo noted from the side. "After realising her first attack had been negated, she is now testing out the limits of Layla’s capabilities.."

Leo was commenting on the fight, pointing out the good points and bad points of both sides. Nate, who was standing by his side, was wondering just who the words were exactly meant for, but his thoughts were also on something else. Since he could just listen to the analysis of the fight thanks to the Blind Swordsman, Nate kept staring at Leo’s eyes.

’Is he really blind? His pupils are white and everything, but then how is he able to tell so clearly what’s going on in the fight? Well, that much he might have been able to feel, but just how the hell did he manage to watch the video of us fighting then?’ Nate wondered, but he didn’t consider it proper to ask the other.

There were only a few people that had experienced the vision that Leo could see through his ability. That being Erin who had the same ability and Vorden when he had once borrowed it. The ability that both Leo and Erin shared was called Dragon Eyes.

It allowed the ones who had this ability to see everything in a wireframe like view. Leo could actually see the people in front of him, the room around them and if a leaf were to fall down he could see that too, only from his perspective it would look like a small object made up of small white lines.

What this also meant, was that Leo was actually able to see through objects and walls and what was over on the other side. However, he was unable to see the natural colour of things.

The amazing thing about this type of view was that it allowed him to differentiate between different types of life energy by their respective colours. He could see this energy in such detail that it would often move before the person themselves moved as well.

However, these colours that represented different energies when using his ability were different to when he was sensing them using his Qi. For example, Dragon Eyes showed vampires as a mass of purple energy, humans as a yellow energy, and beast as a red type of energy.

But if Leo was to use his Qi to sense energy, the vampire internal energy would appear red. Because of how his ability worked, Leo was able to watch the videos on the screen just fine, it just looked different to how others would perceive it.

He was unable to tell from the first glance who was who on the screen and had to guess from the wireframe shapes. Also due to it being a video, he couldn’t sense the energy coming off them, but thanks to the commentary and Erin by his side, he had managed to figure out certain details along the way.

The fight was starting to heat up, as Layla had transformed into their second form, where she now had the speed and strength of a regular vampire and with her added Qi she would be even stronger.

’This body can handle a bit more of the Qi that’s in my body, but not as much as the fourth form, and I can’t use the abilities of any of the other forms, but this will have to do!" Layla thought charging in, but suddenly before she could even swing her sword in a full motion, Erin went on the offensive.

The suppression chains came off and she swung them out, wrapping around Layla’s arms to the side.

"The first form." Leo commented, recognising the movements.

The suppression chains when wrapped around Layla’s arms also made her feel slightly weaker and with Erin’s strength, she was able to yank her arm away, pulling her sword and strike to the side, so it had hit nothing but the floor.

Straight after, Erin was already directly in front of her, and the Dhampir thrusted her sword forward directly into the other’s stomach. At the last second, she turned the sword so only the guard of the sword had hit her, and Layla was sent flying back with the chains released.

’Now for the second form!’ Erin thought, as she pulled her chains back.

"That’s enough!" Leo declared the end of this fight.

Hearing that, Erin took a second to look over Layla’s condition. The other still hadn’t recovered from the attack.

"Layla, I asked you to fight me at your full strength. Where was your fourth form?" Erin questioned, disappointed. She had been looking forward to testing out the new swordsmanship style she had created against someone other than Leo, but after the first form, Layla seemed unable to fight for a while.

After recovering a little bit Layla finally answered, fidgeting a bit towards the end. "I tried, but the first time it happened I... I ended up losing control. I just haven’t been able to transform into that again... ever since. Not even back then during the fight... even though we could have really used it..."

Walking over, Erin gave her hand out and lifted her friend off the ground.

"You... are you afraid of using it? Trust me, I understand. The whole reason why me and Leo needed to leave this place was because I needed to find a way to control myself. Thanks to Leo I managed to do it and if I can manage to suppress my condition, I just know you’ll be able to as well. I’ll look forward to the time the two of us can fight again."

In all honesty, it had been the fact that Layla had been so impressive at the beginning of their fight that Erin had believed that there was more to come. For this reason, she had gotten swayed up in the flow of the fight, and when she had seen Layla’s second form and her opponent holding the sword like that, it had been her chance to act.

Nate couldn’t quite believe it. He had only seen one of the forms, but was trying to imagine what he would have done differently to deal with the situation. His fighting sense was far better than Layla’s but he could tell that a lot of thought was put into linking an attack with the chains and sword after.

’The best thing to do is to avoid the chains, I wonder what the second form would have looked like?’

"Excellent." Leo walked over, clapping his hands to congratulate the progress of the two of them. "Layla, I was able to see the Qi you added to those arrows. Not only did you supply them with Qi when you were touching them, but you managed to also supply more to them after they had left your bow. I think there is great room for improvement for both of you."

"I’ve decided that while me and Erin are waiting for our weapons, I will personally train the both of you. For the next week we will focus on you two learning what your soul weapons are."

——

In the Cursed faction, Layla hadn’t been the only one that had been mulling over her weakness. For there was one other that had felt like he hadn’t been that much help during the Blade family’s attack. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

In the research room, Logan was currently working away from the other, creating another anti jammer device to be sent to another one of the planets.

The Cursed faction’s planets had been the priority, but now they had also been requested to help the Graylash group as well as the Earthborn group as well.

"You don’t understand, Logan! He just slapped me! It was a single slap and because of his stupid ability I was unable to retaliate! I didn’t even manage to get so much as a single punch in! A freaking slap!" Peter shouted, getting more and more annoyed at himself as he remembered his ’fight’ with Hilston.

Pausing his work, Logan looked over. One of the reasons he and Peter had been getting along so well, had been that both had been rather ’emotionless’, yet if one were to look at the Wight this was hard to believe. Aware that if he didn’t comfort Peter, this could go on for a long time, Logan spoke up.

"I think you are being a bit too hard on yourself. Remember who you were up against. He wasn’t considered the strongest human in the world for nothing. We all saw what that man was capable of. If I had been the one to fight him, my whole body would have most likely been crushed by that single slap you keep mentioning." With that Logan went back to his work, believing that to be the end of this argument.

"But even he wasn’t enough." Peter added. "Even he lost the fight against Slicer, and if he didn’t have his Demon tier Armour he would have been doomed. I know I keep getting stronger based on Quinn’s growth and I can feel that, but then how am I meant to help everyone if I’m just a weaker version of Quinn?"

Letting out a sigh, Logan stopped his work again, facing Peter once more.

"Although you may get your strength from Quinn, you and him are not the same, Your fighting style, your experience, your weapons and such are all different. Just focus on those differences between the two of you and use them to your advantage."

Peter started to consider Logan’s advice. "Let’s see... I heal quicker than Quinn does to the point I can practically regrow limbs. I eat human flesh instead of blood... but none of these things have ever helped me in a fight."

"Isn’t there one more thing that you can do that you haven’t really fully utilised?" Logan asked with a raised eyebrow.

That’s when it clicked in Peter’s head, there was one thing that he could do that was different from Quinn.

"The Wights! I can create other Wights!"

"It seems like you got it. From what I have learned from watching Quinn, vampires are still able to evolve, especially their skills and at a much quicker rate than humans can."

"Perhaps there is something else you can do other than just creating Wights. If it was me, I would keep them and run tests to check if they could evolve into something else."

"Since you should have roughly the same power as Quinn, just Imagine if they could match up to you in strength!" Logan encouraged his friend... and with that he got back to work.

’Wights huh... but I would need dead bodies to create them. Where would I find dead bodies on the Cursed ship, and who?’ Peter thought to himself.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n, it’s only $3 dollar a month and read My Werewolf System exclusively. If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga