Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1270 - Everyone Upgraded

It had been a while since Leo had received a new blade to use. He had trusted his cursed sword for so long and had always had it by his side. Although it wasn’t the best blade for hunting beasts, he didn’t need it to be, thanks to Leo’s skills and his power of Qi.

The main reason he kept the blade was due to the Curse that had been left behind in the weapon. He could feel the power of the sword rise with energy whenever he fought against the Dalki. If he had ever outright told people this, they would think he had gone mad.

No one had heard of such a thing happening before, but it worked similar to a passive skill, only when going up against the Dalki. Which was why he also knew that it might be impossible for Alex to pass on this sort of thing when creating a new weapon.

"I think it’s best if you picked it up," Alex said smiling, and Leo did just that, and when he did, he could tell instantly.

"I’m sorry to say, but if I pick that thing up myself, I think I wouldn’t be able to work for the rest of the day." Alex chuckled.. He was proud of his accomplishments.

Although he didn’t have the same ability as Leo or was as intune at sensing different types of Qi, he could tell that when creating the weapon with the Demi-god tier crystal, something had happened. Everything changed when he had melted down Leo’s old sword. The power was still strong from it, and adding it to the new Demi-god tier weapon, he had created something he had never done so before.

Leo picked it up, and it was nearly an identical weight to his last sword, but just as Alex said, the Curse didn’t weaken. Instead, it was enhanced. The sword had a complete makeover in colour, as the hilt was black, and the sword had a wave pattern going along the metal. The bottom half is a dark purple with a bladed edge. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

"I wasn’t able to really touch the sword after it was complete. I wasn’t joking about what I said earlier, so I’m not sure if it has an active skill or not." Alex said.

Leo placed the sword away in the sheath he had. Since the blade was identical to his last one in size and shape, it fitted perfectly. He wouldn’t test if it had an active skill or not for now, for he didn’t know what It could do and would be afraid it could hurt others.

There was no Quinn here, where one could use their inspect skill to find out weapons’ active or passive skills. Finally, Leo had a Demi-god blade that could rival any weapon out there, and with his strength in Qi, he was sure he wouldn’t lose out to Demon tier weapons either.

The next blade that was placed on the table was also a katana style blade. It looked pretty regular for a blood weapon. Just leak a katana blade one would see any forger make. Though there were differences.

If one was to look closely, in the middle of the blade was a single line that went all the way to the tip. It was clear to see through like glass. That’s when Erin noticed there was something similar at the bottom of it as well.

"The details are due to it being a blood weapon," Alex explained. "The sword fills up as more blood is inputted into the sword, and then as you use its powers more, you will see the blood draining down from the tip. Not all blood weapons have this, but I got the idea from seeing Fex’s blood weapon.

"I think it’s a good idea in a fight to know when you need to refill it, a bit like a car."

It made Erin wonder. The sword worked from being filled with Human blood. They were informed that it also worked with Dalki blood. However, it did not empower itself with vampire blood. What about her own blood?

After all, she was considered only half-vampire, perhaps her blood was different, but she had decided not to test that out in front of Alex, not that she didn’t trust him, but she just didn’t want to feel different, even amongst the other subclasses on the ship.

’Even Alex now has another Blood fairy by his side, yet I’m the only Dhampir? What would happen if I tried to turn someone?’ Shaking her head and placing the sword in her own scabbard, she tried to let such thoughts go out from her head.

Having collected both of their weapons, they thanked Alex and Andrew for their creations. The two of them headed back to the teleportation room to finally head back to the Vampire world.

"Are you sure you don’t want to say goodbye to Layla before we leave?" Leo asked.

"No," Erin said. "I see no point in saying goodbye because I believe we will be returning soon anyway."

"Well, let’s just hope that not much has happened in the vampire world while we were away. The fact that Paul has allowed us to travel back there should be a good sign." Leo commented. Although he was thinking it could be a bad one as well. As it also could indicate that he needed their help.

The two of them stepped through the teleportation heading back to the vampire world.

——

A short while later, and Sam had learnt of the two of them having already headed back. He felt a little bad, for he had just missed the two of them. If they had stayed a little longer, they could have come on board for what he had planned next. For he had just received a bit of good news.

’I guess the two of them will be okay without it anyway, and perhaps they are needed more over there.’ Sam thought.

Still, he would deliver the news to the rest of the Cursed leaders, as a meeting had been called in the command centre for all of them. Everyone arrived promptly, compared to how they would usually.

With how things were, every one of them was prepared for an announcement that a fight was about to set off at any second. Sam could see this as everyone had a serious look for once on their face.

"Wow, I wish you guys were like this every time. You can relax, I guess you could say this is good news for you all." Sam smiled. "As you know, Quinn had ordered all the high tier crystals to go to those that were hunting on the front line. Because of this, the Daisy faction had used most of the crystals for themselves to create beast armour and more.

"Next, Quinn wanted the forgers to also create equipment for themselves to protect themselves if there was another attack on the Cursed ship, just like there was one recently. On top of this, there is a crystal shortage so nearly all crystals gathered have to be stored and rationed out to the other Shelters. Because of all of this, the Cursed leaders have been lacking in the equipment department."

So far, everything Sam had said just made it sound like there wasn’t any good news at all, but the best news was to come.

"I just got a report from Vorden, who is on Blade island at the moment. Apparently, Hilston was keeping some pretty interesting things underneath his castle. It’s been a long time since you got anything, so I thought it would be nice for all of you to upgrade. What I am suggesting is for the leaders of the Cursed group to head to the Blade island and get first pick on the equipment there."

Hearing about this, there were some large smiles on some of their faces, Particularly Nate and others. They didn’t really use beast weapons. So having a strong set of beast armour and items was vital.

"The beast equipment has already been forged. My guess is he properly also stripped some of the Chained and threw their equipment in there. So no one can complain about us keeping using crystals to make items, this is the best use for it, and then with the remainder of the items, we will hand them out to the rest of the crew."

It certainly was good news for them all. Even Layla was pleased by this. She had a great weapon by her side, and her training was bearing fruit. If she had a new set of armour on top of this, she would grow even further.

"I do have one last thing to mention," Sam said before everyone got too excited. "Everyone here will be going to the island, while Megan will be left in charge of the place."

"So you will be coming as well, Sam?" Nate asked, thinking back to the last time the two of them could hunt or fight together side by side.

"Yes, including me, but there is a reason for this. Richard Eno believes that an attack is bound to happen soon, which is why I have also decided to send all of us to the island. With the teleporters back online, we can travel from there to here, but we also have to make sure that no one gets through those teleporters.

"If everyone understands, then let’s get to it," Sam said with a smile, happy to finally be leaving the Cursed ship after a long time.

Before they left, Peter cleared his throat.

"Ah, thats right," Sam said, struggling to get his words out. "I do have to make everyone aware that you might be seeing a pair of legs and a headless man around..."

*******

If you want to support me, you can do so on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

You will get access to the MVS + MWS webtoon for only $3 dollar a month.

For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga