Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1276 - A Mistake

Underneath the Blade castle, both Vorden and Raten were sitting inside one of the cells. At the moment, the two Blade siblings were busy consuming crystals, one by one, impatiently waiting for the energy to be consumed by their bodies that would hopefully allow them to evolve to the next tier. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Both of them were sitting on the ground, and had a small mountain of crystals next to them. According to Muddy and Tails, the easiest way for their bodies to absorb the energy inside those crystals was just to eat them. However, the downside was the drowsy feeling they would experience as their body was using that energy to grow.

This was why they had decided to do it underground, away from any distraction of beasts or others and even if someone did come down, they would have to go through the cell doors first. To do that, they would have to pass Borden, who acted as a bodyguard for the two of them.

Since there was no sign of anybody, Borden had just watched the show of Vorden and Raten seemingly competing in an eating contest. After consuming a crystal, both had their eyes closed, making it seem as if they had gone to sleep after overeating.

Technically, evolution wasn't the only way for the two of them to get stronger in their current form. Although beasts were unable to activate most beast gear because of their body, there were some special crystals that could be made into beast gear for beasts… Unfortunately, they were so rare that the group hadn't come across any so far.

Still, around Tail's waist there was a pouch that would allow Vorden to carry a few things around. The only thing currently inside was the green injection for little Borden to use his full strength whenever it was needed.

It was almost impossible for Borden to carry them himself so he did need to rely on others for that part. Still, he was happy that he could help out. Walking up to Vorden's pile of crystals, Borden grabbed onto one of the crystals.

'Dalki are half beast, right? So if I eat this thing will it help me grow stronger as well?' Borden wondered. He quickly disregarded this thought, despite how much he wanted to take the bite of the crystal for two reasons.

The first was that it was his job to protect the other two. If the crystal worked on him in a similar fashion like it did for the two before him, then he would enter a weak state like them, so now wasn't the time to be testing things.

The second reason was just common sense. If crystals really helped the Dalki race evolve, then they should have already been consuming them by now, Borden was sure they would have done the test for it.

'I better just give this crystal back to them.' Borden thought, as he went to put the crystal in Vorden's hand so he didn't have to grab another one from the pile.

It was at that moment, that he could see something coming from above the cave slowly moving. Most wouldn't have noticed, but Borden did.

'What is that?' Borden thought, and immediately started to go for Vorden's pouch, carefully grabbing the injection.

"What's going on?" Vorden asked in a sleepy tone.

Injecting himself, the green energy was rising inside of him and his body started to grow until he was as big as his sleepy brothers. Reaching his full size, Borden quickly threw out both of his hands, and grabbed onto the objects that were moving.

'What are these? Hang on, are these… tree roots?' Borden was confused.

Surprisingly, the roots were not only durable but also very strong. Borden had only just finished his transformation, yet they were easily able to lift him up, swinging him to the ground right into a pile of crystals.

This caused both Raten, and Vorden to come to their senses, and they both stood up.

"You little twerp, I thought you were meant to stop anyone from coming inside!" Raten shouted in anger.

"They're coming from above!" Borden shouted, as the two looked up, they could see several roots hovering in the air, yet Borden noticed that they seemed to be ignoring him, instead they seemed focused solely on the direction of his siblings.

Quikly, Borden jumped up, and grabbed on to two of the roots again, hanging like a monkey on the vines. Using his strength, he tried his best to pull on the roots as hard as possible but no matter how hard he was pulling it didn't seem like it was breaking.

'What the hell kind of tree is this?!'

———

Meanwhile, Layla had just handed over the black sword to Quinn once again, who stood a few steps away from the tablet. Before he could reach the tablet, he suddenly felt the amulet around his neck connecting again.

'I can feel the tree… is it struggling with something?' Quinn wondered. Curious what could have happened, Quinn decided to take Full Control over the tree again. Since the tree was busy in more than just one place, it took the Vampire Lord a while to find the reason for his amulet reaction.

'Crap, stop, stop!!!' Quinn thought to himself. The underground roots retreated, as he made them go elsewhere. Exiting his Full Control, he went back to Partial Control and made sure to convey that the two of them were their allies, forbidding the tree for marking them.

'Well, that was definitely a big mistake on my part.' Quinn blamed himself as he put on a guilty face. It was his own fault for giving the Rosesus tree the simple command of trying to take over as many strong beasts on the island as it could. With the Dragon next to it, he had kept in mind to exclude it from that list, but he had forgotten about Vorden and Raten.

'Look, I didn't do it on purpose. It's just because I never saw those two as beasts in the first place, I just always thought of them as people like the rest of us.' Quinn thought, speaking to Vincent who he imagined was judging him at this point. Just to be on the safe side, he also designated Layla and the others as allies to prevent something like that happening in the future.

Putting this short episode to the back of his mind, Quinn walked the last steps forwards, until he stood directly in front of the table, the black sword in his hand. Layla wasn't too far behind him, curious to see what would happen.

Unafraid of the tablet, Quinn pressed his hand against it.

"Hey… hey are you there? You can still hear me, right? Last time you just stopped speaking to me, but I know something is up with this sword. It seems to be reacting to the tablet, or probably you and I know that it's also somehow connected to my Quest…" Quinn continued to mumble, in the hopes of receiving an answer.

The tablet started to light up brightly once again, just as it had done in the past when Quinn had touched it before. Finally the voice inside said something.

"Yes, I can hear you. It appears that you have brought something that is quite troublesome with you." The voice didn't seem too pleased about the sword in Quinn's hand. As for Quinn, he wasn't in a position to overly care about yet another disembodied voice, he just wanted to complete the Quest, if only to learn more about his Talen family line.

"A quest, you say? Now, that's something I haven't heard in a long time. What type of quest are you on? Who has told you to bring this sword to me? I mean, with the way I am now I can't exactly do anything about it. …was it that damned woman again?" The voice on the tablet started to ramble.

When learning that all of the abilities came from the tablet, and it was from this great being that lived in the tablet, Quinn thought that perhaps he was some type of god, but the more he listened to him the more it sounded like a normal person like everyone else.

He also thought there was a simple misunderstanding. Quinn was referring to the Quest his system had given him, but it sounded like the one in the tablet thought someone had sent him on a quest.

"Look, I really don't know how long I can speak to you for. Last time we were cut off before I could even ask you the questions that only you might be able to answer, so we need to hurry this up. I can tell this sword isn't a beast weapon, so just what is it? What does it have to do with my Talen family?"

There was silence from the tablet for a while. Quinn was starting to worry that the connection had disappeared once more.

"Can you hear me? I need to know more about the sword, or at least about my family. Please, you might really be the only one to help me with that." Quinn pleaded, since that person had been the only lead he had in that direction.

"Yes…I know about the Talen family… and I know about the sword as well… I suppose it's better if I start from the beginning. My original name was Sen."

Quinn was happy that the voice agreed to his request, but he didn't have time for any long winded life stories, not when he was worried that any second now the connection would break off just like it had done the last time. To be frank, Quinn could care less about the name of the one inside the tablet? He just needed to get answers to his questions, so why start from the beginning.

"I say my original name, because my story is a bit special. To be more precise I was reincarnated into a human and I bore the name given to me by my parents. A name that reminded them of a ray of sunshine…"

'Come on already!' Quinn was about to shout in anger.

"They gave me the name of Ray Talen."