Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1285 - Moody Dragon

Brock, Eno and Vincent were standing mere meters away from the Demon tier beast that looked like a Dragon. Initially, they had been unsure if it was going to attack them or leave them be, as it had just continued staring at them, but once it had let out that almighty roar, they all understood that none of them were welcome anymore. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

When Quinn had gone up to the tablet, Vincent was unable to hear the voice on the other side, but he could hear what Quinn was saying. It sounded one sided but he could guess the words that were being spoken and Quinn often updated him on what was happening as he wanted a second opinion.

However, for the first time, Vincent had heard the voice, and knowing that it didn't come from the other two with him, he was certain that it had come from the tablet itself, meaning it had come from the one that Quinn had called Ray.

'Could it be that I can hear the voice because I'm in Quinn's body?' Vincent theorised, however, looking at the two in front, it was clear from their confused looks that they too had heard it. .

Noticing this, he looked past the Dragon to see that the tablet had lit up, just as it had done when Quinn would speak to it, even though at the moment no one was touching it.

"Please… get out of here!" The voice insisted once more but it started to fade away, and so did the light of the tablet, indicating that it could no longer help.

Just when the tablet's light had faded the Dragon started to charge towards the three of them. With its mighty legs, each step caused the ground to rumble. The beast opened its maw wide, revealing the orange light at the back of its throat.

'We have to get out of here. That Ray guy wouldn't warn us if this wasn't serious. Right now, none of us are a match for it. Perhaps even the enemy has underestimated the strength of the Demon tier beast!' Vincent thought, as he went to grab onto the one closest to him, Brock.

The fire was ready to leave the beast's mouth and Eno was a few fingertips away. Seeing this, Vincent had no choice, but to use Quinn's shadow to travel, placing both him and Brock in the shadow underneath to move away, yet the ancient vampire stood there unafraid.

When the flames were about to touch him, the middle spire of his crown started to light up, and soon the rest of his armour did so as well. The fire crashed into Eno yet somehow none of it touched him. The flames spread as if they were hitting some type of wall, and when looking at Eno, ripples of red aura could be seen in the air contumely moving.

"There was no need for you to do that." Brock stated without looking at his 'rescuer' his gaze fixed at Eno who was blocking the attack.

"Excuse me for wanting to help you… how was I supposed to know his blood armour could do that?" Vincent replied. Blood armour wasn't exactly common, in fact it was rare enough to see someone so much as wear it. From his limited experience, he was sure that the set of armour should have great defence, so he had considered the possibility of Eno surviving the attack, yet he had never thought about it being able to create something like a force field.

"Granted, you couldn't have known. The Vampire King's set, Arthur's set, every blood armour set has a different skill, just like some blood weapons." Brock nodded.

Vincent was thinking back to the fight with Cindy. How the blood armour had been powered by not just human blood but vampire blood as well. To this day, Vincent still wasn't sure what the king's blood armour did, other than radiating a part of the armour, and a strong force being exerted from that area.

However, he was sure of one thing, that each of the blood armours required blood for their ability to activate, yet Vincent could see none.

"As long as we stay behind Richard, we are safe." Brock repeated.

Noticing that its flames didn't have the intended effect, the Dragon stopped, but the trail of flames continued, so Eno continued to stand there waiting for the attack to end. The Demon tier beast turned around, swinging his gigantic tail at a speed that even a vampire would struggle to keep up with, much less the ancient vampire who was rooted in place,

It went through its own flames like it was nothing, the tail was also coming from the side rather than head on. Seeing this, Brock's facade changed for the first time to a look of worry.

'Is he limited to blocking only attacks from the front or is it because he is still blocking the flames?' Vincent wondered seeing this.

The next second, the giant tail slammed into Eno and his armour, sending him flying. A blur was seen passing through the jungle, and the sound of several trees were heard breaking as he crashed through them one by one.

It appeared that Eno, who always seemed to have some type of trump card up his sleeve or some secret backup plan, came up short for once. In fact, Vincent wouldn't be surprised if he might even be out of this fight altogether.

"It looks like it might have been a good thing that me and you were in this shadow, after all." Vincent cockily noted.

"We have to check if the master Is okay, let me out of this place!" Brock demanded, not in the mood for any jabs.

"Hold on." Vincent held him back. Now wasn't the time to lose their temper, not when there was still a giant and angry Demon tier beast in their immediate vicinity.

The two of them had traveled out of the open area, and were looking at everything that was going on from the outskirts of the jungle. The Dragon hadn't done much, it had only breathed a single breath of fire and swung its tail, and not even Eno could face something like that with his blood amour. It was clear that the two of them stood no chance.

'Perhaps by using the shadow powers, I could block one attack. Wait, isn't Quinn's Shadow overload skill the answer? With the soul weapon active it gives him an unlimited amount of MC cells, as long as he can move the shadow fast enough he could block any attack?'

Still, that wouldn't help them defeat the Dragon, they would still be lacking in the fire power department, not to mention their primary goal was to defend the beast, not to defeat it.

"Alright, it seems the Dragon has gone back to its usual spot by the tablet. It's no longer sleeping like it was before, but I think as long as we stay out of its way, things will be fine. It seems to attack anyone that gets too close to it." Vincent noted.

Brock found Vincent's conjecture convincing, but right now he couldn't care less about that overgrown lizard, he just wanted to hurry up and check whether Eno was okay. Since they didn't have to fear the wrath of the beast any longer, Vincent let go of him.

"I'll stay by the Dragon's side. Just go and see if the old man is okay. Well, I guess we're all old timers, huh." Vincent chuckled to himself, as the two of them left the shadow to travel and were back in the jungle, not too far from the open area.

"Just don't get too close to that Dragon on your way back!" Vincent stressed.

Brock nodded and was already running off into the direction Eno had been sent to. It was easy enough to follow him, given the line of destruction he had left.

Meanwhile, Vincent remained, waiting to see just how the enemy was planning to capture such a wild beast.

———

All blood armour that had been created was strong beyond belief. Even Quinn had been unable to put so much as a dent in the blood armour while Cindy had been wearing it. He had only managed to damage her body through it, and this was exactly how Eno felt right now.

To his luck, he had been hit into a cave behind a waterfall, but on his way he had crashed into several trees, eventually recovering mid air he had stopped himself before hitting any of the walls in the cave he was in.

'I knew it would have been better to stick to my original plan of moving the Demon tier beast. If those brats had only listened to me, we could have simply focused on fighting the enemy in front of us. Now we have to worry about the Demon tier beast as well. I hate it when I'm stressed out.' Eno thought standing up letting the blood flow out of his mouth, but he soon made a circle motion with his finger, opening up a small portal that looked similar to the ones the ships had come from.

Putting his hand inside, he pulled out a flask, and started to chug down on the blood inside.

Surprised, Eno could hear sounds beyond the wall of water that was crashing down in front of him. Eno decided to walk towards the cave entrance that was covered by the wall of water falling from above and eventually jumped through it landing on a large rock around the edge of the river.

There he could see a certain person, calmly walking through the jungle, with two large Dalki by his side.

"JIM!!!!" Eno shouted out.