Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1286 - The Back Up

There was one more member of the Cursed faction that had arrived with the group, but hadn't been part of any of the plans so far, nor had Eno given him any direction. This was because the moment he had arrived, rather than to go through the hidden stash of beast gear Hilston Blade had accumulated, he had been told to do something else.

While the others had been gleefully searching for treasure, Logan had headed for Blade Island's so-called Temple. It was a place where the Blade kids had been forced to learn how to fight and use their abilities. As for the reason why Logan was here, it was all because Sam had given him a special mission, a task that only he could do.

'Sam's intellect might not be as vast as mine, but his foresight sure is impressive. Then again, sending me here was also the obvious choice.' Logan thought, as he was walking through one of the hallways, searching for the best location to start on his little project. 'Just like Richard Eno himself, it never hurts to have a back up plan, especially since that man can't be trusted.'

The Temple was a large building that was shaped like a square. The centre of it was an open field, which the Blade kids had used to practise. The other parts of the large square were used as classrooms, filled with all sorts of resources…

'This classroom should do.' Logan decided, as he entered one. He placed a circular disk on the floor which had a red light in the centre that lit up. Once he was done there, Logan also went to the roof of the building, and started to set something else up.

While he himself was busy with the tools he had brought along, he had made sure to instruct his spiders to be on the lookout throughout the jungle. The Temple was considered a relatively safe area, away from beasts, but the journey was not.

However, thanks to Logan's little spiders he had been able to avoid any trouble, especially since the Blade siblings had done a good job culling their numbers. The few times he had ended up running into a beast though, Logan had easily been able to fight it off, or just outright kill it.

"That's the fourth one done, now it should be covered by all sides, and I already finished setting up the jammers around the place as well."

Standing up, Logan looked over his work, now there was only one more thing that needed to be done. Grabbing a crystal from the large backpack that was carried by what looked like strange robotic spider legs, Logan placed the crystal in the device.

Fueled by an energy source, it went online and immediately started moving. The device itself looked like a robotic turret, and started to move from left to right. At the moment, they were set to auto mode, but Logan could also control all of them by using a special pair of glasses that he had brought with him. They were also connected to his special suits.

On all sides of the rectangle building, Logan had set up these special turrets that would fire off energy blasts using the power of crystals. Their range wasn't too far, but that was because he didn't want anyone to know he was here in the first place.

Before setting up the turrets, Logan had picked out certain areas to set up the special teleporter jammers. There were two ways to jam the Dalki technology. One was to have it built into the teleporter device. This had been the case with the teleporter next to the tablet.

It was designed this way so the Dalki wouldn't get suspicious and it was easy to protect just one item. As for the second way, that was what Logan had used inside the Temple. They looked similar to the Dalki jammers only that they did the opposite, blocking out the Dalki's teleporter jammers within a certain area.

Setting these up in hiding spots, now the whole Temple was safe from any type of jammer, even if a couple of them were to be destroyed.

Heading back inside Logan headed to another room. This one was smaller than the others and it only had two desks inside, making him slightly curious what exactly it had been used for. Whatever it was, for some reason it had been the one kept in the best shape.

To his right, he could see plenty of books on the shelves as well as anime stories about superheroes.

Before starting his work, he heard a loud roar off in the distance, even from where he was.

"This is the perfect place to set up the teleporter, and it looks like we might need it." Logan mumbled as he got to work.

The special task he had been assigned was to prepare a second teleporter. However, it wasn't so others could come and help them. No, Sam had made it clear that he wanted Logan to make it work one-way. If more people started to appear from the Temple, the enemy might end up targeting that place.

If their task seemed impossible, this teleporter would act as a last resort to ensure they could retreat!

——

After leaving the castle, the Blades decided to head to where they had just heard the loud roar come from. They knew they were heading to the other Demon tier beast.

Perhaps it was overconfidence, but now that Muddy had evolved into a Demon tier beast as well, Raten was sure he could deal with it, if the need arose. His siblings showed no fear as they were heading towards it, which was probably the wrong choice.

Humanoid beasts were meant to be the strongest type of beasts in existence, and Raten was a Demon tier humanoid one. This was where some of Raten's logic had come from.

When seeing it up ahead, Raten charged forward hoping to get to the beast first before the others.

"Raten, wait!' Vorden shouted out. "We don't even know if the others are in trouble, the beast could even be helping us!"

It was clear to him that Raten just wanted to pick a fight with the beast to prove who was the stronger one of the Demon tier beasts. The good thing was, before Raten could leave the jungle, a shadow appeared in front of them, blocking his path. What's more a fist filled with red aura came out of it, aimed at Raten's stomach, sending him a few feet back.

"Calm down, you idiots, or you'll get us all to be killed!" They were being berated by Vincent.

The attack hadn't hurt Raten, not that Vincent had his full strength in the first place. Even if he had, Muddy's new body was strong enough that a punch without any Qi would hardly be noticed by him. The concept of that, was one of the few things that Vincent still hadn't grasped while in Quinn's body.

Blood powers were something he had known, and getting the hang out of the Shadow power had also been easy, but Qi was something foreign to him. Quinn's body might be able to use it, but Vincent hadn't yet figured out how. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

"The Demon tier beast doesn't seem to attack us as long as we don't come too close to it. So it will be in our best interest to make sure none of us enter that open area around it. For now we should stay and keep watch." Vincent explained.

"Who are you?" Vorden asked suddenly. "I've known Quinn for a long time, but I've never heard him speak to us like strangers. Where is Quinn? What have you done to him?!" With Vorden asking these questions, the other two were getting ready for a fight.

———

Quinn was still using Full Control on the Roseus tree, but he could see that the beasts he was using were about to be overwhelmed. What's more from the looks of it, the roots had already marked all the beasts that had been on the island.

'How many of these masked people are there? It seems that I have exhausted all the beasts on the island, yet they just keep coming. The Cursed faction are doing a good job holding them off, but it seems like it's never ending.'

Noticing this, Quinn decided to give a final command to the Roseus tree. To supply beasts that were alive with as much energy as possible, and to also protect the Cursed faction members. The last ones it had marked shouldn't attack the enemy but focus on protecting the others.

'I guess it's time for me to return to my body and see what's happened.' Quinn decided.