Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 130 Fighting the Dalki

Further in the desert, Quinn was plodding away in the loose sand, walking back towards the water well. Beads of sweat were dripping from his forehead, they landed in the sand and dried up faster than he could take a single step. Luckily he hadn’t gone too far away from the well.

The problem was that he felt very weak, and he started to feel weaker by the minute, this made him move slower and slower.

’Perhaps bearing the sun’s heat was not such a good idea’ He thought.

Even though his stats were better than those of a normal person, he actually felt weaker than a normal person would. The only reason he could think of to explain this, was that the sun seemed to be stronger on this planet than it was on earth and on the Red Portal Planet where it was night for half the year.

His MC points had now nearly fully recovered, and he couldn’t wait to finally cast his shadow cloak. However, just before he could activate the skill, Quinn received a worrying message from the system.

[Long exposure to the sun has been confirmed]

[Your body has been weakened further]

[All stats will now be reduced by 80 percent]

"What is this!" Quinn shouted. "80%?!"

At that moment, Quinn had fallen on his knees as his whole body gradually started to feel weaker. Moreover, he started to feel a slight tingle on his skin. It felt as if the surface was burning, and now his skin was incredibly itchy nearly all over.

"What is happening to me? System! Help! Please explain!" Quinn shouted to himself.

"You’re a vampire now." The system replied. "Don’t you remember reading all those vampire fantasy books? Of course, if you stay outside and expose yourself to the sun for too long, there will be bad effects."

"What happens if I stay in the sun for too long?" Quinn groaned with a worried look on his face.

"Well, your stats would continue to decrease further and further, until eventually, POOF!" The system said casually, as if this didn’t bother the system at all, like it was of no consequence to it.

"Well, I can’t take this any longer, I don’t want to find out what POOF! means."

[Skill activated shadow cloak]

The shadow at the bottom of his feet began to slowly surround him, travelling from the soles of his feet all the way to the top of his head. Eventually, he was like a blur of shadow under the radiance of the sun. He became like a human figure made out of shadows.

While this skill is activated, it’s hard for other people to spot him, and it worked best within the darkness or among the shadows. In the desert however it made him stick out like a sore thumb.

Quinn felt his energy slowly returning back to normal, and now he could use his body like how he could do it normally.

[Stats have returned to normal]

His MC points hadn’t fully recovered, Quinn wasn’t bothered bout this, he was returning to the safety of his group, Erin and Vorden could protect him until his MC points fully recovered. In the meantime, there was no need for him to use his abilities in battle. So, for now, he didn’t worry about it too much and try to catch up to the others as quickly as possible.

****

"A Dalki, are you sure?" Vorden asked.

However, before the others could even answer him, they suddenly saw a black figure flying in the sky. It was coming in their direction, landing right in the centre of the well at an incredible speed. It crashed into the large metal machinery, causing it to break apart.

Dust and sand kicked up everywhere, blocking the Dalki’s landing place from view. When the specks of dust and dirt that arose started to settle, the Dalki standing right in the middle of the wreckage, could be seen.

"What is this junk." The Dalki said as he lifted a piece of metal that had broken off. "This is not a shelter." Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Then, the Daiki looked up at the people who had led him to this place. He could see four students standing in front of him.

"You should tell me where the shelter is, now." The Dalki said, pointing to the piece of scrap metal besides Layla.

"M-mm-mee me?" She stammered. "I-it-i-it’s over th-there" She pointed, but she couldn’t help but stutter her words as she was shivering in fear of the creature.

"Thank you, but I’m afraid no one can know that I was here." He then straightened the piece of metal in his hands with his claws. Then, using his fingertips, he sliced the top half of it to create a makeshift spear.

"I must not fail my mission." He said as he chucked the spear towards the students.

Vorden immediately arrived in front of the group and conjured an ice barrier.

"No! That won’t be enough!" Erin said while still lying on the ground. She then lifted her hand and helped Vorden cast another wall behind it, making it as thick as possible, using the last bits of her power.

The makeshift spear crashed through the first ice barrier, it slowed it down slightly, but then it began to pierce through and hit the second wall.

"I need to help." Layla thought as she focused her mind, doing her best to slow down the spear’s movements.

Also, Peter rushed forward to where the ice wall was.

"Peter what are you doing, watch out!" Vorden shouted.

"I can help too!" Peter shouted back. Just behind the second ice wall, Peter placed both of his hands on the ground and in that spot, a piece of earth started to slowly rise, eventually creating a third barrier. The spear continued to go through each of the three walls until its head poked through the earth wall. Then finally, the spear had stopped moving.

"Oh! Looks like they’ve finally started to train you earthlings a bit, I see." The Dalki said. "Perhaps we need to start waging this war again before you earthlings grow even stronger."

"Sil! We need your help now!" Vorden said.

"No!" Sil shouted back.

"If you don’t, we will all die."

"You said you would take me to see Quinn. I don’t even see any Quinn around here! Why would you lie to me? Are you lying to me like all the others?" Sil asked.

"Just ignore the brat!" Raten said. "Let me take over. We don’t have time."

Vorden immediately left the chair and allowed Raten to take over.

The Dalki then rushed forward, and at that moment, Raten placed both of his hands on the ground and a trail of ice materialized, heading straight for the Dalki’s feet.

"Hey ugly!" Raten shouted at the Dalki, in an attempt to provoke it. "When that ugly thing stops moving, fire all the arrows you have at it!" He shouted to Layla.

Although Layla didn’t like the sudden change of tone in Vorden’s voice, she didn’t have time to complain.

The trail of ice eventually reached the Dalki’s feet. However, it didn’t even slow the creature down for a second. As the ice touched its feet, it continued to run forward, breaking the ice with sheer power.

Layla didn’t know what else to do, so she fired an arrow at it anyway. She tried to change the direction of the arrow with her powers to make it unpredictable, but it seemed like the Dalki was paying no attention to her at all.

In the end, she aimed the arrow to go directly into the Dalki’s thigh. However, the arrow simply bounced off, not even leaving a scratch on it. All Layla had was some standard steel arrows that were only as hard as regular bullets, it seemed that she would at least need beast arrows to inflict a wound on a Dalki.

"Damn it!" Raten shouted "Let’s have some lizard barbeque" Using both of his palms, he fired a huge stream of fire towards the lizard. Utilizing both of the abilities together, the flames grew large and larger until they covered the whole area where the Dalki was.

They couldn’t hear any more footsteps from inside the blazing fire, because of this the group thought that the attack was a success. But then, the intensity of the flames started to decrease at an alarming rate as if they were being sucked away by something.

All of the flames were flowing towards the Dalki like it was a vacuum, travelling in one stream directly towards the Dalki’s mouth.

"Thank you for the meal." It said. "I haven’t had anything this tasty in years."

"It’s hopeless." Erin said. "It’s too strong. We’re all going to die." Erin was shaking in fear the same way as she was shaking earlier, and even Vorden had a concerned look on his face.

[Skill activated Shadow Void]

The area around them started to be encased in a dark shadow. The group looked confused as they had no idea what was going on.

"Is this the Dalki’s power?" Layla asked.

"No, I’ve never heard of something like this."

The Dalki himself was equally confused like them. Just what was it that was surrounding the entire area with them in it?

****

Want another mass release and more chapters? Remember to vote.

Rank 1 = 8 Chapter mass release

Rank 2 = 6 Chapter mass release

Rank 3 = 4 Chapter mass release

And congrats webtoon unlocked, join the discord for more