Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1298 - The Six Spikes' Strength

Truth be told, Brock had no idea if he was going to survive the incoming attack from the six spiked Dalki. After it had survived his Blood attack he knew its hard skin was resilient, but he still had no idea about its own attack power.

Yet, the last person he would have ever suspected to arrive and stop the Dalki's advance, was the Wight.

"Damn, that's the first Dalki I've seen that hasn't been cut in half from Legs' attack." Peter noted as he stood there with two tonfa's out by his side. He was trying to observe the situation, and could see one six spiked fighting the old scientist, and another directly in front of him with another man behind.

"That tail… is that Slicer's body! What have you done to it?!" Jim seemed shocked, yet he seemed less fazed about having to fight her remains and more amazed by the sheer ingenuity at what he was seeing.

"Here I was wondering just how strong my little pets actually are. Thanks to you, I'll finally be able to test out their power compared to a genuine five spiked Dalki… or at least close enough to one!" Jim commented, having conjured a small little notebook and a pencil from a portal, while the six spike was on the move again.

Headless Hilston was the first one to make a move… The Lesser Wight looked different compared to before as his body was now equipped with a set of beast armour. It dug its fingers into the ground, and lifted part of it, chucking it forward.

The Dalki didn't even attempt to evade the piece of land that was coming its way and just ran through it, but right after crashing through the debris, Legs was there with its giant tail, thrusting it forward aiming right for the six spiked Dalki's head.

It moved so fast that the Dalki was unable to do anything about the tip of the tail piercing its left eye. However, before Legs could dig in any deeper the Dalki had grabbed onto its extremity.

It was ready to make its opponent pay for damaging its eye, but there were already three people surrounding it to back Legs up. Headless Hilston, Peter, and Brock were all underneath the creature and with all their strength they all went to attack the same area. The elbow of the Dalki.

Although they were unable to do anything on their own, together they could attempt to do something. Their great strength put massive amounts of pressure on the joint, causing the elbow to bend inward slightly, yet it wasn't enough for the Dalki to let go.

That moment Legs used the Dalki's strong grip to her own advantage, pulling herself in with the strong muscles of her tail and spinning her body towards the Dalki delivering a kick to the same joint… leading to a loud crack.

Pain shot through the Dalki's body enough to let go of the tail as it screamed out in pain. The others took that as their chance to retreat back to their original position, thinking about their next move. They were also prepared for the Dalki to move at any second once again.

'For a Wight to possess this level of intelligence… Usually their kind would just attack their target in a frontal and often suicidal manner, completely relying on their regeneration, but this boy waited long enough to see where I would attack first and then decided to attack the same place.' Brock noticed. 'It looks like he realises that I have a better head on my shoulders, and that Tail is special.'

'Perhaps, there is something different about the six spikes that are created using Jim's power, and the five spikes that the Cursed faction had managed to defeat on their own. Slicer's tail seems to be a trait that not all of the Dalki are able to obtain, not even the six spikes have something like it. It also can move faster than the six spikes and is capable of cutting through their hard scales.'

'Unfortunately, even with the power of all of us, we were unable to do much.'

Sure, the four of them together had managed to cause a few scratches on the Dalki's forearm, even breaking its elbow, but all of it was futile if they couldn't kill it. After a few seconds of both sides staring at each other, the Dalki was able to heal the broken elbow, and with it having been hurt more, most likely it was now even stronger than before.

'The worst thing is, we still haven't been able to witness its true strength, and I really don't want to after seeing one of them hit the Dragon to the ground like that.'

It was all these thoughts that had caused Brock to come to a decision. The way Peter currently was, he would be a huge asset to the future. With his ability, and with his current Lesser Wights he was someone he had to be protected at all costs.

"Thank you for saving me, but I'm afraid this doesn't look like a fight we're going to win." Brock sighed. "You are still valuable to the Cursed faction and Quinn, which is why I can't let you stay here. Get out of here while you still can and take the other two with you. Find Quinn and find some way to get you and all of the Cursed faction off this island!"

The Wight heard what Brock had said, and honestly he wasn't too keen to sacrifice his life for the two of them, but were they really in that tough of a situation? It was hard for Peter to believe. With him and his Lesser Wights they should be able to hold on, at least long enough for Quinn to arrive. With him there surely they should somehow be able to do something?

"The lapdog actually has a point. Until now I have mostly ignored the Cursed faction, because I didn't believe for your little group of friends to make much of a difference. The loss of Slicer was already a very unexpected surprise and seeing one of you being able to revive her, I can't just let you leave!" Jim held up the shield and strangely the six spiked Dalki that had been facing towards them this whole time had turned around and pulled back its arm… aiming at Jim!

The next second, they saw the Dalki seemingly use its full power to throw out a devastating punch and Jim made sure to use both his hands to hold the shield up. The punch landed but nothing happened. The shield hadn't lit up like it did when Brock had punched it, nor had Jim been sent flying through the air.

It looked similar to what would have happened if a child was to punch a wall.

"With this, your fate is sealed." Jim stated with a smile, holding up the shield and it soon started to glow just as before.

"PETER MOVE! GET OUT OF HERE NOW!" Brock shouted as he grabbed him by the scruff of his shirt and chucked him back into the jungle. The two Lesser Wights followed behind to catch their master and by the time Brock turned around, he was faced with the full brunt of an explosive energy.

The energy from the shield was already leaving a great blue light. As it left the shield and touched the stones on the floor they flew behind Brock like bullets shot from a pistol, piercing through many trees in the jungle.

The energy continued to go forward and Brock was sure that he wouldn't survive this.

'That shield, it can either store the energy from attacks inside it and use it against, or it's something much worse. When I attacked it myself, I felt that the energy coming off from the shield was at least two times stronger than my initial attack. If that's right, then right now, that shield is emptying a strike twice as strong as a six spiked Dalki.'

Somewhat accepting what his fate was to be, Brock was ready to close his eyes. Peter had turned around for a second, and seeing the impact the strange blue light had made so far, he continued to run forward with Legs and Hilston behind him. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Before Brock had fully closed his eyes, he saw another figure in front of him.

"As you said Brock, me and you will figure out some way to deal with this. It was a good decision you made." Richard said as the red ripples activated form his armour blocking the strange energy of the attack.

However, the attack seemed to be larger than the area that the red ripples could cover. Larger than the breath of the Demon tier dragon beast, it went around the red ripples. As it touched the trees they were uprooted from the ground, and flung through the air.

Giant rocks had been turned to rubble, and. Small little hill that stood not too far from where they were had been blasted with parts of the rock falling into the sea.

Eventually, the attack had ended, and Jim had moved his shield. His eyebrows were furrowed and his forehead full of wrinkles in anger seeing that Richard had managed to get in his way once again, but behind him, the whole jungle had been cleared. The once lush vegetation was nothing but a soil of wasteland now, while part of the hill looked to be missing as well.

"Why do you all struggle so much? How can you not understand that you have no chance against me? This much was all from a single punch of one Dalki?" Jim questioned one, shaking his head.

Richard, serving the attack with Brock behind him, looked into the direction he just was.

"I understand very well. Your six spiked Dalki are indeed strong, but for one there is nothing that can get through this armour, and as for the second point. When using our ability there is always an exchange and I seem to have figured out just what price you have made them pay."

Over to the side where Richard was fighting not too long ago, the six spiked Dalki laid on the floor dead. However, strangely, other than its cut hands, it looked to have no visible wounds on its body, but it was clearly no longer moving.