Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 137 Green blood

At the second military base inside one of the schools, another meeting was taking place. Once again, the Head General wasn’t present, leaving Nathan and Duke to deal with things. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

"There has been a report of a Dalki ship crash landing on the planet Caladi," Nathan reported. At that moment, the first-year sergeants had expressions of shock on their faces. "Don’t worry. It seems to be a stray ship from somewhere. The tower made communications with the Dalki, and of course, they said it was a member who had gone rogue."

"Damn those Dalki!" Duke yelled, slamming the table." Every year, they keep pushing and pushing into our territory."

"Luckily, it only seems to be a single ship, so at most, there will be two there. Of course, the tower has asked us to send..."

Before Nathan could even finish his sentence, Leo stood up from his seat and bowed down in front of Nathan. "Please allow me to go. Those students are too young to experience something like this, especially on their first outing. They must be protected."

Nathan was quite shocked to see Leo suddenly volunteering. Usually, when something like this occurred, no one would willingly go and risk their lives against the Dalki. Hearing this made Nathan wonder if the rumors were actually true.

That for some reason, Leo had a stronger grudge against the Dalki than most people. Or perhaps, he just really cared about the students. One thing was for sure though. He was sure that if they were to send Leo out, then there would be no need to send out any of the other teachers or sergeants.

As long as the Dalki had no more than three spikes, then Nathan was confident in him. "Well, I guess the matter is settled. Fay, Hayley, I want to two of you on standby just outside the portal for their return. If any back-up is needed, then you go straight through. Hayley, heal anyone who needs immediate medical attention."

The meeting had ended like that and everyone did as they were asked. Leo quickly put on his gear while the two girls waited outside the green portal. "It seems like Del’s class is having it tough this year," Hayley said.

"I couldn’t agree more, its almost as if bad luck has been following them around wherever they go," Fay replied.

Leo was eventually ready, unhesitatingly entering the portal soon after.

*****

The shelter had responded to the emergency response and had closed all shelter gates. No citizens were allowed to leave the shelter at the moment without military clearance. Two mechs had been sent out to look for the Dalki, with both of them arriving at the crash site. Unfortunately for them, there was no sign of the Dalki.

This was the reason why it had taken so long for the Mechs to discover the students and the Dalki. But once the Mechs had discovered their location, they were able to tell Leo exactly where they were.

"Men, fall back!" Leo shouted.

The two guys in the mechs did as ordered. The Dalki was holding onto one of the Mechs’ arms and the guy had no choice but to allow it to be ripped off to break free. Afterward, they immediately backed away and went by the students’ side.

"Another one," the Dalki said as he saw Leo walking towards him with his hand on his sheath. "You really are germs to this whole universe, look how many of you there are on this planet already."

The Dalki looked like he was heavily injured, but that didn’t fool Leo. Using his ability, he could see the strong aura emanating off of him. The Dalki had not given up just yet.

"Why do you fight us?" Leo asked.

In response to his question, the Dalki ignored him and went in for a strike. Leo responded to his actions by pivoting forward and using a quick draw, pulling out the katana from its sheath and putting it back in an instant.

The Dalki felt nothing as his arm had been cleanly sliced off. There was no resistance like everything else before had, it was as if the sword was able to ignore all attributes.

The arm went flying up into the air and landed a distance behind Leo while green blood spewed out from the open wound.

"You!" The Dalki pointed with his other hand. "I know who you are! The others had warned me about you!" Unfortunately for him, before he could even finish talking, its head had also been cleanly cut off.

"Was this the only one?" Leo asked.

For a moment, the students had forgotten to speak as they were too amazed at what they had just seen. The thing they struggled to defeat with all of them combined was killed just like that.

"Um...yes. That’s the only one we saw," Layla replied.

The two mechs soon ran forward and went down on their knees. "Thank you for protecting us, Sergeant Leo."

"Don’t thank me," Leo replied. "Thankfully, the Dalki was already on its last legs. You two must have done a good job in injuring the Dalki before I got here."

The two soldiers looked at each other in response. They knew that their skills hardly had any effect on the Dalki. In fact, they hadn’t even managed to land a hit even once. Nearly all of the wounds that were on the Dalki were on it before they had even gotten there.

’It couldn’t have been the students, could it?’ they simultaneously thought.

If Leo was able to see the expressions on their face, he too would have realized that they were not the ones who had injured the Dalki.

Leo and the two soldiers were busy inspecting the Dalki, seeing if they could find anything indicating why he was here.

While they were doing that, the others were still tending to Peter, making sure he was okay. In contrast, Quinn’s attention was focused on something else.

His eyes were fixated on the Dalki’s hand that was not too far away from them. He started walking over and Vorden soon noticed what he was looking at as well.

[Inspect]

[Dalki: A half-human, half-beast race]

"Half-human, half-beast?" Quinn looked at it with a confused expression. Aren’t the Dalki aliens? Although he was curious about this, he inspected the arm, only to confirm something else.

[Inspect]

[Dalki blood]

[Consuming the blood will have unknown effects on the host]

"System, do you know what the Dalki blood will do?" Quinn asked.

"No," The system replied rather bluntly. "But I will tell you this. If it did any harm to your body, the system would warn you."

Quinn then walked over to the arm and dipped his finger in the green blood. He sniffed it a little at first. It had a sweet scent with a hint of mint in it, reminding him of toothpaste.

’Should I?’ Quinn thought. ’The system said it wouldn’t hurt me, right?’

*****

Mass release day!

Please remember to vote for another one next week.

Rank 1 = 8 Extra Chapters

Rank 2 = 6 Extra Chapters

Rank 3 = 4 extra Chapters