Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1363 - Save The Settlement (Part 1)

After reaching the rewards from completing the quest, Quinn had a few options he could do. One of them was to use one of his full restores, allowing him to activate his Nitro accelerate again, rushing towards the battlefield.

However, although it might only be a few seconds, he feared that those few seconds would be vital in a fight. With the new red Aura in his body, Quinn had come up with another idea.

'What if I use the energy to turn myself into a Bloodsucker? I usually fill my body with the red energy anyway to turn. Will it make it so I become even stronger than I usually would? Becoming a Bloodsucker double's my stat points, giving me twice my speed and strength, but I'm unable to use blood skills or the shadow.'

Quickly thinking about it, there was no harm in trying, and Quinn had decided to fill his body with the red Aura changing him into his Bloodsucker form. His body quickly started to change, and it felt different from the times when he would usually change.

'I haven't used this form in a long time, but is this normal?' Quinn wondered.

Once his body had finished changing, Quinn immediately decided to use the strength of his legs to jump. Doing so, he had gone so high up he broke through the castle ceiling and had landed in the inner area.

It had worked, Quinn could feel that he was stronger than before, and perhaps this was more than double his stats. He started to sprint on the ground running as fast as possible, and then leapt at the last second. In doing so, he jumped right over the fourteenth castle walls and landed right where he needed to be.

He could feel the energy from the fight, and it didn't take Quinn long to figure out that the strange-looking vampire creature was the one that needed to be dealt with. Quinn had no idea how strong his strength was in his current form, but he did know that if he was hit, he might very well lose his life.

——

'That's Quinn?' Arthur realised after hearing Muka shout. 'You really did go through a lot. You even learnt to control this dangerous Bloodsucker form. Well, I won't let this opportunity go to waste!'

Arthur dashed forward and, at the same time, threw his sword out directly towards Laxmus. Only unlike all the other times, Arthur did something else as well. When leaving the palm of his hands, he had done so giving it a boost of power with his red Aura.

The sword was covered in red Aura that it was now twice the size of what it usually would be. This didn't just increase its strength but also its speed as well, and one more person was giving it an extra push.

Glancing over his shoulder, he could see that Bryce had his hand held out, using absolute blood control, to push it so the sword would move even faster.

'Looks like you can come through when you're needed.' Arthur smiled.

Everything was happening within a fraction of a second. With Quinn holding back his wings, and despite the extra speed, Laxmus was still ready.

Quinn could feel the strength of his wings trying to shut and defend itself. It took all his strength to hold them back that there was nothing else he could do.

Seeing the sword coming towards him, Laxmus decided to use his two hands to catch it instead. His hands that had the black blood hardening touched the weapon, allowing him to remain uncut. Still, for the first time, the power was something that even Laxmus couldn't stop.

His legs skidded across the floor, and the sword continued to push forward. Even with his great muscles, the sword was moving closer and closer until it pierced through Laxmus chest, but it was only an inch inside.

'Why, even though I've stopped the sword's momentum, it feels like it's still trying to push forward, and it's so powerful.' Laxmus thought.

Looking around, he could see that the king still had his hand held out. The veins on his hand and head showed as Bryce held his breath with a smile on his face.

"You…are not so strong after all!" Bryce said, weakly but still loud enough for Laxmus to hear.

"ARGHHH!" Shouting in a rage, Laxmus started to push back even more, and the sword that was inside was being pushed back. Everyone watching was now praying that somehow these three could defeat Laxmus here and now. Seeing this, they were starting to lose hope.

"We have to be ready," Muka said. "We can't be sure that they can beat him, and if they don't, it is up to us to protect the others."

The leaders nodded in response, ready to jump in at any moment, even if they felt like they had no chance of defeating such a being.

However, Quinn wasn't going to let this happen. Jumping off from Laxmus' back, Quinn then pushed the back of his sword with all his strength. He hit the hilt, pushing it in deeper and deeper. With Bryce helping move the sword, the tip went in even deeper until a clang was heard.

No matter how hard Quinn continued to push the sword, it wouldn't budge any further.

"Quinn, get out of there!" Arthur shouted, seeing this.

Listening to the advice, Quinn quickly moved, and fearing that he might get hurt, he felt like it was time for him to revert from his Bloodsucker form. In doing so, he could use the shadow powers once again and sunk in trying to appear by Arthur's side.

In that brief moment, while the sword was still in Laxmus' chest, Arthur activated the explosion power, creating the largest blast possible, and at the same time, had used the shadow to cover the area around him, so the explosion wouldn't hurt any of the vampires in the nearby area.

A few seconds later, and red beams of energy could be seen hitting the shadow. Arthur could feel this and decided to take his shadow back to where he was currently.

'The attack is too strong to redirect it elsewhere.'

They could then see Laxmus standing there, blood dripping from his chest, but he was still alive and well.

"Do you really think I wouldn't try and protect one of our weaknesses?" Laxmus asked.

What he meant by this was his heart. The strange black hardening blood that Laxmus had wasn't just covering his wings and arms. It was also covering his heart and the inside of his head.

"If you want to kill me, you're going to have to do it properly." Laxmus flew in the air suddenly and threw the sword to the ground. He looked around as if he was looking for someone in particular, and he then found his target.

He started to dive down at an angle heading straight for Bryce. Who had fallen on his knees once again.

"Because of you, you were able to give them that push, and the people still see you as their king, so it's time to change that!"

Jumping in the air, between the two of them, Arthur was there swinging his sword. Still, it was quickly blocked by one of the black arms, and then with his other arm, Laxmus hit Arthur straight in the stomach, sending him back to the ground.

Seeing this, Quinn was thinking about what to do. Arthur couldn't stop him, and if he attempted to do the same, it was possible that the same thing would happen to him.

'I only have one choice.' Quinn thought.

[Full restore activated] UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

[Cooldown have been reset, and MC points have been restored]

While in the air, Laxmus could see Bryce not moving. He started to gather blood aura in both hands. It looked similar to when he had done so with his mouth, only these balls were smaller. The blood gathered looked darker than what the vampires would typically use.

So no one else could try to interfere, Laxmus then threw one of the balls of red Aura towards Arthur and Quinn. While the other was thrown towards Bryce. As they left Laxmus' hands, they started to expand, getting bigger and bigger.

'I don't know how big that's going to get, and if I block it, it will just be a waste of my MC cells.' Quinn thought. The ball of Aura would soon be upon both of them.

'I could use shadow lock, but the attack will hurt all the others if I do. I need to stop this attack!' Quinn thought.

[Shadow overload skill activated]

******

My Werewolf System has finally arrived on the Web Novel!

If you want to support me, you can do so on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

You will get access to the MVS + MWS webtoon for only $3 dollar a month.

For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga