Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1364 - Save The Settlement (Part 2)

[Shadow overload skill activated]

Shadow started to surround Quinn's body, giving him the shadow body. Now, with unlimited use of the shadow, Quinn raised it, hoping to block out the attack. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

At the same time, the other ball of red Aura was heading towards Bryce. His body was weak. He could still use his blood powers, but moving was straining his body all over. Still, even using absolute blood control would do nothing to move the attack coming from Laxmus.

"It looks like this might be my end," Bryce said. "At least I got to see that damned punisher hurt."

As both of the balls of Aura came towards Bryce, all he could see was red until a figure stood in front of him. She placed her hands on the ground creating a blood wall, using all the power she could, and then stood up, spreading her arms.

"KAZZ! DO NOT WASTE YOUR LIFE HERE, GIRL!" Bryce shouted.

A tear could be seen falling from her face.

"They still need you to defeat him. I am just doing my duty, to protect the king. Goodbye…father." Kazz said, closing her eyes. Ready for her life to disappear.

"He's right, don't be stupid; you should leave this to the old fools like us." A voice said, now standing in front of Kazz.

"Get behind me, and stay still!" Paul shouted. He unleashed all of his red Aura and the poison from his body. Creating almost a second barrier between the two of them. The red Aura hit them, and the power looked to have nearly consumed them whole from the outside.

Those from the outside could just see a giant ball of red Aura. As for where Quinn was, he had summoned the shadow. It was holding out, but Quinn was wondering for how long.

'Is this going to take all my MC cells after this, after this attack?'

Finally, both balls of red Aura started to disappear, and Laxmus had landed back on the ground, laughing where he stood.

"Look at that!" Laxmus said. "Just two attacks and the strongest vampires in the whole settlement have practically come to an end."

Laxmus' laughing had soon stopped, when he could see that a young man stood in front of Arthur. Shadows were covering his body, and Arthur was standing well by his side.

"Well, looks like at least some of you have some strength, and I would expect no less from my own power," Laxmus said, turning to look at how the others had handled his attack. Here he could see that Bryce was hurt, but he wasn't dead.

The skin from his face had partially peeled off, but he was standing just fine.

"You stupid girl!!!" Bryce shouted out in anger, but he could hear the sound of crying.

"Why…why did you save me!" Kazz couldn't stop crying. The sounds of her cry were partly muffled due to the person who had completely covered her with his entire body. It was none other than Paul.

He had hugged Kazz, forcing his body to cover for her in the attack, but that left Paul with his whole body destroyed from the Aura. The Aura was so strong, and with each passing second, his body was breaking off into pieces as if his body had turned into ashes.

"Why…why!" Kazz cried on her knees and tried to hug Paul back, but as she did, her hands went through his body, and the remains of him fell to the ground.

Kazz wasn't free from injuries either, her outer skin was burnt, and everyone imagined it must have hurt, but she couldn't feel the pain on her body. She could only feel the pain in her heart. She didn't realise it, but Paul had become someone dear to her.

Memoires start to flash through her head, of all the lessons he had tried to teach her when she was part of the Cursed faction. He was also always looking out for her back then, and even in the vampire settlement.

"You…were like a…like a…" Kazz couldn't even finish her words. It hurt so much as she grasped at her chest.

Ashley, who was next to Paul before he had decided to run in, had heard his last few words at the side.

"I'm sorry for abandoning you all like this," Paul said. "Please look after them all. I know Quinn will do a good job, but they need you as well and please…when you get back, tell my daughter I love her. Sorry I won't be able to see her face again."

Ashley's tears couldn't stop, and it was the same for his men, who had decided at that moment to all salute their head general. For the time they had served with him and to show respect.

[A family member has died.]

The notification screen had appeared, and seeing the peoples reaction by the side and how he was unable to summon one of his knights, he knew who it was.

'Paul…Paul…'

"Paul!!!" Quinn shouted out.

Seeing how Laxmus' attack had failed to kill the one he was aiming for, he was annoyed. He had decided to try and go for the one that had gotten in his way. In doing so, Laxmus sprinted forward and headed straight towards Kazz, with his hand held out.

Kazz had turned around, and she could see Laxmus' long fingertips almost reach around her neck.

"F*ck you!" Quinn shouted as he threw an overhead strike, with the power of his Qi and Aura mixed in. It had a similar strength to a blood hammer strike, but this was far more powerful than any punch Quinn had produced.

'When did that kid…'

It landed, hitting Laxmus' arm, and to his surprise, the strength was great moving it out of the way. Before he could react again, Quinn had already kicked Laxmus to his side, hitting him away from the two of them, but not far enough.

Before Laxmus knew it, his body had fallen through a shadow, and he was now sent back towards where the king's castle was. To others, it would have looked like a strange move. Quinn was already right next to Laxmus, so why move him away?

However, Arthur knew the reason why. Right now, Quinn was using the skill Nitro accelerate, and to make his hits were hard enough to do damage against Laxmus, he needed to build up his full speed.

With him being so close, the strength and power he would get from the speed had lessened. Laxmus, being confused by where he was, almost saw Quinn next to him in an instant.

"Why, why do you have to kill people just because you have power!" Quinn shouted, throwing both fists forward and hitting Laxmus in the centre of his stomach, sending him through the castle behind him.

The next second Laxmus could be seen coming out and throwing out a punch towards Quinn.

"That hurt!" Laxmus shouted back.

Speed comparison wise, Laxmus wasn't that much slower than Quinn, but there was a person ready to protect him, as a condensed shadow shield had blocked the attack.

Seeing this, Quinn quickly ran in a circle, building up speed, and jumped, spinning his body, throwing out a kick that hit Laxmus straight in the head. It sent him tumbling back into the castle again.

Flapping his wings, Laxmus was able to catch himself before he went further in, and now beyond frustrated, he had opened his mouth. In doing so, the Aura started to gather, creating another ball. It was the exact same attack that he had used against Erin.

The next second, his mouth opened wide, releasing the attack.

"I'll kill you all!"

This time, the attack had spread out wide, rather than in a single destination as if it was aimed to kill everyone in the whole settlement.

Seeing this, Quinn raised the shadow everywhere he could behind him. With it hitting the shadow, the attack was stopped but continually poured out from Laxmus' mouth.

"Can his shadow hold?" Sunny wondered.

"We can't just rely on him. Everyone move into the inner castle area!" Muka ordered.

The red beam from Laxmus lasted far longer than when it did against Erin, but it gave everyone enough time to move out of the way of the far range attack. Apart from a couple who were still on the field.

"Kazz, just leave me!" Bryce stated, but Kazz refused to listen.

A few seconds later, something devastating had occurred.

[Your shadow overload skill has been used up]

[Calculating total MC points 0/0]

'What?'

******

My Werewolf System has finally arrived on the Web Novel!

If you want to support me, you can do so on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

You will get access to the MVS + MWS webtoon for only $3 dollar a month.

For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga