Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 139 A Curious Boy

Inside a near pitch black training hall, a certain boy was creeping his way forward towards a door. He stood just outside the entrance, then he stuck his head through the door and peeked into the room, looking around to see if anyone could spot him. And just hovering above him was something that looked like a miniature bull, a little larger than a human’s fist. Although this one also had tiny wings and two large fangs on the front of his face.

"Did you spot anyone Ham?" The kid asked.

"No, but are you really sure we should be doing this, you could get kicked out of the family?" The little flying bull replied, fluttering around in the air.

"As if that could ever happen. My dad’s one of the thirteen family leaders, and I’m the one that’s going to be his successor." The boy then walked into the large hall with Ham following in the air closely behind him.

With his gelled back black hair and his dark clothing it was nearly impossible to spot him at night, but there was one distinctive thing that stood out about the boy, it would allow you to see him in the dark even if you were quite a distance away. It was his glowing red eyes, which gave the boy away as a vampire.

His name was Fex, and today he had come to the hall inside his family’s castle for one reason, to go to the human world.

On his back, he carried a relatively large backpack, packed with all sorts of things. Clothes, toothpaste, a brush and all sorts of essentials. After all, he didn’t know how long he would be visiting the human world for.

Just then out of his backpack, Fex pulled a small silver ring which had ten crystals embed on the inside and all around. He lifted the ring into the air before kissing it.

"I have to thank you again Blood evolver wherever you are, because of you I can finally leave this place." He then placed the ring on the ring finger of his right hand and was finally ready to go. "Come on Ham, hurry up."

"Wait, I think I hear someone!" Ham said.

Just as Ham said it, the sound of footsteps could be heard. Fex quickly looked around the hall which was filled with square-shaped machinery on the floor, each spaced an equal distance from each other, the gap between each one was quite far.

Quickly rummaging through his backpack, Fex pulled out what looked like a piece of paper. "Come on, where is it, I need to remember that access code!" But the nerves were getting the better of him, and his fingers fumbled as he dropped the piece of paper onto the floor.

"Fex there right there!" The bull said now visibly sweating.

"Well, let’s just hope I don’t end up somewhere too bad!" Fex then rushed over to one of the square machines on the floor and tapped on top of the machine. A bright display lit up, asking for an access code.

"Please input the correct access code for your destination."

He closed his eyes and tried to remember one of the numbers form the piece of paper, but he struggled to remember which one led to where. In the end, he had to just go for it and type in the only one he could think of.

"Acess code accepted."

The contraption started to open, and mechanical sounds could be heard.

From the hallway, one of the guards who was roaming could hear the mechanical sounds coming from the room. ’Is someone using the teleporters, I don’t remember an outing planned for today?’ The man thought.

He quickly ran into the room, and just then, he could see Fex standing in front of the circular teleport device.

"Fex what are you doing? Don’t go in!" the man shouted.

Fex turned around and looked up at the man, he gave him a huge smile before saluting the man. He grabbed Ham and jumped backwards into the teleport circle. Once Fex had gone through, the machine had automatically closed down on its own.

"I knew that kid always did crazy things, but this has just gone too far." The man said. "I must report this to the family leader immediately."

Meanwhile, inside the teleporter, Fex mind was being distorted, and all he could see around him was a bright array of different colours. "Ham, you need to transform, the humans will have a fit if they see you flying above me!"

A small puff of black smoke appeared around Ham. When the black smoke went away, it was replaced with what looked like a black dangling earing, it was round at the top with a little symbol of a bull on it. In contrast, the dangling bit was long and rectangular on the bottom. Fex quickly grabbed it before putting it on his right ear.

"Finally, here I come, bye dark gloomy world!" Fex yelled excitedly.

Just then the tunnel of colours around him seemed to end, and now something felt like it was dragging him through to the other side.

When Fex had opened his eyes, he found himself in a large dome-like building with digital signs going all across the walls showing all sorts of advertisements. But the biggest one of them all was one that said welcome to Toklon City.

’I finally made it.’ Fex thought.

Fex was currently inside what was known as a City station on Earth. In the centre of the city was a large circular device that glowed a bright white colour and every so often people would appear from it.

Several different people were coming through, some wearing building equipment, others in suits, and some were even travellers wearing beast gear. City stations could usually be found on most shelters on other planets, large factions also owned them as well as the top corporations.

There were two types of city stations, an arrival station and a departure station. The departure stations were usually filled with all types of checks. Even those that were privately owned would receive regular check-ups form the human federation, they would even send their own guys to work as security. If it didn’t meet a certain standard, then it would simply be put out of commission.

And of course, at each of these stations was an access code that needed to be imputed. This access code was usually given to only a couple of people who worked at city stations.

Fex couldn’t help but stare around and look in amazement at the place.

"Can you believe it Ham!" Fex said. "We made it, and there are so many humans. They look nearly the same as us, although there are some incredibly ugly ones." Fex said a little too loud.

The people around him started to give Fex strange looks as they heard him say those words, but at the same time, they couldn’t help staring at him. Although he was a teenage boy who looked around sixteen, they could feel a certain charm pulling them in.

"Fex, you need to suppress your abilities," Ham said.

"Oh that’s right, I nearly forgot!" Fex closed his eyes and focused, letting the aura that was surrounding his body shrink inside himself. Suddenly the people who were looking at him no longer felt an urge to stare."

Unlike the departure station, the arrivals station didn’t have much security checks, apart from a few guards who stood by the doors to the exit. After all the checks were done on the other end and only when they sure it was safe, would the access code be inputted.

There were also several people that seemed to be waiting for their loved ones.

Fex headed for the exit as if he didn’t have a worry in the world, but just as he reached the exit, he could see the doors to the outside where the sun was glaring. "Time to put this ring to the test," Fex said.

He closed his eyes and took one step out into the open sun, and nothing happened. There was no itching feeling or burning pain like when he had gone through his training. It was just the same as when he was in the dark.

With a big smile on his face, he continued to walk forward and started to explore the city.

From the city station, he was able to see the edge far away in the distance. The city was surrounded by a large wall that was nearly taller than all the skyscrapers around them. On the buildings, there were also several advertisements for different things but what he kept seeing the most, where either companies selling ability books or those that were recruiting travellers to join their faction.

After walking a while, Fex decided to stop by what looked like a food shop. He saw a man walk out with a bag full of food and drinks.

’Perhaps I can get this thing called wine, the drink my grandpa was talking about, from this shop.’ Fex thought.

As he went inside, he started to look around the shop in the drinks section for an item labelled as wine. However, he noticed while he was walking around in the shop that others would still continually look at him.

"I have my ability suppressed right Ham?" Fex asked.

"Yes, I can no longer feel you’re presence."

"It must just be my natural good looks then."

After ignoring the people giving him sideway glances, he had eventually found the drink labelled as wine.

"There’s so many, I guess they all taste the same right?"

He grabbed a random bottle and rushed over to the counter, waiting for his turn.

"I would like to purchase this please," Fex said as he started to get out his money card.

"ID please." The counter clerk asked.

"ID?" Fex, was confused. Unknown to him every citizen of Earth was required to carry around an ID. If Fex had paid attention in his classes, then he would have known that he would obtain a fake one when he reached the age of eighteen.

"How old are you, kid?" The clerk said as he looked Fex over from head to toe.

"Sixteen, can I not purchase this drink then, I have the money," Fex said, with an innocent smile on his face.

"No, of course, you can." The clerk said, smiling as he proceeded with the payment as usual. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Then as Fex had left the shop, the clerk immediately opened up his screen and dialled the number 111. "Hello, I’d like to report someone on Bader street... yeah, it looks like a student who is committing Draft evasion... Black hair... gelled back... With an earring. He didn’t seem to have an ID on him either."

****

Want another mass release, then remember to Vote with your stones! Goals are in the author notes.