Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1393 - Untouchable (Part 1)

After the other leaders had split up, Quinn had decided that the best course of action for him was to head straight forward towards the back of the Shelter. The last time he was here, it was where the Daisy base was located, but at the same time, he realised that it was where most of the chaos had taken place.

It was clear that a great battle had happened, and the Daisy faction had made their last stand here.

Rather than running straight ahead, Quinn was walking through the Shelter concentrating and focusing. Getting closer to the main base, he could smell blood everywhere. Not only smell it, but he could see many victims. Bodies that had only slightly decomposed and worse off were just left there on the street. Blood splatters covered the buildings and broken walls.

Quinn wanted to see if anyone was still left to save, but he hadn't run into anyone yet.

'The Daisy faction, it was such a beautiful place when I first came to visit it. I remember talking to them all not too long ago. It was meant to be one of the most protected places, due to all the plants inside and on the outside wall…and yet it still ended up like this.' Quinn grinded his teeth.

'Helen, you were strong. I can tell you all put up quite a fight trying to protect this place, didn't you…but I need to know…are you still alive. We had a promise, remember, you're not a liar. You're someone who keeps their promises, right!'

As he walked closer towards the Shelter, Quinn was thinking of the worst as more dead bodies could be seen. Eventually, several Dalki had come out from the rubble of the buildings.

Bonny and Void were still in the air, following Quinn with their personal camera and one of the drones.

They could also tell what Quinn was trying to do and decided to help with the search but couldn't find anyone just like him, anyone alive at least. One of the Dalki's did, however, spot them. They stood behind a high pile of rubble. With a simple jump, it was easy for them to reach the spaceship.

Seeing this, Nate got his shield ready. The good thing about the Demon tier shield was most enemies didn't know its effect and would think that it was just a simple shield. The Dalki being the aggressive beings they were, would just punch the shield without thinking much of it, killing themselves in the process.

Just as suspected, the Dalki leapt up to the ship aiming to hit it.

'You guys are worse than monkey's.' Nate thought, placing his shield in front of him, but as the Dalki was halfway in the air towards the ship, out of nowhere, blood slightly splattered from one side of its head.

Its eyes quickly appeared lifeless as it fell back down to the ground. All of those on the ship were wondering what had happened, and looking towards Quinn, they could see he had his hand held out with his finger pointed like a gun.

"Did that come from Quinn, he's protecting us even now, but it didn't seem like the same attack as he made before?" Bonny noticed.

Void, thinking the same thing, decided to play the footage back in slow motion frame by frame, and that's when he could see a small bullet the size of red aura going through the Dalki's head.

If other vampires had seen this, they would have thought that Quinn had just produced the blood bullet, but that was not the case as his finger was perfectly working.

"When I obtained all that power from before, I didn't have the time to learn it properly, but now I can test it out on you and make you all pay for what you did!" Quinn said, lifting his hand and now had his hands out with his fingers pointed as if they were both guns.

What Quinn had done was create his own blood bullet. With his blood powers having increased, his red aura was strong. Then mixing it in with the third stage of Qi, he could make it even more powerful.

Lastly, he had absolute blood control. A blood swipe in itself wasn't that fast, but Quinn had seen how fast Bryce was able to move the raining swords, and seeing this, he figured it was due to the blood control, and Quinn was right.

Using the control, he could move the blood fast enough, so it would work similar to the blood bullet skill but have no drawbacks.

The Dalki started to charge towards him, and without holding back, Quinn began to fire away. He wasn't the best when it came to aiming, but it didn't matter. The Dalki had no defence against such an attack.

If the blood aura hit their arms or legs, it would go through them. Still, they could see Dalki dropping dead easily before they even reached Quinn in front of the area.

It looked like a scene out of a war from the past. As if a person holding two guns in his hands while the others hand nothing but their bare fists. The only problem was that Quinn couldn't use this skill rapidly due to the amount of concentration it would take, but that didn't matter either.

Some of the Dalki eventually reached him. He could have used his shadow to block their attacks, or maybe something else, but instead, he chose to use his blood skills. With the blood armour equipped, he could do so without holding back.

He avoided the punch from the Dalki easily, and then Quinn threw a simple punch to the Dalki's gut, using his normal blood spray. As his fist connected, the Dalki was lifted into the air. When the blood spray skill activated, a bang was heard, and a hole through the entire Dalki's stomach was seen, causing it to die instantly.

'I can mix my powers better now. I can use the red aura energy I obtained without it hurting my body too much. As long as I limit myself to using the blood control with my own aura, it doesn't hurt my body. Only when I also control blood from the outside, it affects me.'

After this, Quinn used the shadow equip to change his armour, changing it into the blue fang set.

[Nitro accelerate activated]

In the two minutes that the armour was activated, the camera was unable to pick up anything clearly. All they could see was Dalki losing body parts and falling to the ground out of nowhere until there was no more.

And once Quinn was done, he switched back to the red blood armour standing there.

"What are we watching right now…" Bonny was at a loss for words. She didn't even know how to report because she was unsure what had happened.

Thankfully, it looked like some of the leaders had returned. They had done so with survivors from the Daisy faction, so she could continue her commentary about that instead.

Seeing that there were some people alive, Quinn had new hopes, and the anger he had inside him was starting to settle a little bit.

"Quinn, it really is you!" One of the females saw him but noticed that he looked a bit different. At least the air around him was a little different.

The women that had been saved, Quinn noticed that these were the ones he had given blood weapons. Though it looked like they no longer had blood weapons on them anymore.

The leaders explained to Quinn what they had seen so far. Jin, Sunny and Vincent. Then it was time to ask the girls themselves.

"Where do you think others will be, and what about Helen?" Quinn asked. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The group of women looked uncomfortable when they heard this question.

"Honestly, we're not sure, but they were fighting until the very end towards the base. After we lost the fight, we got split up and taken hostage there. So I think your best bet is to continue heading to the base."

Since it seemed like they didn't know much and the direction Quinn was going to head anyway, he thanked them.

"You guys will just need to hold out a little longer. I will place you in a safe place for now." Quinn said.

They looked nervous but trusted Quinn. Holding out his hand, he placed each of them in his shadow lock. So they wouldn't be able to get hurt, and so the leaders didn't have to look after them.

"You guys, continue looking through the Shelter and see if you can find survivors. Then meet me at the base." Quinn ordered.

"Don't you want us to come with you?" Jin asked. "As they said, I don't think there are any other survivors in the Shelter."

"No," Quinn replied. "Every second counts, and if there are those around that are injured, I won't be able to get to them. You guys being around won't help me take over the base any quicker. it quicker for me to deal with them, then let you."

Although what Quinn said was true, the real reason was, he believed that most of the Dalki remaining in the Shelter would be at the base. He wanted to be the one to kill every single one of them himself.

'Something…is changing inside the boy.' Vincent thought. 'But right now, it might be exactly what the humans need to win this war.'