Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1394 - Untouchable (Part 2)

As Quinn had somewhat expected, humans weren't the only one watching the live broadcast, but he somewhat wanted the Dalki to see this. He remembered that back when he had been in Graham's lab, the Dalki leader had been watching the fight between Slicer and the others.

Right now, Graham was doing the same thing. He was still out on the field, fighting against the new generation of Dalki, but during one of the breaks, a Dalki had come out to make a report of what was going on. That there was something interesting he should see.

After finally getting a set of clothes that fit his new size, he had calmed down, and was happy to watch the footage. A lot of it he had missed, and now on the camera he could see Quinn walking towards the Daisy base. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"This…man." Graham grumbled. "He was also there when Slicer was defeated. This person…" The Dalki leader didn't say it out loud, but he had a feeling that this person was going to cause him a lot of trouble.

Just watching the video alone, he was walking on camera with so much confidence, confidence he had never seen before, even amongst the strongest of humans, and vampires. It reminded Graham of when he had first met the vampire known as Arthur.

'Let's see if you have the skills to back it.' Graham smiled.

———

After finding out that there could be survivors at the main base, Quinn decided to run ahead at full speed. The spaceship was easily able to keep up with the Vampire Lord, but they were wondering when he was going to slow down, the thing was, Quinn never did.

Two large doors could be seen up ahead, they looked reinforced and Quinn could even see a few Dalki guards on the outside. Not slowing down, Quinn leapt up in the air. He was moving too fast for the guards to react. Throwing both of his fists back, he threw them forward slamming into the door.

He powered his fists with the first stage of Qi, as much as possible, and the two doors went flying open, breaking off from their hinges and crashing into the base. As Quinn landed on the ground in front of what would have been the doors that were there before, he threw out two punches to the side of him.

An invisible force hit the two Dalki away, the third stage of Qi, throwing them off their feet. Ignoring whether they were alive or not, Quinn decided to head further into the base.

"Come on, let's get down from here! We have to follow him, we can't let this go to waste!" Bonny shouted.

"What about the Dalki? He didn't finish them off! What if they attack us?!" Void complained.

"Do you really think you have to worry about that? Isn't that pretty much the whole reason I'm with you guys?" Nate asked confidently, as he was already getting off from the ship that had landed in front of the base. He walked over to the Dalki Quinn had hit, and the reason why they were no longer moving was because they were dead.

Sure these were just one spiked Dalki, but finishing them off in one hit. If Nate had heard stories like this back when he had been in the academy he would have just treated it as some sort of propaganda, made up to raise morale.

"If there are any leftovers I can protect you." Nate claimed, punching his shield, but he had a feeling he wasn't going to have to use it.

When they entered the base, they could see that the two large doors that were around ten meters in height, had been knocked to the back of the entrance rooms and not just that, the room was filled with dead Dalki and Quinn was nowhere to be seen.

"Everyone, I hope you are seeing everything. Quinn Talen entered the base seconds ago and without much effort defeated two Dalki on the way in." Bonny reported.

"This has to be fake, right? Like a pre made video to make the Cursed leader seem stronger." Someone commented under the livestream.

"Why would they have that? Everyone is watching this right now, why would they make a fake video. We all know that the Cursed planet was actually attacked, and he even saw what he did when he landed. This is real." Another viewer, refuted.

The three of them continued to follow Quinn's tracks, which didn't seem to be too hard to do, as they just had to follow the trail of dead Dalki inside the base. They went up a set of giant stairs, and onto the second floor. Up top, another door had been destroyed, though smaller than the entrance one, which led into a long hallway.

In the hallway, countless Dalki could be seen killed, it looked like none of them were able to put up much of a fight, and the spikes on their back could be clearly seen. There were three spikes, two spikes all killed just as easily as the one spikes, and Graham was watching all of this as well.

"This, after just having come back from that place?!" Graham was beyond annoyed. "Who the hell is this person! I want all the information on him!"

Although Graham had originally followed Jim's plan, now that the original Jim was dead, the Dalki leader had started to adapt his own plans, believing he had made a better one than Jim himself. The Dalki had already evolved far beyond whatever their creator had predicted. So how, how could the vampires or the humans possibly have such an outlier like this?

Still, Graham calmed himself down, it was true that Quinn looked to be stronger than when he thought against Slicer, but he was just one person, and it was up against the old generation of weak low spiked Dalki. Even Graham himself could do something like this.

——

Finally, Quinn had reached the room he had been looking for. Here he could see three four spiked Dalki. It was the main meeting hall for the Daisy faction but it was open, filled with blood and teleporters in the back could be seen having already been destroyed.

What Quinn was more concerned about, was the fact that he could see another group of survivors, about six or so of them in total.

'I don't see her!' Quinn thought, a mix of anger and worry on his face.

These Dalki, unlike the rest, seemed to be somewhat aware that something was coming. However, it didn't matter to Quinn, this whole time there was something he hadn't used. Shadows started to grow from his feet and had covered the entire floor.

The Dalki, seeing this, tried to avoid it, but since they had filled the entire room there was nowhere for them to go and once it came into contact with their shadows, their movements slowed. A Dalki seeing this, concerned, had decided to grab a hostage, yet the shadow had just appeared in front of them blocking its attack and the next second, Quinn was seen coming through it, holding onto Dalki's arm.

"I'm going to borrow some energy from you." Quinn said activating the active skill of his gauntlet. All of the things he had obtained, all of the fight he had fought, was for this moment. It was then the hostages could see that this person, in front of the four spiked Dalki they wouldn't dare fight against, was untouchable.

——

"Come on, we have to hurry!" Bonny shouted, as the three of them did their best to catch up to Quinn. They came just in time to see the Cursed faction leader standing there with three four spiked Dalki dead on the ground.

"It looks like Quinn has managed to save more of the Daisy faction, and we have two of their leaders here!"

Quinn hadn't had the time to speak to the ones he had saved, but he had recognised both of Helen's sisters.

'If these two are alive, Helen should also be safe.' Quinn thought, but there was another thought in the back of his mind. Where was Helen and why wasn't she with her sisters.

Without realising it, Quinn had become somewhat obsessed with finding Helen. Maybe it was because he felt like the two of them never got to talk, or he never got to thank her for the Daisy faction's help. Or perhaps it was the giant worry at the back of his mind. It was because of this, he didn't ask if the others were okay.

"Where is Helen?" Quinn asked. Her two sisters pointed towards a door to their right.

"We last saw them take her there, it's the science lab of the Daisy faction." Peach answered.

The two girls stood up next to Quinn, and followed him as he walked towards the door, and Bonny and the others weren't far behind him. He pushed the doors open, and they had finally found Helen…