Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1396 - Battle Of Daisy (Part 2)

The second Dalki mothership had caused panic inside the Daisy Faction. The number of Dalki that had appeared where equal to the force that was attacking outside. Helen had never predicted this, which was why the strongest members from the Daisy Faction were currently fighting outside.

The other members were stationed on the wall. However, they understood that if they were to move from their position, it might make matters worse, which was why it was left to all those who were currently inside the Shelter. Although lately, there had seemed to be a rise in those that could deal and fight with the Dalki, this number was minuscule compared to the regular human population.

Inside the Shelter, there weren't many normal civilians with abilities that could go past that of level five; their beast gear wasn't even past that of the advanced level. Which meant, even if they were to team up and try their best to fight against a One Spiked Dalki, they would fail.

This fact was made clear in the first war; it didn't matter how much the humans outnumbered the Dalki; they just didn't have enough people with strong enough abilities that could deal with them.

This was why, when the Cursed Faction members were called, it was a big help to the Shelter. These weren't just any members of the Cursed Faction but some of the strongest. Sil was making quite the impact; he had made sure to take abilities that suited him the most.

The Cursed Faction didn't have any elemental abilities that he could use, which was what the Blade family were mostly taught to use, but Sil knew that. After missing out on the fight on Balde Island with the rest, all Sil had done was train.

His enemies were now gone, Hilston was no longer here, so Sil decided to put his powers to use in helping Quinn, to make sure that others who had been raised like him could continue to live, and to protect the Blade kids at all costs.

With this in his head, Sil started to train himself with a set of abilities, strength, speed, hardness, and more, and he was using all of this now to fight off the Dalki. With his great power, he was stronger than them; with his speed, he was faster than them, and his hardening skills even made it, so his skin was stronger than theirs.

Sil was bulldozing through, killing Dalki after Dalki, and they could see that this was a problem, and now he had their attention. The Dalki knew if they didn't get rid of this troublesome variable, they wouldn't complete their mission.

However, he wasn't the only troublesome one, nor was he the only one that had trained. Nate was able to charge in just as recklessly with the shield, and then there was Layla, who stood on top of a building, firing at the Dalki with her arrows, trying to save as many lives as possible.

Helen, who was out the front, had been getting these reports, and she was thankful; it looked like the Daisy Faction would be okay. Until…a large black and golden pod came down from the Dalki mothership.

The pod looked different compared to others, and the way it had left the ship was distinct as well. It was shot out with such extreme force and speed that it hardly had spent any time in the air before slamming into the ground.

The force it had struck the ground was done so powerfully, that a large crater was created, and fissures on the ground were created from where it had fallen. Buildings within half a kilometre that were in the range of impact started to fall and crumble, and the Dalki started to move towards this destroyed area.

Layla was about a good kilometre away from where the pod had landed, but she could see its direction from a distance. She had a feeling this wasn't good news, so she made a decision.

"Everyone, head to the base where the teleporters are, be prepared to move out, at any moment," Layla shouted, making her voice louder with the power of Qi.

Hearing the voice, the people had decided to comply, leaving their homes and heading away from the centre of the Shelter, while those who thought they were better fighters would stay as others went past.

The streets were a bit clearer now, and Layla had decided to jump down from the high building. Before she hit the ground, she used her telekenesis ability on herself, slowing down her movements and landing safely.

'My ability powers have improved as well.' She noted. 'When I was human, it was limited to level two, and when I turned, I didn't bother trying to improve them so much. Now, I'm no longer restricted by the limits I had before. Thanks to Leo, I am able to realize this.'

On the ground, Nate had just finished dealing with a Dalki and ran over to the middle of the street between several buildings where Layla was. Up ahead, they could see the Dalki had gathered around the strange large pod. They were stood at the edge of the crater that was a few meters deep.

"What do you think that is?" Nate asked.

"Probably something similar to Slicer." Layla guessed. "The attack seems to be still happening outside, and I haven't received any report from Sam. I imagine other places might be under attack like this. Worst case though, the people should travel through the teleporters to one of the other planets."

"I think you might be right," Nate replied. "If Sam sent us, the big guns to this place, then they must be really in trouble."

Layla glanced at Nate for referring to himself and the others as the big guns, but that was just him, and it was then that the others saw someone else running straight past them at great speed, which was none other than Sil.

He continued to run forward and had entered where the Dalki and the large crater were. He didn't halt and continued to run right past the Dalki; none of them were able to catch him. At that moment, the door to the pod started to open. Steam had come out as the door opened wide.

"We don't need to call Quinn because he has us!" Sil shouted, jumping. He threw out his fist fast, and the outside of it could be seen hardening into a type of metallic material. With super-strength, speed, and hardening, Sil was delevering one of the strongest punches he had done before.

It was then that he saw his fist didn't strike; rather, something reached out and grabbed it. For a second, the strength gave in, and he could feel his hand losing momentum, but then a force pushed out, pushing Sil's hand back as well. Sil's feet were now touching the ground, and his other hand was quickly grabbed by whatever was in the pod.

The next second, he felt a force pushing him across the ground and the Dalki in the pod slowly stepped out.

"You are a strong one, I recognize you; you were there when Slicer died!" the Dalki shouted. He was covered in clothes and had five spikes on his back. He was none other than Graham.

"No one interferes! I need to fight this one!" Graham shouted, and soon a few arrows came for his head, which he quickly titled down, letting it hit his hard-scaled head. The arrows hit the target but snapped upon contact, even with the added power of Qi. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Looking up, Graham saw two more people standing at the edge of the crater, but Graham just smiled at this fact.

"All of you're going to help me evolve." Graham sneered. He then lifted his leg and kicked Sil by his side.

Sil, seeing this, tried to harden his side in time, but he was still sent flying and into the ground. The next second, Graham started running towards the other two.

"Back me up!" Nate said, running forward. He hadn't held out his shield yet; he thought that would be too obvious but needed to time it right. The Dalki was faster than him being a five spike, so he needed to predict the next attack. Still, he had gained extra strength and speed due to the power of the demon-tier weapon.

'He's pulled back his arm. Now!' Nate thought, throwing his shield out in front of him, but he never felt the attack against his shield and instead saw Graham standing there.

"You think I don't know what that shield does?" Graham smirked, "I was the one that created it."

Looking up, Nate could see just how large and muscular of a Dalki Graham was. Through the tight-fitting clothes, one could truly see how great beings they were, and just like with Sil, he lifted his leg to kick Nate aside.

Just then, an object came flying from the side and hit Graham from the side. It knocked him like a heavy truck, making him slightly fall off-balance and go down to one knee. Regaining his composure, Graham saw the boy he had kicked before holding a bow, but not on his own. Beside him was a brown-haired girl.

"Using our two abilities together was a good idea." Layla smiled. "For some reason, after the last five spikes, this one isn't that scary."