Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1397 - Battle Of Daisy (Part 3)

Looking at the ground, Graham was wondering what had hit him. The truth was that he wasn't hurt and could still move; he was just in a shock. It had been a long time since anything had succeeded in knocking off his balance. And he found out that of all things, what caused this was a simple arrowhead.

'The arrowhead couldn't pierce my skin, but that force, was it from the girl before? But how?' Graham thought.

Layla's arrows were able to work somewhat this time, compared to last time, due to the person who actually had fired the arrow. That was none other than Sil himself. Out of the multiple abilities he carried with himself, one of them could magnify any object's weight.

Using this, he made the arrowhead several times heavier. Then with another ability, he could accelerate any object he touched regardless of weight, which was exactly what he had used on the arrow. Lastly, Layla empowered it with Qi and ensured that it stayed on the right path.

She knew it would be almost impossible to move the arrow with her ability. They needed to get a perfect aim, and Sil wasn't exactly the best when using a bow and arrow. When the arrow had hit Graham, the force was too strong, and it had easily knocked him off balance.

However, although that trick had worked this time, they knew it wouldn't work again. Graham immediately stood up and felt it was best to deal with the troublesome ones first. He had wholly ignored Nate, deeming him as a person who could do him no harm even with his strongest attacks and headed straight for the other two.

They tried to fire multiple arrows, but Graham was able to jump and avoid them with his great speed each time.

"Layla, it's not going to work anymore. Let me take care of him!" Sil said as he hardened his fists and ran forward. He threw a punch towards Graham, but it completely missed; not only that, but Graham had wrapped his tail around Sil's arm and then slammed him onto the ground.

"You are from that damned Balde Family!" Graham said. "Even your whole family was only just able to take out Slicer, so what makes you think you can take care of me!"

Graham punched the ground where Sil lay, and Sil somehow managed to harden his stomach. Still, even then, the blow was so strong, his whole body sunk into the ground, making the crater around them even deeper. Sil spat out a bit of blood. He tried to get up but was hit again and again.

'No! I need to do something!' Layla was alarmed.

Strangely, there was a lot of negative smog in the air, and it was mostly coming off from Graham. Using this to her advantage, Layla didn't waste any time consuming it all in.

'In this situation, only one form will help us in this fight.' Layla thought, and almost immediately, the horns started to grow from her head, her teeth began to become pointed, and her eyes glowed red.

'Come on, stay in control; I have to stay in control!' Was the strongest thought in Layla's mind right now, and she had succeeded.

Graham was still in the middle of hitting Sil. With each hit, Graham seemed to be getting more frustrated, and it was all because Sil hadn't died yet. He didn't even have this much trouble killing fellow Dalki, so how was a mere human able to stay alive even after so many kicks?

With all six of his high-level abilities, Sil had a strong defence in his hardening abilities. Still, even with that, he was getting hurt from Graham's punches.

'How was Hilston able to fight against that other Dalki for so long? Is it because I'm still weak?' Sil knew he had to find a way to get out of this state but could not do anything.

In the next instant, Graham found himself being hit by a strange black ball. Spiritual chains were gripping on him, restricting his movements. However, even with their great power, the spiritual chains that had hardly failed Layla till this point, Graham was still able to move.

Still, Layla had somewhat expected this; she just needed Graham's movements to be slowed down slightly. At that moment, a blue flame formed out of nowhere. The second it touched Sil, he felt himself growing slightly stronger; a green flame touched his body, healing his wounds, and on top of that, there was another energy rising in him.

Layla was transferring her Qi energy into Sil. Sil hadn't learned the art of Qi; despite Nate wanting to teach it to him, Sil had decided to focus on improving his combat skills and use of different abilities.

With Layla, this didn't matter since she could give Qi through her ability to whoever she wished.

The next punch came towards Sil, and he was able to move away, hitting Graham's hand, causing it to skim right past Sil's head.

"You Damn lizard!" Sil shouted, using both his legs to kick Graham in the stomach, throwing him up in the air. He wasn't the only one in the air, as Layla was right behind with her sword. Striking at Graham's back, she hoped it would do something, but they just heard a loud clang as it bounced off his large scales.

Spinning his body, Graham now turned his attention towards Layla.

"You seem to be an annoying one as well!" Graham snarled.

Realizing that she had somehow been able to buff the boy Graham was punching just moments ago, Layla braced herself holding the sword.

Although the sword could block abilities, Qi, and other things, it didn't seem to work against physical strength, which the Dalki are best known for.

"Sprout!" She heard a voice, and plants started to appear seemingly out of nowhere, all turning towards Graham and Layla; at the same time, Nate was seen behind her, and he had covered the two of them in shadow.

Immediately, all of the plants started to fire towards Graham. As the spikes hit his body, multiple explosions went off one after another constantly. The spikes didn't stop, and Graham eventually landed on the ground.

Once Layla and Nate had landed and were far away enough, Nate placed his shadow away, and they could see who had come to their aid. On the other side was Helen, and she was standing next to Sil.

After seeing the strange pod land in the centre of the Shelter, Helen knew that it meant big trouble. Since her sisters were doing well dealing with the Dalki that were coming from the front, she decided to check in at the Shelter to find this situation.

"Do you think the four of us can take him down?" Helen asked, unsure.

Before Sil could answer, small stones suddenly flew out from the explosion dust and started to hit the plants one by one. Each time it hit them, the plants would wither instantly. Then, these stones were thrown towards Sil, who caught them, preventing them from hurting Helen.

On the other end, they were blocked by Nate's shield. Now that the explosions had stopped, they could see Graham standing there, some of his clothes slightly scorched from the attack, but still, through his hard skin, not a single attack had hurt his body. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The four of them had used nearly everything they could, and Sil was the strongest among them, yet even now, they still hadn't been able to put a scratch on Graham.

"Hey, I have an idea. You gave some of your power to Sil earlier, right? Well, give him as much power as you can. At the same time, try to trap the enemy with those chains like you did last time. If I use my shadow, I can block one attack from him, but that's it, and it will completely dry my MC cells." Nate explained, telling her they only had one shot.

Layla knew Nate had a plan, but she just didn't know whether or not Sil would understand the plan either. Lifting up his shield, Nate punched it a few times, and both he and Sil nodded as if they understood what they were about to do.

"Now!" Nate shouted.

Layla spread out her arms at that moment, and a dozen of the black spiritual balls had surrounded Graham; it was impossible for him to avoid. Seeing them and knowing what it did last time, Graham was cautious about touching them.

Regardless, it didn't exactly seem like he could get out if he didn't touch them, and he decided to pick a direction and move ahead. Two of them touched him, and the chains immediately wrapped around his feet. Using her powers, Layla then moved all of them towards him.

Layla used multiple black balls at once, so the effect of the chains was stronger, and now Graham's movements were somewhat restricted.

Helen had dropped many seeds on the ground, and immediately they started to sprout, firing off the spikes from before, causing multiple explosions as they hit Graham's body.

She knew that they wouldn't do any damage, but that wasn't why they were being used; it was because they needed a smokescreen. To her side, Sil could feel his strength rising beyond what it was before. This was because of Layla.

At that moment, though, they could see a fist moving so fast that the smoke had been blown away and a punch was heading right towards Sil's face, but a shadow had appeared, at that moment, between the two of them, blocking Graham's punch.

Seeing Sil's punch coming towards Graham, he was unafraid; just like before, these weak punches would do nothing to him, but the punch was never aiming for him in the first place. Sil had used one of Graham's legs to jump up as he threw out his hardened fist as strong as he could, and a ringing clang was heard.

What it had hit was the Demon-tier shield that Nate was currently holding up. Sil's momentum, the strength of his attack at that moment, was doubled.

"There is more than one way to use this thing!" Nate shouted as the shield lit up was pointed towards Graham.