Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1447 - A Worse Threat (Part 1)

Just like in the main arena, right now Quinn was having to fight off an endless stream of Pure Beasts. He had been taking them out one by one, rather than use an attack targeting multiple ones. There were many ways Quinn could have used a number of his skills to take out the endless army, yet he didn't and Ray, who was with him in the system, knew why.

The Cursed faction leader was still trying to find some way to save them. Each time he killed one of the Pure Beasts, his ancestor could see that Quinn's fists hesitated for a fraction of a second. With his strength a single blow in the right place was enough to finish them. Nevertheless, he did what needed to be done, and the Pure Beasts were falling to the floor.

Rising above them, Quinn lept to the air and used his gauntlet to cling onto the side of the arena walls. He readied his fist trying to punch it. As it slammed into the wall a clang was heard and an indent was made but there was nothing else.

'How thick are these walls. I've never seen so much Glathrium being used?' Quinn thought.

Glathrium was apparently meant to be a rare substance, but he didn't think that was the case with how much he could currently see. Perhaps the Board members were the ones that were creating an artificial demand by limiting its use, and that way raising the price. After learning what type of people they really were, nothing would surprise him anymore about their scummy ways.

As Quinn readied himself to punch the wall once more, several of the Pure beasts started to climb on top of each other, creating a pile to reach him and at the same time they fired from their hair the green substance. Quinn would fire back at the green substance hitting it with his blood swipes, as he quickly leapt down and headed back to the floor. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Fortunately, the Blood armour he was currently wearing allowed him to use his own Blood powers non-stop. Not only did Quinn use that to shield himself from the special spit their hair was producing, and was able to channel blood into his attacks, as he kicked them, punched and kneed and elbowed his enemies.

While fighting, Quinn noticed that some of them were changing their appearance. After sustaining enough injuries, they would eventually revert to being somewhat human. Unfortunately, it didn't stop them from attacking him, though, yet the power difference was apparent.

All of that reminded him awfully of Borden, who was quite different compared to the rest of the Dalki.

'What is this?' Quinn thought.

'I'm pretty sure it's the beasting process like I said before.' His ancestor answered. 'There has been a great difference between my time and yours, but after watching them for a while I'm sure it's something similar.

'In the past, humans were weak, and many of them needed a boost in fighting power, so what better way then to use the strong beasts that they needed to go against. Later on, they found a way for humans to absorb the essence of a beast crystal, changing their body into this. However, it came with great risks. One required strong power to control the change, not just anyone could do such a thing.

'At the same time, to minimise the risk, you wouldn't go for a high tier beast, but would usually start from the ground up with a Basic tier crystals, then Intermediate and so on, but this…'

Just then, Quin grabbed the serpent-like hair, and pulled one of the beast's heads down while slamming his knee into its face. Quickly, the vampire spun around and delivered a kick, towards one that had managed to get behind him, sending it flying through the air.

'This… they don't feel like they absorbed the essence of only one beast.' Ray continued. 'It's almost like a chimaera of some sorts. Like they have mixed multiple beasts crystals into the humans.'

Quinn couldn't agree more, the claws, the scales, and the hair. Each one of them had different properties, and he felt as if he was fighting multiple beasts at once. It was why they were a little more difficult than regular beasts to fight, but listening to Ray speak, Quinn found something interesting in what he had said.

'Explain to me, if this would be the beasting process, then what level do you think these beasts were at?' Quinn asked.

Ray had been watching them fight for a while now, and was thinking.

'It's hard to say, since I don't know how strong the humans were beforehand. If the human was already strong, even a Basic tier beast crystal would see them gain a huge boost by giving them a beast-like body and powers. With many beasts seemingly being used, I can only assume it would further strengthen them. However, these guys in their human form seem incredibly weak, so my guess would be an Intermediate tier… King tier at best.'

'Did he just say Intermediate tier… is the strength of an Intermediate beast mixed with humans?'

The Dalki and the beast in front of them were both quite different yet similar. One method was combining the powers of a beast with a human, while the other was creating a new species with human and beast DNA.

If what Ray said was true though…

'How strong would a human be if he were to go through this beasting process with a Demon tier beast crystal?' Quinn asked.

'I have no idea.' Ray replied. 'During my time, that never happened. It would have most likely just killed any human that tried to go through such a thing, but if it was possible then judging by the situation you are in now, they would create something that was beyond a demon tier.'

Although Quinn knew somewhat what the answer was going to be, he was hoping he wouldn't have heard that answer.

'I wanted to find a way to help them, but I can't find the one controlling them, and it looks like my abilities aren't going to come back. The others are in trouble so I have to get out of here.' Quinn said to himself.

As he raised his hand, blood started to gather not just from within himself, but from all the others that had been hurt as well.

——

Inside the room, everyone was slowly watching the glowing eyes of what was in front of them. For some reason, those in the room were reluctant to move, it was as if they knew whoever was to act first would be the one that needed to deal with the Pure member, it also was clear to them that something had changed with the said person.

And, although Leo and Such were able to see better during the night, the same couldn't exactly be said for them in the smoke, which was making it hard to see anyone's position.

'The smoke is still pouring into the room now.' Logan noticed. 'I need to disable them somehow, if I get a hold onto the machines. Then I might be able to use my soul weapon, but I have a feeling that I won't be able to freely move.'

Instead, Logan decided to use what little spiders he had left. He no longer had enough to create his regular suit of armour and had already used a good amount of them creating the masks for those in the Graylash family.

They could perhaps disable the machine somehow, if they found the right component, but it would take some time. Still,it made Logan wonder why one person hadn't acted yet. There was one who was in the room with them that had strength that equalled Sil at times. Surely he should have been able to break out of the room.

When Sil went to turn his head to look in his direction, suddenly, they heard a thud, as another member of their group had passed out and had fallen to the floor.

Sera had just summoned a sword in his hand, and it looked like he was ready to act, but before he did, he had collapsed onto the ground as well.

"That idiot!" A voice said.