Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1454 - The Strongest Form

The moment Quinn entered the arena, all of them could feel a power from the south side of the area that was impossible to ignore. From wherever they were it felt like a heavy pressure was pushing down on them, and when they turned all they could see was a strange, large creature.

It was hard to even figure out what it was. Its appearance resembled a Bloodsucker who had been mixed with a Dalki, with a dash of Blood Fairy on top of that. With such a drastic image change, it was safe to say that none of them recognised that creature as Quinn, their King, leader, or friend.

At the moment, the one who had been commanding the vampires so far was trying to figure out what to do.

'This scent is something I've never smelt before. I can't quite pinpoint if it's a beast or a vampire, but its features… Is it another type of beast… or is this Quinn's next stage of evolution?'

In the end, the tenth leader assumed it to be the latter, mainly because it had only killed the new beasts that had appeared, rather than focus on them. At the same time, he could only imagine one person that would be able to stop the onslaught of beasts.

He did not have time to ponder over this matter too long though, since at the same time he noticed something else strange that had occurred, wondering if that might also be Quinn's doing. During their fight, Pure agents had started to come from the north container, where the Board members should have been.

It looked like the beasts were letting them through and soon both groups would have some trouble on their hands, but then suddenly something happened to the Pure beasts. Those that were partially transformed had gone into a full transformation.

Now looking like complete beasts rather than beasts with human features, they had suddenly turned on the Pure members. Using his ears, Vincent was trying to pick up information, so he could get a grip on what was happening.

"What's going on? Everything was working fine up until that beast showed up! Why are they suddenly at- '' The man couldn't finish his sentence, as he had been killed midway. The Pure members were skilled, but the unexpected attack had caught them off guard, and against the onslaught of beasts they stood no chance, even if they were to work together, like the humans and vampires had done.

'This doesn't seem to be part of their plan. What was the case for them going out of control?' Vincent wondered. 'If I think about it, why is there a need to control them in the first place? If they were able to create a beast and human hybrid with the humans they should be in control, as long as they were willing participants like those from Pure, it would be fine.

'But maybe… it's still more beast than human, they still have created some type of imbalance, which is why they need to be controlled.'

In the meantime, another strange thing was happening on the south side. For the first time, Quinn started to walk forward. He wasn't a wild beast, despite his changed appearance, he could still think rationally. He had merely stopped to take in the entire situation, and had come to the same conclusion as Vincent.

' …I bet they just used whoever they could find for their personal gain.' Quinn deduced. 'That's why there are members of Pure that haven't even gone through the process themselves. They deserve to be killed by their own creations.'

The moment Quinn walked forward, each beast was making way for him, even those that were in the midst of fighting. Whether it was consciously or subconsciously he didn't know, but now that they weren't controlled any more, the likeliest scenario was that their natural instincts had taken over.

Yet, there were still plenty that were attacking the others. Looking far, Quinn could see that the Pure members who had come from the north side, looked to already be trying to retreat, running back towards the glass container.

'I won't let you.' Quinn decided, as his wings flapped as fast as a bug, they were as thick and heavy as a drain from the top, so the strength of the wind it was producing was incredible, and the speed looked somewhat unbelievable.

The next second, they saw a red stream graze the sky, and landing directly in the north entrance was the Vampiric Dragon blocking their way.

The Pure agents wanted to turn away, seeing such a thing, but there was an army following them.

"Everything's gone south, since that thing appeared! Let's deal with it, to make everything return to normal!!" A Pure member shouted to motivate his remaining colleagues.

The next second, Quinn turned around, swinging out his large tail. He was still far away from them, but in the next moment it became clear that that wasn't an issue. A single red line in the shape of the tail flew through the sky.

It was larger than any Blood swipe he had ever performed before, and it was far more powerful. The Pure members tried using their Qi to block it, activating their armour skills and some took out some odd crystals, but as soon as the red aura touched their bodies their fate was sealed.

So far it had gone through three rows of beasts and people, slicing them all in half.

"Everyone, leave the area floor, let our King deal with this!" Vincent yelled at the top of his lungs, hoping the others could hear this as well. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Leo of course heard this, and ordered the others to do the same. Most of them were on the stage rather than on the arena's ground floor, but there was one that was still down there. Giving this command to his Familiar who was out on the field, it quickly rushed onto the beast to where the horse was.

"Hey! You heard what they said, take your master to the top of the stage, hurry!" Ovin warned and started to disappear into the mist himself as he went back to Leo.

The horse seemed to understand its call, and soon was running back and jumped onto the stage, while everyone watched what was about to commence.

Those who had been unable to evade the Vampiric Dragon's tail swipe, all had perished. The attack had reached halfway before it had eventually ended.

'That was all from something as simple as a Blood swipe with my tail… just how much power does this form hold? I can tell that I haven't even touched the surface of this power. There are so many things I can do. With this… I might actually be able to get rid of the Dalki!'

Quinn was starting to reconsider whether Ray might have actually been telling the truth when he had claimed that something like the Dragon that had protected the tablet would have been nothing to him. Seeing all of those in front of him, he was ready to finish them all.

He could tell that they were no longer under control, but none of them had reverted to what they once were. Seeing how they were still going after those around them, he was sure that they had either embraced their beast side, or it had simply taken over.

Quinn's wings started to stretch back, almost touching each other, his chest then started to grow as he took in air, and tilted his head back. Red aura energy from within was gathering, and at the same time, blood seemed to be rising from the others around, heading towards Quinn's direction.

It looked like some type of gravity as all the droplets headed towards him. Then, swinging his head back forward with his jaws split wide open, a gigantic beam left Quinn's mouth.

Its range was wide enough to cover the whole arena from where he was, apart from the stands. Everything it touched started to disintegrate.

"This power reminds me of Laxmus… is Quinn now the same as him?" Sunny asked.

"No… this should be different, look." Vincent said.

The red beam had ended, and there wasn't a single beast left. Not only that, but part of the ground had disappeared with them. If one was to look at the south side of the arena… there was no stadium there any more. Looking further, the buildings that used to be there had also completely disappeared off the face of the earth.

"He seems to be even stronger than the Original King."