Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1518 - The Vampire Hunter's Problems (Part 1)

Rumours were starting to spread within the Earthborn faction that perhaps there soon would be a fight on their hands. Everyone knew that it would happen at some point and time, but those that were in the Shelter a little away from the military were frightened. Of course, they would be, since they had little defences.

While walking the streets, Erin was listening in on all the surrounding conversations. It was a skill that she had often done when travelling with Leo. Although vampires had great hearing, all the noise at once made it hard to focus on just one, making it a skill she had needed to pick up.

"I heard there is a mass recruitment in the other Shelters. The Earthborn faction wants to get everyone with some type of useful ability to head towards the frontline."

"I mean, at some point, if the military and the other factions don't win this, then we would have to fight for our lives anyway."

"They're not doing their job. We should just head to Earth, or try to head to a different solar system where the Dalki can't reach us. That should be possible, right? I don't know about you, but I'm still scared about the vampires. I heard they attacked and sucked someone dry just because they looked at them funny."

As expected, Erin could only hear news about the upcoming fight. What she was surprised about, though, was the fact that there was no news about Quinn after he had made that declaration to the world. Based on the way the Dalki had acted in the past, the Dhampir had been sure they would react, yet so far there had been nothing.

'I wonder if the Dalki are planning something. Everyone is too scared to act and is just waiting, but if we just sit here and wait while our enemy is preparing to get stronger and improving, it will be our loss.' Erin thought as she took a deep breath.

Every once in a while, she would get reminders of what had occurred the other day. She had been trying to harness those feelings… but right now, the young woman needed to find a way to make money.

"I heard that the new General Longblade has sent over his right-hand men to this Shelter, Rafer Lyle. I thought it was to protect us, but I've heard the guy has been looking for people willing to go out on a hunting expedition with them!"

"I mean, we still need crystals and equipment times like these, and although there are a lot of people here that aren't strong enough to go against the Dalki we could still do some fighting."

This seemed like a good way out of her financial situation. At the same time it would be a good way to help her with her personal problems. So far only two things allowed her to keep sane. One of them was meditation, but that severely limited the amount of training time. The other was fighting other things that weren't vampires.

After gathering enough information, Erin discovered the location of the recruitment process for the beast hunting teams. Just like how Travelers would be ranked and be allowed to search for beasts, the same would be done here.

The Dhampir soon arrived at a courtyard of a grand manor that was being used by Rafer and other high-ranking officers during their stay here. All those that wanted to take part had gathered in an open field and a test was being conducted.

The test was simple enough, they were asked to fight against one of the Earthborn soldiers. After a little sparring match. Based on their results, they would be put into different groups.

Behind the soldiers there were three circles that had been drawn on the ground and each one was being told to go into a different circle.

"Next!" Rafer shouted out to all of them, with his hands by his side. He was quite the large and busy man, yet he still had a smile on his face most of the time. He also took his work seriously and knew when to be kind and tough on others.

In the middle section there was a red haired man who looked like a teenager walking forward.

'Huh, isn't that?' For a second, Erin was sure she had recognised him.

As the soldier charged forward to attack, Berg spun around, avoiding the sword. It looked slow at first but then from one of his elbows emitted fire from behind. Using the power of his flames he accelerated the spinning in his body and hit the soldier in the side of the head knocking him down to the floor.

It was the first contestant that was able to completely overwhelm the soldiers out of all of the ones who had taken part so far.

"Power of fire? Doesn't that mean he's from the Sunshield family? I guess the red hair makes sense now."

There were plenty of whispers after seeing him in action, and Erin was right. Berg was someone who had also gone to the same academy as them. He was a favourite and a talented student, rising to the top. At one point and time, Erin had treated Berg as her rival. However, it hadn't taken her long to realise that she needed to worry about others if she wanted to be the best.

A childish dream that seemed so long ago, yet it had been merely a few years…

"Third circle!" Rafer announced.

The third circle had the least amount of people, there were only around eight in the group in total. Then there was the middle section with around fifteen or so, and lastly the end circle that had the most number of people, numbering around fifty.

It was clear that the circle Berg was in, was considered the best.

"Next." Rafer called out, and it was finally time for Erin to go out.

Currently, Erin had the large sword on her back not just in its specially made scabbard, but she also had it wrapped in cloth. Not only would it be strange for someone to have their own Demon tier weapon, but since it used to belong to the previous Supreme Commander Oscar, everybody in the military would instantly recognise it. Still, even on her back, she could still activate it and benefit from the additional strength a Demon tier would usually produce.

Looking at her opponent in front of her, the soldier wielded a long sword. Erin pulled out her katana blade. It gathered a lot of attention due to its shape and red colour. One could tell it was quite high-level, only they didn't know that it wasn't a beast weapon at all.

The match began, and the man charged in, the first thing Erin did was sweep her foot across the ground, chucking some dirt into his eyes. At that moment, she struck to his side, but the soldier was able to block.

She went for another attack which was a little faster and hit the shoulder guard of the shoulder. This continued, and the soldier was clearly being overwhelmed, but eventually, he stomped on the ground, and a pillar rose in front of Erin, hitting her in the stomach.

A second before it reached her, she lept back and fell on her back side.

"A speed user. Although your ability is not great, you knew the right spots to attack. You've earned a place in the second circle." The soldier instructed after giving her a hand.

This had, of course, been Erin's plan all along. The Dhampir didn't wish to sit out, though she didn't consider it wise to go in as the first circle either. She had a feeling that something was up anyway.

After the testing was complete, Rafer went to the first circle, where Berg and the others were.

"All of you will head to the other Shelter and prepare yourselves!"

They soon looked at themselves with confused looks. Why were they going to the other Shelter if this was meant to be a beast hunting force, but the others soon cached on.

"You disappoint your fellow humans. With as much power as you have, you decided to hide it and run away to this Shelter! You should be on the front lines fighting with that strength."

The others couldn't really argue with this, because they knew that they had hid themselves. Perhaps there was even more today that had done the same thing as Erin not showing her full power and had figured out what the army was trying to do before them.

For a second, though, Rafer looked towards Berg.

"You, kid, how old are you?"

"Nineteen, sir." Berg replied.

"And you, the one in the hood…come forward." Rafer requested.

It was clear that he was talking to Erin, and her heart started to thump. Not yet, she wasn't ready to go on the front-line just yet. Not when she would be placed among other vampires.

*******

My Werewolf System has finally arrived on Webnovel!

If you want to support me, you can do so on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

You will get access to the MWS novel, and webtoon for only $3 dollar a month.

For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga