Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Adapting to the situation would be what best described what the Dalki were doing at the moment. Sam was right, Graham never knew that they had planned to attack so soon and if they had done it a little sooner, the Dalki leader would have been unable to prepare the New Gen Dalki of mostly three to four spikes and the humanoid Dalki.

The combined power of the vampires and the humans was a development outside his predictions. Which is why even though the New Gen Dalki was ready, something else that Graham had planned was not.

When Logan looked at the files in Graham's server he had found another experiment. Although this one had been going on for a while it was yet to be complete. However, the most surprising thing was the fact that the location of the experiment had been moved itself.

From the main lab that was on the Dalki home planet, to one of the motherships. It was as if Graham expected them to get as far to their home planet. At least this was how Sam interpreted the action, but it was something much simpler than that.

Quinn had given Graham a challenge, stating that the vampire settlement couldn't be taken over, and the Dalki leader was willing to prove him wrong. The current experiment was on the very last Dalki ship that had headed over to the Daisy planet.

———

A little before Sam and the others had arrived, two people were in the middle of a debate, although one person seemed to have already won, since the ship was heading towards the vampire settlement already.

"We have to report on this!" Bonny shouted at Void.

After filming Sunny, Bonny and Void had relocated to one of the Earthborn faction planets. They had also filmed Longblade and the rest of the vampires reclaim the planet they were currently on.

One of the reasons they had chosen to move to this planet was to show the relation between the vampires and humans.

Unfortunately, that is where the filming had also stopped. Sam had told the reporter duo that going into the Dalki part of the beast planet solar system was too dangerous. The lives of their own people could not be guaranteed, much less that of two more civilians. Seeing how insistent he had been, Void had taken it upon himself to convince her.

The duo kept receiving good news after good news, but weren't really able to give full updates on the entire situation. This of course caused quite a bit of backlash from the online community. Asking them to film the battles like they had been doing.

The soldiers were risking their lives, and the civilians demanded to see what was happening. All of them were already praying for the success of humanity, yet getting kept in the dark was making all of them anxious. Bonny could sympathise, since they were just as blind without the occasional update.

In the end though, something like a calling had appeared. The Dalki were now attacking the human part of the Beast solar system. It was close by, not too far away, and on top of that this was the last Dalki mother ship.

Bonny felt like the people deserved to know, which was why she was already on the move as soon as she knew what was going on. There was still one question on her mind, as well as that of many others, especially from the Cursed faction.

Where was Quinn?

"Don't you think we have tempted fate too many times? Besides most of those there are vampires!" Void shouted back. "We should just go back to the others and wait for the good news."

"Are you crazy, this could be the final fight! The fight which decides humanity's fate! It's on our part of the galaxy, so no matter what we are going!"

Void knew that his protest was in vain, after all the ship had already taken off. Still, he just wanted to share his frustration. After this, he had decided himself. If this really was the final fight, then he would hang up his filming days and retire.

Eventually the ship had arrived, and the special drones they would use had appeared as well. They had caught the tail end of the retreating Dalki, which was a weird sight to behold.

"Oh…is the fight already over? It looks like we might have had some luck!" Void commented with a wide smile as he continued to film the whole thing. He was so used to it by now, that it was almost an automatic response for him.

"No, look at the film and zoom into that one's face!" Bonny shouted, still excited. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

The live stream had already started, and it was the first time the public were being shown a humanoid Dalki, but the camera was able to catch what Bonny had seen perfectly.

"What is that? Is it a mix of a human and a Dalki, a Humalki?"

"That's a stupid name… and you shouldn't make it sound cute in the first place. Look how all the other Dalki are taking orders from it. It's clearly the leader, which means he could kill your arse and all of our arses any second."

"There's something that's giving me goosebumps looking at the thing as well…can you see it smiling for some reason."

————

The humanoid Dalki along with the others had retreated, because they could tell that it was ready, what they needed more than anything was more time. While the vampire leaders were preparing for what was to come, Sam was doing something else.

He had activated his Dalki energy reading device, just to confirm the group's worst fears.

"How bad is it?" Chucky asked.

Sam was on the wall of the fortress, while Vincent had gone down to join the others out front. The vampires that were injured or dead had been moved inside as they were taken in. The good thing was the group were allowed to recognise themselves.

Around two hundred strong vampires were present, gargoyles still alive with crystals of a high tier powering them. Going up against the army of seventy or so Dalki, but there was more…

"The energy reading, if we don't include what was already here, it's three times higher than the other planets." Sam explained. "It's worse than I thought."

The hatch of the Dalki mothership slowly started to open up, and walking out three Dalki could be seen, and around the world the reactions of seeing these three were dreadful.

Not only were the civilians watching the broadcast of the battle that was about to take place, but all of those that had just survived their own battles. Those that had fought in the war so far, couldn't believe it.

"How…are we meant to win this fight?" Samantha asked, and the others felt the same way.

"We have to go, we can't just sit around and wait to see what happens, even if we are exhausted." Mona said, who was with Samantha on one of the Earthborn planets.

"Get the ship ready, we're heading for the vampire settlement!" Owen shouted after seeing the three.

"Sir, you can't, you still haven't recovered and can barely move. Do you really think being there will make a difference?"

"If we don't win this battle we have lost the war, don't you understand that? Get me a ship and take me there now." Owen demanded.

The reaction from everyone in the world wasn't an overreaction at all, because of three Dalki they could see.

The one on the right figure was slightly leaner than the other Dalki, still it looked more normal than the others. It had a resemblance to one of those they had seen before, but this one had two horns.

Then there was another Dalki, with a snout larger than others, and fists that were able to carry more energy, standing to the right. Finally, in the centre, there was a Dalki with an abnormally large tail. One that would swing almost left to right as they walked out.

Each of these had five spikes on their back, but that wasn't the worrying part at all. It was the fact that in some way, they had some type of resemblance to the Dalki leaders. One Horn, Slicer and Green Horn.

"We killed them before… we just have to do it again." Vincent said to himself.

Hearing what Vincent said, standing on top of the tower Sam replied.

"Yeah…but last time they were all apart, this time there together… and some of the people that killed them are dead."

******

My Werewolf System has finally arrived on Webnovel!

If you want to support me, you can do so on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

You will get access to the MWS novel, and webtoon for only $3 dollar a month.

For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga