Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

When fighting, Quinn realised something. For one, he wasn't the best when it came to using Arthur's sword, nor was he as creative as him when using all the other family abilities, and even if he was, Graham was just too fast and skilled for them to work on him well.

In the first place, the sword had already been punched away and was far on the ground somewhere. If Quinn attempted to go after it, there was a good chance he would create an opportunity for Graham to injure him when he needed to avoid as many hits as possible.

'The good thing is, although I could still feel pain, while I have the shadow body, I can take a few hits head-on. But my blood powers and strength are less than his, which means I will have to use every skill I have to beat him.'

Before moving forward, Quinn summoned countless shadows which appeared all around Graham's position. With the twin tail weapons, Quinn started to swing them as swiftly as possible. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Countless slashes of red aura went through the shadow portals and went towards Graham, but he looked unafraid as he decided to run straight towards Quinn. While running, the red blood aura hit him all over, but it seemed to do nothing to his skin, only ripping his clothes at most to reveal more of his hard skin underneath.

Suddenly, Graham boosted himself a little, kicking the ground and raising it beneath him. It blocked a lot of the attacks, and in an instant, he was right in front of Quinn, ready to deliver another punch.

The viewers heard a loud bang as Graham's fist went right through Quinn's head, and then another bang was heard when this punch also reached its target, exploding and destroying everything in sight. Each punch was a deadly blow.

It was clear Graham had the power to destroy castles, Shelters, and everything in a single punch. Watching it all, it was no wonder that even though there were no more Dalki's, he was still confident that he could finish off the rest of the humans, and this monster of a fight proved that he was right.

The thing was, the body that he had just hit was nothing but a bunch of shadows, as they slowly began to disappear, but the rest of it also wrapped around Graham, almost holding him in place.

Before he could react, both of the twin tails smashed into Graham from the side. His whole body was dragged to the side and flung back into the settlement walls, crashing through it.

The others were glad they had cleared the area; otherwise, at least a few of them would have died just in this exchange. Still, Graham looked unhurt, even by this attack, and his hand was held firmly onto the twin blades, not even causing a scratch on his hard scales.

Pulling on the twin tails, Graham dragged Quinn across the ground, sending him coming towards him mid-air, but while mid-air, Quinn quickly placed the twin tails away, making them disappear and then summoned them back in the next instant.

'I need more power!' Quinn thought as he swung both of them as hard as he could from above, pushing the power of his Qi to the limit.

Raising his hands, Graham stopped the twin tails but was pushed deep into the ground, creating spider-web-like cracks on the surface beneath his feet.

"I see why the others lost to you, you're skilful, and you have so many tricks up your sleeve, but still, you haven't succeeded in even injuring me, not even a scratch!"

Seeing how the soul weapons weren't working, Quinn placed them away again and landed on the ground charging forward. However, this time, the shadows forming the wings on his back moved and began to condense down into something else.

Quinn had seen Arthur do this, making his special condensed shadow shield, but Quinn decided to do something else instead. As it enveloped his left hand, soon, his entire arm was covered in the shadow, flickering ever so slightly.

He already knew that his current blood gauntlet wasn't best used in this situation, so he decided to cover this one in shadows. Meanwhile, on his other arm, Quinn was gathering blood, not just now but during the previous exchanges as well. He had been gathering the blood of the Dalki and the vampires and had wrapped it around his arm once more, and it had slowly hardened over his other gauntlet.

Now, the blood around it started to spin once more, and the Qi, along with the blood, was revolving. One arm with an energy drain gauntlet was a Qi infused blood drill, while the other gauntlet had the shadow condensed over it.

Once again, confident in his strength, Graham didn't worry about this and threw his punch towards Quinn, aiming to get rid of him.

"I'm sure this is your real body this time...so it doesn't matter what game you are up to!" Graham shouted.

Instead of throwing his blood drill hand forward, Quinn opened his hand and grabbed Graham's fist with the condensed shadow instead. It came to a complete stop as if the energy was no longer there.

"Now I have you held in place," Quinn said as he stomped his foot on the ground and threw his right arm from down below, aiming right for Graham's stomach.

[88 Percent of System has been synced]

'His attack...it's stronger than it was before.' Graham realised because, for the first time, a trickle of green blood dripped down the side of his mouth. He threw another punch with his other arm, but Quinn quickly used his shadow hand to grab it once again and delivered another punch with his right hand, this time at his elbow, aiming to break Graham's arm.

It did nothing, but Quinn could move again and continued to use his shadow arm once again, blocking and striking like this. The shadow hand had become Quinn's trump card since it could block any attack, and slowly bit by bit Quinn's punches were getting stronger.

[96 percent of the Nest Crystal has been synced]

The problem was, the more Graham received damage, the faster he became as his speed was constantly improved, and he could soon keep up with Quinn and eventually, after delivering another strong punch and it being blocked by Quinn, something happened.

[Shadow overload has ended]

'Wait, what..that many MC cells....are gone like that... I didn't even fight for too long.'

Quinn realised at that moment just how powerful Graham's punches must have been during the fight because his 100,000 MC cells had gone down to 0.

[Shadow body is no longer activated.]

Quinn knew that the drawback had to be big, but now he had to fight with the only advantage he had, and quickly Quinn started to run back, getting away from Graham as fast as he could.

"Haha...I guess that Shadows can't last forever after all!" Graham said. Instead of a punch, Graham threw out a kick towards Quinn's this time.

[Shadow equip activated]

[Blue Fang set has now been equipped]

'I can't get hit…if I do… I'll die.'

[Full reset activated]

[All active skills and cooldowns have been reset]

Full reset, it was one of the gifts Quinn had received from Richard Eno that would help him in this war, which he had saved precisely for a situation like this. He had already used the blue fang set once, and he knew that with his newfound blood powers, he needed the strength of the blood attacks.

But now he had another thought, what if he could buy time? By time until the sync was complete. With a full reset, Quinn was able to activate the active skill of his armour once again.

[Nitro accelerate]

Dashing away, Quinn easily avoided the blow, but the kick's power caused a large shockwave to hit the settlement wall. It went right through it, crushing it and continuing hitting some of the other castles causing them to fall to the ground.

Still, with Quinn's current speed, he was faster than Graham. Suddenly, the fight had become a type of chase. Quinn continuously waited for Graham to attack him while running and avoiding the strike repeatedly.

"What are you doing? You think you can win like this!" Graham shouted at the top of his lungs and got frustrated as he wildly threw punches, destroying the whole area. Nothing could have survived the torn-up battlefield around them.

Until eventually.

[99 percent of the system has been synced]

'Just a little more.'

"Guys! We have to go out there!" Sil shouted out the rest of them. "We have to save Quinn... he's in trouble!"

Vorden looked at Sil and realised that he must have still had the foresight ability activated and could see something disastrous was about to happen.

Out on the field, Quinn's Nitro accelerate was still active, and it looked like his system would come through for him. Running away and heading a great distance away from Graham, Quinn was ready.

'I can feel it. My body, it's gotten stronger...I should be able to do something against him now!' Quinn thought.

[100 percent of the system has been synced]

[Your system has successfully been upgraded]

[Full unlock has been requested]

[Stat points have been boosted]

[Quest has begun - Become something beyond a vampire lord]

[Evolution will now begin]

'What!' Quinn thought as his body suddenly fell to the ground.

******

My Werewolf System has finally arrived on Webnovel!

If you want to support me, you can do so on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

You will get access to the MWS novel, and webtoon for only $3 dollar a month.

For MVS artwork and updates follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga