Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

​Chapter 1668: The Big Day. (Part 1)

It was finally time for the big day, the day that everyone had been waiting for. Not just for those who were currently at and in the Chained Establishment but also for all of those tuning in online. At 9:00 Am, all reporters were ready, having switched on their cameras, ready to not miss a single thing.

Many of them were disappointed already by the viewing figures they had received when the Chained group were attacked because AJ had gotten all of the best shots-being able to run down directly to the ground where the fighting was taking place.

Also, able to run and get good shots as each scene was happening. While most were filled with excitement for the big day, one person was filled with dread.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Looking in the mirror, Jessica started to slap her face. The maids that would usually help her had already been in her room for an hour. They made sure everything about her was perfect and not a single strand of hair would be left on its own.

"You look beautiful, Miss Jessica. The whole world will be able to see just how stunning you are." The head maid of the group, who was a little older than the rest, stated.

"I know this might not have been exactly what you were hoping for, but you should try to think of the positives."

It was then that the two maids who were doing Jessica's eye makeup moved out of the way. When looking at herself in the mirror again, she couldn't believe who she was seeing. It was as if she was a different person. The colours that had been chosen had brought out her two different coloured eyes.

A feature that she usually shied away from was now being accepted. For the first time, she kind of liked being different compared to everyone else.

At that moment, the doors swung in again and five heavily suited people in beast armour and wearing beast weapons came from the door. There were two females and three males. They were core members of the Chained, judging by how confident they walked in and how the maids reacted as they nervously bowed their heads.

The one standing at the front, a shorter female with red hair, stated why they were there.

"We will be your escorts to the wedding. Not that we are expecting anything to happen to you, but just in case you get cold feet or are thinking of escaping, we will be by your side at all times instead of those maids."

Jessica knew that she had somewhat been given the Chained B team to look after her. These guys were all strong, but they weren't part of the main force that would be with Russ nearly at all times. It meant they were treating her quite seriously and of course, she would have no chance of running away at all. Even if she did, perhaps she wouldn't last a second against these lot.

"When the vampire corps general arrived here... I knew that my fate was sealed. You don't have to worry about anything." Jessica replied.

Her only hope was that maybe, the general that the Vampire Corps that had been sent would be able to talk and maybe negotiate a new deal.

When that didn't happen, she had lost all hope of ever being saved from something like this. There was no longer someone with enough influence to get her out of this that would care for her.

"Honestly, the Vampire Corps unit has already tried and has done enough. I understand them." Jessica thought. All she could do now was wait.

*** *** ***

In the middle of the night, the hounserd guests had heard a lot of noise and now that they were heading to the location where the wedding would be taking place, they could understand why. For just outside the establishment, where the Chained had a small battle, it was transformed.

There was beautifully laid out cut grass greenery that wasn't there before and they had even made a large river right behind a giant arch made of red roses. The river was so large it looked like a wedding was taking place by the sea.

At the same time, down the aisle it was also filled and scattered with red roses that seemed to be somewhat stuck down, as the wind wasn't even moving the petals. Then on either side, countless round tables for the guests to sit on.

The area was more than large enough to fill the 200 guests that would be attending the wedding. The Chained, reporters and honoured guests. Currently, the honoured guests were being escorted by the maids and butlers of the enormous establishment.

It seemed all the workers of the large shopping mall-like place were there to aid the wedding for the day. As for where the group was being led, it was a table right out at the front so they could see everything.

"They are a little brave, aren't they?" General Fizzwell of the Vampire Corps commented.

"I mean to put us all close together like this. Just the walk over here was intense enough as it was."

Agent 1, Chris couldn't help but laugh at this comment.

"It's a joyous wedding day that's being broadcasted to the whole world."

"If anyone was to cause a scene here, they would lose the public's favour and besides, it's not like any of us have strong disfavour to this wedding."

Chris looked at the blonde Dhampir by his side when saying these words. The two locked eyes for a second before she eventually folded her arms and turned away. This seemed to be a sign that she wouldn't act out.

"It looks like the young dhampir can control herself," Jake commented since she had lashed out at the last meeting.

"We have made a deal now. We had no deal before." When the dhampir said these words, she couldn't stare at Fizzwell, and even when taking their seats, she quickly changed her name tag, so she would be sitting next to Chris and not close to the vampire.

"Oh, you truly have hurt my feelings." Fizzwell smiled, noticing her little actions.

"Please remember that the bride is a vampire as well. So control yourself when you see her."

It looked like the dhampir wanted to say something, but she said nothing as she continued to look away and looked straight at the rose arch.

While looking around at the table, Jake noticed two things. One was the name of the dhampir, which was Flora. Then he also noticed that there was an empty seat; it had no name, but just the world Blade on it.

"We sent them the message, and they still haven't arrived. They said they would send someone, but I don't know who will come."

Soon, more of the Chained started to come out as they went to their assigned tables, and unlike before, when the others were walking around the establishment, all of them had beast gear on. As if they were ready for battle any second now.

"Wow, it looks like I was the only one that dressed up thinking we were going to a wedding," Fizzwell commented.

"I made an effort as well," Chris said. "I wore a shirt today. Usually, I just come to these things shirtless. It's freer."

With how many enemies the Chained hand and with what happened yesterday, the reporters thought they had good reason to come out in beast gear. Most of the reporters were standing off to the side filming everything while hosts and co-host sat down in their seats.

Still, the main group and couple had yet to come out, but everything else was ready. Food and drinks were set on the table, and guests were told they were allowed to eat for now. Jake and Aj watched everyone and everything closely when they both noticed a bit of a commotion going on at a table not too far away from where they were.

"I can tell you what they're saying if you want." Fizzwell smiled. "Rember, I can hear them even if they are whispering. They said a ship has arrived and they're claiming to be from the Blade family."