Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1669: The Big Day. (part 2)

The spaceship was soon permitted to land and it landed on the same spot where all the guests had arrived the other day, which was quite a distance from the wedding venue. Most of the reporters guessed who could have arrived, and after hearing the conversation, they felt like it could only be one.

Some even got up, and the others also wanted to follow them.

"STOP!" A loud and forceful yell from a large man boomed across the scene, leaving the sheets covering blown away in the aftermath.

"Everyone, including all the reporters, are advised to stay here and not wander off. The guests will soon be directed to their seats and the ceremony will commence soon."

A reporter ignored the warning and attempted to move, and as he did, the large man turned his head, opening his mouth, letting out some sort of sonic blast. The people standing close to the man, including the ones from the Chained, covered their ears.

Still, it didn't help much as many of them were bleeding, and only a few who were better at Qi could shield themselves from any injury.

Unfortunately for the reporter that moved, he was knocked off his feet, and his whole body skidded across the floor.

The reporter quickly got up from the ground and didn't look like he was majorly hurt. Even he was surprised as he turned to the others, but he soon nearly burst into tears as he realised what had procured.

"My equipment, my watch, and the drones... they are all destroyed. How will I record now?!" The reporter despaired.

The large man went for the cameras and other pieces of equipment. Somehow this member of the Chained was skillfully able to use his powers to target just the equipment. Seeing this, the reporters decided to do as they were asked and returned to their positions.

In some ways, now that they were unable to film the event, the reporter's career would now end. One of the biggest events in history, and because of a mess up, their news channel wouldn't be able to report it. He would no longer be a reporter after today and the reporter himself also seemed to know it.

"Damn it... that other one was too fast." The large man grunted as he slightly stretched his jaw, opening and closing it for a bit.

The others heard what he said and wondered what had happened. However, a few of the reporters had already seen it. It was Aj. While the commotion was going on, when man had let out his deadly scream, he had used that opportunity to run past and get to the other areas.

*** *** ***

Seeing how they knew someone was coming, a different group of the Chained was there to greet the Blade. And amongst them was one of the central figures: Clicker.

Clicking his fingers, he and five others were at the ship's docking area, ready to greet the person who was about to arrive.

"It was a good thing I got here before Clicker teleported here; otherwise, they might have noticed me." Aj sighed in relief as he continued to use his micro camera placed around his head like a bandana and was always with him to record everything.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

At the moment, he was sneaking behind the other ships as he recorded what was going on. The spaceship had finally descended and, stepping out, was not one, but surprisingly three figures of the Blade family.

"The Blade family have been going toe to toe with the Chained. Both of these supposedly have a bad history with each other which none of them wishes to forget," Aj reported.

"But considering this, it isn't weird for them to send three people if they were worried."

When zooming in on the three faces, there was something that was a little strange. The Blades that had arrived looked like adult men. Having scruffy beards on their faces, wrinkles on their foreheads and more. All three looked around their fifties, which showed that they had sent quite some senior members.

However, many in the Balde family had blonde hair; it was somewhat their trait. Yet here, the one that stood in the centre of the two and doing most of the talking was a dark-haired man.

This person hadn't been seen on camera or in public many times. Aj even recognised the other two Blades behind him, but not the man leading the entourage.

"Who is he?" Aj thought.

"It's quite unfortunate that Russ hasn't come to see us himself." The dark-haired man commented.

"Well, he greeted almost everyone yesterday. Since you arrived late, he wasn't able to today. He is busy preparing for his big day." Clicker informed the other.

"Late?" The man in the middle raised his eyebrow.

"The wedding hasn't ended, has it? I just didn't want to stay in this place for more than I had to, just in case there were any surprises you had for us."

There was silence between the two groups for a while until Clicker eventually stepped forward and asked the others to follow. Seeing this, Aj moved between the ships and waited for them to get quite the distance ahead before he moved.

"This is a little strange." Aj thought.

"Why won't Clicker just teleport them to the venue?"

Either way, sensing that something might happen soon, Aj decided to do his best to follow them without getting caught.

Eventually, they entered the large establishment and walked through the entertainment section. It had a giant skate park, arcade games and many recreational spots. Aj again felt this was strange, but he was too busy trying to pinpoint who the mysterious Blade stranger was at the front.

"Wait... maybe he's not actually a Blade? He might not even have the same powers as them." Aj guessed.

At that moment, out from one of the shops, a large red beam of energy came out right towards the three Blades. Immediately, the one in the centre acted first as he raised his hand, which began to incase in a type of metal. It was a hardening ability and quite the strong one at that.

As the laser continued its attack, the middle-aged man decided to run forward to find its source. The speed at which he ran wouldn't, in no way, be considered normal. And in the next instant, the Chained member who had sneak attacked was caught and held right by his neck.

"You think you can kill us? What does that mean, Clicker?" The Blade asked and proceeded to slam the man on the floor and placed his foot right on his neck, ready to crush it at any second.

"I don't know what this is." Clicker responded, unbothered with the incident, "But you should know that many of the Chained bear a grudge against you for killing their family members and friends. Possibly he acted on his own."

"I guess I should take you straight to the venue. I wanted to give you a slow entrance into the place, but teleporting directly would be much safer."

"And please, if you could remove your foot. I promise I will inform Russ of this incident."

It looked like the middle-aged man was in the middle of deciding what to do, but there was one thing that Aj was sure of now, and that was the fact that this person was definitely a Blade.

They had used two abilities at once and judging by their strength, they had to be high-level ones, meaning that perhaps this person could hold more than two abilities.

"Fine, just take us to the venue." The dark haired Blade relented.

As soon as the middle-aged Blade stepped back, Clicker clicked his fingers and teleported everyone, including Aj, who found himself outside back with the other reporters.

"They knew I was there the whole time." Aj gulped, but he continued to film the main table to which everyone was paying attention.

The two other Blades with blonde hair were escorted to another table while the one leading them earlier headed to the main table and that's when Jake and Vicky stood up.

"It's nice seeing you, Uncle Shiro," Jake smiled.