Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

?Chapter 1697: Crazy Blood-Lord!

Although the world wasn't under a significant threat like it was before, the current options of the public were split in two, and they were almost fifty-fifty in terms of popularity among the people's views.

Politics was something the people could no longer ignore. It was one of the many reasons everyone's eyes were on the Chained's event that was being broadcasted over all forms of media, and the whole world had turned up to see the grand wedding.

Even though the live broadcast had ended, the occasion was still a hot topic throughout the world, and people were discussing the shocking turn of events they had witnessed today.

Many questions, speculations, rumours, and conspiracy theories were spreading across the internet.

The most common were regarding questions such as:

"Have the Dalki returned? What was the identity of the person who had crashed into the wedding?"

"Were the Chained no longer a faction if they were, which side had they chosen to align with?" Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"What will be the reaction of the other factions? How will world politics change now in the upcoming days?"

The people's primary focus was on the Dragon, who had turned into a humanoid. There was a lot of conversation and segments between hosts talking about this.

"Hey, do you think that was the original Dalki or something, like the person who created them all?"

"It's him. He and his group took everything away from me. No matter what appearance he has, I can tell by his actions that it's him, Quinn Talen."

"It looks like me, and you have the same thought. I never thought out of all the people in the world that the two of us would be standing next to each other after what happened." The man replied.

"Yet here we are. Still, we have to be patient, very patient. I have spent all this time making sure things won't go wrong, and that brat took all the pleasures from me."

"But worry not, we will take the stage by storm when the time is right."

The man said, walking away into the darkness once again.