Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1074: Millennial history. (Part 2)

For the first time during Quinn's search for what had happened, he had heard the name Laxmus. There were many regrets in Quinn's life, the choices he made, and not killing Laxmus was one of them.

Laxmus was the cause of chaos for the vampire settlement, and after taking the strange shadow powers that Bryce had, Quinn always feared that when he did return, he would be stronger than before.

"There also was the strange marking that was on top of his back before he transformed." Quinn thought.

"Without a doubt, he is linked to one of the celestials. The question is which one and what is their condition."

"If I remember correctly, Laxmus said something about sending as many lives as possible to their death."

"If that is the case, then Laxmus could be one of the most dangerous people to look out for."

The scenery had changed, showing battles going on Earth. It reminded Quinn of the many fights that he had been in. This wasn't some small scale battle, it was full-on war.

The only difference was that humans and vampires were fighting against the enemy from the beginning.

"Laxmus didn't attack on his own. He had an army of vampires with him, and they were incredibly strong." Logan continued to explain.

"They were quite large in number while also being able to transform, just like Laxmus himself could back then."ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"It was safe to say they had more power than that of the vampire leaders, and with the vampire leaders mostly being asleep, it was left to the vampire corps and the rest of earth to deal with them."

"During the battle against Laxmus and his vampires, the trust in vampires and humans were growing further and further apart, and that's when we learnt of two more great losses."

"One of them being Leo, and the other Samantha." Hearing this, something sounded strange to Quinn.

"Wait, didn't Chris say that he had seen Leo die? Then why would he die in the attack against Laxmus and not one against Pure?"

"And Fex stated that Erin was the one that killed Samantha. Was she working with Laxmus? Is she a part of the red vampires?"

There were a lot of confusing things for Quinn. He wanted to ask questions now but thought it was best till he got the entire picture to ask the rest. So, for now, he would just listen.

"If it was just a fight against the enemy, perhaps we would have been able to do something, but because of the infighting between the human groups."

"Things got out of hand. This wasn't just a simple war. This fight with Laxmus and his vampires went on for a very long time."

"It appeared that the Graylash group were also experiencing troubles themselves and were hardly able to help. As the human forces, the Green family, and the Cursed faction weekend, It looked like the fighting would never end."

"Until another group that had also been building up power for a return had arrived."

"Pure..." Quinn guessed and mumbled.

"Correct."

It was the only guess that seemed probable. It would explain how Pure had managed to gain so much favour with the people of today and how they became such a big force.

"Pure, said they were there to fight for the people."

"They had been gathering up their power similar to Laxmus in a way, staying quiet as if they had been wiped out."

"Many had forgotten about them, who they were, and their bad deeds. It was the perfect time for them to act."

"With them, Pure had brought a new class of Hybrid beasts. Similar to those that you had faced before."

"Using these, they were able to fend off the attack from Laxmus and pushed them back."

" We don't quite know what happened to Laxmus himself, but it is theorised that he is the leader of the Red vampires of today."

"After the attack, Pure were making strides with the people. They had lost a lot, and they had also lost the bridge with Samantha that connected them with us."

"I and Fex did what we could to try and help and convince the people to our side, but Fex had chosen to go into a deep sleep."

"Meanwhile, the Cursed faction were being hunted. It was then that the Dhampirs started to appear, and they had targeted the Cursed faction members as their number one target."

"The people needed someone to blame of this mess, and they had chosen those from the Cursed faction."

"I had distanced myself away from them, but the other members weren't so lucky, and the Cursed faction was no longer, being forced to split. Everyone was hunting the saviours of the world."

It was a sad tale, and even now, Quinn was clenching his fist in anger. The others had opened their mouths as they couldn't believe it. History that they weren't quite sure of, the history that had been somewhat lost.

"Although Split, everyone had their own goals of what they wished to achieve. Vorden and both Raten were being hunted due to being Demon tier beasts."

"The great powers wanted to use their bodies as weapons. So, they both decided to give up their bodies and help the Graylash family that were in trouble and their own Blade family that was growing."

"It was decided that the best thing to do was to allow the Cursed name to be forgotten. So everyone could continue to work in the shadows, all for you, Quinn."

"There was one thing that we all believed. that one day you would come back."

The little video had ended there, but they're still were a lot of things that Quinn didn't understand, but he was taking in what he had heard and was trying to fit things in place in his head.

"Honestly, if we knew when your return would be, perhaps things could have been set up differently."

"At the moment, the Green family is working with Pure, in the hopes of getting rid of the red vampires."

"I don't know how much you know, but they seem to be after the red heart."

"An item that you had created during your fight with Graham. It is believed to have an unlimited amount of blood energy. One beyond any blood crystal ever seen."

"The Red vampires want to turn everyone into vampires. So I thought it was in our best interest, for now, to work together to get rid of them."

"In the meantime, I have been trying to learn as much information as possible from them."

"At the moment, the only thing I have somewhat been able to gather is they had, at some point, raided the vampire settlement."

"This isn't public knowledge, but it seems to be the case."

"However, as for the tombs of the originals, or the giant stone tablet, those things are not in their possession, so it's hard to pinpoint what exactly happened."

That had lined up with what Muka said, but it looked like no one had any clue what had happened to him, the vampires, the tablet, or Owen.

"I have some questions, Logan if you don't mind, I would like you to answer now and honestly. I'm hoping that you will know."

"Recently I met up with Chris, and he stated that he saw Leo die? Who killed Leo."

"On top of that, before meeting the rest of you, I also met up with Fex."

"He told me that the one that had killed his wife, Samantha was Erin, so that means she is with Laxmus, with the red vampires. It would make no sense."

"The Dhampirs stated that Erin was the Queen and the dhampirs have an urge to kill vampires, so why would they be working together?"

"Finally, I want to ask, what about the rest of the Cursed faction members. Did they live peacefully, are they still out there somewhere."

"What about Sil, where was he during the fighting, and Vincent, what happened to him?"

"None of these are mentioned in your story, and lastly... Layla, what about her? Is she with the red vampires as well?" Quinn asked.