Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1709: Level 2.

[Celestial Level 2]

[5225/5234 Celestial energy]

After seeing the notifications pop up, Quinn checked his celestial points, and he was in for a surprise. However, this time it looked to be quite the nice one.

"These celestial points... was it Andy? Did he fulfil my request? It has to be him, I can't think of anything else, and it looks like I must have hit some cap that allowed me to level up."

Currently, Quinn didn't feel any different levelling up as he did with the system in the past.

Instead, his body felt the same, but that was because he only received a strange feeling in his body when actually using the Celestial Energy, and with this many points, he wondered what he could now do with them.

"It seems like something has caught your attention," Logan commented, as Quinn's face wasn't hiding the obvious.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Thinking about it for a little bit, Quinn wondered if he should inform Logan. The latter already knew about the system, and on top of that, he had all of Richard Eno's knowledge, maybe working together, they could figure out a few things.

In the end, Quinn revealed everything to Logon about the changes that had occurred after absorbing the Nest crystal, his current quests and all that he knew about Celestial.

"A celestial," Logan repeated as he looked off into the distance as if trying to bring up certain things.

"1 thought that your body had gone through a significant change. It was quite apparent after you had defeated Graham.

"There was quite a lot of information about Celestials in Richard's files. He had worked quite close with one of them, the one named Bliss who we had seen before. She, too, is a celestial level being. From what I know, the condition to level up is quite different for everyone."

"For example, your condition resets every month. If some don't fulfil your condition, then you weaken as a god."

"As for others, I believe their condition lasts longer or might be more permanent but, at the same time, is more challenging for their followers to same time, is more challenging for their followers to fulfil."

"At the same time, yours truly focuses on as many people being alive on the planet as possible."

Logan was rambling, but one could tell he was thinking deeply about this, so Quinn didn't want to interrupt him with his thoughts but eventually did speak.

"I was wondering about something," Quinn said.

"If Sil has become a God slayer after getting so strong, why have I become a celestial, but not a god Slayer?"

"Ray told me that my shadow power originally came from a God slayer, so I thought I would also become one in the future!"

Raising his eyebrows, it looked like Quinn's question was the light bulb moment that Logan needed to piece together.

"What you said is certainly strange, but I have a few opinions based on what I have learned."

"First, due to their conditions, the Celestials essentially need many people to believe in them or follow them. That's why you have a specific set amount of abilities as well."

"Quinn, you became a ruling figure many people looked up to, especially after Graham. While in Sil l s case, there aren't many that have him constantly in their thoughts or minds."

"Perhaps, there may be a set of certain conditions that need to be met before one can become a celestial. But, honestly, we don't have an answer."

"I believe it's the universe's energy that decides everything related to this, and this is more believable compared to other guesses."

"Which is why I also believe there could be another reason from what I stated before."

"Your condition focuses on keeping you alive in people's memory, and if more and more people die, in other words, if the people who remember you die, you would be unable to fulfil your condition."

"So perhaps the universe felt like too many people were going a certain way."

It was a lot to think about, but in the end, it seemed like there just wasn't a definitive answer, and if that was the case, there was no point thinking about it too hard.

The best thing to do was live the life that he wanted to live while focusing on protecting his people. If he started thinking about this too much, it was almost as if there was no meaning to what they were trying to do.

"What I am more interested in are the nine levels of the Celestials and the abilities that come with each level." Thinking about this, Quinn brought up the system's new skill he had learned.

[New skill gained]

[Celestial Weapon Marking]

[The marking of a celestial may be placed on any weapon, armour or shield. When placing a marking, a certain amount of celestial energy is used. This is dependent on the strength of the weapon/object the celestial marking is used on. Celestial points used to mark objects are permanently fused with the object]

[The effects the making will have on the weapon are dependent on the celestial and on the weapon's stats.]

The information on the skills wasn't as direct as Quinn would have liked it to be, but after reading, it seemed the skill would be on a case by case basis, making it hard to do so.

"That means that the Sword which Layla had, had a celestial Weapon marking, and if I remember correctly, it was the same marking that showed up on Laxmus?"

"I let her keep that weapon because I couldn't find anything wrong with it... but maybe that was the wrong choice. It could also be why she is with the Red Vampires."

Thinking about the weapon and its abilities with how helpful it was, Quinn couldn't deny the strength of a celestial weapon. Which meant it could turn out to be a great skill after all.

"Though, what should I test it on? I could use it on basic weapons, but it would be a waste of celestial points."

"It would be best to use a Demon tier item to put the marking on. Although it will take up a lot of celestial points, it will be worth it."

"Besides that, I don't know if it will affect the current capabilities of the weapons I have on me."

"The gauntlet, Blue fang set, and chest piece are quite unique pieces. I also wanted to give more celestial points to the others."

"I know there is a limit to their bodies with how much they could hold, but perhaps I should try and maximise their strength before doing any of this weapon marking business."

"What's the problem? Maybe I can help?" Logan asked.

Hearing this, Quinn explained the skill to the latter because Logan sometimes could think more directly than Quinn and truly pick what he thought was the best option.

"Well, I was going to tell you this anyway, but feel free to keep the Demon tier amulet. It was yours in the first place. I kept it here because it's quite a dangerous item to have."

"And at the same time, it isn't something that others could quickly figure out what to do with it if they just held it in their hands."

"I don't know if the item's size has any relevance, but it might do, so why not try it on the amulet, see what it can do," Logan suggested.

Thinking about it, even if he lost the abilities of the Amulet, Quinn knew he wouldn't be so crushed, so it wasn't a bad choice, and he was planning to give it to Lucia anyway.

If it did grant great power, it would be a good boost to her strength if she continued to travel with them.

"Thank you, Logan. You continue to help me out as always. It wasn't just me that took down Graham and the rest of the Dalki, it was all of us. At some point, I hope everyone can get credit."

Quinn said, as he went to find the others and see what being a celestial meant.