Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1717: Fight the god. (Part 1)

None of the others had the chance to use their newly-acquired energy yet. After all, Quinn had moved fast, doing one thing after the other, and it didn't seem like Quinn wanted them to use their energy in the city in the first place.Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Despite what he had ended up doing in the end. This was why, even for Peter, when summoning the energy, the result of what had occurred was a surprise to even him.

However, consumed with the rage and the will to help Minny, Peter hadn't even noticed the new changes that had occurred to his body.

Everyone had taken a step back. They knew the barrier was strong: a former vampire leader couldn't even beat it with her strength, Lucia's lightning powers also seemed to have next to no effect, but the one who had succeeded, not holding back, was Peter.

The shards from the barrier were seen for a few seconds before they disappeared into nothing but energy, and standing there was Peter.

"Give Minny back!" Peter shouted, charging forward.

"He smashed through the Barrier... that damned Quinn, he gave this person Celestial energy, and he gave them a lot by the looks of it. How can someone so normal hold so much!" Bliss thought.

Still holding onto Minny with one hand, the shadow continued to pour out of her, and with the other, Bliss waved her staff.

Out came five other energy blasts. They were yellow in colour, and as they moved in the air, they started to spiral straight towards Peter.

Immediately, he threw out both of his fists, hitting them dead on, and a large explosion occurred, blowing a large gust of wind behind Peter that the others could feel.

Peter's tail head had also dealt with a third blast, but there were two more that he couldn't deal with.

The two directly hit him in the stomach, spiralling as they hit his body, causing him to be pushed back.

Standing behind Peter. Muka was there, and she had her hand held out. At the right time, she readied herself.

Peter was just about to hit her, and at that moment, she stepped on the ground using all her force. In a flowing motion like water, she opened her palm and pressed it right against Peter's back.

"Don't worry, luck is on our side, and I'm sure you can take this!" Muka said.

The colliding force was hitting Peter in the stomach and in the back, but he was no longer being pushed back until he fell off the large tower they were on.

Eventually, the energy dissipated, and Peter's armour on his chest and the clothes underneath had disintegrated. The skin on his abs had burned off, but it was healing at an incredible speed.

Seeing that he was okay, Peter rushed forward again towards Bliss.

"You, you troublesome Wight, I should have known that all of those next to that damned Talen would be just as annoying as him!"

Looking at her right hand, it looked like the shadow from Minny had disappeared entirely, and she had somewhat fainted or had fallen asleep.

At the same time, the crystal hidden within her robe was now filled with a dark substance as well.

Letting go, Minny's body hit the ground hard because she knew that she would need hands for what was about to occur next.

Holding the staff nearer to the top and bottom. Bliss started to spin it, and with each spin, two balls of energy were coming out from both ends.

At the speed she was spinning her staff, it looked like soon, there would be hundreds of attacks of the same type.

Still, Peter was prepared; he continued to run forward and punched the energy blasts while hitting the others with his head.

With his strength and celestial energy, it looked like as long as he didn't hold back in his attacks, he could equal out to its power.

The problem was, there were far more attacks than last time, and now five energy blasts were coming right at him.

Before they could reach him, a strong blast of lighting came out, infused with Qi, followed by a red aura. Hannah and Luci had both used all their power to try and block at least one of the attacks.

Still, the energy blasts only decreased in size rather than completely disappearing, which showed how strong the attacks were.

Before it could reach though, the floor started to shift, and immediately it lifted up, creating a shield.

The energy blasts had hit, and the explosions went off again, but the building was still intact.

"This building is made of the strongest materials we have discovered in the last 1000 years. It won't fall just from some damned energy blasts!" Logan said, his hand on the ground, his eyes glowing green.

At the same time, Peter now wasn't the only one that had transformed. Mitchel had his eye turning dark red and his arm growing nearly twice the size, eventually thinning out, looking like a rifle.

He readied up and fired out blast after blast, which was more than he could do before. As it hit the energy bolts, it would pierce through them and disperse them.

"You really want to fight with us!? Even if you are some god that can see the future, it doesn't mean you will always win!" Logan shouted.

Surprisingly, out of all the chaos, one more had managed to get through.

And that was Jessica, as she had leapt right in front of Bliss and had grabbed both ends of the spear, using all her strength to stop her from spinning the staff anymore.

"I guess there is a use to being the weak one after all." Jessica said, with her eyes glowing.

"You ended up ignoring me... I can see now that you never cared about me!" Jessica shouted.

Pushing Bliss forward, it looked like there soon would be a breakthrough, as the attacks were stopping, and the group were dealing with the rest of the energy blasts. Until, the ground lit up, once again.

"This is getting a little too dangerous for my liking," Bliss said.