Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 173 My Puppe

On top of the first year building outside the roof, it was a calm day. It wasn’t too hot and it hadn’t rained in a few days so the ground was dry. Quinn stood there opposite Fex while the others stood just behind the roof door. The door was slightly open as the four of them peeked to have a look at what was going on.

Erin’s hand was twitching as she had it hovered over her sword’s hilt. The others had to do everything in their power to convince her to not go out there and start a fight straight away. They were interested in what Fex had to say and if she was to go out with her head full of steam right now, it would ruin everything. The best option for them was to come out of this with no fighting.

If that did happen, Vorden was prepared, he currently had an ice ability, a fire ability and also a slow regenerative ability. While trying to get the ability it took him longer then he thought, the original person he got it from last time he couldn’t;t find. luckily at the last moment, he was able to find another student with a similar but weaker version of the ability.

He needed to make sure to keep the regenerative ability just in case things didn’t go to plan. If Fex really didn’t have a solution then once again he would have to prepare himself to remove another body part. It was also unlikely that he would be able to get Sil to fight for them anyway, at most Vorden could convince Raten.

Sil was unreliable, so Vorden never went into a fight relying on him.

"So you understand the terms then," Quinn said. "We will be waiting just on the other side of that door and if anything happens to her we will..."

"I know," Fex said with a yawn. "I already gave you my word, didn’t I? You should already know a Vampire’s word is sacred; it’s not something that can easily be broken."

"And about the ghoul problem, you promise you’ll help us straight after right?" Quinn asked.

"I already have it sorted," Fex said confidently.

"Just a fair warning, she knows what you are, so she will be cautious," Quinn replied.

"Looks like your breaking rules all over the place," Fex said. "I guess it isn’t a problem if you plan to turn her eventually."

Fex had never seen a vampire break all the rules so casually, there was only one person who was as daring as him and that was Fex himself. Most vampires were boring and strict, very traditional in the sense and had been for so many years, it was why Fex yearned to go to the human world. The more he was finding out about Quinn the more his interest grew. But with his position, he could get away with a few things here or there, while Quinn he had never seen him before, he felt like the more he stayed around this guy perhaps interesting events would start to unfold.

Quinn had done everything he could, but it was still hard for him to trust Fex. Even the system didn’t seem to have a solution to the current problem, so he just wondered what Fex had that they didn’t.

As soon as she opened the door, Erin was ready to head out in his place.

"Erin, please remember the plan?" Layla said.

Erin nodded and then headed straight out as the other three watched from behind the door. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

At first, Erin walked slowly, but as she got closer and closer towards Fex, she started to walk faster. The closer she got to him the more annoyed she was at seeing his face.

"Oh the beautiful Goldilocks has finally come out, I have a proposal for you," Fex said.

But suddenly the walking turned into a jog, after hearing Fex’s voice the anger inside her only got worse and then finally, she had enough and pulled out her sword. "I thought I had already warned you, if you were to mention what you saw in the library I would teach you a lesson!" She shouted.

"Looks like she isn’t sticking to the plan!" Layla said.

"The library, have these two met before?" Peter asked.

"It seems like there might be a bit of tension between the two that we didn’t know about before," Quinn added.

"Damn it!" Vorden shouted. "She’s going to get herself killed."

As Vorden went to open the door, Quinn pulled him back. "Just wait Vorden. If he really wanted to do her any harm why would he do it in front of all of us? And if he did kill all of us here, then he would only be hunted down by the school."

What Quinn had said made a lot of sense to Vorden, still, he couldn’t help but worry.

Hearing Erin’s words... Fex was a bit confused, he could tell she was angry but apparently it had something to do with their last meeting. "Wait, it couldn’t have something to do with that book could it?"

As she charged forward her face had now gone bright red once again and she pulled redied her sword but suddenly, her movements started to slow as she felt something wrapping around her legs and arms. When she looked at Fex she could see him doing something with his hands.

"That’s it I’m going to save her!" Vorden said.

"Wait!" Peter shouted. "That’s the same thing he did to me, I don’t think he’s trying to hurt her."

The string like substance continued to tangle all over her body. When Erin looked around she noticed that there were small little daggers placed around the roof with a little ring on top. Finally, though she was completely restricted and could no longer move.

Erin was not at the level where she could use the ice abilities with just her mind, she still required small movement with her hands to activate her ability. She would need to be at least a level 7 ice ability user for that. So right now she was completely defenceless. Other than her weapon she had no other piece of beast gear on her, so her strength was that of a regular person so there was no way for her to break the strings around her.

"You know, after you left I read that book myself, no wonder you got so heated up," Fex remarked. "If you would like to do the things mentioned in that book I would be happy to help you."

"Go screw yourself, you sicko!" Erin shouted.

"This is what I get for being nice." Fex said. "Anyway hear me out, during my time here I need a puppet as well as a food source. Now since you decided to punish me in the library, you have the congratulations of becoming both of those things."

"Quinn, do you understand what he’s saying?" Layla asked.

"I have no clue, I mean I understand the food part, but the puppet thing I have no idea," Quinn replied.

"System, is he talking about making her a blooded one?" Quinn asked.

"No, the Sanguinis family have the ability of string. However, their combat style is unique. They are extremely nimble and skilled with their fingers, but their actual combat powers themselves are lacking."

Hearing this didn’t make Quinn feel any better. If Fex was a vampire with lacking combat skills then what did one with good combat skills fight like?

"To perform at the best of their ability they need something called a puppet, to do combat for them, while they control them behind the scenes."

Fex then walked up behind Erin, while walking a selective path towards her avoiding all the strings attached to the small blades he had thrown.

"I’m not becoming your puppet!" Erin shouted.

"I’m afraid you don’t have much of a choice," Fex replied as he stabbed 12 needles into the back of her body.

*****

Another 5 chapters will be released between 8:00 Am and 10:00 PM (GMT + 8) to finish off the mass release.

Remember to Vote for another mass release next week!