Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1723: 10 percent.

The event was planned to last two days at most, but with how many people signed up and over a 1000 contestants, it became clear that something needed to be done. At first, the contestants thought that they would be pre-requirement.

This way, not anyone off the street could join, and in truth, Logan did think of that, but due to what the event had become, a way to search for the Red Vampires, Logan believed that he needed to allow anyone to join, and decided to change up things.

With Jake Green's arrival and announcement, the groups were huddled up even more than before and distanced themselves away from others.

At the same time, it now became clear who had been unable to find a group as well.

Even those that greatly disliked those like Greg had people surrounding him, all perhaps trying to use him for his known strength.

Looking around the room, Jake just smiled.

"How are you always right about these things, father? You predicted everything that they would do. Oh well, let's just see how they will get on with this."

"The rules are as follows!" Jake announced, and behind him, a large screen displayed the familiar Black Al robots they had seen before.

"Take one of these out, and that is your ticket to today's event."

Out from the ground, in random locations spread out, the Black robots started to rise, and immediately, they started to be on the move, flying and running all over the place.

"There are only around 100 robots in this room. Does that mean that they're only going to pass around 10 percent of the people here?" Jessica asked.

"I assume that's the goal" Muka replied as she walked forward to a certain position in the room.

It was almost as if she was searching for something, and eventually threw her trusty coin in the air. It landed on the floor and rolled to a particular location.

Raising her hand, she moved her fingers, gesturing to the others to come towards her, which they did.

"This is a safe spot; as long as we stay here, all the lasers, abilities, and everything will go right over our heads and miss us; we won't have to do anything." Muka explained.

The group stood there for a while, and it seemed what she was saying was true, how that was possible; they didn't really try to ask questions or the logic behind Muka's strange powers.

"But this really is clever. If they knew that the others were going to team up, now it's pretty pointless."

"Although they could get a robot quicker, how do you split one robot between the ten of you? This has just made the whole event another free for all," Muka explained.

Continuing to stay in Muka's spot, they had a good view of everyone participating and fighting.

They could see that the two triple AAA rank travellers had already destroyed two of the robots. The robots were clearly the same ones Peter had fought, meaning they were resilient.

Even if others had hit them with their abilities and weapons, they wouldn't break on the spot. Still, Greg had managed to smash one to pieces with his fists.

Seeing this, Mitchell and Minny looked toward Peter, wondering if he would be a little jealous.

"I hit harder than him. I promise you that. It must be his gloves, or he uses Qi in a special way." Peter commented.

They noticed that even though Icas and Greg had already destroyed a robot, Icas had decided to stop fighting but not Greg.

He continued going for other robots, still attempting to destroy more of them, and in fact, he also would hit a few of the other contestants if they got in his way.

"Wow, that guy really is an arse. No wonder no one likes him that much," Jessica said, somewhat glad they weren't taking part in the event.

Just then, a certain individual came landing right in front of them, with a destroyed robot in their hands.

"That's ticket," Jake said.

"Hey, I know I was my meant to be looking after you guys, and my dad said you didn't have to enter, but I thought at least one of you would have wanted to take part."

"I was interested in seeing what you got. I mean, doesn't going up against any of these guys or proving you're better than them excite you?"

"What does it matter? We need to keep our identity hidden in the first place, and we have nothing to gain from the prize anyway." Mitchell replied.

"Fair enough," Jake replied, shrugging his shoulders a little disappointed, but he did understand where they were coming from, so they continued to watch the others taking part, and kept a very close eye on the two vampires from before.

They both hadn't acted so but were finally making a move. They got off from the back wall and started to walk peacefully, moving slightly to avoid stray attacks and more.

A group of people were chasing one of the robots, and it looked to be heading straight towards one of the robe figures.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

Flapping his robe, so it wouldn't get in his way, the vampire looked to ready himself, getting in position as he pulled his hand back, then red aura gathered around his fist.

The aura started to take shape as it was beginning to look somewhat like a drill.

The blood aura was spinning and spinning with power, and at the right time, he threw the blood drill forward, smashing it right on top of the robot's head.

The drill penetrated the top, and parts flew everywhere until the vampire's arm was halfway up the robot's body. It had been completely destroyed.

"It looks like he has quite the strong blood aura," Hannah commented. "There is a good chance he could be with the Red Vampires."

Looking at the other vampire though, they saw something that surprised them even more because suddenly, a wall of shadow was used to block other participants from seeing what was happening.

It blocked the way between the robot and the vampire, and when the shadow went away, the robot was defeated.

No one had seen what the vampire had done, but the fact that there was someone who could use the shadow was ringing alarm bells from them all.

The other contestants that saw this backed away and weren't going to attempt to get close to perhaps what was a guardian.

"It's not, dad," Minny said, shaking slightly. "I can feel it's not dad... the shadow... it doesn't feel the same as dads."

Seeing this and seeing what had occurred. Muka decided to say something. She walked over and began whispering into Peter's ear.

"I think this will be the best course of action." Muka said, the last sentence out loud, nodding towards Peter.

The event looked like it was coming to an end, as there were only a few robots left. However, participants didn't feel safe, and that was mainly due to one person, Greg.

The triple AAA rank traveller, now no longer able to easily get hold of robots even though he had already taken out three, was now fighting against contestants.

"You guys shouldn't have wasted my time even joining in the first place!" Greg shouted as he threw his fist, hitting another traveller with a shield, smashing right through it and sending them skidding across the ground.

"Did you notice, although, with all that shouting and bravado he has behind him, he hasn't been going after anyone who seems to be half a decent fighter." Lucia stated.

Lucia gripped the amulet around her chest, there was quite a bit of blood that had split in the room, and it was providing her amulet with energy for the first time since she had obtained it.

"That man is such a bully!" Minny shouted.

It was loud enough for many in the room to hear, and it looked like it had caught the attention of the large Greg himself.

"Oh, I'm a bully, huh." Greg smiled, now walking towards their group, which had avoided everything so far.

"I guess I was a bit too nice leaving you guys in the middle who had yet to do anything."

Greg started to run over to their position. Jake looked like he was ready to move, but before he did, Muka stopped him.

"Don't worry," Muka said.

Currents were beginning to follow Greg's fist, as it looked like he was activating some type of ability.

"I'll wipe out your whole group in a single hit!"

The fist was thrown, and it was stopped, being held by a single person that was standing there.

"I can see you guys didn't believe me so much back then, but I don't lie..." The person who had grabbed the fist was none other than Peter. He readied his own hand, gathering his Qi around it.

There was no need for him to use Celestial Energy for this one. Letting go of Greg's fist with one hand, Peter stepped in towards his chest and threw out his Qi infused fist, landing right on the other's chest.

Greg was now nothing but a blur as he flew through the air and crashed into the wall, leaving an imprint of himself and blood dripping out from his mouth, while a large ident could also be seen in his chest.

"I told you, I was stronger than that guy." Peter proved.