Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1732: Saying Hello

Since Quinn had received a boost in his celestial points, he had only used his powers recently. When sending out a beacon of his energy, using the strange device on top of Green City. However, he had yet to see it in action, actually using it in an attack.

Before, Quinn could only use the Celestial energy as it powered the blood in his body. Allowing him to fight hand to hand with the celestial energy, but recently, when fighting against Russ, he had discovered a way to use it externally by powering himself, cutting his body, and using blood control to control his very own blood.

This was precisely what Quinn was doing now, controlling the blood. Using this tactic did drain Quinn of blood, which meant he was losing health, but after seeing how recklessly he was attacked just then, he was a little annoyed in a neighbourhood full of those who had done nothing wrong.

The blood was forming into a large spear floating just above Quinn. It was larger than a standard spear as the handle's thickness was as thick as a human. As for everyone watching what Quinn was doing, they could tell it was something unordinary.

It wasn't just blood, but with the celestial energy running through it, it glowed brightly, pulsing as if it was alive.

"Is it magic? Can he perform magic!" Solace thought.

The guards that had been hit moments ago were starting to recover. Seeing the strange man that had knocked them out in the first place doing something weird and scary, they had decided it was best if they left and began to run away, all apart from Nock, who was staring in amazement.

"This power, I haven't even seen it in the tower, at least on the floors that I have reached. What power are they even using, and if one thing is clear, it's that he's not even scared of the Tower." Nock thought.

"Quinn, what are you planning to do? Who are you!" Geo asked, worried for more reasons than one.

Quinn had claimed himself to be a god if he had heard correctly. Could it possibly be that Quinn had come here to challenge their god, the one known as Athos? If that was the case, then whose side would Geo even be taking, and what would happen to their city.

"Don't worry," Quinn Replied as he moved his hand back. He was ready and had put as much energy as he wished into the spear. "I'm just saying hello, just like they did to me."

Without saying anything else, Quinn started to run, and the spear followed him. Then, when reaching the end of the soccer field, he threw his hand forward, throwing with all his strength the large blood spear.

It ripped through the air, dragging it along and causing a distorted image in the sky. For a brief second, over the city, certain parts of the sky looked red. Even after the spear left that area, red particles of energy lit up the sky until they eventually disappeared.

Only a few could see the object in the sky due to how fast it was moving until eventually, it had reached the tower. Inching closer to the large width of the outside, the spear looked like a speck of dust in comparison to the giant thing

After all, the tower contained floors full of numerous things, each floor big enough to be a city itself, perhaps even a little larger. When the spear approached, it looked to have hit something, Around five metres from the outside of the Tower, the spear was being held in place as giant waves and ripples appeared throughout.

"Is that some type of force field? It looks to have a lot of energy, and it covers the entire thing." Quinn thought.

The city folk could see the tower lighting up as the shield was activating due to it reacting with the spear. They had never seen anything like it before. The Amra had never even received such an attack that the shield had activated.

"I just need to give it a bit of a push." Reaching out his hand, even with the great distance, Quinn could feel it. He was in tune with his own celestial energy more so than blood. This allowed him to control it just that bit more.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Quinn started to change the motion of his body. He got into a fighting stance, his fists out, always feeling the connection in front of him. Then when the moment was right, Quinn slammed his foot on the ground and threw out his fist forward.

The surge of energy left his body similar to that of the hammer strike, and at the same time, the spear was pushed with extra force in the distance. The forcefield around it shattered, and slowly particles around the crack started to fade around the whole tower.

A pulse of red energy followed, covering the entire tower with it. The citizens knew something was up; something was clearly wrong.

After the spear shattered through the forcefield, it continued going forward, and the Sedi ranked tower guard's eyes opened wide as he saw what was coming toward him. With all four of his arms, green rock started to grow.

It looked almost like an ability, as his hands now looked to be made of Green gems. The Sedi guard had timed it perfectly, hitting the spear with all four of his fists, but it was useless. The energy pushed him away.

It had lifted him off his feet and continued to push him in the air, past all the fields of the floor they were on, through mountains, strange coloured rocks and more, until eventually, he had reached the special building where the other side was located.

ɴᴇᴡ ɴᴏᴠᴇʟ ᴄʜᴀᴘᴛᴇʀs ᴀʀᴇ ᴘᴜʙʟɪsʜᴇᴅ ᴏɴ ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡᴇʙɴᴏᴠᴇʟ.ᴄᴏᴍ.

As his body broke through the walls, one of the larger Sedi ranks jumped out where the man was and used his strength to push him back, eventually stopping him in his tracks.

Holding onto his companion, he could see that the large spear had taken most of his upper body, creating a large hole that only left his arms and head intact. It was clear he was dead. Soon, the spear started to lose its form as it turned back into nothing but blood.

"He's dead...someone killed a Sedi, but who!" One of them shouted

"It has to be the one we were looking at before. Huhu had sent that attack out, and now he has ended up like this. It is clear that this person is beyond even our strength." The large one replied, but there was a smile on his face.

"It looks like we might have quite the interesting tower climber. Maybe he can even reach the top."

Although the others were initially shocked about one of their fellow members dying, based on the ridiculousness that they had just heard, they couldn't help but laugh.

"You know, there are several floors above us: maybe. since you haven't climbed in a long time, you have lost touch." Another replied. "Then there are those ahove them and Athos as well"

*** *** ***

In the tower itself, of course, the man in question, Athos was aware of what was happening at the very top floor. Everyone in the tower was because the outside shield had been destroyed, which was a first.

"This could be a good test for those in the tower," Athos said to himself.

"Maybe with this, it means that there will be those who wish to climb higher and have a goal to look forward to."

"If there is chaos outside, doubt in the people's minds, there might be more of those who wish to join the tower after these events."

"Whoever made this mysterious Celestial land on my planet, I thank you. At first, I thought that there might be something to worry about."

"I thought you were hiding your energy, but if that's your message back to me to show me who you are, then I'm afraid your Celestial Energy is weak. Too weak to do anything to me."

"I have more concerning matters, especially that godslayer that has already defeated a celestial and is getting closer."

When looking up ahead, through a strange portal like mirror, Athos was looking at a blonde-haired human.