Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1748: Less than 1 percent.

Logan continued to monitor everything from his main base, his research laboratory. But, honestly, even while watching the whole event take part, he was working on other things. Due to his ability, he was just able to split his attention and multitask.

So he could see the events taking place and give orders to the robots outside the event, all while coding and writing information for new inventions and projects, but for the first time in a while, he was no longer using his ability. Instead, his mind and body froze as his fingers hovered over the keyboard.

That was because he had just seen what had happened to Vincent. He was in disbelief but perhaps not for the reasons others thought. Although Logan did care for Vincent somewhat, the two of them were never close, and it was also because of what was in Laxmus's hand, which had gone through Vincent's body. It was the Red Heart they had been looking for.

"Vincent had it all along, as I thought. It was strange that he could use such strong blood powers, but I didn't think he was hiding it inside himself."

"What kind of experiments was he doing with the red heart?" Logan thought.

Quickly, he rewinded the whole video of the incident and played it in slow motion. He could see Laxmus with his hand pierce through Vincent's body with ease, but there was something unexpected. After hitting Vincent's chest, Laxmus's hand hit a Nest crystal.

It had an outer casing that looked like the universe and space itself. Then, before anyone else could see, Laxmus had closed his hands slightly. The crystal had smashed like glass, only to reveal the red crystal.

"How could he hide the red crystal in the Nest crystal... Vincent, how many experiments did you do during this time?"

"You were trying your best not to let them get the crystal. You were also always fighting in your way." Logan clenched his fists hard and lifted them in the air.

"Why! Has! This! Happened! In my own city! I can't even protect my own people!" Logan slammed his hands down on his desk, breaking his keyboard off the hinge and smashing it onto the floor.

"Everyone, do whatever you can to ensure Laxmus doesn't leave this place! Use everything we have!"

Immediately, he sent out the message to those in Green city, and all the factions had already decided to get to work. At the same time, the Travellers received news of a bounty, an enormous bounty, on the person who was the Leader of the Red Vampires, Laxmus.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Now confirmed, and with a clear video and picture, Logan could put out the request officially. All the robots protecting the people and stopping others from entering started to use their energy to fly in the air and were heading to regroup at one location: the arena.

Meanwhile, at the same time, Logan wasn't just doing nothing. So far, he had been keeping an eye on things, not acting himself, because, truth be told, Logan could see no way, even with his help, even with his technology and strength, of defeating Laxmus.

Running the simulations repeatedly, the chances of him changing their circumstances were less than one percent, which was why he thought he could help in other ways, but now he had opened a particular room in his lab.

"I'm sorry, Quinn, I was wrong. If you were here, you wouldn't have listened to the percentages and chances of winning. I have to do something."

*** *** ***

On the arena ground itself, Laxmus could see the people entering through the stage where the crowd had been overlooking the event. The robots flying in the air surrounding them all.

"I guess that is my time to leave. I have what I wanted, and as promised, I am a man of my word." Lemus started, pulling his hand out from Vincent's body, letting the latter drop to the ground.

He fell on the arena, putting up nearly no resistance, and the back of his body just hit the floor, and his hands fell to the side. Blood was pouring slowly from his back.

In the next second and the shadow shrouded Laxmus and the other Guardians. It enveloped them like flames, and before anyone could react, the shadow disappeared, leaving no one on the spot. They were gone.

"We have to help the fake Quinn!" Minny shouted.

Everyone decided and ran over to where Vincent was, including Peter. Not knowing what they could do, but in the end, the one that had reached him first was someone else.

Crashing down in a white suit of armour was what looked like another AI robot. Only it was different from all the others. It had several gold details and a golden mask that was made of one piece covering its face.

Opening up though, to everyone's surprise, including Jake Green, it was his father, Logan Green.

"I'm sorry...I didn't come soon enough." Logan then opened up his arm and fired out a strange object. It was small to start with but started to spread out and looked somewhat like a large mechanical spider.

It hit Vincent right in his chest and had wrapped around it, covering the hole on his chest.

"Logan... how did he manage to get here so fast... is it the suit?" Peter thought as he also reached Vincent.

However, Peter was more annoyed that Logan hadn't chosen to help them and came when it was too late. But he knew it wasn't the time for them to be fighting against each other because they needed to focus on Vincent and save him anyhow.

"What is that thing?" Jake asked about the spider.

"It creates nano machines that will try and repair the damage to his body. It also will give him a supply of blood, but I'll be honest, I don't think it will be enough." Logan replied.

"It would be good if you could find anyone with any healing ability and do what you can to save him."

Jake didn't need to be asked twice as he already had gone off.

"What do you mean?" Hannah asked, now that the others had surrounded Vincent, who was on the floor. "I know it's a bad wound but with blood and all this help, won't he be okay?"

"No." Logan shook his head. "He isn't the same as the rest of you. There is a reason why he looks like Quinn."

"Truth be told, his body should have deteriorated, and he should have died long ago. We don't have Shiro right now, either."

"Without the nest crystal, there is a good chance that even with all this help, we could just be helping out an empty shell."

The others didn't quite know what Logan was talking about. After all, he was just answering what had come to his head without thinking about those around him. Still, they understood that it was a difficult situation and the chances of Vincent's survival were almost negligible.

The little robot that Logan had used started to imitate a heartbeat. It shook Vincent's whole body on its own, giving him chest compressions. Yet, there was still no response.

Walking over, Logan knelt down in his armour and was by Vincent's side.

"Can I still save you... if I give you mine?" Logan said out loud, but without context, they didn't know what he was talking about.

"After all, I have gone past my time. I hit my limit long ago. In fact, you have done more for the people than I have by hiding the red heart for so long."

"Don't be ridiculous!" Vicky cried immediately upon hearing these words, "Are you just going to leave me then?"

"Do you think that he didn't know what he was getting into? Don't sacrifice your life for his, not when you don't even know if it will work."

Just as she had finished, a shadow suddenly appeared in front of the group, putting everyone at.

And as the shadow subsided, they were even more shocked to see one of the Red Vampire Guardians stepping out. It was the same guardian who had fought against Vincent earlier. Before anyone could react, he opened his mouth and revealed his intentions.

"Please, let me take him with me... I can take him somewhere that might be able to help him."