Chapter 1766: The Legends Fight. (Part 2)

Upon seeing the hundreds of Sil using the flame skill, one didn't need to be a genius to understand that the situation was now much more dangerous.

Sil had made all of his clones using one ability, then switched to another ability. The Clones were still active but no longer taking up his MC cells, and each could use the same set of abilities as Sil. Just one Sil was troublesome enough, a thousand of him would surely give a headache.

"Sil's clones should have the same abilities as when he cloned himself, and only the real Sil should be able to use his soul weapon and switch abilities, but how the hell do I tell which one is the real one?"

There was still time left on the blue fang set before it would require a cooldown, so all he could do was try and finish them off as fast as possible.

Quinn ran toward the crowd of Sil's, and while doing so, he had summoned his own army behind him, it was an army of blood swords. This skill required a lot of blood aura, but Quinn had no choice since there were thousands of opponents on the other side. Although he didn't wish to go all out, he couldn't relax himself either since clearly, Sil hadn't yet recognised him and was after his life for 'impersonating a friend.

Behind them, the Sedi rank Amra had reached the front gate by now, but none of them moved. Not that someone told them to not make a move, rather, they just instinctively knew if they tried to get in the middle of the battle in front of them, they wouldn't even know how they died. In fact, many weren't even sure if they would even survive the shockwaves coming from the clashes.

On the other hand, with his super speed, Quinn reached the group first and threw a fist out filled with aura. The truth was Quinn was running at about 80 percent capacity, and then when getting close to the army of Sil's, he sped up to give an element of surprise.

He had successfully hit the first one head-on, sending him back and through the air, but at the same time, Quinn had felt a heavy flaming kick hit him in the stomach, in the head and more.

"These kicks are strong. I can feel it even though I have Qi covering my entire body!"

"Remember, I know every move you're going to make, and I can sacrifice a few clones to get a hit on you!" Almost all Sil spoke at once.

They went to attack again, some of them with ice and lightning in their hands, but just then, a few tried to retreat but were too slow, as the blood swords rained down on them.

Moments before, a fist hit Quinn straight in the head, he grabbed it with his shadow hand's open palm. Then, clenching it while holding Sil in place, Quinn lifted his leg and kicked Sil directly, knocking him right off and causing the clone's body to disappear.

"Even if you know it's coming, it doesn't mean you can avoid it."

[Shadow Overload has ended]

[You will now suffer from the drawback]

[Blue fang set is now on cooldown]

Usually, seeing these two messages would mean Quinn was at a disadvantage, but that was all in the past. He now had several different ways to fight his enemies, if something hadn't worked so far, he would just need to try another way.

[Item type soul weapon has been activated]

This time instead of getting the twin tails out, Quinn went for the celestial gauntlets. Immediately, ignoring everyone ready to attack him, he punched the ground, creating a mini crater and an earthquake.

Red lines of blood aura began to shine from the cracks in the ice, and in the next second, branches of blood tree's sprouted from them, spreading out and searching for the first target they could see.

Several of the blood branches had pierced the clones, attempting to drain them of their blood, but since there was no blood in them, they ended up disappearing. At the same time, a few of the clones were able to get into a position where the blood branches would not hit them.

"Come on, Sil, you're a Godslayer, aren't you? Well, I am God! So come on, let's see what you got!" Quinn shouted, seeing a large ice pillar being thrown his way.

It cast a shadow over the entire area, and it looked like it would be able to crush anyone just with its sheer size, but Quinn knew there was another person on the other end, someone who would throw it straight at him.

First, Quinn threw out a blood crescent kick to those that were on the ground. He didn't aim to hit any of them but just to hold them back. Then, while spinning his body, Quinn had changed one of his celestial gauntlets into a celestial spear.

At the end of his spin, Quinn had chucked the spear out, and strangely, the strange blades that were stuck in Quinn's body followed the spear. When the celestial blood spear hit the giant ice pillar, it got stuck in one of the ends rather than going right through it.

However, that's where the real part of the spear started to work, as just like the blood branches, it began to spread blood aura through the entire spear, lighting it up red. Eventually, the pillar broke, causing ice to fall below on the other Sil.

While Quinn still had his hand connected to the rest of the spear, he could somewhat retract himself towards it. It was painful as the blades went back into Quinn's body. He could feel it slicing his insides while his body tried to heal it simultaneously, just causing him pure pain, but now he had the spear in his hand and was right in front of Sil.

"I guess you're the real one then!" Quinn said as he transformed the spear into the original twin tail and swung it, hitting Sil and sending him right back down into the ice.

With small cuts on his legs, Quinn had formed his celestial blood armour around his chest and also created a pair of boots for himself. Then hardening the blood from his boots, he could kick off in the air, chasing straight after Sil rather than let gravity do his work. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"I've realised now that something that small won't be able to kill you!"

"You're right." A voice came from behind. Sil had a single green sword in his hand, and swinging it, he struck Quinn, now sending the latter off in the distance. But, while Quinn was in the air, Sil had teleported directly above him again.

"I never thought I would have to start using my weapons on you as well." Syl stated, cutting with his sword, trying to cut Quinn in half.

Meanwhile, Quinn's hands had turned into claws. and swinging them, he caught the blade just before it would strike his head.

Two powerful forces clashed again, and to Quinn's surprise, his tiger fighting style hadn't destroyed the sword.

"Is that a demon tier weapon?" Quinn said, thinking it could only be that. Either way, Quinn pushed the weapon out of the way and attempted to kick Sil, who teleported once again, causing him to miss.

"Sil, I don't want to hurt you, but you are starting to annoy me!" Quinn swung his arm where he predicted Sil would be, and it had somehow worked but had hit a giant shield instead.

"Oh, but I haven't finished with you. You have taken the appearance of a dear friend of mine, and believe me, once you have used everything."

"I will make you feel powerless and show you that you damned gods are nothing!"

Enormous energy blasted from the shield hitting Quinn, but he had both his hands covering his body and containing the energy.

"You idiot. I am the friend you are speaking about. I was locked away for a thousand years, and then that damned woman sent me here!" Quinn shouted back.

"If you really want me to kick your arse like when we first fought, then I can do that!"

Sil suddenly frowned, stopping his shield since the attack seemed to do nothing.

Then, he used his ice powers to create spikes from the ground, attempting to pierce Quinn, but Quinn was avoiding them all and punching the ones that were getting in his way.

"I think you have it all wrong. You never beat me the first time, instead, you ran away, and then the second time, I beat you." Sil was now smiling.

"You beat me? No Way! You tricked me and let Fex get away, which caused us to get involved with the whole vampire settlement!" Quinn shouted, and now the celestial blood armour he had created was starting to cover more and more of his body.

As it did, the pattern it created made Quinn look less like a human. But then, just as Quinn was ready to go up a level in this fight, he noticed something.

Sil was standing there opposite him, smiling, and a tear streaked down his face.

"It's... really... you? I can't believe it!"