Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1820: Act like one. (Part 2)

The chaos ensued in section three, but eventually, things were starting to die down because the remaining guests had decided to hide. It was a large ship with plenty of room, and equipment among other things. Since surrendering wasn't an option, they kept quiet, not making a noise and revealing themselves.

The enemies had now dealt with most of the noisy guests that had continued to fight back, but they didn't leave because they had yet to find who they were actually looking for.

The attackers soon stepped inside the large bar area. There was a group of ten of them. The three in front held swords while the others had guns ready to give them back up when needed.

One of the gunmen suddenly saw a person move from under the table and immediately shot them, and the others followed and put several holes in the tables, instantly killing most of the guests hiding under them.

"We aren't to kill them unless we confirm who they are first!" One at the front said aloud.

Just as they were being told off from the side, two females in black dresses appeared in front of them. One of them kicked the weapon out of the enemy's hand, while the other hit the hand away before using her palm to strike the chin of another. The movements were quick, and the main goal was to get the weapons the enemy was using.

Both of the girls, Wince and Ceril had no hesitation as they slashed the bodies in front of them. Then holding thier bodies in place, they charged towards the gunmen using them as shields. When getting close, they pushed the bodies, throwing them on top of the others.

Before they could recover and get off the ground, both of the females slashed their necks, drawing a strange bluish blood killing them on the spot.

"This is our fault." Ceril started huffing and panting.

The two girls had cut off part of thier dress and covered their faces. They looked towards the chaos that was continuing, but it looked like it was coming to an end.

The attackers with their guns had quickly been able to subdue to a room full of people. The only one left fighting was Nog, who was up against the trident user. Nog had done well, he was fast strong and powerful and had taken on a group of ten before running into this man.

Still, there was no match between the two.

"You are still standing, but can't you see, we have already taken over the ship. I thought the Marpo ship was meant to be impossible to take over?" The man asked, with his hands raised.

He then shoved the trident forward and three jets of water started to wrap around each other hitting Nog straight in the stomach and sending him flying back and crashing into the several tables in the bar area until he had eventually stopped.

Everyone who had been captured, injured and still alive were watching, thinking that this was the end of thier lives.

"You have no idea what you are doing." Nog said getting up and coughing blood. His clothes had been ripped off, and his whole body was bruised full of broken bones. "If the captain was here, he would have beaten you all."

"And even if you don't believe that. Now that you have touched this place, the real owner of the Marpo-Cruise will come for you no matter where you are!" Nog smiled.

The words he spoke were his truth, he was satisfied to know after death all of these people would be dealt with, he was just upset that he wouldn't be there to see it.

Around fifty of the attackers in strange masks had been defeated and the rest had gathered behind the man with the trident. There was no longer any need for them to search the rest of the area, as everywhere apart from one had been searched.

The one with the trident had placed his hand next to his ear, to report this to the other teams. There was a response from a couple of them, but from one there was no word what so ever.

"That's strange. Is there really someone on this ship that could have wiped them out. Perhaps this captain this guy spoke of. Although I find it unlikely... but I guess we still haven't found her." He mumbled to himself. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

He and the others walked forward, entering the large bar area that covered an entire hall. It was the last place that they had yet to check and where the last of the resistance currently was at.

"You are in quite the situation to use such words when you can't even stand. They will come after us. Very well, then let them come after us. I am willing to take that gamble!" The man said, pointing his trident towards Nog once more.

Water could be seen gathering at the tip, and it was unsure even for Nog himself if he could take another hit.

"Wait!" The pink-haired female ran out and stood in front of the trident. "It's me you want." She said taking off her make-shift mask and revealing herself.

"Now. This would have been far easier wouldn't it?" The man asked.

"If you had just come out from the beginning, then everything would have been fine. Did you really think that you were protected and safe here?"

Wince didn't say anything, she just clenched her fists while a large vein on her forehead could be seen. Her teeth were grinding back and forth but she knew there was nothing that she could do.

Two men held her by her arms as they went to take her away.

"NOOO!" Ceril shouted, revealing herself from her hiding spot, just behind one of the flipped tables. "Please, someone help her!"

Her eyes were full of tears, but she herself didn't act because she knew she couldn't do it alone. She couldn't fight them all on her own. All she could do, was continue to scream and ask for help.

The other attackers were searching the place, to see if there was anyone else that might still be hiding, when one of them had come across a certain individual lying on the table sleeping, the sound of snoring could be heard so it was clear he was alive.

"Sir, what should we do with the guests on board, including this one?" The attacker asked.

"Get rid of them all." The leader replied.

"WAIT NOO!" Wince shouted. "I came with you, you got what you want, why are you doing this, You don't have to do this! Please!"

No amount of begging would work, she now realised this as the soldiers got ready to use thier guns, but that's when her sights went to the one who had a gun held right to his head.

"YOU!" Wince shouted. "You're a god right! You proved it to me. You told me about all those things you did."

"So do them now! I saw how much pain you were in, you were in so much pain because you said you couldn't save your old friends, right? Right!" She continued to scream.

"Please, help us, help us... You can help people, you can do something this time, to help others!! So please... wake the Fu#k up!" The last words were screamed at the top of her lungs the sound resounded in the entire place, almost echoing but there seemed to be no response.

The sound of the guns in the room were heard charging up, and one was pointed directly to the man head on the table. Wince looked to him, her last hope, his life was going to end like that, until she saw the man's hand on the gun.

She hadn't seen him move, she just saw that the person on the table was now holding onto the gun. The attacker tried to pull away, he used his whole strength but it couldn't move no matter what.

"So much screaming, it's really starting to hurt my head." A voice was heard from the table.

That's when the attacker noticed that the man's nose on the table started to twitch.

"I smell blood."