Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1830: Sea beasts. (Part 2)

It was obvious that what Sil first thought was just a dark patch in the sea, or a large underground mountain was nothing of the sort. Instead, it was a giant beast, what level or what tier, he had no idea but judging by its size, Sil thought it would at least be at the Demon-tier level.

Judging by how far they were, it seemed like the tentacles could stretch miles. In the next second, all of the large tentacles headed straight into the ground. Piles of rocks and rubble from the destroyed ruins were being chucked up all over the place, and immediately the two of them were surrounded by several tentacles.

They started swinging down towards the two of them and using the water jets on his hands, He started to swim out of the way, allowing for the tentacles to miss him.

"To truly test the Dalki, it's best if the two of us split up." Sil thought.

Eventually, when they were far enough, Sil had come across what used to look like a house, It was one of the most non destroyed structures in the area. Landing on top of it, several of the tentacles that were chasing after him rose from the ground.

Suddenly, Sil's fighting face expression changed and immediately all of the water around Sil started to move and bubble. The tentacles moved at the same time to slam down on Sil, but immediately the water moved in slashes outward in all directions from Sil.

The next second several of the tentacles fell onto the ground, and blood was seen floating in the water all over the place.

"That was a warning for you," Sil said out loud. "Don't try to attack me unless you want a short life. Just stay back."

When saying these words, Sil looked towards the large dark figure and the red eyes in the distance. For some reason, from that one attack, it looked like all the tentacles were being pulled away.

Now all that was left was for Sil to see just how Doguth would deal with all of this.

"A five spike Dalki against a demon tier. Quinn told me to keep an eye on him, but if he can't handle it, am I meant to help him?" Sil wondered.

Doguth was unable to pay attention to what was happening to him, and he wasn't even aware that Sil had gone off because he was focusing too much on his own battle.

The tentacles were strong and rampant. One had come towards him, but it was stopped with one hand from the Dalki, but his side was soon hit by another and had sent him flying in the air. The Dalki felt some of his ribs break and a little bit of green blood was coming out of his mouth.

While in pain, the Dalki didn't stop his attack, since he continued to use the red lazer energy from his eyes. It seems to be the most effective as whatever it hit would either burn the end of the tentacle or cut through it.

However, it looked like Doguth could only use it in short bursts, as he would stop once in a while and resort to using his hands.

"Stop annoying me!" Doguth shouted as he threw a punch down right on the head of a large tentacle. It slammed into the ground creating cracks on the sea floor.

"Ah yes, the reason why these Dalki are so difficult to deal with in the first place. Because the more hurt they are, the stronger they get." Sil thought.

Although the Dalki was doing well and able to deal with a lot of the tentacles by ripping them off with his hands, stomping on their heads with his foot, and burning them with his lazers. It still wasn't enough.

There were far too many and each time he would get hit, the muscles on the Dalki body would be hurt and restricted.

"Is he not as strong because of us being in the water? It doesn't seem to be affecting the beast at all." Sil thought. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Just then one of the tentacles for the first time in the fight had grabbed onto Doguth. It wrapped around him and was squeezing harder and harder to the point where blood was coming out from his mouth.

Seeing this, Sil let out a sigh.

"I've seen a lot of people, creatures, and beings die in front of my eyes... but I guess we need this one to live so we can find a way home." Sil opened his hand and a ball of water started to gather. Instead of pointing it towards the Dalki, he had pointed it towards the cause of the problem, the large creature in the distance.

Getting ready to deal with the creature, Sil heard a loud noise coming from his right. He could see that Doguth had broken free and not just that, he had destroyed all of the tentacles around him.

Immediately after, Doguth started to run towards the large creature off in the distance. As he continued to run, more of the tentacles would appear in an attempt to strike him down.

The Dalki, even without having to swim, had been hurt beyond belief was stronger than before and was now faster. When Doguth got close, suddenly out from the ground around him, tentacles appeared creating a wall in front of him.

Opening his eyes, the red lazer came out wider than Sil had ever seen it before and it had completely evaporated the large tentacles off.

"What is going on here... wait don't tell me." Sil started to think back to the fight he had seen so far, he didn't notice it before because it was subtle but he was sure of it.

"The Dalki, as they get hurt more not only is he getting stronger, but his ability is as well. This... is messed up." Sil thought.

As soon as Sil had finished his thought, Doguth, had already reached the large creature and now there was a giant hole through its head. It had without a doubt died, and on top of that, Doguth looked to have taken the Demon tier crystal as well.

"This is not what I expected." Sil thought.

Swimming towards Doguth, Sil landed by his side and checked to see if he was okay. He was bleeding quite a bit, but as always with a Dalki it was hard to tell if they were on thier last legs or not.

"I see you were alive, but you are too late I have killed the beast, so the crystal is rightfully mine, correct?" The Dalki said.

For some reason, the Dalki, itself seemed to be obsessed with crystals, Sil already had plenty before and letting go of one crystal at least for now, he didn't mind.

The two of them started to feel the water inosing all around them. It was as if there were waves underneath the sea. It was a strange feeling and stranger when they couldn't see anything.

Because of this, Sil started to use his ability again and he soon regretted it.

"This might be a bit troublesome," Sil said.

It didn't take long for the Dalki to figure out what was happening because soon large dark figures could be seen in the distance and they were getting bigger by the second. The single large beast wasn't the end of their troubles.

"It looks like the two of us will really be dying here. It's such a shame." Doguth said.

"Hey, I thought Dalki weren't like that. I thought they were warriors that fought to the death. You are a strange one." Sil stated walking forward and in front of Doguth.

"It's okay, you can rest. I have something that can deal with all of these, I wasn't going to use it, bur I guess since there is no one around, it will be alright."

Opening up the portal, Sil reached in and pulling out of it, was one of his favourite weapons that had originally come from this planet, the great trident.

"Let's get rid of all of these and get out of here."