Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1839: I'm in a rush! (Part 1)

Looking at Quinn on the large giant fleet ship, Wince had a large smile on her face. This was the person that she had relied on, the person she had put all her hopes into taking back her planet.

She just never thought that he would have such a big fear over the deep blue sea, but she was lucky that his friend, as well as the captain of the cruise, had been lucky enough to help her.

The real question on her mind, and Sil's thought was just what Quinn was doing this entire time.

—— —— ——

Back on the beach before the city had been risen by Sil above the water, Quinn had just turned Ceril into a new type of subclass. Checking out the system, he was wondering if there were any different traits to the subclass.

Usually, when creating a subclass for the first time, the system would prompt him with a load of information on the subclass. Telling him the usual traits, special powers and more but this time there was nothing.

"Is this because it's completely new, the system has no information on such a thing?" Quinn thought.

What he had done was travelled into the unknown. Quinn had given his celestial energy to the Amra race people. That didn't seem to be a problem as it hadn't changed them so much only made them more powerful.

Whoever, this was different, Quinn was using his traits as a vampire to create what was in front of him, but there was nothing that he could do for now, and it looked like she wouldn't be waking up any time soon.

"Why did you just attack that large spaceship!" Nog shouted. "Are you trying to let them know where we are?"

After destroying the ship with his large blood spear, Quinn was looking through the system to try to learn more about Ceril. To Nog, it looked like the acts of a madman, who would constantly mumble, talk to himself, or just gaze off into the distance.

Now, he had just taken a large ship as if he had grabbed a piece of fruit to eat.

"Yeah." Quinn replied.

"If the others are in trouble then we need to grab their attention and pull them up to here, and without a better way other than getting in the water, this is our only choice."

Shadow started to cover Quinn and it was the first time Nog had seen such a thing, causing him to step back.

"These humans are strange to have these mystical powers and now shadows as well?" Nog thought.

With the demon-tier chest piece now equipped, Quinn sprouted out his wings and covered them with the shadow as he usually would have.

"Look after her, and if she wakes up and looks like he's trying to eat youm, stay away from her." Were Quinn's final words as he flew up in the sky.

He flew fast and as he expected, the other smaller ships as well as the larger fleets that had been orbiting in space were heading in the direction where the attack had come from. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

They were leaving space and coming closer and closer to the planet's orbit. Finally, Quinn stopped in the air, as he could see a strange pod-like vehicle. It was a see-through ball with a pilot inside. The vehicle also had two laser pointers sticking out from it.

Soon four of them were around Quinn. The larger fleet ships similar to the one that he had destroyed were slower at moving so they would take some time to reach him.

"Identify yourself or we will fire!" One of the small pod ships ordered.

"I'm looking for your leader, I think his name is Yanny. Can you please tell him to come up here so we can talk?" Quinn asked.

These people were just soldiers following orders, so if it could be avoided Quinn didn't want to just kill them.

The soldiers in the pods just laughed and Quinn could see the lasers on their ships charging up. Since they had attempted to kill him now, he felt like he had no choice. All four of them begin to fire at once.

Curling up, with his two shadow wings, the Lasers hit them, adn at the same time came back out, firing at themselves. It had come as a surprise to them and they were unable to move out of the way of the strike, causing all four of them to explode in an instant.

Leaving them to fall to the ground, Quinn didn't check if they were okay or not, his eyes were set on the large ship that had just arrived. Flying at full speed Quinn started to spin his body and narrow his wings so he went in faster like a missile.

The weapons on the large ship were unable to fire at him and before they knew it, Quinn was attached to the side of the ship. Using the regular gauntlet he had on his hand, he pierced the exterior with ease, and pulled away a large chunk of the ship throwing it to the ground.

He entered the inside and started to summon ten blades hovering around his back with the blood aura. He walked into the ship's room and started walking around looking to see if he could find anyone and it didn't take long for a group of the same people that had attacked them on the cruise ship, to arrive with their guns pointed at him.

"Please don't fire at me. I just want a way to contact this Yanny guy. If not, then maybe one of you guys knows how to get back to earth?" Quinn asked.

"FIRE!"

Once again, it was attack first and ask questions later but Quinn had been prepared for this. He covered himself with the wings, blocking all the laser shots with them. Although he could try and avoid them all with his speed, that was tiring work for these lot.

At the same time, the group were firing from all sorts of different angles for his last trick of firing back at them to work. Instead, while turtling up and covering himself with the wings.

He had his blood swords do the work. They flew through the air, gogin right through the attackers' hearts, slicing through them and continuing to travel through their bodies with ease.

They were swirling around the entire room, and their attention was focused on the blood swords, but firing at them did nothing.

In the end, there was silence as Quinn dealt with them all. Through a series of events similar to this one, he had ended up going to the main command centre of the ship and in the end destroying the ship or the captains themselves would opt to self explode the ship.

It wasn't a problem for Quinn, as he could just use his shadow space while the explosion was going off. It was time for him to move to the next one.

Using Qi, blood aura, the shadow, and very little of his martial arts he could take on anyone that was on board the ships, and eventually, he found a captain that was a little more than compliant.

After seeing three of the large ships already being destroyed it looked like he knew what was about to come next.

"Take me to Yanny!" Quinn started with the captain's head pressed against the control panel of the ship. He was getting quite frustrated that the same thing was happening again and again.

Even using his influence skill was useless because most of these guys didn't even know where he was. That is when a small blip appeared on the rader. It was close to them, and somewhat directly beneath them. Quinn had the perfect idea on how to drop down and get there quicker to show the others he meant business.

—— —— ——

All of those events had led to where Quinn was right now, standing on top of the ship.

"Who are you?" Yanny asked. "And why are you standing on one of my ships!"

Out of anger, Yanny had thrown out a whirlpool of water from his hand directly toward Quinn. Seeing this, Quinn lifted his hand and swung it. The next moment, it looked like the water just disappeared into nothing.

The third stage of Qi was enough to break up the attack that had been used.

"That... that is the person who I brought." Wince said smiling.