Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1840: I'm in a rush! (Part 2)

Right now, looking at the man standing on the ship Yanny's blood was beyond boiling point. He had no clue who this person was but it was clear that they weren't a Mermerial, just like the one before.

It was twice now that someone had come in and interrupted his plans. They had significantly changed the flow of everything that was going on, this was also the exact problem that Yanny was talking about. The reason why he wanted to take over the race and focus on strength, so outsiders of different races couldn't affect them.

Rather than suppressing the great powers they had, they should have empowered them. The only thing was after that one attack, Yanny was unsure how powerful this person was. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Ignoring the crashing ship, the fight with the others soon continued, the remaining predators were going for the Dalki, while the remaining few were going after Sil. Now that Quinn was here, he didn't want to waste any more time at all.

Yanny had practically blinked for a second, and Suddenly Quinn was no longer in his sights, Instead, he was holding onto one of the other predators.

[Skill celestial drain is being used]

In one hand, he held a Predator by the head, in the other, he was controlling his blood to attack the remaining others. Then when finally drained, Quinn had gathered two blood rifles in both of his hands, aimed carefully and fired it out killing the other two predators that were fighting against the other Dalki.

The celestial energy that he got from the predators wasn't worth his time.

"Who is that person..." People who were still hiding in the city asked.

"They just killed the predators with ease. This makes no sense?"

Now that they had all been dealt with, there was only one more to go.

"You know, I could have taken them all out as well?" Sil asked. "You try fighting in the water, while looking after everyone at the same time."

"I know you could have Sil. It seems you took a lot on your shoulders this time." Quinn stated and looked toward Yanny who had taken a step back.

"Wait!" Princess shouted, slamming her trident into the ground.

"Please Quinn. I know you have helped me, all of you have, at my request. But this is something that I need to do. Please, let me deal with him."

The reason why Quinn didn't hold back unlike Sil, was because he felt like they had spent enough time here. Of course, they didn't want to destroy the whole planet and kill innocent lives, but everyone they needed was here.

When looking at Wince, Quinn noticed the trident and gave Sil a look, who just gave an awkward smile back.

"Let her have this one, I think she just might win." Sil winked.

The large ship that had crashed down in the square had taken up half of it, but the other half was clear for the two of them to fight. Dogthus, Sil and Quinn were now watching the outcome.

—— —— ——

The trident was a natural weapon in Wince's hand. She had hardly used a weapon like this before, only swords and others when the royal family would train her. Yet, it felt like an extension of her body.

Even now out of the water it was so light. She continually spun the trident around herself, and then finally thrust it forward toward Yanny shooting out a jet stream of water.

"If you think for a second I'm going to give up now when I was so close, then you are dead wrong!"

Yanny jumped to the side avoiding the strike, it was one of the few times the jet stream of water from the trident had actually avoided him. In his hands, he had also gathered balls of water. Although, they didn't look normal as they moved about.

Immediately he started to throw them toward the princess, one after another. Wince, unsure what these were, had decided to avoid the first one. She jumped back and the second the ball of water touched the ground, it exploded and several splashes of water came out in all different types of directions.

Some of them came towards her but spinning the trident, she was able to block the attack. When spinning the trident a strange blue glow would come out towards it.

Still, several more attacks were coming and hence why she was unable to avoid them all. Eventually one of the water bombs had exploded next to her and she couldn't stop the slashes of water that were going towards her feet. It had caused a big deep cut and her blood was now spilling on the ice.

"The wound is quite deep, I won't be able to move as well as I could before."

Seeing this as an opportunity, creating a larger water bomb combining two of them together Yanny through it towards her again.

Just as it looked like the water bomb was about to hit the ground, she propped herself up ion the trident. Then used it to lift her own body above in the air.

The water bomb had exploded right where the trident was but she knew a weapon like hers could take it.

Pushing off while in the air upside down, she lifted herself as if someone was doing a type of high jump and held the trident in her hand like a spear. Wince's hand was glowing slightly blue as she threw it out, and while in the middle of the air it started to multiply tuning into six different tridents.

With the way they were coming towards Yanny it was impossible for him to avoid them all, and one of the tridents stuck right through his arm. Activating the blue glow around her hand, the trident suddenly appeared right back in her hand again.

"I told you she would do alright, and it looks like she finally learnt how to use the thing, although I can create quite a few tridents, that thing is still better in my hands," Sil said.

"You think this is over don't you, I can tell from the look on your face." Yanny had one of his arms holding the wound applying pressure to it, but in one of the others, was the blue pearl he had been holding the entire time.

"All of you will wish you joined my side." Yanny threw the blue pearl on the floor and it broke. Immediately, a large amount of energy could be felt escaping out of the ball.

Seeing this, Quinn and Sil knew it was celestial energy. The two of them jumped and leapt to where Wince was, as this would no longer be a fair fight.

The sea outside of the ice started to become wild, dark clouds gathered above them all, and the wind began to pick up as well. The people seeing all of this thought that a catastrophe was about to strike.

"Please Yongu, rise and teach all of these fools a lesson, show them why the predators have worshipped you!" Yanny laughed.

The blue mist coming out from the pearl, started to gather into a pure blue energy form. It was starting to make out a shape, a large figure that was a little bigger than Yanny himself.

An outline was starting to appear. It had large wings growing from its back, a face of a sea creature mixed between a shark and an octopus, yet had a figure of a human. When the outline finally finished forming, the blue energy particles dispersed and without a doubt, what they were staring out now, was a god, another Celestial.

Immediately, Yanny bowed down in front of him.

"Oh please, great master, get rid of these fools who wish to take over your planet."

Looking at the creature, there was a shiver in all of the people's spines, and even Wince was taken aback.

"A real God... the god of the sea. The predators really did serve him, it wasn't a rumour after all." Now Wince felt guilty, guilty for bringing these two along, to suffer a cruel death there was nothing they could do.

Yongu was staring at the Celestial having been summoned, he then titled his head down, to look at the so called intruders.

"Who dares disturb my..." Yongu's words were cut short as soon as he laid eyes on the intruders.

There was silence, as he blinked a couple of times, and suddenly got down on his knees.

"Please... please Great Celestial BB, please spare me."

The great god in front of the whole Mermerial race was on his knees begging for his life.