Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 185 Peter Evolving

Almost at the same time as Quinn had received the notification from the system, a loud groan could be heard from behind him.

"Peter what’s wrong, are you okay?" Vorden said, with a worried expression. He was shaking Peter who had fallen, and was lying on the ground. Peter was clutching his belly with both hands, he felt like a fire was spreading out from that point all over his body.

"Guys! Give him some space!" Quinn said, "He’s evolving! I don’t know what he’ll turn into, or what’s going to happen to him next." L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Quinn knew from his own experience how painful the process of evolving was, but more than that, he was worried what Peter might turn into.

Quinn had immediately asked the system what Peter would evolve into, but the response he received worried him. The system said that there were many possibilities and it couldn’t predict which one Peter would evolve into. He had thought that by completing his quest and letting Peter evolve, it would be the end of his problems, but once again, the system had kept some information from him.

When lower class creatures like ghouls evolved, there were many different classes they could change into. Sometimes, by using certain methods, the classes someone would evolve into could be influenced, but mostly it was a random process which depended on the situation and personality of the individual.

Every class had its own set of skills, and some were rarer than others. But when Quinn found out about a specific class a ghoul could evolve into, he became very upset, it was the class known as the wendigo. Out of all the classes Peter could evolve into, this was the worst. It was the only class that would still require him to eat human flesh, but that was not the only issue with the class.

The system had added that because they managed to feed Peter quickly, it wasn’t likely he would turn into a wendigo, but there were no guarantees.

All of them stepped back, to give Peter some space. Logan turned his spider-bots into a cannon attached to his arm, and aimed it at Peter. He hadn’t covered his whole body this time, but just enough to create the cannon. Logan looked at the others with a determined look on his face.

"I’m not taking any chances," Logan said, "There are too many things left in this world that I still need to discover and investigate."

Vorden totally agreed with him, and thought his actions were very reasonable. He was glad Logan had something to point at Peter, because he only had the healing ability right now, and that wasn’t any help if things went wrong with the evolution.

The groans coming from Peter were getting louder, and he started to shake all over. This much pain he had never experienced before, it felt like something was trying to break all the bones in his body.

As they nervously watched Peter, they started to see visible changes to his body. His skin began to shrink and tighten, and turning white all over. He didn’t look sick or weak, the scene actually reminded Vorden of what Quinn had looked like before his evolution into a full vampire.

It looked like Peter’s body hadn’t lost any body mass, but it looked like he was shrivelling up and was dehydrated.

"Hey, he’s not turning into a wendigo is he?" Quinn asked the system.

"I’m don’t know for sure, but you should be prepared for the worst. I’ll be honest with you, these are the signs of someone turning into one. If that’s the case, I think it would be best to allow Logan to just kill Peter." the system replied.

"But I thought you said it was impossible for me to kill Peter? Also, why can’t we just feed him again till he evolves, like last time?" Quinn asked, with a mix of fear and hope in his voice.

"For your first question, as long as it is someone else who is going to kill Peter, and you don’t try to abandon him at that moment, anyone can kill him. Secondly, unlike other classes, wendigo’s can’t evolve anymore, and unlike a ghoul, they aren’t loyal to their master at all. They have lost their intelligence entirely, and can only react based on instinct, they have only one thing on their mind, which is food.

"The only bit of loyalty they have left is that they won’t attack their master, but for the rest of their undead lives they will continue to hunt and kill humans to eat their flesh." the system replied, dashing Quinn’s hope.

Quinn didn’t like the idea of it, but if Peter turned into a wendigo, he had no other choice. Too many people had already gotten hurt. He had felt guilty about Peter’s situation, which was why he was doing his best to help him, but this was a cost that would be too high even for him.

At the same time, there was something that was worrying Peter a lot more right now, his heartbeat was starting to slow down, with the pain on top of this he thought perhaps he was dying. However, even though his heart wasn’t beating anymore, he could still feel everything, and it didn’t feel like he was dead at all.

Then finally, his heartbeat had stopped entirely and at the same time, so did the pain.

[Congratulations, your Ghoul has successfully evolved into a Wight]

[Blood ritual skill has evolved]

[1/3 Slots remaining for the Cursed family]

As Peter stood up from the floor, his face looked more sunken in than before, and his skin was slightly paler. Immediately Peter grabbed his chest for some reason, and he held it there for a while, yet there was nothing, not a single beat was felt.

"Tell us your name, age and where you are!" Logan shouted. He had to make sure that Peter was right in the head.

"I don’t answer to you." Peter snapped. "I will only answer to one." He said, pointing at Quinn.

Quinn then repeated the question again.

"Peter chuck, 16 and we are inside Logan’s room sir."

Satisfied with the answers, Logan put his hand down but also made sure not to take the mechanical weapon.

[Inspect]

[Name: Peter Chuck]

[Race: Wight]

[Stats: Will corresponding with creator until it reaches its limit]

Seeing the last bit of information had given Quinn a surprise. This meant right now that Peter had the same stat points as Quinn. He was just as strong and just as fast. Although the second part would suggest it would continue to increase as long as Quinn got stronger, but at some point, it would reach a cap.

"What is a Wight though? was it bad like the wendigo, or one of the better ones?" Quinn asked.

"Why don’t you use your inspect skill and see?" the system replied. "If you select the race option with your mind, it should pull up more information."

[Race: Wight]

[An undead creature which is fast and sneaky in the night. They are best used as a form of an assassin. Wight’s have a high level of intelligence similar to humans, although their personality could not be said to be the same.

They are lawful to their creator, but once they see someone as their enemy, they will do everything in their power to get rid of them.

Wights are immune to poison, sleep, paralysis, Mind control, and diseases. They also contain a skill that will allow them to turn a killed victim into another lesser Wight [0/2] ]

Vorden could see, Quinn taking in something, he noticed he did this from time to time and then would eventually explain what was going on.

Perhaps it was some sort of vampire skill or something. But it did make him wonder where he got all his vampire knowledge from, he had always assumed that is was Layla the Vampire frak feeding him this information.

"Is everything okay, do we still need to feed him human flesh?" Vorden asked.

"It’s alright, Peter you are no longer a ghoul, you’re now something known as a Wight." Quinn replied.

After explaining everything to Peter, he finally understood why his heart had stopped beating. He was an undead creature, no longer alive.

"Can I die, sir?" Peter asked.

Quinn found it strange that Peter kept referring him to Sir, but could only assume it had something to do with his class change. It seemed to also cause a slight personality change in Peter as well.

"Well, you’re already dead. There is no longer any need for you to eat human flesh and you’re unnatural healing abilities will heal you most of the time. But if you do get to hurt and you use too much energy, you will once again have to eat human flesh, although there is no longer any requirement for it to be fresh." Quinn explained as the system continued to inform him.

Everyone in the room could finally relax and sit down. It was finally all over. Still, Peter had decided to leave the personality change that the system said a Wight would have. Since it seemed like Peter was being Lawful to his creator like it said it would, it most likely meant the second part was genuine as well.

If a Wight saw anyone as its enemy, then he would do everything he could to get rid of the person. As long as no one tried messing with him for now, everything should be okay.

But there was one upcoming situation left that they had to deal with, that was worrying him about this. His next meeting with Duke in a few days time.

***

Want another mass release? Then remember to vote below. Stone goals in author’s notes.

Instagram for some MVS artwork: jksmanga