Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1843: A Great Teacher. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Once again, the most advanced stealth fighter ship from Green city was being used. It was the same one as the group had used when travelling to the Red Vampire base, only this time they were heading to a place that was probably equally as dangerous for those onboard.

Although the general public would never see it that way.

They were going to the Pure base, the large ship known as Rein. The coordinates had been sent to them. Because it was almost impossible to find the ship without them. The ship would communicate with the bases they had on land, and it was the same if anyone wanted to immigrate to the main ship.

They would have to ask about it at one of the few Pure Shelters that were set up around earth and a few other places on the other planets on the Milkey Way galaxy.

As for the ship itself, without the coordinates, there were claims that it was untrackable. It seemed like. over the course of a 1000 years, there were those that were able to create technology that could catch up with the great Logan Green.

Or at least after all this time, they had ways of countering him.

This time, the group was not as large as it was before, as there were many that had left the group to pursue their own thing. Vorden and Borden had gone back to the Blades. They were on standby in case anything was to happen, and at the same time, Logan said bringing them to the pure base would be trouble.

Hannah was no longer with them helping out those at the Red Vampire base. Vincent, had yet to wake up, but rather than sit around and do nothing they wanted to do something which led them to where they were right now.

There was no longer Jake either. On his father's advice, it would be best not to send him.

In truth, Logan wanted to go with them, and if he could he would have sent Jake like he did when they went to the Red Vampire base, but this was meant to be a civil meeting. There was no threat to be made from either side.

A leader couldn't just go to the base of the other side, it was dangerous for them. Even if the leader was killed, the other side could blame it on some extremist assassin, even if they were the ones that hired them.

In fact, Logan had claimed even through all his meetings with those at Pure, he had never met Zero himself. The only one he would stay in contact with was Agent 4. The Great scientist of Pure.

Which was why sending a group of misfits would be okay.

Currently, on board, were Muka, Jessica, Lucia, Peter, Mitchell and finally Minny. All of them were at a meeting around a cheap metal table. Apparently, Mitchell brought it on board with him so they could have more efficient meetings.

Minny had even got her own seat, and she slammed her two fists on the table.

"Okay, so how are we going to solve this!" Minny said.

Although the girls seemed to find it cute and adorable, Mitchell was slapping his forehead.

"Who thought it was a good idea to bring a little girl into enemy territory, why didn't we just leave her at Green City, surely she would have been safer there," Mithcell complained.

"Hey, she saved my life." Lucia argued back. "Minny is more than capable, besides, it was Peter who decided to bring her along."

Mitchell looked at Peter hoping for a reasonable answer, the thing was, from this person he wasn't really expecting one.

"If anything happened to her, how do you think Quinn would react?" Peter replied.

"Do you really think she is safer in Green city, with a person who doesn't really know her, or right by my side?"

It certainly was a good case surprisingly, Mitchell couldn't argue with that, and certainly not when the strongest person on this ship without a doubt was Peter. Although no one saw him as the leader, instead that role had naturally gone to someone else.

Controlling this entire meeting was none other than Muka.

"There are two key points that we have to remember about this meeting" Muka began to explain. "For one, we are officially going to apologise about losing the Red Heart."

"No doubt they know that the Green family was involved in the attack by the Red Vampires due to Jake Green's display of his abilities. Logan wishes for us to talk about how both of our groups can move forward from this."

"Remember, that Pure has been working with the dhampirs as well so this will be a difficult task, but we are not to initiate or start a war."

"Whatever the case please try to keep your fists to yourself. If we start a fight while visiting on behalf of the Green's we will lose the people's trust."

Everyone nodded showing they understood, but they all soon turned their heads to Peter, including Minny.

"I will try, but self defence must be an option," Peter replied.

"That is acceptable." Muka then gave a nod toward.

Mitchell, as she wanted him to keep an eye on Peter, and be the one to calm him down, or reason with him when it came to it. This was probably the hardest task that anyone had.

"Great, as for the second task, the true reason why we are visiting is to find out if they can give us any information about when Leo, and Sera attacked 1000 years ago."

Lucia, scrunched up her forehead as she was trying to think.

"How, are we going to do that exactly, I mean, it seems like the whole attack wasn't exactly a good experience for them. It's as if we are going to apologise and then ask them for a favour."

"They might be okay." Mitchell replied.

"Pure are more Civil than people think, and have been for a while. They only act a certain way towards vampires to get support from the people.

"Honestly, at this point, we don't really know if we have another goal other than winning a general election to be put into power."

"So asking them a few questions about the past might not be a big deal, we just need to get to the right person."

"So as a green, we are to find out what happened to Leo the last time he was attacked," Muka said and once again they all nodded.

"I have a question." Jessica said, raising her hand shyly as if she was in the middle of school.

"Can you please tell us, who was this Leo person? Why is he so important to the Dhampir Queen? Can one man really make such a difference?"

His was actually a question that many wanted to ask, but the main person Quinn wasn't there to answer.

"For me, he was a powerful Vampire knight. He worked for Quinn as his second in command and looked after those in the tenth."

"At one point there was a large attack from the Blood suckers and he had managed to survive until the king came, which is a grand feet itself."

"He also got the name of 'Armlobber', but I can't remember why."

That had explained a bit about Leo's life in the vampire world but there had to be more.

"Leo, wasn't always a vampire," Peter answered.

"He was a teacher at the school first, and he was someone who was turned by Quinn. Before he was even turned though he had helped us a number of times."

"He never seemed to follow rules, set form above and always just followed his own rules. Whatever he believed in. I don't know the full story."

"Erin had become Leo's pupil of a sort. The two of them had worked together for a long time. She seemed to respect him, do anything he said."

"That's why we need to know what had such an impact on her life, whether it was Leo's death, or something else that we don't know."

The others thought of the man who taught the Dhampir Queen, they had already seen how strong Erin was in combat, her swordsmanship was not to be laughed at. It was difficult for them to imagine the person mentioned or what they would look like.

While everyone was left with their thoughts, a beeping sound was heard. Turning around through the large glass pane window, they could see it, the enormous ship known as Rein.