Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1845: A strange smell. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Following both Agent 13 and 15, they were led into an elevator once again. But this time, unlike the going up, down, left or right elevator they had seen before, this one took them directly up instead, to the second highest floor on the ship.

It seemed to be a locked floor, as Agent 13 had used a special pass when accessing the elevator; both Mitchell and Muka seemed to be making a note of everything going on. Mainly because there was a chance they could be returning to the ship one day, but not as Allies. Information was key in times of battle.

When the doors opened, an amazingly breathtaking view appeared in front of them. Walking out of the elevator, Jessica and Lucia were the most excited. This place looked like a restaurant with glass panels, and since it was at the peak of the Rein, one could view the whole ship from it.

Looking out, one could see the beautiful sight of the sea, and even a part of the ship could be seen, with people outside enjoying themselves and more. It was a pretty peaceful place, and unfortunately, the more they saw of it, the less some of them felt the need to attack such an area.

"This is where we will be having our meal for the day." 13's words pulled them out of their trance, and they all sat around a large round table.

There was enough room for all of them, but Agents 13 and 15 didn't sit next to each other. Instead, there was a seat left empty. Which they assumed was for whom they would be meeting today, Zero.

"We have been informed that we should go ahead and enjoy a meal without him for now." Agent 13 stated, looking towards the empty seat, and noticing that every one was uneasy for their guest.

The group decided to wait and save their questions for later. After all, they wanted to know about Leo, and to do that, they needed to speak to someone who was here 1000 years ago, whether that be Chris or Zero himself, but it certainly wasn't these unknown faces.

Several staff were assigned in the room, as many as there were people, and they were there to serve each individual person's needs. Giving them drinks and offering snacks.

"We decided to serve alcohol to you all, as we believe that even vampires can taste that, correct?" Agent 13 said.

In a Champagne glass, alcohol was being served to all, and the group found it quite delightful, including Lucia, who wasn't a vampire. It was truly a drink that could be enjoyed by them all.

"Ahh, not that, Minny," Jessica said as she pushed it away.

"Why! That's not fair. Why is everyone else allowed to drink it but not me!" Minny complained.

"Because... because you're still a child. It will affect your body quicker than everyone else's, even if you are a vampire." Jessica explained.

"Huh, but I'm not a child. Peter said that I was older than you!" Minny replied back.

They all knew the situation of Minny after Peter told them about it, but even though 1000 years had passed, Minny's body was still that of a child. In the shadow space, time slowed down to the point as if nothing happened in the real world.

"Please, I promise you can have all the juice boxes that you would like, but not this," Jessica insisted, which seemed to have calmed down Minny a bit. Regardless, she still folded her arms and pouted to show her anger.

"Look at all of this," Lucia commented quietly.

"Isn't Pure the group meant to try to make things equal for everyone? By teaching everyone Qi and ensuring no one has different abilities and such?

"Yet, their treatment when it comes to money, power and other luxuries like this isn't the same."

It seemed like agent 15, who had been quiet this whole time, had managed to hear what Lucia had said. Lucia had to admit, he was a handsome man with straight hair and strong eyebrows. He placed his hand under his chin as he smiled at her.

"You, you're not like the others, are you? I can tell if I was to take a guess judging from the robes you're wearing, you're part of the Graylash family."

"If history serves me right, didn't your ancestors attempt the same thing in the past?"

"To bring equality in the world by giving everyone the power of lightning? And because of it, they have started a whole Civil war!"

Lucia clenched her teeth as she knew about the past of her family. It was an argument used many times against the Graylash family when trying to paint them in a bad light.

"Yes, please deflect the current situation with something that was done in the past," Lucia commented, "If you remember history well, then you should also remember that Owen Graylash also changed his views after that."

"The Civil war simply started due to the disagreement of the way things were run. Owen was also someone who gave his life to the Hero Quinn and more. Yet what did the Pure do while the Dalki were taking over us?"

"You're missing my point," Agent 15 stated.

"As you said, the Graylash family changed, and it is the same for our group as well. The way it's currently set up is because it needs to be this way for the current way of the world."

"But once we can implement our ideals and have a structure in place, we will make it so everyone gets to live the best life they possibly can. Do you think the people below are unhappy?"

Again, Lucia had to bite her lip because, without a doubt, the people here didn't look unhappy at all.

"Please, we should save the political discussions for later." Muka dispersed the argument.

"The ideals are just different. I think neither is wrong or right. We just have different ways, methods and beliefs. There is no point in trying to convince the other. So let's just enjoy ourselves."

Just then, the waiters had returned and placed a plate in front of everyone. Since it had a silver lid over them, they were unable to see their food. However, the smell wafted into their noses when he lifted the lid.

It was a nice steak dinner meal, and for the vampires, the meal was cooked extremely raw; basically blue with it seared a little bit. Peter looked at the meal, and although he could eat it, it wasn't really something that his type was meant to eat, but for now, he would dig into it anyway.

As everyone got on with their meals, there was one that seemed to feel like their food was a bit bland, and in truth, for the vampires, it was, but they knew their guests were just trying to be polite.

"I don't want this, it tastes disgusting!" Minny complained.

"I want my juice. Where is my juice?!"

It was then that agent 13 clicked his fingers. He knew what the juice boxes had inside them and knew what the little girl wanted.

"Not to worry, we have prepared a dessert for everyone. It was just in case our meals today weren't to your liking."

The waiters soon returned, and in their hands, they each had a glass, and the glasses were filled with a red liquid. Everyone instantly knew what it was blood.

When it arrived at the table, Minny looked at it with big eyes. She was delighted at what she was seeing.

However, Muka taking a sniff instantly could tell something was off.

"Stop!" Muka said.

"No one drinks this... it smells similar to human blood, but there's something different about it. What are you thinking of doing to us?" She asked.

The other two were quite surprised by this because, genuinely, they had no clue what she was talking about and just then, a ding echoed in the hall, and the sound of the elevator door opening up came from behind them.

"Is there a problem with my blood?" The man asked as he got off the elevator.

Arriving at the table, he pulled a seat forward. It was undoubtedly none other than Chris, which became obvious from the large number 1 on the back of his white overcoat.