Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1848: Leo and Sera. (Part 1)

At the time the current situation on Earth was that Pure had taken over nearly all of the Shelters. They had secretly taken out the big suits behind the scenes that were in charge of multiple important resources, resources that were needed for human society to function. One such type had factories that dealt with 'Glathrium', one of the strongest materials that existed. Because of this, at the same time, Pure were able to do an attack from within and the outside.

They now controlled the military, the Earthborn group that was once protecting the Shelters and Earth. People had no idea who they were really following, but in the end, all roads led to the one known as Pure, and the one behind it, was none other than Zero.

Because of this, two people had been given a task, a task to slowly reclaim back earth from them. Leo and Sera. Leo was one of the most trustworthy men that Quinn knew and on top of that, he had experience working with the military and plenty of battle tactics.

On the other hand, Sera had connections with plenty of powerful unranked travellers, people who didn't wish to get involved in the Dalki and civil war. In the end, though, they were now all fighting to get their home back.

Even if Quinn had successfully defeated Graham, if there was no home to come back to, then it would be a loss for them all. Which was why Leo's and Sera's task was just as important.

On top of the troops that Sera had, Leo was given the vampire soldiers. Ashley, who led them, Paul's men from before were helping in the fight as well.

After much discussion between the two, Leo quickly found out what Sera was capable of. When looking at a map of the entire Earth and the current shelters, it looked like he already knew the big ones to hit first.

Currently, the two of them were on board one of the Bertha ships. All of their army was ready for combat; it was just a discussion of tactics that was needed for both of them.

"We are outnumbered in this fight." Sera said, putting it simply when we put numbers against numbers.

"If we were just up against Pure, then our numbers would be quite even, but they have managed to control the whole military. I wouldn't be surprised if under their web, they have some Traveller groups as well."

"So we have to think our army will dwindle as we continue on this fight. No matter what, but we have to lessen the amount of people that we are fighting against."

Placing his finger on the map, Sera had pointed to one of the biggest Shelters, and on top of that, it was where one of the Big Five used to own.

"This city here has the biggest Mecha factory that Earth created." Sera explained. "Although they aren't a problem for either of us, I suggest we make one of these places our targets." ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"It stops the people who can't fight from fighting back, and if we hit their resources first, there hold on the people will be lost. That's when it's another game altogether."

Leo was nodding as he heard all of this.

"It also means that these places will be the most guarded as well. It will be the hardest to go against." Leo replied.

"Correct, but we have the element of surprise. If we start fighting back, taking small Shelters here and there one at a time, then they know we'll be coming for them and they have time to prepare.

"Right now, they think we are too distracted by the Dalki war. Sure, we could go the other route, try to build up a resistance to fight back, but we only need to do that if we aren't confident we can take down the big bases."

"I'm confident enough, but for this to work, we need to take out two of them at the same time to have the most impact. So my question is to you, can you do it?" Sera asked,

Leo gripped his sword, and started to walk away from the map.

"I'll get my people ready."

—— —— ——

After the meeting was over, the two biggest cities on Earth that had a play in the Big Five were targeted. Sera would focus on one, while Leo would focus on the other one. The attack had to be coordinated so support couldn't be sent over. They needed to go in with a big blast.

Both of them had the same tactic to start. At first, only one of them would sneak into the city. With plenty of normal citizens, that wasn't hard to do. With the portable teleports that Logan had given them, they just had to turn them on to allow the chaos to begin.

Leo and the vampire soldiers started to attack; they knew which places would be heavily secured. At the same time what could possibly be used against them. Just like Sera said, the attack was quick and swift.

Leo slashed and went from one person to the next not showing any mercy because he knew that if he allowed them to live, then it meant an ally dying. There was also the chance for them to use someone against him.

They continued forward and Leo had entered some type of base. This was the manufacturing plant where all the Glathrium was made. Entering the main factory, he was there alone.

There were mechanical parts being used to shape and cut the Glathrium. They used Glathrium drills to cut other pieces of Glathrium since it was the easiest material to use on itself. Standing there in front of him were Agents with numbers 16, and 17 on their coats.

"Oh, the Blind Swordsman!"Agent 17 Said. "We have heard a lot about you. Some of us have even seen videos about you. You seem to be quite skilled, but let's see if you can match up to us."

Immediately, the two of them started to shake all over and their bodies began to turn red.

"I have seen this before... It was the same as Chris. Their bodies will be almost twice as strong as they were before."

The next second, both of them dashed toward Leo. Leo pulled out a red colored blade and swiped it in a single motion. He had parried the sword of Agent 17, knocking it back with his own Qi, and then hit the blade of agent 16 as well.

As soon as they were knocked back, with his other hand, Leo swiped it across their chest with his fingers pointed. It was just his bare hand, there was no weapon in it, but he still had drawn blood from the other.

Out of anger, agent 16 started to attack again, but Leo was able to use his hand to deflect his sword and then with the other hand, he twirled it around, redirecting its attack to the ground. Now that his back was turned, Leo used his free arm to stab right through 17's back.

"You both have strong Qi. You have trained well, but I can see your movements with my abilities. I can combine my Qi with my blood powers. I carry more weight in my responsibilities compared to you." Leo said.

Pulling his hand out, it looked like agent 17 was dead. Agent 16 in a rage started to swing widely and Leo continued to deflect it with his hand rather than his blood weapon. It was then that he rolled forward out of the way and placed blood that was on his hand on the sword itself.

"This sword is also something I need to get used to." Leo said, as he swung it, a slash of blood aura had been made.

Seeing this, 16 had gathered his own Qi and was ready to block it, but with the momentum of Leo's hand, he was able to split the blood slash into five smaller pieces. His red sword glowed while doing so and the five smaller attacks had gone around 16's attack.

The qi slash continued forward, but Leo was able to block it with a swipe of his sword, meanwhile his own blood attack that had split into five pieces had rejoined, coming back together, and went right through Agent 16, splitting him in half.

"I hope you both have peace in your next life." Leo said.

After the task was done, Leo went to check up on Sera. He had also completed his end of the deal. From there, they moved quickly. There was no rest for either of them as they moved to take out the next large targets again and again, but there was no sign of Chris or Zero. What they needed was a lead... and they soon got it.