Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1852: Students Clash. (Part 2)

It looked like Zero was done with talking, as he no longer said any words and instead drew out his sword from his strange colored sheath. The sheath itself was white in colour with several purple spots scattered all over it and when pulling out the blade itself, it had a similar design.

Random purple spots were all over the sword, but both Sera and Leo weren't able to see it for long, because Zero had used it instantly to throw out a large strike of energy. Unlike usual Qi strikes, where one would see a line of aura leave the sword, with Zero there was none of this.

Following his sword, the part of the sea that was in front of him looked to have split in half. Two large walls of water had been created and the land leading up to the island could be seen. Even though the strike couldn't be seen, Sera was ready as he pulled out a round shield, one that looked fairly ancient and beaten up with several dents and brown in colour.

He stood there and dug the shield into the ground, it changed shape turning into what looked like a door, covering both him and Leo behind him. The attack clashed against the shield and a large dent was made, but the attack didn't go through.

"His attack dented this thing... oh well, I have plenty more shields that I can use, but you were right about this not being an easy fight." Sera said.

Sensing that something was now above them, Leo had his blade drawn out and spun around, swinging it, clashing against another weapon. Two hooks looked to be gripping underneath his sword and before he knew it, his whole body was being lifted into the air.

It was a sudden great strike that Leo was unprepared for, to even fight against. When using his ability and sensing the energies, he could tell that Zero had just landed on the beach. Which meant the one that had attacked him right now, and was in the air with him, was Chris.

"I'm sorry, but it looks like this time, we're actually going to have to fight against each other!" Chris shouted, as he lifted his two shark tooth looking weapons that could extend and retract. They were similar to the ones that Chris had before, although these looked different as they were blue in colour, and the ends looked sharper and stronger as well.

Lifting both his arms, Leo was dragged through the air, and then thrown like a whip, back down to the island. Of course Leo could have let go, but he refused to let go of his weapon. A loud crash was heard on the island and a few trees were seen falling. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Throwing out one of his weapons again and extending it, the shark tooth end had touched the ground. Next, retracting the weapon and shortening it, Chris was able to safely pull himself to the ground.

The second he had landed though, a large slash of red aura had hit Chris. It had come out too fast for him to defend against and landed right across his chest pushing him back. Using the weapons he stopped himself from being blown away.

"Now that's some power." Chris commented looking at his chest, which had a shallow scar on it. It had been a long time since he had last been injured. More than anyone in Pure, Chris trained his body and his second stage Qi to its limit.

It was safe to say, in terms of Qi, he had the strongest defense there was on his natural body, yet here he was getting hurt.

"You're not the one that I need to face!" Leo shouted, walking on the ground, and swinging his sword again creating another large red blood strike.

This time, Chris was ready to block it with his weapons, using them to create an X shape with both of them. Feeling the strength of the attack from before he knew he would need both, but something strange happened.

Leo's weapon lit up red and the red strike had split. It went around him completely, joining together again into a large strike and had gone straight towards his back. It was a large hit that sent Chris toward Leo, who charged forward.

Seeing this, Chris went to swing his weapon but could suddenly feel that his arms were being dragged a certain direction away from Leo. That was because he was using his soul weapon to redirect the attack.

Swinging his red sword, the strike had hit Chris's shoulder and had gone a couple inches deep before it stopped. Leo could feel he was battling against an immense amount of Qi, so he was unable to go deeper, but the great force and strength still sent Chris skidding across the ground.

"This is his best student?" Leo asked. "The best that Zero could teach, the best of the best?"

When Chris finally stopped, his entire body was starting to turn red. His skin, his face, everything. All of the power and strength inside him was coming out. This was Pure's secret weapon. The type of soul weapon that those from Pure had learned.

"I wouldn't have expected anything less from you!" Chris said.

"I thought had gotten good enough to beat you without using this, but it looks like I wasn't the only one that was improving."

Charging in, Chris ran forward with both of his weapons over his head. He was faster than before, and the Qi covering his body and being used in him was causing him to be beyond superhuman.

It was then that Leo had done something that seemed strange, he had placed his blade back in its sheath. Chris took notice of this but didn't worry as he continued forward and swung both of his weapons down.

At the right moment, Leo took one step forward and pulled with all his strength the blade out of his sheath as fast as he could. It came out with such a large force of red energy that the sword looked like it was getting wider as it went through the air.

A solid red form of energy was following Leo's sword. It touched the weapons in Chris's hands, and had gone right through them like butter, breaking them in an instant. Parts of his blade fell to the floor, and as soon as Chris's body touched the red aura, he could feel it slicing through his skin right now.

Warm blood was falling from his chest. "Am I going to die... the fight didn't even last long. How did he manage to grow so strong so quickly?"

"I still remember the last time I met him. What have you done that I haven't done?"

"I trained.. I trained every day, every second to improve myself and my body, so why is there such a large gap between us now compared to then? Am I weak?" Chris thought.

As he fell onto the ground he saw Leo's face. "No... I'm not weak, I should at least know that of all people. He is just that strong."

Lying on the floor, Chris could tell that the wound across his chest was quite deep, but with Qi he could use it to activate his cells in order to heal, himself a bit more, and he had plenty of it. However, for him the fight was over. He knew he was outmatched.

"It looks like you won after all this time. You were the better student after all." Chris said, his voice a bit shaky. Before he knew it, his eyes were tearing up. He was crying but he didn't know why.

"I'm at least happy, that I lost to you, and that you are the one that gets to finish me off." Chris said, closing his eyes, accepting death.

"You are just a lost person." Leo stated. "And I can also tell that you are someone who doesn't have a bad bone in his body. I may be blind, but that allows me to see more than the person who is actually in front of me."

"There is a lot I can tell from the way you speak and how your aura reacts. You can still change, you can still make a difference."

Leo then looked over in another direction.

"Unfortunately for him, it's a lost cause."