Chapter 1855: A second chance.

It has been more than a year since the fight on that island and the last time Chris saw Zero. In fact, Chris had come to somewhat enjoy his life while travelling with Leo. Although he had just been helping the latter and going along with him with no real purpose of his own, there was also no pressure from the latter unlike it used to be from the person who was now standing in front of him, Zero.

In recent months, Chris has also enjoyed using his abilities to help others. At every shelter or new location, there was always someone in need, and Chris was able to help them on a personal level using his power. The reaction on their faces always warmed Chris' heart.

It was much better than the days when he had to order around a bunch of subordinates to handle everything and only stepped on the field when they needed his strength. However, in the past year, he never forgot about Zero.

Those many years he had spent training under him were impossible to put behind and forget, and he knew that this day would come when he would stand in front of his old master once again. It was just that he didn't expect to meet the latter out of nowhere, in the middle of this street.

"Can you spare some time and have a chat with me? I was waiting until you separated from him." Zero asked, not looking in his direction and pretending he was going through the items displayed in the street stall.

"When you say him, I'm assuming you are talking about Leo." Chris replied. He too wasn't looking at Zero, and was fumbling through the shop's stuff.

"I thought when we meet again next time, you will challenge him yourself. And what do you have to do with me? I thought you didn't even know I was alive."

Zero scoffed at that comment like Chris was a fool.

"You really think that was the case? I could sense your energy, your fights, and I know there is a lot in you. Besides, I also know Leo better than anyone, he would have never done anything like that."

"Anyway, I would like to talk to you in private, would you at least give me that? It's important to me. You're important to me."

Although Chris thought he had managed to get rid of all attachment to this person, these words seemed to draw him in. He wanted to believe it was true, even though he was pretty sure they weren't.

However, in the end, Chris agreed to go off with Zero and both of them left the busy street. He wasn't too worried either since there was a trick that Chris could do that would always bring Leo to him, and it was to just extend his Qi aura.

The only problem was that others who could sense Qi, tended to react to it as well. Nevertheless, it was a good backup. Leaving the market, they walked through a large meadow of green grass, and not far into the meadow was a large hill with a tree at the top.

They soon reached there, and Chris sat down. Then Zero did the same while looking out.

"I'm sorry, Chris." Zero's first words came out as a big surprise.

"You might be surprised by these words, but the reason why I am saying this is that I haven't exactly been telling you the truth. But I think it's because I have realised that I never wanted you to kill Leo."

For a second, Chris wondered if the person next to him was really Zero. It felt like he was talking to two completely different people because the Zero he knew before would have never said anything like this.

"I realised that I was lying to myself. And even when I got the power to fight, I still relied on you, and the truth is, it was because I couldn't do it."

"I couldn't kill one of my own students. Not when I had already lost them all."

"So you're saying I was just raised to do your dirty work?" Chris asked, clenching the grass blades. He had activated a bit of his Qi, and the grass around it had been pushed away, slicing and floating off in the wind.

"The goal has changed, Chris, from what it originally was, and I'm more determined than before to see its end." Zero spoke with determination.

"The members of Pure, the high ranking numbers, I have been gathering them again. Teaching them the ways of the Qi and making them stronger than before."

"We still have the info on how to make the Hybrid beasts. We still have information that has been gathered from other places and more. We can not only make others better but you as well. We can still complete this all together." Zero then put out his hand as if he was looking for a handshake.

Chris glanced at it for a second, but his whole body was shaking. He didn't even know what the current goal was. If it wasn't to get rid of Leo, then what was it? Either way, to go back to the life he had before or keep the current one, to Chris, the answer was a no-brainer with what he wanted to do.

"Zero, you're not the only one in my life anymore. I have a lot more choices to make and my own life that I now follow." With that said, Chris stood up and began walking away.

"What? You think that's it?" Zero said out loud.

"Have you forgotten everything I did for you? So did you repay me? Well, fine, but I know when Leo dies and you don't have anyone else, you will come back to me and listen to me again."

There were a lot of questions that Chris had in his head as he walked away. First, to ask Zero about his current goal, why he had changed his stance on Leo and what he wanted to do with him. Regardless, if he asked these questions, he would only be dragged deeper into Zero's plans and trap, which he wanted to avoid. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

It didn't take long for Chris to get back to the busy street he once was at. Every once in a while, Chris would check to see if Zero was following him, but the latter was nowhere to be found. Honestly, he was quite surprised that Zero could come out of the blue like that already, without him noticing. Although Chris didn't have the same ability as Leo, sensing Qi was still something he could do, just not to the same level of detail.

"Your mind seems full." A voice said.

Turning around, Chris could see he had just walked straight past Leo.

"I guess you're right." Chris scratched the top of his head. "Sorry, I'm just thinking about a lot of things, and seriously I'm still confused about how you can see better than everyone out there who has eyes."

"What did you do?" Leo asked.

"I just went to get some fresh air, I was… thinking about the past again, You know how I get when that happens." Chris gave an excuse and wanted to quickly change the subject. "Anyway, what about you? Did you solve your little vampire problem?"

Leo smiled.

"I did better. I have a lead on one of our targets."

Chris inwardly gulped upon hearing this, wondering if Leo had caught onto the fact that Zero was in this Shelter. What would they do then? Chris just wanted to avoid a confrontation between the two from ever happening again.

"It leads to the infamous Vampire Slayer," Leo added.

Chris let out a large sigh of relief. He was worried there for a second. He did think of telling Leo the truth, but knowing how obsessive Leo was, he would have stopped everything they were doing just to chase down Zero, and currently, they couldn't do that.

"It looks like our luck is turning around." Chris then replied, "So what are we going to do now?"

"We are waiting for someone. She will join us on the rest of the trip and take us to the last location the Vampire Slayer was seen, and we will go from there." Leo explained. "Oh, she's here."

Looking up, Chris saw one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen. He had never seen a face so stunning. She stood there next to Leo, confirming they had the right person.

"Chris, I would like you to meet Silver."