Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1858: The legendary Blind swordsman. (Part 2)

Rolling off from the platform, there were three in total. Two females, one of them being Erin, and one male. All of them were holding swords. Katana-like blades that were similar to what Leo would use.

— How was I unable to sense them until now? Were they able to suppress it... has Erin finally been able to master how to suppress her aura, even that of the urge inside her. — Leo thought.

For a second, there was hope, but that hope was quickly dashed when he started to use his head more, rather than his heart. For one, there were three of them, if Erin wished to talk, she would have just had a one to one with him.

Sure she had done unforgivable things, but he believed that the relationship between the two of them was strong enough that she could reach out to him. The next fact was that she had appeared here, in front of the vampires, and it could mean that she had to be after them.

Lastly, the biggest thing, and the most hurtful fact, was that the two that were by Erin's side had the same energy as her. They were dhampirs.

— Take the vampires and get them out of here! — Leo ordered taking charge.

The vampire soldier nodded, as he agreed and asked everyone to follow him. It was at that moment that Erin used her large sword, the Demon tier weapon that she had on her, and pointed it toward the group of people.

One of the rings on the sword started to light up, and the next second a large ice tunnel was shot their way. Leo knew the strength of the demon tier weapon well and even though he had evolved, he wasn't sure with his Qi and vampire aura it was enough to stop such an attack.

Instead, looking up, Leo had slashed his blade at the ceiling a few times, and a large chunk of it fell. The ice tunnel hit the giant metal rectangle and had frozen it completely. However, in doing so, it had stopped the tunnel from getting any longer.

— Erin, we don't have to do this, we can talk! — Leo shouted, and charged forward. He had to be on the move. He knew this fight wouldn't, most likely, be stopped by talking, at least not until one of them was beaten.

At the same time, since the ice tunnel skill had been used by the sword, it meant the skill was now on cool down before it could be used again. It was his chance to attack.

While Leo had run forward, jumping over the large ice block that had been created was another female with blonde hair. She landed on her feet and without wasting any time charged forward.

Silver saw this, and threw needles towards the ground in all different areas. As she did, strings were attached to them and had caused small cuts to appear on the back of the girl's leg. Then pulling out her own blade, Silver stood there.

It looked like her attacker had stopped, as she now realized that she was trapped in a web of strings. If she was to move forward, back, or to the side then cuts would appear all over her body, and forcing herself through was a risky move.

— I will get rid of the threats that are harming my people! — Silver shouted, as she threw her sword forward, filled with red aura, making the end bigger and sharper than it surely would have normally been.

As the sword was about to reach her, her eyes started to glow in a bright yellow color. The strings were vibrating due to the energy they could feel from the female.

Using her sword, she spun and sliced at all the strings around her, hitting them at the perfect time and only receiving a small cut along her cheek in the process. After doing a three hundred and sixty degree spin, from above her head she swung down her blade hitting Silver's sword head on.

It was then, that the red aura started to break. Naturally, a dhampir's aura was stronger than a vampires. Her sword was flung back but it was attached with a piece of string, so Silver was able to move it about and swing it so it was now attacking the dhampir from another angle.

— I will not give up just because I know what you are! — Silver shouted as she continued her relentless attack. By now the vampire soldier and the rest of the vampires had escaped, allowing everyone to fight with a peaceful mind.

Standing in front of Chris, was the third dhampir, the male dhampir. Now that the others were gone, Chris had taken off his mask and thrown it on the floor. No longer did he need to hide his identity, because the ones they were looking for were right here.

— You are not a vampire, so I do not wish to hurt you.— The male dhampir claimed.

— Oh, really? — Chris replied. — Do you see that one over there that is fighting? I plan to help him, so do you plan to stop me?

The man seemed hesitant for a while, until he had finally given his answer. — Yes.

The second he had given his answer, Chris was in front of him and had used his large hand to grab the dhampir by his head.

— I'm afraid, I can't let that happen.

Reading on All no vel full. com ,Please!

With Chris touching his opponent, using the third stage of Qi and his Qi control, he summoned it up in his body and into the person he was holding. The next step was easy after that, directing all of his power straight to his head.

Blood dripped from his nose, his ears, and his eyeballs. Dropping him, he fell to the floor and Chris had killed him in seconds.

— I don't want to lose the only person I have now, — Chris stated, as he looked at Leo. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Erin had switched from her large blade to her small katana blade, and began swinging it, releasing yellow lines of aura straight toward Leo. Rather than using his own blood strikes to try and attack, he covered his sword in the second stage of Qi, mixing it with the blood aura as well.

Although the two substances didn't mix well, one could find a sweet spot, a perfect balance to make it far stronger than if one was to use one or the other. Leo had actually learned this from a student of his own.

Leo swung his blade, destroying the slashes of aura coming his way one after another, a strike diagonally, a strike above, a spinning strike taking out two of them at the same time. Inching his way closer and closer.

Every time Leo's sword would hit the yellow aura, it would break it in seconds.

— What has happened to you! — Leo said. — Your power has grown stronger, I can feel it, but now all you're doing is relying on your power and not your skill! It seems like I didn't teach you well enough.

Noticing that her attacks weren't working, it was time for a change of tactics. The sword was placed back in her sheath and the large demon tier weapon was brought out again. One of the rings lit up, and a high pitched shriek was heard coming from the weapon.

Leo could see that his weapon was starting to freeze over. Concentrating, he needed to make sure that his second stage of Qi was strong enough to fight off the Demon tier's power. However, that was only the first part in Erin's attack.

Twisting the hilt, the sword started to emit heat rather than cold. The three rings on the weapon were able to be used again. Her sword was pointed straight towards Leo and was ready to burn him to a crisp.

Knowing what her plan was, Leo threw out a large single strike, a large slash of red aura. However, Erin could see that it wasn't on target and was a desperate move. Due to the freezing of the weapon, it was hard for Leo to aim properly and she knew that, but she knew nothing about his new weapon.

Spitting out from his mouth, a strange red liquid went over his sword, and it began to glow red. The blood in Leo's mouth was human blood, a hidden capsule to pop when he needed it. With the blood weapon activated, Leo could use it to control his strike.

It broke up into several pieces and moved straight towards Erin's blade just before the attack had been activated. It had hit the sword as the fire tunnel was to be fired, but of course, it missed Leo completely and burned the entire floor as it went off the spaceship Park.

— I guess it's time for the teacher to show his pupil why they still need him, — Leo stated.