Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1860: The Legendary Blind swordsman. (Part 4)

This time, the Tunnel of flames which Erin had produced was massive. It touched the ground, the ceiling, and the side and was almost like a huge wall that was coming forward to swallow Silver, and because of this, she knew she had nowhere to run.

At the same time, although the attack was called a tunnel strike, it wasn't that at all. It was more like a solid pillar of flames was coming right towards her, and there was no escaping this. Ultimately, she did what she could, gathered all her aura, and hoped for the best.

Seeing this, Leo didn't hesitate, and while his mind raced with several thoughts, he moved immediately from his spot, straight towards the flames.

— What have I done? I don't usually act like this. — Leo thought.

— I know the risks. I knew what Erin could have possibly become, so then why didn't I just finish her off when I had the chance? Why did I try to teach her like it was a lesson? Why was I foolish to think she could still return to the way she was?

— And now, because of that, someone I deeply care about as well is about to get hurt, but I will not let this happen.

Immediately, Leo gathered all the Qi on his right leg. It was too much for his leg to handle, but he didn't care. And the moment his leg touched the ground again, it burst with power and broke part of the surface beneath him. At the same time, the skin over his entire calf muscles ripped apart, and blood trickled out.

The balance that Leo had previously perfected, he ignored all his own rules at this point. He didn't care if he couldn't walk after this. He just needed to reach the flames before they reached Silver. And in the next moment, Leo's chest began to slow as he summoned his soul weapon.

— I haven't been able to perfect this just yet, and I certainly have never used this on an attack this powerful, but it has to work.

Using his ability and soul weapon, Leo could change the flow of his opponents energy to r change the direction of their attack to deflect it. The stronger the enemy's attack, the more MC cells he needed to use his ability.

However, he had recently been trying to not just change the direction of certain attacks, such as movements, but also the flow of energy in the MC cells as well.

Using everything he could, Leo now was planning to do just that.

— Move to the right! — He shouted.

Silver did as she was told and ran as fast as she could. It was then that Leo drew the fire and could see it deflect slightly, but it wouldn't be enough.

— Moving it away in a different direction will take too many MC cells, and then I won't have any left. But if I move it toward myself, that requires less and less control. So I just have to do that. — Leo thought.

He continued to move towards the flames and changed it toward himself rather than away. And as he did, the Tunnel had a drastic change. Leo then thrust his sword forward and gathered his blood aura, his Qi, and everything he had to clash against the attack.

He was twirling the flames around his sword while using every ounce of energy to get rid of the flames as much as possible. However, this didn't seem like it would be enough. but he soon started to get some outside help, as Chris was choking out his third stage of Qi as much as possible to help Leo get rid of the flames.

It finally looked like his plan was working out, as the flames from the demon tier weapon were decreasing with every passing moment, and, eventually, the Tunnel was about to come to a halt.

— You fool! — Suddenly, A voice in Leo's head shouted. It was Ovnick, Leo's familiar. — You used up all of your Qi! I told you we need that... now I'm afraid I can't help you stop this one.

Leo was confused about what the familiar was talking about when he soon felt a sharp pain right through his back. The flames were no more, but looking down, he saw a tip of a katana-like blade, covered in his blood coming out of his stomach.

Erin had attacked him from behind!

Read on www.Allno vel full. com , Please!

At the same time, she also added Qi to this attack. Since Leo used it all on his spirit weapon to get rid of the flames as he ran as fast as he could to where Silver was, which meant that his vampire healing ability was now ineffective.

Pulling the blade out, Erin jumped back and switched to her Demon tier weapon.

— LEO! — Two people screamed at the same time.

They were Chris and Silver, and both of them panicked when they saw the destroyed leg that Leo could barely stand on, a severe wound that wouldn't stop bleeding.

It was the weakest that either of them had ever seen Leo at, and of course, the two of them would help no matter how they could.

But just then, the third ring on Erin's demon tier weapon lit up. This was a skill she had yet to use. With the click of her weapon, a giant ice wall instantly formed, blocking the side that Chris and Silver were on. She then twisted the handle and activated the other demon tier weapons trait, and instantly, the attachment type changed her blade to now have flame properties, and each of the skills was on a different cool down compared to the ice part of the weapon.

The third ring lit up again, and as soon as she slashed out her sword once again, a large flame wall appeared.

Chris didn't care and was ready to throw a punch at the ice wall to break through.

— No! — Zero shouted. — I do not want to lose you as well in this fight! This wall will redirect any attack you use, the only thing you can do is to wait for it to disappear. Then we can charge in and attack.

— You think this wall can hold me back?! — Chris shouted as he went to throw out a fist again. However, this time, Zero stood in front of Chris and used his own Qi to grab his fist before it could hit the wall.

Just then, Leo shouted from the other side of the wall.

— DON'T YOU DARE DIE! I am saying this to both of you. You both must get away from here and live!

Just when he had finished his words, Erin charged forward and once again stabbed Leo in the stomach. He grunted in pain as his hands felt weak, and he dropped the blade to the ground.

— Run! Please, I wish both of you... live a good life. — Leo tried to get a hold of himself and grabbed the sword with both hands, stopping it from going in any further. — Don't make the same mistake I did.

He sensed he could still use a flicker of his ability, and he could see the energy in front of him had not flickered for even a moment as she tried to kill him. In his last moments, this showed that even after all the time that they had spent together, Erin didn't care for him a single bit.

She used her strength to pull the blade and instantly sliced Leo's hands up. Blood sprinkled on the ground, and he fell to his knees.

— With this, I have finally completed my revenge, but this is only the beginning, — Erin shouted. At that moment, both the walls went down the flames and the Ice. And when Chris and Silver saw Leo's state, they were too stunned to even act.

— Obey Leo's wishes, get out of here and live. His death hurts me just as much as it does you, but I promise, if all works out, we will see Leo once again someday. — Zero vowed. At that moment, Chris was hesitant. He could see Leo right there, and with the help of third stage Qi, maybe he could do something, but how will he stop her? Erin looked in a powerful state, and as for Leo... he was on his dying breath.

Chris was conflicted with all the thoughts he had in his head, but it was too late by the time he made up his mind as he saw Erin stab her blade right through the top of his head, and it pierced right through Leo's heart.

After a moment, Silver's face paled as she could no longer hear his heartbeat.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience