Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿1865 BB power

The Mermerial race was a race that traversed multiple planets, however all of the planets followed one leader, and news soon spread to all the other planets that the civil war that was going on between those known as the Predators and the old royal family had come to an end.

However, there were stories that were being spread about the appearance of the Mermerial god known as Yongu, and how another god had made him bow down. How the princess Wince had managed to get such a powerful god on her side, no one really knew, but that didn't stop rumors from being spread around.

Some were bad, stating that Wince seduced him with her looks, others thought that a deal was made that the Mermerial race would have to pay back in the future, while others were more tame.

The name BB was being spread around, as the name was pronounced out of the god Yongu's mouth himself. A god that actually came when there were troubles to right the wrongs of the world.

"Are you sure that's his name, the god BB. I mean, that doesn't really sound very menacing, does it?"

"The princess trusts him and so should we, but at the end of the day, what does a name matter?"

"Well, a name is spread far and wide. If a god has a fierce name, then they are more likely to respect him, without having the need for him to fight. Imagine if we didn't know of this before, and someone said the god BB is coming to attack, people would just laugh."

"Although what you say is true, perhaps that is because we don't know his name. Menacing names are created, rather than given. I'm pretty sure, the name of BB, might be spread far and wide in the universe in the future."

The main city that had been risen from the seafloor to the surface on a large block of ice had been kept floating on the water. The Hydro stations that had been there had mostly been destroyed, and it would be a while until they were repaired. At the same time, the Princess Wince wanted a place where Quinn could visit the city whenever he wished.

Since he had a fear of water, she believed this was the best thing to do. The city had mostly been rebuilt quite quickly. The Mermerials were a hard working race, and the royal army that had been captured and treated as slaves, as well as items from the Royal vault, had been used to rebuild the city.

Currently, Quinn, Sil, Wince, Yanny and Yongu were all in the same room in the Royal place. It was an office that was used to listen to the Councillor's and more. The Dalki had gone to stay with Nog for a while, on the request of Quinn.

He stated that he might need his help, and at first it didn't look like Dogthu would accept, but he said that he would but would like to meet him before he left, so the two of them could talk a bit more.

Dogthu, finding out that Quinn was some type of god, thought that it was certainly interesting.

In the Royal room, Yanny was standing behind Yongu silently, not saying a word.

In fact, he hadn't spoken much at all since his defeat from the princess and his plan had failed. It was almost as if he didn't have permission to speak unless he was spoken to.

"The city has been rebuilt, and reclaimed back thanks to your help Quinn, and of course you as well Yongu, you have helped out the people in these tough times." Wince explained. When looking at Yanny, she couldn't look at him longer than three seconds.

She still had the image of one of the predators killing her dear sister. Honestly she wanted to execute him on the spot, but she knew it was better to keep him alive, especially since Yongu was now working with them.

"I have called you all because Quinn, I know you will be leaving soon, Yongu has told me that the preparations to send you back to earth has been completed and as promised I wanted to give you an item from our Royal vault." Wince suggested.

Both Quinn and Sil looked at each other, because they had a conversation before about what to ask for, and it was sure to be a tough ask.

Holding up his hand Quinn started to speak.

"There is no need to bring out the items, I only have two requests. When asking about these things, I want you to know that both of them you can decline, do not accept just because I was the one that asked you.

"Out of all the items, we would like to have the trident. We understand that it originally belonged to your father, but it was a Royal vault item so we hope that is acceptable."

There was a pause from Wince for a few seconds, and without saying anything she had left the room, making it awkward for the rest. A few moments later the spear was in her hand. Walking over, she didn't hand it to Quinn though, she had handed it to Sil instead.

"I accept your request. Not just because I am indebted to you, but because I can tell. It tells me that it is better in your hands than mine." Wince smiled.

Sil, took the trident and placed it in his portal space, but of course he felt awkward. Before arriving, he and Quinn had talked about what to say. Sil had told Quinn that he really wanted the trident back, it was one of his favorite weapons and Wince didn't know how to use half the functions and draw out its power like he did.

Quinn had come up with a plan, but the real question was, would Sil have to tell the Princess the truth, that he was the one that had killed her father.

"Don't bring it up." was Quinn's answer. "In her mind, she has avenged her father. Beaten the one that had killed him. In a way, Yanny's life is in her hands. So telling her the truth will only upset her. Let her enjoy this moment."

It was hard to Say whether or not Sil agreed with it or not, but it was mainly because he would carry this burden with him, like many he had done during his years of traveling. In the end, he agreed to what Quinn had suggested because he didn't want to be selfish. There was such a sweet smile on Wince's face.

"And what is the second request?" Wince asked.

Quinn stood up from where he was, and for a second, Yongu flinched, his hand moved and was shaking slightly. His tentacles that covered his face were shaking.

"I would like to keep in contact with you and still be a part of all of this. One day, there might be a time when I need your help, maybe even something small as locating someone. In return though, I will give you some of my power." Quinn said, looking at his hand.

"Your…power..the power of the God BB!" Wince's eyes lit up, as she was excited more than anything.

"Please…don't call me that," Quinn replied.

"You can't BB!" Yongu stood up, but immediately, sat down and bowed his head. "I mean I would advise against you doing that BB. I am assuming wish to make her a dedicated follower. If that is the case then that means you will have someone that is not even in your territory.

"I am not the only god that governs this galaxy, or solar system. Some might even think you are trying to spread your influence by creating dedicated followers everywhere."

Quinn looked toward Yongu which made him flinch again, Yongu found it hard to look into Quinn's eyes.

"I assume you are the strongest god of this galaxy, am I correct?" Quinn asked.

Yongu nodded his head.

"Then there won't be a problem. The celestials can think what they want, but I have upset the balance in this place, the least I can do is take responsibility to help protect it. Of course, Yongu, you will be the first line of defense, correct?"

"Of course!" Yongu answered, hoping that a day like that would never have to come.

"So what do you say?" Quinn asked.

Immediately, the princess got down on one knee.

"I accept to be your dedicated follower."

Nervous and not wanting to say anything anymore, Yongu felt like he was in a difficult situation. He would try to keep this under wraps as much as possible, but if others found out about it, once again the Celestial known as BB would be causing an uproar, one that would involve the ancient ones no matter what.

*****

My Werewolf System Webtoon is out!. You can read now in the BILI BILI COMICS APP. Weekly Webtoon chapters. Check it out, help it grow, and there might be news of an official My Vampire System webtoon someday.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience