Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿1869 Re: Return of a legend (Part 1)

Several different departments were working through the Pure's ship, Rein, all for the sake of defeating the enemy that might come in the future.

These departments were hidden from the eyes of the public, giving the inhabitants a false picture of peaceful utopia, and even in cases of a scuffle with other factions, Pure would always try its best to show that they weren't the ones that would attack first.

They still displayed some things like a strong military and the Qi guns, but not all things were on display, such as the Humanoid beasts.

What they were witnessing right now in front of them was another device that was purely made for combat and to fight off, mainly the vampire corps, that didn't have much of an answer for Qi attacks.

"Let me deal with this!" Chris said as he stood forward. His arms grew slightly larger, and grey fur started to appear on the top of them both. His hands began to elongate, and his fingers turned into claws, while his eyes began to turn a slight yellow.

The large blast came straight out of the canon and destroyed anything it touched, including the humanoid beasts that were in its path. It almost looked like it disintegrated their bodies.

Gathering his own energy, Chris placed out his hands and began to absorb the energy in. The skin on his hands began to peel off but instantly regenerated after the attack hit him. This was all despite the Qi he was using to push the attack back.

"I wasn't expecting this," Lucia commented. "From what I have seen, Chris has an enormous amount of Qi, so why would he be affected so much by a Qi canon?"

"If you guys were hit by this, it would really hurt, maybe the Wight could get away unscathed, but I'm not too sure," Chris replied and continued to grunt while fighting off the energy.

At the same time, there were a few others who also joined the fray and began fighting against the beasts that were coming toward them.

"If the Qi enters your body, then it will make it hard for you to heal unless you have good control. Even then, this Qi is different because the Qi from the canon..."

At that moment, the attacks from the cannon had stopped, and a thud was heard as the large device was dropped to the ground, but they could see that the two who had used the cannon had also fallen to the ground.

"The energy the canon uses is life force Qi," Chris gritted his teeth in anger.

These people were willingly giving up their lives for Pure, all because they believed that they were accomplishing a goal, a lie they had been sold from their leader Zero, and none of it was true.

The Qi canon could draw out the life energy Qi, and it would usually come out when one was on its last legs when they had used up all their own Qi and were desperate.

There were, however, a few instances where one could control this life Qi at other times, and that was using the Qi drain skill and using the Qi transfer skill. However, no one had figured out the way to use them in battle until unique weapons such as these cannons were created and could do that very thing.

Chris didn't really know how they worked due to Agent Four being behind all of the workings of the weapons and devices that they had created. He was a true genius, which was even more worrying for Chris when he thought about where Agent Four could have taken the red heart and just what Zero was planning on doing with it.

The group were already dealing with the crazy humanoid beasts, and for some reason, they were only attacking them rather than those from Pure. Their troubles weren't over yet, though, because as soon as the Qi canon dropped to the floor, everyone else opened fire from their Qi guns.

The guns worked similar to the canon, only it was standard Qi rather than life force Qi, which was the most devastating type of Qi to be used in an attack.

Chris didn't wish to give them a chance to get the cannon up again, so he leapt over to the other side as fast as he could and lifted the Qi canon above his head. He then pulled it down and bashed it into his knee, breaking it in half.

The Qi bullets continued to hit Chris's body, but they appeared to do nothing to him as he looked at them all.

"Chris, stand down, why are you attacking us!" One of the men shouted while pointing the gun at him.

For a second, as he heard this, Chris was hesitant to attack them. These were his people. He had trained with them side by side, he knew their lives, and he knew they had families as well. Clenching his fist, it was then that he made a choice.

"There are two more areas you need to destroy!" Chris shouted. "In the military training room, there is a base, underground, that works on these weapons. Then, if you go to the top of the deck, there is an under compartment; there, they have a cell where they keep all the slaves. They are fed and trained only so Zero can take their Qi."

Muka and the others were wondering why Chris was telling them this. There had to be a reason, it sounded almost as if he wasn't going to come with them.

"I'm asking you all for another favour as well. If you can help it, don't kill these people, let me deal with them." It was then that Chris placed his hand on one of their heads, and their eyes went white just like they did before, only this time, they had passed out. There was no blood.

Doing this required more direct control over Qi, unlike the attack he did before, so he would have to go up to them one by one and put his palm over their heads.

"It looks like he is planning to knock them all out one by one. That is a tall task if he's planning to do that to everyone on the ship." Muka commented. "I guess he is going to be the distraction while we deal with the main task."

"Then let's deal with all of these things first!" Lucia shouted as she thrust her spear, and a bolt of red lighting came out, hitting one of the flying creatures above and sending it to the ground.

There were still a lot of Humanoid beasts, and they weren't the easiest things to take on. However, there was one that was going through them reactively easy.

Peter grabbed one of the beasts and pulled its head, slamming it against the floor.

The next moment he dragged it across, causing its head to rip off, and then threw the remains of its body towards another beast, knocking it out. Not resting or wasting any time, Peter was already onto the next beast.

"Arghh! This is frustrating!" Peter shouted. "There's too many of them, screw this!"

He activated his celestial energy, but instead of transforming his arms, he brought out his head tail. The current situation reminded him very much of fighting against the Horde of beasts that had attacked the Vampire Corps, only this time, he knew how to use his new weapon better.

With two hands and a sharp head tail, he easily sliced and cut a number of beasts until eventually there were no longer any more for them to deal with.

"Alright, we're done here," Peter said. "Now, let's destroy those places Chris asked us to and get out of here."VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Meanwhile, it looked like Chris was done as well. He had caused the enemies at the scene to collapse, but he didn't plan to travel with the others because he knew there would be more coming as they manoeuvred around the ship.

"Let-" Before Peter could finish his sentence, everyone suddenly heard a loud crash on board the ship. In the next moment, several crashes resounded as if something was breaking through the floors above them, and as they readied themselves to fight another enemy, the ceiling cracked, and three people suddenly came out and landed in front of them.

One had large wings sticking out for his demon tier chest piece, while another had a soft touch as he put down a blue-haired female to her side.

"Am I…dreaming things…is that…Quinn!" Jessica almost shouted.

Not greeting the others, though, Quinn turned around and could see Chris partially transformed on the other side.

"It's time for round 2," Quinn smiled.

*****

Support my Kickstarter: My Werewolf System/ Shrine. We have reached 50% funding! Thank you so much!

In case you didn't know, I am the co-owner of Shrine, trying to create a platform for Western artists to make content in the Manga style.

Search: Shrine Comics Kickstarter!