Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿1871 Around the world

The others in the group were still unsure who exactly the new people who had come along with Quinn were. Still, it didn't matter too much, as more enemies could be seen coming from the entrance of the lab, and just like before, some of them were pulling a huge Qi cannon, and everyone also had Qi guns as well.

These enemies also carried a few more weapons they hadn't come across against the previous bunch. A few had a couple of large square-shaped shields, and just like the Qi gun, it looked like it was creating a shield purely out of Qi.

"Well, well, well, this is quite interesting. I am not surprised to see many things have changed since the last time I came here," Sil remarked while looking at the weapons with curiosity.

"Watch out for that canon!" Jessica shouted, warning him about the weapon's immense power, but by the time she finished her sentence, the man had long left and was already standing on the other side of the room and holding the now crushed tip of the cannon up in the air.

"You should really try and focus on improving on yourself, rather than using weapons like this." Sil let out a fake sigh of disappointment.

Then shaking his head, he raised his hand and instantly, all of the weapons, including the shields, were snatched from the enemy's hands and began to float in the air.

"This is…is it the power of Telekinesis!" Lucia was surprised.

"So cool! All the weapons are flying." Minny pointed out. This was her first time seeing such a thing, and she felt amazed to witness something like this.

Sil moved his arm, and all the weapons were thrown to the side of the room. Before anyone could react, he lifted all the thirty or so men who had entered the room off their feet and raised them in the air.

"How… I've never seen someone who has such a strong power like this before. Who can do something like this? I wonder who he is," Jessica thought out loud.

"Well, he is a friend of Quinn's, and Quinn does seem to know some powerful people," Mitchell commented.

"Don't kill them!" Muka suddenly shouted, remembering Chris' request.

Hearing this, Sil kissed his teeth and dropped the men to the ground. Loud thuds resonated, and they began to hear a few cries of pain from the other side of the room. Fortunately for them, it wasn't at a height that would lead to any severe injury.

"Fine, so I can't kill them, but I will definitely make it so they can't follow us for a while," Sil said, and suddenly, both hands started to glow blue. Then, thin lightning strikes began to form after a moment, jumping from one finger to the next and so on.

"This…is the power of the Graylash family." Lucia blurted. She could spot something like this from a mile away, considering she herself was from the Graylash family and seeing what he had done before it had clicked in her head. "This person, he's definitely from the Blade family, but who is he?"

On the other hand, after saying these words, Sil released the lightning by touching the floor. It instantly started to crawl like a thousand spiders on the ground towards the prey closest to them, and when lightning touched one of the men, it began to give them consecutive non-stop shocks. The whole area slowly lit up in blue light, and more cries of pain began to come out of the men's mouths.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

"I'm not too sure if they wish they were killed right now." Jessica shook her head, finding it hard to even look at those being fried right in front of their eyes, but eventually, Sil put the lightning punishment to a stop.

"Finally, now no one will interrupt us." Sil nodded, "My guess is the next lot of people won't be here for another five minutes, or they are protecting the other places. They can't just keep sending people down here, right? And it looks like you've already taken quite a few before we even arrived."

Peter shook his head hearing these words.

"You always have to show off, don't you." Peter then walked up to Sil, and when the two of them were in front of each other and with a few metres of distance between them, he requested, "Fight me."

Sil chuckled upon hearing the request.

"Are you serious, Peter? We have only just met, and you guys seem to be in the middle of doing something right now, and this is the first thing you say?"

"I want to see who is stronger of the two of us, so why don't you fight me right now?" Peter repeated.

"Is this really the right place and time?!" Lucia frowned, shaking her head. "The two of you can fight at any time later, Peter. It doesn't have to be now. Chris has asked us to do something, so we should complete it, get off this place and get to both Chris and Quinn before their fight goes out of hand."

Peter continued to stare at Sil with his fists clenched. The two didn't have a hatred for each other, but after growing in strength, in leaps and bounds, Peter was satisfied with second place. After waking up from his slumber, he believed that Quinn was at the top, and then he was just below Quinn. There wasn't anyone else stronger than him.

However, it wasn't long after when he encountered Erin, against whom he couldn't do much. This had frustrated him, and now, another powerful guy was in front of him, which frustrated him even more. Although there were those like Chris and Zero, Peter didn't know their strength, and in his head, he could beat them anyway.

"I don't want to be fourth," Peter commented.

"Well, I'm not going to fight you," Sil replied.

Eventually, Peter felt someone grab him around the arm and could see the others had gathered and were walking towards him. Seeing the person who was grabbing him was Lucia, for some reason, his anger started to reside, and he was happy to at least wait until the matter at hand gets resolved.

"I didn't get to introduce myself to you all last time, but my name is Sil Blade. I haven't been back on Earth in a while, so I doubt I have met you guys before or you have heard of me." Sil said to the group.

It was true. Most of those that were there didn't know his name. Although Sil was a legendary name to the Blade family, to the others, he was just another Blade, but seeing his powers, they knew he wasn't just another blade.

"It's nice to meet you as well," Jessica replied, and the group introduced themselves to Sil.

It was a bit weird since just a moment ago, they were all fighting as if their lives were on the line. And now they were completely at peace, and because Sil was so confident, it had made them all grow with confidence as well.

On top of that, Ceril had also introduced herself to them all, not really explaining to them all who she was, but in her current form, she looked just like any other human.

'Her scent, it's quite strange. I've never smelled anything like it before. She certainly isn't a human, but why does she remind me of a vampire?' Muka wondered, incredibly confused.

After the introductions, they explained a little bit about where they were and what was happening around here. They hadn't explained the whole Erin background story because they didn't have time and thought that it would need to be told when Quinn was here as well, to see if he had any thoughts behind it.

"I see, but then we don't know what Agent 4 plans to do with the Red Heart. Did you say that was his lab right behind you?" Sil asked.

The others nodded. They had already destroyed most of the equipment, but Agent 4's lab was still somewhat untouched as that was when the enemies began to arrive.

"Before we go and destroy all of these things, maybe there is a way we can find out where they went and what they know about the red heart," Sil said.

Confused looks on people's faces were seen, but that's when a book appeared in Sil's hand. Finally, after changing his ability, he seemed ready.

"I just need to remember where it was….oh, that's right," Sil added, with a smile on his face. "I will be right back."

A large circular portal suddenly opened up in the air, and stepping through it, Sil disappeared. The others waited in wonder what he was doing, and around a minute or so later, the same portal opened once again, and Sil stepped out.

"Sorry, I just needed to pay a little visit. It seemed he was a bit shocked," Sil said as he pulled something out of the portal and placed them on his side.

"That… that's Logan Green!" Jessica pointed in shock.

"Yeah, I think he is the man for the job."

*******

Support my Kickstarter: My Werewolf System/ Shrine. We have reached 85% funding! Thank you so much!

In case you didn't know, I am the co-owner of Shrine, trying to create a platform for Western artists to make content in the Manga style.

The Kickstarter allows access to a physical volume book with all Shrine series first chapters, which includes a physical version of the first chapter of My Werewolf System.

Search: Shrine comics Kickstarter