Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿1875 True power of the Shadow

Chris was shrouded in complete darkness. It was something he had never experienced before. He couldn't see anything around himself nor hear or smell anything to judge where he was.

It was strange that all the noises one would usually hear normally seemed to have disappeared, even the sound of his own heartbeat. It was truly a frightening experience, making him wonder if he was even alive.

'Is this a skill…or have I been sent to the afterlife?'

He tried to use his Qi or do the routine stuff he normally did, but there was still no such reaction at all. Finally, however, he soon was able to feel something, intense pain in his stomach.

Looking down for a few seconds, he noticed a red fist.

'This is real…he really has managed to get rid of my sense somehow, but it looks like when he hits me, it breaks the strange shadow he has.'

Chris honestly didn't know if he was flying through the air or what because he couldn't even feel the wind, all he knew was Quinn's hand was on his stomach the last time he had seen it.

In desperation, Chris threw his fist as fast as possible, trying to claw at Quinn.

'Did I hit him, or did I hit the air?'

In the middle of his thoughts, another strong punch came right from behind, it was powerful, and for a moment, Chris heard his bones crack when the shadow broke for a split second.

Another punch hit Chris across the face, and now he felt pain all over his body.

'This damned shadow, it covers me as soon as he attacks me. I can't tell where he is.'

The only thing Chris had on his side was that even though the hits on his body were hard, he could heal from these wounds.

'I have no choice. All I can do is make a swing and try to hit him. I will use all my attacks, maybe one of them will hit him, and I will escape from this wretched prison!'

However, despite this, the beating on Chris continued as he suffered from Quinn's punches and kicks.

——

From the outside, Quinn was hitting non-stop. A knee to the stomach, a pull from the shoulder and a punch to the face— Each hit had the Qi and red aura powers as he continued to give Chris a beating.

'I was hesitant at first, but this worked the same way as it did against Sil.' Quin thought. 'Chris is strong, Chris is really strong, but fighting completely blind is impossible at our level.

For a second, Quinn had stopped the beating, the land looked different, from the constant attacks of hitting Chris on the ground, punching him, throwing him, and slamming him all over the place, but no matter what, Chris still stood up time after time.

Coming to a halt, he looked at Chris. The latter's body was still covered in the shadow, and he was huffing and panting, trying to catch his breath as the wounds on his body began to heal.

'This power…is strong, and it's what I need to keep going.'

Since nothing was working so far, Quinn needed to use all his power to take Chris down, just like with Graham, when the latter's body would heal itself time after time. Quinn needed to prepare a strong attack once again.

'I don't have the same amount of blood to use as last time, so I will just have to do what I can with my own blood aura and celestial energy.'

In the next instant, Quinn spread out both his hands and four great large swords, each about the size of a car, formed behind his back. They were covered in a dark red aura of power and pointed at Chris. At the same time, Quinn opened his hand in a claw-like shape as he got into a stance.

He drifted his hand in the air, and the red flow of energy followed. Crossing his hands, Quinn made deep cuts on his arms, draining more of his blood out of his body. The Celestial blood energy was flowing out of his body. It floated and gathered around his fingertips, making them sharper and condensed.

However, the flow of blood continued to spiral around, floating about and began to glow brighter by the second.

'Using celestial energy in my fights hasn't been favourable, but I think I have found a way to use the power to give me as much power as possible.'

——

'The attacks have stopped.' Chris noticed, 'But I know this isn't a good sign. My body is strong. I know that, so he must be trying to charge up to finish me off.

'I carried on with this fight because I wanted to push Quinn to the limit. To see how strong he is. I need to know his strength, if we will go up against Zero. I know I haven't fought against Zero or seen him fight at full strength for a while.

'But I also know that he isn't the type of person to just do nothing during this whole time. He must have gotten considerably stronger.'

With all these thoughts in his head, Chris had made the decision.

"Quinn! I don't want to fight you! I've lost this fight already. I wasn't trying to hurt your friends. Instead, I told them I would join up with them to take down Zero!"

With the shadow over his body, Chris couldn't even hear his own voice, but he was sure Quinn at least heard his words.

'What is this?' Quinn frowned. 'Desperation? I know Chris isn't a bad person, but he has always been by Zero's side, and for him to have lived this long, he must have used the Qi drain skill.

'The Chris in front of me is not the same person who had taught me once before.'

Moving from his back, all four of the giant blood swords went towards Chris, with the spiralled floating celestial blood from Quinn's own body flowing through the air, and a large trail of blood aura came out from behind him as he charged forward as fast as he could.

[A new skill has been created]

[Celestial Tiger Blood Pulse]Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

At this moment, the system had created a new skill. It was strange because this had never happened even though it had been a long time since a blood attack had been created, and Quinn had used the blood control and changed his attack multiple times,

So it made him wonder, why now of all times? And that's when he felt something strange happening as well. As the skill was being used, the gauntlet, and Quinn's fist, let out a pulse of red aura that ran through his entire body and behind him.

It didn't just happen once but went on continuously, and it looked like the pulse of red aura that was coming out was larger than ever.

'This will finish it!'

"Quinn!" Chris shouted. "Believe me, if not me, then believe in Leo!"

The latest_epi_sodes are on_the ʟɪʙʀᴇᴀᴅ.ᴄᴏᴍ. website.

Quinn's fist was aimed right towards Chris' chest, right where his heart would be, and all of the swords floating in the air were ready to stab Chris from every angle. However, hearing Leo's name, Quinn used all the power that he had left and shifted his foot slightly.

Moving his clawed hand, he hit the ground right next to Chris, and an enormous explosion erupted. The island was split in half, and part of it was growing into the sea. Large waves formed behind the attack, and the shadow on Chris started to rescind.

Quinn was trying to catch some breath while looking at what he had caused. In front of him, there was nothing but the sea, and they were only on half the island now. Next to him, Chris had cancelled his werewolf form, but the blood swords had managed to go through his body. Entering from his back and the top of his shoulders.

The next moment, Chris fell to the ground as he collapsed.

[Quest complete]

[Defeat a god slayer]

*****

If you want to support me, you can do so on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N.: jksmanga

You will gain access to the M.W.S. novel and webtoon for only $5 a month.

For VMS artwork and updates, follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga