Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿1876 Universal Gift

Looking at the collapsed Chris on the floor, the large blood swords that had entered his body had disappeared. It was clear he was no longer in any state left to fight, so Quinn decided to retract the rest of his skills himself as well and allowed his body to heal the wounds on his hand.

'That attack at the end, the new one. I managed to expend the Celestial energy properly…similar to when I thought against Graham that time. Maybe, this is a step to using it better.' Quinn thought.

Although Chris was bleeding quite badly, even now, his body was healing, but his breaths were deep. Looking around Quinn went to pick up his demon tier chest piece and placed it in his shadow. He then looked at the broken parts of the Blue fang set.

Not just one part had been destroyed, but all of it. Still, he placed this in his shadow as well, as a memento.

'That was some attack power Chris had in his attacks to destroy Demon tier equipment like that. It makes me wonder, If I had to take a few of his attacks straight on, what would have happened? These Werewolves are strong.

'In a way, they really are physically superior to vampires. I kind of understand a bit of what was said and how the vampires acted in the past. Getting rid of everything they deemed as a threat.'Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

[5,420 Mc points have been removed from your total amount.]

Seeing the system messege, it was expected. The new skill that Quinn had used with the shadow, it was a skill that could only be used with his soul weapon Shadow Overload. However, Quinn knew that blocking attacks would take up a large amount of MC cells.

So against a strong opponent like Chris, he refused to use it in such a way. Otherwise, the drawback for using his soul weapon in blocking attacks would have been too great. He would have been back to 0 once again.

Using it in the way he had done, with portals and such, and covering his opponent's entire body in shadow, had a set amount of MC cells that would be taken for using such a skill. Although it still didn't allow him to use it as freely and against whoever he wanted, it was a much more viable option.

'The best thing to do, is still to search for Nest Crystals so I don't have to worry. If I had over a million MC points, maybe then I could even use it to block attacks from the greats and god slayers as well.'

There was a reason why Quinn was thinking about this, and it was due to completing the quest of defeating a god slayer. Although he hadn't killed Chris and could see he was still bleeding, defeat must have meant winning the battle.

[You have defeated a God Slayer]

[The Universe has decided to reward you.]

[Please choose from one of the following.]

[Celestial Level increase]

[Celestial Energy increase]

[MC points increase]

The three options had made him somewhat struggle with what to choose. The main reason was that the rewards didn't state how much the increase would be.

The celestial level up would help Quinn in the celestial space and give him a new skill to use. However, the Celestial skills tended to be more helpful to his dedicated followers and less so to him.

At the same time, he could no longer really enter the Celestial space and was already back on Earth, where he needed to be anyway. If Bliss pulled the same trick again, he would have problems, but he felt like it was unlikely.

On top of that, with celestial energy being increased, meant that he might go up a level anyway, which was the natural way to do things. The only thing was, although Celestial energy was great for fighting against Celestials until recently, it did next to nothing fighting against non-celestials.

Who knew how long it would take before Quinn learnt to use Celestial energy in a way it would be able to help him in fights against others as well?

'I'm really going to kick myself in the foot if it's a small increase, but after seeing how effective the Shadow can be and how it's been used. The MC point increase would be the best.'

Selecting his reward, Quinn could feel strange energy enter his body, it felt as if something was being drawn out for the air, and was going inside him. Energy that no one could see, something he had never seen before, but this feeling was familiar.

It was the same feeling Quinn had when he would absorb the nest Crystals as well. This continued on for a while, and while in the middle of this, there were a few guests that had suddenly appeared on the island.

"So this is where all the fun was," Sil stated.

After heading to the military section of the Pure Ship, with Sil there, they had made quick work of all of them and had managed to get information from the lab this time before destroying it.

After that, Sil suggested that it was best for them to make a quick exit as soon as they could. So he decided to teleport them to where he had felt the energy from before. It was easy work, Green city was further, so even with more people, it was no hassle.

Everyone looked at Quinn, and it seemed like he was in the middle of doing something and was on his own on the island.

"The fighting stopped. Does that mean?" Mitchell didn't say the next sentence because everyone was worried.

"He's over here!" Peter shouted out.

Everyone ran over to where Chris was and could see he was badly hurt. The reason why his body was finding it hard to heal was actually due to the celestial energy that flowed into him. Quinn didn't notice it, but during his tiger pulse attack, the celestial pulse had gone off, and the energy had entered into the open wounds the Blood swords had created.

Chris's body was doing well to fight it off, though, it was just taking longer than usual to heal.

"Did Quinn do all of this..I'm guessing he wasn't able to speak to him in time then." Jessica commented.

"It appears not, but we should see this as a good thing," Muka stated. "His luck is great because he has survived, and Quinn for whatever reason has chosen to spare him. So at the end of the day, no harm has been done."

There was a weird smile on Muka's face. While looking at Chris in a pool of blood, it was hard to be positive. There was looking at the glass half full, and then there was this.

"Don't worry. I can do something." Sil replied as he got his book out, changing his set of abilities once again, and pressed both hands on Chris's body.

Soon, they all saw the wounds closing up at an incredible speed, the colour on Chris's skin was returning as well, and he was starting to look a lot better.

"A healing ability?" Lucia commented. "How many abilities can you hold? What Blade are you?"

A lot of what she had blurted out was meant to be said in her head, but she was so surprised that she just had to say something in the end.

"I don't mind explaining a bit, but I have lived for as long as Quinn. So I have a few tricks up my sleeve and that book of mine, allows me to change to use whatever ability I have used before."

Hearing this, the others around were stunned. The Balde were already strong, and their ability disregarded them for a lot of rules that they already knew, and now this. The person in front of them was clearly a monster, on the scale of Quinn.

Ceril, who kept quiet, knew there was more to it as well because Sil hadn't even used the demon-tier weapons that he had in his possession that he had done on the last planet.

Eventually, Chris opened his eyes once again and started to lift his body.

"You are all here, and I'm still…"

"Yes, you're still alive," Peter replied. "But honestly, with Quinn back, I'm not sure we really needed you or not."

Before, Chris would have thought that Peter was exaggerating Quinn's strength. Now, having faced it face to face, he no longer did he think this. Maybe, Quinn could solve this all on his own again, like he had done in the past, without Pure, without him.

The latest_epi_sodes are on_the ʟɪʙʀᴇᴀᴅ.ᴄᴏᴍ. website.

Chris clenched his fist.

'It's fine even if that is the case…this time, I will be on the right side.'

It was at that moment, that Quinn had finished with what he was doing, and he looked at both of his hands.

'What is this…what was all of that? How is this even possible?'

[620,234 Total MC points]

*****

Support my Kickstarter: My Werewolf System/ Shrine. 102 PERCENT COMPLETE

If you guys didn't know, I and owner Jin started Shrine, trying to create a platform for Western artists to create content in the Manga style.

We have launched our first Kickstarter which allows access to a physical volume book with all Shrine series first chapters. Which includes a physical version of the first chapter of My Werewolf System.

Search: Shrine comics Kickstarter