Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿1880 The red heart's use

The single moment, for Layla, felt like an eternity. It was long-awaited, and she didn't want it to end. It wasn't just the kiss with the love of her life but the first kiss she had ever received as well.

When growing up, she had only focused on Pure. After that, the events of the world continued to transpire one by one, and the entire time she just couldn't be herself, she couldn't settle down with the man she loved, but that was perhaps because the man she loved would go on to become the hero of the entire world and save it from unimaginably powerful enemies.

In the end though, the kiss had to end there as Quinn pulled away and held her by her shoulders. Her horns now remained a bright red, and she couldn't stop looking at Quinn's eyes and his lips again.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

All of the girls watching by the side, who at some point had some type of feeling towards Quinn, thought they would feel jealous of this, but for some reason, they didn't.

The moment was so sweet, the aura around the two showed how they were made for each other, and after hearing the story and seeing them pour their feelings for each other, none of them felt like they deserved to be with Quinn. In the end, the one who had always loved Quinn, and always been by his side through all this time, would stand by his side, hand in hand.

"I owed you that for a long time." Quinn eventually said. "I wanted to do that a long time ago."

What Quinn meant by this was the strange connection that stopped the two from kissing each other in the past. There was a time when the two of them had made their feelings clear, but the special bond between vampire and familiar made things complicated, and they could never take the next step.

However, Quinn did have a theory and idea as to what would happen. He was hoping that now he was a Celestial Vampire, that his body wasn't completely the same. Quinn was essentially his own race. ᴜᴘᴅᴀᴛᴇ ꜰʀᴏᴍ ꜰʀᴇᴇᴡ(ᴇʙɴᴏ)ᴠᴇʟ. ᴄᴏᴍ.

Something that could even create new subclasses. He no longer followed the vampire rules, he was now on the same or a similar level as the ones who had created the vampires, so it made no sense to still be restricted.

Hearing Quinn's words, Layla didn't really know what to say. In truth, she would love to spend a day or an entire week with just the two of them so they could just experience life together, talk and catch up about everything each one of them had done, but as always, there were important matters at hand.

Even now, there was something she had to do, and Quinn was going to be busy as well.

"Sorry to ruin the sweet moment." Logan's words interrupted her thought, "However, there are some matters that we need to talk about. Once this is all done, don't worry, I will create a special event for you, and we will have the most spectacular weddings the world has ever witnessed!"

"Wedding?!" Layla said, stepping back a bit. "Isn't it too soon for that?"

"What are you talking about?" Peter replied. "You confessed your feelings a thousand years ago, and you guys kissed after a thousand years, don't tell me we have to wait another thousand years for the two of you to get married. Anyway, as long as I am the best man, I don't really mind it. I have known the two of you for a while, and you know Vorden doesn't deserve it. I mean, he isn't even here right now."

Layla's heart was racing. She had never even thought about these things because she never imagined she would even be in this situation in the first place. Her mind was getting flustered. Too many things flashed in her mind at once, which made her think of essentially nothing.

"We need to get to the point of what to do next." Logan continued. "Right now, we know that Pure has the Red Heart. According to Chris, Erin has given it over Zero, and this is a serious problem.

"At the Pure's base, I learned what they were planning to do with the Red Heart, and I think Quinn, you were on the right track. The power of the red heart has enough energy to open up a portal."

"A portal? That's it? I open those things up all the time." Sil was surprised and moved his finger to open up another one.

"Well, this portal is vastly different. From their research, they have been trying to open up a portal to another plain. This will be hard to describe to you all, but it's essentially like another universe that is like this one.

"There are multiple theories, but no one has ever actually managed to achieve such a thing. As for why they are planning to do this, in the files, it's stated they want to meet God."

It was then that everything clicked in Quinn's head. When talking to the Celestials and Bliss, he had heard several things as well and learned from Chris what Zero truly wanted to do.

"That has to be it!" Quinn said. "The deal that Zero made. Zero talked about bringing people from the dead back to life. A long time ago, Richard Eno talked about opening up a portal to this other place, and that was how the vampires came into existence in the first place. The deal, it must be for Zero to open up that portal again."

Logan nodded, and those that had been with Quinn from the beginning followed, while the others were confused. They had no idea who Richard Eno was. Unfortunately, it was a name that was lost in time and replaced by Quinn's fame.

"If a portal is opened up to that place again, then something more dangerous could happen than just vampires roaming the streets. The information I got from Eno stated that there are several different gods on that plain as well.

"It would be like opening up a portal to hell in the world."

Grinding his teeth, Quinn felt partly responsible because he was the one that created the Red heart in the first place. It was because of him that this whole thing could even be possible in the first place.

"Wait, Erin is with Zero?" Layla asked, not having been caught up on everything.

Once again, there was a brief overview of everything going on for them to catch up on what had happened. Logan even explained a bit about how vampires had come into existence in the first place.

This revelation blew the others' minds. This was something that Muka didn't know either. She just thought vampires were mutations of humans or an evolution path that got separated from the latter at one point and took a whole different trajectory.

"I know the area where Zero perhaps would venture into," Chris stated. "But I don't know the exact location or planet. Right now, along with him, there's Agent Four, who has the blood armour, and Erin, along with Flora, who holds the vampire's great sword."

When put like that, and after hearing everything that they had done so far, none of the opponents sounded like they were easy to deal with.

"Quinn," Layla said. "I know what you wanted to ask me. I can see it on your face. I agree that Erin needs to be dealt with. It's clear that something is up, but if we leave her as she is, she will just continue to grow stronger. Even with our power right now, there is no way for us to find out the truth. I was too weak to stop her."

Saying these words, Layla grasped the black sword's hilt.

Quinn was happy that he didn't need to worry about what Layla would think of him if he was to deal with Erin because in his mind right now, it was something that he might have to do to end it all against her.

"I don't want you to come with us." Quinn replied, "You have already tried to talk Erin out of it, but it didn't get through her head and turned out to be useless. You just being there would do nothing. If I'm honest, it might even be a distraction for me."

It sounded harsh, but Layla knew those words were right. She had already tried her best and failed.

"However, there is a chance that while we are away and searching for Erin and Zero, we may not find them because they might attack you again. That sword." Quinn said while pointing his finger at it. "I checked it before, and it seemed alright, but the marking, it's the same marking that was on Laxmus's head that time.

"The two of you seem to be getting the same energy from the same God. I think it's a bit dangerous, so let me do something."

Layla pulled the sword out of its sheath. The sword had been a great companion for her this entire time, and she knew she wouldn't have survived so long without it. However, she wouldn't say no to Quinn and handed the sword over to him.

And it was then that a system message popped up in front of Quinn.

[The sword has been sealed with the Soul of a Godslayer]

[Would you like to attempt to break the seal?]

*****

Support my Kickstarter: My Werewolf System/ Shrine. We have reached 110% funding! Thank you so much!

In case you didn't know, I am the co-owner of Shrine, trying to create a platform for Western artists to make content in the Manga style.

The Kickstarter allows access to a physical volume book with all Shrine series first chapters, which includes a physical version of the first chapter of My Werewolf System.

Search: Shrine comics Kickstarter