Chapter ﻿1881 An old one

Reading the system prompt in front of him, Quinn was trying to figure out what exactly was going on. At first, he thought the sword was just a regular celestial weapon. In truth, Quinn wanted to test his own Celestial weapons that he could create against this sword, and he now had enough points to do so.

The only thing was that he wanted to try to create celestial weapons from scratch, and to do that, he needed the best forger that he knew. Still, with the sword in front of him, he thought it might be a win-win situation.

Either its powers would increase or decrease depending on what he did, and in doing so, Layla would be a lot safer using the sword. But that was if he could even change the marking on the weapon in the first place, since now that this message had appeared, he was uncertain if he should go through with it.

'Is there the power of a God Slayer in this sword? The power that Layla draws from the weapon is not just celestial power? I guess that would explain why it is so powerful, but then, what happens if I break the seal?'

To break the seal, Quinn felt like it meant realising the power from the inside of the weapon, and if that was the case, it would no longer be special.

'Hey you, I saw everything. You and that girl, both of you are together, right?!' A voice resounded in Quinn's head.

He turned his head left and right for a few seconds but soon released that it was coming from the sword itself.

'Who would have thought that she would know someone like you? I can't believe it. The second you touched my sword, I could tell that you have the same type of energy. You can…break me out of here, right?' The man in the sword's voice was almost trembling near the end.

Quinn didn't know the weather either. To tell him the truth or not, but hearing the sound of the man's voice inside, Quinn could tell the man trapped within the sword was in an incredibly sorry state. At the same time, Quinn wasn't foreign to the idea of things being trapped.

Vincent was originally part of the system as well. So why couldn't one be placed inside a sword? It also reminded Quinn that Vincent believed when he was placed inside the system, his power of equivalent exchange had entered it as well, which was why Quinn got such great rewards dependent on the tasks that were given. Perhaps it was the same here?

'Even if I can break the seal, I don't have the ability to remove you from the sword.' Quinn clarified.

The sword turned silent upon hearing this. It knew that its body had long disappeared from this world.

'That damned God of Death tricked me!' The sword shouted. 'Pulling me down and such.'

Hearing this, Quinn could only assume that the sword was talking about the same god that Laxmus was under, the god who had created the original vampires in the first place.

'What happened?'

'….You know what…I kind of have forgotten. It's been so long. I just remember that he tricked me, and that's how I ended up here. Then I was flung around all over the place. I just remember…my past was extremely difficult and sad.

'Whenever someone usually grabs me, I can't help it, but if they take any of my power, they take part of my pain. But Layla, she was able to handle it, she was used to the motions and pressure of using my powers put on her, but many people have gone mad before. I'm guessing it's not affecting you because you're a God as well!' The sword began to plead, 'So please, if you can find a way to release me, break this seal and give me a body, I promise I will do everything in my power to help you.

'Once you have done everything you have done. Then I…want to remember everything that happened, and I'll face that damned god himself.'

Although this was a weapon created by a possible enemy, Quinn was surprised to find the sword actually had a true hatred for the said god, even if it couldn't remember why that was.

'I might have a way to get you out of that sword, but unfortunately, I think it might be better that you stay in there. You see, the person you were protecting is someone I care about, and I hope you can continue to protect her.

'However, I am a fair person. I will break the seal from you to prove I will help you as long as you continue to give your power to Layla as she needs it. When that is all done, I will ask someone to move you.'

Quinn said, glancing at Sil, who was visually confused because Quinn had been holding the sword for a while now without saying or doing anything, but everyone just stayed quiet, thinking he was focused on something.

'I have already been in this sword for longer than I can remember.' The sword replied. 'If I have to continue for a little while longer with the hope of breaking free, then I will do as you wish.'

Hearing this, Quinn turned his attention toward the system. In the next instant, energy began to flow out of Quinn. His hair was floating on its ends, and everyone could feel a strange energy that surrounded him.

'I can feel my celestial energy being drained into the weapon!'

[-1234 Celestial energy]

[-1825 Celestial Energy]

Thankfully, Quinn had obtained a large amount of Celestial energy for defeating Athos, and he was sure that whoever had put this marking on wouldn't have placed a ridiculous amount on a weapon…at least he hoped.

Soon, dark black sparks were shooting all over the sword. They continued to spread out, hitting the ground and getting larger and larger. The others decided to step away as they saw this.

"Quinn!" Layla shouted out, worried that something was happening.

[-23,637 Celestial points]Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

'So he did use a lot more Celestial points than I thought to create this weapon. Just who is this God?'

Eventually, the black sparks started to fade, and the energy from Quinn was slowly starting to disperse as well. When turning the sword around on its hilt, Quinn noticed the marking had disappeared.

'You did it, I can tell. I can feel that I'm freer!' The sword said, 'Thank you so much, kind stranger.'

'Don't thank me just yet. I need to make sure that Layla has the same power as before.'

Quinn had thought about using his celestial energy on Layla. However, after meeting the other Celestials and travelling in the universe, he changed his view slightly on things. Giving celestial energy to those close to him would make them a target.

Maybe not now when they didn't have to worry about these things, but if Quinn made an enemy, if he hadn't already, then there would be those that would be coming for him, and they would target his dedicated followers first.

It was just too risky for him. After hearing about the sword and how much power it gave Layla, he realised there was another way he could help them: by sharing his powers with others with weapons.

The only downside was that if the person were to die, then anyone could get their hands on these weapons and use them how they weren't intended, which was somewhat what had happened to the sword in the first place.

'Wait, so you broke the seal but are now just going to put your own on me!' The sword sounded upset.

'I don't break my promises. As I said, I need you to be strong enough to protect her.'

[Would you like to mark the God Slayer Sword?]

'That's quite a good ring to it. Let's make a sword that's actually capable of slaying those damned Gods.' Quinn thought.

'Yes, mark the sword.'

*****

Support my Kickstarter: My Werewolf System/ Shrine. We have reached 110% funding! Thank you so much!

In case you didn't know, I am the co-owner of Shrine, trying to create a platform for Western artists to make content in the Manga style.

The Kickstarter allows access to a physical volume book with all Shrine series first chapters, which includes a physical version of the first chapter of My Werewolf System.

Search: Shrine comics Kickstarter