Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1882 Crystal red wings

The energy from Quinn was clearly being expended outward again. HIs hair started to float, and everyone took a step back once more. However, rather than a sinister dark energy that they had felt from before, instead this energy was more familiar to most of them.

It felt somewhat like the vampire aura they were all used to, only slightly different compared to that. This time it didn't take long, and where the markings of the single eye with two wings were, it was replaced with a red dragon head in front of a black shield with crossed chains.

'The celestial energy right now isn't so much of a use to me, and on top of that, Layla needs to stay safe.' Quinn thought. 'You did a good job, you were able to take quite a bit of celestial energy. Maybe it's because you were at the level of a god slayer?'

[-50,000 Celistal points]

With breaking the seal, giving Geo, the others and Ceril a load of his Celestial points, he had made quite a dent in the amount he had.

[162,256/285,462 Celestial energy]

Still, it was large enough for him to attempt to do more things, to create more weapons and still enough for him to fight most of the celestials. In a way, spreading out his celestial energy like so, was giving more people a way to fight against these beings that were known as gods.

"The sword is complete, I have placed my own energy into the sword. I'm not sure if it will have the same effects as it did before, or if it will be stronger but I'm sure it will come in useful."

Layla accepted the sword from Quinn with both hands. Although the two of them had just shared an intimate moment, she still wanted to show respect and thankfulness for what Quinn had done.

When taking the sword, there was a surprised look on her face.

"He's… still inside." Layla smiled.

"The two of us, made a deal." Quinn winked.

The others had no clue what they were talking about, and at the same time he believed that they didn't need to know.

"I hope that weapon does you well. Honestly, I wish I had my own weapon to use as well." Quinn commented.

Although his soul weapon allowed him to form it into whatever shape he wanted. He knew the power and strength of things such as Demon tier weapons. His soul weapon in the first place both of them were on limited time scales whereas a normal weapon was not.

It gave versatility to fighting and also helped when fighting multiple opponents.

"It would be good, if Alex was here. I would have liked to have tested something with him."

Hearing that, Logan had a smile on his face as he came over.

"Actually there was something in the story that we didn't mention. When Laxmus was defeated, a strange looking… coffin-like structure had come out."

Logan led the way, and the rest followed him to his lab, it was here that Quinn had also caught a glimpse of Vincent and what state he was in. Based on the machine next to him, one could see that he was at least still alive.

"This here, we believe that Alex is inside. Unfortunately I gave you the blood solution to open it. Do you still have it?" Logan asked.

It took a second for Quinn to realize what Logan was saying, but he soon released that they believed Alex was the one that was in the chamber coffin.

"You… actually found him." Quinn stated.

Memories of when Quinn and Alex first met were flashing in his head. The system helped him pick out a talented forger, and before Quinn had truly made a name for himself the two of them had decided to work together.

Together they were going to grow his name, and although his items were sold quite wide and far, in the end he had never created a name for himself, apart from those on the Cursed faction that had also now disappeared.

"So this Alex he was a forger for the Cursed faction?" Jessica asked.

"Yes, he was the forger that created many weapons that were used in the battle against the Dalki." Quinn stated. "On top of that though, he was a dear friend."

Walking up to the chamber Quinn's arm was covered in shadow, adn soon the little vile of blood was in his hands. As he walked up to where the circular lock was, where the blood needed to be dripped, he hesitated for a second.

'Why… am I so worried?' Quinn thought.

Thinking about this, images of Fex started to come into his mind. When Quinn had woken him up, how frail and weak he looked, how tired he was. That feeling of first waking up in this new world and seeing that… it was a feeling that hadn't gotten out of his mind this entire time.

'What if, I wake up Alex and he's like that as well.' Quinn thought.

Either way, he couldn't be afraid anymore, and decided to pour the vile of blood on the mechanism. Slowly it started to drop and fill up in the circle. It lit up a light red before starting to spin and unlock in certain ways.

This hadn't happened before when the other blood was spilt on it, which made it clear that this was Alex Way the blood fairy. A final click was heard and the door swivelled open. A few seconds later and a hand could be seen holding onto the side of the round casket.

"Why… do I feel so strange?" A voice was heard.

Eventually the group could see, a sat up body, the top half of the said person was there, and for the girls there eyes were memorized by the sight in front of them. Unaware, when the blood had awoken Alex, it had caused his natural blood red wings to snap open.

The clear red almost crystal like colour was incredibly beautiful to them all.

"It's so pretty!" Minny said pointing.

Hearing these words, Alex turned his head to look at a group of mostly strangers.

"Where is this place, what happened?" Alex said as he continued to rub his eyes.

They were quite blurry due to the amount of time he had taken to wake up.

"We decided to wake you up." a voice said. "I heard what you went through and I'm sorry I wasn't there to protect you. Because I was the one that turned you into this, people were after your blood, yet I was nowhere to be seen.

"I have to take accountability for what I did."Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The voice Alex heard had sent shivers running down his spine. It was a voice that he would never forget. All those years after he had gone away, Alex hadn't forgotten about him. The will of the Cursed faction was to do as Quinn wished and it was why Alex had tried so hard to complete his job as a forger for the Cursed faction.

Continuing to make weapons that would help them out in their battles. At the end of the day, Alex also blamed himself for not being able to create weapons good enough to help the Cursed faction combat the enemies that they had made.

"Quinn!" Alex shouted, his wings flapping in excitement so fast that he was now hovering in the air. Everyone could now see him in the room above. "It's really you, it's really you!"

Alex then flew at a great speed straight towards Quinn, and landed right in front of him. His wings were still flailing about but he was on the ground.

"I can't believe it, Quinn you were alive, you finally woke up… do you know what happened, to Fex, to the others… it was so hard."

Looking at Alex carefully, Quinn could see his hands, they were cut and burned all over, and at the same time he had wounds over his body that looked like they hadn't healed either.

'Was Alex also involved in fighting as well… how did this happen to him?' Quinn thought clenching his fist.

The good news was though, that Alex looked just as good as Quinn had last seen him. It appeared as if he hadn't aged too much. Logan did state that Alex had been placed in slumber early on due to those that were after him, but it looked like it had happened a little too late before he had gotten involved.

"I'm guessing you have woken me up because you require my skills." Alex asked, pumping his fist. "Well tell me what you need boss, and I'll make the best weapon in the world for you."

Quinn smiled at this comment.

"I'm going to need a better weapon than that. I'm going to need something that can take on the whole universe." Quinn replied.

****

Support my Kickstarter: My Werewolf System/ Shrine. 110 PERCENT COMPLETE

If you guys didn't know, I and owner Jin started Shrine, trying to create a platform for Western artists to create content in the Manga style.

We have launched our first Kickstarter which allows access to a physical volume book with all Shrine series first chapters. Which includes a physical version of the first chapter of My Werewolf System.

Search: Shrine comics Kickstarter