Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿1885 A father figure

"Let me try something on Vincent," Quinn thought of something.

Before testing his new idea on Fex, he wanted to try it on Vincent first. The two situations were quite different yet similar simultaneously, and in the latter, Quinn felt like there was less risk.

The main reason behind this was that Vincent wasn't at the end of his life cycle due to the Nest Crystal in the first place. However, there was one thing that Quinn was unsure about. It was the fact that since Vincent's body was a clone of his in the first place, thus it was possible that the rules could differ.

"Quinn, are you sure about this?" Logan asked. "I know you can now do things beyond the realm of humanly possible, but the Nest crystals are also an unusual, unique power. You have to be careful regarding them, we don't know how they will react."

"I have been able to have a lot of experiences with the Nest Crystals, I think I can do this, and if it doesn't look like it will work, I'll stop immediately."

Hearing the response, Logan opened up the chamber, and Quinn placed his hand on the chest of the Nest Crystal. Then closing his eyes, he focused on the energies.

'First, I need to see how well the Nest Crystal energy is flowing into his body.' Quinn thought.

When just sending energy, Quinn felt a very faint red energy aura that was flowing around Vincent, and then there was the energy of the nest crystal which was going to all the cells in his body. On further observation, he found out the energy looked like little bolts of lighting were constantly hitting Vincent's cells, trying to reactivate them again.

The energy continued to be dispersed from the crystal, yet the cells weren't activating. In fact, it would take a hundred or so strikes to activate a single cell to flow and work again in Vincent's body.

'Is this the same as what was happening to me? Is that why it took so long for my body to recover as well? At this rate, Vincent won't wake up for another hundred years, just like me as well.

'The problem isn't the energy from the Nest crystal. If I force it to expend its energy through Vincent's body, it won't get him back to the way he was, and without the Nest Crystal, his body will fall apart.

'Which means maybe there is a way to activate the vampire cells in his body. Let's hope this works.'

The celestial energy began to draw out of Quinn, just like when he would create a dedicated follower. He had a theory and just hoped it would work. Slowly, he could feel his energy coming out of him, but it was doing nothing to the body in front of him.

'Come on, work!'

Then, when over a hundred celestial points had transferred, Quinn could see it even without the Nest crystal's help, the red cells would begin to move and come back to life.

The figures on the computer screen next to Vincent were starting to change.

"You can now accomplish things beyond science." Logan smiled. "I guess you really are a God."

After around three hundred points of celestial energy, Quinn could feel that Vincent's whole body was finally back to its initial state. When he cut off the energy transfer on that range, Quinn observed that the Nest Crystal continued to hit the cells, and the latter were responding with life.

After a while, Quinn concluded that the nest Crystal would not do its job of keeping Vincent alive like it's supposed to. When he stepped away, there was a bright glow around Vicent's chest. The strange device that Logan had attached to him was still there, and so was the wound, allowing one to see the crystal right through his body.

Suddenly, Vincent's eyes opened wide. They were entirely red, most likely due to the energy, but it soon started to fade out of him, and his eyes had gone back to normal. The first person he looked at was Quinn, who was in front of him.

"Kid…you did a good job," Vincent said, having somewhat understood what was going on around him, "It looks like all that time we waited for you didn't go wasted after all."

Quinn felt a lump in his throat when he tried to reply. For some reason, it was quite heartwarming for Quinn to reunite with the person in front of him.

"Your voice is so annoying." Quinn somehow managed to speak, "But for some reason, I missed being able to talk to you like in the past."

"Well, we can talk all we want now that you're alive, huh," Vincent said as he got up from the table and walked towards Quinn. The next moment, he went in and gave Quinn a big hug.

These two, in the end, were truly a family, they were relatives of each other, and Vincent had always felt like he had played a significant role in Quinn's life and also somewhat considered himself responsible for bringing hardships to the young kid.

——

After a while, all three of them began to chat and discuss what had happened so far. Seeing the large smile on Vincent's face, it seemed like everything was working out for Quinn, and thankfully, Laxmus, who had done this to him, was dealt with as well.

"I think my use when it comes to terms in fighting has come to an end," Vincent explained. "I had kept the Red heart and never appeared publicly because I knew there were powers out there, greater than mine, who could defeat me with a flick of their finger.

"I guess it is time for me to say that the new generation of powerhouses has surpassed me. But I will still do my best to help you. Maybe my skills are best here in the research lab working with Logan.

"I have been trying my best to research the Red Heart, but it proved difficult with me hiding it inside myself. If we get our hands on it, I can see what other uses we can have for it.

"Who knows, maybe we will be able to complete your wish with it, Quinn."

"My wish?" Quinn replied, not really able to recall he had any wishes other than to pay back a few people and protect the earth.

"Maybe we can use it to turn vampires back to humans. It would solve a lot of the problems currently. Those that are turned by others can have the life they wanted back. Vampires can live as they wish, and so can humans. Of course, this is a long shot, but as I said, I think it's best if I stay here."FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

After catching up, Quinn wished to get off. Now he had brought back Vincent, he could most likely bring back Fex as well. While waiting for Jake to bring the Demon tier Crystals and possible Next crystals, there was a certain someone that he would need to ask first if he could see Fex: the latter's blood relative.

"Is there any way you can get me in contact with Andy at the moment?" Quinn asked.

"Andy is currently not on earth," Logan explained. "The situation on Mars has become quite dire at the moment, so he and the Vampire crops have been busy. Do you remember the beast Horde you experienced when you first came here? Well, there have been a lot of them, and the level of the beast horde is rising slowly in many areas."

With everything going on, the beast horde was such a distant memory, but it was one of the changes that Quinn had experienced in this new world.

"Why are there even beasts in this solar system?" Quinn asked. "There are even beasts on Earth when there weren't before."

"There are a couple of reasons for that. One is that many people brought back the beasts for research. They created areas for travellers to use. Then the second was a meteor strike that happened around 800 years ago.

"It hit most of the planets in the solar system, and those meteorites had nest crystals on them. This caused an influx of beasts in all the areas. Of course, by then, we had colonised most of the planets in our solar system, so we have been at battle with beasts ever since. Although it's never been this bad."

"I guess I should head out then," Quinn replied. "I will see Andy and ask him about Fex, and maybe I can get a Nest Crystal myself. In the meantime, if Alex gets the materials needed, I can pop back to him using the shadow and give him my blood."

Soon Quinn would have Fex by his side once again.

*****

If you want to support me, you can do so on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

You will get access to the MWS novel and webtoon for only $5 a month.

For MVS artwork and updates, follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga