Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1886 The lost power

Out in a distant solar system, away from that of the Graylash area, Earth, and all the known Beast Planets, a ship landed on one of the planets.

The universe was vast, with many different solar systems for any race to explore, and those originally from Earth had hardly touched the surface of their exploration.

Currently though, a new planet within a new solar system was being explored. The landmass of the planet was hard and made of a rock-solid black material, and running through it, in large streams all over the planet, was molten lava.

The red lava streams gave the planet a strange glow, and they were also reasons why the planet was hot, and there were also steam geezers. At the same time, volcanoes would erupt and explode at any moment, creating loud booms.

It wasn't the safest planet by any means, but the four people that were currently on it were no ordinary people either.

Erin and Flora walked side by side with their weapons placed away. Flora was standing on the outside, while Erin stood next to Zero, and Agent Four was on the far end. They walked in a single line as they explored the planet.

"We need to be cautious. According to our exploration team, this planet is full of mighty Demon tier beasts." Agent Four said as he stared at a strange tablet in his hand. It was strange how he was able to walk while looking down all the time. "Don't forget, we are here to gather the crystals to make new weapons for our upcoming battle."Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

A loud explosion was heard going off in the distance, and the ground below their feet began to rumble. Some of the lava that was in small streams, which were as wide as a car, had spilt over a little.

"How did you even find this place? And why are there so many dangerous beasts here?" Flora asked, moving her head around incredibly fast. Out of all of them there, she knew she was the weakest of them.

Sure she had a boost in strength due to her weapon, but it was hard to say whether or not a single weapon could improve one so much. However, she had been training non-stop with Erin, pushing herself to the very limit every day until now.

"It's hard to tell whether you are young or old when it comes to you Dhampirs." Agent Four commented without taking his face away from the screen. "Around Eight hundred years ago, there was a meteor strike that had entered Earth's solar system and struck several planets.

"Well, the theory is that the meteor strike had actually come from here when one of the planets exploded. Could you imagine how much power that planet must have contained? It seemed like that planet wasn't the only one in this solar system, and there are plenty here that are full of just as many strong beasts."

Flora did know about the meteor strike that had hit the planets, but no one amongst her bothered to put the time to research into it because it was declared that it was something that would only happen once in a million years.

While everyone had their own problems and goals to deal with, this is what Agents of Pure were dealing with.

Suddenly, Erin stopped and immediately pulled out her blade. She hadn't pulled out the demon-tier weapon and was using the katana blade instead. Seeing how she was acting, Flora looked up ahead.

They all did, but none of them could see anything, at least not yet. Until a somewhat large black-furred strange creature appeared on top of one of the dark black hills. It looked similar to an ostrich in size, only it had two heads and a single eye on both of the heads.

Its feathers were also black, making it hard for them to see it clearly. Agent Four lifted up his tablet and went to scan the beast.

"The reading shows this is only a demi-god tier beast. It's not what we are looking for." He explained and carried on walking in a different direction to where the beast was.

The distance was around a kilometre away from the beast, and since it wasn't running after them or trying to attack them, they decided not to bother with it.

"We should be careful." Agent Four added, "Although we are plenty strong, and I have no doubt that we could take on a Demon tier beast just with us, if we end up attracting too much attention, it will prove difficult."

The group continued to walk, but the planet was enormous, around four times the size of Earth, and there was hardly any water on the planet itself, meaning most of it was only landmass. Erin and Flora didn't really know what Agent Four was doing, but he seemed in no rush as he walked around, and they continued to follow him and Zero.

A few minutes later, Erin stopped again and looked at her side. Due to her ability, she had a much wider range to sense threats as compared to everyone else. A few seconds later and now there were two of the same bird-like creature.

"Okay, this is a little bit creepy now. Are they following us?" Flora asked.

"They have yet to attack us, so we should continue to ignore them. We should save our strength for the demon tier beasts." Agent commented.

They continued to treck until eventually they reached what looked like the base of a large volcano. It didn't have lava spewing out of it from the top like the other ones.

"There are several strong readings on the planet, and one of them is coming from the top of this volcano." Agent four explained. "It is one of the weaker readings."

There was something else Agent Four had seen, but he wanted to privately discuss it with Zero. For now, he was following Zero's first order to find a weak demon-tier beast to deal with.

Although he had used those words, weak and Demon tier beast didn't really go together, and on this planet, the readings seemed to be slightly larger compared to the others. It looked like they would have to scale the mountain, but before that, Erin turned around.

"They have gotten braver. I think we have no choice now." Erin commented.

The floor was shaking once again, but it was unlike before. Instead, the shaking felt like it was coming toward them, and it was starting to get intense by the second. Soon, a dust cloud appeared off in the distance, and it was moving toward them.

Finally, at the front of the dust cloud, they could see there was a whole army of these strange bird-like creatures, around fifty or so of them, all charging forward. One of the birds opened its two mouths, and flames began to gather in its mouth.

The next second, it spat out the fire straight towards the group. Erin, moving her hand, threw out two Stage Three Qi blasts, destroying them on impact.

However, that was just the start of the attack. Soon, all of the birds had opened up their mouths, and flames started to gather as they readied to shoot them out.

Erin was ready to change to her other weapon in order to create an Ice wall of some sort and reflect the attack back, but just as she grabbed the handle, someone else walked in front. It wasn't Zero but Agent Four.

"This is a bit annoying, and I hope it doesn't attract the attention of our friend up there." Agent Four said as he placed the tablet away in his large overcoat and pulled something else out.

It looked like a strange red crown. The red crown began to light up when he raised it above his head, and suddenly, a wall of blood aura formed, and the flame balls got deflected or stopped when they struck the wall.

Every time the flame hit the wall, it would ripple, but nothing was getting through.

'This...why does he have powers similar to that of a vampire?' Erin frowned at Agent Four.

****

If you want to support me, you can do so on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

You will get access to the MWS novel and webtoon for only $5 a month.

For MVS artwork and updates, follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga