Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿1889 Too Easy

During this trip, all of the Demon tier crystals that were gathered were to go to Zero and Agent 4. That was the arrangement that was made beforehand. Although Flora felt like it was unfair and they were being used, Erin asked her what choice did they have?

They were now hiding behind Pure and were planning to use their army for their goal, and at the same time, they were staying with Pure and being fed every day. Because of all of these things, they weren't really in the position to bargain. At the end of the day, she felt like they were getting more out of this deal than the other.

On top of that, Erin felt like she didn't need anything more in the first place, in terms of equipment.

With her Demon tier armour and Demon tier weapon, she was at the strongest she had ever been and defeating Laxmus was proof of that, she could feel it.

Although the dhampir's energy increased depending on the vampire that she would go up against, each time she fought against stronger vampires, it was almost as if a permanent part of that rise in energy was added to herself.

She had felt it after fighting Leo, and she had felt it after fighting Laxmus as well. Her strength felt endless, but would she be able to meet someone at the level above Laxmus, Erin could only think of the possible original vampires that were still in their tombs.

"There are roughly around 500 signals of those that are at the Demon tier level here." Agent 4 informed.

Hearing this number, Flora nearly dropped her sword.

"500 hundred." She repeated and gulped.

Demon tiers were incredibly rare, not even every planet had a Demon tier beast on it, which made her wonder just what was this solar system. Was every planet like this filled with deadly Demon tier beasts?

However, it made Flora realize what Pure's plan was. If they could gather as many crystals as they could this time, it would allow them to create weapons and give them to their army.

After that, the army with Demon tier weapons could then travel to these planets and fight on their own, gathering even more Demon tier crystals. Their group would be unstoppable and there would be no match for them. Green City would be annihilated easily.

"I guess that means there is still a lot of work for us to do then." Erin claimed.

The group went off from the volcanic mountain, and headed to the next energy source. This area was in a more difficult terrain for them as it was inside of what looked like a mound in the ground.

They went through this large entrance that was filled with webs all over the place, then when they got to the end, they were in some type of large open area.

Waiting for them, there was what looked like a giant spider, only there was a female body that seemed to be attached to the upper half of the it.

"Is this a humanoid beast?" Zero asked.

"Not quite, but judging by the readings, it is stronger than the last." Agent 4 replied.

Zero planned to take a back seat in this fight, because he was hoping it would be enough to give Erin a challenge and it seemed like she was up for it as well.

Entering the space, Erin held out her sword and fired out an ice tunnel directly toward the strange spider creature. When the tunnel got close it looked like its instinct had kicked in as it leapt up and landed right on top of the tunnel.

'Yes! Now that spider is going to be frozen in place making this easy!' Flora thought.

However, the tips of the spider's feet looked red hot. Steam was being produced from the ice as it was attempting to freeze the spider but it wasn't working at all. Before they knew it, the Demon tier beast was running down the ice tunnel straight towards the group.

"Interesting, then let's try fighting it seriously!" Erin said putting her large Demon sword away and pulling out her blood sword instead.

As she ran forward she started to swing her sword letting out yellow lines of aura. They hit the spider, bouncing off its hard skin, but it looked like that was only to get rid of the legs in front. Erin had quickly slid underneath so she was now under the spider.

She let go of her sword, throwing it in the air and spinning it, making it float for a brief second. Her entire body started to glow yellow all over, from the tip of her toes to the strands of hair on the top of her head. Then with one movement, she pushed and slammed the bottom of the sword with the palm of her hand.

A giant arrow of yellow aura had erupted and lifted the spider woman in the air. Blood started to pour from underneath, and as a last resort the spider part of the Demon tier beast opened its mouth, spewing hot lava all over.

It looked like there was a moment where Erin needed to catch her breath after using her move. Meaning she couldn't straight up avoid the lava, but it was not a worry to her.

"Finish the job Flora." Erin stated as she stood there and her armour started to glow.

Flora was already on the move having swung her sword out once again. The Demon tier beast was already heavily weakened from the single blow, so it was unable to block the sword swiping right at the female body's head, and cutting it off, killing the Demon tier beast.

As for Erin, she was completely fine, and had gotten out of the situation she was in, unscathed and walking away she left Zero and Agent 4 to do the dirty work of obtaining the crystal.

Zero walked up to the Demon tier beast and was thinking about what he had seen.

'The attack from a Demon tier beast is nothing to laugh at, especially when it's on its final legs. However, to come out without being hit. Her Demon tier armour… does it allow her to phase through any attack?'

'I have to find out more before making my decision about what to do. What is the cool down time, what other things is she hiding as well, and the amount of Qi and Dhampir aura she displayed in that single instant was fascinating.'

After taking out the crystal, Zero went to Agent 4 because he had made a decision.

"We need something stronger, a lot stronger than this. Take us to the largest energy source that this planet has to offer." Zero asked.

There was hesitation in Agent 4's voice as he looked at the readings. He wasn't sure when to make Zero aware of this.

"Sir, are you sure, the reading I hav-"Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

"Do you really think we would struggle, we have possibly the four strongest people from earth here right now. She had practically defeated the Demon tier beast by herself. We need something that can challenge us."

Just as everyone was getting ready to leave, the whole cave that they were in was starting to shake, to rumble, and part of the ceiling was falling down.

"Is it an earthquake or a volcano?" Flora asked.

The shaking continued one after the other, and the variations in shaking continued as well.

Looking at his tablet, there was a bad feeling that was going through his stomach. The energy readings that he was seeing were starting to grow, they were getting higher with the rumbling which made him assume it had to be from them.

'Just what is causing this, a humanoid Demon tier beast? But… there are two readings on this device.'

*****

MVS PHYSICAL BOOK Note: A while ago there was an MVS event that allowed you to get a book if taking part in the event. The books have finally been sent to me! So now all I need to do is deliver them to you.

Please contact me, Via discord link is in the synopsis of the book, or my instagram so I can gather the details of your address. If I have already reached out to you or you have reached out to me please do not worry. Also, please only contact me if you took part in the event around 6 months ago. I have a list so I know who did and who didn't.