Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿1890 The Strongest God Slayer

The sky had turned bright purple, causing the sea to have a strange purple tint. The land was full of vegetation, with trees, rocks and a few river streams there and in between. It was a heavily forested area, but it was not what it once was.

Most of the land was now destroyed, several trees were uprooted from where they were, hills had their tops blown off, and the seas had created tsunamis that submerged most of the coastal landmass.

What happened was not a normal thing for the planet, and everything changed when he arrived.

In one part of the area, the forest was completely uprooted for around a mile, and now there was nothing but dirt on the ground. When he stepped forward with a heavy foot, it sunk into the ground, and his tail shifted from side to side.

"Damn, these guys are annoying!" There was a Crystal in his hand, and not just any crystal but one which belonged to a demon-tier beast. "If I was in my normal body, then you wouldn't even be able to get a hit on me!"

Standing large, the person who looked somewhat like a Dalki with its tails and spikes but had a human face was none other than Ray Talen. Crushing his fist, he broke the crystal there and then.

"This isn't what I need, and you guys keep getting in my way. Just take me to the Nest Crystals!" Ray shouted in the air with an almighty roar.

Several beasts in the area could feel the power and instantly knew they were no match for such a person, so they decided to run away in an instant.

Out of frustration, Ray sat on the ground, and his form started to revert to a more human-like state. He now looked like a man in his thirties, with mainly red hair, but there were streaks of black hair as well.

However, like Borden, even in a human form, he could not get rid of all the scales on his face and arms. And these scales were mainly because the body he was currently in wasn't his.

It was the body of the Demon tier beast, the dragon, that had caused the mess of the Dalki in the first place. Ray's power wasn't what it used to be, and even then, his current body was under a lot of pressure, and it was hard for the dragon's body to bear even a small portion of his strength. However, he had to get stronger.

After absorbing a recent power he had inside him, he could somewhat unlock the powers he had before, but that still didn't solve the other problem he had, the fact that the body he was using was unable to contain the vast amount of power he had. This was why Ray had left Earth in search of Nest Crystals.

He managed to find a few and had successfully absorbed them, but he was annoyed after knowing how long it would take him to get his power back.

"Why did I even bother to get my power back?" Ray started to think as he stared at his palms and began to recall what had happened in the past. Ray had lived on Earth at a time when beasts still existed, but he himself was not a human. Rather, he was a beast.

He was one of the strongest beings, a dragon. However, a certain god named Bliss tricked him, and he reincarnated as a human. During that time, the world was in danger, and Bliss claimed that she had done what to avoid an unstoppable end of the world.

"I promised to leave it up to the future generations. I had already done my part for the human race." Ray said, but thinking about this, there was one thing that he never understood.

"What was Krad's goal? He wanted to bring all of the Dragons back from 'that' place. But, what even was 'that' place? It didn't feel like Earth and just reeked of death."

Whenever Ray would think back to that place, about the powers he had sensed in there and the troubles that were happening around him, the urge to regain his strength and become strong would come back again.

In the distance, crashing through the trees, was a gigantic hairless creature that looked somewhat like a dinosaur. It had a large head and small arms, but on its back were several legs, like that of a crab.

"I guess you weren't scared of my shout earlier, which means you must be a strong one!" Ray cracked his knuckles, and then kicking off from the ground where he was, he shot off like a rocket.

Ray had overshot himself though, as he was soon covered in black blood. He turned around when he landed on the ground, only to see the demon beat had already fallen and there was a large hole in its head.

"I guess I have gotten stronger than I thought. It makes me wonder though, where is the armour that I had before? Did Bliss hide it? If I had that, it would grow my strength as well. The armour was created from my own body. It's a bit weird to wear, but it just goes on to show how strong I was."

Resuming his search, Ray continued to fight beasts upon beasts, and soon when the numbers started to become larger, he realised that he might be getting closer to what he wanted.

Opening his mouth, he let out a breath of fire and burned all the beasts to a crisp. Ray then transformed and grabbed the head of one of the beasts, throwing it into the others and knocking back all of them.

Not wasting any more time, he just ran forward, cutting off limbs and more of the beasts he ran by, until he finally reached another Nest Crystal that he had been looking for.

Closing his eyes, he began absorbing the energy of the nest crystal as he always had. Then, just five minutes later, the crystal disappeared, and Ray could feel himself growing stronger again.

"That is a good feeling."

After saying these words, Ray noticed something up in the sky from the area he was just fighting in a moment ago. It was happening around four hundred metres from where he was, but the clouds were starting to swirl.

"What is that?"

White energy started to gather between the swirling clouds, and gradually, the energy began to spread out, only for it to suddenly shoot down, creating a wave in the sky and causing all of the clouds to disperse and leave a clear sky.

The beam of energy reached the ground. It was so bright that Ray even had to look away for a few seconds, but soon, the energy started to fade, and it completely dispersed revealing a person standing within it.

'So this guy teleported here?'Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The figure was around the same height as Ray when he transformed and just as muscular as him as well. The person's skin was a dark grey like coal, and there were strange markings all over his body, giving him quite a strange look.

What stood out the most though, was from the back of his shoulders, there were two large serpents that were the same colour skin as the person in front of him. However, what concerned Ray even more was the look in the person's eyes. They were light blue, radiating with cold energy, as if this person had seen things beyond what anyone could imagine.

"I am the god known as Zeko!" The man declared. "You God Slayers have enough problems for us. This is why I have been assigned the task of eliminating you. But do not feel as if this life is unfair, this is just how the universe is meant to be."

"A God?" Ray smirked, grinding his teeth and replied to Zeko, "Well, this is good, but I hope you are a strong god because I have a message for you too. I f*cking hate Gods."

*****

If you want to support me, you can do so on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

You will get access to the MWS novel and webtoon for only $5 a month.

For MVS artwork and updates, follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga