Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter ﻿1893 Friends and Enemies (Part 1)

There was an odd pair that had decided to travel together, decided wasn't quite the right word as it was more requested the two of them travel together, and at the same time, they weren't technically alone either.

"Did you really have to bring that with you?" Chris asked as they were walking through quite the busy wide street, full of life and all sorts of different people.

"This person is now a part of me, a part of my power," Peter said as he hit the large figure to his right. "You shouldn't worry too much either. Nearly no one knows what Laxmus looked like before, and especially in this form, not even those from the Red Vampires will recognize him. So stop your whining unless you want a fight."

There was no attempt to hide Laxmus' risen undead body, and it certainly was catching the attention of everyone around them. Still, due to those from the Bree family still being alive till this day, and still using their power, they just assumed that Peter was one of them, and had managed to tame the figure next to him.

Chris was the one that was in charge of this expedition, and currently, the two of them had travelled to one of the Graylash planets. These planets were far more peaceful compared to the ones near Earth where there was constant fighting.

At the same time, for Chris, it was odd seeing vampires and humans in the same place. Although there weren't many, there were those that just walked around out in the open. It made him think that maybe a life where the two of them lived side by side could work, after all, it was working here.

Just as he had that thought though, he also saw a vampire being kicked out of a restaurant establishment, the vampire looked upset but didn't retaliate, which made him have an odd mixed set of feelings.

At the same time due to the nonexistent fighting, the city, towns and land were well more normal. There was no living below sea level, there was no giant ship where people had to share their lives. There were just normal streets, shops, markets and more.

As for why they were here at the moment, it was because Chris wasn't exactly sure about where to go. He knew the general direction and knew it was past the planets the Graylash owned, so he thought maybe they would have an idea.

After all, the coordinates of such a place hadn't been shared with him, and he couldn't go back to Pure and ask either. It was a shame that the information of where they had gone hadn't been left in the lab, otherwise Logan could have given them an idea.

"So, where are we going right now?" Peter asked as he pushed past people, just walking forward with his arms crossed. If people didn't move out of his way he would just barge them and of course to them, Peter was like a solid, unmovable wall.

A couple of people had even fallen over but Peter didn't care either, stepping on or walking over them. They looked like they wanted to say something, but quickly changed their mind when they saw the body of Laxmus.

"Didn't you listen to anything I said?" Chris replied, and let out a big sigh, wishing he had been given anyone but Peter to do this task. "The Graylash have a detection system that should track every ship that comes and goes out of their space.

"Since I know the general direction, we just need to track a ship that seems like it's heading somewhere else, and then from there we can find the planets that Zero has gone to."

"I know that," Peter replied instantly, which caused a vein on Chris' head to pop out. Usually, Chris was quite a patient person, but his patience was wearing thin.

Especially since Chris had just had to pull a little girl out of Peter's path, otherwise she would have fallen over, and then had a foot on her face.

"I mean, where are we going now?" Peter asked.

"Now, Logan said once he informed the Graylash of what we wanted to do, someone wanted to meet us." Chris answered.

The two of them were on just a regular old Graylash planet. Each planet had several bases, and there was an army walking around in armour and such all over the place. They weren't anywhere special like the Graylash home base, which was why even Chris was wondering who would want to meet them.

"What is that!" A female wearing a black outfit with red curly hair came in front of the two and was pointing at Laxmus. "It… doesn't smell like a beast."

'Damn it, vampires can smell the difference between things. Why didn't I think of this, I knew this guy was going to bring us trouble.'

When Peter got close, just like he had been doing, he went to walk straight ahead. As his shoulders touched hers for a second there was resistance, but it didn't last long as the vampire fell to the floor.

"Wait!" The female said as she rolled out of the way before Peter's foot had crushed her, and quickly got back up. Not slowing down, the female could now just see the backs of the two heads walking off in the distance.

Just then, a young vampire man with grey hair had stepped out of one of the shops and joined the female by her side.

"What's wrong?" The male vampire asked.

"Lucas!" She said, "Those damned guys nearly stomped on me, and look!"

Pointing out, Lucas could see what she was pointing at, it certainly did seem interesting.

"Oh… it has a somewhat similar appearance to the Bloodsuckers of the past."

"Bloodsuckers?" She replied.

"Yes, you don't see them much these days… and it's classified as a taboo technique. Although they still exist, perhaps exist is not the right word. They still appear from time to time, but in order to keep up our image, all news, including to vampires ourselves is suppressed… but how is that one so tame."

When Lucas turned to his side, he could see his childhood friend Vanessa's eyes light up with fire, and her fist rose up by her chin. "Let's follow them. It looked like they were in a rush to go somewhere so let's follow them."

——

Eventually, Chris and Peter reached their destination. It was the centre of the city. A large open circular area with a fountain in the middle. Behind the fountain was the government building or the Graylash base of the city.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Even this place was full of people, children that were having fun playing in the water, running and chasing after each other. There were those that looked to be having a nice trip, couples and families.

'That reminds me, didn't Lucia return to one of the Graylash planets… not that she would be here.' Just as Peter had that thought, by the fountain sitting on the outer rim, he felt like he was imagining things, so he rubbed his eyes, but it looked like it was her.

"Peter!" Lucia shouted, hopping off from the rim, but she wasn't alone, there was another figure by her side around the same height as her, he was wearing a strange white and golden robe, and his face was hidden due to a metal mask covering the bottom of it.

"I didn't think I would be seeing you so soon." Lucia said, twiddling her fingers as she felt a little awkward as to how to act or what to do.

"Neither did I, why… why are you here?" Peter asked.

The response had disappointed her greatly, but Peter didn't seem to know, or act.

"I was asked to come here. When we were told who was coming, I had been asked, by our leader." Lucia replied and bowed down to the person next to her.

"It's nice to meet you both… especially you, Chris," Zinon stated, the current leader of the Graylash faction.

*****

If you want to support me, you can do so on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

You will get access to the MWS novel and webtoon for only $5 a month.

For MVS artwork and updates, follow me on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga