Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Although Quinn had never done such a thing with his blood before, it seemed like his theory had worked out, and his celestial blood had managed to make a connection with the Nest crystals. However, it wasn't just one Nest crystal, in total it looked like there were eight.

As there were eight glowing lines going straight towards where Quinn was.

'Since I have been studying more about how my powers work, it has allowed me to do more things with my powers. The more I learn about celestial energy, the shadow power, and the energies of the world in general, the more things I am able to do with them.

'I guess this was how the others were able to come up with their own techniques or own powers in the first place. Not just by replicating what they see.' Quinn thought, but he needed to focus on this strange occurrence.

'Why are there so many Nest Crystals in one location? Eight in total, there has to be a reason for this.'

Opening up his eyes, he could see Minny right in front of him just staring at the lines of blood on the floor. She too, looked to be concentrating and looking at what Quinn was doing. Then, when all of the blood lines returned to Quinn and seeing him stand up, she clapped her hands.

"What was that, that thing you did, can Minny do it as well?" Minny asked.

"I'm not sure…" Quinn replied back. "Although I'm sure in the future you will have plenty of time to test out those things. And besides, is there any reason for you to learn how to do something like that?"

Minny pumped her fist in the air as she smiled.

"Of course there is, I want to be as strong as Daddy! If I am Daddy's daughter then I need to be just as strong as him."

From the stories he had heard, Minny was quite the little monster vampire. Being incredibly strong, especially when using her celestial form, but Quinn treated Minny like his own and he would never want her to go into battle

"Hopefully there will be no need for you to worry about how strong you are in the future. Besides, let me take that burden." Quinn said as he picked Minny up, carrying her on his shoulders.

This time, since he knew where he was going and since it was slightly faster, he decided to run out there on his feet. Around an hour of running later, he had reached his destination.

The land of Mars was much like that of Earth, apart from the ground that was more of a red colour rather than a typical soil due to the high content of iron. It made some of the plants and trees that grew on the planet more robust compared to those on earth.

Which was why the current sight was strange. The trees, the grass, and nearly everything in the area looked to have been destroyed with no signs of life… like the old way of Mars, and for the first time, Quinn could see beasts.

One popped out of the ground looking like a giant lizard, it was standing on its back two legs attempting to bite down on another beast. As for the other creature, it looked more like a large insect with many long limbs and joints, it had wings as well but they looked to have been destroyed.

Since the two were fighting against each other, they had completely ignored Quinn as he continued forward. The only thing was, this scene that Quinn saw, was becoming a common occurrence.

More beasts were fighting each other as he got closer and closer to where the Nest crystals were. It wasn't just the number that was increasing, but also the tier of beasts. They were getting higher, and sometimes more than one beast was fighting against each other.

It was then that Quinn had seen one beast kill another and start to consume the crystal that was in its body.

'Is this the reason why the beasts have gotten stronger and have increased in level? Because they are constantly fighting against each other?'

Soon Quinn would know that his theory was right on point, because he had finally reached the Nest crystals. Where the largest parts of battle were going on.

Battles between all types of beasts continued as Quinn and Minny were in the thick of it. Once in a while Quinn would have to quickly move from his position to avoid getting hit by the attacks. The heat and energy was intense as most of the beasts here were at the Demi god tier level.

Then looking around he could see the Nest crystals, all of them were around a few hundred meters apart from each other.

'So the beasts that are being produced by the Nest crystals themselves are the cause of their infighting and battles. This is causing them to grow in strength quite quickly as they consume the beast crystals of their fallen prey.

'Andy told me not to get rid of the Nest crystals, but I suppose if I move them, then it should solve the problem as well. It might not solve the problem of the Horde attacks, I still have no idea why that is going on, but it will at least stop the high level Horde attacks from going on.'Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

When Quinn took a step forward towards the Nest crystals though, two of the large beasts that were fighting had turned their heads.

'I guess protecting the Nest crystals is still the most important thing to you.

Using blood aura, Quinn had hardened it to create two swords in his hands.

"I'm not much of a swordsman, but I have enough power and speed to do this."

A long-necked creature shot out its head, snapping it towards Quinn. Stepping to the side, he swung his blood aura sword down and sliced right through the beast's head, killing it as the head fell to the ground.

"I was just going to get rid of all the Nest crystals, but I guess I need to get rid of all of you annoying ones before I do anything else." Quinn stated, as the sword energy dispersed into nothing and he made a cut on his hand, ready to throw it onto the ground.

Just then, a large vine came out towards Quinn aiming to hit him, Quinn was going to take the attack as he thought it would do nothing to hurt him, as he had other ways to deal with such a thing, but before it got close… Minny had trapped the lightning fast green whip-like tentacle, and used her other hand to cut it straight off.

"See, I protected Daddy!" Minny cheered.

"Yes you did, thank you, and now daddy can get to work."

Placing his hand on the ground, blood had entered through the cracks, forcing itself to spread out in the entire area. Just like before, only this time, it was an attack rather than locating a certain object.

Out from the ground, right where the beasts were, several spikes of blood shot up, piercing through all of the beasts in a certain way.

It was the blood forest skill being used in action, as a wide range attack, how Quinn had originally intended it to be used. The only thing was, the blood forest attack also allowed one to consume the blood of its enemies that it pierced, but for the beasts their blood was still something that didn't quite work for vampires like him.

Now that all the beasts were dealt with, it was time for Quinn to grab the Nest crystals and move them apart. As he was doing this, and moving them around Mars, a thought came into his head.

'I wonder… there should be enough Nest crystals in this place, I should make note of where these are just in case they are needed again at some point.'

At the same time, Quinn had decided to take one of them for himself. He knew there were plenty and a certain someone that he was about to meet… perhaps there was a way he could use it to get stronger himself.

Now Quinn had the Nest crystal that could be used on Fex.

After splitting up all the crystals, Quinn had completed the task in half a day and was ready to return to the base. On his way there, he had used the shadow travel to avoid all of the Vampire Corps members because right now he just didn't want to deal with all of that.

After that, he had gone to the office where he soon found Andy.

Popping up, Andy was surprised to see him back so soon.

——

"Wait, you're saying it should all be okay now?" Andy replied, quite speechless.

"Somewhat. You won't have the same problem to the degree you were having before. Especially not any time soon since I dealt with all the beasts in the area. So, now that I have completed my half of the deal, I think it's time you completed yours."

Andy shook his head in disbelief, a problem that had been plaguing them for years had been solved in less than a day. It was safe to say Andy had underestimated the strength of the person in front of him.

"Very well, let's get going, shall we." After saying these words, Andy thought Quinn would be happy, but instead he had a large frown on his face, and it almost looked like there was a vein about to pop. It was the first time he had seen a certain someone so angry.

That was because Quinn was angry, because there was a message from a certain someone through his system.

[A message has been received from Celestial 'Bliss.']

*****

Support my Kickstarter: My Werewolf System/ Shrine. 5 Days left! 120 PERCENT COMPLETE

If you guys didn't know, I and owner Jin started Shrine, trying to create a platform for Western artists to create content in the Manga style.