Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Russ's body had taken on a similar form to his opponent Weet. The only thing different was the human body and because of this, the celestial was being a little careful.

Flapping his wings, Russ rose up high in the air, and parts of his body started to glow blue just like Weet. Now the celestial knew what was coming next, this wasn't just an imitation it was an exact copy of what was to come.

Several sharp blue lasers shot out towards the celestial. Since there was only one target, all the small lasers had spread making it impossible for the attack to miss and Weet knew this best.

Which was why it decided to cover its head with its two large wings. The two claw like ends of the wings had interlocked with each other. The next second the wings had expanded creating half a ball blocking the vital parts of the celestial.

The lasers had hit the wings causing smoke to come off from them. There was a slight tingling sensation that was felt, but the attack didn't get through, and the lasers eventually stopped.

Opening up its wings, the calm face of the bird was still present, if anything it looked like Weet was now smiling.

"My attack is a strong one, but nothing can get through the defense of these wings. Honestly, I'm quite impressed you managed to even slightly injure them." Weet proclaimed.

That was when the smile on Weet's face had vanished because he noticed that Russ was doing something. He was still in the air and the spiraling patterns that were on his wings and tail, they were lighting up once more.

"Whatever you can do, I can do better." Russ stated, as he used the same attack once again. Lasers came out from his body all aiming toward Weet.

The attack was incredibly fast and the only reason why Weet was able to block it last time was due to it somewhat guessing what its opponent was going to do.

'There should be a slight cool down before releasing an attack like that again, how was he able to release it twice in a row?' Weet struggled but did the only thing it could do, and that was to give the same attack back.

Its body lit up, and several blue lasers came out from its body, aiming to match each one of Russ's. The great eyesight that Weet had allowed it to do such a thing.

"Your mere imitation will never be as good as mine God Slayer!" Weet shouted.

When both of the lasers hit each other, it didn't last long as there was a clear winner in power out of the two. Russ's lasers had completely destroyed Weet's and continued forward hitting each part of Weet's body.

Using the lasers he brought them together to condense the power of them even more, and pushed Weet with his own powers until it was on the ground unable to get up. The force of it was strong and its whole skin and body was burning up.

"How can this be… it makes no sense!" Weet struggled and eventually managed to muster up the great strength to move its wings and block the condensed lasers. It was for a brief second which allowed Weet to push with its tail moving from its position.

There were several parts of flesh that were burning on the celestial where it had pierced through its rough skin, but slowly they were starting to heal, forming back to what they once were.

Weet's head was shaking with rage.

"This is why I wanted to finish things quickly and through the other way!"

——

Watching the fight from the celestial space, Bliss was impressed with what Russ had done. She had expected him to put up somewhat of a fight, but this was beyond what she had imagined.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

'He must have obtained quite a few Nest crystals if he's able to make attacks like that appear.' Bliss thought. 'This is why Russ is important for the world.

'His powers aren't an illusion like many people guess. It's different, and in a way, it's a counter to the celestials that think incredibly highly of themselves. Which is just causing Russ's powers to be boosted even more.

'Still, there is a problem, if you still had her by your side I wouldn't worry… but the stronger these attacks are…'

——

Frustrated, Weet flew into the air, and started to spin its body. As it did and picked up the pace. It started to give off a strange blue aura. The air looked denser around the celestial strangely.

Seeing this, Russ did the same as what Weet had done before, and closed his wings together. In doing so, they expanded in size creating half a ball like shield.

'I know from your words before, that in your mind, you think that there is nothing that can break through this! So this should work!'

The next moment, Weet slammed into Russ's wings and waves and waves of pressure continued to hit behind Russ. Some of the buildings that were high enough were being destroyed and evaporating into nothing.

Still in the air, still there, was Russ though, all in one piece.

Both Weet and Russ fell to the ground.

"How! How were you able to block my attack!"

"I guess you just think your defence is stronger than your attack," Russ replied but was heavily concerned about something after that attack.

The question had popped into his mind, how could he win this fight? Russ was on a time limit due to his MC cells. He had landed an attack, but the celestial in front of him looked completely fine.

With everything he had, searching through his powers he didn't have a solution to win, not unless he could continuously use his powers freely like he could before.

'I need more nest crystals, more power, before I fight someone like this.' Which was why Russ had decided to run.

He flapped his wings and flew off into the distance, weaving and swerving in and out of the buildings. He continued going forward but in the end, the buildings had ended and now there was just long grass for a few good miles.

Turning his head, Russ was trying to see if Weet was chasing after him, and there he was, right on his tail. When close enough, Weet flapped its wing and a beam of energy was shot out hitting Russ right on its body, sending him flying and crashing into the ground.

His arm was bleeding and he was in pain.

'My real body was hit… this is bad, it's harder to… fake it.' Russ thought.

Now he was starting to wonder if running was the best decision for him to make, but fighting, he would have eventually lost he knew because there were some things he could see that he couldn't use.

'I will just have to buy time.' Russ thought standing up and retracting the wings and tail into his body.

Russ started to walk and each time he took a step, a copy of him seemed to appear. He continued this, creating ten versions of himself.

"You have seen what I can do, do you really think just copying yourself is going to do anything? I will just kill you all." Weet declared, as its body lit up, and the other Russ's started to disappear.

It wasn't quite the same laser attack as before, it was almost as if there were small particles of energy that were hitting everything, and that included Russ's body.

Slowly, he could see that the air looked to be glowing slightly blue and his skin was starting to hurt all over. It was a strange sensation as if he was being burnt alive.

Trying to move, he could still feel pain, until.

"Just get out of there," a voice said and suddenly Russ could feel his body being dragged and moved out of the strange glowing dust. He crashed against the grass and found himself looking up.

"Qu..Quinn." Russ said surprised to see him here of all places.

Standing in the middle between the two of them now, was none other than Quinn.

"BB, I have heard a lot about you, but I am here to tell you that I am not your enemy. We are both celestials and we both have a task, to get rid of the God Slayers.

"But if you choose to go against us that will be bad, not just for you, but for Earth as well. So, choose." Weet asked.

****

BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: I have a Webtoon out on Webtoon! It's called, Just a Goblin. A system story about a goblin leveling up to get rid of the humans! Check it out now! Now has 94,000 Subs as we speak.