Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 204 Saving

A Strange shadow had risen from the bottom of the door. Now it had completely covered it. A few seconds had passed, and it looked like some type of shadow hand had formed, reaching out to the Kenny, the guard in green beast gear. He quickly reacted taking a few steps back, not allowing the hand to touch him.

He had never seen anything like it before, so he made sure to be cautious. It was a phenomenon unknown to him, so first he needed to find out what it did, before he could act accordingly. He took a single needle and swirled it around in his mouth before throwing it towards the shadow, but when the needle hit, strangely enough, there seemed to be no reaction at all.

"What is this thing, is it some kind of ability?" This was not good, judging by the screams inside it was clear that one of the students was still awake, if they were using their ability right now, it could be the end of the Truedream family.

Of course it was Quinn, he had used his shadow cloak ability to sneak up to the remaining guard in the hallway, and when he heard Jack Truedream screaming for help, he had decided to distract the guard, to give Vorden a chance to sneak into the room and take care of Jack. When he started his shadow control ability, he had to drop his shadow cloak, so the guard was going to notice him any second now.

The guard started to look around to see if there was any other way into the room and that’s when he spotted someone. A man dressed in all black suit of armour, wearing a demon mask covering his face. Even the top of his head was covered showing him the jagged white mechanical eyes of the suit.

"Is it you?" The guard said. He knew he had to get inside quickly, because of the main weakness his boss had. Which was that he couldn’t use the abilities he took from others, he was only able to give them to other people. So at the moment, he was defenceless without his guards.

Quinn said nothing in response and started to dash forward, bringing the shadow from the door back to him, it was now hovering above him. The guard saw this, and immediately threw several needles but the shadow managed to block them all.

Quinn quickly moved to the side and pulled the shadow in close to him. Allowing the needless to pass through and continue down the hallway.

"Damn it, this is the problem going up against an original!" The guard was right. One of the main advantages one would have in a fight was knowing the ability of the other. Using the information Logan had given him, and his inspect skill. Quinn knew he couldn’t chance getting hit by those needles.

He wasn’t sure if his suit was strong enough to block them, so he would keep the shadow close to himself for protection.

When the guard saw that his needles were ineffective, he quickly pulled out his dagger, he was waiting for Quinn to get close. However, when they were around nine meters apart, Quinn jumped into the air spinning his body and then threw out a kick from the side.

[Blood crescent kick]

A large crescent shape line of red aura came out strong and fast. The man had never expected this, he thought because the shadow was only used for defence so far, it would now be used for an attack, so he was keeping a keen eye on the shadow’s movements. But instead, it looked like his opponent was using a completely different ability.

He could do nothing but take the attack head-on, when the aura was directly in front of him he struck at the red aura, which then shattered and disappeared. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Quinn stood still for a moment. His new skill was one of his strongest attacks when comparing it to others. The only one stronger has his Blood Hammer. Still, the person in front of him was easily able to shatter it with his weapon, and there didn’t seem to be a chip or anything on it.

Right now Quinn had to be incredibly cautious if he was to get out of here alive.

What he didn’t know was, that at the same time the guard in green gear was having similar thoughts.

’What was that attack? It was so powerful?’ He thought.

His hand was feeling numb from the impact of the blow, and it had taken a decent amount of strength for him to shatter that red aura.

"Who are you, you should know who we are, why are you attacking?" The guard tried to distract Quinn.

Quinn spoke into the mask which gave him an altered deep electronic voice. "We know what you have been doing. We from Pure have been following your actions for a while now. We’re here to save those kids from you!" Quinn said.

Right now he was improvising on the spot, and Logan was helping him with what to say. The reason why Logan thought this would be their best option was so they wouldn’t run an investigation on those closest to the kids.

In a way, it was true that Pure had informed them of Mr. Truedream’s plans, but they weren’t the only ones taking action. Knowing this they were less likely to think someone associated with the kids were trying to save them.

’Come on Vorden, hurry up.’ Quinn thought.

While Quinn was busy dealing with the guard Vorden had snuck past and entered the room. Or rather it was Raten who was in control now. He was using an invisibility ability he took earlier, making it so he couldn’t be seen.

As he entered the room, he saw the students slumped over in their chairs and Jack hiding behind the desk, while Peter was in front of him just looking at him.

"Go away, or you will regret this!" Jack shouted.

"Are you threatening me?" Peter asked, and for the first time, a slight smile appeared on his face. "You know if it wasn’t for my master’s orders you would be dead by now."

"I knew you were working for someone, tell me who it is and I’ll spare you," Jack said his voice still feeling a little shaky.

Suddenly, Logan had an urgent message, "guys the guard chasing Fex has given up, and is now on his way back, you have to grab them and get out of there now! "

Raten then went to the corner of the room where one of the wooden shelves was displayed and activated his fire ability setting the whole thing alive with fire.

"Peter Grab, Erin and get out of here, Quinn’s orders!" Raten shouted.

Peter did as he was told and picking up Erin quickly ran out of the room. But before Raten left he stared at Jack.

"Raten what are you doing I said not to touch him?" Vorden said "You know we don’t have a clue about how his ability works, if it’s like ours and we touch him, we might even lose our own. And then we would be defenceless. Maybe Erin’s ability was taken but if ours gets stolen as well, we would become useless.

"I wasn’t going to suggest that," Raten said. "I think we should kill him here and now. Then that way he will no longer be a problem."

****

Want another mass release?

Then remember to vote using your stones below!

Stone goals are in the author’s notes.

Instagram for MVS art: jksmanga