Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

When the masks were pulled off, the faces that Quinn could see had hit him in his memory bank. They were faces that he felt like he would never forget, no matter how much time had passed.

Both of these people had been a big part of his life. Peter, the first person he had turned, one of his most loyal friends who was even by his side for a 1000 years while he was in Eternal slumber. Then there was Chris, one who taught him how to utilise Qi properly and in some ways saved his life. In the end, they had worked together to help him and his friends in their fight.

Even though Quinn had his neck held at this moment, quite firmly, that still didn't stop him from displaying his underlying anger. He gritted his teeth and his fangs were rubbing against the bottom of his gums causing small cuts in his mouth.

'Jim! Not only did you lie to everyone that I know, making everyone forget about me, claiming all of this for your own, but what you have done… No, what you are doing right now, you're using my friends. Those that are dear to me, and helped me in the past to accomplish your deeds!'

Jim was looking dead ahead at Quinn, there was an underlying smile on his face, his muscles were twitching, but it was as if he was holding back. He knew exactly what he was doing, by revealing these two in front of him.

Yet, he was unable to smile in the open, because right now he was playing a character, and in this story Quinn was the big villain that needed to be stopped.

"You demon!" Jim shouted out. "I thought this day would come. Richard Eno, had warned me about this."

Speaking loudly, Jim did so, so that the others could hear, including the other originals.

"The demon, who cursed us originals in the first place and turned us into what we are today. I guess you're afraid, afraid that we would surpass you in strength, so you have come to stop us."

There was a lot Quinn wanted to say, he wanted to desperately dispute this fact and argue back, but it was useless. Unlikely anyone would believe him, and even if they did, how would it turn the situation around.

On top of that, due to the way Ray was holding onto Quinn's throat, he could hardly say a word.

Jim started to walk forward, and as he did, Chris and Peter walked by his side as if they were his guards.

"Now, there are a lot of things that I will need to do with you, and that I need to say." Jim said.

Turning his head around suddenly, Ray looked back at them all.

"What are you doing?" Ray asked, his eyes staring directly at all three of them, and like a heatwave, energy had hit all three of them.

For a second, Jim was incredibly nervous as he gulped.

"What's wrong… Did I do something?" Jim asked.

"This person, is now my business." Ray said. "So you should stay out of it. If you want to do something with him then you need to do it after. I have some questions of my own for him."

Jim's head was now racing, questions, why did the being known as Ray suddenly have questions to ask Quinn? Was there a connection between the two? How? Did the two know each other, was Ray going to switch sides?

He needed to stop the two from talking, but that would mean going up against him.

At the same time Quinn found this as an opportunity, it was clear from the fight before that Ray no longer saw him as a friend, the questions were revealing something else, but there was a gap that would allow him to act.

The shadow from below rose and grabbed Ray by the legs, while at the same time, on the shadow on the ground looked like multiple lines, thousands of arms of shadow that were pulling at the arms of the shadow on the floor.

Although the shadow wasn't directly around Ray's arms, and he was only touching his shadow, he could feel it having an effect on him. It felt like some invisible force was moving his hands.

Slowly, the shadow started to pull each of the fingertips away, eventually pulling the entirety of Ray's hands to the side out of the way.

'This is my chance, I need to make a big hit.'

[Nitro accelerate skill has been activated]

[The skill is still in cool down]

[Blood will be used to supplement the armour's power]

Quinn's shadow could do a number of things, and he realised that his shadow powers could be used on other people's shadow, objects, buildings as well, in a way where it would affect the real object.

It was similar to when Quinn used his soul weapon. When attacking one's shadow, the wounds would appear on the user, but now Quinn could use his shadow to produce multiple arms on the ground that would pull away Ray's hand.

With the physical shadow laced in with Qi holding onto Ray's leg, he was now wide open for an attack.

With all the speed of Nitro accelerate Quinn didn't have time to pick up speed, and he threw out his fist while gathering as much of his blood aura as possible, he spun it like a drill and shoved his whole fist right in Ray's face.

It made contact, and several pulses of blood aura rippled out as it hit Ray's face. Blood was pouring out from his skin as the drill tore it to shreds. Skidding across the floor, Ray soon had stopped.

His face had been injured, bleeding slightly, but it was a light wound on his body.

"It looks like you have even more skills with the shadow than I thought, but that was perhaps your only, and last chance, to beat me." Ray stated.

The words rang true in Quinn's head as well. Because now his health was lowering by the second while using the Nitro accelerate. He had to end the skill at some point, and even with the blood bank restoring his health, then what?

Not only would he have to fight Ray, but Chris, and Peter as well. The two of them together wouldn't be easy for Quinn, not unless he was willing to do harm to them.

While looking at the situation, his eyes had matched Edvard's, and he could see he had regained consciousness, and was mouthing a few words.

'You have to run…' Edvard mouthed. 'I've given you… what you need. Go from there…'

Quinn had made out what he could, but it was difficult for him to understand. What they needed was to find out how they altered the others' memories, but if this information was with Edvard, how would he get it now?

Even with Nitro accelerate his chances of getting Edvard out of there were slim.

Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

'Wait, he has given me what I need? So he says I already have it.'

At that moment, Ray was running towards Quinn, he had a large fist out, and it looked like wings were starting to spread out from his back. As they cut through the air, they gave him a little boost.

Perhaps, even with Nitro Accelerate the two would now be at similar speeds. Ray had yet to use the peak of his strength and although Quinn hadn't used his soul weapon, right now, it was a losing fight.

"Jim!" Quinn shouted. "You will regret everything you did… and I want you to remember everyday so you can't sleep, that I will be coming after you."

The shadow had completely consumed Quinn's body, and when it did, he disappeared and Quinn was no longer there. Ray had stopped in his tracks, sensing that the strong power was no more.

"He… ran away." Ray said.

———

Using the shadow link, Quinn had suddenly appeared by Minny's side, right in the centre of her classroom.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.