Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Jim Eno, along with Ray and the rest of the original leaders were just staring into the space where Quinn once was. As Jim stared longer at the area where the fight had taken place, the anger was building up more and more inside of him.

"Damn it, his energy just disappeared just like that!" Jim shouted. He knew, having some information on the punishers, the skill he had likely used, but this would mean that he had travelled to another with the shadow power.

Since the fight seemed to be somewhat over, and the energy was lessening in the area, the original leaders started to come out from behind the torn down buildings, towards Jim. While Grenlet, also couldn't help but look at the beaten Edvard.

'The plan failed, and not even Quinn was strong enough to go against that guard.' Grenlet thought. 'It seems like our instincts were right. Whoever, or whatever, that thing that was next to Jim is something that none of us should get involved with, but what will happen now, and do they know about me.'

"It seems like you want to say something to me?" Ray asked, walking over.

Jim wasn't in a rush to speak, because this person was the most difficult to deal with, especially with others all around the place.

"You agreed to help me, and I just thought that you might have changed your mind. If that's the case, then please inform me." Jim stated.

"I see now." Ray replied. "You think I let him go on purpose. I'll tell you now that's not the case. His power is related to my past, who is related to someone else that I would like to talk to, that's all. Either way since he is no longer here, and you have your other two friends by your side. I will go and take a rest."

Jumping from his position, Ray disappeared into the sky as he went off to do his own thing, but he wouldn't be leaving the planet. Now, Jim's attention was turned to the original leaders.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Sir!" Magnus said, as he was heavy footed in his steps. "That damn Quinn, who was he? Is he really a demon from another world?"

When looking at the originals, Jim wasn't pleased at all. These were the best of the best, the strongest vampires, yet they were unable to hold Quinn back. At the same time, with the way they were now, they were almost a double edged sword.

One of them had already betrayed him. What were the chances that it would happen again in the future, or that there weren't already others that were in their support.

"I believe that's the case. I have been doing a lot of research into them. I'll be honest, it's part of the reason why we have been travelling out here as well." Jim answered.

Below him, on the ground, he could see that Edvard had regained consciousness and he needed to come up with a solution.

'I should have changed the original leaders' memories as well so they are more loyal to me… but changing their memories alone so its co-current with the rest of the vampires is difficult.

'On top of that… if I want to change memories again, it would mean paying a visit to Jack… maybe that's not such a bad thing. Perhaps there is a way we can have him deal with the problem instead?'

There was more than a single problem for Jim to figure out, and in his head there were multiple enemies around him that he needed to get rid off. When thinking about the situation, it suddenly clicked in his head, when he heard the other original leaders talking.

'Wait… Magnus knew his name. The fact that he was on this planet, he had to have joined as a soldier. If that's the case, has he been living at the settlement this whole time?'

"You guys, you knew his name. I'm guessing that means he was a member of the Settlement, and for the originals to know him, what's the reason?" Jim asked.

The others felt a bit silly now that they didn't look further into him, but Magnus answered in the end.

"The man, Quinn Balen, was a guard that worked for the ninth family. I can only assume that Edvard already knew his identity, because his strange actions from before are starting to make sense." Magnus answered.

"However, he didn't really stand out. The reason we all know him is because of a family member of his that stood out. She was an extremely talented vampire in the settlement."

Inwardly Jim was smiling, as there was a chance now.

"There is a good chance that the place he has returned to is the vampire settlement. Even if he hasn't, he will certainly be there eventually because that's where his family is.

"Inform everyone in the vampire settlement to apprehend anyone related to Quinn, as well as those that were close to him. I want the same for anyone who was on this planet that had contact with Quinn, bring them in for questioning."

With the orders made, the original leaders bowed down, and Jim was already walking back to the building he was in before.

'Now that I'm the one chasing after you Quinn, I want you to know that there is nowhere for you to hide, no where for you to go. The vampire settlement, the Graylash planets, even Earth, all of it and more is in my control.'

The order was sent out everywhere, including to those that were on the Namrik planet. The vampires were rounding up the groups sent form the ninth family but it didn't take them long to pinpoint which group he was in.

Ronkin, Jeouk, and all of the others that were on the same ship as Quinn were treated like criminals, as vampires surrounded them, and started to escort them to the capital city.

Looking down on the ground, even though stuck in this situation both Ronkin and Jeouk weren't thinking about their own safety or what would happen to them, but just what was happening to Quinn.

'Quinn… I know you better than anyone else. You're not a bad person…' Ronkin thought, as a memory stuck out in his head.

After a specialised ability user had been called to heal his son of his special aliment, Ronkin had tried multiple times to meet up with Edvard, attempting to thank him for what he had done, and one day they had met.

To his surprise Edvard stated that he wasn't the reason his son had been treated. Edvard couldn't take credit for something he hadn't done, and had slipped out a relatively large hint as to who it was.

'I believe you Quinn… I will always believe you.'

With the investigation ongoing and the order being sent out to the vampire settlement. There was still something else that Jim needed to do. When he reached the building, he soon connected to a special device that had been set up in the office.

It was a small square that once pressing a single button would become a large transmitter that could communicate with those through space.

"I didn't expect to get a call from you so soon." Jack stated. "I thought you said that you had everything handled there, is there some kind of help you need?"

The tone of voice, the arrogance, everything was annoying Jim. Having worked with this person for a long time, day by day, little things this person did infuriated Jim, yet what annoyed him even more was that he could do nothing to this person.

"Everything is fine regarding the Namriks, but I have a bit of information that I think you will be interested in." Jim replied. "One of the ones that ruined your life is at the vampire settlement. By my calculations you shouldn't be far from there, and you have my permission to get rid of him.

"I'm sure you're smart enough to figure out that I am talking about him, Quinn Talen."

******

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.