Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

"Is that an adult in our class." A small quiet voice said.

"Wait, where did he come from. Did he come from the ground?"

"Yeah, I think I saw him rise from the ground."

"Wait, that's not just any strange adult, that's Minny's dad."

It was safe to say that out of all the locations Minny could have been in at this point and time, that the school, in the middle of the classroom, was not the best one. However, Quinn was in a better situation than he thought.

The homeroom teacher Miss Bedford was focusing on something on the board, and only the kids had seen Quinn rise through Minny's shadow. Due to how young they were, they knew little to nothing about the Punishers and if anything, they were wondering why Quinn was here.

The memories of the vampire had stuck in their mind after they had seen what he had done to Tobi's mother. On top of that, it was hard to forget a face like Quinn's. Which was why when Miss Bedford did eventually turn around, her face blushed.

"Oh my! What... is there a problem, Mr. Balen?" Miss Bedford asked.

The thing was, Quinn wasn't in the best state, he was hurt from the fight, and although he didn't have many external wounds he could feel his insides were slightly damaged, and his blood bank for some reason wasn't healing the wounds.

Ray's powers were always a mystery and even now, Quinn still didn't quite grasp his enormous strength. Nevertheless, he looked at Minny, as he didn't have time to explain himself.

"I'm sorry, everyone for what you might be put through." Quinn said, as he grabbed Minny and placed her under his arm. "And I thank you all for looking after Minny."

After that, as quick as he came in, Quinn had already left with Minny. Rather than using his shadow powers, he had escaped out of the classroom door, then switched to his shadow powers when no one could see him.

He didn't want to cause a panic just yet, because he knew that was coming.

"Abby." Tobi called out. "Why do I get a bad feeling about the words Minny's father used? It almost sounded like... we're never going to see her again."

Abby didn't reply, because she had the same feeling as well. The lesson had continued on for a short while.

Although Miss Bedford was left confused and unsure about what had happened, she needed to wait till the class had ended, but in the end, there wasn't a need for that either, as a direct message had been sent to her head.

'Miss Bedford, please bring the student known as Minny Balen to the head office.'

Her heart started to thump louder after hearing this message, Minny was already gone, and what could they want her for? It was only moments later that several permanent guards had rushed into the room.

They had burst the door open causing the young children to scream as they were startled, and they could immediately see that one of the seats was empty.

"Where is the student!" The guard asked.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"The... father was her a few minutes ago and took her away." Miss Bedford answered. She could tell that the guards were not in the mood to chit chat, as they already had their blood aura active in case there was a need for it to be used.

"Lessons are cancelled for the day. All students are to stay in their classrooms, and everyone is to report if they either see Quinn Balen, or see the student named Minny! Keep your eyes peeled!" The guard ordered.

A couple stayed in the classroom, while others went off searching. Through the classroom windows they could see that there were vampires all over the school, and it was clear they were all looking for one person.

'What... what do they want Minny for!' Tobi clenched his fist.

------

It took a little longer for Quinn to get home as he was being careful not to be seen. He imagined at any moment that the situation would take a turn for the worst. Travelling through his shadow travel wasn't invisible, but in dark shadows it was harder to spot than normal.

Eventually when he got back, he could see Layla and Galen in their room.

"Layla!" Quinn said.

Layla jumped back a little out of shock, but seeing how Quinn was sweating slightly and the fact that he was here before the war was over, she was already assuming that it was for the worst.

"I... failed. We have to leave this place... Jim knows about us, any second now he could make it so the whole settlement goes after us." Quinn stated.

"They know about us." Her horns were turning red but only at the bottom, it was a sign of dread and worry. "What happened, if Jim knows about us, knowing you, you would have planned to take him out."

Layla was starting to gather items from the house, photos and more. Seeing this, Quinn quickly went around the place and was storing all their belongings in the shadow that were of importance.

"I don't have time to explain! We need a ship first, to get out of here, after that we can figure out what to do then."

Layla nodded in agreement, right now wasn't the time to be panicking, they needed to keep their family safe, it was the number one priority. With the pre-warning, all of them had escaped from the house. Quinn was still holding onto Minny, while Layla was holding onto Galen.

They hadn't moved far from the house just yet, as they heard the sound of several footsteps, and were currently in an alleyway. From there they saw it all.

As countless vampires had surrounded the house and the area they were in. They most likely had set up checkpoints as well.

"How are we going to get out of this situation?" Layla asked.

"Right now, we just have to get off the planet as quickly as possible. Even if we were caught, we could fight our way through, but then everyone would be after us. With the shadow travel we should be able to get there without much of a problem."

"Does... this mean I have to leave school?" Minny asked, there was a hint of sadness in her voice, it almost sounded as if she was holding back her tears.

"I'm sorry Minny." Quinn said. "I guess you were starting to enjoy school right. I will fix all of this. I always do, right? So for now, just listen to Daddy and Mommy okay?"

Minny nodded, she had always been good in tough situations and this certainly was a tough situation for them. Just in case they did get in a fight, Quinn wanted to put Galen in his shadow space.

Which was what he did, or at least what he attempted to do. While using his shadow powers on Galen, he had disappeared into the shadow space, but right where he had been put in, Galen would pop out again, standing.

"What are you doing? I can't fight as well if I'm looking after Galen." Layla whispered.

"It's not that." Quinn replied as he placed Galen in his shadow space again, yet he had popped out once more.

'How... How is he able to do that? Galen doesn't have the power of the shadow does he? Nor is he attacking the shadow space.'

When Quinn went to do the same again, as he brought his hands forward, Galen shook his head.

"You don't want to go in there?" Quinn asked.

"Minny doesn't want to either." She said. "I want to help. You always say we are a family, and you want to protect us, but we are strong too, dad. Me, Mum and even Galen."

His family was stubborn, the easiest thing to do was to put them all in his shadow space and he travelled to the spaceship docking. At the end of the day, arguing with them wasn't going to help and time was of the essence.

"Fine, but we are using my shadow travel to get out of here, and listen to what I say!" Quinn stated.

"We... are the Talen family." Minny said. "I hate the name Balen. From now on, I never want to use that fake name again."

Quinn nodded in agreement, as he and his Talen family, were on the move.

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back