Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The whole school had been searched top to bottom and there were still no traces of either Minny, or her father, and the search had even extended to other family members as well.

Jared, one of the top students before Minny came along, was paying attention to what the others were saying. While sitting in his class seat, he closed his eyes, focusing on his ears. Although a vampire's hearing was better than most, it was hard for them to separate the conversation and sounds around them.

The more they could hear, also meant that there were more distractions, but Jared had been training with one of the best in the settlement, the original known as Magnus.

'So they're looking for Minny and her family? What happened? Did they find out about Minny and her mother's strength? No, that makes no sense, especially for something this big.'

Looking at the palm of his hand, there was a small marking that started to light up, the image of an eye and two wings. Soon he had connected with a certain someone.

'Master, the settlement, it's in chaos searching for Minny and her family, do you know what's going on?' Jared asked.

The marking had been made shortly after Jared had become Magnus' student and he stated it was necessary for the two to have each other's trust.

'It's an order from Jim.' Magnus replied. 'There is something I want to warn you about. I'm not entirely sure things are making sense, and I'm worried about something. If I come back and I don't seem like myself, I want you to remember the task. The Talen family has to stay alive.'

The communication was broken off as the marking that lit up on his hand started to disappear. There was an uneasy look on Jared's face, because the way things were, how could someone like him interfere, and what would Magnus, an original, worry about?Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

——

Quinn and the entire family were using a mix of shadow travel and their speed to get around the settlement. They could move from alleyway to alleyway quickly, and the shadow was mostly unnoticeable in the darkest of areas, but they were all starting to worry about something. They noticed that Quinn was breathing relatively heavy.

He wasn't fighting and was only using his shadow, so it didn't make any sense for him to be out of breath. For a second, while they were standing in the alleyway, Layla placed her hand on Quinn, and she used her Qi to try and sense the energy inside his body.

"Quinn…Your energy." Layla said, almost horrified.

"I know." Quinn replied. "We have to get off this planet first, and then I can start to worry about myself."

Layla agreed but she was worried at what she had seen. Inside Quinn's body there was a battle going on inside even now. It looked like a foreign energy was fighting his insides and it was aggressive as it was trying its best to take over the Qi, as well as the vampire aura, inside his body.

Even now while moving, Quinn was focusing, trying to fight against the energy. He could only guess that something had happened during his fight with Ray.

Not saying anything else about it, they continued further until they could see the large space docking station. It was a large oval shaped design that had an open top that allowed spaceships to fly in and out of.

"We have to get one of the ships on the top floor." Layla stated. "They might have even disabled access to all of the other floors."

Since there were guards all around the place, getting to the top without being seen was impossible. There was only one thing that could be done. Minny was placed on the floor, and Quinn had his eyes set on the 12 guards in one area in front of him.

[Nitro accelerate activated]

[Your skill is still on cooldown.]

[Your health will be used in place to activate the skill]

In a quick dash, Quinn had gotten over to the other side before the others could see him, and going from one vampire to the next, using the exact right amount of force, he was able to knock them all out.

The others quickly got in his shadow, as he scaled up the building and in the end, they had eventually reached the top floor.

There had to be hundreds of spaceships in the one area, and they had plenty to choose from, but there was a clear problem in front of them.

"I told you it was a good idea to wait up here!" A voice said. "When trying to catch the enemy, you need to think like the enemy."

"Yes, although it was my plan to come up to the top floor."

"Ah! You just got lucky." The male voice said back.

When Quinn and Layla looked at the people in front of them who were waiting for them, both of her hands were shaking, their lips quivered, and Minny knew why as well.

"That's Uncle Fex… and Uncle Xander, right… and also Auntie Muka. Why… why are they all trying to hurt us… how can they not remember us." Minny started to cry.

"Look what you did!" Fex shouted. "Xander, it was because of your face that you made the girl cry."

"Me." Xander pointed at himself. "But… Why did she call us uncle? I have never met her before, have you?"

The two looked at each other rightly confused.

"That doesn't matter, our leaders and Jim have given us an order, we are to stop this family from leaving this place." Muka said, as she held up her mace. The whole thing could be a trick."

Quinn walked forward in front of the others, and as he did, Muka charged forward and gathered all of her aura into the mace trying to slam it on top of Quinn's head, he lifted his hand and blocked the attack with ease.

Meanwhile, Fex attempted to use his string and wrapped it around Quinn's hand but when he pulled he didn't budge at all.

Xander attempted to move forward, but Layla, with her hand out, was stopping him from getting involved in the fight at all.

"I don't want to fight any of you… you are all my friends." Quinn said with a pained look. "I know you can't remember me, I know it's impossible for you to think that way, but Jim Eno has changed all of your memories."

Quinn thought about what to say to the others if he had ever come into this situation. He was unable to do so against Ray, but with these he could plant a seed of doubt.

"In your memories, everything you did, Jim Eno was by your side. If that is truly the case then ask him questions that only he should know.

"Ask him about the time me and you became sworn blood brothers. Ask him about when we first met in the military academy! " The anger was directed at Fex when it took place.

"Don't ask him about recent events, but events that were ingrained long ago. When the vampire settlement was in trouble, and I was framed for murder… who worked together!" Quinn looked at Muka.

Layla now could see what he was doing.

"And ask him about us Xander!" Layla shouted. "Search in your memories of when the humans invaded the Settlement. When we looked after your and Amy's kids together. Something has to not make sense."

All of them still didn't seem convinced, but Quinn was hoping while he was away, the seeds of doubt would start to spread.

Quinn let out his hand, as he could feel Layla had activated her soul weapon, she started to absorb his Qi that he was giving to her. With that, she made a big push of the third stage, as well as using her telekinesis ability, and a large wave of force was suddenly felt on all three as they were chucked in the air and falling down to the ground.

There was no time for sad thoughts, as the Talen family got on board one of the small ships, and started to fly away into space. As to where they were going or who they could go to they had no idea.

A few moments later when they were in the clear and aimlessly just flying about, Quinn placed his head down on the table.

"What… do I do?" Quinn said, and his family had decided to leave him alone, at least for now.

Changing his clothes, Quinn took off the heavy armour, and changed back to his guard uniform he was using before. It was what he used as a soldier in the fight as well. It was lighter than his armour and there was something else he was trying to figure out as well.

'I have given you what you need… that's what Edvard said…'

Thinking back to when Edvard went to attack him, Quinn noticed something weird, at the last moment, rather than a fist, it changed to hand, as he was reaching out, trying to give him something.

Checking over the guard uniform, Quinn had eventually found it, or more rightly so, it had found him as a small spider hopped off from his body and stood there right in front of him.

Looking at the spider, Quinn could only think of one person… Logan.

[Quest completed: survive]

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back