Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Before looking at the little spider that seemed to be moving up and down like it was at some type of rave, Quinn decided to take a look at his system. Because for the first time in a long time, he had received a 'quest complete' message.

Since he had been living a peaceful life, and even before then, Quinn never saw messages from the system. On top of that, he could utilise nearly all of his skills without having to access the system like he used to do in the past.

Which was why he rarely went into his system. Even simple things like the inspect skill he would use without a second thought and it had pretty much become a part of his life to see information about certain items.

Although the information it would give him, from time to time, would be next to useless, still at times if the system didn't show him something that would also be valuable information.

'I struggled… I really did struggle when fighting against Ray. I thought I was at my peak in terms of strength. I have strong weapons, some of the best armour and more, yet Ray was still able to beat me with almost raw power.

'The system, it already maxed out my stats, and other than the energy I use, such as Blood Aura, Qi, and the Shadow, I haven't been able to improve in terms of any other aspects. If it's a reward at this stage… and for surviving, then it has to be something… something that can help me out so the same thing doesn't happen again.'

This was a rare feeling for Quinn. It had been a while since he felt like he was relying on the system for help, a way for him to grow in strength. Finding out how to use the shadow, improving his blood and fighting skills, it all felt like it was him before.

'Alright, let's see what the reward is.'

[Quest complete]

[The Transformation 'Bloodsucker' has evolved]

[Your blood aura has evolved, allowing for your Bloodsucker form to advance. The 'Bloodsucker' Transformation will no longer be referred to as 'Bloodsucker' and instead is now referred to as the 'Vampire Demon' form]

[You have unlocked the ability to transform into the Vampire Demon form.]

'A new form… this was not what I expected.' Quinn's eyes widened as he looked at the words from the system, and started to think back.

He remembered when he himself had unlocked the Bloodsucker form. Originally, it was a form that was banned from the vampire settlement. There were often two ways one would become a Bloodsucker.

Either from the starvation of blood the vampire would change only caring about one thing, or from consuming too much blood without weaning off of it. Eventually becoming addicted, it would make the vampire body feel like it was craving for blood the whole time.

Originally, it was banned due to the mindlessness it would cause in a vampire, but later it was proved that the form could be controlled. This was true of Quinn and others as well. Quinn himself would turn into the form by expending all of the other energies out from his body and allowing the vampire aura to only be left inside.

It was a form that doubled his stats, and made him twice as strong and fast, however there were multiple problems with the form.

One of the biggest was the health of a Bloodsucker was extremely low, and on top of that the use of blood skills was out of the question as well as using his ability. For some reason, he just was unable to control his body as well.

Because of all of these downsides, Quinn didn't use the Bloodsucker form much. His armour skills, his absolute blood control, and his shadow ability always just seemed like a better option in terms of fighting and versatility, but this new form, he was sure that there would be large differences.

'The fact that it's called a Vampire Demon form, doesn't sound too pleasing. Weren't those from the same place as Immortui also called Demons?'

As Quinn went to look into more information about the demon form, he suddenly saw something wizz past his face, and a few seconds later, Minny had landed in his lap.

"Galen… Mum said we were not allowed to go near dad!" Minny shouted.

Turning his head, Quinn could see that Galen was on the floor, standing and calm as he looked at the two of them.

'Were the two of them playing catch or something?' Quinn thought.

Judging from Minny's tone of voice, it didn't sound like she was taking it easy in trying to catch her brother either. Although she hadn't transformed into her celestial form, she was still fast for a vampire.

'Is Galen really that fast? I have started to notice some strange things about Galen, which I can't help but worry about.' Quinn thought.

Lifting up Minny, Quinn could see that the small robotic spider was still safe, and after what happened, he thought that it was best if he looked at what was on it before the kids destroyed it.

Placing Minny down, Layla soon came behind, and they were both ready.

"Is this what I think it is?" Layla asked.

"Yeah, Edvard… he snuck it onto my body. I can only guess that the two of them met somehow."

"Wait, if he gave this to you, and communicated through Edvard, then does that mean he remembered and that he's not really on Jim's side?" Layla said surprised.

"We can't get our hopes up. We saw the fact that everyone thinks of us as enemies, and something like that had even worked on Ray. So it's more likely than not that it worked on more people than it didn't."Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

It was true, but the fact that Edvard said this had the answers they would need, they were putting hope into whatever it was.

When Quinn went to touch the spider, it started to move about. It went over to the computer terminal and soon transformed into a nano stick. After that, the onboard screen started to appear, and just as they thought, the person that was on the screen was none other than Logan.

The area he was in was familiar to them as well. It looked like whatever message this was, it was recorded in Green Tower.

"The person who is currently speaking now is Logan Green, and the contents of this message are meant for a single person only, and that person is Quinn Talen. If you are not Quinn Talen, then you should stop this video now."

It was a strange way to start off a video message that was for sure, but at the end of the day Logan had always been a little strange. However, this did mean one thing, for some reason Logan was reaching out to them, and directly to them as well.

"Now that we have established that you are Quinn Talen, I shall proceed with my message. The first thing I would like to say is that I apologise. There are two things that I apologise for, the first is that I do not remember you.

"I'm sure that this will come as a shock to you, but my predictions are that you will have already figured this out as you talk to others, because I am not the only one that has forgotten you, but everyone has.

"Which brings me onto the second reason why I will apologise, and that is because I was unable to stop this from happening. From what I have learned, I would have done everything in my power to help you Quinn Talen.

"After much deliberation I had decided to make this video. In this video, I will explain everything I have found out. Why, even though I have forgotten about you, I still know about you and your deeds, as well as information on what you can do to reverse this whole thing. What I'm talking about, of course, is everyone's memories."

Clenching his fist, Quinn realised what Edvard meant now, this was it. Edvard had risked himself to get this information over to Quinn, and he had succeeded in finding out. It was the answer to turning everything back to the way it was.

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too bus, I tend to reply back