Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In space there were a number of different things one could use. Meteorites for instance would orbit around certain planets, moving slightly. However, with a bit of help, these pieces of rock that were mostly harmless could become dangerous weapons, especially in the hands of someone powerful.

"Let's see how they deal with this." Sil said, as he chucked both of his hands down, using his powers. At the same time the meteorite in space was hurled right directly towards the Marpo Cruise ship.

​ The size of the two were still uncomparable, but this would certainly do a large amount of damage at the speed the meteorite was moving.

"Sil… I thought we had seen it all, but all this time away, you were still gaining strength and getting stronger." Shiro commented.

There were smiles on those in the command room. They were happy to know that they had someone like Sil on their side, and could only imagine the look on the face of the others.

However, of course Jack Truedream and those on the Marpo Cruise ship weren't just going to sit back and do nothing. From their angle, they were unsure what had happened, but a large blast of power went out right toward the meteorite.

It didn't look like it had come from any of the canons, or blasters that were on the ship, but had come directly from the front. As it hit the meteorite, it soon broke apart and scattered into small pieces.

'That's okay.' Sil thought. 'I thought you might have something that could get rid of that.'

Now that the meteorite had broken into small bits, they were all still flying towards the Marpo Cruise ship, and the blasters were being used to fire and disintegrate the small pieces of rock, but there were far too many, and scattered thousands of pieces hit the ship, creating small holes all over the place.

The Marpo Cruise ship was damaged and it was a lot more damage than the small marks from before.

"Damn it! Do they even know how long it will take to repair everything!" Jack shouted. "H, why didn't you stop that!"

"I made sure that none of the pieces hit anywhere important. Is it my job to look after the others as well?" H replied.

Jack almost looked nervous as he heard the answer.

"Well, you're not the one that did the damage in the first place. Just follow them, and get ready, and into the pods. We will stop any of them from flying away, while our ground force will take care of them."

The order was made, and those on the Marpo Cruise ship started to move.

——

The Blade ship was usually either in Earth's solar system or the Graylash planet solar system, and this time when the attack had appeared they were in the Graylash solar system, part of planets that used to belong to the vampires.

They had moved areas due to a mission that the Blade family had been requested to help with.

The problem was some of the planets were heavily populated, while others weren't so much.

"Head to the old vampire settlement. I think that area is safe enough." Shiro ordered.

It was the planet the vampires used to live on before it had been moved by Quinn, to the Daisy planet. The old settlement, which no longer had any of the castles as such, but due to where it used to be and what it used to represent, it hadn't been inhabited like the other planets.

DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

It was further than the planet which was closest to them, but it was worth it, because they could imagine they had a pretty big fight on their hands.

'Still, I can't help but shake off this uneasy feeling.' Shiro thought. 'They aren't using the missiles like they were before, and are just firing at us with energy blasts. The numbers have lowered and there are plenty of their attacks that are missing as well.

'Either they're running low on beast crystals and our ship being small is hard for them to hit, or it's almost as if they want us to fight on the ground.'

It was a big concern for Shiro but what choice did they have, and the Blades were the group with the strongest ability users. A fight, face to face, was the best option for them.

The ship had found the planet they were looking for, and it was moving in fast, but when they were close to the planet, having already breached its atmosphere a report had come in.

"Sir, it looks like the ship has stopped giving chase, and they are no longer firing at us!" A report came in.

Shiro, looked at the situation, and for now didn't quite land just yet. The ship was staying there, in place, not moving.

"What do you think they're trying to do?" Borden asked.

"I think they're trapping us and not letting us escape." Shiro replied. "If we try to break out, and escape, they will rain down everything they have on us. So right now we're stuck."

"Wait, so even if we land on the planet, what will we do? If we stay there, are they just going to stay there hovering in the air?" Borden asked.

"I don't think so. The Graylash family will find out, and we can easily send a report to the other groups to come to us. No matter how confident he is in his strength, I don't think that's a battle they want."

Shiro had to make a decision in the end, and since he hadn't quite landed yet, it looked like the Marpo Cruise ship was getting its lasers ready to try to shoot them out of the air regardless.

"Land, we have to land!"

The Blade ship had finally landed in a large black covered land. It was void of trees and the area was bumpy, with large craters similar to that of the moon surrounding Earth.

All of the Blades quickly evacuated from the ship, at any moment it could have blown up from attack and without them using their powers to protect it, it would be a problem.

In total, there were around 150 members that could use the Blade ability, and 200 staff with powers of their own. They were ready to move away from the ship, as they thought any second an attack from the Marpo Cruise ship would commence and the ship would be blown to pieces, however, they had already taken action and it wasn't the action they thought would be taken.

Flying through the sky, there were a number of black pods. They hailed down into the land crashing, breaking part of the hard ground and sticking up right. In the large wasteland of the area, they could just see countless numbers of these pods sticking up.

"They came from the ship right, what are they?" Borden asked.

The others were nervous, they readied their abilities, weapons and more, and stood next to each other for help.

Sil looked at all of their faces.

'I should have been able to stop this… it shouldn't have come to this.' Sil thought as he walked in front of them, in front of them all, standing there as if he was ready to protect them, but they wouldn't let him stand on his own.

Shiro and Borden quickly jumped over and were by his side.

"The Blade family, everyone here no matter what, I won't let them die."

It was then that Sil leaned into Shiro, and whispered something in his ear.

"Sil… you can't do that… you can't!" Shiro complained, but it looked like Sil had already made his decision.

Just then, a loud clank sound was heard, and not just one as multiple were going off one after the other. All the strange black pods were starting to open, and a hand was seen on the outside of the pod, pulling itself out. The whole body of the creature had appeared.

"I… was worried about this… how is this even possible." Shiro said. "How are the Dalki still alive, and what are they doing with Jack?"

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back