Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

"All of the messages that master Logan wished to give you have now been received." Ceril said with a polite bow. "Logan has also prepared a spaceship for your travels towards the back. It is fitted with an anti tracker which will allow you to leave the atmosphere without appearing on Earth's radar.

"It is stocked up with what you need for a long journey, and it's safe to say that Logan wishes you luck."

They were in a large facility that had food for vampires, humans and more, and they could certainly survive in the building for a while undetected, but if they did that, then what would that achieve?

Hiding, staying safe… it was something that Quinn had done with his family for the last year or so, and in the end they had been caught, and living a life like this. It was not one that he wanted to live.

"Everyone, let's rest up for the day. Eat your fill, let's get a good night's sleep, while I figure out what we can do." Quinn said.

Everyone had gone through a lot, and watching the simulation alone, being in the middle of the fight as if they were there was a lot for all of them to take in. On top of that, they had a kid that wasn't even 1 year old yet, so he needed to be careful that not everyone was worn out.

Eventually, leaving the simulation room, Layla was preparing some food for the kids. Although they could just live off juice boxes made with blood, at times it was also nice for them to eat meat that was cooked quite rare.

As usual, while Minny and Galen were waiting, they were playing their own set of games with each other, as they chased and hid from each other, and in the large house there was plenty of room for them to explore. As long as they didn't leave the building, Quinn was fine with them doing what they wanted.

That left, Russ, Ceril and Quinn sitting on the sofa. Each one of them were sitting on a separate part away from each other, on a sofa that would fit perhaps 7 or 8 people. It was a room full of people that knew each other, but didn't really know each other, so they felt uncomfortable being so close.

"The Dalki, they looked to be quite strong in that simulation." Russ finally said. "I thought that their strength was exaggerated but it appears that's not the case. I know Logan wants you to find the Blades and maybe they can help you wage a war against Jack and Jim, but do you think you're strong enough to beat H, based on what you saw?" Russ asked.

It was a question that Quinn wondered himself. In the past he had fought against Sil before, but he wasn't as strong or versatile as he was now, the Shadow had improved as well, and had obtained the guns. On top of that, there was the latest reward he had obtained from the system, the new transformation he had yet to test out.

This though would be fighting against basically Sil, but in a Dalki's body.

"I don't think that's the main problem." Quinn stated. "In all my fights I have always found a way to beat my opponent, and due to my skills, if I can't beat them then, I have a good escape."

Quinn was thinking about the Shadow link at that moment.

"The problem is the rest of them. From Logan's words although there might not be those as strong as H, there are plenty that are nearly just as strong. H might have even gotten stronger compared to the simulation before.

"I thought about this a lot, but in the past when I fought against Graham, I won, but if I was to go up against him, along with Slicer, One Horn and the rest of the five spikes I believe I would have lost."

"I think I understand what you are saying." Russ replied. "Which is why we need to find the Blades, but you have strong people by your side. Your wife, your daughter, this fish woman and me are strong right. Although, at least I assume you are strong?"

Quinn actually wasn't sure if Ceril was strong or not. After turning her, he had never seen her new abilities or her strength, and it had been a while. Still thinking about it, Although Russ was strong, was it enough?

There was Jim himself, Jack, Peter, Chris, H and Ray to fight against. These at the moment were the biggest problems in his head that he could think of, without having to worry about the rest of the Dalki, or the vampire originals.

At the same time, although he had given Minny a god slayer item, he didn't want her to fight, but based on the situation for their survival, perhaps every single person that Quinn could get on his side was needed

"Sorry to interrupt your train of thought." Ceril quickly interrupted. "But I would say I am quite strong."

This caused both Russ and Quinn to lean from their seats. Although Russ said those words, he didn't really mean anything by it, he simply was just trying to cheer Quinn up in the current situation. Whether he liked it or not, at the moment Russ was on Quinn's side, and it looked and felt like it was the losing side, which he didn't like.

As for Quinn, honestly although he thought Ceril's sister was somewhat impressive with the trident, he felt like she was always lacking, so doubted that there was a big improvement just because she had now changed.

'Wait, but the system did state, she was somewhat like a whole new race together.'

"Ceril, in this facility is there somewhere that we could see your skills?" Quinn asked.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Ceril nodded.

"There is a training room, it is quite well built and secure as the Green family would often use it to test new weapons."

A smile appeared on his face.

"Alright, before dinner, let's head to the training room to see what you got." Quinn said.

Russ, also stood up, because he also wanted to see. At the moment, his life somewhat depended on the people around him, so it was best to see what they could do.

'I can maybe test out my new demon form as well. It would be best to know what it can do before using it in any type of fight.'

With a wave to Layla, informing them of what they were doing they promised that they would be done by the time she had finished making dinner. She was also cooking for Russ and herself something more human so there was a bit more prep.

"I hope they don't destroy the whole place." Layla thought, as she looked at both of her kids who were now exhausted after playing the whole day, lying on the floor breathing heavily.

———

A while back, when the Blade family had been transported, all of them found themselves suddenly on a hard desert like ground. They were twisting and turning their heads, as they were slightly confused.

One second they were there, and the next they were in a new place, away from, Sil, and away form the others.

"Damn it Sil!" Vorden shouted at the top of his lungs, having taken over Shiro's body. "How… how could he have done something like this."

After a while, everyone soon realised what Sil had done. How he had used his powers to transport the Blades that were still alive. They couldn't believe it, and promised that whatever it was, they would try and help Sil if he was still alive.

They soon realised that there was another problem on their hands though, it was the fact that they had no clue where they were. All of the communication devices that could transmit messages far away were on the Blade ship, and anything they did have with them didn't seem to be working the way they thought it would.

"Everyone, stay close to each other. There should be some type of life here since all of us are able to breathe, but there is a good chance that there could be beasts as well!" Shiro explained, taking back over the body and command over the Blade family.

In total, around fifty survivors that could use the Blade ability were present, and around twenty five that just had regular abilities. It was a large group to look after with no food and water and all of them were exhausted.

The Blades started to move and march until off in the distance, they could see something. It looked like someone was sitting by a large lake.

"There's water… we finally made it!" One of the Blades shouted as they ran forward, but Shiro put his hand out stopping him.

"Can't you see something strange about that person?" Shiro asked.

Looking closer, they realised that the person they were looking at from behind, had four arms.

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.