Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After navigating through the space relatively aimlessly for a while, Ceril had informed the others that she had finally located the Mermerial planet. The planet itself wasn't in the ship's memory nor was it a recognised planet.

However, there were many times where Ceril had seen the outside of the planet, and without a doubt, from the shape of the land mass, the amount of water and so on, she knew it was her planet. Similar to how someone, if shown a picture of Earth, would be able to recognise it as theirs as well.

"Save the coordinates so we can come back to this place, and put it on a drive as well." Quinn ordered. "We might have the leave the planet, to search for the others, and as long as things go well, this will be out base from now on."

She did as asked and while the task was completing, she could see that someone from down below was attempting to make contact. Soon, flying out from the planet, there were several dark blue coloured ships that had sharp shark-like fins on either side of the wings of the small spaceships.

They were clearly spaceships that were designed for battle.

"Well, it looks like their military force was at least able to recover from the infighting from before." Quinn commented.

"Your ship is an unrecognised vessel in our planet's air space. Please state your reason for entering, and identify yourselves!" the message played.

Quinn knew nothing about their processes, and it had been a while since they had last been to the planet, so he was sure a lot had changed. Ceril, knowing this as well, had decided to open up the video feed and show herself.

"We mean no harm, we have come in peace." Ceril started. "We have come from far away, and wish to speak to your leader. As you can see." Ceril held up her arm, and scales started to appear all over, her skin was turning a slightly darker shade of blue as well. "I am a Mermerial myself. If you still do not trust us, please send this to your leader…Wince."

Ceril's voice croaked a bit when she said this. It was painful to speak her sister's name, and when she left the last time, she thought that they would never meet again.

The man on screen could be seen talking to another by his side, and in the end, they decided to send the video off, to allow their leader to make the right decision.

Moments later, the man had come back with an answer, and the look on his face had changed as well.

"Please, follow our ships, they will escort you to the landing bay, right behind the palace."

Everything seemed to be working out, which was nice for a change, and even Russ let out a sigh of relief.

"It's still quite hard to get used to." Russ commented. "Meeting these other races. I know we have the Dalki, and vampires, but they are more human. Well, at least the vampires."

"Are you saying I don't look human?" Ceril asked.

"You do… it's just strange to think that you are from so far away." Russ added.

"This is cool!" Minny shouted. "This is a planet that Daddy has been on before. I'm sure that all of them will be as nice as Aunty Ceril and just as beautiful."

Quinn was right, the Mermerial race had changed quite a bit since he last had been here. For one, there were more cities that were above water, than below it. On top of that, the giant land of ice that had been created by none other than Sil had become the main city centre.

Since the planet was originally one that was mostly water, most of the islands, or cities were man made as well. Created on a strange flotation system. It appeared to be made of a metal like material. One that would float and go along with the waves of the sea.

However, for some reason, near these pieces of land, the sea was unmoving and steady. It made Quinn wonder whether it was a special device, or even the ability of the Mermerials themselves since they had the power to control water.

As they were escorted, they reached a giant palace that was mostly white in decoration but was covered in pearls and pink and light blue clam shells and more. It was a civilisation just as advanced as Earth, just the fashion was very different.

Even across the city, there were several small paths of water. It looked like the Mermerials would jump into the water, transforming their body, and swim through the city to get to the location they wished faster.

"That's so cool!" Minny said. "Ceril, does this mean that you can transform as well?"

Ceril nodded.

"Our bodies can change when we are mostly submerged in water. Although the appearance of us is different from person to person."

The ship had landed inside the palace courtyard which looked more like an ice arena, but there was plenty of space for a ship, and waiting for them wasn't just anybody, but the current Queen of the Mermerials herself, Wince, and in her hands, she was holding onto a trident.

Getting off from the ship there was a warm welcome for them all, as food and such was brought to his group, and Quinn noticed the weapons.

'Wince had given the Trident to Sil in the end, so it's impossible to be the same one, but I can sense that it has great power. It's incredibly strong... is it at the level of a god slayer item?' Quinn guessed.

Immediately, there was a smile on her face, and soon the smile turned into tears, tears of joy, and they weren't just coming from her, but were coming from Ceril as well.

Immediately, Ceril ran forward and so did Wince, as the two of them gave each other a big hug.

"There was a part of me that thought I would never see you again!" Wince said.

"It was the same for me." Ceril gave another big hug before breaking it and looking at her sister in the face. Wiping her tears away, she realised that she needed to get to the point.

"Sister, I have an important question that I need to ask you." She then looked at Quinn. "Do you remember this man?"

It was the moment of truth, as Wince looked toward Quinn, and she gave her answer.

"You come see me after all this time, and you ask a question like that. Of course I remember Quinn, how could I forget him?" Wince answered.

It was as Quinn had expected, the memory changing ability was unable to reach a great distance, and now Ceril had also received her confirmation her memories were indeed changed, although she had good faith to begin with.

"You are also a face, I never thought I would see again." She added. "Although, I did try to make this planet more land friendly with you in mind."Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

This was because Quinn had a great fear of the deep sea, so he appreciated it.

"We have a lot to talk about."

Wince went on to escort the family to a more private room where they could talk. It was an unexpected visit, but all of Wince's appointments were cancelled to make way for it.

While walking around, Quinn was also trying to sense if Yongbu was around. It was a little more difficult now that he was no longer a celestial. He could somewhat sense a familiar energy but not having that energy, it was hard to find.

For now, he was unable to sense anything but he still needed to be cautious. They had finally arrived at a grand catering room that had snacks and desserts. It was all things that they wouldn't eat though, and Quinn got right down to business.

He talked to Wince, and explained everything that happened, how those from his home planet, and further, no longer remembered him including Ceril. The question now was starting to make sense.

He didn't want to hide anything from her, and the reason why they were here. If Jim ever found out where he was, he believed that Jim would target this planet as well, which is why he needed to make it clear.

"Don't be crazy." Wince replied. "You did more than enough for us. To allow your family to stay here, that is still too little. So don't worry and treat this place as your second home."

The Talen family smiled, while Russ's expression didn't change much. Running even when there was no one on your tail was pretty tiring.

"However, I do have one thing to tell you." Wince said. "There was someone who came by, someone who was looking for you, Quinn."

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.