Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

After the initial shock of seeing his parents on screen there were a few things that Quinn started to notice. For one, their age, the reason why he was so easily able to recognise them, was because they looked exactly like they did, before they had left.

As the years went past, the memories and their faces were disappearing from Quinn's mind, but the brain was a strange thing because as soon as he saw them, he knew they were his parents and the memories of them started to flood into his mind.

Yet, why would they look the same, unless they were vampires, but even then they would need to be original vampires to keep up their appearance, but then why wasn't Quinn born a vampire?

In the end, looking at their clothing gave the answer away. It was simple, this was a video from a long time ago. The two of them were wearing military uniforms which didn't have a hint of beast gear on it.

"Alright, the two of you are to state your names into the camera before recording your message, you have two minutes." A voice was heard coming from behind the camera.

"Two minutes." Quinn's mother said, the smile fading from her face, but she soon forced herself as she sat up right and smiled right at the camera again.

"My name is Isabella Talen."

"And my name is Finley Talen." Quinn's father stated. "There is a reason why we are recording this video… why everyone has been asked to make a video… and unfortunately if you are getting this message it means that the two of us are now dead."

It was then that Quinn realised how foolish he was being. The answer was obvious as to what this video was, yet he was holding out hope... Hope that they were still alive out there, that he could do something, but it did make him wonder.

How did Sam manage to get this video, and why only now was he seeing it.

"Quinn… our baby, both of us are very sorry." Isabella started to speak, her voice choking up. "We're sorry that we won't be able to see you grow up. We're sorry that we won't be there to see your first girlfriend, your children, and be there when you need us."

"I'm sorry as well." Finley added, clenching both of his fists on his knees. "But I'm sorry for fighting back. The situation is bad at the moment, and I want you to know that if our lives are taken, it's all because of you.

"I don't want you to think we abandoned you. We are fighting to protect you, and all the others like you. If we lose our life so you can all stay alive then I can say I am a proud father because of that.

"I won't be able to teach you morals, what's right or wrong as you grow up, but I know you are a Talen, and throughout our lives, the Talens have always done the right thing. I want you to live a normal happy family life, I want you to not be involved in conflict, but if you are anything like me, then I know you won't be able to stand back and do nothing. Because you are a Talen.

"You will be a great person, I know it and knowing that… me and your mother can fight in this war."

The video ended there, and there was nothing else. There was no extra message, nothing mentioned about the book that he had been given, that changed his life.

'This is their final words… why am I receiving all of this now?'

The others had heard the video from behind, hearing the words Talen and the context of the conversation they could guess what it was, so none of them said anything, and suddenly Quinn started to play the video again, as he watched it over, and over while they made their way to the unknown planet.

The other two were getting slightly worried, as they lost count how many times Quinn had played through that video.

'My word, it looks like someone has parental issues, and I thought I was the bad one.' Russ inwardly said.

"We are now approaching planet Paranium." The spaceship informed the rest. It snapped everyone out of the strange atmosphere that was in the room as they looked outside.

The planet looked to be fairly small when compared to Earth, but unlike Earth and the Mermerial planet, it was mostly land, with a few streams of water. It almost looked like there was no sea at all, just rivers that were constantly flowing that connected around the planet.

"Now that we are approaching the planet, what are we going to do if they attack us?" Ceril asked.

"For now, it is important that we don't make whoever these guys are a threat. Remember we are here to look for the Blades." Quinn wanted to say more, based on the strength of this alien race, maybe they could ask them for help in the fight, just like Bliss and Sam had suggested but he was still unsure if he wanted to do that.

"If they attack, I can protect us and the ship, we don't have to worry about that, but I don't think there will be a problem."

Quinn had better eyesight than the others, and he could see that there were multiple ships that were stopping and entering from a certain point, and based on the ship's autopilot, it was heading to the same point that the ships were coming in and out from.

Concentrating further and using Qi on his eyes, Quinn was able to see even further ahead, and he could see they had practically what looked like a ship airport and what he was seeing was interesting to say the least.

There was a system and multiple races of different aliens that were coming and going, as they left and joined the planet. A lot of what he was seeing reminded him of the Marpo Cruise where multiple races were seen.

It seemed like the planet had a lot of contact with other races.

'This is a good starting point, even if the Blades aren't on this planet, maybe we can ask other races if they have seen humans before.' Quinn thought. 'And, it also means that they won't be so hostile to visitors.'

Looking at the different aliens, there was one type that was more prominent compared to the others. They were human sized, but had thin pointed legs, heads and arms. It was clear that they weren't human, their purple skin alone said that, but had the same limbs and body structure of a human.

From just watching them, there was also another clear difference and that was their speed. They were rushing and running all over the place. At the space station they were workers that would zip from one side of the room to the next, and at times there would just be blurs.

If a regular human with no Qi training, or combat experience were to see this, they would be unable to follow any of their movements. Once again, the reality of how weak the human race was without their abilities was being shown.

Although they did have Qi, the strength was shown in only a few.

'The problem is what do we do?' Quinn thought. 'The planet, there seems to be no conflict. My name is not known here, we are just visitors, so who would I even talk to, where do I even go to ask about the Blades?

'If I asked to speak to their leader, why would they even speak to me? Unless, I make a big scene, but that wouldn't be a good first impression either.'

Thinking about it more, there was one thing that the planet most likely had, that was beasts that had beast crystals, and where there were beasts there were nest crystals. Coming to this planet wasn't going to be a waste, and Quinn was at least going to boost Russ' strength, to boost his own.

'Next time we fight Ray, it won't be as one sided as before.'

*****

*****F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back