Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The whole process of landing on the planet was smooth. The ship landed on a platform and then moved to a certain bay, after that a machine approached them asking their reason for visiting and where they had come from.

Quinn answered Earth, even though it was unlikely they had ever had visitors from Earth before. After that, their faces and bodies were scanned. It was quite clear that all of it was a security measure.

"Please descend from your ship and follow the signs to the station. Upon returning, your scan will bring you back to your ship." A soft calming female voice said to them.

A lot of what was happening reminded them of Green city. After descending they did as asked and eventually arrived at the station. Ceril was fine, as she stood there waiting for Quinn to give the next order, but Russ couldn't help but stare and turn his head.

"Oh please." Russ said, seeing the strange look Ceril was giving him. "You have to understand that seeing all these different species and aliens is not normal for us. Even though humans have expanded, we have stayed quite within our own area."

This was true apart from the Marpo Cruise, but the main reason for that was due to how much infighting there was going on between the current planets they had discovered already. If the humans discovered another planet with a different race, then it would just be too much for them to handle.

As they were standing there, soon a purple alien ran over to where they were. One second they weren't there and the next moment they were right next to them with a flyer in their hand.

"Greetings visitors." The alien spoke nearly as fast as he ran over. "From the puzzled look on your faces, you don't seem to be from around here. If it's your first time visiting then I suggest you go to the Zap Zap Arcade. It's a great place to destress and get your legs working!"

Before any of them could say anything, the alien ran off, and was going to the next set of visitors.

"He… spoke as fast as he ran." Russ said.

Quinn looked at the flyer, and it was bright with all sorts of wacky strange colours on it, and it was hard to tell even what type of place it was.

"An arcade… we don't have time for games, we have to look for where the Blades are." Quinn mumbled.

"And how do you plan to do that, do you just want to walk around this entire planet, asking if they've seen someone like me?" Russ sarcastically commented, clearly knowing it was a bad idea.

"If you could get the help of the locals, I think that would be a big plus. Have you seen how fast they can move?" Ceril commented.

They were still fascinated by the race known as the Penswi. Their trait was speed. They talked fast, thought fast, and ran fast as well. The vampires were also fast but this speed was on a different level.

Without meeting a leader or a prominent figure of the Penswi, Quinn felt like it was unlikely they would just give a helping hand, but it did give him another idea, maybe there was a way he could get a helping hand from somewhere else.

With this in mind, Quinn decided to leave the station with the rest of the group and they soon had entered the city. Just as expected, everything was moving fast. They had strange pointy shaped vehicles on the road that looked to not slow down for a second as it took you from one place to the next.RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

They saw one of the vehicles suddenly stop, and in seconds four of the Penswi got on board, and it was already moving again.

"I'm not so sure you will even be able to catch one of these to ask them a few questions." Russ commented.

Quinn was beginning to think the same, so for now he decided to walk around, while he headed to the border of the city. Because what he was looking for was where the travelers of this planet, the hunters that fought against the beasts, would be.

Because there was one thing noticeable, and that was the fact that their machinery and power, just like on Earth ran off of beast crystals, so there needed to be a way for them to obtain them.

As they continued to walk around aimlessly, it was becoming apparent to all of them that they had no idea where they were going.

"Wait a second, isn't that the place on the flyer you were given?" Ceril asked.

It was a large venue that almost looked like an area with a lit up neon-like sign with the words Zap Zap Arcade.

"If there are people playing games in there, then it has to mean, there are those that are staying still, or are in one place, right?" Ceril suggested.

Judging by the size of it as well, Quinn guessed that maybe, they had other things inside. An arcade on another planet, wouldn't be the same as one on Earth after all.

When entering, they were bombarded with lights and a bunch of noise. They had expected it to be a little calmer, but they were completely wrong. There were countless numbers of the Penswi playing all sorts of different games, and all of them seemed to be focused around speed.

One was just running on what looked like a treadmill, and there was a large screen in front of them, showing contestants as they ran past them.

Another game required one to touch as many buttons as they could as soon as they lit up, and the hands of the player were moving all over the place.

"Hahah, you Amra people are the worst!"

A specific word had caught the attention of Quinn, when turning his head, he realised he really hadn't misheard the word that had been used. There was a large male Amra with four arms and he was playing one of the button games.

It was a flat surface with around a hundred different buttons that would light up, quickly and fade away. There were solo versions of the game, and there were also a VS mode, where one machine was blue and the other was red.

They would go off at the same time for one minute and after that minute the one with the highest score would win.

"We thought because you have more arms than us, you would have given us a challenge." The group of what Quinn could only guess were teenage boys, started to laugh.

"Yeah right, no race has ever been able to beat a Penswi at their own games, we are the fastest in the whole universe!"

They continued to laugh, and one of them, even went to touch the Amra poking its skin and quickly running back in its place. Because it knew that it was far too fast for the Amra to do anything.

"Ah!" The Amra man shouted. "If this was a fight instead I would certainly win!" The Amra tensed its body showing its muscular rock hard body. It was clear that his pride was being hurt, and it felt like he needed to do something.

Out of the group though, one who had a larger and pointy head then the other Penswi started to move forward. It wasn't the one that had just played the game, but seemed to be the leader of the group of teenegrs since the others moved to the side.

"Oh really?" The Penswi said. "You think just because we are fast, that we can't fight? That we aren't strong? Do we have to remind you that you are on our planet, and if you really wanted to put it to the test, then I would be happy to."

"Zallack, your father sai-"

"Shut up!" Zallack the Penswi turned around and said to his friend, and the others soon backed off.

"Hmph, I have nothing to prove to a bunch of kids." The Amra said, and turned around ready to walk off, to play some other games and cool his head.

"Don't call me a kid!" Zallack shouted and charged forward, thrusting his hand forward at such speed. He was moving so fast, everything was processing in his head that all around him it looked like slow motion.

His friends wanted to stop him, but Zallack was far faster than them and he had a head start, and as for the Amra, although they weren't slow by any means, in comparison he had yet to take a step.

'No one should underestimate me!' Zallack screamed in his head, but then could see something moving from the side. Something moving incredibly fast. It grabbed onto his hand and stopped it in place.

"That was dirty." Quinn said, looking at Zallack straight in the eye.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back