Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

The Amra for the most part were one of the nicest races he had come across. They weren't hostile toward him from the get go. He was even able to play games with their young ones and felt welcomed.

It was only the celestial himself that was the problem, but in the end that all got resolved. Perhaps it was because of the good memories Quinn had in his head of the Amra that he had gotten involved.

Why had he decided to move forward? Maybe it was the dirty display of attacking someone while their back was turned. Eventually Quinn let go of Zallack who pulled back and was looking at his hand.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

'Where did this person come from?' Zallack thought. 'I didn't see anyone that looks like him close by. Did he really get here so fast that I was unable to recognise them.'

Before saying anything, he as well as the rest of the Penswi looked at Quinn and the other two that were coming over. They were examining their bodies as they moved their heads up and down.

"I've never seen them, what are they?" One of the Penswi asked.

"They look really squishy, and that man's skin is so white and pale, is he going to faint?"

Of course, when looking at humans compared to other races, especially the Amra they were standing next to, humans certainly did look incredibly weak.

"Thank you warrior." The Amra man said, banging his chest with one of his hands. "But, although these guys are fast, their attacks would never be able to pierce my hard skin."

"There he goes again, underestimating us, that big rock!" One of the teenagers said.

Soon the rest of the Penswi were happy to back them up. Turning his head around, Russ was wondering why no one else was getting involved, or coming to stop what looked like an international alien fight about to break out.

However, he soon realised that the noise of the machines were drowning out their voices, and all that were in the arcade seemed to be having too much fun on their own to bother coming over.

"Hey." Russ said, coming into the middle of the group. "We are new to the planet as you can guess and we don't really know our way around here. We need some guides to explain to us what's going on, what this place is and more.

"Now we don't really have money, but you guys like playing games, right?"

All them nodded, for them this place was their regular hangout spot, they played non stop trying to get the best scores.

"Great! So let's make a deal. Let's play a game, and if we win, you become our guides for the day."

While the Penswi were thinking about this, it gave time for Quinn to calm the Amra down, and he seemed to be more reasonable than he was before, walking away. Quinn did, also ask for the two of them to perhaps meet up, as he would like to know what was going on the planet that he had left.

"What's taking you all so long to decide, didn't you say before that there is no race faster than you guys?" Russ taunted.

During the debate with each other, it was actually Zallack, the leader of the group, that was hesitant. He was cautious because of the man with the black curly hair, and the confidence they all had.

"Zallack, we nearly have all the high scores on all the machines on here. These guys look like they haven't even touched one of the games, why are you so nervous?" One of them asked.

In the end, Zallack walked forward.

"We're not afraid." Zallack said, looking at all of them. "But I think we should have this as a battle between the races. After all, every Penswi speed differs, so it will be us three, against you three, a best of three."

The three of them were a bit dumbfounded, because the truth was, they weren't the same race at all. Quinn was a vampire, Ceril a Mermerial Hybird, and Russ was the only real human among them.

At the same time Quinn was a little worried, originally he thought Russ's plan was a good one. Evaluating their speed, he had gathered that he was faster than the Penswi, whether he was faster than everyone on the planet or not was a different question but he was compared to those in front of him.

Winning the match, they could then ask the teenagers for advice, but now that it was a three on three, they would lose two of the matches out of three.

'There has to be some other way, or we can just try asking someone nice outside.' Quinn thought.

"It's a deal!" Russ said with his hand held out.

Zallack didn't know Russ was going for a handshake and slapped it instead.

"Deal!"

Before Quinn could even say anything, a deal had been made and he was just left shaking his head.

The Penswi group had selected their first contestant over at the blue side, it was one of the shortest from the group named Mikker. The others were cheering on his name, and it was gathering some attention from those who were nearby in the arcade.

There wasn't a large crowd, but they were interested in another race going up against theirs in a game.

Since Russ was seemingly taking charge of the whole thing, Quinn allowed him to just continue on, and the first from their team that was selected was Ceril. She approached the gaming machine and stood on the platform, and for a second she looked back at Quinn.

"I will do my best for you." Ceril stated.

It seemed like she was taking this whole thing seriously even though Quinn wasn't too bothered.

"You all know the rules, when the countdown begins you can only hit the buttons on your side of the machine and with your colour. The one who hits the most buttons in a minute will be declared the winner!" Zallack shouted.

A countdown started to begin, and the buzzer sounded, starting the match. Immediately, Mikker looked to his right, he wasn't in a rush to hit his buttons, because in his mind it was a sure win, but he would soon come to regret those actions.

Ceril was moving as fast as she could, tapping the buttons close, focused and was gaining points fast. In that brief moment of looking at his opponent she had already gained 12 points.

'What the…' Mikker panicked, and started to move around hitting all the points he could see as quickly as possible, he was no longer looking at his opponent and just focusing on him.

"Hey… that woman is pretty fast." One of the onlookers reported. "I think it's the first time I've seen another race that fast."

Quinn was also surprised by this as he completely forgot something about Ceril. He was thinking of her as a Mermerial, but she was no longer just a Mermerial, she was part vampire as well.

Her speed, senses, reflexes and reactions were all improved and that was why she was able to move fast as well. Maybe Russ had a plan after all.

"Faster!" Zallack shouted.

'Faster?' Mikker thought. 'Does that mean I'm losing!'

Mikker started to move his hands and his legs, and shifted his head back and forth. He was finding it hard to breathe, as he was moving at a speed he had never done before. He had never lost to another race and today wasn't going to be the first time.

*BEEP

The game had ended and Mikker fell onto his back exhausted. He was drenched in sweat from head to toe. Meanwhile Ceril had both hands on her knees gasping for air as much as possible.

Staring up at the scoreboard, Zallack had his mouth wide open. "It was so close."

446 points to red, and 448 points to Blue, the Penswi had won.

However, they weren't jumping for joy over their win, because it was the closest match they had in a long time.

"I'm sorry I lost." Ceril said as she came over.

"You don't have to worry too much. It's just a game." Quinn replied.

Now it was time for the second match, and Russ was going on the platform. Unlike Quinn and Ceril, Russ wasn't part vampire, and based on his strength he didn't have much Qi he could use to improve his body as well.

"I can tell that you're counting me out already." Russ smiled. "But I have a plan."

HIs opponent, a long limbed Penswi named Lall, came to the game. Not only were Penswi fast but with long limbs they would be able to hit the buttons further away without having to move their legs.

"Let me ask you a question." Russ asked. "Are you the fastest Penswi that you know, that is in your mind?"

Lall was confused by the question, but soon Russ' body started to change there and then, his skin turning purple, his legs thinning out, and his limbs getting slightly longer. Soon it was hard to distinguish the difference between the two of them.

From the ousitde is now looked like a Penswi was going up against another Penswi.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back