Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Some time had passed since Zallack had left the arcade, and all of the loud noises in one place was giving Quinn a bit of a headache. His sensitive hearing he could dull down and control it when he was in a fight, but in the arcade, the sounds were consistent and coming from all over the place.

So the group decided to wait outside and would catch Zallack on his way back. To their surprise they weren't waiting long as they could see two Penswi running their way. There were actually a lot of Penswi running on the streets as that was their preferred method of travel, but these two were quite a bit faster than the others.

"I'm here, just like I promised I would be." Zallack said, stopping right in front of the three, but he wasn't alone.

A figure the same height as Zallack stood by his side. It was a Penswi but this one was more muscular in the arms and legs. It was hard to tell if they were older or not just from looking as the Penswi didn't exactly have any wrinkles. Although one could say the same about vampires and those that knew Qi.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"It's nice to meet my fellow travellers." The man said with a little wave. "My name is Jun, and I am a senior of Zallack. He told me how you guys would like a guide, and since I wasn't doing anything today I decided to help you all out."

When looking at the three aliens, Jun was spending more time staring at Quinn. Not too long ago, he had seen a video of this same person in front of him, and now it was the whole reason why he was here in the first place.

'This person… let's see how far his ability can take him, and if I'm right, he could change the whole scope of the Penswi world!' Jun thought, as he let his imagination run wild a little.

"That's good to hear." Quinn replied. "This is Russ, and Ceril, and my name is Quinn. We are all from a planet called Earth, and as you might have guessed, we aren't from around here."

Quinn was wondering if saying the word Earth would get a reaction but he didn't notice anything strange. Meaning it was unlikely the Blades had arrived. He assumed it would either be a televised event, or perhaps something kept a secret by the higher ups.

"I don't think we have had any visitors from there before." Jun commented. "But what could I help you with? Would you like to see our grand events, our large attractions or perhaps have a go on one of our circuits?" Jun asked.

There were two goals for Quinn's team, one was meeting whoever the leader of the planet was, the one with the highest position but that would be a hard task, and the other was hunting beast crystals in search of a nest crystal for Russ. There was also something else Quinn wanted to do.

There was always the chance that problems could occur, so it was best they got information first.

"Where do you guys… hunt for beasts?" Quinn asked.

It was an interesting question and one that Jun never thought would be brought up. Because when looking at their frail bodies, he never thought of them as fighters.

Following Zallack and Jun, they had eventually reached a wall and a large gate with a number written on the outside. There were several buildings and tables on the outside and those walking in and out of what looked like a type of energy field.

"This is one of the hunting grounds. They are designated areas for beasts to live in. You can find them all over parts of the planet." Jun explained.

When looking at those coming in and out, Quinn noticed something strange for one. They didn't seem to have a lot of beast gear on their bodies, and on top of that, those that did enter and exit, were wearing clothing similar to those next to them. It looked more like a set of different sport teams were coming and going.

"What's with the matching outfits?" Russ asked.

"It's a training ground." Zallack answered. "The professional Penswi teams as well as with their new recruits use the hunting grounds to train at times. The quickest way for a Penswi to improve their speed is when their life's on the line."

Quinn had heard something similar before, it was the Blades. They too did the same thing, to improve the natural sense of Qi in their body among other things, and it looked like the Penswi as a whole race was using it as a way to train for their professional sport games.

The group then went over to a desk, where all of them were registered and given strange passes that were to be worn around their neck.

"In order to lower the amount of fatalities, only certain people are allowed to go into the hunting area. A senior like me, who is on a professional team, they trust our judgement, so I got you all trainee passes." Jun explained.

"I heard from Zallack that you are all pretty fast. Speed in this instance is pretty important because if we come across a beast that is too fast, then at least we can run away, right?"

Exiting out of the gate, the group began to run through what looked like a combination of a forest along with a jungle. The trees were more spread out like a forest with plenty of open areas, but the trees themselves were very green, windy, and bendy.

Jun was taking the lead running ahead, and the rest were following. He wasn't running too fast, because he had no idea what the capabilities of the others that were with him and he didn't want them to feel like they had been abandoned if he ran at top speed.

Eventually though, they had gone to an area void of others. The sun was shining from above allowing a lot of light in, and there were laid out beasts, covered in black fur. They almost looked like a black lion, only they were the same size as elephants and all of them were laying down apart from each other.

"Alright, since I'm the guest and you guys don't know what the beasts are like on this planet, I will show you all how it's done first." Jun commented.

He got closer and closer to the black lion, and eventually its eyes opened revealing a sharp yellow iris. At the same time it took a swipe at Jun, who had moved back out of the way.

"That was a really fast attack." Ceril commented.

"Yeah, perhaps the beasts on this planet have adapted to the Penswi living here. We should be careful with all of the beasts." Russ commented.

"Have you guys hunted beasts before?" Zallack asked.

Ceril had gone hunting many times on her planet with the royal family. Russ, when in charge of the Chained, constantly was hunting beasts to get better equipment, and as for Quinn, he lost track of how many beasts he had killed.

"We hunt for beast crystals just like you." Quinn commented.

Zallack believed that the group were just trying to show off, it wasn't that he didn't believe them, but compared to Jun, a professional, they were unlikely to be as seasoned as him.

Right now, Jun was avoiding all the sharp attacks from the beast, and using his hands he pointed them. The Penswi's hands, when used with their great speed, became one of the sharpest weapons and it was being proven now.

After avoiding the attack, Jun made several cuts on the back leg; he had attacked around three times before the beast swung its body and large paw.

"Our bodies aren't the strongest." Zallack said. "So it's important for Penswi to not get hit, while trying to hit the others as best as they can. It also helps us focus under pressure, it is the best training for a Penswi, but we don't usually start with something this fast."

A final sped up attack right on the head of the beast, managed to finish it off. When the beast was damaged to the point where it was no longer a threat June finally could do his finishing move.

​ "As long as you can hit without getting hit, you will be one of the best hunters there is. That is why us professionals are the best." Jun smiled with a crystal in his hand. "Do you want to give it a try?"

Quinn was the one who had decided to walk forward, rather than going through these demonstrations in order to get them to trust them to search for a nest crystal, Quinn needed to show his strength.

He walked closely to a beast, the same type and stopped as he kicked the ground. A piece of dirt came off and hit the black lion in the face, waking it up.

It opened its eyes and as an instinct attacked the air, but Quinn was too far away. The beast then looked eyes with him and immediately started to run forward, towards him. It was getting closer and closer.

'Isn't he going to move… he needs to move!' Jun thought.

The beast leapt at great speed opening its mouth wide. With a jump, Quinn raised his hand and slapped it at the top of the beast mouth. A loud snap was heard as the top of its jaw smashed against the bottom of its jaw.

Its chin then crashed into the floor, and Quinn stood there with his hand on top of the beast.

"There's no need to be so fast, if you're already strong." Quinn said.

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too bus, I tend to reply back