Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

There was little context as to what exactly this planet tournament was, but judging from the information they had gathered from Zallack and Jun it seemed to be an important event for all of the Penswi.

The question playing in Quinn's mind was whether or not he really wanted to get wrapped up in all of this business. At the end of the day, he remembered that Bliss and Sam were the ones that sent him here, and there had to be a reason for them doing that.

"You want us to join your professional team?" Quinn asked. "But we aren't Penswi, we are not like you. Is that even something that is possible, and what reason do you have for asking us to join you?"

Zallack also looked shocked, the respect that he had for his teammate Jun had completely gone out of the window, as it looked like he was up to the same tricks as he was before.

"It's simple." Jun replied. "I have seen your speed and your strength, you are extremely talented and your friends here are the same. With you, I believe it will be the first time that the Dark Red's could win.

"As for you not being Penswi, there are no rules that state that Penswi are the only ones that can enter the competition." Jun declared. "It's part of the arrogance of us Penswi, since we know that we are the fastest even including the other planets in the Universe. Since we have never met our match, anyone can try to bring in outsiders.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"As for what reason I have for asking you, it's more simple than you think. Every time there is one team that wins the grand event, the Disruptors, and it's all because of one person, Stark."

Russ' ears perked up, he remembered overhearing some of the other kids in the arcade talk about this Stark, and on some of the games there were even digital holograms of him doing the activities as well.

"My wish is simple, I want you to beat Stark, and in doing so the Dark Red's will win."

"You want us to do something you can't do?" Russ asked. "Isn't that a bit unfulfilling? If you beat him through your own effort and hard work, it would be much more satisfying in the end."

Russ was speaking from experience, the reason he was working so hard was so he could beat the Blades with his own hands. There was a sour taste in his mouth when he had learned what had happened to them, which was one of the reasons he also had no problem fighting against Jack and Jim.

"Every being is different." Jun replied. "Some may think this way, but for me it doesn't matter who is the one who has done it. Remember what I said before? Stark has never lost, no one knows the face that he will make when he experiences his first loss."

There was a sadistic look on Jun's face, but it was clear that he wasn't lying about anything he was saying. Now it was time for the group to make a decision. Plenty of planets had nest crystals and he could even ask for the help of the Mermerials.

On top of that, seeing the Amra in the arcade from earlier, Quinn also thought about paying them a visit to ask for their help as well. With the Mermerials, the Amra, the Shadow beasts, and if he eventually found the Blades, while also boosting Russ' strength along the way.

All of these forces, he hoped it would be a big enough army to take on Jim and Jack head on, but the question kept coming back into his head, what if it wasn't? There still had to be a reason he was asked to come to this planet, maybe he needed their help as well.

"This event… it's an event that is broadcasted all over the planet, correct? Does that mean your world leader, or leaders will be there?" Quinn asked.

"Of course, the King and Queen of the Penswi will be present." Jun stated. "In fact if you break many records of the Penswi, they will hold you in high regard, speed is everything to us."

With that, it looked like Quinn had made a decision. There was no need to win the tournament, but just get in front of the King and Queen without it being in a threatening manner, that way he could convince them about what was to come.

Quinn then threw over the nest crystal to Russ who managed to catch it in the air.

"Am I your bag now?" Russ complained.

"No, I am handing it over to you. Nest crystals are incredible things, and have multiple different uses that you might be aware of." Quinn explained. "One of them is increasing your MC cells. Right now, I don't have Chris, Peter or Sil by my side, I can't give you power like I have done others before either.

"So the next best thing is to increase your power. You have a god slayer power like me, and we should put it to use."

Never in his wildest dreams did he think Quinn would give him something as precious as this. Did Quinn no longer think of him as a threat just because of the Qi command. Or was he in that desperate of a situation that he needed to trust someone that was once his enemy.

"I will agree to enter your event, is it soon?" Quinn asked.

"You won't have much time to practise, it's in a couple of days and we will need to register you." Jun explained.

"Fine, let's head there and get this over with."

Quinn would show Russ how to absorb the crystal during the night. Now they had a place to stay, and a goal in sight, but he needed to prepare himself, for convincing the Penswi, and that was a tough task in itself.

As the group exited from the cave, all of the beasts remained outside staring back at them, they were the infected beasts.

"What… should we do about these? If the other Penswi see this, they might be alarmed." Zallack commented.

"Don't worry about that." Quinn swiped his hand, and shadow portals appeared behind them all, soon the large bodies of the beasts had disappeared in front of their very eyes, all stored in the shadow space.

Meanwhile, Zallack and Jun were just looking at each other. The things that they were seeing, it was something that they could only imagine gods doing. Which made them a little scared to anger the people next to them.

———

Back on the Mermerial Planet, Layla was having a much easier time settling in than she had expected. There were practically two Mermerials assigned to them, to do whatever they wished or answer any question they had.

Layla felt strange using them at first, but many times they just stood outside the house doing nothing, and they seemed far happier when asked to help with certain tasks.

On top of that, when going out with Minny and Galen, the local people greeted them nicely with open arms. She would even hear whispers about them.

"That is Quinn's family, right?"

"Yes, I think they must have some business with the Queen."

Many of the Mermerials had learned of what Quinn had done the last time he had visited. Under the old rule, they lived a life in fear, but now were living happily under Wince's rule. Because of this they were thankful to the one known as Quinn.

Once in a while, Minny, Layla and Galen would even be showered with gifts.

'I guess this is what our family should be treated like after everything Quinn has done.' Layla thought, since it was such a large contrast from the vampire settlement where they were living in hiding. 'It's a shame that Quinn doesn't get to experience this much. I hope one day he can.'

In the Palace, Wince was heading to a meeting in the council room. It was an important event because they had to talk about the stake and future of the Mermerials, especially after what Quinn had mentioned.

The doors opened, and a room filled with around thirty people all stood up from their seats and bowed down.

"Wel-"

Just as Wince was about to begin her speech, the whole room felt like it was vibrating, then a shot of bright white light came flashing down to the centre of the room. Everyone moved out of the way as the light grew, and finally as the light started to subside they could see a legendary figure in place.

"Yongbu!" Wince frowned.

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back