Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

On top of her normal duties, as well as running the planet, Wince trained everyday, and it wasn't your average amount of training either. For a Mermerial, she had the blood of the Royal family running through her veins.

Her father was one of the strongest Mermerials to exist, and naturally she had great strength since the day she was born, but being a royal, she was protected. She had trained lightly, but not with fear, and drive pushing her.

Now that she had a whole planet to run, a whole race that depended on her, she had the drive to get stronger. Which gave her the power to defeat a demon tier beast and make her own weapon.

"You are the one that's meant to be protecting us, but instead you are trying to attack one of our saviours!" Wince shouted, as she thrust the spear through the air several times.

Jets of water came shooting out all heading straight toward Yongbu. Seeing the multiple attacks, Yongbu used his large wings to cover his body and face, when the water splashed against them, it all fell to the floor.

It was an attack that would have damaged most beasts, but not Yongbu.

'Quinn… just how much stronger were you than this god, to make him cower in fear. Even using your power, he is too powerful!' Wince thought.

When his wings opened up, straight from his mouth was a large vortex of water, it was similar to the one that Yongbu had made with his hands before, but this one spun faster and was darker in colour than the attacks before.

Slamming her spear into the ground again, all of the water that was on the floor, as well as particles of water in the air, started to come around her, and made a bubble surrounding her whole body.

As the vortex of water hit the bubble, it lifted her and the bubble, pushing her like a giant snake, it pushed her right through the wall of the palace. Wince could see the outside sky.

The bubble was close to popping; it couldn't hold the attack anymore, and it eventually popped. Blocking most of the attack, she then used her fingers to spin the trident, but the vortex of water still hit her.

The vortex took her out of the air, and slammed her right into the hard icy ground. Her body was hurt, but she needed to get up and continue fighting. Lifting her hand and hitting the trident on the floor again, water surrounded the weapon and helped lift her own body off the ground.

"This is… the ice sculpture garden." Wince commented, as she looked at the area around her.

It was one of the displays at the Royal palace. A giant garden where the floor was completely covered in ice and there was sculptures of giant beasts, houses and more that were spread out all over the place.

At times it was a place open to the public, so they could walk around and enjoy the sights, but that wasn't the case right now and she was thankful for that. Because moments later, Yongbu landed, crashing down on one of the ice sculptures sending shards of ice in all different directions.

The landing was a heavy one.

"Even if you have celestial energy, that doesn't make you a god." Yongbu declared. "Do you know how many 1000's of years I have been watching over the Mermerial race? I am a being that you should respect, if I tell you to do something, then you should listen!"

Wince had only been hit once, and she could feel the pain throughout her body, if it wasn't for the energy that was running through her body, the energy that Quinn had given her, perhaps just that one attack would have finished her.

Opening up his mouth again, hundreds of the small tentacles around Yongbu could be seen moving about, and the dark blue water could be seen. Chucking his head forward, the vortex came straight out toward her.

"I will face this head on!" Wince shouted.

She started to run forward, on the ice, and when the vortex was ready to reach her, she thrust her trident forward, cutting the attack, pushing it back slightly for a second or so. She took a step forward while the water was pushing her back.

She continued to push, with her feet moving forward one step at a time.

'My strength… it's leaving me, I don't know how much further I can go… will I be able to reach him?'

She had pushed forward but there was still a good ten metres to go before she could reach him, and she was starting to feel her feet sliding her back, back to her original position where she started,

'I can't… I can't do it.'

All of the muscles in her body felt like they were breaking, and if she let up for a second, the vortex of water would eat her away. She was ready to close her eyes, until the vortex of water stopped.

A woman was standing in front of her, dressed in all black, with a black trench coat that was fluttering in the wind, while armour could be seen on several places on her body, but what stood out was the black sword in her hand.

"You stopped my attack?" Yongbu said. "But how? You have no celestial energy. That sword, what is it, is it a god slayer item?"

"Layla… why are you here." Wince said as she recognized the woman, and soon felt someone tugging on her sleeve. Wince had already collapsed to her knees as soon as the attack had stopped, any longer and she would have been done for.

​ When looking at who tugged at her sleeve, she could see it was a child that looked like it couldn't have been older than one year old, but when he suddenly placed his hands on her face, her whole body felt warm, and a familiar energy was felt.

"You should thank him, it was because of him that we got here in time, and could see the trouble you were in." Layla said. "Can you move?"

Although Wince would have answered no before, after meeting the small boy, she did have enough energy, enough energy to fight even.

"I can move." Wince answered.

"Good, then take Galen somewhere safe, and look after him… let us deal with this for you." Layla said.

Wince was annoyed, annoyed at the fact that after all her hard work, she was unable to fight. The people she was trying to protect were now protecting her, but the least she could do was not get in the way.

"Be careful, he's strong." Wince said.

She picked up Galen, and ran into one of the house-like ice sculptures up to the second platform and was watching from afar.

"Does she think I'm going to follow her?" Yongbu laughed. "I have already figured out who you are, and you interest me far more than them. You are not a Mermerial, anyone could see that clear as day, so my guess is your related to the person I'm looking for Quinn Talen, you're his family… correct."

Layla had no idea why this giant sea monster was looking for them, but now she knew it had something to do with Quinn. It didn't look like a creation of Jim's or Jack's, but now they knew it was somewhat their fault.

"Tell me, where is Quinn Talen!" Yonbu demanded.

From the corner of his eye he saw something flicker, when he turned his head, he could only just see it and bent back his head. A red claw was seen travelling through the air, slicing off a few of the small tentacles around Yongbu's mouth.

'Is this a celestial?' Yongbu thought, as he could feel the intense power coming off from it.

The small person soon landed on the ice skidding on the ground.

"Someone as ugly as you shouldn't say my dad's name!" Minny growled in her fully transformed celestial form.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmangaYôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back