Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

A dreaded feeling was coming over Layla, something she had experienced many times before, but at this stage at this point and time, she didn't quite think she would feel it again, helplessness. Flashing memories came into her mind, of times where she could't help her mother, times she was unable to help Erin, and Cia.

Right in front of her eyes, she was witnessing the worst, her child, her own flesh and blood that had been created between her and Quinn was going to be taken away. Whatever Mundus planned to do with the child, she didn't want to know.

Watching this whole scene, she felt something as she reached out.

'Sword! I don't care what happens to me, you can take over my body, take whatever you want, my soul, my entire life, but do whatever you can to stop that person!' Layla screamed.

The sword could feel Layla's strong will and in turn it responded to it.

'Very well.' The sword responded. 'Whatever you do, don't let go.'

Blood filled the entirety of Layla's eyes, the white and not even the pupil could be seen. It started to come out from every hole that was possible, her nose, and ears, and dripped out from her mouth.

Everything in her body was telling her that she needed to drop and let go of the sword. If she did, then the excruciating pain that she was feeling right now would completely disappear, but she had to fight all of that in her body.

The sword told her not to let go, and she wasn't going to let go. Her mind had gone blank, she was unable to see, nor think. In this state there was no chance for her to fight.

The sword feared that this could happen, but was counting on something else. As Layla held onto the sword, it allowed it to use its powers outside of itself and through Layla. A large wave pulsed out from her body.

It was invisible to the naked eye, but it had real effects. As the pulse moved through the air, everything started to move once again. It was sent out in all directions first hitting Minny.

She immediately fell down to the ground, confused by everything that was happening.

'Where did that man go, did he run?' Minny thought, her eyes soon caught on to something else, it was her mother.

"MUMMMM!" Minny screamed.

She witnessed her mother holding the sword with both her hands, her entire body shaking while standing in a pool of blood that was growing by the second.

The pulse went out, hitting Yongbu as well. He could move again, the powers of Mundus affected even celestials. He had an idea of what was happening but was unsure about what to do, or the reason for the time power breaking like so.

Then finally, the pulse had hit both Galen and Wince who were able to move again. Wince was confused, as the whole scene in front of her had changed. It wasn't as if it had happened quickly, it had just changed, she hadn't even blinked.

Layla was on the other side standing in her blood. Mundus was only a few metres away. Rather than trying to figure out the situation, she acted instead as she pulled out her trident and thrust it forward, shooting out a vortex of water.

With a wave of his hand, the vortex of water had stopped mid air, but as quickly as it stopped it started to move again. Seeing this, instead Mundus' arm started to glow white, he thrust it into the vortex of water, breaking it into small droplets that fell to the ground.

"What are you even trying to do?" Mundus asked, while turning his head to look at Layla, he knew that his powers were having trouble from working due to her. "You, who has the most chance of beating me in a fight, can't even move because you are drawing out so much power from that sword.

"If you continue to hold that sword like so, you will die. You have stopped my powers for now, but for how long? How much longer can you last? A minute, then after that minute I will just get what I want anyway.

"All of this is pointless."

Mundus was trying to get through to Layla with words, but he soon realised that she perhaps wasn't able to comprehend what he was saying anyway. With a sigh, he moved over to where she was, past Minny and now was by Layla's side.

'As expected, even though I'm this close to her, she can't swing the sword.'

"You dying will cause me quite a problem." Mundus said. "I need to ask him a favour and I don't think he will be so complying if you are dead."

Grabbing hold of the sword with one hand Mundus lightly pushed her with the other. No longer holding onto the sword, Layla immediately fell into her own pool of blood on the ice.

At the same time, Mundus dropped the sword, as it was no longer pulsing, no longer having the same effect.

'Even though she is no longer using it, if I hold onto the sword, then I can't use my own powers. That is certainly an annoying weapon.' Mundus thought. He activated his powers again and everything came to a standstill.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Yongbu had a stunned expression, as he looked at the scene. Wince had tried to hurl the trident at him and it had stopped mid air, she was still holding onto Galen tightly.

On the ice though, there was something that Mundus was able to see that was moving.

"I seem to be getting quite a few surprises today." Mundus said. "The sword's ability is no longer in effect, so why can you move?"

In between Wince and Mundus there was another person that had moved, and that was Minny, but she didn't look the same as she did moments ago. Rather than in her red covered celestial self, her entire body was covered by the shadow.

It was flickering, moving about, and Minny's heartbeat and breath could be heard moving as well.

'Is it that the god slayer-like power that Quinn possessed? It seems like this little girl can do it as well, but how is it blocking out my power?' Mundus thought.

Focusing a bit more, Mundus somewhat could tell, because he could sense his own powers.

"Now I see, it's not that my powers aren't working, but due to your ability they are taking longer to take effect." Mundus said. "Eventually, time will stand still for you as well."

The reason he was saying this out loud was because he wanted to dissuade her from fighting of course. It was the easiest way to get the job done.

As for Minny, she had no idea if covering herself in a shadow-like body like Quinn did from time to time would work. The shadow ability also had an effect of time.

Objects that touched it, powers and more, would be slowed down and it was the same for Mundus' ability. His ability was everywhere in the air, but as it touched Minny's shadow it was being slowed down, and the usual effect was slowly building up.

With time, she too would eventually come to a standstill.

"Dad told me… that it was my job to protect everyone!" Minny shouted. "And, while he is away, I will protect everyone!"

"My powers will eventually get to you, there is no point in fighting." Mundus said.

"I… don't need long." Minny held out her hand, and out from her shadow, an item had appeared.

Minny remembered, she remembered very well that Quinn, her father, had given her a gift. He stated that she was only to use it if she felt like she was in dire need, if she really needed to.

It was safe to say that she believed this was the right time to use it, to use the god slayer item that had been given to her.

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.