When making the god slayer tier weapon, Quinn had gone through more troubles than he had let on. There was a lot going through his mind, because after all, it was the first god slayer tier weapon that was to be created.

For one, what he had was a god slayer upgrade crystal, which meant he would have to select a demon tier item that he wished to upgrade to the next stage. Out of the demon tier items he already had, he felt like none of them really suited Minny.

There was the armour, but that was already a celestial item and had kept its status. It was hard to say if using the upgrade crystal on it would make it better, or just change it slightly. If it was the case, it would feel like a waste of using such a powerful item.

Which was why he had decided to use the upgrade crystal on a demon tier item first. On top of that, the greatest forger that Quinn knew was now stuck in his weapon, so the two of them had to get to work together.

'The demon tier weapon or item will be used as a base, but we honestly don't know how much the upgrade crystal will affect the item.' Alex explained. 'In some cases, it can completely change the item, the skills, everything from what I have used before from upgrade crystals.

'But in most cases, it improves on the base skills. Still, I have a feeling that whatever base active skills the weapons have, it will be quite a significant jump.'

At the moment, the demon tier crystal was in front of him, they were in the forging room and Alex was explaining a few details before the work was to be done.

'Significant jump, what do you mean?' Quinn asked.

'Well think about it, god slayers are significant beings compared to demon tier beasts. If you were to ask me. Any god slayer would be able to beat a demon tier beast at any level including a humanoid one.

'I know you told me that a celestial's strength varies but if we take you as an example when you evolved into a celestial vampire I would say the same, your power jumped significantly. Which is why we can assume the same will happen again.'

Although this was good information to know, it wasn't as if Quinn would come across something like this everyday, nor did he wish to become a forger.

'So what are you trying to tell me?' He asked.

'That perhaps the base skill of the weapon created we don't have to worry about too much.' Alex explained. 'As you may know, certain crystals have a tendency to lean into being crafted into certain things. Whether that be a sword, a shield, or an earring of some sort.

'However a skilled forger like myself can form the weapon into a shape or form as he wishes, but it might not bring out the full potential that was originally intended for the crystal. In this case, since the item will be upgraded to a god slayer item in the first place, I don't think we have to worry too much about this part, so I'm asking you, what do you think will suit Minny?'Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

It was a long way of saying things, but Quinn knew Alex only did this when he was excited, and besides there was no one else for him to talk to apart from him. Being trapped in the weapon must be a horror for him.

Originally they thought they could just locate Sil, and get him into a body of his own, but things turned out to be a lot more difficult than originally planned.

'A weapon for Minny is quite hard to think about.' Quinn pondered. 'Most of the time when she is fighting, she does so in her celestial form now. If she was to come across a strong enemy, then no doubt she would use that form.

'In that form, she uses her hands and feet, mostly relying on her speed. Her hands are encased in a hardened form of blood aura mixed with celestial energy that make them twice the size. Honestly when I think about it, I can't think of any weapon that would really suit her.

'Even if we did make a weapon like a sword or something, she would have to learn how to use the weapon. I'm not exactly the best when it comes to weapons either but Leo would teach me if it was something I struggled with. For Minny in this situation, she has no one to teach her.'

It was hard to think of, and because of this Quinn was going toward some type of armour, but remembered the problems he had. Celestial energy seemed to have problems when touching beast armour as well.

That might have been an effect only Quinn's celestial energy had, since he was unable to use it properly at the time, but that was a big risk factor. There was no point weakening Minny for her to use something else. Of course, there was a chance that a god slayer item wasn't affected by this.

"If you were naturally going to use the demon tier crystal to create something, what would it end up being?" Quinn asked.

"A ring… it would be an item type." Alex answers. "Don't be disappointed when you hear this. Although it's true that item type equipment tend to have a lower appeal compared to weapons due to their strength, a lot of that changes at the demon tier level.

"Think about the amulet that you had before. No one would say that was less of a demon tier item compared to the swords that others had wielded." Alex explained. "And for a god slayer item, I would say even more so. In my mind, for an item to be considered at a god slayer level yet not be a weapon, would mean it would have to have a pretty strong active skill."

Hearing all of this, Quinn liked the sound of it. The two of them worked endlessly for days as they went ahead to create the perfect god slayer item. It was a first for Alex and he wasn't in his own body while making it, but it wasn't as if Quinn's body was in no shape to do such things.

Using the crystal was new for both of them as well, but Quinn had sharp senses, and could influence the flow of energy while doing the heavy work. Although Alex didn't want to say anything, to put it simply Quinn was a natural at this.

If he was taught how to become a forger, perhaps the two would be rivals in the whole thing.

"So this is it in the end." Quinn looked deeply at the ring, it was a relatively thick band that was a light green with a glitter like shine, then at the top there was a gem, one that looked quite similar to a nest crystal.

Staring into the gem it was almost as if one was staring into space.

As usual after Quinn created an item, he would use his inspect skill, to see what it could do and what the active skills would be. That way he could also tell Minny how to use it as well. Since there wouldn't be many instances where she could practise using it, at least not in the vampire settlement.

"What is this… I've never seen an item able to do such a thing. Is this even possible?" Quinn said.

"I told you my instincts were right!" Alex bragged. "Once again, I have created another masterpiece to add to my collection."

The effect of the ring was so great for a second Quinn even thought about keeping it, as it would do him well in battles, but he knew that it would be good in Minny's hands. He needed a sure fire way to keep her safe and with this, he believed she would be safe, no matter who she was up against.

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.