Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Minny didn't quite know what was going on, but she could feel it in her shadow. A power that was creeping in and slowly affecting her, how much time she had left, it was hard to say, but either way she needed to do everything she could.

Summoning the box her father gave her, it appeared in her hand from the shadows. They continually surrounded the whole area just in case there was a way for Mundus to get involved.

Gripping her hand tightly, the box broke and immediately the green ring with the special gem was placed right on her finger. It could only be seen for a moment before it disappeared as the shadow covered it completely.

'I can't remember everything that father told me about how to use it, but I have to do the best I can to protect my family!' Minny shouted in her head as she pushed out her hand.

All of a sudden, the distance between Mundus and Minny was getting further apart. There was no force felt on Mundus' body so he was confused why, by the second, the distance was getting larger between the two.

'What is she doing, what is that item that she is using?' Mundus thought.

Although he could feel no force, something was clearly happening, so he attempted to use his own powers on whatever it was in front of him but there was no effect at all.

'I have to break out of whatever this is!' Mundus took a step to the right quickly, and moved. Once again, it was sudden but his position and the distance between the two were back to normal.

​ Minny moved her hand attempting to aim it at Mundus again, but since he was unsure with what was happening, he was moving at a fast speed. His speed was incredibly fast, and like a flash he was right by Minny, now standing right behind her.

Her power seemed to be limited by her hand, where the ring was placed, so as long as he was behind her it would be fine. A large amount of celestial energy had built up in the palm of his hand turning it completely white.

'To condense and build up this much celestial energy would take an enormous amount of time, but with my ability I can speed up the process. I can gather my celestial energy faster than anyone and I can recover my celestial energy faster than anyone as long as I can still use my power.

'My powers are what makes me so different compared to the others, and you will understand that!'

Throwing his hand out, he just needed to destroy her outer shadow for his powers to work and then he could get on with his business. Swinging his hand out he had hit nothing but the air.

The celestial energy was super condensed in his hand into one place, so it made no impact on the ice or the air around it, it was meant to just strike its target and nothing else, but where was his target?

Looking around, he saw that Minny was behind him, a metre or so in the air.

'My power is still having an effect, so how was she able to move that fast? No, it's impossible for her to have moved that fast. Is it teleportation, it has to be, but how does she have a power like that?' Mundus was deeply confused and the confusion was only going to grow.

A black circle could be seen on the palm of her hand, it was almost like a small ball. At first Mundus thought it was her shadow powers, but the colour of the ball was much darker, and soon he was lifted up off form his feet and his whole body was moving towards the black ball.

'This force, no matter what I do, no matter how hard I try to fight back I can't contain it!'

When Mundus was within range, Minny pulled back her fist, red aura was growing out of it and mixing with the purple shadows creating a strange purple and red effect around her hand.

Throwing it out, it landed right in Mundus' stomach, the whole space and area seemed to distort before he was sent flying onto the ground, he crashed and cracked through the ice, into the deep water and continued to move through it.

However, the sight was a strange one because with his own powers he made sure that the water didn't move, so it almost looked like there was just a large hole in the sea.

'That's the first time I have been hit in a while. I never thought such a person would give me trouble.' Mundus thought.

Swirling both of his hands, the white celestial energy seemed to linger in the air, creating a large circle then pushing his hands forward a large beam of energy came out, right toward Minny who was still somehow floating in the air.

Once again, the attack was too fast for someone to move out of the way, especially one that was in the air. At the same time, her shadow wasn't strong like her father's taking the hit, so she would lose all of her MC cell's, thus allowing Mundus power to work on her.

Still holding out her hand again, she closed it, and in doing so the attack had completely disappeared. It didn't look like it had been blocked, or a force had gotten rid of it; it was just gone.

Now there was a clear line of sight between Minny and Mundus, she started to swing her hands and multiple attacks of strong red aura came out. Minny could feel it though, she was moving slower than she usually would have done, and in turn the attacks were moving slower, but that didn't matter, because the red aura attacks had completely stopped and were still in the air.

Mundus quickly came out from the water and emerged from the ice.

"My power doesn't just work on beings and objects, it works on powers as well, which is why I'm confused… why it's not working on—"

One moment the red aura attacks were in the air, and the next, they had hit him right on his body. They had hit him at the same time, but were unable to make a cut on his body but they still caused a bit of pain on his end.

When the attacks stopped, Mundus started to move, running around Minny in circles.

"Now I understand what your power is, creating a large distance between us, moving to the point where it looks like teleportation, sucking in my body, and getting rid of my attack, as well as my powers. That item, it's given you the powers of space!"

Space and Time, two powers that were closely related and in this case, it seemed the power of space was far more powerful than what Mundus could do. He was amazed that such an item could allow a person to do such a thing, and in today's fights he had found two that were beyond incredible and could trump his own powers, but he still wasn't afraid, because he could tell, time was nearly up.

Seeing Mundus just run around, Minny created the black ball in her hand again. It started to move Mundus off his feet one more time toward her. Midway, while he was in the air, he fell back down onto the ice.

"You… for a little one are a strong fighter… it's too bad time wasn't on your side." Mundus said.

The shadow was fading from Minny's body, it wasn't the ring's power that had ended, it was her own MC cells, her shadow power that had come to an end. Eventually Mundus's powers would have reached her anyway, but her own power wasn't strong enough.

Now without the shadow body to protect her, Minny's whole body was completely frozen in time, and she was unable to use her ring to summon her powers.

Mundus had won the battle, but it was a lot harder than he originally thought it was going to be.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"Now to get back to what I was looking at." Mundus said, turning to Galen.

******

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.