Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

There weren't a lot of times where Quinn could just have fun like this. He was already sure that he would get to meet the King and Queen after the event and there he would make his plea.

Win or lose it didn't matter, but there were two things he wanted to see. Just how fast could Stark go, how useful could he be, and of course his younger self side of him.

He wanted to win, and win using just his speed, rather than his powers.

'Let's just try this first.' Quinn thought to himself, as he took a running stance.

Stark was still relaxed but he liked the look on his opponent's face, so he was ready. At that moment, Quinn ran forward, and he didn't hold back, he moved his legs as fast as he could.

All of his stat points and his advanced body zoomed him straight ahead, he reached out as he could see the tag in front of him, but Stark had moved to the side.

'He's fast, really fast, and he hasn't transformed his body into a Penswi like the other one did... how can this be?' Stark was thinking.

He didn't have time to rest either, as Quinn quickly went from his position, and reached out trying to grab the tag. Stark was moving his legs while also leaning his body from side to side.

The crowd was watching as Quinn was running back and forth, left, right, and using his hands in an attempt to grab the tag. On the big screen, once in a while it would show in slow motion Quinn's fingers almost getting the tag but missing.

'I'm not so good at this dodging stuff, and I might be going crazy but I think he's getting closer and closer to grabbing it.'

Stark was confused, because he didn't feel like Quinn was getting faster, yet somehow he was getting closer and closer to getting the tag. What was coming through at the moment was Quinn's fighting experience.

His ability to adapt to the situation and guess what direction the opponent would move in, he was making smaller and smaller movements.

'Alright time for a change of plan!' Stark thought.

Rather than dodging, he was now running around further, and in circles around the arena, but Quinn didn't give up as he gave chase and was a bit behind him.

'When we run like this, it becomes clear as day that he's a lot faster than me.' Quinn thought, as the distance between the two was growing. 'I have a lot of stamina but it looks like Stark does as well. At least that's good to learn, but I guess I have no choice, I can't just do this with my natural speed.'

Stark could easily keep this up for the remainder of the event, and he just had to be careful that he didn't get too far ahead, otherwise Quinn could just turn the other way, which was why once in a while he would turn back to look behind him. While doing so, Quinn was doing something as well.

Before he was just using the natural power of his body nothing else, but there was a way he could move a little faster, and that was with the first stage of Qi. Qi was now being used to enhance his body.

During fights this was something Quinn did naturally all the time. With his body as advanced as it was, a lot of Qi could be used without harming the body. Now it was being focused on just his legs.

He started moving faster, and he was closing the distance between the two of them.

'He got faster... he's not tiring out... was he not going his full speed before?' Stark thought back to when he was just using his body and avoiding getting grabbed. 'No, I could see the look on his face, he was definitely moving as fast as possible, but this doesn't make any sense, unless... did he just have a breakthrough in the middle of our match!'

The crowd that was cheering for Stark, were left speechless and many of them were standing on the edge of their seats, as they could see bit by bit Quinn getting closer, and if Quinn was getting closer to Stark, it meant he was moving faster than him as well.

'How long has it been?' Stark thought. 'I've always been comfortable, so comfortable in these events and for the first time... today, I was a little worried, and now I've experienced the same thing a second time!'

There was a strange glow in Stark's eyes, and just as Quinn was about to grab the back of his shoulder, he had grabbed nothing but the air. Instead of just running in a circle around the arena, Stark was now running in zig zag's from side to side all over the place.

He wasn't going a clear way and was showing his agility and dexterity. He was certainly agile.

'You think I can't keep up!' Quinn inwardly said.

Following him Quin was doing the same thing, once again from the fights he also was very agile. The problem was, not only was Stark now moving in an agile way, he was moving faster.

The two of them were moving at a faster speed, but since Quinn was the chaser, the distance between the two of them wouldn't shorten, this continued and it looked like there was now going to be a clear winner for the event.

----

"Damn it!" the coach shouted. "We were so close, if he was up against any other Penswi then Quinn wouldn't lose!"

"I think, if he was up against the old Stark, he would have won today as well. I think in this event, he must have had a breakthrough, his speed, the score he achieved before, he's never moved this fast." Jun commented.

It was only natural when in competition with one another that the other person would have to push themselves, and they had never seen Stark do this before.

"Is there any way he can win?" One of the other members asked.

"There is." Russ commented. "But I wonder if Quinn will consider it cheating?"

------

Looking at the timer, the one minute mark had finally hit, as in there was only one minute left and the event would be over. Seeing this Quinn stopped in his tracks, and seeing that he was no longer chasing him Stark stopped as well.

"Are you giving up already!" Stark shouted out. "It was a good try, you did far better than I thought, and allowed me to improve more so than I ever imagined. So don't be down, no one has ever been able to beat me."

"Can you run faster than this?" Quinn asked.

Stark found it a strange question, why was there the need to ask this.

"I'm doing the best I believe I can do now, but who knows, I guess we will never know how fast I can run without there being someone faster than you."

Looking down at the ground Quinn smiled. If he was just using his Qi and his own body he had lost this speed event. Now that he had accepted that, he wanted to see something else.

Unlike the face of loss the others wanted to witness, Quinn wanted to witness just how far Stark could go.

"I can go faster." Quinn answered. "A lot faster."Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Soon Quinn's body started to cover itself in shadows. It looked similar to the shadow body that he would have at times when fighting, although this wasn't the shadow body.

The shadow was a display of his body, but it was there to hide something else. Russ sitting in the game room had figured it out.

"I didn't quite expect this." Russ smiled.

[Nitro Accelerate activated]

From his position, in a flash, Quinn had reached Stark, and grabbed the tag right off his chest. Stark hadn't moved... It was so sudden.

"Now, it's your turn to catch me." Quinn said, with only 20 seconds left on the clock.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.