Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 216 Unusual friendship

At military base two, it seemed like things were starting to calm down. Not just for the soldiers in the base but also for Quinn and his group. The video seemed to work quite well and it looked like they had nearly called off the entire search.

The base was now just treating it as a secondary objective now rather than a full-on search. Because of this, each member felt like a huge weight was lifted off their shoulders. However, Layla felt like a new one was put on hers.

There was only one problem left to solve right now and that was Peter. The group had decided they would continue to hide Peter inside Logan’s room. It wasn’t the right time to reveal him. The tension was still a little high.

While he stayed in Logan’s room it would also give him time to practise on the details of the student he was pretending to be.

Before leaving Logan’s room Quinn made a cut on his hand and fed some of his blood to Peter. Before leaving he would give him the command to not attack Logan. He would need to do this every night just to make sure until Peter was able to use the disguise.

This meant right now it was night time, the others had left and the only ones in the room were both Logan and Peter.

Despite their situation, Logan simply continued his normal routine into the night. He was at his workbench using strange tools as he messed around with his gadgets. This continued on for a few hours.

"Where did I put that cogwheel?" Logan asked himself as he surveyed around the room but couldn’t find anything. As he swivelled around in his chair, he noticed that Peter was standing in the same spot and wasn’t moving.

"Do you not need to sleep?" Logan asked.

Peter replied by just shaking his head.

"Well, I don’t sleep much either." He shrugged and then motioned to him, "Hey, do you mind passing me that cogwheel shape by your side?"

Peter looked around for it and proceeded to hand over the strange device that Logan had asked him. Without saying anything else, Logan continued to work on his new invention.

"Pass me the green glowing circular orb." He asked.

"The one on your left, that spinning spikey thing...." Logan asked once more, "And that upside down looking U... now that beast crystal to your right.." He continued to ask for different tools and Peter did as he asked and handed them to him.

"Finally finished!" Logan said and turned to Peter. "You were a great help, you didn’t ask me any questions and didn’t keep me distracted from my work, Peter. Now it’s my turn to help you."

Logan opened up the files and had the information of the student named Pio Blank on display. While the file was open, Logan would ask a series of questions and Peter would answer. They would continue doing this until Peter could remember every detail about Pio blank by heart.

The speed that Peter was able to memorize everything even impressed Logan. It was like his memory was picture perfect.

"Do you mind doing me another favour?" Logan asked with a slight smile on his face.

Peter hopped into the VR machine and while connected Logan would communicate to him through his computer. Right now Logan wanted to see the capabilities and just how strong Peter was.

Logan asked Peter to do a series of things, such as run as fast as he could, throw a bunch as hard as he could as well as dodge a bunch of incoming objects that were thrown at him inside the simulation.

Eventually with all the stats recorded Logan had something else he wanted to try.

"Peter, behind you a pair of weapons will appear. Use them however you wish against the NPC enemies."

Suddenly, a pair of short blades appeared on the ground behind him, and at the same time, 8 different men all in a solid black colour appeared. They didn’t look like humans but like blobs of Ink instead.

These were the NPCs that Logan had created to practise his own fighting skills and weren’t part of the game he created.

Using the two weapons and Peter’s speed he was able to deal with most of the enemies with ease, and Logan was impressed. Right now both of his strength and speed were nearly four times the level of an average human. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Logan continued these sets of tests and each time he would drop in a different weapon for Peter to use against the enemies. Right now, Logan had set the game to allow his body to react like it would do in real life and what was more amazing than anything was the fact that Peter never seemed to get tired.

He was able to fight just as well as he did from the start of the game to the end. Peter while going through the entire process was actually having fun. On the outside, he hadn’t really been able to test his strength and for the first time, he was able to use it freely.

Even if he was being used by Logan for his own purposes he didn’t mind so much. The relationship between the two of them was give and take.

Finally, the simulation had ended and Peter exited out of the pod. After gathering all of Peter’s stats Logan had come to the conclusion that Peter would make a great spy or assassin.

When using the weapons he performed best with the short duel blades. He also never tired and could run at great speeds, he also had a nearly perfect memory and lastly, he also knew that they had the ability of transformation. Being able to disguise himself as anyone he wanted.

It was a shame that Peter was already on Quinn’s team. If the case had been any different then Logan would have loved to have invited him other for his very own portal outing.

While Logan was deep in thought he heard a knock on the door and to his utter surprise, it was Quinn and Fex.

"What are two doing back here so soon?" Logan asked.

"What are you talking about?" Quinn replied.

Logan quickly rushed to his computer to check the time and it was already the next day in the afternoon. Classes for the school day had already ended and Fex along with Quinn had come to check up on Peter, as well as another reason.

Without realising it, Logan had been up the whole day with Peter.

"What can I do for you?" Logan muttered as he rubbed his bloodshot red eyes.

"You can sleep if you want?" Quinn asked.

"Yeah, you look nearly as dead as Peter." Fex added with a chuckle.

"Well, I can decide that once you two let me know what you need. If you are here for Peter, me and him are doing great."

"Actually," Quinn replied. "I was hoping we could use your VR capsule. I wanted you to add Fex’s ability to the game for us."

Now that everything had calmed down, Fex was finally able to keep well on his promise. He was planning to show Quinn how to fight the vampire way.

****

The mass release has been delayed to tomorrow, had a busy day today sorry.

Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author’s note below.

MVS Artwork on instagram: jksmanga