Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Although using one's powers wasn't against the rules, Quinn wasn't so sure about using his armour. At that point, when he had admitted he had already lost, he just wanted to witness how far Stark could go.

So he wouldn't get in trouble with the event, he decided to use his shadow to hide the armour change underneath. It was impossible for one to notice, and it worked like a treat.

With nitro accelerate active for the remainder of the match, Quinn would be going at his top speed. Placing the tag on his chest, it stuck quite easily, and Quinn also used his shadow to hold it in place so Stark could easily see it, but straight after he was already running and it was a blur.

'This speed, there is someone who can really move this fast... in the universe there are those that are faster than the Penswi, no... faster than me!'

"Stark... is he going to lose?"

"He can't, the Penswi are incredibly fast, for 1000's of years aliens have come to visit us, and none have ever been faster than most of our Penswi, let alone Stark."

"I guess, we might not be that great after all."

For the Penswi, those who only cared about speed, this was quite a devastating thing for a lot of them, for a lot of those that considered themselves fans.

"I... I... I can't just give up, I have to catch him!" Stark moved his legs using all his strength, running straight forward, he reached out and grabbed nothing but the air.

This wasn't like Quinn when he had nearly grabbed the tag by his fingertips, Stark couldn't see a figure at all. He turned his head, and quickly continued to move after Quinn.

Regardless, he was unable to catch up, as Quinn moved from one place to another. The second Stark would take a step to go toward him, then he would take a step to try his best to move out of the way.

"Faster... faster... I have to move faster!" Stark shouted, as he bore through the pain he could feel in his legs. It was the first time for him, feeling such pain, but he ignored it as he continued to chase after Quinn.

'As I thought.' Quinn said, as he continued to move out of the way. 'This guy, he really can move faster... even now he's picking up speed as this match goes on. It makes me wonder, if Stark had this armour, if he learned to use beast armour and had something like this, just how fast could he go?

'Would anyone be able to catch up to him? Would anyone even be able to touch him.'

Unfortunately for Stark, even though he was getting faster and faster, there was no longer any time left.

*Beep

"The game has ended..."

The announcer stopped at just those words, because he didn't know what to say, it was the same in the entire arena, all of the Penswi were silent, apart from a few.

In the Dark Reds' team room, the coach's fists were shaking.

"We did it! He did it, everyone did it, we won!" The coach shouted for joy as he jumped.

All of those from the Dark Reds came over and lifted him up in the air as they were cheering, apart from Jun and Russ, because they were more focused on the screen, looking at how everyone else would react to this.

"The winner... the winner... is the alien from the Dark Reds, Quinn Talen!"

Ceril hearing this started to clap and cheer, and so did the Amra bashing his four hands together making thunderous claps. Because of these two, it seemed to knock the Penswi out of their daze.

It wasn't the right time to be upset, they should be happy that they were able to witness such a great event, and not take joy away from the winner. Soon they all started to clap for the winner, Quinn Talen.

As the winner was declared it was time, the camera was deeply focused on Stark, who had his head held down, he had both of his fists clenched.

'I was getting faster and faster. My leg's... they won't stop screaming in pain, but I know if I just had longer, than maybe... maybe I would have caught up to him. Is this how the others felt?'

Inside the Dark Reds' room, both Jun and Russ were pleased with the look on his face, they were smiling like little children and jumping for joy at this, but the face of Stark started to change as he lifted his head.

It soon turned into a smile as he looked at Quinn.

'This means... that there isn't a limit to speed. There is someone faster out there, so it means I have a way to improve myself as well. Legs... it looks like we got a lot more work to do.'

----

Not many words were exchanged between Stark and Quinn, as they headed back to their rooms with their teams. Quinn was greeted with joy of course but now they had to get ready for something else, which was the closing ceremony of the event.

All of the teams were invited back out, and waved to the crowd outside. Then for the first time ever, they had heard it, a change in the team that had won the championship, it was the Dark Reds.

There were three trophies in total, a Purple colour, which was similar to Earth's gold, a Green, and an orange. Which represented something similar to silver and bronze.

From each team, only one person was able to go up on stage and collect the trophy and of course they selected Quinn to do so. Going on stage wasn't too hard for him, but he had to do so next to Stark.

Finally, the King and Queen of the Penswi had come out, and they were the ones that needed to award the Winners their rewards. Each time they handed an award over, the name was broadcasted and the Penswi people cheered.

Finally, it was time for the purple trophy, the Queen went and handed it directly over to the King.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"It is an honour to have an alien as fast as you, to bless our planet with your speed." The King said, handing over the trophy. Quinn accepted and bowed down.

"If there is anything that you need from us, then please don't hesitate to ask." The King stated.

Quinn took this opportunity without hesitation.

"Then if possible, could I ask for a meeting with you... it is an urgent matter, regarding your people." Quinn asked politely.

Usually, the King and Queen would reject such a thing. Unless that alien themself was an important figure from another planet, why would they care what he had to say, but they saw him in a different light after seeing this event, and they decided to accept his request.

"I would like Stark to be in the meeting as well if possible."

The King had agreed and since they were all currently present, the meeting was to be done in the venue itself there and then. There were still ending shows for the closing ceremony so the Penswi remained in the arena.

Meanwhile, the Dark Reds, Jun, the coach, everyone on the team including Russ, Quinn, and Stark were in the private viewing booth.

It was a large glass room that allowed one to see the whole arena and down at the event. Inside, there were also multiple guards which did have some type of armour on.

It was clear that they were a bit different, even compared to the pro team.

"Why... have we been called here?" The Coach whispered confused.

"It was a request of Quinn, apparently he has something to say to all of us." Jun replied back.

The King and Queen sat in their seats, two large oval-like red chairs that spun around. They now weren't facing the arena, and instead were facing the guests that were inside.

"You said that there is an important matter that the Penswi must be aware of, well, please speak." The King asked.

Quinn took a step forward ahead of the others but stopped there before he spoke.

"I am someone from a planet called Earth." Quinn claimed. "Currently, the ones that are in charge of Earth are going through the Universe destroying planet after planet. Capturing races, and forcing them to do their bidding.

"Soon, they will be here as well, and will do the same to the people of the Penswi. I have come here not just to warn you, but because... I wish to fight with you against them to help your planet."

The sudden words from Quinn had put great shock in the King and Queen, and it was incredibly hard to digest so suddenly but he needed to get to the point, wasting time wasn't an option.

"Are you saying, the people who come from the same planet as yourself are trying to attack us? But why would they do such a thing?"

"I... don't know, but I promise you they will come, and not just here but to multiple planets with different races. I want to stop them, but I'm not strong enough on my own, which is why I need your help." Quinn claimed.

"That's absurd." The Queen complained. "Of course you can't stop them by yourself, you are just one person. Since you are here, I guess you ran away, but what were you expecting, are you planning to try to use our army, our people as your own, to fight in your own fight."

"I agree with my wife." The King said. "The Penswi are strong, even if there was someone who would come to attack us, we can defend ourselves. I can't believe you would suggest such an absurd thing."

There was silence in the room, and Russ was wondering what Quinn would do now. It was always going to be a hard ask, so was he just going to give up?

"You are strong enough to defend yourselves. That's where you're wrong." Quinn moved his hands and as he did, he had done the same thing as before, the twelve or so guards that were in the room fainted on the spot, falling to the ground.

Not only that, Quinn no longer suppressed his energy as he unleashed his power, the red aura surrounding him. The King and Queen were unable to move from their seats, and the others had fallen to the ground, just able to move their heads as they looked up.

"This... what is this power!" Stark said.

Continuing to walk, Quinn was suppressing his power a bit more as he approached the King and Queen who were covered in sweat. They didn't dare move in front of this figure. It was then, Quinn spun both of their chairs around so they could see outside.

Out of the window, there were thousands of blood swords in the air, pointing toward all of those in the arena, ready to descend on them at any point and time.

"This is only a part of my power." Quinn stated. "If you are unable to beat me, then you have no chance of beating them."

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.