Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Blades had been on the Amra planet for a while now. They had practically made it their second home and needed to learn a lot of things to make their life more comfortable there.

The first thing that they all had learned that had come as quite a shock to them all, was the fact that they knew the person named Quinn Talen. All of the Blades, due to how far away they were, weren't affected by the memory change.

So they all remembered everything he had done, and his face well. It was obvious upon seeing the giant statue that the Quinn Talen that the Amra knew and the Quinn Talen that they knew, was the same person.

The only thing was, they were struggling to know how that came to be. Luckily they had plenty of time to find out, and Geo was happy to tell them. They learned that Geo wasn't the only leader of the place.

There was a figure called Nock and Dober. These three were the three Amra who had helped Quinn defeat their old god. Although life wasn't bad for the Amra in the past, they did feel like it was an improvement, and the tale of what Quinn had done had been passed on.

Quite easily the race had accepted Quinn as their new god. It was crazy to hear the tale from all of them, until they realised who exactly it was that was behind the whole thing. This was a person that continued to do amazing things throughout.

Because of Quinn though, the Blades being humans were treated very nicely during their time there. They saw these beings as those that had the same figure as god and felt like they had to be special.

Even though Geo knew more of the truth, since Quinn had explained it to them, the faith was strong so the image of what the Amra believed in before was also kept up.

"You all really seem to be doing a good job now, and none of you look to be in pain." Geo said with a smile, as he looked at all of the Blades.

They were living in a separate area, quite close to where Geo and the other council people worked. As Geo wanted to keep an eye on them, and help them out as easily as possible.

Of course, the Amra with their strength and friendliness were happy to help them build their homes and had done so quickly, but there was a reason for Geo's comment.

"It took us a while but, we've managed to get used to the planet's gravity." Shiro claimed, as he looked back and could see some of the Blades were even training with weapons.

During their time here, Geo had also asked Dober along with the forgers to create the group some armour and weapons. They were extremely skilled and were able to create unique designs of armour and weapons that humans had not made before.

When testing them, Shiro was surprised, as the quality was beyond what they could create, the only problem was it was also slightly heavier, which was why the Blades were training and wearing them every day.

Shiro was clenching his fist as he thought of this, and he could feel the power of Qi, moving through his body and into his fist. When they first arrived the gravity change was tough on them.

They would tire out using their muscles for around an hour, but naturally finding a way to move easier made them use their Qi. Those that weren't good at using Qi, their bodies forced themselves to and they all grew in strength.

Now wearing the heavy beast armour, it was the same, they were growing the natural power of their body, all the Qi inside them to use it all to their full potential.

'All of this… it might be a blessing in disguise for us.' Shiro thought. 'We weren't strong enough to help Sil, and we aren't strong enough to try and help him now. If we went there, we would just get beat again… but maybe Sil sent us here for a reason.

'Maybe he didn't send us to a random planet.'

Shiro believed this more because in the tale that Geo had told them, there was also the mention of another human that was by Quinn's side that had helped him. Based on the description, Shiro could only assume it was Sil, and Vorden and Raten were adamant that it was him.

It made sense, if Sil wanted to send them somewhere safe, then he would have had to have sent them to a planet that he had been on before.

"How is the situation looking, that I asked you about before?" Shiro asked.

"Dober is looking into it, the Universe is grand, and I really don't have a clue how far we are away from your home. At the same time, we have to be cautious, not everyone is friendly the first time they see a race that they have never met before." Geo joked. "Still, we will try our best to continue looking.

"As I suggested you should stay here for the time being, until we find out where Earth exactly is. We can protect you from whatever will come your way."

Shiro smiled and nodded, he didn't want to say anything. During their time here they had seen the Amra's strength, they certainly were naturally on the same level as the Dalki, but Dalki with abilities would be tough for most of them to deal with.

On top of that, it didn't feel right to drag others into business of their own, so for now they would deal with this themselves, and Shiro knew a way to get even stronger.

Geo turned around as he looked like he was ready to head off, he did this by bending his knees getting ready to jump. It was a strange sight to see at first but when the Amra wanted to travel great distances in a short time, they tended to just jump there.

"About the tower… I have heard a lot of things about it, can we enter the tower?" Shiro asked.

Geo was quite surprised by the question, because he hadn't told the others anything about the tower. Originally, the tower that was left on the current planet was left still standing, even after the defeat of Athos.

However, with the Amra and the rest of the others' help they had relocated the tower to a different place. The tower was ingrained in a lot of the Amra's minds, but it had changed significantly.

Just like before, it was a way for one proving their strength, attempting to reach the higher floors, one would grow in terms of an Amra themselves, gaining a stronger layer of their body and reaching new heights, but there would be no difference in privileges gained just because one was stronger.

However, if they did join a fighting force as such it was noted what floor they had managed to achieve. Still, the Tower now had just become a way of people testing themselves rather than a place to move onto from the planet they were on.

"What is your reason for wanting to enter the tower?" Geo asked.

"All of us, we have to get stronger." Shiro answered. "I heard, after a certain amount of floors, the Amra come back completely different, I've seen them walking around and even you yourself, are completely different compared to the others.

"I know, just entering the tower might not make a huge difference to us because we are humans, but we have all already started to experience changes just being on this planet. If we enter the tower, I believe all of us can continue to evolve."Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Geo liked their spirit, and he knew they had a clear goal, and reason for it. The only thing that was holding him back, was if something happened to these people, because he felt like if he ever did meet with Quinn and they were hurt, he would be partly to blame.

"I guess I can't stop you, everyone is able to enter the tower as they wish, but I can help you. I can't wait to see how much you will have improved and how far you can go." Geo smiled. "I hope Quinn does see you someday, and when he does, that you will be unrecognisable to him."

*****

****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.