Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

If Quinn concentrated, through the loud sound of thunder, through the rain off in the distance, he could hear people talking and whispering. They were in parts of the rubble and the destroyed buildings, all taking a peak at the two invaders that had appeared.

'I wonder what went on here, why are the people in hiding, and why is everything destroyed?'

It almost looked like Quinn was on some type of street, as he was standing in a large open area, because in front of him there was nothing but dirt, and in front of him there was nothing but dirt.

However, to his left and right, and far off into the distance there were destroyed buildings.

​ 'I don't have time to worry about that, I don't have time to worry about who, or the race on this planet. One thing is clear is that they aren't human or vampires, and if I want this armour, then it's my job to take these god slayers out.'

After Quinn had reassured himself of the task at hand, he heard a small ding, coming from his system.

[A quest has been received from the Celestial 'Mundus']

[Mundus wishes for you to become an agent of the Celestials, a great being that is capable of completing tasks of great importance requiring great strength, but this task isn't just something that anyone can do!

[You have asked for a great armour, in order to create a great armour the strong crystals are needed. Impress Mundus, and defeat the five greatest god slayers.]

It was very rare that Quinn saw the quest screen pop up, still this did seem like something worthy of giving him a quest for, but he wasn't so sure about the added flavour this quest had provided him.

'The Strongest God Slayers? I knew that we were gathering god slayer crystals and high level ones, but what does this actually mean? Will I have to fight someone like Sil, or maybe even fight Sil?'

Quinn was confident in his strength, or perhaps it was more correct to say, he was confident until he had pretty much lost a match against Ray. Now he wasn't so sure what was out there. As Mundus kept telling him, the universe was vast.

Looking at the surroundings, Quinn was trying to guess what type of opponent it would be, by the landscape and the lifeforms, but the lifeforms were hiding their body shapes well. He didn't have to wait long though, as he could see a human figure around the same height walking toward him.

They were walking at a steady pace step by step, as they made their way forward.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

'I don't really want to attack someone I don't really know, but this at this point, is for the sake of not just human, and vampire lives, but of all those on the other planets as well.'

Raising his hand, Quinn covered his whole body in the shadow and his hands which quickly faded away. He was in his Red Fang set armour, but there was a slight problem. Quinn had already activated the active skill when meeting Mundus, just in case he needed it.

If he wanted to use it again, it would come at the cost of lowering his health. Either way, Quinn decided to act with the two weapons in his hands, the blood guns which could shoot out real bullets just as fast.

[Qi bullet]

[Blood bullet]

Two different bullets came out at the same time towards his opponent. Two different types of bullets were used to see which one would react better. Fighting against different races it was important to try different things.

The second the two bullets left the gun and a loud bang went off, his opponent the god slayer, leapt up in the air doing a somersault. It was a backflip and the two bullets completely missed.

When landing on its two feet, the god slayer continued to walk forward.

'With a bit of luck, I was hoping that with just those bullets I would be able to kill the god slayer, but I guess it's not my day.' Quinn thought.

"These aren't just regular god slayers." Mundus said, still standing by his side. "Think about it. You are a being that can kill multiple celestials without much work at all, and it would be true to say you could do the same to most god slayers.

"Yet, despite all of that, you asked me for help, you asked me to give you armour that would help you in battle. Do you know what that tells me? It means that for some reason, you believe that you might not be up for the task, that just maybe you will fail.

"So, we can't just use any crystals and have you go against any opponent."

Putting the quest information and what Mundus said, Quinn was starting to understand a bit more. This wasn't just a way for him to get strong armour, but was also somewhat of a test.

"Fine!" Quinn said, as he got himself ready and into a fighting stance. "Then I will prove to you just how strong I am."

"Great, but you should also know a bit about your opponent because he is no weakling." Mundus explained. "In fact, in some ways the two of you share similar traits. This is a god slayer that knows about the existence of us celestials.

"Which is not something that everyone knows about. In essence, this person could also be called a true god slayer, because they have made it their life purpose to get rid of all the celestials and all of the gods."

"Why does he hate you guys so much? I mean, I can understand why I hate you so much, but what about him?" Quinn asked.

"That is complicated. Originally his great power was used to help and aid us, but then he felt betrayed by us, so he set it out as his goal to destroy us all." Mundus stated.

Turning his head, Quinn looked at Mundus dead in the eye, because it was sounding a lot like him and he was starting to sympathise.

"Fear not, there is a big difference between the two of you, because in the end, he lost his way." Mundus explained. "He was once loved by the people he fought for, the people he tried to protect. If he continued on that path, then like you he might have become a celestial but he didn't.

"He let his obsession of fighting against the celestials get the better of him. The state of this planet, and not just this planet, but others as well is all because of him, because of his obsession with trying to get rid of the gods."

There was something strange that Quinn noticed as soon as the god slayer appeared. The heartbeat of the people watching, the worried whispers of someone to come and save them. What happened to this being in the end, did he lose his whole family, all of his friends, and have no one else around him.

Now, they only live for one purpose and one purpose only, forgetting that other people have their own lives.

'If I didn't have Layla, or my family, or Peter at that time, I could have very well ended up just like him.' Quinn thought.

He took a good look at his opponent up and down. He suddenly stopped around twenty metres away from Quinn and pulled something from his back. It looked like a large staff, but it wasn't one made of wood, instead it was white in colour, almost like a type of stone.

On his chest, there was bright golden chain mail, and he had boots that when touching the ground made no noise at all. Finally, Quinn could see two distinctive features, the first his curly tail that hovered, and his hair that was covering his hands and face.

This was Quinn's first opponent, one of the strongest in the universe to ever exist.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.