Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Holding onto the staff, Quinn thought the best thing to do was to take it out of the Monkey god slayer's hand. If he was to treat it like a weapon, it had an incredibly dangerous active ability, being able to change its size like so, yet also being able to keep the same amount of force.

In Quinn's mind, it made it quite clear that although the shape of the weapon would change, the weight of the weapon always stayed the same. It also explained the Monkey man's great strength as well. Because he was able to swing it around so effortlessly.

At first, grabbing onto the staff, Quinn was using his extreme strength with the 1st stage of Qi to power himself and pull the weapon out of his opponent's hand, but it didn't seem to be enough, as the other held onto it tight.

Knowing his strength wasn't enough, there was a way to increase his strength slightly, something he had learned as his shadow powers and skills had evolved. Blood aura could be used in a number of ways, hardening to create a defensive barrier, or sharpening into deadly claws that would cause a large amount of damage.

At the end of the day, the blood aura was mainly an enhancer. When Quinn delivered a punch releasing his blood aura and Qi, it allowed him to give out a devastating blow. Although it increased his damage it didn't necessarily increase his strength, the strength of the punch was still the same, just the damage was worse.

However, with the shadow he could use it in a different way, coating it around his gauntlet, and adding the second stage of Qi gave it a solid form, and now with a strong pull, it would now be using the enhanced shadow strength as well as his own.

"Let go of this staff!" Quinn shouted, as he yanked it as hard as he could. It jolted forward for a second, but the monkey man dug his foot into the ground and tried to pull it back, creating an equal force.

'This time... it looks like they sent quite a strong god to try and deal with me!' The monkey man thought. 'Can he really take the weight of this weapon so easily?'

There was a misunderstanding on Quinn's end, because the staff the monkey man used was indeed special. It had a large weight behind it, but in the monkey man's hands it felt like nothing. It was as light as a feather.

Still this didn't mean the monkey man wasn't strong, he was indeed strong, but he was using his great strength to pull a feather, while his opponent was using a great strength to pull a gigantic weight and yet they were both equal.

'Are there really others out there that are this strong?' Quinn started to think as he continued to pull. 'I wonder what this person went through to get this strong, the weight that they are carrying on their shoulders.

'And Mundus, is somewhere out there just watching this whole thing, while the two of us fight it out. Maybe if I wasn't in so much of a desperate situation, I would try to talk to you... find out what made you like this.'

In the middle of the fight Quinn could hear it, the people in the crumbled buildings that were watching everything... They were praying. They were praying for him, a stranger to them, to defeat the monkey man.

A deal with the celestials, would Quinn at some point be in the same situation as the one he was fighting now? He couldn't trust anyone but his family, and right now in the situation he was in. To keep them safe, it was the only thing.

"You might be someone who has lost everything... which is why you are like this, but the difference between me and you is that I still have things to lose, and that's why I fight!" Quinn shouted.

For a second he let go of the staff with one hand, and the gun appeared. From this close range Quinn started to fire the blood bullets continuously right towards the monkey's man chest.

The bullets hit him deep, and felt like he was getting a large blow each time the bullets hit him.

'My armour is suppressing most of the effects and powers of the bullets, but they still hurt this much! I have to do something!'

With each bullet Quinn could tell that his grip was weakening, and continued like so until a cloud of smoke puffed out from the monkey man, and two clones appeared at the side ready to swing their staffs right at him.

As they got close though, from Quinn's back the shadow expanded out and turned into two giant hands, grabbing them and holding them up in the air, at the same time, above their heads, there were two large blood swords that had been created, and the blood swords dropped down piercing through their heads and killing them in one go.

An opening was seen, and the monkey took this chance to deliver a powerful kick right into Quinn's stomach. His boot lit up gold and a large amount of golden aura filled up half of the sky.

[-33 HP]

'That kick went through my shadow body... it looks like he has more tricks up his sleeve!' Quinn thought.

Coming straight at him, the monkey was ready to swing his pole toward Quinn's head. Seeing this, Quinn started to form a small blood tornado in his hand, and threw it out as a vortex of blood hit the monkey, it turned into a cloud of smoke.

'That wasn't the real one!'

A strong kick from below threw Quinn right up into the air.

[-8 Hp]

Soon after, the staff was stuck into the ground, and immediately started to expand and grow in width and length. It hit Quinn in the back, and another clone of the monkey was made.

The boots the monkey was wearing lit up again, and he kicked the side of the air repeatedly, which allowed him to somewhat fly in the air. When above Quinn, the god slayer extended his staff again, growing it in size.

Now there was one from below, and one from above, and both of them hit him at the same time attempting to squash him, attempting to crush his body into nothing.

[-35 HP]

[Blood bank is being used to restore HP.]

'I have to get out of here... if I'm going to go through all these fights today, the blood bank needs to be kept safe, unless Mundus has some blood he can give me... either way my bones are going to be crushed!' Quinn thought, as he activated the shadow space, completely disappearing from the monkey man.

The two staffs hit each other, with one being stronger than the other and crushing it. The clone disappeared and now there was only the real Monkey man left.

'Is he dead?' The god slayer thought looking around. 'No, he can't have been defeated that easily. Not with that level of strength, it feels like he still has a lot more to go.'

Appearing out of his shadow space, Quinn fell to the ground returning to the battlefield.ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

"There you are!" the monkey lifted up his staff, and it grew incredibly large and wide. Without hesitation he swung it down on top to hit Quinn.

The giant staff hit the planet, crushing the ground, and the whole planet had somewhat moved in space due to the sheer amount of power, weight, and force that was used.

"Now, he should be dead." The monkey man said, as he landed on top of his own weapon, but could see someone else on the other end of it.

"Don't count me out yet, you're not the only one that can make clones." Quinn said, as part of the shadow was seen creeping out from the bottom of the giant staff and was coming towards him.

He had made a shadow clone of himself to take the hit, while he moved to safety.

"I didn't get to use this on Ray back then, but I guess I can try this on you."

[Soul weapon has been activated]

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.