Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Lifting his head up, Quinn looked at the body on the floor. The monkey man was certainly a tough opponent, and it still felt like if Quinn hadn't been quick to act in the fight, using his soul weapon, it was quite possible that he would have had a really difficult fight on his hands.

'I feel like he could get up at any moment.' Quinn was thinking back to the fight, he had used his red tiger claw pulse attack. A strong blow that combined all of his powers while making his blood aura concentrate on nothing but damaging the opponent.

It was an attack he had created when in his celestial form, but it was still deadly strong and had hit his opponent cleanly. Yet after the attack, in the monkey man's final moments, he had turned around, and reached out still trying to fight back.

Even now, there was a look on his face of pure anger, he had died clearly with a large regret on his face, but not because of the actions he had done, but because of what he was unable to complete.

'The look on his face makes it look like he's going to get up at any second. If it wasn't for the system confirming that he was out, I would try to hit him a few more times just to make sure.'

Looking at the system screen again, and since it had been a few seconds without the monkey man moving, Quinn could breathe a sigh of relief. He started to look at the area around him and it was worse than it was before.

During the fight, the large staff had been extended and expanded numerous times. A full forceful hit had been used without a second thought or hesitation, destroying more of the buildings around them.

They were already destroyed in the first place, but the rubble was ground up into dust that was just now blowing in the wind.

"I know I'm no saint either, because I took part in the fight." Quinn said. "But to attack like that, at his own people without a second thought, was he really that far gone?"

"These aren't his own people." Mundus said, practically appearing out of nowhere. "The planet we are on is not the original planet where the monkey man came from, he has been travelling to different planets for a while now.

"You remember what I told you before? He was obsessed with taking out the gods, so he needed to get our attention. This god slayer was one that knew of our existence and he knew about our conditions.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"So in order to make it harder for us to fulfil our conditions, he decided to take the lives that we needed, and in turn it would get the gods attention."

Mundus walked over to the monkey man's body which was starting to fade, it was turning into particles to become part of the world, and in turn there would be a crystal left behind.

While looking at this scene, Mundus was remembering the god slayer.

"Maybe, if we had allowed the real one to roam, it wouldn't have come to this."

Quinn had heard what Mundus said, but had no context of what he was talking about.

A long time ago, just like Quinn now, the monkey man was working as an agent for the gods. His great power was useful to them because he had even greater power than most of the gods themselves.

When on a mission, fighting against a powerful god slayer, one of the tasks had ended in a strange way. A clone of the monkey man was created, not like the clones the monkey could normally create, it was a real clone in every sense.

So much so, that it was impossible to tell the difference between the two. Even the friends and allies of the monkey man were unable to tell which was the real one. The problem was, the god slayer who had created the clone stated that he could create something that was the manifestation of evil itself.

In order to stop a future problem, they needed to find out which was the real one. To resolve the problem, both of them were taken to one of the Ancient Ones who were able to distinguish the difference between the real and fake, and the fake one in the end was taken away.

'Now that I think about it, was that really the case? At that time, was the fake one taken away or was it the real one?' Mundus thought. 'The actions of this monkey man, a person who was so righteous, turned out to be like this, I don't quite believe it. At the same time, the actions of the Ancient Ones have always been strange whenever there is a power that grows incredibly fast. If I'm right, that day, the real one was sealed away.'

In the monkey's place, a crystal was there on the ground, but there was also something else that had been left behind and it was the staff. Picking it up off the ground, Quinn thought that it would be a good weapon to have, since it was durable and the active skills it contained.

The second he did though, the muscles in his hand were already straining just holding onto the thing, and he decided to drop it on the floor. When it hit the floor the whole ground around them shook from the sheer weight of the weapon that had been dropped.

"That is a weapon that chooses its owner, it is pointless in your hands." Mundus explained. "You would be unable to use it to its full potential. It wouldn't expand or change size in your hands so it's practically useless, other than being used as a good weight. Just in case, I will take the weapon away."

Mundus placed his hand on the weapon and it lit up, soon disappearing seemingly from this world.

"You succeeded in taking out the first, and now it's time to take you to the next one since there are four more to go."

"WAIT!" Quinn called out with his hand stretched. "Can't you let me rest just for a little bit. That was a hard fight, and I can't imagine what the next one will be like. Just give me some time."

Mundus looked at Quinn who didn't seem to be too badly hurt in all of this, he had taken a few large hits but his body had already healed from that, but since Mundus wanted him to do well he had no choice.

"Stay where you are, we will rest for one hour, but I will use my powers to make it feel like you have rested for an entire week. That will be enough time for you to rest, correct?"

Quinn nodded, the truth was, using his soul weapon, there was a drawback that would occur after, but he wasn't going to tell Mundus that. So he wanted just enough time to pass so he could use everything in his arsenal again, and it would be handy to have the active skill of his Fang armour set as well.

The people, although they had seen the evil monkey man having been defeated, were still frightened to come out from their hiding spots. After all, they were unsure whether or not the one who had defeated him was a good person or not.

They were scared from the experience they had so far. Quinn didn't mind, he didn't need praise for what he had done, because he hadn't intended to save these people or their planet, it was a by-product of his goal.

"I have to ask, if we are going up against god slayers, does that mean you will take me to my enemies or those on Earth?" Quinn asked.

"Now that would be a foolish thing to do, don't you think?" Mundus explained. "Besides, there are many god slayers that are strong just because of their abilities. Powers that can do crazy things but would be useless in a battle.

"The ones I have selected are the strongest based on a certain criteria, and are the ones that I know the most information about. It is possible that if someone else were to make a list it would be different from mine, and it is possible that there are those that are strong out there that I do not know about."

The rest of the time was pretty much sat in silence and amazingly Quinn really did feel like he had rested for a week, even the cool down on his armour had reset as well.

'If Mundus was fighting by my side… the task would be a lot easier.' Quinn thought.

"Okay, time to head to your next opponent." Mundus stated.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.