Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Looking to his left, Quinn had to blink a few times to make sure what he was seeing was right. The Messenger of the Celestials, the gods that practically were in charge and controlling what happened in the entire universe, had been trapped.

He was floating inside a strange ball of purple energy, and it was something Quinn had never seen before.

'What is that ball made out of, is it an ability of some sort, or his god slayer power. I have no idea, it feels like nothing I have ever felt before.' Quinn thought, he didn't want to quite touch whatever it was.

At the same time, the god slayer in question stood back, away from them. It was clear he could use his powers from far away, and in Quinn's head he was taking note.

'He's most likely a ranged power user, which is why he's staying back there… but I need to make sure and see what he can do.'

At first, Quinn actually thought that Mundus might be joking, but there was something that he could hear that was different about Mundus that he had never heard before. His voice, it had changed slightly in pitch, and his heart was beating just a fraction faster.

It wasn't a state of panic, but these two things often meant that he was worried about something.

"Don't you think you should be trying to break me out of this thing?" Mundus asked.

"Your strong right, do you really need my help to break you out of that?" Quinn replied, trying to make sure he really wasn't joking. "And besides, didn't you already make it clear that no matter how much trouble I was in, that you wouldn't help me?

"And now look at this, you're asking for my help." Quinn taunted.

Truth was, he didn't want to get trapped in whatever it was that Mundus was trapped in, so instead he wanted to talk it out with the god slayer, who had chosen to not trap Quinn.

'Maybe it's a power he can only use on one of us at a time.' Quinn thought. 'He figured out that the time stop was due to him, so he might think that I'm weak and I can take advantage of that.'

"Why… are you doing this to us?" Quinn asked.

The man lifted his head, and under his dark hood a smile could be seen.

"Why? Why are you people who are not from around here on this planet? Not only that, but you decided to come here and use your powers to freeze the time around here, that would suggest that you are up to something."

There was something about this person that was truly terrifying and it was the fact that somehow, he was still able to move through the powers of Mundus. Even now in the ball, his powers were working as time was stopped, but if Mundus had decided to use his powers on Quinn, then even for him without his shadow it would take effect.

"We came to this planet by accident." Quinn answered. "We needed something, and because we didn't want to alarm anyone we decided to make sure no one would see us."

Quinn was pretty impressed with himself, in the past he had been quite the bad liar, but with all the situations he had been in and put through, he felt like he was getting a little better at it.

"Hahah, you are an incredibly bad liar." The man said. "It seems you have no clue what I have been through. Do you know how many people have tried to kill me, Raze the Dark Supreme Magus?

"I have come across one like your friend before, and it was more than once. The last time I had managed to injure him quite badly. However, he had managed to escape using a strange power that I hadn't come across before.

"I don't have many rules I live by, but one of them is to take the life of those that try to kill me, and that person had made it so one of my few rules was broken. In turn I decided to study the particles of energy that was left behind and created a magic that would stop that from happening again."

Now Quinn at least had an idea of what type of power he was up against, Magic. The problem was it didn't help him much because he didn't really know what magic was. There weren't many people on Earth, if any at all, that used the power of Magic.

According to Ray it was a lost art among humans over the years. The only time Quinn had experienced magic was through Bliss, and the amount of things it could do were very hard to comprehend, and this individual called Raze seemed a lot stronger than Bliss.

The information of him beating other celestials seemed to ring true from what Mundus said as well, just he never expected this to work so against them like this.

'If he's a magic user, then it makes sense why he is keeping his distance, but if I heard him right, then that orb that is surrounding Mundus is only blocking the celestial energy, and not his ability.

'It must be why Mundus' ability is still working but why he can't just teleport to the celestial space, or out of the strange orb. So that means it shouldn't have an effect on me.'

Quinn was shifting his feet slightly, he was ready to use the Nitro Accelerate ability to run over and give the Magus a single blow to finish him off. The element of surprise was still on his side, just as he was about to move though, Raze spoke again.

"Aren't you wondering why I haven't attacked you?" Raze asked. "Let me ask you a question, based on what I have seen, the relationship between the two of you, it doesn't seem to be too friendly."Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

For a second, Quinn looked at Mundus, because he had been by his side, in some ways he had slightly forgotten. In a lot of ways this situation was being forced on him.

"Well, I wouldn't say the two of us are exactly friends." Quinn replied.

"I thought as much." Raze replied. "I am a reasonable person, you see . I can tell that the energy that is coming off from you, is vastly different from the energy that is coming off from him.

"If my guess is correct, these beings have put a type of bounty on my head, but since they have failed a few times, they have asked for outside help and you are that outside help. Then you should think with your head a bit more.

"You are being forced to do this, why? Is it because this being is all powerful, because they can harm your friends and family? Well if that is the case, then doesn't this mean this is the perfect opportunity.

"This is your chance to kill that being and be free, it's your choice."

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.