Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Telepathy was something that was an ability on Earth. It was a power that belonged to one of the vampire families and here it was being used by Raze. It was clear that he was extremely powerful but Quinn did wonder, what did he want to say to him, that he didn't wish for Mundus to hear?

'I know you are a good person.' Raze started the conversation still talking in Quinn's mind. 'You care about the people here, even though you have no relation to them whatsoever. Before the fight was about to start, you asked the being next to you to transport us to a place where a battle wouldn't harm others.

'I have to admit to you, I am by no means a good person, and I am one that believes that one must be evil to vanquish evil. I even thought you might be like me, but I was wrong after reading your thoughts.

'You seem like a strong person who has been through a lot, and I don't think it's best that the two of us fight each other.'

What was Raze trying to say, Quinn didn't quite understand. Because surely from reading his thoughts, he would have known they didn't have a choice, and didn't he wish not to let Mundus go?

'I won't harm the person who is next to you. I can tell that getting rid of him is most likely to cause serious problems for you. So in return I ask you to just leave this place.

'This place, as much as I hate it, I do not wish for it to be destroyed and if the two of us were to fight I think that might be the outcome of this planet. This is where I belong and you have a place where you belong, you should go back to it.'

Hearing these words all of a sudden had made Quinn lose the will to fight against him. He and Mundus would be able to leave, and in doing so they would do no harm to the people on the planet.

The only downside was that they would lose a crystal, but Mundus knew plenty of places with other god slayers, so that wouldn't be too hard, how could he not accept this offer.

'I… accept… and I'm sorry for coming to your planet. It was never my intention to destroy another planet, just to save my own.' Quinn said.

Quinn did truly mean that. There were times when he fought against others because it was the best option, and he thought it was the same now, with him fighting against the god slayers, but he could always convince himself there was a reason for fighting, that the outcome would be better this way.

If there was a better option that would present itself, then he would take it, even if it would make his own life a little harder, that was just who Quinn was.

'It's a shame.' Raze said. 'Someone who is as strong as you, is obeying these beings that wish to meddle in our lives. I could never do something like that. Our destiny is not set, this is our destiny. Let me tell you, nothing is set in stone, every person has the power to make change.'

It was strange words of advice, but one that he would take with him. He never believed in things like destiny, it was why he chose to fight so hard in the first place.

"Oh, before I go." Raze said. "I will disappear from this place and release your friend. I want the two of you to be gone, to not interfere with a single person here. These are my people to mess around with.T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

"I don't care if you are gods, demons, or devils. If you don't listen to what I say, I will hunt every single person who is related to you down and kill them right in front of your eyes."

Looking deep into Raze's eyes, and sensing that there was no quiver in his voice, Quinn knew he meant those words.

Raze started to put his hands together, and yellow energy sparked between them. An item could then be seen in his hands, it was a crystal and inside the crystal there was sparking energy as if a lighting bolt had been captured in it.

"I have no use for this." Raze said as he threw it up in the air and Quinn managed to catch it.

When holding onto the item, Quinn knew exactly what it was, it was a god slayer crystal.

"It will have a better use for you, than it will for me. I have a few of those, they are like trophies to me, so don't feel like you are indebted to me and remember what I said." Raze started to disappear.

His body moved like mist and completely vanished. There was no trace of his power, just like he was never there, and Mundus fell to the ground as the orb disappeared as well.

"Did that man just give you a god slayer crystal?" Mundus asked.

"Yeah, it's definitely a god slayer crystal." Quinn answered.

The system had updated even though Quinn hadn't defeated the god slayer, which was why he was sure of it.

[3/5 God Slayers have been defeated]

'I don't really know what happened there, but there are only two more to go. I need to focus on the task.' Quinn thought.

"Alright, let's get out of here, and why don't we talk about why it took you so long to make a decision." Mundus said, as the two of them were covered in a white light and disappeared from the planet.

*****

Raze Cromwell is a Dark Magus from another book I have planned, which will start when one of my current books end.

Raze Cromwell was one who had suffered his entire life. A cruel upbringing that had forced his nature to turn sour. In order to survive, he did everything and anything he could, eventually giving him the name Dark Magus. A title that was only given to the very best of mages.

"Everything in this world was taken from me, So I shall take everything from the world."

The five Supreme Magus had gathered to eliminate the great Raze, on his last legs, the Dark Magus had one more trick up his sleeve. Activating a forbidden spell, he finds himself living in another world, a world full of martial artists. A world where one could destroy mountain tops with their fist, but Magic still exists in the new world, and he's the only one that knows about it.

The book will not be part of the System/Talen Series. My Dragon System, My Werewolf System, My Vampire System. (There are two more books planned for this series but much shorter, more like Movie books)