Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The sense of time had always been strange for Quinn. He had lived most of his young life as a human, but after that he had experienced many things that changed everything. Perhaps it first started when he lived through Vincent's life.

During that time, he wasn't just shown memories of his ancestor Vincent, but went through it as if he was actually there himself. Still, since he wasn't in control of what was happening, it never felt like he was the one making decisions.

After that, Quinn needed to grow up quickly, as he was put through test after test, war after war, and enemy after enemy, all for it to fall on him as he went into a deep slumber, one that managed to last a 1000 years.

Even after waking up, Quinn had gone into the celestial space, a space where time moved far slower, to the point where it was almost non-existent on earth for a while, and also had created his own space where time slowed down so he could train on his multiple powers.

Usually for humans, time was in perspective. A five year old felt like a month of his life was a long time, and this was because that human had only lived for five years, so a one month chunk was a large portion of the five years he had lived.

Whereas, for a vampire who would live close to a 1000 years, a month wasn't a long time at all.

Right now Quinn himself was going through a strange situation, his mind felt as if it was conscious and he could speak, but he had no clue how much time was passing. It wasn't making any sense in his head, his thoughts were unclear, until he finally was able to see a light up ahead.

Slowly, Quinn was being put back into the normal world, where time felt like it was moving again, and slowly he was starting to open his eyes.

'What was that, it felt like I was trapped in some kind of spell?' Quinn thought, blinking a few times. 'Wait, what was I doing before, what happened to me, why am I looking at space.'

Right in front of him, he could see black, the stars flowing around, and a moon off in the distance looking partially destroyed with rocks floating next to it.

Now it was becoming clear, once again Quinn was lying down on his back. He was on a hard surface but he was unable to move his body, he attempted to move his fingers, to even tilt his head to the side, but the only thing that was responding were his eyelids and even they felt quite heavy.

"Don't bother trying to move." A voice said to his left, since Quinn was unable to tilt his head, he couldn't see who it was but he recognized the voice as Mundus'.

"I have been healing your body for a while now, sorry, I should say I have been speeding up the natural healing process of your body." Mundus corrected himself. "And so far we are at three months worth of time and the only thing you can do is open your eyelids."

Three months hadn't actually passed, Mundus had just sped up Quinn's body to be where it would be three months in the future. It was what he did just before, following every fight, but before he would only speed it up by a week so Quinn was refreshed.

'Is that why I was having those strange thoughts, because of Mundus' power?' He thought. 'Is this the side effect of the demon form? But why? The last time I used it, I wasn't affected this badly. I don't even feel any pain around my body, but then again, I'm not sure I can feel my body at all at the moment.'

Finally, after some time had passed, Quinn could feel his body again, he could use it like normal and was starting to move. There was a point where his recovery went from close to 0 to hundred percent fairly quickly.

Getting up off the ground, Quinn could finally see the scene around him and it was nothing like he had expected. Large craters were all over the planet, on one part of it a large foot, of what could have only been part of the Behemoth, could be seen.

Searching for the Behemoth, it seemed that parts of its body were spread about all over the place. The strangest thing was that not only was it the Behemoth's body, but there were also other dead demon tier beasts everywhere.

Half of their bodies were missing, their heads crushed and more. Then one of the most shocking things was the planet itself, a large chunk of it, perhaps one tenth of the planet that was far bigger than Earth, had been destroyed. Small rocks were floating around the planet, orbiting it like a moon now.

"All of this…. was it me, was I the one that did all of this?" Quinn said to himself in disbelief. It didn't feel real because there was no recollection in his mind at all of what had happened.

[4/5 God Slayers have been defeated]please visit

'The quest has been completed, that means that the Behemoth was definitely defeated, it had to be the demon form, it couldn't have been anything else, but wait if the beast was defeated where's its crystal?'

"Are you looking for this?" Mundus said, as he held the crystal in his hand. It looked slightly different to the ones before it. This was a solid colour, there was nothing inside the crystal itself and it was around two times bigger than the others as well.

No doubt it was a god slayer crystal though. Mundus threw it over for Quinn to catch who quickly put it away in his shadow space. For a while he was unable to use his body, he couldn't use his blood powers, nor his shadow powers either, but now, just like with his body, everything was working fine which was a big relief.

"What happened here, how did it get like this?" Quinn asked.

That question had confirmed for Mundus that Quinn had no control over what happened, but based on what he had seen, he already knew that himself.

"Don't you have an idea, it's simple, with that form, you went on a rampage. I took the crystal because you would have destroyed that as well, so really you should be thanking me." Mundus explained.

There was no reason for Mundus to lie, he could have kept the crystal but still gave it to Quinn, but now there were a lot of questions he wanted to ask, what was his power, what was he able to do, just how strong was his from to be able to beat a beast that he was unable to harm.

"I can tell what your thinking, it seems this was some sort of trump card you had." Mundus stated. "Either way, I think it's best if you don't use this power, at least not without me around. It took six months worth of healing to get your body back to the way it is.

"If there was another beast left on this planet, and I wasn't here, then you would have been killed unless you had someone that could protect you for 6 months."

In Quinn's head he was thinking 6 months was better than a 1000 years when he went into slumber last time, but Mundus was right, it did mean it needed to be something he could only use as a last resort… as a true last resort.

'The reason for my recovery time has to be due to how long I was in the demon form for. The reason why I recovered quicker last time was due to it just being a little burst. The problem is, if I'm not conscious of my actions, it's not something I can turn on or off either way. How will I even learn to control this.

"This power, if you are planning to use it, to save your friends and family, it's best you don't. From what I saw, you should never use that from around anyone, unless you're sure you want to kill everyone on that planet." Mundus said.

As he got ready to decide where to go for the final god slayer.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmangaExpplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.