Quinn continued to look at his final opponent, they weren't on the same piece of land mass. It was only because one piece of landmass had moved away that Quinn was able to even spot him in the first place.

The two of them were quite a distance away, but with his eyesight he could see him quite clearly, just sitting there not moving an inch.

'Is he meditating or something?' Quinn thought. 'It seems a bit wrong, to just go out there, and try to fight against him. Mundus told me a little about Asura's past, but didn't talk about this individual.

'Why was he the only one that had survived, was it due to his strength, his beliefs or something else, and what could he be thinking right now.'

Based on what he had learned, Quinn jumped through the strange space and off one piece of land, landing on another which was a little closer, but still quite far away. If things went well, then maybe there could be another situation like Raze, where he had received a god crystal without having to fight.

"Why are you here." The god slayer's voice spoke, it was a low deep voice that vibrated through the air. It allowed for it to travel with ease and although the god slayer, or Asura as Mundus had called him, wasn't shouting, Quinn could hear everything clearly as if he was next to him.

"After all this time, no one has come out to attempt to meet me. So I will ask again why are you here?" Asura asked.

'Not going straight into fighting worked out last time, so maybe it will work this time as well.' Quinn thought, but how would he approach it?

The only reason why talking had worked the last time was because the Magus had an unexpected god slayer crystal already with him. It was unlikely it would be the case this time, but maybe, based on the story, Quinn could convince the Asura to do something else, and felt it was best to state the truth.

"My people, my friends and family are in danger, and I fear that I am the only one that is able to do something about it." Quinn stated. "However, in order for me to face my enemy, I need to gather certain crystals. It is unfortunate but there is a crystal inside your body that I need."

There was silence for a moment or so, and the Asura finally stood up from his meditation. He was around the same size of Quinn but was particularly muscular as he had a wide back. What he also noticed was what was covering both of his hands, two large golden gauntlets that almost doubled the size of his arms. If Quinn was to guess, this person used their fists to fight, and just like Quinn, their main weapon of choice was gauntlets.

"HAHAHA!" Asura laughed. "I feel like I had once had the same thoughts, yet look at what has happened. Everything is gone, there is not even a building left standing showing what was here before, not even a single memory that is proof that we exist, that my family existed apart from what is stored in my head.

"I tried… I really did try, to meditate to calm myself, to forget everything that happened. After all, there is no longer a reason for me to fight, and when I chose to fight things just ended up getting worse."

Quinn did feel bad for the god slayer, but the conversation was being stirred into a direction he wanted.

"You have been through this before, so you must understand what I am going through now as well. Although you failed before, you have the chance to allow me to succeed, for not the same thing to happen again!" Quinn said.

Asura started to laugh deeply again.

"Your intention is a bit too obvious, you seem a bit young."  Asura said. "So you wish me to take my own life, or to allow you to take mine so you can use part of my power, and who is the one that told you even with my power that you would succeed?

"Is it the gods? The others had believed in the god's words, and look at where that got them. We didn't believe in the god's words and look at where that got us." Asura said.

"Then what do you plan on doing?" Quinn asked. "To stay here for another 1000 years, moping around, and not acting on anything at all. Just because everything has been lost for you, doesn't mean it has been for everyone else. Time continues to pass even now."please visit

For the first time since their conversation started, Asura turned around, and Quinn was able to see the person's face for the first time.

The face was scrunched up, filled with anger, even now just standing their full set of teeth were on display baring towards Quinn like a vicious dog. On Asura's face itself, under his eyes, it looked like blood had dripped down running down his cheek to his chin, but it was permanent.

The blood looked to have been ingrained with his skin. His eyes were glowing white, nothing else could be seen but the glow. Yet one could still sense an extreme amount of anger coming out from them.

Finally to match the glowing eyes, the man's hair was completely white with a faint white glow on the outside, standing up and flowing with power.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

'From one look anyone could tell that this person is filled with anger, yet they were somehow able to talk to me just fine.' Quinn thought.

"The reason I stayed in the same spot this whole time was because I was attempting to quell my anger. I have felt nothing but this one emotion for the longest of times, that I can't even remember the past.

"I can't remember a time of happiness when I had with my family, with my friends. All I feel is anger. I sat and waited for it to go away but it has never gone away, and as you just said, what do I do, do I continue to wait.

"No, with you coming here, that means that I can't even wait, then it means I can do only one thing. I have to accept this anger as part of me, and give into my bodily desires, give in to what it wants to do."

The pieces of land mass that were next to asura started to move. It didn't look like energy was emitting from his body, and yet somehow the large pieces of land that could be compared to islands had moved out of the way.

"What have you decided?" Quinn asked getting ready for battle but he was sure he already knew the answer.

"I have decided that if I have to feel this way, if the Universe has done these things in order to make me feel this way, then I will make everyone feel this way."

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.