Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

The delayed effect of the blood dragon palm strike had caused Asura to be hit deeper into the ground. It was one of Quinn's strongest attacks, the perfect use of Qi, blood control and his physical abilities.

The only problem was it would take him a moment or two to store the energy that was needed to produce the attack. With his normal attacks creating an opening he was able to do this, and now with Asura suspected to be hurt rather badly, Quinn was able to also prepare for another strong attack.

Using his blood aura once more, he had created the giant greatsword out of blood. One of the moves the previous king had perfected. When gaining the absolute blood control from the book, he had learned all of the previous kings' uses of the power as well.

Although this didn't matter as Quinn was good at imitating anyway which was why he was also able to create the blood whips and the 1000 blood sword attack and the blood drill. Regardless, in terms of sheer blood power this was one of the strongest attacks, and it was aimed to slice its enemy in half.

Swinging his arms down, Quinn was attempting to finish this fight off, and like a guillotine it moved swiftly down toward Asura. Before it reached him, Asura was seen jumping out from the hole he was in.

"If the gods themselves were unable to bring me down, do you think hits like that would work against me!" Asura screamed.

The point was ready to touch him, but in turn Asura threw out all of his fists as fast as he could. It hit the tip of the giant blood blade and stopped it in its place. The fists didn't stop hitting the blood sword and it was beginning to crack until it eventually broke and fell into multiple small particles.

'This is the only problem with the blood shadow. The effect only works for physical attacks, otherwise it doesn't have the delayed second attack, but Asura is strong and getting close to him could be the end of me.'

Quinn was keeping an eye on his health, he was still using the Nitro Accelerate, but he also had another blood bank left to heal him.

Mundus continued to watch the fight, as it looked like whoever was up in the fight was switching from one side to the other.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

'This fight... is quite similar to the first. One is fighting for revenge while the other is fighting to protect. Quinn, you have always stated your feeling for protecting is strong... so you will have to prove it in this fight.' Mundus thought.

Quinn was ready to charge in again, but before he could, Asura punched the air and in doing so several energy blasts came right towards Quinn. The energy blasts were nothing to laugh at, as he needed to block them with his hands moving them in place.

The energy blasts didn't stop as Asura was able to move his fists in fast succession while also running forward. It was as if bullets of energy were coming towards Quinn. Usually Quinn could use his power to match up to this, but Asura's energy was stronger than his and the only thing that could block the attack was his shadow.

'The shadow is condensed on my hands at the moment. It's the only thing fast enough to move and stop the attacks.' Quinn thought, but out of desperation he had raised a shadow wall in front of him, trying to block the shots.

Before he knew it though, Asura was already behind him.

"Got you!" Asura said as he punched Quinn right in the back toward the air with three of his arms.

Right after, he followed Quinn, jumping up himself, his powerful legs allowed him to move faster, and now he was right above him with all six of his hands raised.

'This is going to hurt, I won't be able to use the Shadow space quick enough!' Quinn thought, as he braced himself, getting his hands in an X position and trying to move his shadow to cushion the attack beneath him.

[Blood bank used]

[Health restoring]

All six of the hands went crashing down onto Quinn's body. He was flying right into the ground just like Asura was, but this strike was far more powerful than that of the Blood dragon palm strike.

Quinn continued to be pushed through the land, until he had broken out of the other side of it, a large crack could be seen from above him and the island was splitting apart. Quinn's body continued to be hurled downward, and he felt his back slam into another piece of land, breaking it on impact.

He was a meteorite, crashing into pieces of land, breaking them into little pieces, until eventually he had hit the fourth piece of land, now laying on the surface.

As soon as Quinn took a breath, blood spilled from his mouth and he had to move his head to stop himself from choking.

'I managed to get my normal shadow, in front of the armour in time... but his power was enough to break through it.' Quinn was thankful. 'The fang set didn't take damage because of it, but I was still hurt by the sheer force of the attack, as it sent me crashing into these pieces of land.'

[24/100 HP]

Quinn was seriously hurt, down to less than a quarter of his life. Using the Nitro accelerate at this point would be incredibly dangerous, but then how would he keep up with Asura's speed? It wasn't just his fists that were fast, it was everything about him.

'Can I do this... can I really do this... I shouldn't be risking my life right now. It's more important that I win this fight.' Quinn thought.

The images of his family were starting to appear in his head, images of the new allies he had made, and the scene of the beasts along with the Behemoth. Suddenly, the images of the dead beast had turned into his family members, and his allies he had made along the way.

'No... I can't use the Demon form... I have to figure out a way to win this. Even if I get the armour, who knows if that will be enough to defeat Ray. He even has his own armour he uses as well. There has to be a way, a way I can use the blood shadow, better to help win this!!!'

Quinn reassured himself as he stood up, and when he did, he could see Asura pushed off from another piece of land, his legs were so powerful that the piece of land was sent flying back through space, and he was heading right toward Quinn.

'Can't you give me a break, and let me have some time to think!' Quinn thought.

But there was a place where he could be and give himself time to think. Opening up the shadow, Quinn's body disappeared once more, and Asura crashed onto the piece of land, with his opponent gone once again.

"ARGHHHH!" Asura shouted, as he banged on his chest with all six of his fists.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.