Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

The turning point in the battle had come with Quinn's use of the blood shadow, creating minuscule shields that could be moved at a great speed. It was enough for him to turn the tide.

Mundus knew it was the end, Asura knew it was the end, and so did Quinn. Yet even then, Asura didn't stop trying. He continued to throw out his fists, each one of them deadly, with the way Quinn's health was now, a single hit meant it was the end of the fight.

Maybe Asura was unaware of this, if he had known, perhaps it would have made a difference, but either way Quinn wasn't letting up. He continued to block all of Asura's hits, now having more of the floating circles, and his own two arms compared to Asura and had done the same again.

Holding out Asura's arm, Quinn then slashed it down transforming one of his fists into a blade. At the same time, Quinn also used the spare blood circle as a form of attack as well. Spinning it on its side, it was like a saw, and going in from below it was cutting another one Asura's arms as well.

An attack from below and from above, the second arm of Asura's had fallen a lot easier compared to the first. For Quinn now, it was a rinse and repeat act. He was doing the same motions again and again cutting off one arm at a time, until eventually there were only two left.

"This is how your going to beat me!" Asura shouted. "By tearing me limb from limb! I would have given you a far better death!"

Quinn felt that maybe Asura was taunting him in a way, and although he wouldn't allow that to happen, he did feel quite bad. The way Quinn was winning, it felt a little cheap to him.

At the end of the day, Quinn just needed to win no matter what happneed. Who cared about honour or doing the right thing when they were dead? Would those things bring back one's family and friends, no.

But winning, and not losing them in the first place, would stop them from dying. Despite knowing all of this, Quinn did feel like it was only right for him to give him a farewell.

Jumping back, Quinn gathered all of the floating blood shadow disks. They continued to stop and block Asura. Some were stopping his punches while others, were attempting to attack him.

The blood shadow disks were unable to do serious damage but that didn't matter, all Quinn wanted to do was keep him in one place.

At that moment, Quinn was gathering his red aura, the dark red shadow was starting to glow brighter. Around Quinn's arms, the red glow, the lingering aura was swirling and moving up his arm.

"I'll give you what you want!" Quinn ran forward, and his Nitro Accelerate was still active. As he ran the after image left by his shadow and blood aura looked like a Blood Dragon pulse.

The move was similar to the tiger pulse, only it used far more energy to build up, which was why he had to get Asura to stay absolutely still.

However, as Quinn got closer the blood aura started to spin and the after image of the dragons started to swirl around as well. Throwing both of his fists forward, right toward Asura's chest at the last moment, Quinn twisted both of his hands giving it a little bit of extra power.

[Spiralling Blood Dragon Pulse attack]

After the connection was made, a large pulse of red aura went out, moving all of the ground around them. It looked like a ring of power and when it hit the nearby islands and rocks, it pushed them away, even damaging some of them.

The attack had gone right through Asura, as the two dragons made of blood aura could be seen for a few seconds before disappearing completely.

Asura had stopped moving, blood was dripping from his mouth. He tilted his head down to look at Quinn and there was an unexpected expression on his face.

"Thank you." Asura smiled. "Now… I no longer have to live with this anger… whatever you do, don't trust the gods."

A large wave of energy returned as the effect of the blood shadow took place, a large hit right in the centre of Asura and just like the last time it had happened again, and this time he fell to his feet, his whole body disappearing on the spot, leaving behind nothing but a crystal.

The crystal was filled with red energy inside it. It didn't look like flames, nor did it flow like vampire aura that glowed and was wind-like. Instead, the energy inside the crystal was a much darker red that was unable to stop shaking. It looked almost as if the crystal itself was shaking because of it.

'Has your anger even transferred to the crystal?' Quinn couldn't help but smile.

Even though the two hadn't spoken, they had only said a few words while fighting. Quinn didn't know why, but he felt through that fight he knew him quite well, knew his emotions and especially with those last words.

Asura was a being that just wanted his anger to go away. He had stayed in the same spot waiting for it to disappear, but it never did. In the end the answer he had come up with, was to release his anger on the whole universe, destroying everything.

Would that have worked? Would he still have been just as angry as he was, after accomplishing what he wanted. Regardless there was one fact, and that was that his anger was now gone, which Asura realised himself in his final moments. Quinn was happy he could at least give him that.

Picking up the crystal off the ground Quinn looked at it in his hand.

"It looked like you wanted to say more at the end." Quinn spoke. He thought that maybe if he hadn't used the blood shadow at the end, he could have heard what he had to say. What he wanted to fully tell Quinn in his last moments.

Asura was already on his last breath, but the second attack of the Blood Shadow had taken him out. Still, Quinn felt like he knew what Asura wanted to say, based on the story he had heard from Mundus.

In fact, it wasn't just Asura, all of the Humanoid God Slayers that Quinn had managed to meet, all of them wanted to tell him the same thing.

"Don't worry, I got your message loud and clear." Quinn said to himself as he wrapped the crystal in shadow. "I never trusted the gods to begin with.

[5/5 God Slayers have been defeated]

[You have successfully completed the quest awarded to you by 'Mundus the Messenger']

[Please meet Mundus to claim your reward.]

*****

****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmangaFôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.