Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The fight had come to an end with Asura, and yet, even with him gone, the area they were in, this part of the universe, was still the same. Quinn could imagine that this place used to be filled with planets, different moons, and perhaps looked similar to the solar system around earth.

Now though, it was nothing, he could see no sun, the dark space had turned into a mystic shapeshifting rainbow-like colour that produced just enough heat for one to live and there were the countless number of large pieces of land that were just floating about in the space.

It was just left here, now with no one here, to stay the same way as it was. In a way it was sad to see that when someone left the world and left the universe, it still carried on the same. Maybe one being's journey had ended but it hadn't reset everything back to the way it should be.

Seeing all of this just gave Quinn even more determination to carry on forward, to stop what Jim and Jack were doing before this result would occur.

Looking around, Quinn was searching for Mundus. He needed him to take him away from here, wherever here was.

"Mundus!" Quinn shouted, not worried if anyone else heard him. "I have completed the task you gave me, where are you."

For a quick second Quinn looked at his health.

[8/100 HP]

'A lot of these fights I had were extremely dangerous and close to the wire. If Mundus decides to betray me, I won't have much fight left in me… but there is one thing I can still do.' Quinn thought.

The crystals were in his possession so he could shadow travel to where Minny was, but he didn't want to do that without talking to Mundus first, because things needed to be made clear.

"I can hear a sense of fear in your voice." Mundus said, appearing from behind. "For someone who had just defeated 5 of the greatest beings in the Universe I wouldn't expect it to come from you. Ah, sorry, it was 4 beings. How could I forget about him?"

Quinn was quite obviously keeping the distance between the two of them, and the regular shadow powers were lingering over his back. The words that were said by Asura in his last moments had stuck in his head more so than he thought.

"What do we do now,l with the Crystals?" Quinn asked. "And is the deal the same as before, including the fact that I get to keep the armour?"

"Ah, now I see why you are worried." Mundus said. "But believe me, if I wanted to kill you I would have had plenty of chances. At any point and time I could have swooped in at the end, and finished your life.

"I even allowed you to keep hold of the crystals, so there is no need for you to worry about that. A promise is a promise. Due to you achieving the mission that was set out to you, you will now become an Agent of the Celestials.

"We will not get involved with business to do with those from Earth and from time to time you will need to complete tasks for us. That is of course, providing you complete the first task that you will be given which is to stop the humans from spreading outside their current reach. Whether that's by eliminating them all, or having them work tightly under your thumb, either is fine, just stop them."

Mundus gestured for Quinn to come over, they needed to be relatively close for the transport to work, and Quinn did take a few steps until he stopped.

"Mundus, even though I trust you, you even said it yourself, a promise with you is not a promise with all the gods." Quinn said. "So what will happen if they choose to break this deal and go after me. I already have enough on my plate to deal with. What will you do?"

For Mundus, he could understand why Quinn was acting this way. The god slayers that he had made Quinn go up against, with the exception of Raze Cromwell, he knew about them all because he was somewhat involved with them all.

"The gods are not one to say they have never made a mistake. When you live as long as us we are bound to make mistakes as well. There are, at times, where we think we have seen it all, and yet, new things surprise us all the time.

"It's what makes living in this world still interesting in a way, but fear not. We have learned from our mistakes, what happened to the Asuras we wish for something like that to never happen again. That is the best thing I can say to try and reassure you."

At this point, Quinn only had Mundus' trust, the trust he had given him so far. Not harming his family, not taking the crystals, and actually trying to explain his reasoning, but there was also the fact that Mundus had trapped him.

Walking forward, Quinn accepted what would happen and stood next to Mundus.

"How do we create the armour?" Quinn asked.

"We will need a forgery and massive amounts of power and physical strength. To top it off, not just any metal can be used to be mixed with the god slayer crystals, at least if we want to create something that is the very best. I have a place in mind, a place you have been to before.

"The place of the Amra."

Quinn was quite surprised to hear something he knew about. They certainly did have rocks that seemed indestructible and great strength as well. With Alex along with him, he was sure that they could create armour that was unmatched, or at least on the same level as what Ray was wearing.

pαпdα`noνɐ1`сoМ He wished to meet the Amra anyway, to ask for their help in the fight, so it was the perfect place for him to go to, and then he could head back to the Mermerial planet.

"Before that, there is something I must do." Mundus placed his finger on Quinn's head. A faint glowing circle appeared on Quinn's forehead and quickly disappeared.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

[You are now an Agent of the Celestials]

[The Celestials are able to locate where you are through this marking.]

[They are also able to communicate with you]

[The marking may be forcefully removed but the Celestials will be aware]

'A tracker, I guess they trust me as much as I trust them. At least it can be removed, but that would be telling them that I was planning something.'

"The journey for me and you ends here, Quinn Talen." Mundus said. "I will transport you to where you need to be. If you don't hear from me, then it means you have done a good job and can continue to live your life.

"I sincerely hope we never have to meet again."

A bright white light surrounded Quinn, and a few seconds later he was transported with everything he needed to end this.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.