Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Inside the grand tower on one of the Amra planets, for a long time the Blades had struggled to get past the 50th floor. It was a central point in the tower and many struggled to do so as well.

This was because the floor was more of a testing floor, one would have to beat a special evolved type of Amra to pass. They didn't need to kill them, but just be strong enough to allow them to reach the next stage.

This stage could also be done with as many people as one wished. They had to go against five Amra at the same time. Due to the nature of the test as well, only one group, however small or large, could take the 50th floor at the same time.

The 49th floor had a large living area that would allow one to rest and buy supplies and more before they went to the 50th floor. On top of that, whatever floor one went up to, they could use the teleporters located at each floor to quickly transport between them.

So for the Blades they would teleport to the 49th floor, and then attempt the 50th floor whenever they could.

While doing this, Layla and her family were taking the test on their own, going up from floor 1. At the same time, Ceril and Stark were taking the test as well, then finally, there was Russ, who had also decided to climb the tower, but on his own.

Geo stuck with the Blades, giving them help and support when it was needed, while Nock, another one of the leaders of the Amra, stayed with the Talen family. There was also a high ranking Amra put with Russ, just to help if need be, and to keep an eye on him.

While Nock and Geo were in the tower, the final leader of the Amra, Dober, who worked more on the technological side of things, was taking the reins on the outside.

"We failed again!" Shiro walked through the village on the 49th floor while his broken arm was being healed by another Blade. Behind him, were all of the other members of the Blade group, around fifty in total, all of them looking defeated and tired.

"You are rushing more than you usuelly would, which causes you to make more mistakes compared to before." Geo said. "Take my word for it, you have gotten stronger, but you shouldn't try and force yourself to beat your opponent. Take your time, and think it through."

"We are rushing, but it's because he is now climbing the tower as well." An image appeared in not just Shiro's head but the rest of the Blades of Russ. The last thing that they all wanted was to be overtaken by him. In a way, it would be like admitting that he was stronger than them.

Were the Blades nothing without Sil? No, they had still proven themselves to be some of the strongest out there, without him. They were able to go against the Chained without Sil, and they were going to do the same here.

After a few hours, the group had recovered, and they were ready to go again. They started to go through the village, getting a few snacks, and touching up on refreshments before having another go.

The village had a nice row of market stalls side to side leading up to the large door that would take one to the 50th floor. While looking at these rows of shops, Shiro noticed a few people, and his eyes had widened.

"How did they manage to get up here, so fast… " Shiro said.

"Oh, the look on your face." Russ said. "I have to admit, a lot of the tests in the tower would be incredibly difficult for some, but for me, one that can adapt to any situation, it was fairly easy."

Russ has made it to the 49th tower far quicker than he had ever imagined, but he wasn't the only one here. Layla, Minny and Galen were together, and they could even see the two new aliens they had recently met, Ceril and Stark.

The Talen family were able to get through the floors due to their brute strength and overwhelming power. There was no struggle on the way up and they were actually the first ones to arrive, but after reaching the 49th floor they decided to take a rest in the village.

Not too far behind them was Russ who had used his partner that travelled with him to unlock ways to go past the floors, then there was Ceril and Stark. The two of them were quite lucky that the tests required certain things from them.

At first they struggled with the gravity but with their unique powers were able to pass through the floors relatively easily, but the 50th floor was always where it got really challenging for the group.

"Everyone!" Shiro said, gritting his teeth. "Let's go to the next floor."

Shiro was already moving ahead, and the rest of them followed. Since it was the first time the others were on the 50th floor, they were unaware of the one group rule, and this was why Shiro was getting a head start, because he and the Blades would go past the 50th floor before the others.

Talking to the Amra at the large giant door, Shiro and his team were teleported away, as they went to the 50th floor.

"It looks like we will all need to wait a while until we can take the next test." Nock stated. "Only one group at a time can take the test."

Russ didn't seem to be annoyed at this as he started to stretch a little, as he did though, there was another voice from behind.

"Ah, we have been looking for you guys, this place was a bit more dangerous than we thought." A young voice said, that sounded human. The Amra spoke deeper and rougher when they spoke.

Turning around it didn't take long for Russ to recognise the two of them, and for them to recognize him as well.

——

On the 50th floor, a fire had been lit under the Blade family. They were working well together, pushing themselves as they fought against the stronger gravity, summoning more Qi in their bodies.

They timed their attacks perfectly and more importantly, something they had never worked on before, they were working better as a unit. Usually, the Blades were strong individuals that could just use their abilities as they wished.

Here though, it wasn't enough, and they were learning how to support each other more and more. In the end, the five Amra had been defeated, unable to get up.

"It looks like you guys finally passed." Geo said. "You are amazing warriors who would be welcomed into any army."

Finally passing the 50th floor they could go to the 51st. However, what was a common thing to do, was to head back to the 49th floor to rest before trying to climb back up the tower.

Shiro and the group decided to do this, and at the same time, they wanted to see how the others would fare, taking on the 50th floor. Surley, they wouldn't pass it the first time, or at least be impressed that the Blades were able to pass it a first time.

——

Heading back to the 49th floor, Shiro had only walked a short distance with the others until they all stopped. They could see Russ, Layla, and the others talking to two people.

"Vicky… Jake!" Shiro said as he ran over. "Both of you, what are you doing here?"

It was none other than Jake Green and Vicky Blade. Shiro would know both of them as they were a part of the Blade family yet at the same time not, but judging by how the two were looking at Shiro, they couldn't remember him at all.

"I guess… our memories of you have been removed as well." Vicky said. "Fear not, Logan has updated us on the situation, so we are not so surprised, and Layla has updated us on everything else that has happened so far.

"As for us, we are here because we have a message to deliver. Jack and Jim are on the move… and they are coming here."

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.