Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

The Blades had come out of the 50th floor with a high. They were feeling great after finally passing the 50th floor. As they fought side by side, they could tell that they had improved by leaps and bounds.

Something that would have taken them years to complete, had been done in a matter of days. They were progressing fast and a lot of them were already wondering how much better they would be if they continued to climb the tower.

Surely, there would be a type of rebirth among those who would have managed to complete the tower, but all of these thoughts had come crashing down as they met with Jake and Vicky, who were the bearer of bad news. The fact that Jack and Jim were on their way, meant that there was no more time, no more time for them to continue to improve.

They were to face the enemy now, and to go against them at the strength they were at.

"If the news you say is true, then we will need to talk about it together, in a more serious manner. I think it's best if we leave the tower." Geo claimed.

Doing as Geo said, all of them left the tower, and with quick decision making, Geo determined that no more Amra were allowed to enter the tower. Those that were in the tower were also to leave as soon as they could.

It was a first for the Amra since Geo had taken control. Since those in higher positions had been made aware of what was possibly coming, the whole city, the whole planet, was feeling a little tense.

They had decided to enter the large reception room that had hard rock like furniture in Geo's manor from before. Here, Ceril and Stark had decided to contact their respective leaders, the King and Queen of the Penswi and Wince, and they were being projected into the room as well.

This was so they could all talk about their next step, and get the information that Jake and Vicky had come to deliver.

"The first question I would like to ask is how did Logan manage to find us?" Layla asked. "Does that mean that Jim and the others already know where we are as well."

This was an important question since the current plan they had, and one of the big advantages they had, was that the attacker didn't know where or who they were teaming up with.

"We actually didn't know." Jake replied, as he placed a device on the centre table for all of them to see. "Logan wished to send data to the next planet that was under attack. Jack and Jim have already been doing research on you Amra, in order to face you.

"So far every planet that they have taken over, they have fought against the alien race with no trouble at all."

The device in the middle started to show scenes of the battle. The vampires, the humans with abilities, androids that had been created by Logan, and the Dalki that now had abilities, each one of them defeating all of their opennets with ease.

"A lot of these planets, they didn't know they were going to be attacked. Usually it is easier to defend than to be the attacker in a war, but all this time they have overwhelmed their opponents and in most cases can conquer an entire race in a couple of days."

The leaders of the other races were shocked to hear this, most wars would take months if not years. For something to be done in days, really showed the level of power they were going up against.

"We were sent here to inform the next race on their list in hopes to give them more of a fighting chance. When we arrived though, we noticed that there were human traces and the Amra recognized us as humans all the way out here."

"Logan had frequently sent us to other planets to search for the Blades." Vicky explained. "We weren't so closely watched so it was easy for us, but we never found a trace of the Blades that my husband asked us to find. So when we heard there were humans here, we thought it was best to meet them first and it was a good thing we did, we never expected to also meet the Talen family, another group that Logan asked us to look for."

"Yes." Layla said. "It's quite lucky, maybe for once things are going in our favour instead of against us."

Both Vicky and Jake looked around the room, as if they were trying to look for someone.

"Where is the person named Quinn though, Logan said, he was the most important person we should look for." Jake stated.

There was an awkward silence in the room for a few moments before Layla spoke up.

"Quinn is off doing something that will help in the war. He should be returning to the Mermerial planet, the planet where Ceril and Wince are from and will be here as soon as possible."

"I hope so." Vicky answered. "Because, at the moment you have 2 days before they arrive."

"Which means we have to prepare for the worst and make a plan as if he wasn't here." Russ added. "We were already preparing for that anyway."

The conversation went on, as the three races discussed the plan with how to deal with the upcoming attack and a few things had been decided. The Penswi and Mermerials were already sending their forces to the Amra planet as they spoke.

According to the direction of where Jim and Jack were coming from, they would reach three Amra planets before reaching the one they were currently on where the capital was located.

It was decided that those planets would be cleared of locals, all positions taken back to the main planet, and they would take the fight to them on these three planets. Still, it might not be enough to protect everyone and Jack and Vicky made that clear.

They said that in each fight, when there are multiple planets, one group is the main attacker. They would take it in turns as to which group this would be. In this case it was Jim.

They would try to go to the location of where the leaders were to end the war as quickly as possible. Meanwhile the second group would deal with the other areas.

"Jack is most likely the one to have Sil, our plan still remains the same that we need to save Sil to give us the best chance of ending this war." Layla stated, and she looked towards Geo as she was a bit concerned.

"Do not worry about us." Geo said. "This is our planet to protect, you are already doing enough to help us. We are not weak, and will do our best, you do not need to stay by our side."

Although Geo was strong and he said that no one needed to stay and help, leaving the Amra to deal with Jim meant dealing with the vampire leaders, the Originals, Jim, Chris, Peter, and Ray. With them trying to all save Sil, would they be able to survive before they managed to return, and that was only if they were successful saving Sil from Jack, H, and the Dalki.

"We will be there to help as well." Jake stated. "Logan will be coming on this attack, and so will the two of us. If your aim is to save Sil, then we will keep the element of surprise until the last moment. We will be able to give you a clear passage to save Sil."

"Great!" Stark said. "I see a lot of worried looks on the faces around us, but to me this is not a losing battle. We have three races that have come together, we have people on the inside of the enemy, and we have a plan.

"This is for the sake of saving all our races, including those on Earth."

"Don't forget!" Minny interrupted. "We have daddy as well, and he always saves us."

Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

They all smiled at Minny, although that was the case, they didn't have Quinn right now, but no one wanted to say anything to her.

"Don't worry, dad will come, I know he will." Minny said.

When she finished her sentence, a large flash of white light could be seen right outside the window. It appeared as if it was coming from the sky. It looked like Minny's prediction was true.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.