Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 221 Peter into Pio

Layla’s anger bubbled within her at such a question. She wanted to shout and ask the same question to him! Why couldn’t he do it as well? He could get turned as well. And yet despite wanting to ask such a question on why he couldn’t do the same... she already knew the answer. It was the loss of the ability of Vorden. He was already strong on his own and proved himself a good asset to the team. His skills were versatile and had helped them out several times because of that.

While for her it didn’t mean much. Her powers were quite weak only being a level 2. In fact, she had even bought a level three ability book before hoping to improve her powers but there was no such luck. She was one of the unfortunate souls that even with money weren’t able to increase the strength of her ability. She was stuck at level two this was her bottleneck.

"I want to Vorden, but it’s too risky right now." She replied.

At first, when Layla had met Quinn and had experienced what happened to her, she really did want him to turn her. Growing up the only form of entertainment she had was books. It was her escape from her time at the Pure base.

Day in and out, they would constantly show videos, have classes and training related to their goal. Then when she could finally relax she took her time reading fantasy stories of the old. Often in the books, it would talk of a vampire sweeping a girl away from all her problems and taking them to a new world, away from everything.

After meeting Quinn this was what had attracted her, but at the same time she couldn’t forget about the reality of why she was at the base in the first place. Her mind kept straying away and reminding her she needed to stick to the cause.

So she had planned to inform Pure of her findings, a way to make their members stronger without using abilities. However, as she grew closer to Quinn she was afraid what would happen to him if she was to reveal to Pure what he was.

There was always the chance that Pure wouldn’t be okay with it. Sometimes the organisation’s actions even confused her with how they worked and what they deemed okay. In a way, beast weapons that they used were just like abilities, with those more powerful than others.

Did Pure distribute them equally to their followers? Yet, they deemed this as okay. Then when she saw what happened with Peter, second thoughts were running through her head. IF Layla were to do those things then she didn’t know how she would face her family.

She wasn’t very close with them but her mother was all she knew and all she had right now.

"If I go off the radar, stop reporting to Pure and choose to be by Quinn’s side, they could run an investigation. They might think at first what happened to me was the same as everyone else, but they would quickly find out I was still okay. They would then look into me send higher-ups and then Quinn would be in even more trouble." Layla explained. "When the time is right, I promise I will be by Quinn’s side."

Although she had said this she still wasn’t sure herself. When it came between choosing Pure over Quinn right now she would still choose Pure where her family was and now Erin as well.

After hearing her explanation it seemed Layla had made a lot of sense. She could be lying about the whole thing but Vorden didn’t really know how Pure worked. Right now, everything was okay so he wouldn’t want to stir the pot anymore.

"It’s not just about Pure," Vorden replied. "You’re too weak to help and it seems like you will cause more problems for us in the future than help. At least you might be of some use to us if you’re turned."

These last words that Vorden had spoken were the biggest hit to Layla. She knew this, her whole life she felt like this even within the Pure organisation. She wasn’t any help to her mother, she wasn’t any help to her friends and she couldn’t even help that much when her friend needed her.

"Vorden, can I ask?!" She shouted and focused her thoughts elsewhere, "How did you know I was here?"

This area she was in right now was a place where she and Erin would often just hang out with the two of them. There were never many students here so she was surprised Vorden was able to find her.

"Your roommate told me!" Vorden shouted back as he walked away.

"Roommate, Cia? How would she know? I’m surprised she actually paid attention to me and Erin. She was always just off doing her own thing. Maybe that girl is a sweeter person than she looks."

****

The next day had arrived, and it had now been a couple of days since the whole event with Truedream was over and done with. The school no longer searched for the missing students, after doing a sweep of the school, it looked like none of the students had seen Peter or Erin.

In the end, they deemed that the video that had been sent must have been true and they were too late. Things were starting to get back to normal. With this, Logan had made preparations for today was the day that the student known as Pio Blank would return.

With the help of Leo, they were able to gain access to the portal room once again. The security surrounding the place wasn’t as on high alert now and being a sergeant Leo had privileges to use the room as he wished.

Sometimes the sergeants would visit other planets to brush up their skills hunting beasts on the portals. Or maybe even visit a few family and friends.

Leo was able to sneak Peter into the room and with him, several of Logan’s mechanical little spiders. After that, Leo left the room and it was all down to Peter.

"You ready?" Peter said.

Everything had been prepared beforehand. The wristwatch had been altered to indicate the pulse of a living person along with the level 4 ability and Logan had also made a few adjustments in the other rooms, that he still hadn’t informed the others about.

With Logan’s ability and the use of his spiders, he didn’t personally have to be anywhere to make adjustments. Logan was able to freely control the metallic spiders however he wished. Using his computer he was also able to monitor and here everything that was going on in those rooms.

IF the spiders were ever spotted, they had a certain pattern on them that made them just look like any other spider. Form time to time, people would attempt to splatter them, but Logan would try his best to scurry them away before that happened.

At the moment, even Peter’s clothing had looked roughed up to indicate he was either travelling through the desert or even going from shelter to shelter at the time until he had found his way back. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

With everything set and done. Logan pressed a key on his keyboard. At the same time in a different location, in the school’s security office, a signal was detected.

"There has been a signal activated from one of the portals." A man said. "Send word to anyone nearby immediately."

It didn’t take long for the two guards by the door to enter the portal room and find Pio immediately. Hayley soon came along with Fay to check on who had made the signal. The main reason why the generals were called was just in case it was a beast that had managed to enter through the portals.

"That’s one of the missing students!" Fay shouted as soon as she saw Peter. She had recognised him since she had dealt with their case files. She had looked at the five students who had supposedly died that day over and over again.

"Quick, Hayley takes him to the medical facility; we need to check that he’s all healthy. This is the first bit of good news we have had in quite a while."

Right now inside Logan’s room, Quinn and the others were standing over him, and as they heard those words they all looked at each other in horror.

*****

Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author’s note.

For MVS artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga