Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Quinn had entered the tower, and when he did so, he didn't look back at those that he had left behind. In his own words, this wasn't a good bye, he was going to see them all again when he got out of the tower, this was his strong belief, his resolve that he needed if he was to go in the tower and get what was needed to be done.

Arriving at the floor where the large forgery would be at, Quinn quickly ran through the fields. On this floor, the world they were on was a land like that of Earth but almost set in a distant past, but it had the best forgery that they needed to create what they wanted.

The large black rock building was built around a special area on the land, one where there were five inactive volcanoes. Apparently from the centre, they were able to draw natural heat from the land that could be used in the weapon making process.

At the same time, there was a special quality to the natural heat that would rise up from the ground when making their weapons, that would allow them to be that much stronger.

'Remember Quinn, when we start this process, we can't stop no matter what.' Alex explained in his head. 'If we want to get done here as soon as possible and help out everyone then we need to focus on the task.'

There was more to it than just this, when making weapons, the timing of everything was very important, and at times there weren't things like machinery that could tell one when the best time was to do the next part.

Often it was intuition, through making so many weapons, Alex could eyeball the next step.

They entered the forgery again, and ten large strong Amra were at Quinn's disposal, as well as Dober. The equipment was all set up, and the special green rock type material was placed in the corner of the room.

'Me and you, we've both worked together making a weapon before.' Alex said. 'So this time, we will be better than before, we can work faster. You have a special body Quinn, a body I always wished I could have.

'And, you have me, the best forger, and as well as the best workers here, we are going to create equipment this world has never seen.'

Although Alex kept talking, he was worried, because his partner in all of this was silent, he hadn't responded to anything he said, and there was this uneasy feeling around him.

"Just tell me what to do." Quinn eventually said. "And I will follow it."

Hearing Quinn speak, Alex realised that he was just incredibly focused at the moment. In his mind, the war might as well have started already. The first order from Alex was to see what material they were dealing with.

Quinn walked up to the strange rock, it was mostly grey in colour with sparkles of green crystal running through it.

"This is known as a Sedron Stone." Dober explained. "We brought over all of the material that we have in the tower. With this much Sedron Stone, you would be able to create three lots of armour. The best thing about Sedron is that no other material needs to be mixed in with it other than the Beast Crystals. It's perfect in every way, as if it was a material that was meant to be made into beast weapons.

"However, since it's your first time working with the material we expect mistakes and this will allow room for error. As I said though, this is the only Sedron we have. I don't want to put pressure on you but…"

"It's okay." Quinn said.

Had there ever been a time when Alex had made a mistake, perhaps not, and it would be the worst case for him when the tension was this high. In order to do all of this as quickly as possible, no mistakes were needed.

Grabbing the special rock with his bare hand, Quinn tried to clench his fingers as hard as could, at first he used his natural strength, and there was nothing, then after that he used his Qi as well to increase the strength of his grip even more, but a piece of the rock wouldn't break off.

"The material itself is so strong that it can't be cut. The Amra have to dig out around it and pull it out. The only way is to place it in the furnace, and only this furnace, in order to melt it down to usable material."

The Amra had more experience dealing with the Sedron stone, so he would leave it to them. They would focus on this process while Quinn would need to focus on something else.

'We need to give Dober the designs that we want, he can then start to make the mouldings for the weapons, but before that, we also need to decide something else as well. Just what crystal are we going to use for what part of the armour.'

Quinn brought each of the god slayer crystals that he had earned and laid them on the table. The battles that he went through to obtain them flashed in his head for a second.

'Quinn, you were the one that fought them all head to head, you know what powers each of them possess, so I want you to pick, as I am going to trust your instincts on this one.' Alex explained.

Usually, a crystal had to be inspected to decide what the crystal was best suited for, but there had to be a reason why Alex was doing things this way.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

——

"The Cloudy Crystal." Quinn picked up. "It belonged to the monkey man. He was agile, light on his feet. Even when he was walking it was hard to hear what direction he came from, and he was quite the master of trickery, I think it would be best to create a pair of boots out of these."

'I think that's a good choice, the crystal has plenty of energy, more so than regular crystals. I think boots which also have greaves going up to your knee will be good.'

Looking at what else needed to be made, Quinn had picked up two crystals this time, one being the Phoenix crystal and the other the Behemoth.

"I'm struggling with this, Ray has great strength, so for the chest plate, the strongest beast I thought against, the Behemoth, would be the perfect choice. Yet surely, the phoenix that had a wide range effect and could withstand large amounts of heat would also do well."

'Again, I think both of them are good choices.' Alex stated. 'Perhaps I can create a chest piece that works with both of the crystals and stretches out so it covers your shoulders. It will be two pieces of equipment, both of them having the same properties as each other.'

Quinn then surprisingly picked up Asura's crystal.

"I think this choice has to be the obvious one. My opponent uses gauntlets where all his strength came from his hands. If it's powerful enough, then there is no need for you to attempt what you said you would do before."

Alex didn't comment on this, because he didn't want to tell Quinn but he still wished to re-modify the Blood guns to become part of the gauntlets even if there was another God Slayer crystal.

Guns never did suit Quinn's fighting style, but it was the power that they brought that had helped him, if that power can be transformed into something more hands on, in order for Quinn to do what he needed to do, then he would do it in a heartbeat.

"Then that would leave the last crystal to be used as a helmet." Quinn said. Picking up what was given by the great mage, a mystery crystal.

'Quinn, just because it goes on your face doesn't mean it has to be a helmet, a helmet has never suited you.' Alex laughed in his head. 'I think… a mask has always suited you best.'

The creation was underway, and so was everything else.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.