Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

On the three Amra planets, all of them could witness the two large Marpo Cruise ships. They could be seen drifting towards them, and they soon stopped, floating in place. Everyone knew, everyone was aware that the enemy was here.

However, they all needed to play an act, hands were pointed at the sky, with worried faces as they looked at each other, waiting for what was to happen next.

Layla, tightly placed her hand on the sheath of her sword, while also looking at Galen and Minny.

"Bring it!" Layla strongly said under her teeth.

Moments later, and out from one of the large Marpo Cruise ships, black pods were seen shooting out, and falling through space. They were going at a fast speed and aiming straight towards the three planets.

"You Earthlings are quite confident in yourselves." Wince nervously said, holding onto her trident. "I thought they might give us a little test run, attacking one of the planets first, but it looks like they are going after all three at the same time."

There was one thing that was apparent though, and it was the fact that all the black pods were coming just from one of the ships. The last time when Quinn was still in the vampire settlement, they were the first to attack.

However, if the information given by Vicky and Jake were true, this attack would be led by Jack which meant they knew what was in those pods.

The black pods crashed into the cities, tearing through the buildings with no trouble at all. There were hundreds of them for each city, all of them stuck up right, creating a small crater where they had landed.

The door of the black pods opened, and immediately a large black hand could be seen climbing out of the pod. Its scale-like face, and the spikes on its back. This was the starting attack from the Dalki.

As soon as it stood up right on its feet, the Dalki was ready to attack, seeing what enemy it was up against. That's when it witnessed large arms swinging down right on top of its head, they bashed down, causing the Dalki to fall to the ground.

"Who gave you permission to land on our planet!" The Amra shouted.

The Amra, went to pick up the Dalki, but as he was about to the Dalki whacked the large hands away. The strength was real, when the Dalki went to throw out its fist, before it hit the Amra, a whirlpool of water appeared in front of the hit, pushing the arm away.

At the same time, suddenly from the right side, a small purple like creature had jumped through the air, and swung its arm hitting it in the side of the head and breaking through its scales. The attack wasn't deep and the Penswi had to quickly move out of the way, as it got out of striking distance.

"What are these things, these little bugs!" the Dalki yelled, before another large fist from another Amra hit him right on the head, sending him to the ground. Quickly the two Amra swung their arms down wildly, eight heavy arms hit the Dalki again and again until it was no longer moving.

It took a few of them to work together and finish it off, but rather than the attackers having the element of surprise, this time it was the aliens that were ready for a battle.

On the roof of houses, many of the Mermerials had blasters that could condense their water power into small sharp shots, and as soon as the Dalki stepped out of their pods they were met with pain.

On the ground, the Penswi were moving fast, and were also using some inventions that had been given to them by the Amra. They were able to run in, and throw a grenade made of beast energy that would stick onto the Dalki's body.

They would then run out and the explosion would go off startling the enemy. The ones that had the hardest job though were the Amra that had to go toe to toe with them and not all of them were successful In overpowering the Dalki.

One of the Dalki's bodies had hardened into a metal-like material making it so the water powers had no effect on them and it was the same with the bombs. One unfortunate Penswi had been caught and grabbed by the head by a Dalki.

The higher spikes were faster than they could imagine, and they had strength to back it up. With a clench of the fist, the Penswi's head exploded and it was no more. An Amra came charging towards the Dalki, who knocked two of the hands away while grabbing onto the other two.

As it held on, it kicked the Amra's body away and ripped the arms completely off. This situation was repeating itself. The higher spikes had abilities like fire, earth, super speed, regeneration taking more people to take them out.

One of the Dalki, who had the power of regeneration and was a four spike, had already killed a lot of the race, and caused destruction all over. He stood there smuggly, until a trident came out, spiralling with water all around it.

On the end of the trident, was a female who pushed with all her strength stabbing them right through the heart. The Dalki attempted to respond by swinging their arm, but the Mermerial gathered water and swung it out hitting the arm away, but then the trident had been pulled out and swung, cutting the throat and chopping off the head of the Dalki.

Wince stood there taking in a deep breath.

"I want to help everyone, but it will be more beneficial for me to take out the ones that are causing the most trouble… but… it makes me worry about how the other planets are doing."

Wince had, of course, made the comment, because all the power houses were on the centre planet. They would love to go support the others, but that wasn't their main goal, still while they were here, waiting for the right moment, they would help out as best as they could.

The Dalki from before that was able to harden its body was proving to be a real problem for the others, and seeing this, a figure stood in Mermerial armour, with a black sword in her hand stood in front of him.

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"We should have made sure that we got rid of every single one of you!" Layla rushed forward. Running far faster than the Dalki had expected, but it was confident in its body and knew that the attacks from those wearing this armour could do nothing, the water strikes didn't hurt him.

Lifting the sword up, she swung it with great strength diagonally across the Dalki's body, and it went through the hardening as if it wasn't even there. This was all because of the effect of the sword, of course.

The Dalki had been split in half and had fallen to the floor, seeing this, it was giving the others confidence. In multiple places, there were those that were helping out, Shiro, Russ, Ceril and Stark getting rid of the more troublesome Dalki.

——

In the ship, they were observing the situation.

"Sir, the Dalki are struggling a lot more than we originally thought." One of the men said.

Jack was standing in the command centre and could see the videos.

"Yes… it seems for some reason there are more than just our four armed friends? Their allies have completely different powers and seem to be drastically different to the rock people.

"Is it an alliance? We guessed that this would eventually happen as we continued to go through the universe, but not so soon. I didn't realise that there would be three different groups of aliens on friendly terms."

"What would you like us to do?" One of the men asked.

"We can't lose so many Dalki in the first wave, since they have unexpected help, we will just have to move in quicker. Send the supporting Earth team. The Dalki and humans will have to work together."

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.