Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

This wasn't just a battle but a large-scale war that was going on. The other members that didn't have Wince and the others to help out were struggling a bit. The hardest thing they had to get used to, was the fact that the Dalki would get stronger the more injured they were.

However, they were already aware of this information, and they were fighting with their heads as best as they could. One of the Dalki was chasing after a Penswi, its green blood was covering from its head to its body, making it incredibly powerful and fast.

The Penswi turned down an alleyway street, and right after, the Dalki jumped with its powerful legs reaching out. A few beeps were heard, and several explosions went off one after the other.

After that, out from the crushed buildings on one side were a few Amra, and the others there were from the Mermerial race with water blades in their hands. They all attacked aggressively, aiming to finish off the Dalki, and that's what they did.

If there was one thing that was helping them immensely it was the fact that they had prepared on their side. Still, the Dalki were strong and there were those with unexpected abilities. Powers that they never had experienced battling against before, that they had to deal with on the go.

Which meant there were many casualties on their side, and it was hard for Wince to stomach.

"Don't be afraid to fall back, rest if you need it, and regroup with those around you!" Wince shouted, lifting up her trident and shooting out a large hydro pump of water out.

She had yet to rest herself, but they needed to use the advantage of numbers on their side.

'I thought I would never see something like this again, at least not so soon.' Wince thought. 'Our people already dealt with infighting before, we were just starting to recover from the war.

'But I can't blame Quinn. It's clear that we would have never been able to deal with this on our own, and that this isn't the extent of the enemy's powers.' Wince was looking up at the two ships, waiting for them to make their next move.

The thing was, Wince didn't know how soon the Marpo Cruise would make its next move. Coming out from the large cruise ship, once again several black pods came out. This time, there looked to be around three times the amount that there was before.

Those that weren't fighting and were recovering from their injuries, were looking up, and just the sight of the black pods heading their way was frightening to them.

"There are more black pods… and three times the amount. Are all of them filled with these dragon-like monsters!" One of the Mermerials said.

They crash landed onto the ground, disrupting some of the fights. A lot of those fighting had to move back. They were keeping the fighting to a certain area. It was part of Wince's plan, that way they could use the second half of the city to move around easier and get help to those that needed it.

Yet with this sheer number, they were wondering what they would do next. The Dalki that were fighting went next to the black pods, almost protecting them. Steam came out from the front and out of the pods, instead of a black scaled hand, there was soft flesh that was covered in beast armour.

Layla, who was in another area seeing this, gritted her teeth.

'They sent out humans!'

The humans were larger in number and there were three per pod that was sent out. Immediately they went into battle supporting the Dalki, supporting what was once their enemy, and they were now standing side by side.

With their Qi, mixed abilities and beast weapons, they were far more versatile than the Dalki, and worse was the fact that they were playing a more supportive role. Stopping the Amra from getting close and physical with them, attacking those that were ranged from far away.

One of the humans came and jumped up in the air, wielding a giant beast axe. He had the ability of great strength. Layla was ready to chop him down, until a smaller person leapt up, and punched the man in the side of the face, sending him flying across the room and crashing into another building.

"What are we meant to do, against the humans?" Minny asked, landing on her two feet.

It wasn't as if they didn't know this was going to happen, they were going up against those from Earth, and they believed they were fighting for a good cause, so of course they would have to fight humans, and vampires as well.

"Injure them to the point until they can no longer take part in the fight." Layla answered. "But I don't want you to do it at the risk of hurting yourself, and don't get in the way of what the others have to do."

They could never ask the aliens to not harm humans, that would be a ridiculous ask, not when they were dying right here in front of them. Neither side was at fault for this war, apart from the two that were behind it all.

Minny did as she was told, and ran through the field, she would used this to avoid the strikes, and use her physical capabilities to knock out the humans in one strike. At times more was needed and she had to break a few bones which she had become accustomed to.

Rather than focus on the Dalki, this was something she was more suited to, and helped out the others greatly.

'It's safer for Minny to go up against the humans for now. Especially at the moment, when she can't use her powers. At the moment, Galen is being sensible and listening to me as well, staying in Minny's shadow.

'I know there's something special about him, but he can't get injured in this fight.'

Layla then looked up at the Marpo Cruises, both of them were still next to each other in the sky.

'The other one, it hasn't moved yet. Is it because they are struggling more than they thought? This isn't good, we need the two cruise ships to split up. Then, we can infiltrate the other and save Sil.

'We need to wait until Geo and the others are engaged in combat with Jim, and that's when we can act.'

——

"What's happening!" Jack shouted. "Why haven't the androids been sent yet? Out of all the battles that have gone on so far, this one is progressing the worst!"

"I'm sorry, but a large error has occurred with the androids' mainframe. They aren't listening or communicating together. I am trying to fix this as soon as possible." Logan answered.

With nothing else Jack could do, he shut down the communication with Logan.

"We need an update on the situation on all planets on the ground, to find out which one is struggling the most. There's a good chance that there is a leader of some sort. We need to find them."

Logan had ended the call on his end, and of course there was nothing wrong with the androids at all. They needed to have another use at the right time.

'This is the best I can do for you guys at this moment and time. I hope everything goes well. Because right now, I don't know when, or who is going to make the first major move.'

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.