Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The rescue team looked up into the sky, and they had all seen the different pods crash onto the planet. Based on the information they could gather, the special pods had only been sent to one of the planets and not the other two.

This gave them a good idea that their plan was working and they were focusing on eliminating those from the centre planet first. Since it was the planet that Jack was having most difficulty with, he thought it was quite obvious that the leaders were present on this planet and it would be in his best interest to get rid of them first.

Still, the order had been made, and the rescue team members were each heading to the building that Wince had prepared for them all. The building where the special ship had been made. Layla was one of the first to arrive, and not too far behind her was Minny.

"Wince said that the ship was hidden, underneath all this rubble." Layla said, looking at the state of the building. The side of the walls had been destroyed by a few stray attacks, and some rocks were on the floor.

Using her powers, she lifted them and chucked them off to the side, clearing the floor. After that, Minny was ready for her work. She transformed her hand into the red claw and ran around in a large circle across the floor of the room.

Eventually the line on the ground she had made connected, and it started to fall, but not before Layla caught it with her powers and started to lift the ground away. That's when they could see it, the ship that they needed.

"That thing is a bit bigger than I thought, are we really going to be able to sneak on board with such a thing?" Russ said.

Turning to their right, they had seen that Russ had arrived.

"Wasn't Stark with you?" Layla asked.

"He was, but he was called away to do some type of scouting job. I'm sure he got your message, and remember he's a fast one so he will be here soon." Russ replied.

They still needed to wait for the others, but it wasn't long until Shiro and Ceril had arrived. They had met up on the way and decided to come together.

"Sorry, there was something we had to deal with on the way here." Shiro said, as he looked at the ship and had the same concerns as Russ.

"That thing, it's as big as a house, it's big enough to fit us all in, but it will be hard to go under their radar, won't it?" Shiro asked… but soon after he had thought of an idea that could work.

"Give me a moment, I'll be back soon, but I promise that it will help us all." Shiro explained.

Heading off, the group was left awkwardly waiting, but Layla couldn't help but look at Ceril. She could see a smog over her head, the smog of worry.

"Are you worried that we won't be able to save Sil? If you think this mission won't succeed, and are already thinking that way, then it will affect your ability."

"It's not that." Ceril replied. "I know we are strong, I think our mission will be successful, it's the Mermerials and my sister that I'm worried about."

Finally Stark had arrived at the location and immediately started to apologise.

"I'm sorry I am late, I wanted to give the others the best information they could get about the enemy that had just landed. I did my best to see the numbers and their powers."

"What are they up against!" Ceril immediately asked.

She had seen the footage along with the others, the footage of H, and how strong he was. Even if all three races were to go up against someone like him, they would end up failing. It was hard for her to leave her sister knowing that, but even if she stayed, she felt like just her on her own wouldn't be much help either.

"Are you sure you wish to know?" Stark asked, knowing what effect it might have.

"Yes, the Mermerial race is also my responsibility." Ceil answered.

"There were six special pods in total, out of those, the enemy known as the Dalki appeared. As Layla informed us, their strength is dictated by the number of spikes on their back. Five of the Dalki had five spikes, and one of the Dalki had seven spikes. The Dalki that you described before, the one that you called H, I did not spot anyone that matched his description."

There was silence on Layla's end as she heard the facts. In their heads, the main figure they had to worry about was H, however, it looked like the enemy's strength was more than they imagined.

In the past, the five spiked Dalki were what caused great fear when fighting against them. Although all of them had special traits that made them unique, perhaps these Dalki didn't have the special traits the ones before had, but they more than likely had abilities, making them possibly just as dangerous.

Then, there was also the mention of the 7 spike Dalki. Graham was at this level before, but he was even more special and spectcaular due to the unique trait he had. It was what looked like a werewolf.

Because of this, it was hard to say how much of his strength came from this form, compared to that of just a seven spike Dalki, but it is safe to say that it wouldn't be easy.

"We need to save Sil." Shiro said, returning back from wherever he had come from. "If H wasn't seen then that means he's on that ship, but either way, if we get back Sil, H, seven spike, 10 spike, who cares how many spikes, Sil will be able to deal with them all, and no matter what, and we won't get in the way so he doesn't have to hold back."

With those words said, everyone got on board the ship, and it set off quickly, breaking through the roof of the building and shooting through the air. Some of the humans tried to attack it with their abilities, but as it hit the hard exterior it did next to nothing and the ship continued to go forward into space.

"At least we know it's sturdy." Ceril said.

"Yeah, let's hope it can survive a few energy blasts as well." Russ stated.

Flying through the air, as they got closer to the Marpo Cruise, what Russ feared was starting to come true, there were multiple exterior weapons on the outside of the ship that used beast energy to blast anything that got close, and they were all being directed at the small ship.

"Where do you want me to go!" Ceril shouted, as she was the one flying the ship.

"Maybe we should have discussed this before leaving!" Russ shouted back.

The ship managed to avoid most of the lasers but was getting hit a couple of times, shaking the whole thing. It was holding out, but who knew for how long it would be able to.

"How are we going to get onto the ship?" Stark asked. "I thought this was meant to be a sneak mission with a full out attack if we got caught."Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"You stupid alien, don't you think we have already been caught!" Russ shouted back.

The ship was hit a few more times, and it was hitting it away from the large ship.

"Ceril, let me take over!" Shiro stated as he pushed her to the side. "I thought this might happen, I have a plan."

Shiro took over and started to head right for the ship. He was heading for the bottom side of the ship. The lasers were missing them all by a small margin, and he kept pushing forward until the others started to worry.

"Hey hey, we're going to crash!" Minny screamed. "Stop the crazy uncle!"

The others realised this was Shiro's great plan, and at that moment he let go of the steering controls, and stood up.

"Everyone grab onto me, and hold onto each other!" Shiro ordered.

They didn't have time to think and did as they were told. The ship crashed right into the side , breaking the side of the ship and exploding into pieces.

The Marpo Cruise was in a panic as they quickly went to repair the damage, and seal off the area affected. Meanwhile there was no sight of the others as they were assumed dead with the ship.

——

Inside the Marpo Cruise somewhere, among a load of metal contraptions, everyone was checking if their heart was still beating.

"There you go, two birds with one stone. Now they think we're dead and we are on the ship." Shiro said with a smile, happy that he had managed to get the teleportation ability. "Now, let's get Sil."

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.