Inside the tower, the entire team that was working on Quinn's armour had yet to rest. Not even for a breath of fresh air. They had no idea what was going on outside, in the tower they were unable to hear the cries of battle, or whether it had even started yet.

Regardless, in their minds, they imagined that it had already started. They imagined how many more lives would be saved if they just finished the armour a fraction of a second earlier then there was the possibility that they could save more lives.

"Hurrahh!" One of the Amra shouted in the air, and soon even more had shouted after.

Quinn quickly went over to what the Amra were cheering about, for him he had been busy setting up the crystals, getting ready to melt them down. According to Alex it would be best to use the special furnace that the Amra were using, but at the moment it was being used to melt down the special rock.

"Sir, we have done it, we have melted down all the material we need. Now it's up to you!" One of the Amra said.

"I have also completed the moulds as well." Dober explained, as he appeared by Quinn's side.

'Quinn this is amazing, the Amra are certainly talented forgers, they have already stored the liquid in a special large container so it will keep its viscosity. They're saving us several steps. This is the fastest I have ever seen work being done before.' Alex complimented.

Now Quinn knew that it was up to the two of them. The problem was that although it was fast, not one item of armour had been made yet, and each piece would need to be done, one at a time.

"I'm ready." Quinn said, as he grabbed the cloud filled crystal, and jumped down to the specially heated furnace area. It was hot on Quinn's feet. Using the shadow he was able to stop it from reaching him while he stayed here.

For the Amra forgers, their feet had already changed due to working here so much, and some of them looked as if they were scorched black, which they weren't before. It most likely would be a permanent scar left from the work they had been doing, that was how hard they had worked.

"I won't stop!" Quinn declared. "I won't stop hammering or rest until all of this is made!" Quinn said, as he placed the crystal into the special furnace and the process began on the first item.

DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

——

Outside, the war had been taking place for a while now, and the sun looked as if it was starting to set. The Marpo Cruise had only attacked the planet Geo was on, after several hours of battle on the other planets.

Geo was tied up by four vampire string ability users, they tried to pull at the same time stopping him from using his arms, but instead Geo went and clapped his hands together, pulling all of the vampires forward and causing them to fall to the ground.

Right above them were other Amra that slammed down their fists on their bodies.

"Don't tire out, pace yourself and don't go after them!" Geo shouted to the Amra.

Just like with the other planets, the Amra needed to focus on just defending for now. Staying in position, in hidden areas and closer to the tower part of the city. If they were being pushed back, then they were to fall back.

This was to conserve their energy, because even though the night sky would come, due to them being vampires, they would not tire out, and might even get better as the night sky came.

Jumping out from the side was a large black-scaled creature, which had its claws out aiming right for Geo's head. Before it could reach though, another Amra dressed in blue armour came jumping up and continuously threw punches, hitting the Dalki.

The two crashed into the ground and the Amra continued to beat the Dalki until it was no longer moving.

"Nock… that was a nice one." Geo said.

"I can't let you do everything." Nock stated. "Me and you are rivals after all."

"It looks like they have finally sent out some of the Dalki, to try and bring us down, but this one is only a two spike." Geo claimed. "The enemy will have a lot more tricks up its sleeve, we have to be careful."

The two powerful Amra leaders were holding out against the attackers successfully. The vampires were confident in their speed and their strength, but compared to the Amra they weren't as strong and their speed matched up with the vampires.

A while ago, Bliss had sent out Quinn to this planet, to show him the strength of other races out there, how in comparison to humans and vampires, there were those that were much stronger, and the Amra were proving it right now.

Eventually, just like on the other planets, the fighting had died down, being limited to certain areas, and the night sky had finally come out. It was nearly the end of the first day.

Geo looked back at the tower, which was still standing strong.

"We have bought you one day so far, but I don't know how many days we can keep this up."

Geo looked at the injured around him.  They hadn't suffered as great of a loss as they originally thought they would have, but the enemy hadn't attacked them as hard either.

——

"The night sky is out… and the enemy has relaxed since the fighting has calmed down, so I would say this is the perfect opportunity to strike." Jim smiled. "Send in the second wave of vampires, and with them send in the leaders as well, and tell them they need to make sure they do a good job, otherwise I will be coming down myself."

——

Rumbling shook the entire city as numerous black pods landed. Unlike the first time, the Amra weren't there to throw rocks, they were out of position and still fighting against the first wave on the ground.

Just like the last time, the number of pods sent to the planet were in the thousands, and unknown to them there were much more skilled vampires in this group. Then there was the fact that it was night time as well. A time of fighting that the vampires specialised in.

From the looks of things, it was almost as if the vampires were trying to finish this war in one night.

Crashing and coming out of the pods, the new vampires were preparing themselves as they gathered in their group's powers, and looked for their captains, and searched for the leaders of their family. Then it was time for them to push.

However, there were two vampires that had crashed this time that were not interested in the war.

"Hey… I can't see anyone in these pods?" A vampire asked as he looked around.

"I wouldn't worry about them, we need to worry about each other. These four armed aliens are no joke!" One of the vampires said as they rushed off.

As soon as they crashed, two vampires, who didn't wish to take part in the war, had run off and gone into hiding in a particular building.

"I guess all is going well so far." Ronkin said, as they climbed up the large staircase which looked like it was built for a giant and headed inside one of the Amra's rooms.

"Yes, it's a good thing I learned that trick from last time, how to open the pods a bit quicker. Otherwise it would have been a lot harder." Jeouk stated.

Jeouk was the old captain of Quinn and Ronkin when they went up against the Namriks. Both Ronkin and himself no longer believed in the reason for the war, but they were forced to take part regardless.

However, the reason for them breaking off was different. When entering the room, Ronkin was looking around and it looked like a child's room based on the colours and the way it was presented.

"These aliens, they have lives just like ours." Ronkin said, as he went up to the shelf, and saw something. There was a small statue, small by Amra standards as it was as big as a human head, but when looking at it, it was clear as day, because it was a statue of Quinn.

"Look at this." Ronkin called over Jeouk as soon as possible. "They have a statue of Quinn. Everything he told us, no, everything those beasts told us in the forest, they were right."

*******

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.