Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

In the current battle against the Amra, the vampires had realised something. As long as they didn't push forward and stayed out of sight, the enemy wouldn't attempt to attack them.

They were content on only defending and holding their position. It became apparent to the first wave of vampires, that they were weaker than the Amra. It was hard for them, since they had their pride, but for many of them they cared more about their life.

So, they thought the best thing to do would be to wait for back up to arrive. They knew that the stronger of the vampires, the skilled vampires, the nobles and those that had access to higher tier green blood would eventually arrive if they were having a difficult time, and yet the vampires orders from above were clear they were to keep attacking.

The entrance from the north side of the Amra city had been cleared and vampires were holding up there, waiting for supplies of blood, but when they were told to keep attacking, they were quite shocked.

'Even if we are vampires, even we tire out… and they must be able to see what's happening from above, why are they telling us to keep on attacking?'

There was a lot of concern, and then the captains sent out a message to them all.

"Backup will not arrive until we are all dead, unless we attack."

This was passed on to the others, and they didn't quite understand the order. Did their family leaders not care about them? Was this a push to make vampires grow stronger?

The order didn't come from the leaders though and had come from Jim for a number of reasons. The 1st, was for the sake of winning the war, the Amra couldn't rest. They needed to attack them relentlessly to wear them down and weaken them, making the battle have a higher chance of success.

Then out of those vampires left, they would be the ones that grew stronger. In Jim's mind it was survival of the fittest. Those that had stronger aura, those that were slightly faster, and had better genetics, then those would be the ones that win.

In turn, this over the years, would make vampires evolve as a race. The comment from Vincent had made Jim take more drastic measures as he wished to evolve the vampires as well.

Still due to the situation, the support was eventually sent out. As the night sky stayed out, and crashing down along with the elite vampires, were the original vampire leaders, and the leaders of the past.

"I will start the push, and the rest are to follow. I don't want more of us to die." Hikel, the fourth original leader stated.

Rushing from their spots, the leaders spread out in pairs of two heading out in different directions, and slowly with the elite vampires they would continue to take over the city, gaining territory bit by bit.

With Hikel was the fifth leader Bianca. Around her neck was a large black snake, that was as thick as a python but she acted as if there was nothing on her at all. This was all because of the special ability of being able to talk and communicate with beasts and animals.

Although this was not like the skill of the Bree Family which was a taming skill.

The two had arrived at the edge of where their team was, and they could see the vampires desperately fighting, as they ran and threw out blood slashes, trying to hit the Arma. When they did hit their bodies, their hard skin was hardly damaged at all because of it.

"Everyone clear the area and head back!" Hikel shouted.

The vampires heard the message loud and clear and heard the voice. For a while Hikel had also been leading the group in Jim's absence. Immediately, they listened, coming out from their hiding spots, from inside the houses and other areas.

Some of the vampires were carrying injured allies. After the entire area was cleared, four of the Amra had gathered together.

"Two vampires, these must be their leaders if they were quick to listen to them." One of the Amra siad.

"Don't worry, we are strong! Their attacks are weak and can't hurt us!" The Amra shouted.

HIkel then made a cut across his hand with his elongated nail, and threw it out as droplets of blood hit the area in front of him and all the buildings in the area. The blood started to glow, and large explosions went off one after the other.

The explosion reached a great height, and those fighting in other areas were able to see it. This included Geo and Nock who both were close by the tower, trying to get a hand on the situation.

"Sir, it seems like the vampires are pushing us back from all sides!" The Amra reported.

"After sending out a second wave of troops, it looks like they're trying to finish us off. Tell the Arma, to just delay them if the opponent is too strong. Don't risk their lives and wait for us to come!" Geo ordered.

Geo, Nock, and Dober were the only three Amra that had been blessed with Quinn's celestial energy. Yes, there were high ranking Amra that were incredibly strong, but to deal with the leaders, really there were only three of them, and one of them was in the tower helping Quinn.

The problem was, there were too many strong enemies for them to deal with on their own at the moment, and all they could do was pick a place, to try and help them and then move on from there.

——

After the explosive blood had settled down from where Hikel was. All of the buildings had crumbled in the area. All of the hiding spots and more, and there was now a clear area.

Large fists punched the rubble, and out of the ground, the Amra could be seen coming out. There were more of them and it looked like there were at least twelve of them in the area.

"These monsters, they're destroying our home without a second thought!" One of the Amra shouted as he lifted up one of the large black rocks that was used to damage the pods as they fell, and threw it straight at the female vampire that was standing there.

Lifting her hand, Bianca had stopped the rock, with her feet sliding around an inch.

"That throw was stronger than I expected, no wonder the regular vampires were struggling to deal with them."

Punching the rock, several red lines could be seen in it, and the rock broke into pieces. Soon after, Bianca was seen bursting through, heading straight for the Amra.

One of them threw two of their hands right towards her, and with her skill she swiped underneath the Amra, and spun towards its back. Placing her palm on the back of the Amra, a large pulse of red aura almost fired out from her hand, and caused the Amra to go flying, crashing into one of the others.

Another Amra that was close, saw the snake around her neck open its mouth, and shoot out a green liquid. As soon as it hit the Amra in the head, its tough outer skin was useless as it started to melt.

Quickly moving, Bianca continued to display a high level of fighting skill, as she palm struck the joints of the Amra, and broke their arms before proceeding to finish them off.

Bianca, the fifth leader, was possibly the most skilled when it came to hand to hand combat as a vampire. Due to her ability being weaker than the others, it was something she practised on. Most of the vampire aura was similar to the other originals, so she had no edge and had created her own.

With the two powerful original leaders, they were confident that they could continue to push forward. Having already eliminated around 12 of the Amra, coming to the scene Hikel was ready to get rid of the others, as he threw out his blood out toward the remainder of the Amra.

"I won't let you harm them!" An Amra with golden arms came forward, and hit all of the blood right to the floor. A large explosion went off underground, shaking the place and causing large cracks in the floor, but the Amra and his hands were completely fine.

"This alien is different." Hikel noticed, and looked to see what happened to Bianca, to notice that she had been pushed back, after getting hit by a large rock.

"F*ck that hurt!" She shouted, not being able to stop the rock, she could only move out of the way while drawing its energy.

"I think someone like me is more suited as an opponent for you." Geo smiled.

*****

*****Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.