Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Hikel continued to look at the strange beast and he couldn't help but wonder what the small shadows coming off from the beast were. Was it a type of power that the beast had, but it was something he had never seen before, and why did the power feel so familiar.

At the same time, he had never heard of a beast having a power like so, a power like the shadow that was so similar to that of Arthur.

'I can't think too deeply into it. We are on an alien planet. This planet has nothing to do with the Shadow Convent and in the first place, Arthur never had a skill like this that would allow him to control and use beasts.' Hikel thought.

Even with the help of the beast there were still four originals, but Bianca was still hesitant to go in after she had seen what had happened to her snake.

'That beast… it defeated the demon tier beast like it was nothing. Which means it also has to be on the Demon tier level, but must be of a higher status.' Bianca thought.

At that moment, she thought it might be best if she could communicate with the beast. Opening her mouth she started to speak, and in doing so, the others were unable to hear. It was a form of silent communication using a language that beasts could understand but couldn't be heard by anyone else around them.

"Why powerful beast, are you helping out the aliens on this planet. We do not wish to do you any harm, and will leave you be!" Bianca asked.

However, there was no such answer, and it was almost as if the beast didn't even hear her. This was something that almost had never happened to her before.

'The eyes of the beast… it's almost as if it's being controlled, but then who is the one controlling it?' She thought.

"What are you idiots standing around for!" Magnus shouted, as he threw out a sharp ring of blood aura out of his hands, one was aimed at Geo, while the other was aimed at the Owl-like beast.

Moving out of the way, Geo noticed that the ring was following him, but there wasn't much that he needed to do, the Owl got in the way of the attack, and opened its mouth, a large shockwave went through the air hitting the blood aura and breaking it on the spot.

As for the ring that was after itself, covering its body with its wings, it was able to break it with ease.

Magnus seeing this was frustrated and went to move in, when he felt a large vine wrap around his leg.

"Look out!" Hikel shouted, throwing out a small part of his blood. It hit the vine and exploded, breaking part of it off.

Soon though, all of the leaders could see vines all around them coming from different areas.

"I can sense it, there is another demon tier beast in this area." Bianca exclaimed.

Using their sharp claws and blood powers, they started to rip through the vines that were attacking them from all areas, and Geo saw this as an opportunity, as he jumped toward Hikel again.

Since he was damaged before, and with the help of the beasts, now he thought he could do it again, and at least finish off the vampire.

'This is getting dangerous!' Hikel worried, and used his claws to cut along both of his forearms drawing more blood from his body, and with his blood control threw it out, exploding a wall of blood right in front of Geo.

"Everyone fall back and retreat we need to figure out just what is going on here!" Hikel ordered.

The others were inclined to agree.  A single leader could take out a demon beast most of the time, depending what level it was at, but they were unaware that the infected demon tier beast were stronger than a typical one due to the Shadow infect.

Geo and his celestial powers as well, was proving tricky for them, as if they were injured by it it made it more difficult to heal and Hikel and Bianca were already injured.

When Geo broke out of the smoke, he could no longer see any of the vampires present. They had all run away.

"Although I didn't finish any of them off, I guess I should take this as a victory, that they backed away." Geo thought, and turned to the two beasts. Soon the other beasts, a green humanoid dragon-like figure made up of strange green vines, had come out.

Like the owl, its body was also covered in strange purple markings and had lingering shadows over it.

"I don't know why you beasts helped me, but thank you." Geo was looking at the shadows, and they made him think of Quinn.

"It was us." A voice shouted out.

Turning his head, surprisingly coming from a distance away, there were two vampires.

"We are on your side… the beasts, we were the ones that summoned them, we are here to help you and Quinn." Ronkin said.

The two had explained to Geo why they were there, and it didn't take much convincing. He could see that the beasts responded to their orders, and at the same time they had already used them to help him.

Geo trusted them, with their help, they were quickly moving to the other areas with the two beasts and Geo. The Original leaders were no longer pushing forward, and with that the second wave of vampires were finding it hard to break through the Amra army and were unable to gain more territory.

———

On the Marpo Cruise, it didn't take long for Jim to get the information from the originals.

"Demon tier beasts are now involved in all of this?!" Jim shouted. "The Original vampires, the first vampires with a boost of the Dalki blood can't even deal with beasts and a rock man!"

"I told you that rock man was strong." Ray commented, continuing to watch whatever it was he was watching.

"I assume he is still not strong enough for you to get involved?" Jim asked.

The question had received no answer, so in Jim's head he had made a decision. He felt like the Originals could learn from this. Along with the vampires they would try their best to break through and gain more territory.

If they were unable to do anything after a certain amount of time had passed, then Jim would go down, with Peter and Chris, to deal with the most troublesome person in all of this, the Rock man.

——

On the planet itself,  the vampires had let off a bit. This was mainly due to the help of one of the demon tier beasts who was able to summon vines all over and control them. They were able to intertwine it in the buildings in areas and use it to attack vampires in the midst of battle, and for the first time, Geo and the other Amra were able to get some rest.𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"I can't thank you both enough." Geo said to the two vampires. They had regrouped in front of the tower, where their main base of operations was held.

"Honestly, you shouldn't thank us. A lot of this was planned by Quinn himself, it was a back up plan." Ronkin said. "There is actually more we can do to help… but we need Quinn himself, where is he?"

Geo looked at the tower, the sun was rising and could be seen peeking over the tower. They had managed to survive the whole night. With that, Geo was thinking about how much time Quinn had spent in the tower.

He was inside for two days, before the attack had started and now two days had passed making a total of four days. How close he was to completing the weapon he was making was hard to say.

"He's in the tower, but I'm not sure how long he will be in there for. I also wonder how the others are doing. Since you still have no memory of the past Quinn, it means they have yet to rescue Sil."

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.