Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Inside the tower, Quinn had continued to forge without taking any type of rest. At times he would be able to power his body with Qi when needed and then take it away. Then at those times, he would allow his Qi to recover while he let his physical body continue to do the work on the weapons.

The thing was, in order to create a well crafted weapon, Qi needed to be infused in the hammer. It was a trait that he had learned a long time ago about special forgers. Those that were the best were the ones that used Qi without them knowing about it.

Because of this, there wasn't much time to rest.

"Don't you want to take a little break?" Dober asked. "I sent one of the men outside, and they returned with good news. The Amra are holding up."

"Although the Amra are holding up, that still means that lives are being lost, and not just on one side, but on both sides!" Quinn replied as he continued to smash the hammer in the moulding.

"I need to finish the equipment, in order to save the lives of the Amra, humans, vampires, Mermerials and the Penswi, that is why I can't rest."

Dober didn't want to talk to Quinn for long for fear he was distracting him. Quinn had already managed to complete a couple of items that were needed, and he was watching him carefully.

This way, when he created the next item Dober could be a good assistant, helping him with what he needed as quickly as possible, while also making the next steps easier.

"Even then, if you don't rest, it could even affect the quality of the item if you make a mistake, due to your tiredness." Dober replied.

Quinn appreciated that Dober was worried for him, but he had more stamina than most, and had gained extreme concentration when he fought against the Phoenix for a considerable amount of time as well.

On top of that, he had the best forger keeping an eye on him. If he faltered or there were any mistakes at all, then Alex would speak up, which he hadn't done so far.

"Thank you for your concern, but I will not falter." Quinn replied.

The boots had already been made, and so had the mask. Currently Quinn was working on the chest peice, which also included the shoulder guards. It was the largest piece, and was to be made up of more than one god slayer crystal.

Because of that, it was taking quite a bit of time, but after they were done, there was only one item left that he needed to make.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

'Quinn, I need to speak to you.' Alex said. 'Since you have great concentration and focus of the hammering under way, I will just speak and you don't need to respond, but I need you to listen.

'I will instruct you on what to do when you create the gauntlets. I have decided that I wish to go through with what we talked about before. I wish for you to melt down the Celestial blood guns and use them as part of the God Slayer Gauntlets.

'In case, I am no longer with you, you need to remember the instructions I'm about to give, and I want you to not hesitate. For one, we don't even know if it will be the end of my life, but even then, you are sacrificing one to save many, and of all things, if my life is used to make the strongest weapons that will be wielded by the strongest person in the Universe, then I will be happy.'

Quinn continued to hammer away, and didn't respond like Alex had asked him, but he had to bite his lip, because he really wanted to speak, and he was tired of losing his friends.

——

Layla and her team had successfully entered the Marpo Cruise, and at the moment none of them had any clue where they were. Thanks to Shiro he had teleported them to a level above where they had crashed.

They were standing on a metal platform and were among pipes and more that were all over the area.

"We have no clue where Sil is?" Russ said. "Why didn't you guys ask for a map or something from Logan, or why didn't his kid and wife give us a map."

"We can only deal with the current situation that we have right now." Layla replied. "Logan has already helped us out tremendously and his family is still willing to help us.

"There are two things that we need to figure out. One where Sil is, and the other maybe where Vicky and Jake are. They stated that they would help us out when we got here. If we find them they will also tell us where Sil is."

They all nodded their heads, the other important point that they all needed to remember, was to not get caught. If someone did spot them, then they would need to kill them in order to silence them, as knocking them out wouldn't be enough.

The group ran through and surprisingly many of them were able to run around the place without making much of a sound. Layla could levitate herself so her feet didn't touch the floor.

Minny was able to use the shadow to suppress her footsteps as well as Russ who could copy the shadow power, but the rest would struggle as they went all over the place. Getting out of the large pipe like area, they soon realised what a mammoth of a task this would be.

As they had entered what looked like a water park, but the entire area was void of people.

"This ship is as big as a planet." Ceril complained.

"I agree, there has to be an easier way to get around this place." Layla said. "And we haven't seen a single person. The ship must be split into other areas, those for combat purposes. If we found a person, a human, then we might be able to ask them… or force them to answer."

"You won't have to do that." A voice said, as a young man had suddenly appeared in front of them.

"I have been looking for you guys forever. You know, when the ship crashed I knew that you were already on board. If you just stayed in place it would have been quicker. Did you really have to go running around the whole place?" Jake Green asked.

The help from the inside had arrived, and Jake quickly explained to all of them the plan that had been set out by Logan.

"It's going to be a hard one." Jake said. "But it's the only thing we can do, and there is another thing Logan told me to warn you about. H… is still on the ship."

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.