Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

The group, including Logan himself, were all quite confident that things would go smoothly with him on their side. He had looked carefully for safety measures, the layout of the systems and more, but of course there was only so much he could do.

In the first place, Logan spent most of his time in Green City, he actually hadn't been on board the Marpo Cruise for long. So there was only a limited amount of time he had to try and find everything he could.

'I'm sorry, this is my mistake, and it's not often that I make mistakes, but you all have to get through this, and decide what the best thing to do is.' Logan thought. 'From my search so far, I have found that they are still unaware of me being the one that disconnected the liquid. Jack had only set up a trigger to alert if anything was tampered with Sil, so if we get through this, then I can still help.'

In the large oval room, the group were in panic mode, the alarm was still going off, but no one had arrived just yet. It was a long way down where they were so it would take a while. They looked at Sil, he was still unconscious and fast asleep, but the question was for how long.

"There's going to be every Dalki on this ship here in a second, we need to do something?" Layla shouted.

"What do you want to do?" Shiro replied. "If we try to break him out now, before he wakes up, then he won't be able to use his power. He won't be able to change everyone's memory back in one go."

It was one of the major issues at hand, but so far Layla had been the decision maker, the one leading the group, so she had to make a choice.

"Are you all stupid?" Russ asked. "If we leave him here, they can still use him. At least if we take him, we have someone on our side, and he won't be stuck here. He can still use his powers. We can still win this war."VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"You're right, but doing it that way, the war continues." Ceril added. "More people that don't have to die, from all races including my own, will die."

In Russ's head that wasn't a "his problem" and more of a "them problem". As long as he survived, what did it matter? They were the ones that were risking their lives to save everyone, so if they wanted to be a little selfish for the safer option then they would have to take it.

"We will wait and see if Sil wakes up." Layla finally said. "If he doesn't wake up in half an hour, then will get out of here."

The decision had been made, even if the group was split. They had already been standing there for around five minutes or so, and there wasn't a single person who had arrived. Layla could only guess that Logan was still helping them somehow, and she was right.

Access to doors in the ship were 'Malfunctioning' leaving them no choice but to destroy part of the ship, and since the cameras were down, with the highest suspects being the intruders they were unable to see just what was going on.

Finally, Logan had also managed to access the alarm system and had shut it off. Not too long after, Logan was receiving a call, from none other than Jack.

"An alarm has been triggered in the holding room." Jack stated. "Why has the alarm suddenly been turned off?" Jack asked.

"I'm not so sure, at the moment the systems aren't working the way they are supposed to. I can only imagine that this is the work of someone with similar powers to mine." Logan answered.

"Similar and stronger powers than Logan Green?" Jack asked quite clear that he didn't like his answer. "Don't worry, we will find out soon enough."

The call ended there, as Jack stood up from his seat.

"I will see what he's up to and get the truth out of him." Jack stated.

-----

Meanwhile, down below where Sil was being held in the hallway, Dalki and humans had arrived at the scene. Even though the alarm had stopped, they had to investigate due to orders. With the two Dalki guards dead it was obvious there were real intruders so they had no choice but to come up with a plan.

"Over there!" One of the humans shouted. "It looks like the enemy is engaged with Jake and Vicky."

Putting on a show, both Jake and Vicky were using their powers in an explosive way. They were using the flashiest of the powers they had, causing a mess. It looked effective from the outside, but did next to nothing against the intruders.

It was a good way for both of them to clear their name, and explain why they were in the area as well.

"Give Jake and Vicky as much support as you can!" One of the humans shouted.

Due to the way the fight was taking place, it was hard for them to attack. At times their attacks and abilities would be used but would hit Jake or Vicky's attack instead. Of course, they were unaware that this was on purpose.

However, they couldn't stop everyone, as the Dalki charged forward, and Layla, and Russ were the ones that were really engaged in combat against them. While nearly all of them were fighting, Shiro was standing underneath where Sil was being held, he looked up and couldn't stop looking at Sil.

'Please Sil, fight this drowsiness, or whatever it is and wake up!' Shiro thought. 'Everyone is waiting for you, you are the key, you are the one that can change this whole war around with a click of your hand.'

It was frustrating, frustrating for Shiro, after all this training, after everything he did to help Sil, it was all still in his hands and there was nothing he could do.

The fighting had continued and 15 minutes had passed, with this Layla needed to make a choice, because she knew, the longer they stayed, the more dangerous it was for them.

"We can't wait any longer, we have to break Sil out!" Layla shouted.

Shiro had heard loud and clear, he tensed his fist, and there was no choice. Jumping up, he made a lighting like fist, and threw it forward shattering all of the glass. Quickly he moved on to getting all the cuffs and wires off from his body.

That was until, the whole air down below had changed, Shiro turned his head because he could feel it straight away. Down the hallway, walking past and through the Dalki, and humans there was one that was slightly larger than the others.

"H…."Layla said.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.