Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

In a way, nearly everything was going wrong, and this was because they had to think on their feet. Decisions had to be made that affected the lives of thousands, and when put in a tense situation with a lot on one's mind, it made them make mistakes.

'We should have just broken Sil out, we should have just taken him with us as soon as we found him.' Layla thought, her hand shaking and already reaching out for the sword by her side.

Memories of what had happened in the simulation had appeared. The being in front of her was someone that was a match for Sil and Quinn, she was not on their level.

"I've broken him out!" Shiro shouted, as he placed Sil on his back and jumped down. He went to join the others that had huddled together and were staring at the enemy in front of them.

Vicky and Jake, were no longer pretending to fight, and all of the other Dalki and humans had stepped to the side as soon as they saw H. It was quite clear that they had seen him in action before, and had seen what he could do with his powers.

"I can use the shadow powers, and take us all down below, or maybe the Blades can do that as well." Russ stated. "We can fight as well, but in a ship like this, our fight would probably destroy the whole thing."

Although Russ didn't sound scared, as there was always this act that he put on when speaking among the others. Due to Layla's unique power of sensing emotions in the smog above their heads that only she could see, she could tell that Russ, and not just him, all of them were worried.

'What is this energy that's flowing through the air, is it Qi that's coming off from the Dalki's body. Is that what we are all feeling and that's making it hard for us?'

"You are all making a mistake taking that man." H said as he continued to take one step at a time. When he spoke, it was almost as if a wave of Qi and power had hit them. Making it harder for them to just stand.

"No matter what, I will get him back. After all… he is part of the deal." H stated.

The group had no idea what H was talking about, but one thing was clear, that he wanted Sil, and he looked very annoyed at the fact that they were attempting to break him out.

'If it was just protecting Sil, then Russ's suggestion would work. We could even just use Minny to put Sil in her shadow for the time being, but that makes her a target, and all of us a target. Is there not a way for us to get out of here without having to fight.'

Pulling out the black blade, Layla then pointed it towards Sil's neck, and at that very moment, H had stopped advancing forward.

"You said you want him right? And I can guess that you want him alive, so if you come any closer, then this sword will go through his throat!" Layla said.

The others wondered why Layla was acting this way, they wanted to know what her plan was, but said nothing to not cause confusion to the current situation.Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

"You have managed to go through all this effort to save him, so then why would you kill him now?" H stated.

"Because I know you have the power to kill us all." Layla answered. "The only reason why you probably haven't blasted us, is because you are a bit worried you might damage the ship, and then we all go down.

"But you seem to misunderstand, I have a family, and although I do wish to save this man, my friend. My family is the most important thing to me. So if it comes between his life, our own, then that isn't a hard decision to make."

H was silent for a moment, until he had come up with an answer of his own.

"Give me the man and I will allow all of you to live." H stated.

Hearing this statement, it made one thing clear, that for H, the most important thing wasn't getting rid of them. It was keeping Sil alive and getting him back. If they handed Sil over, she knew they would have to fight anyway, she just wanted to confirm this fact.

"Stark…." Layla called out. "I'm sorry but it's come to this… it's your time to shine."

Nodding Stark knew what he needed to do. He quickly ran and grabbed Sil's body, placing it on his back. Soon after, he ran right towards H, who threw out a fist at the purple alien.

Stark was paying close attention, and moved his head narrowly avoiding the fist, and continuing to run right past him.

'Quinn brought me along for a reason, he trusted my speed, and now it's time to put it to good use.' Stark thought.

Immediately, H turned around, and he moved fast himself. It seemed like one of the abilities he held was superspeed, and was quickly running after Stark. The two of them were off, and H soon followed.

"Alright, it's time for us to get off this ship." Layla siad. "We have to trust that Stark will do a good job… we might only have around 3 minutes."

Stark continued to run through the ship not really knowing where he was going, and hot on his tail was H, who used his large body to crash through doors, hitting humans and Dalki without a second thought as he did everything he could to catch up to Stark.

His hands started to light up with lightning, and he threw out his arm, throwing out a lightning bolt toward Stark. It looked like it was ready to hit him, until he went up another gear.

'Activate the armour power, Nitro accelerate]

The fastest man in the universe had just got faster.

*****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.