Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Inside the Marpo Cruise, a flurry of hasty orders were being issued, most of them seemingly out of frustration. Jack was still furious about the explosion and the fact that he had actually been injured.

His sleeve was burnt, as was the skin beneath it. Sitting back in his office, Jack's damaged skin slowly began to heal, much like a vampire's, though he was not one.

After calming down, H visited Jack in his office to explain exactly what had happened and how Sil had managed to escape.

'This damn giant idiot!' Jack thought, as he listened to the story. 'I give him all this power, and still he is unable to catch up. Did I underestimate his power, or was it something else?'

Jack had no idea just how fast Stark was. It was hard to imagine the speed of someone who was already fast with the Nitro Accelerate Skill. He had seen how fast H was, which was why he almost thought it was a lie.

'He did want Sil's body for himself after all, so it would make sense if he was behind this as well.' Jack rubbed his forehead, fingers spread, as the stressful situation began to overwhelm him.

'No, that can't be the case. He knows that if he tried anything, I could take his powers away whenever I wished...I need to get more information from him about these people, I just need to use my soul weapon.'

"Alright, explain to me in detail, what did these people look like, and what did they say?" Chris asked.

H wasn't one for details, but he did his best to explain what he had seen. It didn't help that he hadn't seen any of them for long and wasn't interested in those who seemed weak.

After giving his explanation, H suggested a few possible identities.

"The descriptions aren't good enough to give me an idea," Jack said. "We need to keep this from Jim. He doesn't need to know about Logan or Sil for now. Otherwise, he'll just rub it in my face, stating that he was able to complete his task while I failed.

"But who would try and attempt to break out Sil? It's obvious that they got the information from Logan, who was recommended to come on this trip by Jim...has he decided to make his move? All of this is getting quite confusing."

"So, what do you want me to do?" H asked.

"For now, let's wait until we get a full report of who these people are. Then, I'll decide our next move, but either way, the priority is to get Sil back, and it would be best if we did so before Jim finds out."

In Jack's mind, he imagined that Jim was perhaps having an easy time taking over the capital. He could only guess that the forces there would be a bit stronger than those they were facing.

Little did he know that Jim was also having his own struggles in this war. Yet, both of them were reluctant to share their struggles with each other, as they were each trying to outdo the other.

Almost three days had passed since the war had first begun. "What is going on? Why are we having so much difficulty!" Jim shouted. "Never before have we been pushed this much, especially after sending the vampire leaders. Why is it so difficult?"

Jim had grown used to taking over planets with relative ease, and the whole situation had him irritated from the beginning.

"What are those useless leaders doing!" Jim continued to shout.

According to the information so far, the vampire leaders had attempted to push forward. Instead of going out on their own, they headed out in groups. However, thanks to one of the demon tier beast's special skills, with the vines fitted throughout the city, they knew the enemy's every move.

Geo used this information to focus his forces in the places where they wished to attack. Knowing the enemy's every move was a huge advantage as they could send large forces to one area and the areas close to it.

At the same time, Geo had strong legs that allowed him to use his power and jump practically anywhere he wanted in the city, enabling him to fight multiple times.

Once again, the night sky had come out as the day went on, and a meeting had been called between the vampire leaders. The meeting had been called by Hikel, but he hadn't invited all of the leaders.

Currently present were Grenlet, the third original, Edvard, the ninth original, Bianca, the fifth original, and of course, Hikel himself.

The meeting was taking place in one of the Amra buildings, which looked like a food hall of sorts, but it was in their territory they had gained, and no one else seemed to be around.

"Do you mind explaining why you have called us here, of all places, and at this time, and why haven't you called the others?" Bianca asked.

Hikel looked around. "Can't you tell what everyone who is currently present has in common?"

Grenlet felt like he had figured it out but didn't want to say anything because Edvard was there. The last time there was a mention of such a thing, a big problem had been caused, and he was fearful the same thing would happen again.

"We have run into the beasts a few times, but haven't any of you noticed there is something different about the beasts?" Hikel asked, referring to the power that surrounded their body.

"You aren't seriously suggesting this, are you?" Bianca asked.

"That power is something familiar, and it doesn't seem like these aliens have the power to control beasts. I have a feeling it is linked to the shadow ability somehow. Linked to the Punishers," Hikel suggested.

"You are a madman," Bianca shook her head. "After all this time, now and here of all places, with these aliens. They just have a power that is similar; there are plenty of creatures out there that have similar powers as each other or what we and others can do. Don't look too much into it. Isn't that right, you two?"

Bianca was looking for support from Edvard and Grenlet; however, Edvard seemed out of it, a bit lost. He had been ever since that incident.

"Useless fools," she commented.

In the middle of their conversation, they all felt the ground vibrate. It wasn't just once but consistent vibrations as if something was landing one after the other. All of them quickly headed outside and looked up at the sky, at the sight in front of them.

"What... is he doing?" Grenlet asked.

From the Marpo Cruise, it was raining black pods. Thousands of them, even larger than before, were all coming down. Every single person that could fight and didn't need to control the ship was coming down, and with this, Hikel had a pretty good guess.

"He's coming down himself; we took too long," Hikel said.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instgram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discrod: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.