Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

The Queen of the Mermerial race was bewildered by the turn of events. She had fought with all her might, but just like before, she had failed. She was ready for death, but what saddened her the most in her final moments was the fact that the Mermerial race would continue to fight even after she was gone.

She wouldn't see the outcome, nor could she change it. All she could do was hope that the others would succeed, but as she was about to give up, a strange dark shadow loomed above her, followed by a confident voice.

It had stopped the Dalki's hit.

"You can't give up!" Another voice shouted, different from the first one she had heard, and this voice she would never forget.

"As long as you're breathing, you need to keep fighting!" The voice screamed once more.

From underneath Wince, she felt a wave of red water bubbling around her, moving her away from the shadow and quickly gliding across the ground. 'This... is water, but why is it so red?' Wince thought. It felt like water, but the consistency wasn't like that of the vampire aura. She stopped sliding along the floor as she was brought directly to the person who was using their powers.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Sister... we will fight together," Ceril said, having arrived along with the others.

The group easily figured out where the fighting was taking place. They could feel it, hear it, and hear the cries of others. Some were running toward the direction of the fight, wishing to help, and that's when they had all arrived, each of them rushing off to help those in need.

Immediately, there were those who rushed to help with the five Spiked Dalki. Crashing down between one of the Blades that was about to be hit by a large arm was a leg of flames. Landing on the ground, the flames spread out, lifting right in the Dalki's face. It didn't do much damage, but it managed to push them back. Immediately standing up, he took a stance, ready.

"I'm sorry because we weren't quick enough... it looks like some of our brothers and sisters lost their lives."

The other Blades couldn't believe it as they saw the person in front of them. Of all those they were waiting for, they were happy to see him.

"Shiro!" Hide shouted. "Shiro, you're back!"

He was back, but it seemed like around fifteen members of the Blades had already died, and some were seriously injured, leaving only around thirty or so capable of fighting. It was clear even with the help of the aliens around them, that it would be too much.

"Our task is to take out one of these five Spikes!" Shiro ordered. "Leave the rest to the others."

The five Spiked Dalki were strong, and it would take all the Blades to kill one of them, just like it did for them to pass the fifty-floor mark. However, the Blades were spread thin because there were five of them. If they were all concentrating on one, who would be fighting the rest?

When the Blades looked around, concerned for how the other Dalki would react, they realized they had nothing to worry about because there was more help than they realized.

One of the five Spike Dalki dashed forward, throwing out a fist at the human who got in his way. But with a stomp of his foot, the earth rose and hardened, creating a unique type of metal that absorbed the hit and soon started to wrap around the Dalki's arm.

There was only one person in the whole world who was capable of doing this, combining two powers into one.

"I've heard many stories about the Dalki's strength in the past. I was even able to see it firsthand, but it's safe to say that I think I'm strong enough to take you on," Jake smiled.

On the enemy side, the humans and Dalki had refrained from entering the square. They knew the strength of the others and feared being caught up in the fighting. They wouldn't be much help and would likely get killed in the process. But seeing who was helping out the aliens confused them. Jake was a well-known figure among the humans, so why was he fighting against the Dalki? Why was he going against Earth's forces?

It started to raise questions in their heads. Were they betrayed? Did they find out something they didn't know? Because it wasn't just Jake fighting on the other side.

Two other influential figures for the human race stood against a five-spiked Dalki. Logan Green, along with his wife Vicky Blade Green.

"It's been a while since I've fought on the front lines like this," Logan commented. "I'm sorry if I get in your way or slow you down."

"Don't be like that," Vicky replied. "I was the one who trained you long ago, remember? With the two of us together, we won't lose this fight."

Seeing Logan was perhaps the biggest shock to the humans in the Dalki army. This was because Logan was essentially the leader of Earth. Although a lot of memories had been changed, putting a lot of achievements on Jack and Jim, Logan's influence was too high to just replace.

He continued to be the leader of Green City, the capital of Earth, and was well-liked by the people. The people's favour of him only grew now that there was no longer an influence from the group Pure.

Seeing this, it was hard for them to imagine that Logan Green would just switch sides for no reason.

"What is going on? Why is Logan fighting for them?"

"Well, don't you think it's weird that there were other humans fighting with the aliens in the first place?"

"That's because they must be working with them to open the portals to the demon's territory!" Another claimed.

"That can't be it. Logan would never do that, and it's not just him, but his whole family is involved."

"I did manage to get a report from the cruise ship. It seems like the androids that had been brought on board were going haywire and attacking everyone. That's why we haven't managed to get more support from them as well."

"So it's true... they really are attacking us."

"That's the thing. I'll be honest, I'm not too sure. I've been getting reports from those on the inside. The androids were just attacking the black pods and ships. They would harm some of the Dalki, as well as other things in the base, but none of the humans had been killed. They had only been injured.

"Based on that, I can't believe that Logan would betray us. Something is up. We need to ask Jack what's going on. Get in touch with him and report this. We need answers."

Even without Sil changing everyone's memories, there was a tide in the war that was slowly changing.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instgram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discrod: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.