Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

There were many strong helpers that had come to the market square on the planet, and because of this, the Amra, Mermerials, and Penswi that were watching the fight from the sidelines were starting to back off a little.

Although they could see that the new allies that had come to help them were strong, there was still a bit of worry about the others that were facing the five spike Dalki. For one, Wince and Ceril, the two sisters, knew they were no match for Pine.

However, they still were some of the strongest that were currently on the planet, and perhaps with both of their strength, they could take on one of the five spike's that they were going up against.

"The water power and the power Quinn gives me, I will do my best to heal myself," Wince said, as she stomped her trident into the ground. A blue energy started to surround her, and slowly she was feeling herself being rejuvenated.

"I'm sorry, sister, but the last fight I had took a lot out of me, so you will have to do the best to hold it off for now."

Ceril walked in front of her sister, and the water started to flow into her hands. Soon, the water hardened, turning into an ice-like structure. Now in her hands there were two red swords, and at the same time, a wave of red liquid was behind her.

"A lot has changed for me compared to the past," Ceril replied. "You don't have to worry about me too much anymore."

The five spikes came rushing towards her, and with it, Ceril thrust her two blood swords. At the same time, waves of what looked like red water spun around her weapon, hitting the Dalki. It crashed into it, blocking its view, and on the surface of the water, small sharp spikes started to appear, piercing the skin of the Dalki. Jumping up in the air, Ceril started to spin down as she swung her sword on top of the Dalki's head. Waves of water were following her and crashed onto the Dalki. It was a powerful hit that sunk the Dalki's foot into the ground.

However, it still wasn't enough to kill a Dalki. This was a five spike, after all, one of the most feared out there and although it didn't have any special traits like the leaders of the old, it did have something else.

Pushing through the wave of water, the Dalki was bleeding all over with its green blood, but still had plenty of vitality left in it. Opening its mouth, a green liquid started to bubble inside.

Throwing its head back and then forward, a large green substance came out. A shield of blood water was created to stop the attack, but the green liquid went right through it and made a hissing sound as if it was burning.

Quickly moving out of the way, with her newfound vampire speed, Ceril dodged the green liquid that hit the floor. The hissing sound continued, and the ground looked to be sinking in the area it had hit.

'An acid… and not just any acid, it looks like a strong one as well.'

While looking at the acid, Ceril was distracted as the Dalki was already right next to her with a fist right by her head.

'It moved this fast… but it wasn't this fast before?'

The injuries to the Dalki had only made it stronger. With the blood water she raised around her face, she tried to gather all her energy there. The Dalki's fist swung out at her head, hitting the water that was covering her face, and causing it to splatter in all directions.

She could feel blood fill her mouth as her cheek had been pushed up against her teeth. Her head was rattling and the shock of the blow was making it hard for her to stand.

'It hurts… It really hurts. Even with me blocking most of the attack with my powers. Just how strong are these creatures?'

Concerned for Ceril, the Mermerials that were watching started to use their blasters. The sharp jets of water hit the Dalki but it was nothing more than a mosquito bite, as it went forward again, now with both arms ready to crush Ceril.

An object went flying past Ceril and straight into the stomach of the Dalki. It stayed in place for a second, allowing her to see what it was: a trident.

It pushed back the Dalki before the trident moved back and went safely back to its owner's hands.

"We will fight this one together. We can do it," Wince stated.

For those who were watching due to the importance of the people behind fighting, there was great concern, but there was also great worry about another one that was going up against the last five spike Dalki.

That was because the image they were seeing just didn't make sense to them. In front of one of the five spike Dalki was a little girl who looked around the age of 8 or so.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"I can't believe it!" Minny said, as she looked at the Dalki. "Mum finally trusts me to take on an opponent on my own. I have to do a good job so I don't distract her."

The Dalki that was facing her was slightly confused as well, but in the end, it didn't care for who its opponent was, even if it was just a little girl. It charged forward, and with a swing towards the floor, it hit nothing but the air.

"Minny is going to do a good job!" she said, in her transformed celestial state, right behind the Dalki.

Just as the others trusted each other to be strong enough to take out the Dalki, Pine also trusted his fellow members to have no trouble taking out those around them. He had no idea of their opponent's strength, but they had no trouble in the past, so why would they have trouble now?

The real troublesome one was the person who was in front of him. "You show no fear," Pine said.

Russ shrugged his shoulders, hearing these words. "I have seen a lot of scary things in my life, and I seem to lately be fighting all the time with my life on the line, so there is no difference now."

Although Russ' power was strong, without an unlimited amount of MC cells, he had to be careful about using his power. What would be the best way to take out his opponent? Summoning things from people's minds, using powers that the others had, or using their own power against them?

If he had an unlimited amount of MC cells, then he would simply try all of the above, but he was unable to. His MC amount had increased greatly due to the nest crystals, and now he could perhaps even transform himself into a seven spike like Pine, but for how long? And if he didn't defeat him, then he would be stuck.

"Let's see how you handle this!" Pine lifted both of his hands in the air, and doing so, it was a signal.

The Dalki and the humans started to use their powers, firing it all toward him and aiming it toward his hands. As it did, the power would swirl and seemingly disappear.

"Is it an absorption power... or the power to block attacks?" Russ thought.

He needed to learn about Pine's power before he could use it for himself.

"Goodbye," Pine said.

He moved both hands, and all the energy he had absorbed fired out of them as a pure energy blast, heading straight towards Russ. It was an immense amount of power that burnt the ground to cinders and looked as if it was doing the same to the air.

"I need to move!" Russ thought, but then he saw someone step in front of him, and he no longer needed to move.

A female with a black sword stood there still. She drew her weapon and started to spin it. The energy blast crashed into the sword and turned into nothing. The blast continued until it completely disappeared, and Layla was standing there strong with the blade by her side.

"Your job is to protect me, right?" Layla said. "Then it only makes sense that the best way for us to fight is if we take on the same opponent together."

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.