Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Fights were going off in all sections of the square, and it was a good thing that most of the materials and buildings on the Amra planet were several times sturdier than what would be used on Earth.

Because the shockwaves alone would have been enough to blow away nearly a whole city on Earth, but these were still standing, although hardly, as several pieces would crumble now and then from the shockwaves.

If a stray hit from nearly any of the Dalki would land, then it would easily destroy a few buildings nearby or off into the distance; that was how much power was in each of those hits. It was just when watching, it was hard to remember that.

A strange occurrence had occurred because of the fights though, and that was that the fights had practically stopped in the city. The Alliance of Alien's forces had been pushed back to the point where they had next to no territory.

After getting past the market square, there was really only the base of operations for the alliance. They had been pushed that far back, and if the others hadn't arrived, then the battle would have been lost already.

Now, though, all of the remaining members of the alliance were watching on the edge of the market square, and it was the same for the attackers. The strength on display of what they were seeing made it clear.

This fight was going to determine who would win the battle, at least the one on this planet.

The attention of the attackers, the humans, and the Dalki was focused on one of the fights in particular, as they were fighting within, only differing as to who to root for.

One of the 5 Spikes had leapt up in the air with both hands held above its head. On the ground below, Logan had transformed one of his arms into a blaster. At this point, having been able to live for so long, he was more machine parts than he was human.

The blaster fired large beams of energy, all of them hitting the Dalki in the head. Six good hits landed and showed scorch marks on the skin of the enemy, but it did nothing to deter his opponent.

"I'm sure that can't be good for the brain. Even if you have a skull that is five times thicker than humans, the attacks will still rattle the inside of your small brain!" Logan commented.

The arms swung, and appearing by his side quickly in a blink was Vicky. She held Logan, and then both of them disappeared as the Dalki's fist smashed into the floor. When they reappeared, they were right behind the Dalki.

With his Dalki-made hand, Logan swung it, hitting the Five Spike on the side of his head, while Vicky went for a flaming kick. Both of them crashed at the same time, surely causing a large amount of damage.

Lifting its hands, the Dalki had grabbed onto Logan's Dalki hand, and the flame licked off Vicky, almost as if it did nothing to it.

Quickly, Vicky reached out with her hand, touching Logan, and the two of them disappeared again, moving away a bit further from the Dalki this time.

"A Five Spike Dalki is really this tough. After all this time, I thought I would have gained the strength to kill one of these on our own. I mean, my own son seems to have passed me in that department," Vicky glanced to the side and could see Jake was doing very well on his own.

"It took all of us, including Hilston himself and Sil, to take on a Five Spike last time. Yet we have all grown in strength, but we have to remember how dangerous these opponents are," Logan explained. "Besides, have you noticed something?"

The Dalki was looking around trying to find where Vicky and Logan were because every time the Dalki saw them, Vicky would use one of her powers, the power of teleportation, to move them around.

"The attacks we originally hit on the Dalki, there are now no marks, no signs of bleeding. At the same time, the Dalki's strength has remained the same, stagnant rather than growing like usual," Logan explained.

"So what do you think it is?" Vicky asked.

"I believe he has a healing ability. A strong one, but one without a switch. The Dalki is unable to turn it on and off, meaning whatever damage we do, it will just heal. This could be good news or bad news either way you look at it."

In a way, it meant the Dalki they were dealing with right now wouldn't get any more difficult to deal with. This was the extent of its strength. However, for the two of them that didn't have a large single output of power and wore their enemies down, it meant this would be a long and tedious fight, perhaps an endless on their end.

"What abilities do you currently have?" Logan asked.

"Teleportation, fire, and healing," Vicky answered.

She was able to hold three abilities at once, but when combined with her twin Pai, they could hold a total of six abilities, even more than Sil. It was what made her and her brother unique. The problem was she had no idea where her brother was, and it wasn't as if he was going to appear out of nowhere and help out with this battle.

'Healing, I guess she can never hide that soft spot of hers,' Logan thought. 'Other than providing more MC cells, it won't do much in terms of attack, but she's worried about if we get hurt in this fight.'

"Do your best for a little bit… and don't get hurt," Logan said as he broke away from Vicky. She didn't ask what he was planning to do and just trusted him because since the two of them had been together, it always seemed to work that way.

Vicky teleported right next to the Dalki with a flaming kick and threw it out. It hit the head of the Dalki but just like the time before, did little damage.

'While teleporting, it's difficult to build up momentum in my attacks, but it's the safer thing to do, to make sure I can get away and not be hit,' Vicky thought. 'But if we don't come up with a bigger and stronger attack, what are we meant to do?'

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Teleporting around the Dalki, Vicky was able to move faster than the Dalki, hitting its legs and other body parts. Without it getting hurt, it also meant that it would never be able to catch up with her speed due to it not moving faster.

Teleporting upwards into the air, Vicky spun her body in flames, then she started to fall down. From the sky, it looked like a flaming bird, and it soon crashed right into the top of the Dalki's head with her heel hitting the head. Using her teleportation ability, she got out of there quickly and was huffing and panting.

'I hope that finished it off.'

****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.