Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

'I've used up a lot of MC cells, the constant teleportation is taking a lot out of me. I think… I might be able to avoid around three more hits, and that's it. Please let this attack have done something.'

When the Dalki turned around, its body still somewhat covered in flames, part of its face could be seen slightly melted, and in front of her eyes, it was going back together, turning back to what it was in one piece.

"You have done a good job," Logan said, as he held his hand out. But it didn't look the same as it did before. Instead of a blaster at the end of it, it had transformed into a large long thick barrel, with a blaster at the end.

It was at least five metres long. Then there were several other things around him as well. They were androids. Each of them was touching each other and placing their hand on Logan. There looked to be around fifty of them.

During the fight, Logan was still in control of the androids that had been going rampant on the ship. Ever since he got on the planet, they had been trying to make an escape and make their way here. Crashing in the black pods like originally intended, now they were here to support him.

With his soul weapon, he could change the structure of the original androids, using all their bodies, and his own body to create a powerful weapon. Then with all the high-tier crystals in their body, including the high-tier crystals Logan had on himself, he would draw out all the energy inside them to give out one powerful blast.

'The android will be useless after this, and using this many androids at once along with my soul weapon will use up a lot of my MC cells, but I need to at least do my part.'

The energy was all transferred through each android and into Logan, and blasted out the end of the long barrel. The energy blast hit the entire body of the Dalki, and was pushing him.

It was burning off the front of his skin, and at the same time, its ability could be seen activating, trying to heal him. While his skin was in the middle of being healed, it was also breaking down again, and the green blood was dripping.

The green blood from the Dalki was dripping down his feet and creating a pool of blood. Seeing this, Vicky was starting to get extremely worried.

"Oh no!" Vicky said as she got up off the ground.

Throughout the whole fight so far, the Dalki was unable to use its natural trait: the more hurt it was, the stronger it got. It was all because of the healing. Now, the healing ability was kicking in, but it was slower than the damage it was receiving at the moment.

Yet, the attack wasn't strong enough to take out the Dalki in one go, and it appeared as if it was getting stronger by the second.

The Dalki started to fight back, pushing against the energy blast and taking one step forward. Its body was still hurt, but it moved forward, going closer to Logan.

"Damn it," Logan said, gritting his teeth as blood poured out of his mouth slightly. For him, this was also painful. He didn't have a special body other than the parts he had changed and his somewhat Dalki self running through him.

This much energy still passing through his human parts was affecting him; it was hurting him. The energy from the androids didn't pass through Logan's body for long, since it would then come out of the blaster, but it was constantly passing through him at the moment.

His insides felt like they were going to burst, and with another cough, more blood came out of his mouth.

"Logan!" Vicky shouted out and teleported right to his side. She then started to use what she could of her healing ability on him. Her hand started to glow as she touched his body.

"That feels a lot better," Logan smiled.

"Shut up, don't talk!" Vicky said back. "I don't understand you. How can you do so much, how can you trust the memories of the machine so much, that you are willing to put yourself through this?

"We did a lot for them already, we don't have to fight this hard. For someone we can't even remember if he was our friend or not."

Logan understood what Vicky was saying. Even if he watched a video, a simulation of everything that happened, of the truth that happened, to a human that's all it would be. The memories and experiences in their heads were certainly different, that was the bigger reality.

Yet, Logan ignored the reality in his head and was putting trust in something else, and now was trusting that so much, to put his life on the line.

"It's a feeling," Logan said. "Do you know, I went through the memory chamber I left behind. It's an advanced piece of equipment my family left."

Logan was finding it hard to talk, and Vicky was in pain just looking at him, as the Dalki continued to push forward step by step.

"I used that device a lot, uploading my own experiences onto it and I have to say. Because of him, because of Quinn my life was extremely interesting… he was there with me all the way Vicky.

"I tried to run simulations, based on what I knew, of what would have happened if I never met him. Apparently, without him, I would have been dead by now. I would have never run into you either, it was because of him the two of us first met.

"I know I'm not good at expressing how I feel, I know it's hard for me to show emotions on my face, but I could tell by watching my memories, when I was with him, I never felt happier."Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

A last final push at that moment was displayed. The androids from behind started to fall over one by one as all of the energy was taken out of them in one go. It was passing through like a line of dominoes, and all of it was heading toward Logan.

With Vicky now healing him, it meant his body could take that bit more. The blast of energy erupted from the barrel, and it completely consumed the Dalki that was only two metres away.

It disintegrated every part of its body, making it turn into nothing, and the blast continued on, hitting the buildings going straight forward. It destroyed everything in its path, even reaching the edge of the planet and slightly into space before disappearing.

When it did, Logan stood there, the bodies of androids on the ground behind him.

He turned to look at Vicky, who was in tears shaking her head.

"I… I… ran out of MC cells… I had no more energy to heal you," Vicky managed to say, through her tearful eyes, as she could see blood dripping out of Logan's mouth, falling down his chest.

"I know," Logan said, falling and being caught in Vicky's arms.

******

***

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.