Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Logan was a small person in the first place, but when his body fell, it had landed on Vicky relatively heavily, due to the parts inside his body. However, this had caused a large fear to run right through her mind: was it dead weight?

"Logan… Logan…" Vicky called out a few times. She was speaking directly into his ear, trying to get some type of response out of him, but there was nothing there; there was no reply.

Trying to act as calmly as she could to the situation, she took in a deep breath that was a bit shaky, and placed him on the ground. She did so slowly, feeling that any sudden movements might just be the end of him.

"Logan, you're going to be okay, I promise. You won't die here, not in some useless war!" Vicky somewhat shouted.

Placing both of her hands together, she started to focus. She still had the healing ability; for a few seconds, her hands were seen glowing. The second she opened her eyes, though, the glowing stopped completely.

"No… no! Come on!" Vicky shouted. "I know I have power in me, my heart is still beating; use that, use anything, and just give me some power!"

Vicky's hands started to glow with the ability once again, but it disappeared even quicker this time. Due to the fight she had, she was completely drained of her MC cells; she had nothing.

Looking around, she wondered if any of the others could help. It was important for Logan to get seen as quickly as possible if there was any chance of helping him, but everyone was busy. They needed their focus; she bit her lip and was about to open it when she could see three Dalki coming right toward her.

They weren't five spikes, but two and three spike Dalki, those that had been watching the fight from the sidelines and had been watching everything carefully. They knew about Logan, and from what they could see, he was an incredibly big threat.

In their heads, it was best for them to get rid of this large threat before he became an even bigger problem for them.

'Why now of all times… I still only have a little bit of energy in my body, the best I can do is pick up and try to run with Logan, but without the teleportation power, they'll just catch up to me in no time.'

What else could she do? She wasn't just going to give up, and that's why she had decided to pick up Logan there and then. As she guessed, the Dalki were now right in front of her, though.

"Don't touch us!" Vicky screamed at them. "I'll make sure every single one of you disappear!"

An energy was rising in her, but it was all useless. Until, landing right in front of her, were three other figures that were all just as large as the Dalki themselves. They stood there like a strong wall, and on their shoulders, there were those with blaster guns as well.

It was the Mermerials along with the Amra. With their large arms, they clashed against the Dalki, all of them pushing back, while the Mermerials used their weapons and blades to try and cut and fight against the Dalki.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"We aren't going to let those people, these strangers that are risking their lives for our planet, just die in front of our eyes!" One of the Amra shouted as he moved the Dalki's hand away and punched it hard right in its head, spilling out green blood.

Since Logan and Vicky were fighting in one area, it had somewhat allowed space in the marketplace for fighting to resume. The two of them were safe for now, but the problem still wasn't over.

In fact, if they stayed here, it was more likely that they would get caught up in some type of crossfire, and that's when she could feel it.

"His heartbeat… it's getting weaker."

Vicky placed Logan back on the ground once again, there and there, and placed her head up against his chest.

"NOOO!" Vicky shouted. "Someone, help!"

Caught up in the fight, everyone was already doing the best they could to help.

"We can help." A shaky voice said from the side.

When she turned her head, she could see five humans standing there, four men and one woman, but the clothes they were wearing and the fact that they were human meant one thing: they were part of the other side. The side that was helping out the Dalki.

"I know you might not trust us, but all of us here are originally from Green City," one of the men said.

"We have healing powers and medical skills that can help," the woman said.

"You might not trust us, and we understand if you don't. Because the truth is, we don't really understand it either… Why we're deciding to do this, but what we do know is that Logan Green is a good person, and we have a chance to save him, so we want to save him."

It was risky. The whole thing could have easily been a trick. If they got their hands on Logan, they could finish him off. But what else could she do? No one else could get through the fighting to come toward them.

The more time that went past, the more likely he was to die anyway.

"I'll be watching you closely," Vicky said. "If you try to do anything funny, I'll kill you in an instant… but please save him."

The five of them nodded as they quickly went to Logan's side. In the meantime, Vicky herself would try to recover as quickly as possible as well.

———

One of the fights that were going a bit well for the group against the five spike Dalki was one with the small little Talen.

Minny had been using her speed to her advantage, she was faster than the Five Spike in her celestial form, and with her sharp red blood claws infused with her blood and celestial power, she could rip through the tough Dalki skin.

There were several cuts and large slashes across the Dalki's body everywhere. Once again, Minny ran up and slid across the ground going right through the Dalki's legs. She then jumped up in the air and dug her fingernails deep into the Dalki.

From there, she dragged her hand downward as hard as she could, creating a deep cut from the Dalki's shoulder to the spikes on its back. It quickly swung its hand behind its head trying to hit Minny, but she was already on the floor, running away once again.

"That… was a little close. Daddy always used to say these guys got stronger and faster the more they were hurt. I guess he was right." Minny said.

All of those fighting against the Dalki were having a difficult problem because it was the first time they were going up against an opponent like this… one that was able to get stronger the more they were hurt. On top of that, they were resilient, so unless they had an attack that would kill the Dalki in one go, it would mean their opponent was only getting stronger.

Thinking this, Minny started to run quickly with both of her claws shining red. She jumped up in the air, and when she did, the Dalki slammed its foot into the ground, breaking the floor beneath it and throwing several rocks into the air.

Minny swung her hands, and the claws were able to break through all of the rocks with ease. Using her small feet, she had even pushed one that was behind her to go right for the Dalki. She threw out her fist hard but, rather than hitting the Dalki, it hit nothing but a large ice wall.

'An ability, but he hasn't used an ability this whole fight?' Minny thought.

"I was waiting to grow my power. What's the point of wasting such power until I'm not at my strongest!"

The Dalki threw out a fist, but a shadow from Minny managed to go in front of her. It covered the punch, but the Dalki was also ready with an ice fist he created from that grew from the right side of the ground, hitting her and causing her to skid across the floor.

Minny quickly got up, though only a small mark had been made, and was ready to fight back until she saw something that widened her eyes.

"Who are you!" The Dalki said, staring at a little boy who looked at most two years of age.

"Galen!" Minny shouted, wondering how he had appeared. The only answer was, he had come out of her shadow.

****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.