Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

The situation for the entire alliance was looking grim as reports had been sent back to the Mermerial Elders as well as the Penswi King and Queen. All of the races knew that they were at war with a frightening enemy.

Many had sent off their loved ones knowing there was a chance that they might never see them again, but they did so proudly.

The Alliance army was concentrated among three planets, with Wince taking charge as a whole. However, so far, there was next to no life on one planet, with Earth as the victors.

On another, the Dalki and humans were proving too much and had pushed all the forces back to one place. It felt like it was only a matter of time until they lost another planet as well.

Then there was the planet which had the most chaos surrounding it, a push back and forth, a fight that could have either side winning. Because of the news so far, the Penswi and the Mermerials were worried.

This fear also went on to Stark, who was in the room looking at Sil lying there on the bed. He had been walking back and forth, trying to see if there were any signs of him waking up at all.

Stark had even gone to extreme measures, he pulled both of Sil's eyelids open, he grabbed two large metal objects and clanged them together, but he still remained unmoving.

"Why won't you wake up? Do you even know how many people are relying on you right now?" Stark asked.

He had been talking to Sil a few times, updating him on the situation. Maybe there was a chance he could hear everything he was saying, and just maybe it would inject some type of fighting spirit that would wake him up.

In the end, though, there were no signs at all. Sil was still breathing, and his heart was still beating, so he felt like he should at least be thankful for that. The problem was just sitting there, the time passing by with so many thoughts in his head, it was killing Stark.

Especially with his mind that allowed him to process information quicker, just like with movement and so on, it meant he could come up with imagery of multiple disastrous situations in his head.

"Arghh!" Stark said, grabbing the sides of his head. He was about to hit the wall out of frustration but stopped as his ears picked up something, a thud that could be heard slightly off in the distance.

Looking out from the building window, Stark could see the air slightly distorted by heat. It was concentrated in one area, and when one saw this, it usually meant a ship had landed.

"Stay here," Stark said, smiling to himself because he knew that Sil could do nothing but stay in one place.

Leaving the building, Stark thought it was important he checked out what was happening. The planet was empty the last time he checked. There was also still a ship for them to use and transport to another planet. But if another force or attackers had been sent and destroyed their ship, it would be bad news.

Stark would run on the ground in short blasts, taking cover behind buildings and large rocks that were just randomly placed on the street. The Amra planets were just set up this way. He wouldn't complain as it was handy for him in this type of situation.

He continued to go forward until he eventually could hear the sound of others. He quickly rushed out to one of the main streets and hid behind a wall that was around one metre high, bending down.

"The enemy, they returned, but why would they bother coming back to somewhere like here?" Stark thought.

He could see a group of ten, and it was a mixture of humans along with Dalki. The humans that were with them, although wearing beast gear for safety, didn't exactly look like fighters and had quite a few objects on them that didn't look like weapons either.

In fact, the four Dalki seemed to be more so escorting the group of people, and there were two fighters on top of that, while the rest were using the strange devices.

'Are they researchers?' Stark wondered. 'So why have they come here?'

Listening in, he would stay close while gathering information.

"These four armed aliens are a little bit heavy, do you mind moving them for me?" one of the researchers asked, looking at the Dalki.

The Dalki looked the human up and down, and almost looked like he hesitated. Stark wasn't the only one who noticed this, as one of the other guards who was human walked forward.

"Listen to the researcher, you know that there are Jack's orders, or do you want me to inform him that you aren't capable of following orders?" the human asked.

With no complaints, the Dalki continued and lifted up the Amra, placing him in front of the scientist, who used the strange devices to examine the body. They weren't just doing this for the Amra, but with the Mermerials and the Penswi as well.

"Well, it's quite clear from what we have so far that these are three distinct races. I doubt they are even from the same sector here," one of the researchers stated.

"I would agree, it makes you wonder how these three races even came together in the first place. The stone-like creatures who seem to be the inhabitants of these planets don't seem to have advanced enough technology to communicate or travel outward."

VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"It isn't our job to figure out why," another researcher added. "It's our job to figure out where they came from. If they aren't from this planet, then no doubt they will become the next target, as they were most likely working with these guys to summon demons."

Judging from their conversation, it was quite clear that the Penswi and Mermerials had been added to Earth's hit list, but they were going to be added anyway. There was no need for Stark to get involved though, hopefully, after they were done with their research, they would leave the planet.

Just as Stark was about to leave, though, he could hear the human guards having a conversation that interested him quite a bit.

"Hey man, aren't you scared about talking to the Dalki like that? I mean, these guys are strong, and if you get on their bad side, I don't think they would be scared to take us out." The man bumped his friend, looking nervous, and was looking around to see if the Dalki were listening.

"The Dalki, you don't have to worry about them. If you just mention Jack's name, then they'll do what they're told. You know they listen to everything he says." The man replied back confidently.

"Still, the Dalki used to be the enemy of mankind. Do you really think they can just follow another human like so? I mean, even if he's done a lot for them, why would they listen to him so much that they wouldn't even hurt us?" The other replied back.

This time, the other man looked around to see if the Dalki were listening in.

"Alright, this is just a rumour, so take what I say with a pinch of salt. But if it wasn't true, then I think I would have been flattened by now, just like you said." The man spoke.

"You know how all of the Dalki have powers now, right? This is all because of Jack himself. He had to give power to each and every one of them, and that includes the two big guys, Pine and H.

"The Dalki that don't have powers follow these two, but the two of them follow Jack, as well as the other strong Dalki, all because of his soul weapon. Apparently, Jack has the power to take away any ability he has given, with his soul weapon.

"These Dalki care about strength more than anything, and their new powers are what allows them to top one another. So a mention of taking a power away, and these guys will do anything you say."

Stark had heard every word, and in his head, he was processing the information at a quick rate.

'Can't this change the whole outcome of the war? This whole time, we were going after Sil to revert the memories, but without the machine, he can't do that in mass, but if we were to go after Jack. Can't we force him to take all the powers away from the Dalki?' Stark thought.

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.