Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Stark was standing right by the entrance, staring at the person standing up. His figure was frail; he didn't have much muscle on his body, while his hair had grown long and was slightly ragged.

They had been waiting for this person to wake up for a long time... a being that was said to have the power to stop the war. Of course, Stark trusted Quinn and his friends, which was why he did everything he could to save this person, but his appearance made him wonder, could he still be that person?

His captors had barely kept him alive from the looks of things, making him weak on purpose. From the looks of things, it was a surprise he was even standing, and a big question loomed over Stark's head: did he still have his memories? Was he a friend or foe?

Sil stopped looking out of the window and turned around, facing the purple man. His eyes didn't show much sign of life as he looked him up and down.

"That armour... why do you have that armour?" Sil asked, then started to look at the surroundings of the room. It was clear that he hadn't been awake for long, which was a good thing. Otherwise, there was a good chance that Stark would have lost him.

"Wait, there are more important things. Where are we? What planet are we on, and how did I even escape that place?" Sil asked.

Stark was thinking about a good place to start their conversation, but he was happy that the human didn't consider him an enemy at first sight.

"I know you must have a lot of questions, but the others, they told me to make sure of one thing before I said anything to you. Do you know a person called Quinn Talen?" Stark asked.

As Sil went to open his mouth, a large explosion went off in the background, and several buildings started to crumble. It didn't seem to be too far away either, around half a mile away.

"They still haven't given up!" Stark furrowed his eyebrows. "If they continue forward, they're going to find the ship. I'm sorry, but I need to do something first. Please stay here. I know you don't have your answers, but I promise you one thing... I am on your side. I... no, we have been waiting for you to wake up."

Stark ran off in a blink, and turning his head around, Sil could see him from outside of the window. He also noticed several other dead bodies that looked similar to the purple man, as well as other alien races.

'This place, I've been here before, but why would I be here? Just what is happening?'

------

The four Dalki were using their strength to destroy building after building with a single hit. They didn't care about what they were doing, and the researchers were starting to get a little concerned about what was happening.

"Is this really necessary?" one of them asked, his voice shaky. Unlike the guards who had perished, they hadn't heard the rumour, nor had any idea why the Dalki were working for Jack and helping them.

During their time observing the Dalki, they felt more like hungry, power-hungry beasts rather than humans that could be rationalised with, which was why they approached them in a gentle manner.

"There might be others that are still alive in the area or hanging by a thread that we can get our answers from. Destroying everything like this might not benefit us at all."

The Dalki, who had originally chased Stark, who had a longer tongue than the others, turned around. They had all stopped destroying things for a second.

"For a researcher, you're certainly not using your brains," one of the Dalki replied. "For as fast as that purple man was, when did he slow down? And on top of that, why hasn't he left this city if he's scared for his life?"

"The answer is simple. He's trying to protect something. He was luring us away! Maybe he's gathered a whole group of them already. Just shut up and don't complain. We are all doing the same job."

When the Dalki turned around, a large smile appeared on his face because it looked like his plan had worked. Stark was standing in front of them all.

"I understand now, all of you won't give up until you find me. Little did you guys know, I was the one that was giving you a chance," Stark said, walking forward.

The Dalki welcomed the challenge and was excited that this person would face up to him. When he was in range, he kicked off his back foot, going forward with a punch. With Stark's amazing speed, it was simple to dodge, and his sharp hands went to rip through his body.

The idea was to penetrate the Dalki, but instead, the drill-like claw that Stark was using was almost pushed back by the hard muscles and skin. In the end, it made a shallow cut against the Dalki's ribs.

"B*stard!" the Dalki shouted as he swung his arm back but hit nothing but the air. Once again, Stark used his hands to create cut after cut.

"The strength the armour is giving me, and my speed allows me to create quite a powerful hit. Yet against some of these Dalki, it's still difficult!" Stark thought.

Out of anger, Stark shoved his hands, and this time, they penetrated his back going in around three inches. With his hands rapidly moving, he had pierced the Dalki six times before it could react.

Stark jumped backward, and when he did, there was another Dalki ready to grab him. It swung both of its arms shut but was still unable to do anything as Stark moved again. The remaining two went to attack, but Stark avoided both of them as well, and he now was looking at four angry faces toward him.

"I have the title as the fastest in the universe," Stark stopped himself there as he remembered his recent loss. "I have the title of the fastest Penswi. If I allowed you guys to lay a finger on me, then I would never be able to live up to that name."

Stark was delaying at the moment, but he didn't really have a plan. Would he have to try and defeat four Dalki on his own? How could he do that when he was barely able to injure them?

"Are you guys going to do anything?" the Dalki shouted, trying to get the researchers to act.

Little did he know, they were already acting. Several of them had their hands on the ground, and looking at the floor, Stark could feel something different underneath his feet. His body was sinking in.

When looking down, the ground beneath him had almost turned into a paste-like mud. He lifted his feet, which he could do, but trying to move them forward was impossible. He was being dragged down and just sucked into the floor more.

The researchers had been selected for this task for a reason. Knowing that the traits of one of the alien races were speed and the fact that they would have to trap subjects, they had prepared for this.

"Nowhere to run now. I'm going to enjoy my time with you," the Dalki licked his face with his large tongue.

Stark was struggling to get out at first, before the Dalki reached him, but then suddenly stopped as he could see someone out on the field.

'When did he get here?' Stark thought.

The Dalki noticed that the purple man's gaze was not on him, but what was focused behind him.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"What are you looking at?" The Dalki turned his head, and could see a man in white robes, almost frail and sick looking, like a hospital patient.

The frail man's arms started to light up with lighting, spiralling around both of his arms, then four of his finger tips soon started to glow bright blue, almost turning into a white light.

"That man, I need to speak to him, so get out of my way." Sil said.

Four sparks came out from his finger, producing lighting bolts. With it, a thunderous bang erupted in the area. The researchers' ears exploded with blood, falling to the floor, and as for the Dalki, each of them had a large hole in their chest, where the lightning had struck, and they soon fell to the ground dead.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.