Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2247  The weapon master

Peter was just seconds away from dealing with Nock, one of the Amra that had celestial energy that had been gifted to him. The demon-tier shadow beast had been trying to aid in the background, but the vines were useless to Peter's head tail that was able to cut through nearly everything that came his way.

In the end, before he could reach his target, a spear had come out, stabbing him right through the stomach. The force was strong in the attack and had managed to push him back.

Using his hands and strength, Peter had managed to stop the spear from spinning, but it had ripped the skin of his hands, and the spear had still penetrated right through his body. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

'This spear… it managed to cut through my power that is covering my hands and body.' Peter thought. It was the first time he had been hurt in such a way, and there was something else he had noticed as well.

Initially, he thought the spear had to at least be on the demon tier level. Otherwise, why would it be able to generate that much power? Perhaps it was due to the person who threw it, but even then, Peter reckoned he was one of the strongest beings in existence.

So the only way for him to be pushed back was a combination of powers at play, but now holding onto the spear, he could tell it wasn't that great. So much so that with his strength, he broke both ends of the spear and allowed it to drop to the floor.

Soon, the hole in his body was starting to heal.

"What fucking stupid human has decided to get involved in my fight?"

It was a question that not just Peter had, but the Amra around as well, as they did not recognize this person. But to Geo, he had just saved Nock's life, and in a time like this, rather than ask questions, he saw him as an ally.

The man in question was covered from head to toe in weapons. The armour on his chest had strange circle devices that were embedded into it. Around his wrist, there looked to be multiple small daggers, and he even had gloves that looked to be hiding something on them.

Then on his back, there were still two spears that could be seen on top of a few swords along with a greatsword. Even along the side of his leg, there were compartments for different types of weapons.

This was someone who was clearly ready for action.

"That man…" Chris said as certain memories were starting to flood into his head. Although Peter had seen Sera before, it was brief and for a short while. At the time, he was also pretty well hidden.

For Chris, though, he knew him quite well because at the time, Leo and Sera had gone against Chris and Zero. They had fought against each other.

Of course, Jack and Jim could only ask for the memories to be changed of those that they knew, and they were unaware of the existence of Sera.

"What is he doing now here, fighting along with these aliens? Things are getting quite confusing," Chris mumbled to himself.

Peter didn't care about asking questions though; he was incredibly annoyed and had decided to dive straight forward toward the new opponent. When he did though, a large rock came out from the side and hit him clean.

It pushed Peter's cheek until he could react and break the boulder with his arms.

"There is more than one person in this fight!" Geo shouted, appearing right behind the broken rocks and throwing a solid hit to Peter's cheek.

In turn, Peter grabbed the arm that hit him and punched hard at the elbow joint, attempting to break it in one hit. Geo could feel extreme pain as he gritted his teeth, but his hand survived one hit.

'I'm not sure if I can survive more!' Geo thought. That's when he could see someone else approaching from the side; it was Nock. Getting a second wind on seeing someone coming to help, he swung all of his arms and hit Peter this time in the ribs.

It didn't move Peter at all, but allowed for his grip to weaken and Geo to break free. With his legs, he pushed off and tackled Peter with two of his arms. While with his upper two arms, he hit both of Peter's away before he was ready to do anything.

Then with his bottom two hands, he lifted Peter off the ground and slammed him into the floor.

"I'm sure he'll be okay," Chris said. He wanted to focus on another person in front of him.

"Do you remember me?" Chris asked.

"I'm sorry," Sera replied. "I don't remember weaklings."

Hearing this, there was really only one thing that Chris could do… he charged forward, and as he did, his body started to transform. Unlike the times when he was fighting before, this time his entire body seemed to change.

His facial structure was completely that of a werewolf with his razor-sharp teeth, his legs, and his 'Crap! It's able to break through my hide, and were they some type of homing daggers?'

For a second, as all the daggers went in his back, he had flinched, closing his eyes. When he opened forearms and claws.

When his transformation finished though, he could see several daggers going right towards him. They were lit up with energy as well. Using his clawed hands, he was able to swipe and knock all four of them away, but he could feel the strength behind just the simple daggers.

'The last time,' he thought, 'was he taking it easy on us when he was helping Leo before?' Chris thought.

"Don't you think it's only fair?" Sera said. Touching his chest piece of armour, he pressed down on one of the circular devices. In doing so, it popped out. As it did, the circular device had these sharp razor blades coming out from the sides.

"Now that I'm fighting against those with celestial energy and god slayers, don't you think I should use celestial energy myself?"

Chris's ears could pick up a change in the sound of the wind from behind, but it was a little too late. All of the daggers that he had knocked away were still flying through the air, and they had pierced him right in the back and through his thick hide.

'Crap! It's able to break through my hide, and were they some type of homing daggers?'

For a second, as all the daggers went in his back, he had flinched, closing his eyes. When he opened them, he could see the small circular device right in front of him beeping. It exploded right in his face.

It was a large explosion that shook the buildings nearby, and a large cloud of smoke had covered the entire area.

"Arghh!" Chris screamed as he swung his claw randomly but managed to hit nothing. Before he knew it, a claw had scratched his body. It was deep, and blood could immediately be seen.

From his gloves, Sera had summoned deadly claws that shot out from the top, and they also had a poison effect, one at the demon tier level. With a thrust forward, Sera tried to stab Chris in the heart, but he was able to swing his arm and knock it out of the way. Soon, he pounced back out of the smoke and could see clearly once again.

Tensing the muscles on his back, the small daggers came out of his body, and the mark was healing on his chest as well. Even the poison that had entered his body and had made him feel slightly weaker for a second was disappearing as well.

All of these were the effects of his werewolf body. They were even more resilient than the Dalki, with a great healing speed.

"You weren't this strong before, and it's not just the energy, what is this?" Chris asked.

Sera stood there calmly on the other side.

"I told you already I can't remember you that well, but let me ask you a question, how many weapons did I have when I went up against you last time?"

Thinking about it, maybe there were two weapons. It was nowhere near the amount he had on him now, but what difference did that make?

Sera just smiled.

"The more weapons I have, the more serious I am."

What Sera was saying was true. His ability allowed him to turn any weapon up to the demon tier level, even if it was a basic tier weapon. What that meant though, was not only was the weapon itself a demon tier, but the strength it provided the user was at the demon tier level.

Right now, with all the weapons he had on his body, he was using his ability to bring them up to the demon tier level, and in turn, they were all strengthening his body. This was Sera at his very best.

****

*****