Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2248  Peter's determination

Originally, Chris was slightly concerned for Peter, even if he didn't openly show it. This was because Peter was going against not just one opponent, but essentially three.

There was the demon tier shadow beast that was controlling the vines, Geo, and Nock. He had no clue where the demon tier Owl went. It seemed to have disappeared after getting hit a few times.

However, Geo was fine with this, because he was sure that it was being used to support other areas. After all, while they were fighting against these two, there was Jim himself, as well as the original vampires all still fighting.

The truth was, they were annoyed that this had taken a lot longer than they initially thought. As time went on, there was a large amount of pressure going on in Geo's mind about the fight, which was perhaps why he was pushing himself.

In the end though, Chris realised that he had no time to worry about the other battle, he would just have to trust the one by his side, because his opponent was going to be tough.

"Arghh!!" Peter screamed as he pulled himself out of the ground, as pieces of rock went flying in all directions.

Geo quickly went to grab Peter, trying to attack him in the same way as he did before, but with a swing of his head, he had hit the arm away. Then there was Nock as well that wasn't so far behind, attempting an attack.

"You will pay for this!" Peter shouted, the outside of his fist was glowing with energy. When throwing it forward, a large ball of Qi came out. This was something unique to Peter.

He couldn't do the third stage of Qi type attack, he never learned it, but somehow using the first stage of Qi, that he didn't really understand in the first place, he could force the energy out of his body.

It slammed into Nock pushing him back, and as it hit his skin it was starting to damage it.

Worried, Geo came forward and started to hit the energy himself, punching it with his golden arms.

While the two were worrying, finally Peter was given a breather. The inside of his bones were healing after they had been crushed by the large attack, but what was really concerning him a bit was the hole in the centre of his stomach. Although the wound had healed, there was still energy that was lingering inside.

'It's the same for the alien's attack as well. Their power is able to get through my own special energy. Who cares about that, the only thing I need to do is take them out.'

Creeping towards Peter while he was in the middle of his thoughts were several vines. In his celestial form, his head tail started to grow to the point it reached the bottom of the floor and curled up like a tail, even though it was attached to his head.

Swinging it, all of the vines from the demon tier were cut through, and Peter charged through, towards his two opponents.

That was until a green wall appeared right in front of him, it was several vines combined together to make a thick wall. Just like with everything else though, Peter was able to use his head tail to slice through it.

When he did though, the two Amra were nowhere to be seen. They had jumped to the side, and using the strength in their legs both blasted right toward Peter.

Reacting, Peter curled up into a type of ball. He tucked his legs in while using both of his arms to cover his head. Geo's and Nock's fists were flying, hitting Peter everywhere they could.

They hit his arms, his side, the side of his legs and more. They continued to pound away not taking a single breath, if they did, then it would give a chance for Peter to attack.

'What is this person's body made out of?' Geo thought, as he continued to punch with his golden arms as much as possible, but the glow around them was starting to fade.

Normally, hits of this level, and consistency would turn anything to rubble, yet Peter was still there, curled up in a ball.

At the same time though, Peter himself had a similar thought.

'What are these guys' hands made out of, their hits are getting through everything, and they're causing fractures in my bones.'

It felt like a competition of holding out between them. Whichever was the first to give in would lose the battle.

As the two Amra continued to hit, they started to slow slightly, as they still hadn't taken a breath. Their chests were hurting, the acid was building up in their limbs and their arms were feeling incredibly heavy.

'I can't do it… I need to breathe.' Nock finally said, as he went to throw out a punch and at the same time lifted this head slightly to take a breath.

This was the moment Peter had been waiting for, he kicked with his left foot deep in the ground, surrounded by the yellow energy. For a second it had emitted so much power that it caused Geo to flinch slightly.

'No… I have to push through this!' Geo thought. He attempted to push through and finally broke through the energy that felt like it was burning his skin away, but he was soon met with the long head tail, swiping right towards his neck.

Now, the head tail was covered in the strange yellow power as well. Geo had no choice but to lift all four of his arms. The blade cut right through causing his blood to leak slightly. It wasn't enough to go through the dense bones of the Amra, but it hurt.

When Geo pulled his hands down though, he soon realised that the head tail, the kick to the ground… all of it was a distraction, to try to get him away.

Because, right now, he could see Peter, with his hand right through Nock's chest. Swirling around his hand was another head tail. During the whole fight, Peter had never shown such a thing, and it was because it was a first for him as well.

Peter wasn't the type to win by tricks, or use his head much, but just used his will, which similar to his celestial form, allowed things to change. Wanting to produce the strongest attack possible in order to finish Nock off.

The head tail had split in two, it wrapped around Peter's hand, giving it a sharp edge and twice the power.

Just like Geo, Nock had managed to get his hands up to block but it was useless. The strength of the punch, the power behind it with the sharpness of the head tail, ripped right through Nock's skin, and continued on eventually causing a large hole in his chest.

Blood was starting to pour out of his mouth, Nock's eyes weren't filled with anger, instead it more so felt like disappointment. He wasn't looking at Peter either, but instead was looking at Geo. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

"It looks like we won't have to compete against each other any more." Nock said. "You win my friend."

His head flopped toward his chest, and there were no signs of life in Nock anymore.

"NOOOO!" Geo screamed and rushed forward throwing out a punch.

Peter quickly pulled out his arm, and jumped out of the way. The powered golden fist punched the air, and loud bangs were heard as the fist landed against the air.

It distorted and a pulse of energy went out, moving part of the clouds in the sky above.

"Beast, take him away, take him back." Geo ordered.

The vines controlled by the demon tier beast, started to pull Nock's body away. Geo wanted to grieve, he wanted to talk to his friend even more, but it wasn't the time.

"What… is this?" A voice was heard.

Turning his head, he could see another Amra was now where Nock was being pulled, and it was one they knew well.

"The young ones… they shouldn't have gone before me." Dober said, one of the other leaders of the Amra who had come from the tower.

'If Dober Is here, does that mean Quinn…?' Geo thought.

*****

*****