Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

﻿

Sera had to do a double take when he looked behind him, and back at Chris and Peter again, because he couldn't believe the audacity of these aliens. He, in the first place, didn't want to join this war, and then when convinced to join it and help the losing side, they had gone and abandoned him just like that.

"And now look at the situation you have gotten yourself into," Sera said to himself, shaking his head.

From the corner of his eye, he could see Peter jumping up in the air. It looked as if he was going after them.

"Well, if you're going to do something, then you might as well do it right." Sera sighed as he held out his hand, and one of the rings underneath the gloves he was wearing started to light up.

A crossbow appeared in his hands. Pulling the trigger, several bolts had come out, and each one of them was covered in flames. One bolt was shot right in front of Peter. If he carried on moving, he would run into the flames.

Punching the air, Peter managed to stop his momentum with a bang while making a large hole right through the fire as well. Soon he was dropping to the ground, and that was when the other bolt of flames was coming toward him.

With the head tail full of his Qi energy, he swung it down, splitting the flame produced by the arrows in half and even hitting one of the bolts completely in half.

"Oh, very impressive," Sera said.

Meanwhile, Chris had jumped up, with his claws ready to pounce. Similarly, as he did with his right hand, with his left hand, the ring started to glow and produced a round shield.

Chris' claws hit the shield, but he felt like all of the power had bounced back right at him, and he was chucked in the air, performing somersaults before he landed on his feet next to Peter's side.

"You piece of crap, do you really think you're so tough fighting with all these weapons? Use your fists!" Peter shouted.

"All I hear are cries of a sore loser," Sera replied back with a smile, putting both of his weapons away. He then pulled out two long sabers from his back and held one in each hand.

"I think it's best if you ignore the others for now," Chris said. "This person might not be someone that we can take out on our own. Do you remember what we did back then when we fought against that celestial?"

Peter had a horrid look on his face as he remembered what Chris was suggesting. "I thought we had grown stronger than that."

"Whether you like it or not, this person is strong, and it's the best thing we can do!" Chris shouted, not giving Peter a choice.

His body started to change once more, but not into that of a werewolf. Instead, it turned into that of a large wolf. In this form, Chris was far faster and agile on his feet. He immediately went towards Peter, who jumped up and landed on Chris' back.

"I see now, so it's two against one, but I'm the one getting called out for using weapons" Sera said, gripping the spears tightly.

Before he knew it, the large wolf was running straight toward him. At the right time, Sera took a step forward and thrust the tip of his spear. A large amount of power left from the tip and made a really large hole in the buildings off in the distance, but that was because it had hit nothing but the air.

Seeing the attack, Chris had moved to the side, and at the same time, Peter swung his head tail. His own speed was being added with Chris', producing a strong blow. With the other spear in hand, at the last moment, Sera was able to lift the spear up and block the attack.

Ripples of energy were shaking through the air, and that wasn't the only thing that was shaking. The entirety of his armour was as well.

"That attack, it was crazy powerful. I'm not sure I can block that too many times."

The thing was, the attacks didn't stop there. With Peter and Chris working together, they continued to run circles around Sera. With his spear, he attempted to attack but was hitting nothing and would get several strikes back.

He blocked most of them, with one hitting his shoulder. It had caused a crack through his armor and pierced his skin slightly.

"Crap, that hurt," Sera thought.

The wolf pounced in, and Sera tumbled, rolling underneath it. When he did, he shoved the spear from below, but Chris had already landed with Peter and swung in for another attack.

This time, rather than using the edge of the head tail to try and hurt Sera, it was wrapped around one of his spears. Chris started to run in the other direction, and Peter pulled.

There was no choice for Sera, as he had to let go of his spear. It flung out and was thrown to the side, and now it looked like Chris and Peter were coming in for another round.

"So what if you take that weapon? I have lots of weapons I can use… but you have seriously pissed me off," Sera kicked off the ground with his boots, and a suction of air shot him high up.

He was now higher than the buildings were, and signs of fighting going on in other areas. "I can see why the others rushed off now… it looks like this war won't last too much longer."

But that wasn't his concern for now. Instead, the rings on his hands were glowing, and weapons started to appear in his hands.

Immediately, Sera threw them onto the ground. They weren't going toward Chris or Peter; instead, they were just hitting the ground. Weapon after weapon was hitting the ground until there were about fifty weapons there.

With another spear in his hand, he spun his body, and a tornado surrounded him. It looked devastating, and Chris and Peter didn't want to see if they could get close or not, when crashing to the ground.

Several of the weapons that were on his body had also entered the ground, and they were in all different areas. Staffs, maces, spears, short swords, long swords, daggers, spike balls, and even things that had never been seen before.

Chris could sense that this was something different, and he decided to use this chance to take a breather.

Now Sera looked different compared to before. There wasn't a weapon on him apart from a single spear and the armor he was wearing. Everything else was stuck in the ground.

Spinning the spear about, Sera then stuck the bottom end into the ground and lifted only his left foot up.

"You are in my zone now," Sera said.

His eyes started to light up with white energy, and no longer could his pupils be seen. The energy was running up and down his body until it went running down just one of his legs.

His foot slammed onto the ground, and the white energy spread out. It didn't create a crater, nor did it seem to injure the ground. If anything, it looked like a ripple of thought just floating on top of the land.

When it touched the weapons on the floor, the energy rose, covering them. It wasn't just one of the weapons, but all of the weapons that had been thrown onto the floor were now covered in this white energy.

When the white energy reached them, for a split second, Chris allowed it to touch his foot. He felt no malice in the energy, nor did it feel like it did any harm to him.

"This person, their calm and relaxed demeanour… it's frightening me, more so than anyone I have ever seen before," Chris thought.

The final weapon in Sera's hand, that too was thrown onto the floor, and calmly, Sera started to walk towards them.

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.