Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The new set of armour Quinn was currently wearing was a full set, just like the Blue Fang set. It was hard to come by high-tier sets for a number of reasons, one of them usually being the fact that they needed to be all made from the same type of crystal.

For Quinn himself, he had never had the chance to create an armour set, nor had he come by many that had an armour set. The only reason why he had one was due to Helen in the first place. Which was why it was considered such a big gift at the time.

Due to the way armour sets were made, if a person wanted a demon tier set, rather than just a single piece of item, it meant they would have to try and find the same demon tier beast to create a set. This was more possible with lower-tier crystals as there were usually multiple of the same type.

However, there were some exceptions to this. A skilled forger would be able to create a set as long as the beasts had similar traits. If they all focused on speed, the power of fire, or something along those lines, there were also the newly discovered upgrade crystals that could be used as well.

With these, again, a skilled forger could upgrade certain armors and then try to recreate other items to create a set as well.

With Quinn's current armour set, he felt like what he was creating didn't fit any of these standards. The God Slayers he faced, their powers and traits were completely different, nor did he use any of the other methods. Only the styling and colour of the armour was the same due to the materials and the forger itself it was made from. Yet, despite all of that, the armour Quinn had created was a set, and with that, it meant it had a set skill. Not only that, when Quinn had finished creating all pieces of the armour set, the system had popped up with a message.

[Congratulations, you have successfully created the 'God Slayer Armor set.']

[You are the first person to have successfully created a God Slayer Armor set!]

'The first God Slayer Armor set, does that mean what Ray is wearing, his armour is not considered at the God Slayer level? Still, how was this even possible? Is it just because I used all God Slayers to create the armour set, or is there some other type of link?'

Although Quinn wasn't so sure, there was one person he had to thank because he was sure it was impossible without him, and that was Alex.

What Quinn didn't know about Ray's armour set was that it was special in its own way, and there was a reason as to why it wasn't considered a God Slayer set. That was due to it actually being made from Ray's original body. It wasn't made from crystals like regular armour, and anyone who wore the armour would be able to summon somewhat of the fierce power of the Red Dragon Sen.

[When wearing all pieces of the God Slayer Armor set, the current passive skills are active]

[Self-healing durability]

[All armour pieces have the ability to restore itself to its original full condition. No matter how damaged a piece is, or if split into several parts, the largest piece will restore itself to full condition.

[Depending on how damaged the armour is, the time for restoration may vary.]

The description reminded him a lot of the demon-tier wings that Quinn had as well. Only in this case, it was an effect that worked on all the armour. Never did he have to worry about creating a new set of gauntlets again. Time and time again, he had lost equipment due to one reason or another, and unless he had a failed quest penalty like he did a long time ago, he would never have to worry.

[Celestial resistance]

[The will and hatred of all the God Slayers used to create the crystal have been passed onto the armour. In turn, the armour has great resistance to Celestial energy.]

'This is a skill that certainly suits the name of the armour. The best thing to go against Celestial energy has always been other Celestial energy. However, as a God Slayer, one would have to rely on their overwhelming power or powerful abilities. In a way, this armour makes it so Celestials are near enough on equal footing, but there is no telling how resistant it is, and I don't plan to fight Celestials any time soon.'

From experience, there were many Celestials that weren't good fighters at all. He could imagine that the five or maybe four-spiked Dalki were more powerful or skillful, but if the two were to fight, due to the effect of Celestial energy, the Celestial would win.

[God Slayer Zone]

[A passive skill that is always active. The God Slayer Zone is energy emitted from the armour that interferes with Celestial skills. Note: it does not interfere with Celestial energy.]

'Celestial skills!' Quinn thought.

Thinking about this, Quinn remembered when he was a Celestial, there were many things that Celestials could do. For one, they were able to enter the Celestial space, they could also reincarnate and teleport to other planets. He was sure that there were other skills as well, but Quinn never got to see them.

'With this ability, it would stop Celestials from escaping or even contacting others for help.'

Immediately, Quinn started to think of Mundus. If he knew of these set skills or active skills, he would have never agreed to the deal. On top of that, he was pretty sure they would never let him use it again.

So far, based on the set skills alone, rather than just being a generally powerful armour, this was more so an armour specifically to go against the gods.

'Why would the universe put something like this in my hands though?' Quinn thought. 'That's what the Celestials, Logan, and Richard's information stated, right? Everything that happens is the will of the universe to a degree.'

'Allowing for an armour to have these types of effects.'

Quinn didn't dwell on it too much longer. Hopefully, when this was all over, there would be no confrontations with the Celestials. In the first place, other than the first set skill, none of the other set skills would help him against his current opponents.

It was then, when Quinn had read the last set skill, that he was a little confused. The name itself didn't give many clues as to what it actually did, and the description was a little confusing, but when he thought about it a little more, he believed it could be the best set skill of the lot.

[God Slayer Armour Set Skill]

[Limitless]

*****

******

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

ραпdα---nᴏνa| сom Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.