Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Two more items made up the whole set, the mask and the gauntlets. The mask was originally meant to be the last item that Quinn wished to create, but because of the situation with Alex, and how Alex was guiding him the whole way, it had become the second to last item he made.

Because there was no telling whether or not Alex would still be there after the gauntlets.

Which was why the second to last item Quinn had created was the mask. It covered half of his face, and was designed like that of Oni masks that were made long ago in the past. This gave a vicious outward appearance and suited his armour as well as his vampire self well.

The thing was, the crystal that had been used to create the mask, was an unknown. The crystal had been received by the Dark Magus. Someone that was powerful enough to even contain Mundus.

Till this day, Quinn was unsure, if the two of them were ever locked in battle, which one of them would win. This showed not just him, but even the Celestials, that the Universe was incredibly vast and full of powerful beings.

In the end, a god slayer crystal had been handed to them, but they had no clue what from. Was it a beast, a more humanoid god slayer, what were its powers and what could it even do.

There was a chance that the god slayer crystal was even a weak god slayer, and that was why he decided to have it placed in the mask. Masks often didn't have much in terms of stats to give to the user, but were considered more of an additional item.

Like a ring, earring and so on, but knowing full well about how powerful Minny's god slayer ring was, there was a chance that this could be special as well.

[Shifting Mask]

[The mask's requirements to be powered change based on the user who is wearing it]

[Requirement blood: Blood can be used and stored in the mask as an energy source. The amount of blood that can be stored is limitless. The more blood stored the stronger the output of energy]

The mask had taken on the trait of Quinn being a vampire, which was why the requirement for him was blood. So far the mask seemed similar to when he used his own blood powers.

Having the title, Ruler of Blood allowed Quinn to control blood in the area, even from an area the size of the planet they were on. The problem was it took time to move all of that blood, then if he wanted it to become a powerful attack, he needed to condense it down to the point it could be used.

In this case, the mask could now be a storage place of blood, and there was no need to use the power stored in it. Through battles, he could continue to store the energy needed longer and longer.

eaglesnovɐ1,сoМ While running through the battlefield, Quinn was already doing just that. There was also another use to the blood mask, something that he thought he would have never received. Now that he could store blood in his mask, he could also access that energy whenever he wished.

There was no need to use the energy all at once, it wasn't that type of thing, but what it practically meant was Quinn had an unlimited blood bank. He was able to take blood stored in his mask whenever he needed.

If they got through the armour, to eventually damage him, he could now even heal himself. With a war like this, with blood all around, it was a frightening thing to think about.

[Energy Converter]

[The stored energy can be converted into different types of energy]

[Lightning]

[Fire]

[Water]

Seeing this, it reminded Quinn a little of Sil. It was almost as if he could use different powers. The blood gathered could be used to allow him to use lightning energy, or other forms of energy. He didn't know how it quite worked as there was no time to test it just yet. Based on whatever opponent he faced though, it was sure to come in handy.

[Energy output]

[Based on what current energy is being used, the user may draw out energy from the mask. This can be used in one go, or as the user wishes.]

The last skill on the mask was the reason why Quinn could also use it in the same way as he would a blood bank, there was also no need for him to physically take the energy out. It was an automatic thing he could do with a thought of his mind.

The mask, that he didn't expect much out of, had in the end become quite the valuable thing. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Then finally, there was the last item. The gauntlets, made from the god slayer Asura. One that had frightening power in his fists and like Quinn used his fists to fight. Honestly, Quinn himself wasn't sure what to expect out of this one. It just seemed right when making the crystals but whenever he thought about the gauntlets, he had a heavy heart in doing so.

That was because not only were they made with the God Slayer crystal, but by using the Celestial blood guns. Where the soul of the best forger in the world, and his dear friend Alex was.

The gauntlets were a success but at what cost? Because, after creating the weapons, Quinn had yet to hear the voice of his dear friend, even now while using them.

'Alex, all of this in the first place is because of you. No matter what I will never forget you exist… and wherever you are, I hope you can see what you have created!' Quinn thought.

Just as he was about to remind himself of the skills and power of the gauntlets, there were two figures that had appeared in front of him. Immediately Quinn stopped as he looked at them.

"We manage to meet again." Chris said with a smile. "The last time, we didn't really get to fight each other so much."

"I don't want to fight either of you." Quinn said, looking at the other person by Chris' side, it was Peter. "I don't want to fight my friends."

"Friends? What do you mean? How can that be, look at what has happened. Jim has gone planet to planet in search of you to stop you. You have caused this war, you are no friend." Chris stated.

"I caused the war?" Quinn replied. "The races that lived on these planets were innocent. So much so that they banded together to stop your stupid conquest. Have I ever attacked you, have we ever been the ones to come after you?

"Forget it, this is pointless. I will be going off to see Jim."

Chris's body started to transform and Peter turned into his celestial form as well.

"I'm sorry but we can't let you hurt our actual friend." Chris said.

Quinn tensed his fist, as he looked at both of them.

"I said I didn't want to fight you, not that I wouldn't."

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.