Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Both Peter and Chris were present when Quinn unleashed his power on the planet Namrik. They felt the intense energy and, on top of that, heard about the story of him going up against the original leaders all at once.

In their heads, the person in front of them was the ultimate goal. If they dealt with him, then it meant this war was over. There was no need for them to go planet after planet chasing down a possible enemy.

Which was why, in that split second, Chris had to make a decision, as his body was transforming into his Werewolf form, his skin was starting to redden, from which was growing the fur on his body as well.

"Using this twice so soon puts a lot of strain on my body, but if I don't do at least this much, can I beat him?" Chris thought.

"Use everything you have!" Peter shouted out to Chris.

Peter was already a step ahead, having transformed into his celestial form, and his head tail splitting into two parts. In doing so, both of the head tails wrapped around Peter's fists, giving out the strongest blow he possibly could.

"I guess this is a good chance to test out a few things," Quinn thought.

Suddenly, right in front of the others, a puff of white smoke appeared, and in doing so, there were now three different Quinns entirely in front of them.

"Crap… what are these clones? Which one is the real one?" Chris thought.

He had no time to think as he went ahead and struck out with both of his claws towards one of them, while Peter had done the same. At the same time, the clones produced a strike of their own with their fists covered in blood aura. They spun like the blood drill Quinn often would use.

The powers collided all over the place, producing pulses of energy in the area, sending clouds of dust. But with Chris' speed and power, he had managed to overpower the strike, and his claw went right through Quinn's body, but it only exploded into a cloud of smoke.

Peter, with his strike, had done the same, hitting the other Quinn body, and his target had turned into a cloud of smoke as well.

"How is that possible? That attack was real, it was powerful and stronger than any of the blood aura that I felt before. How could that possibly come from a fake?" Chris was stunned.

He imagined that if he wasn't in his red werewolf form, maybe the strike would have been close to equal in power. Still, he didn't have time to think of that. Since there was still one Quinn left, it meant the real one had to be him.

A blood drill was thrown from the centre, and Chris managed to avoid it by jumping to the side and launching himself from the ground, destroying the area beneath him, he stabbed the final Quinn right through its body.

"Got you!!!" Chris said.

His risk had paid off, and using the red werewolf form from the beginning had worked. Looking up, he tried to see the pained look on Quinn's face as he said his last words, but instead, he just saw a smile on his face.

"What the…"

After the smile, another cloud of smoke puffed right in front of Chris' face. Even the third one was a clone. A feeling could be felt on the back of his head as it was grabbed and slammed down into the ground.

It cracked the floor beneath Chris, and Quinn soon lifted him up and slammed his face into the ground once again. After that, with a lift of his hand, there were several blood swords in the air around him.

eαglesnᴏνel Swinging it down, the blood swords went right through Chris' body, through his arms, legs, and his back, but avoided certain areas.

FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"I know you have good healing, so you will survive this punishment at least," Quinn said, as he got up off the floor and looked towards the other one on the field.

Chris was in pain, his whole body was shaking. Not just from the blood swords but from the head strike. He didn't understand why his body was hurting so much, and even now, it felt like it was getting attacked from the inside. His body was trying to heal while he was getting hurt at the same time.

Because of this, he was finding it hard to even move his body.

"When he slammed my head into the ground… What did he do? Why is my body acting this way? Was it something in his gauntlets… what is going on?" Chris was trying to think back to when he had gone wrong with the fight. Where was the slip-up? The main issue was the clones. Because they could produce a strong amount of blood aura, it was hard to tell what was real and what wasn't.

Because in the end, the attacks, although weaker, were real attacks, so one would have to worry about the attack from the clones as well. There was one more trait of the clones that was annoying as well, that Chris didn't consider until now, and that was the fact that when the clones were made, a puff of smoke would appear, and the same would happen when they were destroyed as well.

The puff of smoke didn't last long, but it gave enough time for someone at Quinn's speed to do things that could be unseen. For Quinn, he entered his shadow at that moment and appeared elsewhere. While they were too focused on killing the fakes, he was always behind them, ready to strike at any moment. His new boots helped greatly, with his movements being silent as well, making it almost impossible to know where he was.

The only reason why Quinn hadn't struck sooner was because he himself wanted to test his new skill out a bit.

Peter turned his head, looking agitated that he had been tricked by a clone.

"I'll kill you!" Peter shouted, as he ran forward once again. This time, rather than wrapping his tail head around each arm, he wrapped both of them around a single arm.

They twisted around each other, and spirals of yellow energy were flowing around them, heading straight for his fist.

"Let's try and see just how durable this armour is!" Quinn thought, planting his feet on the ground, he moved his body so the fist collided right in the centre of his chest piece.

It had hit the top of the phoenix design. The yellow energy exploded on the spot, and sparks went off in all directions from the armour and almost disappeared in the air instantly. Even the energy from Peter's arm had gone, and he was confused by this.

Looking down, Quinn could see that there wasn't even a dent on his chest piece armour. Nor had he gone flying back into the distance either. He just stood there firm and strong.

"You have no clue, do you? The energy I gave you belonged to me. It's celestial energy, so of course it wouldn't work."

Peter's attack was the perfect chance to see how strong the armour was. Peter was strong physically. He even used Qi in his attacks, and it had celestial energy with his celestial form.

The effect of the armour worked, dispersing the energy, meanwhile, the armour could take the full extent of his blow without him doing anything. Quinn assumed this was all due to the limitless factor of the set.

As he thought, as long as anyone wore this armour, they would be one of the strongest there were. Quinn quickly moved his hand right onto Peter's chest.

"Just wait here, my friend… we can talk soon."

[Skill activated]

[Blood Shock]

The fingertips on Quinn's gauntlet lit up, and sparks emitted from them into Peter's body for a second. Just like Chris, it felt like almost his whole body was shutting down, trying to heal damage that was being done inside, and he fell to the ground, unable to move.

"What have you done to me?!" Peter yelled out.

"You will be fine soon, and by the time you can get up, all of this will be over," Quinn answered.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.