Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

For Quinn, two of the biggest obstacles had been dealt with, and it was a lot easier than he had imagined. If he had to fight Chris or Peter before, it wasn't that he never thought he could beat them. Quinn knew his strength well and knew theirs as well.

The problem was beating them without accidentally killing them or bringing too much harm to them. For one to do that, they would have to be a level higher than their opponent. Be so much stronger and confident, and in this case, Quinn had done well.

From far away, great distances away, there were quite a few people watching Quinn and his performance.

'The armour should at least be able to do this much.' Mundus said, as he tapped his finger and a smile appeared on his face. 'It took a lot of effort to get it in the end, but it seemed like it was worthwhile.

'With this, I doubt we will have to worry so much about the growing god slayers from Earth. As long as he does his agent duties once in a while, he will be able to live a happy life. The only concern now is his son. We have to make sure no celestial ever finds out about that. Otherwise, it could be chaos all over again.'

At the same time, there were another two celestial beings that were watching the fight go on from their own space.

"Are you jealous?" Bliss asked.

"Jealous, why would I be?" Sera replied back. "He only managed to subdue them that easily because of the equipment he has. I've never even seen anything like that, and besides, I didn't lose my fight."

"Yes, you're right." Bliss replied. "You didn't lose your fight, you just decided to run away. That's a lot better way for a God of War to lose."

Sera wanted to snap back and say something, but he decided to just wave his arm as he looked further as to what was going to happen next.

Meanwhile, Bliss was taking a look at the armour. She was wondering how such a thing was even made. Once again, when something related to the Talen's appeared, her foresight skill was practically useless. It never showed her anything like this.

'Let's see how he does.'

——

Using the boots, Quinn kicked up in the air, giving him a more aerial view, and with his eyesight, it didn't take him long to find what he was looking for. Running directly forward, in an area where there was nothing but rubble, he had landed around fifty or so metres from Jim.

"I should have known that you were behind all this mess!" Jim shouted. "These aliens, the beasts… they would have never been able to put up this much of a fight on their own! Why do you have to do this, why are you trying to get in my way!"

In an instant, Quinn had moved from his position and grabbed Jim right by the neck. He was holding on tightly, allowing him only to narrowly breathe, and held him up in the air.

"You even try anything, and I will crush your neck before you can do anything." Quinn said.

Two blood swords were raised, one pointed at the back of Jim aimed at the heart and another at the top of his head. One way or another, Quinn was going to finish Jim off.

"You are asking me why am I getting in your way!!" Quinn shouted back, and a wave of red blood aura erupted, passing through Jim's body and pushing pieces of the building behind in the air and sending them crashing down.

"You were the one that created the Dalki in the first place and started this whole war. Even then, after getting rid of your mess, you managed to wriggle your way back in somehow.

"You then changed everyone's memories, taking my place. But I still chose not to get in your way, to not get involved, but you just had to. You had to make everyone around you suffer, including my friends and me, just to get what you want! What do you even want? Why are you even doing this when your time ended a long time ago?"

Quinn started to pour his Qi energy directly into Jim, and in doing so, he wanted to suppress all of the energy that was inside his body. But when he did that, there was an energy he could sense, one that he had become quite familiar with.

With his other hand, Quinn ripped off the sleeve of his coat, and he could see that there his bare skin filled with crystals, not just any crystals but they were all nest crystals. From his senses, he could tell that there were even more in Jim's body.

"What have you even done to yourself? Why are you going so far?" Quinn asked.

He could tell that Jim was trying to speak, so he loosened his grip a little to hear his words. At one point, this was the man who worked by Vincent's side, and the two of them shared part of the same blood.

He also wanted to know the truth because he needed it to make sense, why Erin, why Leo, and all the others had to die.

"Because… I'm trying to take it all back," Jim answered. "I'm sure you've seen it. Power that is beyond our understanding. Even these crystals. There are entities out there that have the supreme power to change anything.

"Being as strong as you are, I'm sure you might have even met them. For us, there is one thing that we vampires can never escape, even if one is immortal, and that is time."

Vampires could live a long time, so Quinn wondered if he meant that vampires couldn't escape death. But that wasn't true because Jim and even the originals were able to live forever. So he couldn't have meant that.

eaglesnovɐ1,сoМ "For us beings, there is something that never changes no matter how powerful we are, and that is the fact that time passes and moves in a straight line. But I've seen it, I've experienced a glimpse of it with my powers, time can move freely. It's just, for us, time moves straight."

For a second, Quinn started to think about what Jim was saying. These supreme beings, was he referring to the celestials, or he might even be referring to the AncientOnes? It was true that they had some control over time, even Quinn did when he was a celestial.

The space where the celestials went to was said to be created by one of the Ancient Ones, and there time moved several times slower. There was even Mundus who could stop time and even speed up time in a certain area.

What Jim was saying didn't sound too crazy. There was also the second original's power, to reverse time to a degree on an object or person. If powers like so really did exist, then were the Ancient Ones able to do what Jim was stating?

Did one of them have the power to turn everything back? Did it mean he could see the faces of the others again?

"They do nothing because they don't care about us, but I will find one way to make them care, and when I do, I'll tell them to revert everything back to that day, the day when I made the Dalki!"

'Is that why Jim has no problems doing the things he does, sacrificing the lives of the vampires, killing the innocents, all because he thinks he can turn it all back?'

Quinn gripped Jim's throat tighter once more. "You are not different from them!" Quinn shouted. "You are seeing these lives as nothing, the pain and experiences they are going through is real, all of the suffering. Even if you turn things back, the suffering they have experienced is still there. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"And what if you're wrong? What if you can't do anything after doing all this? You took a chance and ruined so many lives just so you could have a chance at repeating yours! Even if you could change it, it doesn't change what happened, and me and you will always remember. I can't let this continue… Goodbye… Jim."

The blood sword pointed at his back went right through his chest, piercing through to the other side, covered in blood.

****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.