Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The battlefield in front of the tower was still an intense one. Geo was still looking after the Amra, he would use his strong legs and jump from one side of the battlefield to the other and using the momentum he skidded across the floor while throwing his arm out hitting the vampires right in the face.

His strong hits could take out most of the vampires in one blow.

"Thank you, sir." The Amra thanked him.

Geo looked the Amra up and down, parts of his flesh had completely been cut off; he wasn't in a good state.

"You should fall back. Let the beasts do most of the work. I know you want to help your people but you have already done a lot." Geo answered.

"I could say the same for you sir, as long as you are out here, I will continue to fight as well."

It was an expected response from the stubborn Amra.

"Fine, but then let's focus on helping our Amra friends and then we will rest together."

Thanks to the demon-tier shadow beasts, Geo himself no longer had to deal with the troublesome vampires, and the originals were fighting against each other. This gave him the perfect chance to save as many of the Amra race as he possibly could.

His fellow soldier was right though, he was incredibly tired, he had been fighting a lot, and had been in tough fight after fight, his arms were no longer even glowing with celestial energy.

Scouting the battlefield, Geo started to look for the other Amra, and that's when he saw the large Owl-like beast land directly in front of him. Dust was blown from all sides before its feet hit the floor.

On top of the beast's neck though, there were three people. Jumping down was Dober, as well as the two vampires that had helped the Amra for a while now, Jeouk and Ronkin.

"These boys, they bring a message for us." Dober stated.

"It's not exactly from us." Ronkin replied. "The beast, it's telling us that everyone should head back into the tower as soon as possible. The beasts will continue to fight and cover us while everyone is to head inside."

Geo thought it was a strange request for them to make. The fight wasn't over. Sure the tides were turning, but the vampires were getting used to fighting beasts and were utilising their team work as well.

"You have to remember that an order from the beasts means that it was most likely one that came from Quinn." Jeouk mentioned.

"If he wants us to go to the tower, I would say that it's because he believes that it's the safest place for us." Dober commented.

The tower was safe because it practically was a space that existed not on this planet. At the same time the tower was protected from external attacks, to a degree, but even if it was destroyed and they were all inside, it meant they would all be safe and it was why the other Amra were currently inside of it as well. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"If he wants us to head back in the tower, it must mean Quinn is either afraid that we will lose the war… or that everyone is going to get swept up in something big."

Nodding, Geo agreed and they all split up to give the order to the rest of the Amra that were still fighting. Telling them all to head to the tower. They tried their best not to shout it, as they didn't want the other side getting wind of what was happening.

Bit by bit, the Amra were heading into the tower, and it was no time to be a brave soldier, as Geo stated even he would be going into the tower soon.

"Hurry up, get in there fast and head to the 25th floor, that's where the rest of the Amra are staying!" The Amra that were still in somewhat good condition stayed outside while leading the others to the tower.

The reason why it was important for them to state which floor for them to head to, was in case the tower was destroyed. If the tower was destroyed then so would its mechanism, and if that happend, the Amra would be on different planets and spread out in different areas.

Luckily, most of the Amra had made it into the tower, and only now were the vampires noticing the lack of aliens, as they were too busy fighting against the beasts.

At that moment, a large beam of energy could be felt. Everyone had stopped fighting, looking up in the sky they could see a pulse of energy push all of the clouds out of the way, following right after, a sharp red laser was shot out and hit the ground.

Right where the red laser had hit, a giant explosion occurred. It looked to just be a pure form of energy, like a nuclear blast. The wind had hit them all first, and now the energy blast was following.

"GET IN THE TOWER NOW!" Geo shouted to them all. He could see Amra that were far off in the distance. Jumping from where he was, he reached out and grabbed two of them and quickly jumped back.

Even the vampire leaders were stunned and unsure about what to do, as they saw this big large amount of energy coming towards them.

———

The blood sword had cleanly stabbed right through Jim's heart. It was covered with real blood and not just blood aura, the life from Jim's eyes had gone, his head flopped downward and there was no sign of a heart beat.

"I won't make the same mistake that I made last time." Quinn said. "I know you still have clones of yourself out there, I know what you're like now. You probably have backup upon backup of yourself spread out.

"Maybe even on planets that I don't even know about, but I'm going to make sure to head to every single facility you have made and destroy everything. You made sure that everyone forgot about me, well I'm going to erase every single trace of you ever existing in this universe.

"Any mention of your name in books, places that you were, or things you took part in, I'm going to get rid of it all. So you can never come back again, and I'm going to start with you."

Quinn meant what he said, and even though he knew the Jim in front of him was dead, he wanted to get rid of every part of his body.

'He's here.' Quinn looked up, and could sense the energy coming towards him, he had no choice but to let go of Jim's body as he jumped back and crossed his arms, when he did, the shadow naturally came around his front.

A huge explosion followed after, shaking the entire ground, disintegrating part of it as well as all of the buildings around them. In the end Quinn went into his shadow space, and a short while later he came back out, he could see the person he had been worrying about this whole time.

He stood there looking part Dalki and part human, more human than the last time he had seen him, covered in his red dragon scale like armour.

"I knew we would meet each other again." Ray said with a smile. "And it looks like you got an upgrade since the last time I saw you."

"I could say the same to you."

———

Sera and Bliss both had sweat beads running down the sides of their face when they saw the person who had arrived. Both of them knew Ray from the past and present.

"Who do you think is going to win?" Sera asked.

"You know how powerful Ray is." Bliss replied. "But he gave up nearly all of his strength and power a long time ago for the sake of everyone else."

"So you're telling me this is a weaker version of Ray? If that's the case, I'm not buying it." Sera repleid.

"You might be right." Bliss replied. "Right now he is using the body of a Demon-tier beast, although more accurately, of a god slayer level beast. Ray's soul was already powerful and added to that body he became incredibly strong.

"But then, he had to come across the dormant infinite celestial." Bliss explained. "He took its power and added it to his own, with that he practically has the same amount of energy as he did in the past.

"The problem was the body he was in, it wasn't as strong as his old body, which was why Ray was going around searching for nest crystals to improve his own body, he was getting even stronger, closer to what he once was, and finally, he managed to get the dragon armour from Edvard that was made from his own body.

"With the armour, it empowers his current body until the point it was like his dragon one. If you were to ask me, out of Quinn or Ray of the past, 9 times out of ten I would have told you Ray would win.

"Although this isn't the old Ray, he's pretty close to what he was in the past."

Sera was silent for a moment, as he picked up on something Bliss said.

"9 times out of 10 huh? I guess that means Quinn still has a shot."

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.