Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

ANNOUNCEMENT: My Werewolf System is on A.m.a.z.o.n If you haven't read it, now is your chance for a low cost of $4. It's also available as a physical book and as an audiobook. It's a great read to get the idea of the whole system universe!

*****

The figure had crashed down in the centre of the market square, or at least what was originally the market square. It was already unrecognisable compared to the way it was before. Then, when the lightning bolt had come crashing down as if someone had angered the gods from up above, the ground in the whole area lifted up for a moment as sparks were sent out of all of the cracks.

Unlike the sparks of lightning that had come out from H, though, these sparks just had a tingling sensation when they touched the onlookers who were looking in the area. Still, many of them had been knocked off their feet from the lightning strike.

When they eventually came around to look in the centre of the market square, they could see a man standing there. Blonde with long hair that almost looked as if it was falling out in certain areas.

"Did… that strike come from him… but how is that possible, and who is he?"

Not many of the onlookers, even on Jack's side, actually knew about Sil. He was, after all, someone who had left the planet a long time ago, but it wasn't just them that were unable to recognize Sil because it was hard for the others as well.

He was a mere shadow of his former self; his wrists were so thin, his clothes were baggy on him, and they almost looked heavy on him, as if he was struggling to stand. His cheeks were sunken into his face. They had seen the state of Sil before, but seeing him awake for some reason felt worse.

"This was the person that we had been waiting for and relying on this whole time," Shiro said. His eyes were watering up and running down his face. "I feel so ashamed. Someone like this, right now, should be resting.

"He should be in a hospital, but he has come. He has answered our call because he wished to protect us!"

Underneath his feet, Sil could feel someone moving. A large ice shard rose from below, but teleporting away, Sil was able to avoid the attack and was now by Minny's side.

"You have done very well fighting him so far," Sil said. "I saw what you did from above. You can leave the rest to your uncle."

Even though Sil said this with confidence, even Minny wasn't so sure about his words, based on looking at him. In fact, Sil had taken the teleport ability because he knew that using superspeed, with the way his body was now, would be a disaster.

Crashing through the ice, H was seen in the air for a few moments before landing on the ground, and his eyes laid on Sil.

"I see, so you have decided to go against me once again," H stated. "Didn't you learn your lesson last time? In fact, you were lucky to have even come back alive. You won't be so lucky again.

"I'm sure Jack won't care what I do to you this time."

Sil started to gather lightning in his hands; it was in some type of strange rings that went over his forearm, going all the way up to his shoulder and he got in a fighting stance, of all things.

"I will use all of my power this time. I can tell, I can see that all of those that I protected… in the end, they still ended up perishing. The right thing to do back then was just to get rid of you no matter what, and then none of this would have happened!"

----

Up above, there was a ship that was already riding away from the planet, and on the ship was none other than Stark.

"Good luck, my friend. I hope you can do your very best to beat him, but just in case there is something that I need to do as well," Stark said.

The ship in question was heading back to the large Marpo Cruise where Jack was currently present.

After finding Sil, the two of them wasted no time travelling by ship to join the others. There was a part of Sil that wished to use his powers to teleport to the planet. It would have been quicker than travelling by ship, yet he had chosen not to.

This was because to travel from one planet to the other, since it was a great distance, would use quite a bit of his MC points, and based on the fight with H last time, he felt like he would need all of the MC points he could get.

Especially since his body wasn't in the best condition. He could gather Qi, but not as much as before, and his body still felt sluggish, but he needed to act. He had a feeling that H would be there, and he was right.

During the journey with Stark, Sil and him had talked, and he had explained all of his worries. This brought back a memory for the Penswi star about what he had overheard the others talking about.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"I'm sure that Sil will be able to overcome the monster known as H. I could tell he is a powerful one," Stark thought. "But this war is more than just one overcoming their worries or seeking vengeance. It is one that we have to win at all costs.

"Which is why if I can get to Jack and get him to take H's powers away, we can win this fight."

There was a lot of attention on the fight below, and a lot of damage had been done to the Marpo Cruise from the androids, so much so that Stark had next to no trouble at all getting onto the ship.

He soon found a large hole in one of the sides and put on a space helmet. After that, he floated his way to one of the doors, going to the control panel. It looked like the emergency door had sealed the area to stop the pressure change within the ship.

"This is nothing that I can't solve!" Stark thought. As he pushed his legs in the air with such power and the power of the beast armour, it allowed him to propel himself forward, and he crashed right through the doors, creating a hole.

Almost immediately after he had gone through to the other side, there was some type of emergency patch measure from the ship as small robots came along and sealed the hole that had just been made. After that, Stark was finally able to take the helmet off.

"With all the fighting below, there shouldn't be much on board that is difficult to deal with. But will Jack have some guards by his side, and what about him? Is he strong himself?" Stark wondered.

The ship was large, and Stark had no clue where to go, but by not using Nitro Accelerate and just running through the place, he was trying to cover as much space as he could. There were times where he would see others on board and hide, then when they turned their head or looked away, he would move to the next part.

"This is getting me nowhere," Stark said. "I don't have time to mess around."

Soon, he saw what looked like an engineer, a human that was repairing part of the ship, trying to fix something that the androids had destroyed. Seeing this as his moment, he ran and grabbed the human.

It was in one swift movement. The two continued to run down the hallway until Stark propped him up right against the wall with his forearm against his neck.

"Tell me, where is the one known as Jack, and who is with him!" Stark shouted and pushed forcefully against his throat.

Easing off the pressure, the human could breathe slightly, and the fear in his eyes showed that he was going to answer.

"Jack… he's most likely in his own separate command room. He likes to watch the videos of what's going on below. As for who is with him, I'm not sure. Sometimes he's alone, sometimes he's not," the human answered.

"Tell me what direction to go in. If you do, I'll let you live," Stark stated.

The man pointed and explained a little of what the room would look like.

"Please let me go," the man begged.

Stark, with his sharpened hand, thrust it forward right through the human's head, killing him in one go.

"I'm sorry, I made your death as painless as possible. If I were to let you live and you informed someone, there's a chance that I would get caught, and if that were to happen, then everything would be all over. I had no choice in the current situation," Stark said, as he was ready to head to Jack. There was only so much time until they would find the dead body.

******

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.