Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Sil stood opposite H, a good distance away, with the lightning rings around his arms. He was getting ready and waited for H to get restless, and that's exactly what he did.

"I'll pay you right back for what you did to me, and personally!" H didn't run forward. Instead, he jumped from his position and was high up in the air, exactly like that of the Amra when moving positions.

Seeing this, Sil aimed both of his arms right at H. Sil's arms started to light up with lightning powers, and lightning was passing through the rings until reaching his fingertips. Then a surge of power exploded from his hands, and two of the rings, one from each hand, left.

It moved as fast as a regular lightning bolt and smashed into H's stomach right in the centre. As it hit, the lightning exploded from his body in all directions in the air, creating even a ring of lightning behind H.

The Dalki's body had jolted, something that hadn't happened with the attacks with Minny.

"It was a mistake staying in the air like that!" Sil shouted as he continued to fire out the remaining rings of lightning. Each one hit H cleanly, and each one responded with a large bang every time.

As the rings hit him and the damage built up, blood could be seen spilling slightly from the corner of the Dalki's mouth, but a smile still remained.

"You should at least be able to do this much!" Powering through, H's arm had transformed into that of a hammer, and he swung it down ready to smash it on top of Sil's head.

However, Sil had appeared right behind H, teleporting away. Now, instead of rings of lightning, he had rings of flames as well. Just like before, when using the power of lightning, the same happened with the flame rings. Fire powered through Sil's arms, and they lit up orange in colour.

Then fire started to travel through the rings in the arms, and like a powered gun mechanism, the flames shot out a devastating blow right on the Dalki's back, hitting him towards the ground.

H didn't fall to the floor though, despite the strong attacks hitting him. He even turned around and took a large circle of flame right on his chest. The flame ring burst around the area so intensely everyone could feel the heat on their faces, even though they were so far away.

Still, H was able to take it, even though Sil was pouring a lot of power into these powerful abilities he had. He perhaps was using the strongest flames he could muster in the existence of ability users put together, but with the strong 10 spike Dalki power and the power of Qi running through his body, it still had done next to no damage.

"You are annoying!" H's body lit up, and the whole area was covered in sparks.

Sil attempted to use his teleport ability, but moving to one area was hopeless as the range of the lightning strike was in the entire area. The second he had appeared from his teleportation, lightning went straight towards him, shocking his body.

"Arghh!" Sil screamed, his arms dangling towards the ground. A direct hit on his body with no protection was bad, and since he wasn't able to muster a lot of Qi, it had hurt more than it usually would have compared to before.

"You have no idea who you have decided to face!" H shouted.

The two spikes on his back, close to his shoulder blades, stuck out more and had suddenly grown in size. At the same time, it was almost as if the weight of H had increased as the floor beneath him indented more.

Both of his arms had transformed, turning into two deadly blades, and from a distance, he threw them through the air. In doing so, a large wave of energy, unlike any other, that would take up half the city had appeared.

"Crap… I can't dodge this without getting closer." Sil thought.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Thinking about what the best thing to do was, he opened up his book and was ready to go through the abilities he had until he saw a little girl appear next to him.

"You can be the sword!" Minny said, as she held out her hand.

The green gem on the ring lit up, and a big part of the wave of energy had been removed right there and then, and a clear path could be seen in front of Sil.

"I can be your shield!" Minny said.

Sil had no idea what power this was, but it didn't matter. He had no time to care as multiple clones of him had been made. In the area, there were a hundred Sils, each of them with a demon weapon grabbed from the portal in their hand.

Meanwhile, four of the Sils had ring elements spinning around their arms: fire, water, wind, and lightning. They were charging up with strength.

"That didn't work before, so why do you think it will work this time!" H shouted as he swung his arm out, and a large sword of energy came out. All of the people who saw the attack moved, as the last attack had already killed and destroyed whatever was in the area.

The Sils that could see the attack lifted up their arms and weapons. Using all of their powers, they struck against the attack. Around fifteen of the clones were eliminated, having taken out the attack.

"That's how much power is in his attack…" Sil thought. "If I get hit by that, rather than his powers, then I will be done for."

H leapt into the many different Sils, and with a swing of his leg, the energy was able to eliminate a good chunk of them again. The demon weapons were swung with power and clashed against H's skin, but some of the attacks even bounced off as the power of his body was far too strong and devastating.

During the fight with the multiple clones, the Sil with the strong elemental powers started to teleport around the area. Charging up their attack, they fired them right at H.

Sensing the attack, H tried to fire his own powers against the attack, but when his lightning had clashed against Sil's, there was a clear winner. At the end of the day, Sil had more MC cells and was more powerful in terms of ability than H.

The pulse of lightning broke through H's own lightning attack, but that didn't matter. With a swing of his sword-like arm, it broke through the pulse. Sparks hit his body but were unable to do any type of damage.

The other attacks were still coming towards him.

"This is annoying!" H shouted, transforming both of his bladed hands back into his fists, only they looked larger than they did before, almost like two boulders.

With a yell in the air, he slammed them against each other. The shockwaves coming from the Dalki smashing his two hands were sent out and collided with the elemental attacks. They disrupted them to the point where they no longer existed.

Teleporting through with a sword in his hand, Sil thrust a demon tier spear against H's skin. The weapon activated but did nothing to pierce the ten spike Dalki.

"I can't believe how weak your body is… there was a point in time where I thought I wanted your body. Part of the deal of bringing you in was that I would be able to use your body, but now I see, compared to mine, it's nothing." H stated.

H swung his arm, and before it hit Sil, his body hardened. The attack with the spear had been done with the real Sil because many of the clones were already out of the battle.

Sil's body went flying, and blood fell from his mouth. Every time he coughed, blood continued to fall until Minny eventually caught him.

"Uncle Sil… are you okay?" Minny asked.

Sil's weak body and now his clothes were covered in blood. The one person they thought could change it all was losing the fight.

"If only… I could touch him, maybe I could do something…" Sil said.

*******

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.