Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

ANNOUNCEMENT: My Werewolf System is on A.m.a.z.o.n If you haven't read it, now is your chance for a low cost of $4. It's also available as a physical book and as an audiobook. It's a great read to get the idea of the whole system universe!

*****

The sight of the great Sil pained many of those who were there. Vicky, for one, hadn't had the memories removed of her brother. It was because of him that she was able to live a good life and get everything she ever wanted, even though she never knew that she wanted it in the first place.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Seeing Sil use and display his powers, for a moment she thought that he had a chance to turn the tide, but anyone who was an experienced fighter could see that one was far superior to the other.

No ability in his book would be strong enough to deal with H, who had only had a trickle of blood appear from his mouth. The scary thing was, even if they could hurt H, he would only get stronger. And if they managed to do significant damage to him, then he could just use his regenerative powers to undo the damage that had been done.

With that in mind, though, Sil had used his soul weapon to bring out his book, and with it, he started to heal his body. The internal damage that had been done started to heal at a fast rate, and he was able to get back on his feet fairly quickly.

He could only bring his body back to the poor state it was in before, not back to his former much stronger self. It wasn't the ability to reverse time after all, and what happened to him was due to months of them only giving him enough to survive, not something a regenerative ability could bring back.

"Is uncle going to keep fighting?" Minny asked.

She was concerned for Sil after seeing that much blood. Even if he could regenerate himself, was there really no limit? Was it just an amount of MC cells? The blood and other things had to come from somewhere.

On top of that, her powers would eventually fade as well, but she wanted to continue helping Sil as much as possible.

"I will continue to fight as long as I can stand," Sil replied. "I still have a number of things that I can try."

Opening up a storage portal, Sil had pulled out a large hammer with a big head at the end. It had strange swirling patterns on it, and the handle looked like it had been made with parts of a beast.

It was clearly a beast weapon, and with everything Sil had now, it would at least be at the Demon tier.

'I'll use my ability to enhance the weapon's strength to its full potential! Then, I'll push it with the strength ability. Switching to the accelerate ability to move the weapon as fast as it can through the air!'

Although Sil was unable to combine abilities together like Jake or use two at a time, he could use them one after the other, and switching abilities like so, they would still have the effect of the one before.

The hammer flew through the air, creating a large explosion of wind as it went out. It was faster than what H had expected. Moving his hands, he was able to catch it, but the force was still strong, moving past and hitting him deep in the stomach.

H was being pushed back while his feet lifted up part of the ground. Small amounts of blood came out of H's mouth again, but eventually he had stopped the great power, just with his own strength.

"Did you not learn anything from that first one!" H said, as he lifted the hammer with one hand, behind his back, and hurled it back. "This will only quicken your death."

The book was in one of Sil's hands, and before the hammer could reach him, a portal had been opened, and when the hammer went in, it never came back out anywhere.

'I have to use what I have to my advantage. I know the powers that he has, and he is physically far stronger than me, but he can't know all the powers I have.'

Just as he thought of this, he remembered the last time the two of them had fought. Sil had gone through many combinations trying to take H down and failed. This time, H was even stronger than then, so how could he succeed?

There was one ability he had gained since then, the ability to change memories. If he was able to touch and hold H for long enough, maybe he could get them to stop fighting.

———

Layla, who was still watching on the sidelines with Russ, had heard what Sil had said in the conversation with Minny about how he needed to touch. She was trying to think of what Sil meant by this and had come up with her own conclusion.

'Sil's body is incredibly weak right now,' Layla thought. 'If it was the same as it was before, then he might stand a chance. Out of all the abilities I know, there is one that can drastically not just change the appearance but also make them stronger as well.'

Her head at that point turned to Russ. From what she had seen, he was one of the most powerful ability users that she knew and had an incredibly powerful ability. On top of that, he was human, meaning that Sil would have no problem copying his power.

"Russ," Layla said. "You have to let Sil touch you. If he does, he can use your power… he can do what you did before when going against Pine and win this fight."

Russ looked at her for a few seconds, as if what she was saying was completely mad.

"Are you crazy?" Russ replied back. "Do you even know who I am? Remember who I am…

"I hate the Blade family. If there is anyone that I would never help out, it's them."

Layla knew the history well; it was a public broadcast after all when Russ had claimed his hatred towards the Blades, and he didn't hide his dislike for them.

"Can't you see the situation we are in? Would you rather not help and end up dead? Right now, this is our only option."

Although most might have been convinced in this dire situation, it didn't change for Russ, and there was a core reason for that.

"No, and it's not just about him copying my power," Russ explained. "I can tell from that book; it's a log of all the powers he can use.

"Most likely, Sil is special in the fact he can use any ability he has come across. If it was a normal Blade, I might consider it, since they would eventually lose the power to use my ability.

"As you said, I don't want to die."

Layla was unsure what excuse he would come up with because if his life was so important, what other reason could trump that?

"If I let him use my power, it would mean I would never ever be able to get my revenge against them again," Russ explained.

"What do you mean? Look, I don't think your revenge makes sense in the first place, but you can always go against the Blades after surviving today. If you don't, then you would never be able to get revenge," Layla explained, thinking the logic was simple.

"Not achieving my revenge and never being able to get my revenge are two different things. I wouldn't be able to live with myself," Russ replied. "You see, if he copies my power, then it would be impossible for me to beat him.

"He would have not only the same power as me but also a large number of other powers at his disposal. The one thing that I have is my ability, and anyone but the Blades can have that."

Taking a step back, Layla understood his stubbornness. But then, if Sil couldn't touch Russ, could he really win this fight? Because she didn't believe that to be the case, but what other way or method could she use to let Sil and Russ touch?

*****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.