Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

ANNOUNCEMENT: My Werewolf System is on A.m.a.z.o.n If you haven't read it, now is your chance for a low cost of $4. It's also available as a physical book and as an audiobook. It's a great read to get the idea of the whole system universe!

******

The Marpo Cruise was so large that it could be considered the size of a city inside. There were multiple rooms, facilities, and different areas filled with a number of different things. For a normal person, or even a vampire without using the onboard equipment to travel, it would take days to explore every single area.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Yet, for Stark, he was able to travel faster than even the moving equipment on board. For him, it was the perfect job if one needed to find somewhere, and when there was a battle going on below, and a race against time, this was needed.

After forcing one of the humans to reveal the location of where Jack was, it didn't take long for Stark to find where he needed to be. There was a large locked door with no sign for him to get in other than a hand scanner.

"This door can't be any thicker than the outside of the ship. If I run at full speed and harden my hands, I should be able to break through," Stark thought.

He had run down the hallway, giving himself some room to run up to it so he could get to his full potential, but before setting off, he hesitated for a second.

"From what I heard, Jack himself isn't that strong of a person. He has a strong ability that allowed him to reach a certain position. If that's true, would a leader like that really just go around with no one by their side?" Stark thought.

"Entering like this gets rid of the element of surprise, and if that happens, I'll have to face whatever is inside."

Giving himself time to think, the nerves were getting to him a little bit. When thinking about the enemy, they were stronger than he had expected, and still, he had yet to fully go up against one. This whole time he had mainly been running away.

Only picking off those he was sure he could beat, if there was a high-level spike Dalki inside, would he be able to beat it?

"Look at me," Stark laughed at himself. "I never used to get this nervous whenever I competed before. For just being the fastest, I was always classified as the hero of the Penswi, but have I even done anything deserving of that title?"

The images of the dead Penswi on the planet appeared in his head. So many of the forces sent had been killed; there were only a few left. Out of all of them, why did he survive?

"If I turn away now... there is a good chance that everything would have been for nothing. I don't even know if this will work, I don't even know if this will even really help, but I have to try!"

With that thought in mind, Stark moved his legs, the power of the Fang set armour empowering him and allowing him to move faster than speeds he ever imagined. When he was at the perfect distance away from the door, he jumped up, spinning his body.

This move was something similar to that of the Graylash family with their lightning abilities. With both his arms stretched out and the pointed ends of the Penswi hands at the tip, he crashed into the door and ripped a clean hole right through it.

Immediately, Stark stopped himself on the other side, skidding across the floor and creating a trail of smoke from the friction with his feet. He needed to quickly get his bearings of the area.

"Where is he... where is the one known as Jack!" Stark moved his head in all corners of the room.

The room was more like that of a large office. There was a single large table inside with a few tables on the side filled with drinks and food. On one side of the room was a wall of screens, cameras that had zoomed in and were showing everything that had happened below.

Stark was able to see it, the battle of Sil and H that was going on. Thankfully, it looked like the two were still fighting, which meant that there was a chance that Stark's actions could affect the outcome of the fight.

"What is going on!" A voice shouted as he stood up from his seat and turned around.

It was a human, whom Stark could only presume was Jack. He was in the right location, and the room was secure. On top of that, his worst fear was true. There was also a five-spike Dalki that was by his side.

"I can do this, there is something else that I can do." Stark turned around in the room, and in doing so, he ran towards the door again. When he did, he jumped up, spinning his body and tearing through the metal-like steel door, then waited on the other side.

"Okay, the hole should now be big enough for me to get through if I was to bring Jack with me as well," Stark thought.

Rather than fight, Stark believed it was better for him to just run away with Jack and try to force him to use his powers, than face the Dalki in the room. Stark was ready to run back in again, that was until the door was smashed right through and the Dalki was seen breaking through the door.

"Arghh!" the Dalki shouted, looking for Stark.

"I forgot how hot-headed these guys were. I could have just got him to break the door all along. Well, that has just made things easier for me now."

Stark ran straight ahead towards the Dalki, but he didn't run at full speed. As usual with the Dalki, they were confident in their strength and speed, so it lifted its hands ready to slam them right down on Stark.

When the fists moved down, that's when Stark ran out at full speed and went completely around the Dalki. After that, he could see Jack just standing there aloof, almost unable to comprehend what was happening around him.

Grabbing him and putting him under his arm, Stark then ran back out, past the Dalki who was in mid-turn in looking behind him, and the two of them were gone.

Stark continued to run, going through the cruise ship without slowing down. He remembered seeing an area void of people. It was in the section of the ship being unused. It was almost a desert-like area.

Eventually, Stark had gotten there, and when he did, he let go and threw Jack across the floor. His body bounced a couple of times until he eventually stopped and slowly got up from the floor.

"What are you doing?" Jack said, propping himself up. "Do you have any idea who I am? Now that you have gone and done this, everyone on this ship is going to be after your life. You won't be alive much longer."

Jack started to look at the alien in front of him. He recognized it as one of those involved in the attack, and he wondered how it even got on the ship and to this situation where he was face to face with them.

"If you want to live, then you better do what I say," Stark stated. "You, you have the power to take the power away from those that you call the Dalki. I want you to use your power to take them all away. If you don't..."

Stark quickly ran up to where Jack was, in an instant and quicker than Jack could keep up with. He then lifted his foot and slammed it down right on his ankle. He was expecting Jack to scream in pain, but he did no such thing and instead pulled his foot out and rolled, standing up.

"Do you really think that I would be completely defenceless?" All of the clothes that Jack was wearing started to light up. They looked like ordinary clothes, fitting close to the body and not like beast armour at all. But judging from the power coming from the armour, it was beast armour, and at a high-tier level as well.

Convincing Jack wasn't going to be as easy as Stark thought.

*****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.