Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

ANNOUNCEMENT: My Werewolf System is on A.m.a.z.o.n If you haven't read it, now is your chance for a low cost of $4. It's also available as a physical book and as an audiobook. It's a great read to get the idea of the whole system universe!

******

Sil was back on his feet after using the regenerative powers, but at the same time, it didn't seem like H had been hurt at all. If Sil could turn the tides, it seemed unlikely to all those around but he wasn't going to give up.

In Sil's mind, little by little, he was finding things that worked, just like the hammer he recently used. He would have to open his mind a little when it came to fights.

Once again, clones had been made from Sil, but this time, he had only made five in total. One of them had a shield in their hands, another a large great sword, a hammer, a bow and arrow and finally, Sil himself, he had a staff in his hand.

"These are different?" H raised an eyebrow. The weapons that had been used by the clones so far, had been strong. Even though they were unable to pierce his skin, he could feel their power.

Which was why H could feel the energy coming off these weapons; they were slightly different.

"This staff isn't something I like using it a lot because it feels a bit cheap, but in this situation it's for the best!"

In one hand Sil held the staff, with a strong glowing crystal at the top, and in the other, he had his soul weapon, the ability book.

"I'm sorry to ask you this favour, but if you could protect them, to the best of your ability. That would be a big help." Sil asked, looking at Minny.

She nodded, if it was just protecting then she would have enough power in her ring for that.

H, still a distance away, lifted up his two hands, one of them transformed into a large hammer head, while the other had turned into a sharp blade. Once the transformation was done, lightning was covering both of the weapons held in H's arms.

The first thing H did was lift his large hammer hand and slam it across the floor. Lightning was sent everywhere and the only other things the clones of Sil could do, including Minny was jump.

The problem was they hadn't jumped high enough and the lightning in the ground was shooting up, almost chasing them.

Seeing this, all of the clones used another ability they had, teleportation, and teleported themselves even higher up in the air. For Minny, she had great strength in her legs and had already jumped high enough and for the real Sil, with the book constantly held in his hand he could easily change to the ability of flight and raised himself off the ground.

"Idiots!" H shouted, swinging his bladed hand, and the large energy left it. The attack was a single line of aura. It somewhat looked like a blood swipe but was ten times bigger in size and had a lightning coat around the attack.

'The clones, two of the abilities they had was teleportation and strength to make the attacks with the weapons stronger, and of course one of the abilities that was claimed to be the strongest, the lightning ability.'

At that moment, a coat had appeared on all of the clones of Sil. This way the lightning from the attack wouldn't out match them. Sil was confident that his ability powers were stronger than H's but what about the raw energy of the attack.

All of the clones were ready with their weapons, and all of them went to strike the same point of the attack, hoping to break through it, but there was a little vampire behind them, with her hand held out, who had other ideas.

What Sil didn't realise was just how strong and helpful Minny could be.

'Delete!' Minny thought in her head and the attack had disappeared.

It was at the perfect time, as everyone else had swung their weapons and fired the bow, all of the attacks went forward and were heading straight for H. Seeing this, his hammer had transformed into that of a large shield and all of the attacks hit the shield straight on.

'It's the first time he's blocked like that in this fight, rather than just using his body.'

Sil didn't have time to be amazed at what Minny could do, and instead pointed his staff forward, firing out a lightning strike hitting the shield arm, all of the attacks hitting one part of H had managed to break a scale and a clean wound had been made as blood started to pour out. The attack had stopped there.

"All of those attacks, and you have just damaged a scale on my body!" H exclaimed, putting his shield away and turning it back into a hammer.

"Everything has to start from somewhere." Sil said, teleporting to the other side, his staff lit up again and underneath H's feet he started to sink into a mud like substance. After that, large ice pillars appeared from the ground; they had done so in such a way that they restricted H's movements.

All of the ice pillars were dense and carefully sprouted from the ground so he was unable to move and build up momentum and his feet were now stuck in the ground as well.

The demon tier staff that Sil was using went incredibly well with his powers. Because it allowed him to use certain abilities at a distance without having to use his own hands.

For instance, the ice ability would have to be formed from one's hands leaving a trail on the ground. It was the same with the earth ability which was why they stomped the floor, and the mud ability. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

With the staff, he was able to use all those abilities from a distance as if he was right next to H.

'Now that he's trapped in place, and Minny's done her job, it's time for the others to attack!'

All of the clones teleported in and swung their weapons, fired, or bashed their shield into the different parts of H. With the added strength and the demon tier weapons, they were making large scratches on H's body with every hit.

They attempted to go for his head, but H was able to transform part of his shoulder into a spike. It hit one of the clones with a shield and sent him flying up in the air. Minny had grabbed him with her shadow stopping him, before allowing him to teleport and get back in the fight.

They attacked and attacked, trying to finish off the fight desprealty and Sil used all the range power he could of lightning, wind, fire, all hitting H. More blood was being spilt from H because of this and it was having an effect.

Moving his muscles , powering his body, he was breaking the ice, and the hard mud from underneath. Lightning was coating the outer part of his skin.

"ARGHHH!" H shouted, and all of the ice shattered in that moment. He swung his bladed hand immediately and sliced two of the clones in half. Swinging the hammer down, the Sil clone lifted up his shield.

But the moment it made impact the shield shattered and the clone was squashed. Finally with a swing of his leg, a large amount of energy left hitting the bow and arrow user, killing him in an instant as well.

Now, once again, only Sil and Minny were left.

"Thank you, for allowing me to reach this much power." H smiled.

This was one of the major problems with fighting a Dalki, if a last stand attack of powers weren't enough to kill a Dalki, then it would mean they were now only at their strongest.

H looked strong, he just had marks here and there all over his body, but his power seemed to have increased by a large amount.

"That's it I can't take it anymore!" Layla shouted. "If you aren't going to go out there and let Sil touch you, and your just going to let us all die including MInny, then your life might as well be useful for something."

Layla held out her hand, one pointed toward Russ the other toward Sil. Russ almost laughed wondering what she could do, that was until he could feel the energy being drained out of his body, and him falling to one knee almost.

Layla was using her soul weapon, and giving Russ's Qi energy, to Sil.

****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.