Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

﻿

ANNOUNCEMENT: My Werewolf System is on A.m.a.z.o.n If you haven't read it, now is your chance for a low cost of $4. It's also available as a physical book and as an audiobook. It's a great read to get the idea of the whole system universe!

******

Russ was already in a weakened state, after using nearly all of his MC cells, and transforming into whatever it was that was in the black sword. His body was in good condition since he hadn't taken the brunt of the attacks himself, but it was more so his ability form.

Which was why he was still able to stand well, walk and so on, which was why he found it so strange when his body started to feel weak. It felt like something was reaching deep into his stomach and pulling it out his insides and as time went on, he was getting weaker and weaker until he eventually fell to one knee.

Looking up, covered in sweat, he could only assume it was the doing of someone. "You b*tch!" Russ grunted. "What are you doing to me, after everything I've done for you. I saved your life and now you're trying to kill me."

Layla ignored Russ's cries because she needed to focus on what she was doing herself. Using her soul weapon was a difficult task due to the way it worked.

Technically she was using her telekinesis ability and with her soul weapon she was also able to control what was inside one's body and that was Qi. Right now, she wasn't just taking Qi from Russ and giving it to Sil, but trying to spread out her power far and wide and getting the energy from everyone in the area.

'Russ doesn't even have a lot of Qi energy in the first place, but if I use my powers I can gather energy from everyone else.'

Since the others were further away, the effect of the drain was lessened on them, but they all could feel themselves weakening. Since they weren't taking part in the fight they didn't see it as such a big deal.

As for H himself, Layla was also taking power from him. However, he had a strong sense of Qi and it was powerful, alive. It was harder for one to take energy when the Qi itself was attached to the person so strongly, it was easier when they were weakened.

This is what made Layla realise the large difference between the two. She could see it, and even though she was giving power to Sil, there was a huge concern.

'How much had Sil weakened from that time he spent on that ship… he has all this amazing power inside him, but it's almost like he can't utilise it because of his body.'

Thinking about this, there was a worry about what she was doing. Just in case, she decided to move some of the Qi that was in the area, and started to power her own body as well.

——

Sil had lost all of his clones, and using his clones took up quite a bit of his MC cells, so instead he decided to try his best to focus on fighting with the staff as well as using his powers.

H was faster than he was before with his injuries, and was charging right after Sil. Each time Sil would set up a number of abilities to use against H and teleport out of the way. However, from those watching, they could see each time H was catching up as well.

Moving faster, using powers to try and trap Sil. Even encasing areas with ice. Sil was getting away, but just barely, and the tension from watching the fight was making everyone's heart beat faster.

'I can feel my body. It's getting stronger… is it from one of the others?' Sil thought as he rapidly teleported around the place. The use of H and his powers was getting quicker, better and stronger, and now there wasn't even a chance for Sil to attack his opponent.

'If I continue like this, I should be able to produce stronger attacks.'

Although most abilities just relied on the use of MC cells for them to be powerful, that wasn't the case with all abilities. One could get a good boost with a strong body with some abilities.

Especially at the advanced level, Sil had learned how to push powers through his body to give them more power like he had done with the lighting rings, but he couldn't use them to their full potential.

With this in mind, and since he was unable to use the skills of the staff, Sil placed the staff away. He then quickly gathered strength and several lightning rings around his arm, powering the power through him.

Teleporting right behind H, he threw out his fists hitting him in the back. Anticipating this move though, H had turned around as well and had his lightning hammer, he swung it out, while Sil swung out his fist.

The two collided and the lightning rings around Sil's fist bunched up together. Large electric pulses emitted in the entire area one after the other, and each time it was pushing the hammer back slightly, but in the end, the hammer's power won out, with the immense strength that H had, the two spikes on his shoulders extended growing again and a surge of power whacked Sil away.

His arm had collapsed in on itself, all of the muscles were damaged, tendons ripped. At that point Minny had captured Sil again, and decided for the two of them to go into the shadow space, disappearing from the battlefield.

"Uncle Sil, you need to heal yourself." Minny said.

While they were in the shadow space, he could use his powers without worrying, but they needed to be quick, otherwise it would mean those outside would suffer.

H, outside was looking around the place and searching for them. He had no clue how the shadow worked.

"Do you see what's happening now?" Layla asked.

"If Sil can't fight, then H will go after us. Do you even know who that is?"

"What do you mean?" Russ replied.

"We found out the information, that thing right there is not just any Dalki, but a Dalki that's made with the Blade family, not just any of the Blades but also has the DNA of Hilston. The one who was behind the whole Chained in the first place!"

"If there is anyone that hates the Blades as much as you do, then that would be Sil. Sil would do anything to get rid of the past of the Blades, and now, there is nearly no one from the Blades left alive, of the group trying to change their name!"

Russ who liked to talk back a lot, and was now down on both knees didn't say anything. There was no way for him to confirm this was true, and inside him, it just felt wrong to do it.

"Anyway, I've given up on convincing you." Layla siad.

At that moment, Sil and Minny had come out of the shadow. She continued to give some power to Sil but not all, she knew it was dangerous for his current body to take everything in, and that even with the boost of Qi that Sil wouldn't be able to win.

She was going with her own plan. Having gathered enough energy herself, she picked up the black sword, and grabbed Russ by the scruff of the neck.

"If you really don't care about dying so much, then we should head out to the battlefield!" Layla grabbing Russ ran out, with the black sword in her hand.

She wasn't drawing power out of it, but just kept it in front of her. The energy from the battle and clashes were so intense that she might be blown back if she didn't have the sword.

Now with the two of them on the battlefield, Layla only had a last few words to say to Russ as she let go.

"Now you choose, you either die by the one you hate, or help Sil and live, you decide."

******

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.