Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Webtoon announcement: My Dragon System Webtoon is out on webnovel! If you haven't read Dragon System, it contains the main character Ray. So this is your chance to experience it in comic form. Just search on webnovel through the comic section of the app! Read the series that started it all!

********

There were around fifty different Quinn's or more accurately they were all Sil around the place, all of them looking identical to the first Sil that had transformed. They all had rings of lightning around their arms, and they were larger than before.

Due to the Qi powering him and his new, stronger body, Sil was able to input more power into his attack.

There weren't as many clones as there were the first time when Sil was using his own power, but he had already been fighting for a while. He had a bit of a boost in MC cells thanks to Russ, but he still needed to fight and finish off H.

"I have gone through so much, I won't... I won't... I won't be taken down by you again!" H shouted at the top of his lungs.

This was a strange comment to make because technically H hadn't lost to Sil or Quinn before, but due to the DNA being mixed in and how H was created, strange memories were being mixed in.

A feeling was starting to enter H, one that he hadn't felt before, it was as if his body knew, he was afraid.

He lifted up both of his arms, transforming them into hammers once more. They were coated in the strong flames from before rather than the lightning.

The moment he lifted his hands, though, shadows had covered both of them, completely subduing the flames.

"Right now, I have the power of fifty Quinns, and all of them are able to use their shadow and blood powers."

On top of the shadows being created, large blood swords could be seen from above. They were gigantic in size. From space, from the Marpo cruise, these large swords would have been seen.

All of them moved, and all of them were heading straight for H.

"If I jump, I'll be able to escape the shadow and use my arms!" H thought, bending his knees down.

Before he could take off, the clones of Sil fired out rings of lightning. They were more powerful than the initial attack from before and coming at him from all angles. As the rings of lightning hit H's body, a pulse of lightning in a ring shape emitted throughout the whole area.

This was going off again and again as each ring of lightning hit H. He was unable to move no matter what he did, and each time the lightning struck him, blood splattered out from his mouth.

"This is impossible. How can I be unable to do anything? I have become a ten spike with great power!"

From H's back, the flames emitted like a rocket once more. He lifted his legs, hoping it would propel him forward and defend against the attacks or at least get rid of the lightning circles that were hitting him.

However, when the flames came out, instead of lightning strikes, large amounts of shadow created a wall, blocking out the flames. They were unable to harm anything, and now, more lightning strikes from the front were fired, hitting H directly.

With the damage building up, for the first time, H was able to take a step forward, but as he did, gigantic blood swords fell down from above.

The first one hit H's arm, slicing through his thick skin, going a few inches deep. Before he knew it, the rest of the large blood swords had struck H all over his body.

The blood swords, upon touching H's body, condensed into a raw form of blood power—smaller in size but continuing to exert pressure. Each sword continued to strike at H.

"The energy... it's still rising in me, but with all of these attacks, at this rate, I'll be dead soon."

With this in mind, H did something he perhaps never should have done and started to use his Regeneration ability. Pinned down on the ground by the condensed blood swords, he tried to lift himself up.

"That was a big mistake!" Sil said as all of the Quinns charged in with large blood drills around their hands. The drills spiralled as they descended to strike H.

He covered his head, hissing as he used both of his forearms to shield himself. He had managed to pull himself out of the blood swords just in time, but all the devastating strikes crashed into him.

The waves of power were sent out far and wide, causing the planet itself to react to the attack. Storms brewed, clouds rained, thunder rumbled, and lava spewed from the cracks created by the fight.

In an instant, it was as if the whole planet's scenery had changed as the force of multiple blood drills hit H's body.

As quickly as H was being injured, he attempted to heal his body as much as he could. Dalki were very resilient, and being a ten spike meant he was even more so.

However, he was barely hanging on as the damage continued to accumulate, and his healing abilities were unable to keep up.

After the Sills had attacked with the blood drills, they moved out of the way. Now, levitating in the air, there were several Sills with flame rings around their arms.

"I know that it might not be enough to kill you. I need to make sure that you are never able to come back again. I need to ensure that every last bit of you is burnt up!"

The rings of fire came out from each Sil, and just like with the lightning, as they hit H's body, giant rings of flame aura spread out through the area. These pulses of power were all aimed below, further and further into the ground, hitting H relentlessly.

The onlookers were unable to see anything as flames erupted in one particular place, and the heat was too much for them to handle. Eventually, though, sweat could be seen running down Sil's face.

He was getting tired, but he continued to use his powers, and soon one by one, the clones of Sil started to disappear. Sil stayed in the air, continuing to fire out rings of fire.

"You killed them... you killed everything that I tried to protect. Why did you have to, why did you have to take everything away from me!" Sil shouted at the top of his lungs.

Then, he was the only Sil left. His hair started to revert back to its original state, and his body weakened, returning to its frail self once again.

Using Russ's powers in the way he was using them, even with his seemingly infinite MC cells, was starting to drain, and eventually, Sil landed on the ground, puffing and panting, barely able to stand.

The whole planet looked nothing like it did before. The ground was scorched black, and so were all the rocks around it. The unusual environment created by the fighting had caused mass destruction here and there, but now it was starting to settle down as the fight appeared to be over.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"I can't believe it, even after all that?" Sil stated.

His eyes amazed him, and as the others started to approach, they could see why. They expected H to be nothing but a pile of ashes, yet his body was still there.

It was hard to call it a body, as its skin had been torn open to shreds, with dried and burnt blood. The bones of the Dalki were on full display. It was clear from the state the Dalki was in, despite its powers and special traits, that there would be no coming back from this.

It was astonishing to even see that there was a glimmer of life in H's eyes, his mouth barely intact.

"You... think you've won this, haven't you?" H said. "I... have nothing to lose now that I've lost. So that means we both lose... six abilities. I have six abilities," H said.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.