Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Webtoon announcement: My Dragon System Webtoon is out on webnovel! If you haven't read Dragon System, it contains the main character Ray. So this is your chance to experience it in comic form. Just search on webnovel through the comic section of the app! Read the series that started it all!

******

*****

Looking at H on the ground there was still life in his eyes, even in the state he was in. Through his ripped skin and his few sharp teeth, Sil could make out what he thought was a smile that soon turned into a chuckle.

"Ha..ha..ha." H stated.

'This Dalki, everything about him reminds me of H… and that can't just be a coincidence.' Sil thought. 'The vision I saw, of all of the Blades dying, in the end I was unable to stop it, but there are still a lot of lives on this planet around us.

'Think if this was H, what would he have up his sleeve?'

Thinking back to a long long time ago, Sil remembered when Hilston had been defeated. At the time, Hilston had a final ace up his sleeve a trick and that was the second chance skill. Even if one was killed once, they would be given a second chance.

Either way, they were able to predict that, and through predicting it, got rid of Hilston once and for all.

'Is that it, has this Dalki taken the Second Chance skill as well? I have to assume that whatever I have is something that I can use as well.'

The laughter from H was getting slower and slower, his grip onto life was fading from him.

'The second chance skill wouldn't make any sense in this situation. I would be able to get to him, before he even had a chance to regenerate.

'At the same time, Hilston wasn't one to make the same mistake twice. I don't know why I keep thinking of this Dalki as Hilston, but if it was him, and he didn't have the second chance skill, then what would he do.'

Sil thought back to the fight so far. The power of lightning, the power of ice, the power of fire, the ability to transform, and the ability to regenerate. With all these skills, that was five abilities all together.

Then, the last words from H had entered Sil's mind.

'Is he thinking what I think he's thinking? There is one way I can confirm.'

The book appeared in Sil's hand once more, and soon changed to his foresight ability. In an intense battle like the one he had, it was worse for him to use it, as he needed to see the future images and also react to it. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The two of them were too strong and too fast, so much so that it would have only had a negative impact on the fight between the two.

Finally, Sil was able to see what was going to happen, and his worst fears had come true.

"We will both lose… that's it, it's the only ability I can think of, you… you b*stard!" Sil screamed. "You already took out so many people. You won't even be alive anymore, so why would you even bother to take such a thing!!"

H smiled once again.

"Wherever I go to, whatever happens to me after this. I will be happy to know that i took everyone with me!"

There were hundreds of abilities that Sil had copied during his time, and during that time he had memorised all of them, learned how to use them best and come up with new ways to use the abilities, but there was one ability that could never be tested.

Its powers he had seen before, it was even written in Hilston's journal. He would force some to learn it, so it could be used in cruel ways. It was the power of self destruction. It was an abaility that was increadilby strong because it only had one condition for it to be reached, the user had to die.

'That ability, it works on the user's MC cells just like anything else. In the usual case, one could't really use this abaility so the MC cells would still cause it to have a pretty devastating explosion. That's the case in a normal person, but in the case of H?

'He wasn't able to use much of his MC cells during the fight, I didn't give him the chance to, and if even now as close to death as he is, the Dalki trait is working, it might have boosted his MC cell's to the max. Just what type of explosion… is going to happen?'

"It seems you've figured it out… haha!" H laughed.

H could feel it, maybe he had three more breaths in him, before he would no longer be, and then he could only imagine the destruction and devastation it would cause.

'Should I try and teleport him?' Sil thought, sweat was running down his forehead and dropping onto the floor. He used his foresight ability once more, and he could see the result straight away.

'The explosion it would cause… It's too big. I don't have enough MC cell's to take him that far away from here. Never mind coming back again as well. What if I was to try and heal him? If I heal his wounds then the damage would be smaller, maybe even stop the explosion from happening?" Sil thought.

Once again though, looking into the future that wouldn't work either, it would only delay the time before H's death.

"Sil, use me!" Layla shouted.

She wasn't sure what was happening, but she could see a large amount of Smog that was building up above Sil's head. It was heavy and she only guessed that perhaps H had something up his sleeve.

With her sword, there might be something she could do. She threw it up in the air straight at Sil. He glanced to his right while reaching out for the sword. The life in the eyes of H were disappearing, they were going away, Sil managed to catch the sword in his hand and immediately he could feel his powers disappearing.

At that moment, he believed he had made a mistake, now he was unable to even use his powers to stop H. There was only the sword, but it was all too late, H had taken his last breath.

Sil could no longer feel any life coming from H.

"Everyone get down!" Sil shouted out of instinct, even though it wouldn't matter, because all of them would be dead anyway.

Instead though, he lifted the black sword, and was aiming to stab it into H, but stopped, as he noticed nothing was happening.

"What's going on… was it a trick? No, that's impossible. I saw with my own ability that H would blow up.'

Dropping the sword on the ground, Sil used his ability once more, but there was no sign of H blowing up anymore. Just what had happened?

----

"I've done it!" Jack shouted out, blood spewing out from his mouth. Most of his teeth having fallen out.

Holding him by the scruff of his neck with his one good arm, was none other than Stark.

"I did what you asked… all of their powers have been taken away, so just spare me please!"

Jack's body was incredibly damaged, several holes were in his body, as well as broken bones. After breaking the shield Stark had to do a little convincing, but in the end. He had achieved what he had set out to achieve.

'I hope what I have done has helped out in any way possible.' Stark thought.

------

H had perished and he was no more, and soon his body was turning into nothing but particles, floating in the air. However, some of the particles on the ground had started to gather, and when the rest of the body disappeared, there was now a crystal in its place left behind.

The crystal had some dark scales on the outer surface of it, like a type of skin, while the inside was raw with yellow energy bouncing around.

It was now, all that was left of H.

"It's over… it's really over." Sil said, looking at the crystal and he carefully watched as a dark hand picked the crystal up off the floor.

"Yes… it really is over." Mundus said, with the god slayer crystal in his hand.

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.