Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

My Dragon System Webtoon already has 28 chapters on webnovel! If you haven't read Dragon System, it contains the main character Ray. So this is your chance to experience it in comic form. Just search on webnovel through the comic section of the app!

*****

The war had spanned a lot longer than originally intended, and the truth of the matter was that neither side knew who was winning or what was going on. For the Alien Alliance, they all felt like they were defending with everything they had, close to losing everything, or perhaps they had already lost it all.

There had been next to no communication from the other planets, making them believe the worst-case scenario. Still, they clung to the hope that until they heard news of a loss or heard the word to surrender, they would keep on fighting.

This made it harder for the Dalki, human, and vampire forces to fight back. The whole battle was far harder than they had ever imagined. In the end, though, the group composed of many Dalki and humans had managed to finish off another planet.

This meant that of the three battles they had taken part in, on the three separate planets, they had now won against two of them.

"We'll make sure to take out every single one of these on here that is alive! Make sure not a single one of them is hiding!" A five-spike Dalki commander shouted to the others. The Dalki looked around at the destruction, the losses they had accumulated.

"Sir!" A young human came over with a large device on his back. It looked like a backpack but was made completely of electronic components. After approaching the Dalki commander, he swung the bag around his back and placed it on the floor.

"I did as you asked. I contacted the Marpo Cruise base asking for orders. I was trying to get an update on the current situation, asking whether we should go aid the other forces or just head back, but the news... "

"Just spit it out!" The Dalki angrily said, already impatient and fearing that he would be blamed for the current mess they were in. They had struggled greatly, and a lot of blame would be put on them.

Instead of explaining the situation, the human thought it was best if he just played the messages that he had received.

"This is an urgent message: Jack Truedream has been kidnapped! I repeat, Jack Truedream appears to have been kidnapped. All forces are to search for him on board the Marpo Cruise. All those on the ground are to look for him on the current planets you are at. Find Jack Truedream at all costs!"

When the message ended, there was a concerned look on the commander's face, and he didn't have a good feeling about what he had heard. Their battle had ended a while ago, and most of them were recovering, just doing simple searches in the area.

Placing his hand out, the Dalki pointed it towards some rubble of a broken building in the distance. His hand started to shake, his eyebrows furrowed, but nothing happened.

"It's true... Something must have happened to Jack Truedream... I've lost my powers."

------

The emergency message had been played out loud and clear, and the news had also spread to the other Marpo cruise that belonged to Jim Eno. Most of the vampires on board had already been sent down below, at least those taking part in the fight.

There was a small skeleton crew that had received the message, and they were panicking even more than before as they held their heads in their hands.

"What is going on... All of the cameras on board, they don't seem to be working properly, so I can't get a read on what's happening below!" one of the vampires panickedly said.

"We need to move. There is an energy source coming off from the planet. It's swirling and hitting the bottom of the ship. The ship's systems are detecting it as a threat."

"That's crazy. There are no energy blasts or anything that can be seen outside. Are you saying that just pure energy coming off from the planet is harming us? From all the way down there, but it doesn't even look like any fighting is going on"

"We can't get in contact with Jim either. He's down below... What are we to do?"

Down below, where the capital of the Amra resided, the scene was drastically different from what it was moments ago. The Demon tier shadow beasts were fending off the strong vampire forces. The vampires had to gather in groups, using their powers and weapons just to push them back.

While the fight was going on, an order had been declared for all of the Amra to head back into the tower. The shadow beasts, rather than attacking at that moment, concentrated on defending, and little by little, all of the Amra forces had headed right back into the tower.

Geo took one last look at the scene outside before deciding to head in, and the two vampires, Jeouk and Ronkin, who had helped, were guided inside with Geo as well.

The Demon shadow beasts continued, but noticing that all of the Amra had disappeared, the vampires had decided to push, getting closer to the tower.Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Stop!" Hikel shouted, the fourth original leader. "There is no need for us to fight and kill each other!"

"Hahah, are you only saying that because you fear that you will lose?" Magnus replied.

Hikel, Edvard, Grenlet, and Bianca had all gathered in front of the tower. They didn't head inside because although they were helping Quinn, they weren't part of the alien forces. The rest of the vampires were still out there on the battlefield.

"This is ridiculous!" Hikel shouted. "You are following someone that we have next to no connection with. They made all these claims, and the people stated they were true, so we decided to help out. But haven't you always thought things were strange?"

"Haven't you thought that maybe the one named Quinn was telling the truth?"

Magnus, as well as the other originals, had stopped for a second. They continued to gather blood aura around their bodies, ready to fight at any moment.

"You certainly seemed to have changed your tune fairly quickly," Magnus said. "Why is that? Is it because the vampire that you are going against has the powers of the Shadow? I guess you plan to betray the current leader with the Punishers, just like you did to me back then."

Hikel grunted, knowing this would be a hard one to convince. The Punisher's covenant was created in the first place when Magnus was the king of the vampires. When war broke out, there were those on the Punishers' side and those on the king's side, and the current king in question was Magnus himself.

To him, it seemed like history was repeating itself.

"Look, whether or not you and I see the same goal is a different thing altogether," Hikel stated. "We both, no, we all care about what happens to the vampires. We all care about the future of the vampires, and that's why we strongly fight for it. In the end, the vampires came from us, so their lives are our responsibility.

"But this, look around you, look at all the death, and even us fighting against each other. Why are we fighting alien races when we don't even have a proper reason for fighting them? The vampires as we know it could go extinct because of this one person. So I'm just asking you to stop and question what is going on for a moment."

Magnus didn't say anything, and the other originals that stood by his side were looking at him to make a decision. Because if one of them backed down, especially Magnus, who was one of the stronger originals, then the fight would be pointless.

The aura around Magnus disappeared, as it looked like it would come to an end.

"The only reason why I am backing down is because the outcome of this whole thing won't be decided by us, and you know it," Magnus stated. "You can feel the energy coming from behind us, can't you? The victor of those two will be the one that determines what happens here.

"As for me, I will choose my own path."

The wind blew, and Magnus disappeared from all of their sight, off in the distance. Where he went, they weren't quite sure, nor what he would do from now on. To a lot of the originals, though, when they had been woken up by Jim, they were going with the flow of this new world.

Some of them even wished to go back to slumber after all of this was done, but there were others, like Magnus, who had goals of their own to achieve.

With Magnus gone, the other originals stood down, and Hikel and Edvard stared into the distance.

"You can feel that energy, right?" Edvard asked.

"Yeah... It looks like Jim's protector is going up against the one named Quinn," Hikel answered. "Although I don't like to admit that Magnus is right, in this situation, I think he is. This whole war won't be determined by Jim, Jack, or the leader of the aliens. It will be through those two."

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.