Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

My Dragon System Webtoon already has 28 chapters on webnovel! If you haven't read Dragon System, it contains the main character Ray. So this is your chance to experience it in comic form. Just search on webnovel through the comic section of the app!

******

Since Magnus had suddenly left the scene to do who knew what or go who knew where, the other leaders were reluctant to fight anymore, especially against Hikel, who before this mess was doing a pretty good job leading them all. They respected Hikel a lot but were somewhat confused by the sudden change of heart, as they weren't part of the Punishers covenant like the others.

"What should we do now? Do we stay here, or what? It even seems like the Shadow beasts have just gone off and disappeared somewhere?" Edvard commented.

In the middle of the Originals' scuffle, it was true the Shadow beasts had a shadow appear behind them and suddenly disappeared, leaving the remaining vampires with no enemy to fight. The Amra were no longer there, so the vampires were just left confused but on high alert.

"There has to be a reason why all of the aliens retreated into this tower. For now, let's just make sure none of the vampires enter the tower," Hikel replied.

Bianca was also curious about the tower and had walked up to the outer edge. She reached out with her hand, and when it was close to touching the walls, small sparks of energy came off from it.

It certainly was an interesting thing, and it didn't look like one could enter it by just pushing the two front doors open.

"I'll go ahead and tell the other vampires to stay in the area then. The last thing we want is them getting swept up in whatever is coming," Grenlet said. He was ready to jump from his position when suddenly he felt extremely weak.

So weak that he had fallen on one knee for a moment. The energy was draining from him, his legs, the power in his arms, and of all things, there was a pain in his head that Grenlet didn't even recognize—a dull ache like that of a headache.

"What is this? What has overcome me? Is it a type of poison, or is someone using some type of skill on me?" Grenlet thought. "Who is it? Is it one of the leaders?"

Thinking this, Grenlet turned his head but soon noticed that it wasn't only him that was being affected. It was all of the leaders. Although they weren't on their knees, there was a look of discomfort on their faces.

Sweat could be seen on them, with beads running down their faces. Eventually, Grenlet was getting used to the feeling and was able to stand up again but noticed that he was sweating quite a bit as well and was starting to feel quite hot.

"All of these feelings, it's unusual. And what could be affecting the other leaders as well?"

"Is everyone feeling the same thing right now?" Edvard asked, and he could see everyone replying with a nod.

"Look... look at the others," Bianca said, pointing.

If one thought the leaders were struggling with whatever this was, they could now see that the rest of the vampires had collapsed and were on the floor. Hikel jumped from his position.

He was still relatively strong, but he could tell he had lost half of his power. When looking at the vampires on the floor, Hikel could see that they were experiencing similar symptoms, and that's when he noticed something else—a slight burn on the face.

"This can't be?" Hikel thought and immediately looked at the vampire's hand, noticing he was wearing a ring.

"What is it?" Edvard said, landing by his side. "It seems you have figured something out."

Hikel then tilted the vampire's face so Edvard could see the same thing.

"Wait, these symptoms... is this the effect of the sun? But how can that be? They are wearing their rings, aren't they? And it has been a long time since we were affected by the sun."

"It's been so long that we forgot what it even feels like, but I'm sure of it," Hikel replied. "For whatever reason, everyone is experiencing symptoms as if they were being hit by the sun. We have no choice; we need to evacuate every vampire from this planet as soon as possible."

It might have been a rash decision, but there were only a few vampires who could stand, and whatever this feeling was, it was consistent and building up. If they stayed in it for too long, eventually some vampires would possibly die.

The evacuation of the vampires was underway. The vampire leaders also had the ability to communicate with those on board the Marpo Cruise, and ships were being sent down to their location.

At first, Hikel was a little worried that they would be attacked on the way, but there were no such attacks.

——

Meanwhile, as all of this was going on, Geo and Dober were making sure the rest of the Amra were being treated, while they tried to calm down those who were unable to see their loved ones.

They were now with the rest of the Amra after all, but they didn't complain for long. They just held in their tears because they knew it was a tough situation for them all, especially those who had managed to survive and head back.

The Amra were staying in a village that had been established in the tower on one of the floors. After everyone was settled, in a vast field where most of the wounded Amra were being treated, Dober decided to bring out a strange square-looking device. He placed it on the ground in the middle of the field, away from the others, and a projection appeared in the air.

"What's that?" Geo asked.

"It's our planet," Dober replied. "It's a device connected to the tower that allows us to see what is going on outside. I kept this a secret from Quinn, as I didn't want him to feel distracted when making his equipment."

Controlling the strange device, Dober went through the entire city, or what was left of it, and eventually could see Quinn and Ray standing opposite each other, both in their full suits of armour.

———

Quinn looked at Ray intently. Ray stood there, looking part Dalki and part human, more human than the last time Quinn had seen him, covered in his red dragon scale-like armour.

"I knew we would meet each other again," Ray said with a smile. "And it looks like you got an upgrade since the last time I saw you."

"I could say the same to you," Quinn replied. "You didn't listen to me last time, so I guess you're committed to fighting?"

Ray's smile said it all. There was no changing his mind, not unless they could completely alter his memories.

"At the very least, don't you think we should give everyone a chance to leave this planet? I would like the vampires who have no part in this to have the ability to leave."

"That would make sense, since you are a vampire after all," Ray replied. "I guess you still have some positive feelings towards them. But how do we clear the area? You want me to just shout really loud?"𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Don't worry about that, I have a way," Quinn said.

[Skill activated]

[Sunfire burn]

The phoenix markings on Quinn's armour lit up, and a light red power emanated from his armour. It could only be seen for a moment, but there was a slight dark orange mist that quickly dissipated. However, in the area they were standing, there was an intense heat that could be felt, and it quickly spread throughout the entire planet.

[Passive damage is being dealt within a certain area]

[The power of the Phoenix spreads out.]

"That's quite a fancy armour you have there, but this only tickles my skin," Ray commented.

The two of them waited for a bit and could see the ships coming back and forth from the planet. With this, Quinn felt satisfied.

"This is good. Now I can fight without any distractions."

*****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.