Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Ray's story, My Dragon System has a Webtoon already has 28 chapters on webnovel! This is your chance to experience it in comic form. Just search on webnovel through the comic section of the app!

*****

The Sunfire Burn skill had been activated. It was powerful and the range was a lot further than Quinn expected. To the point where any vampire that was in the city and perhaps even further on was able to feel the effects of the armour.

The scary fact was, that there was no resistance to it. Just like when Quinn had fought against the phoenix, even though he had long grown resistant to the sun, the phoenix still affected him, and in this case it still affected the vampires as well.

If any person was to wear this piece of armour and was to use this skill and walk into the vampire settlement, they would have a devastating advantage.

This was the first skill that Quinn had used in the fight with Ray. Of course, Quinn himself while wearing the armour was unaffected and it didn't come as much of a surprise that Ray seemed completely fine even though he was the one closest to him.

Sure, Ray wasn't a vampire, but there was still a burning effect and passive damage that would be done to non-vampires as well, it just affected vampires a bit more.

Quinn stared straight ahead at Ray, his eyes glowing red, shifting his feet slightly. The mask could be seen over his mouth. At the side of the Oni mask, where the two dials by his cheeks were, red mist was being sucked into the mask.

Even now the mask's power was being used, storing blood power from all around. Then finally the last ship could be seen leaving the planet.

"You said that there are no distractions for you right, so I assume you won't be holding back, so neither will I!" Ray lifted up his foot and a strong energy gathered around it.

It looked almost like flames, but the colour was a darker red, not quite the same as blood aura, not quite the same as fire.

Stomping the ground, this energy dispersed outward in all directions. The wave of energy blasted out and hit Quinn. The energy had blinded him for a second but passed through him, he didn't feel any pain or discomfort, whether it was due to his own power or the armour protecting him he wasn't sure.

When Quinn could see again, the entire scene in front of him looked vastly different. The rubble of the broken down buildings, the rocks that still stood strong while the fighting had gone on, all of it was gone.

It had disappeared and all that could be seen now was the planet's surface. Somehow Ray had turned all of it into nothing.

The strange thing was, only the structures had disappeared, apart from the tower that could be seen in the distance. All the bodies from the battle still lay there on the ground, the blood still present and even Jim's, Peter's and Chris' bodies who were still outside on the planet.

"I just thought we should have a nicer area to fight in that's all!'' Ray said, as he grinned and out from the back, piercing through a slit in his armour, two large red wings popped out. Not wasting any time, Ray kicked off with his feet, and flapped his wings.

When he did, with a boost in speed, he came out right at Quinn. HIs wings then gathered close to his body, as he spun. The same energy that had gathered around Ray's foot now gathered around his whole body.

Quinn thought had been waiting for this, he was waiting for Ray to move, and he had moved at the same time. Running off from the ground the armour set was activating with its full power, giving him the same speed as he would have if he used nitro accelerate.

The whole armour was glowing a light blue as the Limitless skill was activating. Pure power was running through Quinn but he wasn't going to let all the armour do the work.

Following from behind his fist, Blood aura lingered in a huge wave that filled the entire area behind him. The image of a dragon was being made, and to top it off, Quinn poured in his Qi into a pinpoint area.

The fist slammed right into Ray's aura and the two powers clashed. A large wave spread out immediately from the blow, throwing the dead bodies, and those still alive that were close to it, off into the distance.

The ground beneath their feet lifted up and started to disintegrate due to the force.

Quinn looked at his hand, he had done the Dragon pulse blood strike, it was the most powerful version of the attack he had ever done, yet Ray's hand could be seen gripping his completely.

"Of all things you chose to do, you create the image of a dragon out of your blood strike. Let me show you the strength of a real dragon!" Ray gripped tightly onto Quinn's hand making sure he was unable to let go.

Opening up his mouth, the aura could be seen building up, his mouth spread wide, and a condensed fireball blast came out, hitting Quinn right in the chest and at close range.

'What the… there's not a scratch on the armour?' Ray was more than surprised.

Taking this chance, Quinn twisted his foot and threw out his other hand right at Ray.

'I know, using the blood aura, in weapon form, or as blood swipes and so on is useless against someone like this. That armour on his body, will just protect him from it all. So the only way I can do damage is to put all of my power into my fists and, with the gauntlets added strength and try to do some real damage!'

In the middle of throwing out his hand, Ray had moved his head, firing out another fireball, it clashed with the hand and stopped Quinn's fist dead in its tracks.

'That fireball was strong enough to do that?'

Soon, condensed fireball after condensed fireball crashed into Quinn's chest piece hitting him one after the other. The attack's weren't enough to harm the armour but the sheer power still vibrated through Quinn, damaging him on the inside.

In a desperate attempt, Quinn went out to throw another blood powered fist, it missed and the attack continued outward, going far across the land. Ray then grabbed his arm, lifting him above and slammed him right into the floor below.

Ray opened up his mouth again and the fireballs continued to hit Quinn, forcing him deeper and deeper into the ground. Then grabbing Quinn, he threw him up in the air slightly, before giving a powerful strike with his fist.

Quinn was pounded and sent further up and higher into the air, and blood fell from his mouth, leaking through the Oni mask.

"I guess that new fancy armour is just for show." Ray said , as he opened his mouth wide again.

The dark orange energy was building inside him, the veins around his face were glowing with the energy and it spread throughout his wings as well. Leaning back slightly, Ray let out an eruption of dark orange power.

Quinn was recovering but was still up in the air.

'This attack, this is what my shadow was unable to block last time. I thought with the armour, I might be faster than him, or stronger than him, but… is he still stronger? If that's the case, I just need to utilise everything I have.'

The orange flame continued to spew out of Ray's mouth and it covered the entire sky. It went out for a few seconds before Ray eventually closed his mouth shut. When the flames stopped, he could see nothing in the sky.

'No… that's far too easy for him to go out like that.'

A shadow appeared in the sky and Quinn was seen appearing from it. He had avoided the attack. With his boots active skill, he started to push off the air and ran right toward Ray.

In the middle of his run, a cloud of smoke puffed right in front of Quinn, but when continuing to run forward, Ray could see him right ahead.

'What was that?'

Ray focused on Quinn coming toward him, he soon heard footsteps to his side, and they had immediately grabbed him holding him in place.

'I used the clouds to create the clones and then using my shadow power, transported them to Ray's side, and now with them holding him still.'

Quinn crashed like a flying sword hitting Ray right in the chest and pushing him across the ground tearing it up left, right, and centre.

Lifting his hands, Quinn's blood aura started to spark around his gauntlets.

[Energy converter has been used]𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

[Special trait activated lighting]

[Lightning blood can now be used]

The two dials on the side of Quinn's mask had moved and the red mist turned into sparks of red lighting.

"Maybe this will do more than just tickle you!"

[Blood shock]

*****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.