Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Ray's story, My Dragon System has a Webtoon already has 28 chapters on webnovel! If This is your chance to experience it in comic form. Just search on webnovel through the comic section of the app!

******

The blood aura that had been surrounding Quinn's gauntlets and had been following behind with every punch, had suddenly changed. It now started to spark all around his fists. While on top of Ray, opening up his hands, he slammed them right against Ray, one towards his chest and the other on top of his head.

Quinn was gripping tightly but no matter how hard he gripped he was unable to break through the skull of Ray. There was power surging through him that was protecting him but that didn't matter, because Quinn was aiming for something else anyway.

[Blood shock]

Out from his fists all of Quinn's blood aura had gathered and streaks of red lightning appeared from his hands, it encased all of Ray's body. The lightning strike looked like a storm above the two as lightning fired off in all directions and high up in the air.

The blood lightning had hit both of Quinn's clones in the process making them puff into a cloud of smoke.

"ARGGHH!" Quinn screamed at the top of his lungs putting more of his aura into the attack aiming to take out his enemy right here. This attack had worked against Peter, so he was hoping it would do the same here.

Blood shock was a move that was able to be created thanks to the God Slayer mask that he was wearing. The blood aura from the battle around him as well as his own could be stored in the mask.

This allowed him to have a somewhat unlimited blood bank as well as a way to use extra blood aura energy when needed, but there was another skill of the mask.

[Energy converter]

Using this, Quinn had converted the energy to that of lightning. At first Quinn thought it would just give him some sort of lightning attribute to his attacks, but it was far better than that.

The lightning was mixing in with his blood to create a new special type of attack. This not only had the power of a lightning strike like the Graylash ability, but was also able to strike internally.

The lightning went through the body, reacting with the user's blood inside. Little sharp shocks of power were going through the entirety of Ray's body, and one would normally be in excruciating pain.

"Haven't you learned not to come so close to me?" Ray said, gritting his teeth and moving his arms, grabbing both of Quinn's wrists, the one on his head and the one on his chest.

Ray's leg was covered in the same energy in his initial attack that he had used to clear the area. From his knee all the way down to his toes. Lifting his leg up, he pulled on Quinn's arm and with the bottom of his foot slammed it right into Quinn's stomach.

A loud pop was heard as Quinn's arms had been dislocated from his shoulders, the energy had also gone right through Quinn's body exploding on the other side.

Gritting his teeth, shadow started to wrap around Quinn's arms, and eventually created a layer over his gauntlets, it was pushing away trying to break the strong grip that Ray had but it seemed useless as Ray got up form the floor, and swung his broken arms slamming him onto the ground on one side.

Then lifting up Quinn's body again, he slammed his entire body on the other side. Quinn was trying to break free, but his arms were damaged, making it harder for him to pull away.

The crazy thing was, due to Quinn's armour and his own blood supply that was coming to him, his body was healing his shoulders, replacing all the muscle fibres and popping his shoulder back in place.

However, each time Ray swung his body and slammed him into the ground, he would break the muscle fibres and pop his shoulders out once again.

'I need to break free from this!'

[Energy converter used]

[Fire selected]

Gathering all of his power in the palm of his hands, this time blood aura that was viscous and growing in size came out all at once like an explosion. It hit Ray right in the face, burning some of the scales on his skin and forced him to let go.

While Quinn was flying through the air, he had safely landed on the ground, only to see that Ray's face was healing up.

"Are you tired yet?" Ray asked. "You seem to be using nearly all of your energy in each attack."

Quinn wasn't tired at all. With this armour, even if he put all his strength into every hit and every kick, he didn't tire.

"Do you really have the time to talk?" Quinn asked, as he puffed into a cloud of smoke.

Once more, two clones had come out of shadows right next to Ray, but he was ready as he kicked one in the stomach making it disappear, and grabbed the other by the head. Opening his mouth a fireball came out destroying it on the spot.

When the smoke settled though, Quinn was there once again, he swung his hand diagonally like a sword, the blood aura was sharp this time and different from what it was before.

[Energy converter]

[Water selected]

With water mixed in with his blood aura he was able to make it incredibly sharp and struck right across the chest. Following up, Quinn attacked again striking from the other side and the momentum seemed to be in Quinn's upper hand.

"Let me show you the strike of a dragon!" Ray shouted back.

The claws on his hand extended, and through his sharp claws the dark orange energy was condensed in his nails. He swung out hitting the blood water causing it to break. Then with his other hand he went to strike at Quinn.

Quinn blocked the attacks with his forearm, lifting his legs up one after the other, but with such force behind them, he could feel that each of the strikes were heavy.

'I have to try to find an opening, I can't keep blocking these strikes, otherwise, he'll be able to hit me eventually.'

He gathered shadow around his arm, and created a wall thinking it was his chance, but Ray struck through the wall, and his sharp nails went right through the shadow breaking it on the spot.

Quinn went to block another attack, but he had made a mistake and the attack hadn't come. Instead Ray had jumped back, and then pushed off the ground, he flapped his wings giving him more power, and slammed right into Quinn's stomach.

Straight after, Ray slashed with his claws, hitting the chest piece again and again. Once in a while Ray would aim for the head, but Quinn lifted his arms up just in time to block but that's all he could do against the flurry of punches.

'Quinn… what are you doing!' A voice was heard in his head.

'Am I imagining things at a time like this. I'm not badly hurt, I'm not heavily injured, but I can tell, I'm losing this fight. This isn't even Ray's original voice, just how can one person be so strong.

'If Ray had gone against those god slayers like I had… he would have been able to beat them all as well, I can tell. I thought… I thought after beating them, and getting the armour it would have been enough.'

'What are you chatting so much sh*t about Quinn!' the voice shouted in Quinn's head again.

'I didn't give up my life, I didn't put everything including my own soul into those weapons for nothing! F*cking wake up, and show this stupid dragon your power!!!'

This voice, it wasn't just any voice, it was one that Quinn thought he had lost, the one that had created the armour in the first place, Alex's.

Quinn wasn't sure if he was imagining the voice or not, but whatever the case was, he was right.

'All of those that died, everyone to get to this point. They did everything in their power to put a stop to you, so I'll do the same!!'

Both of Quinn's gauntlets started to glow gold with power. Each hit of Ray's was blocked, and rather than swaying his body from side to side, Quinn was getting better footing.

"ARGHH!"

[Asura's Rage activated]

*****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmangaAlll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.