Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Ray's story, My Dragon System has a Webtoon already has 30 chapters on webnovel! This is your chance to experience it in comic form. Just search on webnovel through the comic section of the app!

------

Stark's body had been stored in Minny's shadow space. They wished to give him a proper burial and at least take back his body to his home planet where it belonged. On top of that, there was also the armour that Quinn had loaned Stark, it was still on his body.

Everyone was getting ready to leave the monitoring room, but before that there were a couple of things Logan needed to do. Kneeling by Jack's body, several pieces of equipment attached to Logan were scanning him all over.

What was surprising, was how Logan had picked up Jack's hand. His finger transformed into a sharp tool-like knife and sliced Jack's finger right off.

"What are you doing?" Layla asked.

"I'm making a scan of Jack, so we can bypass all of his systems. He had a lock on that system that I was unable to override. One would need a face scan or his finger. I can analyse his face enough to input it as a type of password into the system, but I could never get Jack to stay still long enough.

"Now, he has no choice really."

Layla wanted to ask, if he could do all that with just scanning the device, then why did he need to chop off his finger like so, but she thought it was best just to avoid this subject for now. Otherwise, she would have to hear some of Logan's crude jokes.

"Done!" Standing up, Logan went to the large bundle of monitors, and placed both of his hands on the console underneath.

"What are you doing now uncle Logan." Minny asked, her finger on her lips.

"As I said before, I'm disabling part of the large machine that Sil needs to use." Logan explained. "But there's a lot more than that, that needs to be done.

"The Marpo Cruise is a business that was set up by Jack and Jim. They started it on another planet, and they have more ships than just these two.

"We need to make sure that no one can take over their goal. We need to find every single facility they have that helps them create the Dalki. We need to look into any facilities they have at all, and any secrets that Jim was hiding as well."

The other's hadn't thought about that, what would happen beyond the war. There were always times, where one would try and seek revenge, or try to finish accomplishing what another was unable to do. They were happy that they had Logan on their side.

"There's only so much information I can get on my side, and I'm sure, knowing what type of person Jim is, he would have restricted access to multiple things that Jack didn't have access to. Which is why I'm sending everything I know to someone on the other side, on the other Marpo Cruise ship."

Layla raised an eyebrow wondering who it could be. The person on the other side was quite trusted by Jim. He was sure he had him so under control and on his side that he took him nearly everywhere with him, and that person was Vincent.

In his lab, Vincent was receiving all of the information he needed from Logan, but there was also something else he needed to do.

'Jack… has been killed as well as H!' Vincent was surprised upon hearing the news. He had seen H's power, and Jack, he was always someone in hiding, never letting anyone get too close. He felt like someone like him would have a trick or two up his sleeve to survive death, but if the news was coming from Logan, it most certainly was true.

'Jim is no longer on board the ship and neither is Ray. The Marpo Cruise has been forced to move away due to the rapid pulses of energies coming off from the planet. This is the chance. I need to find Malik… and do my part in all of this as well. As Logan said, we need to make sure something like this never happens again.'𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

-----

After getting everything they needed, the rest of the group were on the move. Logan had attached part of the ship's monitoring system to his own device. He could project the image of the cameras out from his forearm.

Using this, he was able to help the group move through the area without running into the people on board. Fighting now would only slow them down.

Sil would have teleported them all there, but he was focusing on recovering his powers. Using the device was quite tiring, and if he was to change the memories of everyone on the Amra planets, and the Marpo Cruises, it would be quite the big task.

Eventually, the group stopped down one long hallway. Layla, MInny and Russ were starting to notice where they were.

"We are basically here." Logan said. "But I have to warn you, I can see that they have put a lot of personnel by the entrance. Most likely Jack figured out our plan, and it was an order of his."

"What do you mean by a lot of people?" Layla asked.

"There are around fifty of them, and all of them are human… you have to remember that they are not the ones at fault for this. They believe they are doing the right thing, it would be best if we could find some way to get rid of them without hurting them."

Russ and Sil felt like they could have done the task if they were at full strength, but with Sil trying to restore his power and Russ still extremely drained, there was only a couple of them that could fight.

"I'll deal with it." Layla said. "I've recovered most of my power. I can do it."

Layla didn't wait for the others, she walked out down the hallway and pulled the bow out from her back. There were no arrows in the bow but that was because she had long surpassed needing them. As she walked forward, she started to pull the string and let go.

Suddenly, three men felt extreme pain as something went right through the knee's in their legs and they fell to the floor. What Layla was using was Qi arrows.

"We're under attack!" They shouted, and soon all of them turned to the woman coming towards them.

Layla pulled at the string several times, and as the arrows went out, they hit several of the attackers in the knee one by one.

Not a single attack had missed, and they didn't quite know what was hitting them.

Ignoring what was happening, they started to fire out abilities from their hands, but Layla's fast speed allowed her to jump to the side, and pull the bow string more, hitting more and more of them. They were falling one by one.

"You know, I always thought she couldn't do anything with that sword, and even with the sword she seemed pretty useless." Russ commented. "But with the bow, she doesn't seem too bad."

Eventually, people started to reach Layla, and when they were close, she used the bow itself to whack one of the men in the face, and then pulling out the sword she slashed another. Bending her knees slightly she got ready, as she went from one person to the next slashing them one after the other.

A few seconds later, Layla stood there with the sword in her hand, and all of them had been injured, not to the point where they were killed, but injured just enough to where they were out of action.

"Mommy, you were so cool!" Minny said, running over. "I thought, maybe mommy would need my help, but it was like you had eyes in the back of your head! Mommy and daddy are really strong, so that means Minny and Galen will grow up to be the strongest!"

Layla smiled as she rubbed her daughter's head, but truthfully she wished it would never have to come down to that.

Sil and the rest followed, running towards Layla, and they had finally returned back to the room where they had first retrieved Sil from.

******

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.