Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2295  Quest for Malik (Part 1)

After receiving instructions from Logan, Vincent knew he needed to do his part. Just like Logan, he too had his memories changed, but he had second guesses as to what the truth was.

There were a lot of things that just didn't make sense in his head. As a person that naturally had a lot of curiosity, he wondered why things became this way and Logan had answers for him.

Answers, that in his mind that made a lot of sense. In the first place, there was a lot that Jim didn't know about Vincent. The fact that he had worked with Eno, or the legacy that he had left behind in the vampire book.

Those memories were not tampered with, because Jim didn't really know about them. Which was why things didn't make sense.

Walking around the facility, Vincent was looking for something as he twisted and turned his head. He could see some regular vampires running around but not one of them questioned Vincent.

On his face he wore the black mask, the mask that was only given to those that were close to and by Jim's side.

Eventually, Vincent's eyes widened, he began to walk towards another, following them a few steps behind. Turning his head, he took a peek behind him, and looked ahead before rushing forward with all his strength.

The person he had been following heard the loud footsteps and turned his head, only to see a hand grab him by his throat and chuck him to the side.

The man was stumbling backwards from the throw, heading toward a door, but with his speed Vincent manged to reach the door button, pressing it. The door slid open and the man fell through.

Entering after the fallen man, Vincent closed the door behind them, and stared at the other masked man and the floor. Before he could get up, with his foot Vincent stomped on the individual's arms, crushing all of the boens in the wrists.

After that, Vincent went quickly and tore the mask right off of the person's face while placing his hand on top of his mouth.

"If you don't want to die, then it's best you listen to me, Jim." Vincent said.

Nearly all of those apart from Vincent himself that wore the strange masks around the choose from, to use to get what I need.'

"Now, I know the Jim that is running things, has decided to keep things away from the facility were other Jim's. The clones that worked for himself to do important tasks that he only trusted himself with. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

'There's another problem with using clones to do all your work. Even if they set up a system that requires the face of Jim, or Jim's fingerprints, then there are plenty to choose from, to use to get what I need.'

"Now, I know the Jim that is running things, has decided to keep things away from the other clones. It's quite amazing how you can all choose to work for one person that is the same as you.

"How you can all be selfless when you are the same person, but you are at the end of the day the same person, with the same mind. So I have two questions to ask you. One, where would you decide to keep the one named Malik."

It was a semi tough art of negotiation that followed. With Vincent delivering a bit of pain here and there. He had a feeling though, someone like him would speak quite easily, but whether that was the truth or not, it was hard to tell.

Vincent took the clone with him, and the first area of action wasn't to where the clone of Jim had claimed Malik would be, but was to a large database like room.

Using the clone's hand, access was easy into the facility, and now it was to get the information that Logan needed.

The clone of Jim had broken limbs and arms, he was unable to walk, and was placed on the floor while Vincent went to work.

"It looks like you found your memories." Jim said. "You know, I'm doing all of this for us."

"I've only decided to reply to you, because you could very well be the last Jim that is left alive. I plan to shut down, and get rid of all the other clones of JIm.

"And I guarantee you, with the way things are going now, all of those including the Jim with the nest crystals in his body will disappear. It's quite possible that you will be the last Jim, one that will be able to see the end of it all."

The clones of JIm were unable to pass information to one another, but they were fully aware of what was happening. Everyone on the Marpo Cruise was, things weren't going well for them so far.

They had even received information from one of theirs in Jack's Cruise ship, and from the report, they were struggling as well. Jim didn't even know the full story that H had been defeated.

They knew there was something big going on though, because the last bit of information they had received was that Jack had been kidnapped and now the JIm clone being in the situation he was in, he felt like the tides were turning.

"For your information, I have not had my memories back." Vincent commented. "I just never believed in the current situation."

"Everything we planned, everything we did to make things better, it's all going to go to waste because of all of your meddling." Jim shouted back. "Can't you see how things are, can't you see that the vampire settlement of the past was broken. How much better things are now."

"How are things so much better?" Vincent replied. "The vampire settlement wasn't it at peace due to everything that this person did." Vincent pointed to himself.

"Then you changed everyone's memories, you took their credit which means none of this was because of you. You're right, I do believe the settlement was broken in many ways.

"The vampires were never able to work together, and even though we tried to come up with a system that would stop ourselves from killing each other, still trouble brewed again and again.

"But none of that was fixed because of you, it was fixed because of him. Did you ever solve anything, solve any problem for the vampires, did you ever make anyone's lives easier.

"Even now when the vampires were at peace, you decided to drag them into a war. Many lost their lives, you haven't made anything better, and just been making them worse."

Vincent continued to type away while JIm thought about the two's past. There was at one point, where the two of them were close, Vincent had tried to help his Uncle, protected him and even gave him a task as his right hand person.

"At least I'm trying to fix things!" Jim exclaimed. "What did you do, you decided to run away, to chase after a human woman. You left the entire settlement, the entire Tenth family suffered because you chose to be selfish and live your own life.

"What I'm doing know, you may think of it as selfish, but its just the same as you, and at least I'm doing it for everyone. All of it will change."

Vincent stopped typing, he got all of the information he needed, and turned to Jim.

"People make mistakes, everyone has always made mistakes. It's part of human nature, you have to remember, even the creation of the vampire was the mistake of a single human.

"It's what we do after those mistakes, how you move on from them. For the better and not for the worse. I'm sorry to see you have decided to go this way."

With that, Vincent picked up Jim, and headed straight for Malik.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.