Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Of course, Quinn knew this was going to be a tough battle, it was why he had done so much preparation beforehand. Why he had stayed in the tower for as long as possible making the best equipment he could possibly make.

There was a chance that he would regret the decision, as many lives would be lost while he was busy making all of the equipment, but now he knew he definitely had no regrets. If he didn't even have one of the pieces of the armour, then he was sure that he would have lost the fight.

This was easily Quinn's toughest fight as of yet. It took everything he had. Everything he had learned from his experience in various fights, against the vampire settlement, against the big four, the demons, and the celestials. All of those experiences and he had used in this match.

On top of that, he was using all of the skills of the armour and all of the experience he had gained in his previous fights during this fight. It was clear that he was giving it everything he had.

Even in this fight, like the last, he felt like he had unlocked new levels, new strengths… but it still didn't seem to be enough. There was only one thing that Quinn had yet to use, and that was his demon form, but with some others still being on the planet, and even the tower itself still standing, he was a little afraid to use it.

For Ray, on the other side, this match wasn't a walk in the park either, not like he would have expected or many of those that he had met before. He also felt like this was the most difficult and hardest fight.

Even when going up against Krad, the original owner of the Shadow ability he hadn't struggled this much. His opponent was learning on the go, growing in the middle of the fight. At first, Ray wouldn't have claimed it was his toughest fight through his long life.

In fact, there was even a time where he had suffered a defeat in the past, but as the fight went on, now he was sure that this was by far his hardest fight.

Two of the four blood Asura form's arms had been destroyed by Ray. He had held on tight, using his pure power to crush them. While Quinn continued to hammer his body, head, and every part of Ray.

ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Out of the exchange Quinn had managed to do quite a bit of damage to Ray, while Ray was able to weaken Quinn one step at a time. The fight was still fierce with each of them continuing toward each other.

———

Off to the side of the fight, there were still all of those that were watching, but one person in particular, as they watched the fight, they were inching closer and closer towards it. Even though the shockwaves of power damaged the top of their skin.

Their body would heal, and he would push through.

"What are you doing Peter!" Chris called out.

Peter ignored Chris and continued to get closer and closer. Chris was already quite a bit behind Peter. He didn't want to get caught up or involved, and knowing Ray's personality as little as he did know it, if they were to get involved and try to help him, it would be them that would suffer more.

Close to the battle between Quinn and Ray, it was almost impossible to miss, Peter and Chris turned their heads. A rising energy, a bright glow that had a cosmic colour to it, there was a person.

'That's… that's Jim!' Chris could see that he was gathering some type of large power, with his eyes fixated on the fight. 'With that much energy, he won't just hurt Quinn… he'll hurt Ray as well… could it be? Is that his plan?'

It was too late to stop Jim now, he was too far, and Jim was already in the middle of his motion, throwing both of his hands out. The large cosmic power went right out from his hands. As the power left, the nest crystals on his body started to empty one by one and fall to the ground.

For Ray and Quinn, the two of them were concentrating on each other, watching the other's every move, their arms, their legs, what gestures they made and any weird habits that they could pick up to see the next move. They were totally focused on each other.

Yet with how powerful and skillful the two of them were they did notice the large amount of energy to their right. When they turned their heads though, they were too late. That was because another person was already standing in front of the large amount of energy.

His whole body was covered in a dark red aura, and his head tails had split into two, wrapping around his arms. When the energy went to hit, he gave it his all as he threw both of his fists first into the energy.

However, the mysterious nest energy was powerful, and it started to consume both of his fists, taking it in.

"Peter!!!" Quinn screamed at the top of his lungs, as he rushed in towards him. Charging all of his energy and power, to fight back against the energy, disregarding and forgetting the fight with Ray.

Quinn threw out his fist, trying to create as much energy as he could, he was punching as fast as he could, to try and not lose Peter. He had lost too much, too much in this war and Peter was one that had always been by his side.

Even to the point where he stood there protecting him for a 1000 years. With his back turned to Ray, it was easy for Ray to finish off the fight.

Quinn could even hear the sounds of the footsteps of Ray moving toward him, but he couldn't focus on that.

'I'm sorry everybody, this might be selfish of me, but I can't watch Peter die!' Quinn thought.

The footsteps stopped, adn rather than getting struck from behind, or beheaded like he thought would happen. Ray was standing by his side.

The energy was being pushed back, it wasn't surrounding Quinn, but it was still moving around Peter, creeping in, his arms could no longer be seen. And it was starting to touch his body.

Peter was doing his best to lean back, to avoid it touching his head, as he poured every fibre of the power of Qi he had into his body.

"I hate it when people get involved in my fights." Ray said.

Both of his arms were covered in his aura, and it was brewing in his mouth as well. He lifted both of his arms and threw it out, two large dragon sword fists came out, and opening up his mouth a long continuous breath of energy hit back.

With all their powers, it pushed back the nest energy completely destroying it.

*****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.