Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Ray and Quinn both didn't know where the large amount of energy had come from. They were far too focused on their own match. What they did know was the energy was powerful, they had both felt something similar to it before, just never at this large of a scale.

It was quite possible that if they had seen it beforehand, then Quinn would have been able to suppress the attack with just his own energy, but it was so sudden he could only put so much energy into stopping the attack.

At the same time, he was unable to use the Shadow powers, due to how close he was with Ray, since he had been fighting hand to hand at a close quarter range, but with all three of their powers they were able to suppress the attack.

It dispersed into the air into small particles, shaping the air around it. It was a mystic mist like glitter filled with all sorts of colours. For a moment, it almost looked the same as the familiar world.

Through the other end of the attack, both Quinn and Ray could see who was responsible. His hands were still held out together at one point, staying in place. His face scrunched up, his lips shaking.

Because just like them, even he was surprised at the fact that the two of them were still alive, that they had managed to survive the attack.

'That… damned undead he came out of nowhere! He bought them a fraction of a second that allowed them to act!!! What is this, why did he act!' Jim thought, his legs still shaking.

He was debating what to do, he still had some nest crystals left, but attempting to use them against these two, it would be sucide.

Quinn didn't have time to deal with Jim though, because Peter who was by his side, his body didn't look the same as it was before. All of the skin was a dark black as if it was burnt and turning into nothing but ashes.

Only his head looked fine. Right in front of Quinn's eyes, on the spot, Peter's body burst into ashes and fell to the floor, leaving nothing to support his head. Before it fell to the floor, Quinn slid across the ground on his knees and caught Peter's head looking down at him.

All Peter had was his head, there was nothing else from the neck down, it had all been destroyed and the look in his eyes, it didn't look great to Quinn.

"Peter!!! Are you alive, speak to me, stay with me!" Quinn shouted and aura seeped out from his body. He was quick to control it, not wishing to hurt Peter anymore than he already was.

"You seem to care an awful lot about me, for a stranger." Peter said in a weak voice.

For a moment, Quinn thought that maybe Peter had gotten his memories back, that's why he would even attempt to do such a stupid thing.

"Did you remember, do you have your memories back?" Quinn asked.

"I have no clue who the f*ck you are." Peter said in a weak voice. "This stupid body… every time it saw you getting hurt, it started to move on its own. I don't know why, and now look at me. This is what I get, I'm just a useless nobody who can't even control his body."

"You're not a nobody Peter!" Quinn shouted.

How could Peter call himself a nobody. After everything he had done, not just for Quinn himself but for the whole world. He had been there all the time fighting, fighting, and fighting again.

The scared and afraid Peter, who didn't want to get involved and just live a peaceful life, ended up doing everything he could to fight for everyone else, and this was the result. Was this the result of everyone who decided to be selfless?

It had been a long time, but seeing Peter in this state, it was bringing tears to Quinn's eyes and they were dropping down onto Peter's own face.

"Why… would someone like you cry for me?" Peter said in a soft voice.

"Protect the head." Quinn said. "I have your head, we protected it, so that means you will live right?"

The sobbing from Quinn wouldn't stop. The tears continued to flow. Quinn always kept a lot in, because there was a large weight on him all the time. If he broke down in front of the others, then what would they think?

He needed to be a symbol of strength for everyone, he needed to stay positive, but the truth was that he was just like the rest; he always had other thoughts lingering on his mind. What if he wasn't strong enough to beat Ray?

What if he wasn't able to protect everyone, what if he just wasn't good enough? Right now, he felt all those worries, because one thing he was scared of the most, each time he went into battle, each time he chose to fight with others by his side.

It was the thought, what if this is the last time I'll see this person. There were multiple times, in fights where Quinn would lose someone, and wouldn't even be able to say any last words to them. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

At times, these things kept him up at night, there were those that he wanted to speak to again, but never could, and no matter how much stronger he got, for some reason these things kept happening, and even now it seemed to be the case.

"Protect the head… how do you… how do you know that?" Peter said.

From the side, Chris had started to run in, after noticing that Peter had gone to defend the attack. Chris wasn't standing too far from where everyone was but they were all ignoring him.

Still, with his enhanced hearing, he was able to hear the conversation between Quinn and Peter.

"I knew… something felt strange, this whole thing feels strange. Would a person who really wasn't involved with us, act like that? Would he shed tears for his enemy?" Chris was angry with himself as he clenched his fist.

He felt tricked, but why in his head, no matter how hard he looked, did he not know the person in front of him.

'If he was our enemy he would have killed us, but he let us live, and then there is Jim… who doesn't care for us at all.'

Meanwhile, before Jim could even put his arms down by his side, immediately Ray was right next to him. Jim had only just twitched a muscle and immediately Ray placed his hand around Jim's throat and lifted him in the air.

"What do you think you are doing?" Ray asked. "1, that attack you just did, it would have struck the both of us. 2, you shouldn't get involved in my fights. Do you think your shitty attack can actually do something?"

Ray was squeezing hard, too hard to the point where Jim was unable to breathe, out of desperation he started to strike Ray on his arm, hitting his armour but it was like a toddler against a giant, the attacks had no effect whatsoever.

"There is a limit to my patience, even if you did save my life, there is only so much you I can take!"

Taking a deep breath Ray was ready to let him go until….

——

A few moments before, Sil and the others had returned to the large room in the Marpo Cruise. The large ball shaped object was up in the air, but they needed to wait a few moments.

Because Sil was still gathering as many MC cells as possible, in order to use the machine to its full capability.

Many enemies started to gather at the area, and Layla along with Minny did their best to defend, eventually Sil had regained enough MC cells, he hopped into the machine and it closed.

"Let's make everything go back to the way it's meant to be, let's end this war!" Sil shouted.

The machine activated and a pulse was sent out far and wide, out beyond the planet they were on.

****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.