Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Standing there in between Ray and Quinn, was the one known as Mundus, the messenger of the Ancient Ones, essentially the ones that ran all of the gods. From what Quinn knew, there was no ultimate power in this world.

The ultimate power itself was the universe, that would shape and change based on what occurred, but it was clear that there were beings on higher levels, and if Quinn was to make a list, in his mind the Ancient Ones would be at the top, and just under them were the likes of Mundus.

'Why is he here, is he planning to go back on his deal? Is he going to force me to give back my armour?' Quinn thought.

He shifted his foot getting ready to fight at any moment. Usually, after a long and hard battle Quinn would be somewhat worn out. However, thanks to the limitless armour set, he was ready to go full strength against Mundus if need be.

There were also plenty of active and passive skills on the armour that related to going against the celestials. Even if Mundus was to use his power, or try to escape, Quinn could even force him to stay here.

Ray, who could see the concerned look in Quinn's eyes, was ready himself. He had no idea who this was. Throughout his life he had never really encountered many of the celestials, only hearing about them through Bliss.

She often guided Ray in a way where he would cause no conflict for the celestials, but it was only the recent events and his exploration that had caught their attention.

'I'll be ready to back you up at any second Quinn, if you go in, I'll go in as well.'

Mundus lifted both his hands and then brought them together, he was clapping.

"Congratulations!" Mundus said. "Quinn, you have managed to do a task that has been a pain in our back side for a long time now. I can safely say as an agent of the celestials you have completed your first task."

Hearing this, Quinn decided to let down his guard a bit. He didn't deactivate all of the armour's skills, but had done so allowing Mundus to still teleport away. Although it was a passive skill, he could still suppress it from working. In the armour's case, the passive skills more so meant that it could always be on and kept permanently on without a cooldown as such. He didn't want him to get suspicious of his powers if he tried and it failed, but if he tried to use the time stop ability, it wouldn't work on Quinn so much.

"As you said, I completed your task, and you will keep your promise, not to get involved in the Earth's affairs anymore." Quinn said.

While everyone was fighting against each other, they were unaware of a much bigger threat that was going on. The celestials were keeping an eye on what was going on with Jim and Jack. If the two of them continued to go ahead the way they were going, then it was quite possible that in order to save part of the universe, the Ancient Ones would have just eliminated the human race all together, and all of Earth.

"Correct but..." Mundus turned his head to look at Ray. To which, the dragon human smiled back gathering aura around his fists.

"Those eyes, you're making it look like you want to fight?" Ray asked.

'This one, is one that has been left alone for a while. They were the ones that told me to leave him alone, but then they ordered to take him out, and now they have stated to leave him be… again.

'It makes me wonder, why have they been giving this god slayer special treatment. I admit he has strong power, perhaps powers that could outmatch my own, but he is getting too involved to leave him be. Maybe I should…'

Mundus took a step forward but when he did, two large white lights came out from above, directly in front of Ray, and a moment later two figures could be seen. The white light was a clear sign that the ones that had arrived were celestials as well.

One of them was wearing a cloak and wielding a staff. Although it was hard to see the face, based on the figure it was a woman. The other, a man with multiple weapons on his back. Both Ray and Quinn knew both of these celestials.

"Bliss, Sera!" Quinn and Ray both said at the same time.

"It will do no good for you to continue with your actions." Bliss said. "You made a deal, and Ray is part of all that belongs to Earth. You must leave everything in Quinn's hands, and if he wishes for Ray to stay, then he is to stay."

Bliss held out her free hand that wasn't holding onto the staff. Soon a crystal started to appear in it that was a murky brown colour. For Quinn, he had seen many god slayer crystals before, and he knew this was one, he just had no idea whose crystal it was.

She then threw the crystal over to Mundus who caught it in the air, with his long twirling ears, and looked at it.

"That crystal is the god slayer crystal of the one that caused this mess. Honestly, I shouldn't even be handing you that, but it is a power that can cause great problems no matter where it is.

"I suggest this time, you keep it sealed away, and don't lose sight of it… again."

Mundus had nothing else to say, and with that, he turned to Quinn as his body was starting to cover in a white light.

"Remember Quinn, we will ask for you, if we need you. You are now an official agent of the gods." Those were the last words of Mundus before he was sent up into the air.

"You two are very confident to appear in front of me, after all this time." Ray said. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Please." Bliss replied. "Me and you have worked together many times before, and I just saved you from even more trouble."

"Yet every time you get involved things seem to worsen. It would be better if you were never in my life to begin with."

Quinn soon rushed towards the two with Peter still under his arm.

"What are you two doing here?" Quinn asked. "No, where were you this whole time? You always come, and say you're trying to help, but then disappear when it's important!"

Bliss looked a little nervous, she had been attacked by Quinn in the past before. Whereas she knew how to somewhat control Ray, she didn't know too much about Quinn.

"I'm with you on this one." Sera said. "I did help in the war, by the way. I stopped your friend here, and the other Werewolf one over there, from killing your giant stone friends."

It was then that Quinn realised that Chris was behind him. He looked to be in good condition, so he was nothing to worry about.

"First, tell me about the others, if you have been watching everything, how is my family?" Quinn asked.

"Your family are all safe and alive." Bliss answered. "You did well Quinn. You made the right decision in becoming an agent for the celestials and because of your actions you saved a lot of lives.

"Anyway, Mundus will keep his word, so it's safe to say that those from Earth, the vampires and humans have nothing to worry about getting into trouble from the celestials, I can guarantee you that."

His heart started to settle, hearing his family was fine, but Quinn couldn't shake what Mundus had said about Galen. It might have been something that Bliss didn't even know.

While Quinn was deep in thought, Bliss and Sera took this as an opportunity to escape. The white light started to surround their bodies, but suddenly the white light started to fade away, until it was no longer around the two.

Bliss tried to activate it again, and tried to enter the celestial space but she was unable to.

"Where do you think you two are trying to run off to. I still have things I need you to do." Quinn said, having turned the passive skill back on.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.