Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Bliss was beyond shocked. She had no clue what was going on, or why her celestial powers weren't working, it wasn't just her, it seemed like Sera was unable to do anything about it either.

In all of her time, for as long as she had existed, something like this had never occurred before, she had never heard of a power like this. When looking at Quinn, and his tone of voice, it sounded like he had something to do with it.

'What is going on with Quinn… How is he able to do something like this? Do the other celestials know about this?' Bliss thought. 'No, that's impossible knowing them, if they knew he had this type of power, then they would do everything they could to get rid of him.'

"What… Do you want?" Bliss asked. "There isn't much I can do. Everything is already over, is it not?"

Quinn took Peter's head from under his shoulder and thrust it forward, right in front of her.

"I was going to ask Mundus to help out with Peter's state, but he left a bit early." Quinn said. "But, I imagine someone like you, who knows magic and can do a lot of different things, might have a way to return Peter's body back to the way it was."

Before answering, she looked at Peter, and could see his eyelids moving up and down.

"As long as he is not dead, then there is something I can do. Place his head on the ground for me."

Quinn did what Bliss said. He was a little reluctant to trust her, even though he had been the one that asked her for help, but he felt that now she knew that she was unable to escape that she wouldn't attempt to try anything. He was sure that she didn't want to experience a reincarnation.

At the moment, using the bottom of her staff, Bliss was drawing a large circle, and after that, she started to draw multiple symbols inside. It looked like those special magic circles that Quinn had seen a few times and the same one that was used to open a door to the other world.

While she was busy drawing the circle, Quinn took this as an opportunity to ask a few things he was curious about.

"That crystal that you gave to Mundus, it was a god slayer crystal right? You said it belonged to the one that caused all of this mess, what did you mean?" Quinn asked.

Bliss sighed as she continued to work away at the magic circle, she somewhat never expected this, so she was a little unprepared.

"I suppose you won't let me go until I answer those questions either, right?" Bliss replied. "Although events like this, where one race causes so much trouble, are rare, it has happened before.

"I'm sure you already know that when one is considered a god slayer, that they leave a crystal behind. Which allows its powers to be passed onto another. Now, when someone consumes that crystal, they obtain the power and it might not mean they become a god slayer immediately, but they will still have a crystal.

"You, yourself, are a prime example of that. You had the power of a god slayer, but at first you didn't have the original source power, now you do but you weren't always considered a god slayer, but your power was. Even if you were to die before you became a god slayer, a crystal would have been left behind.

"Now it's safe to say that if one obtains a god slayer power they have a higher chance to become a god slayer themselves, so in order to stop this, the god slayer crystals are locked away. The crystal I gave to Mundus was a god slayer crystal, the one belonging to the human named Malik. The one that was able to change memories."

Quinn knew of Malik's existence but according to the information he had, he wasn't much of a threat. Other than his power, it was hard to see him as a god slayer, but now it made sense if he had obtained his god slayer power through other means, just like that time Bryce Cain had used the shadow powers.

"There was something else you mentioned. Based on what you just said, how did Malik get the power in the first place, was it stolen from this vault?" Quinn asked.

Bliss was checking the finer details of her magic circle, leaning forward, she didn't answer straight away and instead another crystal appeared in her hand. This time it was a nest crystal.

It made Quinn wonder, for him these things were incredibly hard to find, but the celestials, at least the older ones, had a number of them. Was there some way to create them, or did they just have a way of finding them. She placed the crystal down at the bottom of the magic circle, and banged her staff on the ground.

The crystal along with all the lines she had drawn started to light up, and energy began to go straight into Peter's head.

"You are paying quite a bit of attention to what I said, but you are correct. The god slayer crystal, it was stolen by someone, and fell into the hands of Malik. As to who it was, we have no idea.

"But the crystal would have had to have been stolen by someone in a high position, or someone close, most likely another celestial themselves. Then you have to ask why they would do such a thing, and what their goal was in the first place."

Unlike Bliss, that wasn't Quinn's worry. Did he really care about what happened to the celestials? No, it was more how it affected Earth and his position. If someone was able to steal these god slayer crystals once, then there was a chance that they would be able to steal them again.

He was starting to imagine what would happen if all of the god slayer crystals were stolen and used, it was a frightening thought.

Looking at Peter, his body was starting to be restored. It was back to the way it used to be, and was shining strong. The nest crystals were amazing things, if they were able to create beasts just out of its own energy then the least it could do was bring back an undead body.

"Now that I have done as you asked, and answered all your questions, am I free to go now?" Bliss asked.

"Sure…and I truly hope that I never see you again." Quinn said. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Same for me." Ray nooded.

Bliss didn't say anything else and gathered the white energy around her and Sera, in a blink they were gone up in the white bright light.

——

In the middle of space, there was one that was flying away from all of the planets, a particular vampire original who had managed to get away, Magnus.

Magnus was not just any vampire original, but was one of the previous kings of the settlement. While flying away, he felt the pulse of energy, and a slight twinge in his head.

"It looks like they were successful in changing everything back to the way it was." Magnus said, a marking on his forehead started to glow, the marking of a single eye with wings.

"I am afraid I was unable to get a hold of any of the Talen family, and that Quinn… he has gotten even stronger. It will be hard to get close to them at this rate." Magnus said.

There was a pause after he talked.

"There is another way you say? Well, of course I will be up for the task, I have been waiting a long time for your return. It's time you came to this world, and make the vampires remember their existence in this world."

Magnus punched in the coordinates on his ship, and the location was set for Earth.

****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.