Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

One of the things that were the most normal in the vampire settlement was the vampire school, Roland Academy, as it was called. Even during the war, the students never really stopped going to school.

After all, basic education was important, and Jim was also putting pressure on the new generation of vampires to fight as well. However, it had been a long time since Minny had gone to school.

Having left in the middle of everything, her family being accused of being these grand villains and more, it was safe to say, she was nervous as she walked down the settlement's streets.

A big difference from before though, was that nearly every vampire was stopping to look at the two of them. Some smiled, others waved, and there were even those that whispered. What would also occur once in a while was some of them stopping to give Layla and Minny gifts.

"Mum… this is so strange, everyone is treating us so differently." Minny said, holding her mother's hand.

"You're right, it is a bit strange, but they are just being grateful for what we've done. Now that they have their memories back, they know about your father's good deeds in the past, and don't forget about yourself. You're a hero as well now, and you should be proud. It's just easier to smile back and accept the gifts." Layla explained.

Layla was sure that it would all calm down at some point. It was just that the events were very recent and the people… they needed something to celebrate, because with the war having taken place, the settlement was looking a lot quieter.

It was around one third of the size of the settlement before they had left. The vampires had suffered a lot in the war.

"You're a hero too mum, remember you helped out as well, and with that cool sword, you and uncle Russ did a good job beating the pointy Dalki!" Minny excitedly did a little hop. "Mommy, where is uncle Russ? I haven't seen him since the war. Wasn't he meant to stay and protect us, he's a hero as well, right?"

Layla wasn't too sure how to answer this question, because she was unsure where Russ was either. He didn't really care for others' lives, and had a huge drive for revenge, but soon after the war he was never seen again.

According to Quinn, he must have figured out some way to remove the Qi control from his mind. Although Layla felt like she might have had something to do with that. Still, Russ did save them, whether he would have done so without the Qi command or if his own life wasn't in danger was another thing, but as long as he wasn't causing trouble, then that was fine with her.

——

Somewhere on one of the Graylash planets.

"That will be 4000 credits per night for the resort, sir."

"Achoo!" Russ wiped his nose. "Someone must be talking about me, I guess I'm pretty popular now."

——

Eventually, Minny had arrived at school and the stares from the other parents and kids didn't stop there, but there was nothing Layla could do but give Minny a big hug and wish her good luck.

"You have to grow up strong, in the future your brother is going to attend the school as well, and we need someone to protect him, alright?"

Minny nodded her head, she was quite the family person, so whenever Layla wanted her to do something she had to say it was for the family. It was technically true, but Layla did feel somewhat bad saying these things.

When Minny entered her classroom, unlike most of the adults that would smile and wave, nearly all the kids would just whisper about her, and it wasn't like she was unable to hear any of it.

"Minny's dad was Quinn Talen, the previous king of the vampire race, and I hear he's basically running things now."

"Wait, does that mean Minny is like some type of princess. What happens if we do something wrong? Will we be punished, will our whole family get kicked out of the settlement?"

Eventually Minny saw someone she had wanted to see for a long time, Abby came through the door, her first friend she had made.

"Abby!" Minny said coming over and grabbing both of her hands. "I'm so happy to see you, it's been so long!"

Minny was unable to hold back the tears, but Abby gave a nice smile back.

"It's good to see you as well." Abby said. "But, are you sure you still want to be friends with me? I mean, you're practically a princess, shouldn't you hang around the other family leader's kids or something."

Minny shook her head violently.

"Please no… no… no… no I just want to be treated like normal, and I hate that people keep calling me princess!" Minny stated.

Abby was happy as well, she wanted to continue being friends with Minny, but was unsure if she would still want to be friends with her. She was sure that many would be trying to get close with Minny now, unlike before, and she might just get in the way.

For Minny though, all of those would just be fake friendships, Abby, who was her friend when she knew noone, that was her real friend.

"PRINNNNCESSS!!!" A voice called out entering the classroom door. "Where is the princess?"

Immediately, Tobi's eyes latched onto Minny and he started to run over, bowing his head.

"Minny, I always knew you were amazing, but to think that you were a long lost princess. This is… this is… perfect. Just like those TV shows, the princess always rejects the prince and decides to go for someone more common and I could be… I could be… I could be.."

"Stop it!" Abby said. "Minny doesn't like to be called princess, just call her Minny."

Seeing Tobi and Abby again, it really warmed her, she could just be herself again, and not worry about a grand war, or having to fight, this was one of her favourite memories, being at school together with them.

She didn't realise how much she missed it, until she was unable to attend.

The rest of the day continued like normal, there were some differences for Minny, for example when she put her hand up, the others put their hand down allowing for her to answer. She noticed this after a few times and then stopped putting her hand up after.

Other than that, it really had gone back to normal, but there was a strange mood in the air. When listening into others' conversations, Minny could hear it, the others talking about some of their parents having been killed in the war.

Luckily, Abby's parents were fine, her father was on the research side, and her mother was the designated parent. For Tobi it was the same, only his father was in the settlement since his mother was banished, so he was the dedicated parent for Tobi, meaning he didn't have to go out to war.

Finally though, it was time for break, and Minny could try to forget about all of that. When break came, there were still many interested in Minny. For one, now all those in the higher grades were giving her more attention.

"If she's Quinn's daughter then she must be super strong. She must have held back in that assessment that happened a while ago." Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

"Hey, just because one is strong doesn't mean the other is, and besides haven't you heard, I think she was adopted."

"Damn, I wish I was adopted into the Talen family, could you imagine that!"

Rumours were spreading all over the place, and she didn't like it one bit. Still, no one was approaching the three, almost too scared, that was until one student, an older one, walked toward them.

"Sister Hebe!" Minny called out.

She remembered Hebe, she had kept her secret about her powers and her mother's at the time, and was one of the students selected to be taught by one of the original leaders.

"Minny, I hate to ask you this, but I need your help." Hebe said. "It's about Jared, do you remember him?"

Hebe and Jared were the two that kept Minny's secret and were always nice to her. She had even fought against him in the assessment. In the end, Jared had Magnus as his mentor teacher.

"Jared has been taken away by the leaders, I think he's under investigation for something. Which is why, I need your help, I need you to speak to your father, I think Jared is in trouble."

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.