Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The celestial space was originally created by one of the Ancient Ones. Celestials could create their own celestial space, but none were as large as the celestial space used by all.

Time passed slower than in any other space, and there were certain things one could do in this special space that they weren't able to do in others. For example, travel to other planets and areas.

This was something unique to the Ancient One. When creating spaces, he could add unique elements to them, but with all of the spaces he created, hard-set rules needed to be applied.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The number of rules, how many people these rules applied to, what type, and who… all of these things would dictate the strength of the space created.

Using this power, the celestial was also able to create prison cells for the celestials that caused too much trouble. Killing them would result in their rebirth at some point, so it was best to put them in their own space with no way of escaping.

Quinn had been subjected to this before. The rules were simple, making it nearly impossible to break out using his powers alone, but he had found a way around them by giving up his celestial title and turning into a god slayer.

It was something unique to Quinn that had never happened before.

But the celestial space was just that, a space. It was used as a tool to make their jobs far easier, a way for all of the gods to work together and accomplish the bidding that the universe wished for them more easily.

The person the Ancient Ones put in charge of the celestial space was Mundus, and that was how he became known as the Messenger. There were very few celestials who had seen what the Ancient Ones looked like.

Moreover, they rarely observed things themselves and simply received information passed on by Mundus. With his information, they would make decisions on what to do, rarely getting involved unless it was of utmost importance.

What this meant was that the Ancient Ones didn't live in the celestial space; they lived in the grand universe outside it. In a strange solar system, where there was one planet that orbited the sun.

There was almost nothing in space; no asteroids or other planets. Whether it had always been this way or had become so, only those who lived on the planet would know. The planet resembled Earth to a large extent, with vast blue seas and greenery spread all over. It mostly looked like a wild jungle that had been spread across the surface. However, there was one major difference… the clouds. Instead of being high up in the sky, they were low, close to the ground and everywhere.

As they passed through objects, they would leave a significant amount of water vapour on the trees. There were also more clouds than there would be on Earth, covering a large portion of the planet's surface.

One area, however, remained clear of clouds, as if it wasn't allowed to be touched. It was a castle, a large castle with rectangular-shaped walls and only one gate, one entrance.

The place was surrounded by clouds, as if it was floating on top of them, and it was hard to find if one tried to look for it from the surface. This was because, like a giant flying object, it constantly moved around the planet.

Walking atop the clouds, heading towards the gate, was none other than the Messenger. Reaching the front gate, two guards stood by the side of the doors, dressed in identical armour.

The armour was covered in red, blue, and white stripes, giving the impression that they were wearing some kind of clown uniform.

"Hey, so you guys are still here, like always. This place never changes," Mundus commented, but neither of them said a word.

Holding out his hand, celestial energy was released, hitting both of the doors. The doors lit up, and on the other side, a mechanism started to turn as celestial energy continued to move it.

These were the castle gate doors, and the only way to open them was by using celestial energy, but not just any celestial energy, it had to be registered. When the doors were created, they were infused with celestial energy.

After that, only the person who created the doors could open them or register new energy for them to be opened. Mundus was one of those registered, so the doors would open for him.

There was a simple reason for this: the place, the planet where Mundus currently resided, was where the Ancient Ones lived.

Once the doors opened, one could see inside the castle. It was large and filled with ornaments and paintings. The ornaments and paintings seemed to be from long ago, but the strange thing was that each item appeared to be from a different time period.

Some items looked much newer than others, and it was difficult to see them displayed together. As Mundus continued to walk through the hallways, there were items that seemed to be from entirely different planets.

"This collection changes every time I walk through these halls, but I suppose when one has the ability to do absolutely anything, they must have some sort of hobby."

Eventually, Mundus found a staircase leading down below. Once again, he was met with a door with a peculiar locking mechanism in front. Just like the last door, he held out his hand and blasted it with celestial energy.

The lock twisted and turned until the door eventually opened, and steam started to emanate from the bottom. Stepping inside, Mundus found himself in a completely silver room.

It was long, stretching so far until the end was no longer visible, resembling a tunnel. The walls, at least in the first part, were filled with all sorts of weapons. They had various shapes and sizes, clearly crafted from the remains of powerful beasts.

Just by looking at the weapons, one could tell that they held immense power. The wall was adorned with them, hanging in place. These were the god slayer weapons that had been confiscated and locked up.

Mundus had been walking for about an hour until the weapons finally ceased, but the tunnel continued. Instead of weapons on the walls, there were now crystals.

First, Mundus went right to the end and placed H's crystal in an empty slot, with the rest of the slots ahead still unoccupied, indicating that there was room for many more.

"I hope I don't come across any more powerful God Slayer items, though. Otherwise, I'll have to go through that whole moving process again. This tunnel and system weren't very well thought out."

After placing H's crystal down, Mundus searched for an empty gap. Finally, he found it—the spot where Malik's crystal was meant to be. He placed the murky-coloured crystal in its original position.

"Locked down in here, you should never be allowed to roam freely and cause so much trouble again," Mundus said to himself proudly. "Although 'should be' is a very important question. It still perplexes me to this day how someone was able to get in here.

"The only ones with access are me and the Ancient Ones, but it couldn't possibly be any of them, and it wasn't me. Unless someone used memory alteration on me, I would have remembered something like that."

Mundus continued to walk through the walls of crystals until he eventually came to another empty gap on the wall.

"That day, two crystals were stolen from this vault. One was returned, but the other has yet to come back."

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.