Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

﻿

The original leaders Edvard and Hikel both saw the same thing as Quinn. They witnessed what Jared had tried to do in his final moments. Condensing not just a small amount of blood aura but it was an extremely large amount, in fact too large for someone who was just his age, unless they were some type of genius.

The thing was, after all the investigation they had done, after seeing how Minny and Hebe had welcomed him back, they never thought, right there and then in front of Quinn, that Jared would attempt to harm his daughter.

"What are you talking about, Jared would never try to hurt Minny!" Hebe shouted.

The leaders emitted blood aura creating a type of barrier, warning the two girls to stop. However, Minny wasn't trying to push forward, and that was because she felt it as well. The great power that was coming toward her.

It was a good thing Quinn was there because then there was a chance that no one would have been able to stop it. At the moment Quinn wasn't wearing his god slayer armour. He never really had it on since the day he had fought against Ray.

The armour was meant to be a secret from the celestials, so it would be best that he kept it that way. He wouldn't want to be using it, and have some celestial taking a peak finding out what he had.

Regardless, without it, Quinn was still plenty strong and plenty fast.

'What is this?' Quinn thought as he held up Jared. He was struggling, kicking his legs, and swinging his arms. The energy around him was running wild, and just like with the strike before, the power behind them was far more than he was capable of.

This was the power of a vampire knight, but of course to Quinn these hits simply bounced off him.

'The look in his eyes, has he lost control, it doesn't feel like I'm looking at the same person I was looking at before, and the marking… I should have known that they would have been able to hide it, most likely all of this is Magnus or Immortui's doing.

'But why target Minny, he already said she has nothing to do with all of this. She can't help them in any way, so why would he try to kill her, and if I wasn't here, if he had decided to just pretend to get along, leave the castle, he could have attacked her while I wasn't next to her.'

This thought made Quinn shudder with fear.

"Stop struggling for a second!" Quinn said, as he sent a wave of Qi directly to Jared's head, as it hit him, it caused him to pass out immediately. He stopped struggling and Quinn let him go onto the ground.

"Did you… kill him!" Hebe asked.

"Don't worry, your friend is very much alive, but I'm not sure you will be able to see him so soon."

The two girls were sent home, Minny was told to go straight to Layla and stay with her, to not get out of her sight until he had come back, in the meantime, he needed to deal with the current situation.

The good news was that they were in the tenth castle, and in the tenth castle there was possibly the one person that would prove to be the most helpful in this type of situation, and that was Vincent.

The three were inside his lab, and Vincent had asked the others to carefully lay Jared down in a strange room that was built into the wall of the lab. When they moved out, a glass door slid closed.

It was a type of cell, but not for prisoners, it was more so for experiments on other things. The reason why Quinn had gone to see Vincent for help was because he was a great researcher and on top of that he stayed in frequent contact with Logan.

According to Vincent, Logan had recently nearly passed on all the information that Richard Eno had given him. It was as if they had Richard Eno himself with them.

"I'm sorry Quinn, but I'm not sure there is a way to remove the marking from Jared. We could attempt cutting off his hand, but it wouldn't be a guarantee and it's not like we have other subjects we could test that on.

"And I doubt something as complex as this can be removed just by cutting a part of it out. Wouldn't you have more ways of stopping this, considering your experience?"

As a celestial, Quinn used to be able to mark people himself, and he had broken one marking before, although that was on a weapon, but with him no longer having celestial energy any more, there was no way for him to do anything himself.

'I can think of one thing.' Quinn thought to himself, but just having the thought itself made his stomach twirl a little bit. 'The marking doesn't have to be removed by me, it can be removed by another celestial.

'As long as they have enough points to remove the marking, but if we were to do this, then it would have to be a celestial that I trust, or one that I can ask help from.'

There were certain names that were popping up in Quinn's head, but none of them quite fit the bill.

"We don't have a lot of options. Tell Logan to do a search on anyone that matches Magnus's face, and also for him to see what every vampire is doing on earth. At the same time contact Zenon from the Graylashes and for him to do the same.

"I know we might not find anything, but we have to try. As for the vampire settlement itself, we have no clue who has a marking and who doesn't. Jared was the one that worked closely with Magnus, but he might not be the only one.

"We need to do a full investigation on all of those that have had contact with him, including the other leaders. They might not like it but we have to."

Although the others agreed to the orders, there was still a problem of what to look for. If they could hide their marking, then they were meant to just observe people until they finally acted, but what else could they do?

He needed to know what they were after, was it him, his family or something else. Right now, they were on the defensive.

'The attack, they knew I would stop it, otherwise they would have never attacked right in front of me.'

"You are absolutely right." A deep voice that echoed, and was distorted could be heard throughout the room. It was almost so distorted to the outside that one wouldn't be able to understand what was being said, yet all of them could hear it clearly.

They looked ahead, and through the glass, Jared was slowly getting up off the floor. He pushed himself up with his arms and lifted his head, revealing glowing white eyes, full of celestial energy.

"I have been wanting to talk to you for some time now… I never thought though, this is how the two of us would meet Quinn Talen." Jared said.

It was clear to all of them in the room that this wasn't Jared speaking, just like before, it was someone else.

While the others somewhat stood back away from the glass, Quinn had decided to take a step forward.

"You've been waiting to speak to me, well then speak, but tell me who am I speaking to?" Quinn asked.

Jared started to break out into laughter swinging his head back. The sound of the laughter was getting louder and louder, it was incredibly powerful and all of the machinery that Vincent had monitoring the inside of it was going off the charts as beeps and other things were heard.

The laughter stopped, and so did the rest of the equipment going off. Jared looked straight ahead at Quinn.

"Can you really not guess, it is I, Immortui… now let's have a little talk, shall we?"

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.