Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

When it came to making a list of those Quinn was close to, the list was a rather long one. It was because even though they might not be those very close to him, there were still those with a connection.

In the end, the list that had been made, was made with the idea of those who Quinn would fight for and protect. The problem again was, that was a pretty broad answer, because he would fight for the whole of earth and the vampires, he had done that before and would do so again.

So, the list was done by order of relation to Quinn. Even Muka's name was on there. When scrolling with her finger, it had landed on Ronkin.

A vampire who was a simple guard, but had been promoted onto one of the expedition teams. After all of the trouble with war and such though, he had been asked to become a guard once again and that was his current job.

While a guard, he had worked closely with Quinn, and him along with another vampire named Jeouk had done a lot in the war, such as guiding the shadow beasts to do battle.

When asking the question to the woman on the floor, she already knew the answer. The woman nodded her head, confirming that it was Ronkin that had been taken.

'Taken… not killed?' Muka thought. 'What's the reason for that, and for those at the prison to appear now as well. Unless, is it all a distraction.'

A lot of information was given out at the ceremony. When everyone came together to thank all those that had died and fought in the war, there was a special mention for those that had worked extra hard, such as Ronkin and Jeouk.

It was possible that they considered Ronkin a lot closer to Quinn because of that.

"I have to inform Quinn, immediately!" Muka said, as she went and picked up the woman off the ground. "I'll transport you to the ninth castle, if you stay there you should be fine."

"Wait!" the woman called out. "Are we being targeted, is my family being targeted? If that's the case my son… he goes to Roland academy, we have to get him out of there!"

"If your son is at the school, I think that might be one of the safest places out there." Muka smiled, reassuring her.

———

Minny had gone to school the next day, after she had been informed of the big event. She wanted to talk to Hebe, try to cheer her up, but it looked impossible. In the end, Minny was told she had to go straight home anyway, so she was unable to do anything.

Although Minny was saddened by Jared's death, it wasn't too significant for her. She hardly knew Jared, and not only that, but due to her situation, she had become quite accustomed to people that she likes disappearing from her life, it wouldn't have been the first time.

She wanted to explain that the feeling would eventually go away, but many would assume MInny had no idea what she was talking about due to her age, even though she probably knew about loss more than most.

When coming to school, the next day there was quite a change. For one, there were guards from multiple different families standing around the entire area. The students and the parents weren't sure what it was for, but a statement came out that they were just protecting the future generation, and there had been a report of beasts in the area.

Since what happened the time before with beasts, the vampires bought the lie. If they learned the truth, then things just would be too hectic.

Looking around though, Minny was trying to see if Hebe had appeared, she wouldn't be surprised if she took the day off.

When entering the classroom, the changes didn't stop there though, in Minny's classroom, there were two vampire guards at the back, and they were vampire knights as well. Although the other classrooms did have guards, none of them were knights.

"Do you think they put the knights in this class because of Minny?" Tobi asked.

"That would be my guess." Abby replied. "I mean, she got to be one of the most important people, right."

Walking into the classroom was Miss Bedford, and when she entered her feet were a bit wobbly, and finally getting to the front, she took a deep stare at all of the students without saying a word.

"What's wrong with Miss Bedford today?" Abby whispered.

"I'm not sure, maybe she's just nervous because of all the guards and the situation." Tobi replied.

It was clear to all of the students that something was going on.

———

Leona had eventually appeared at the underground cells and rushed to where Quinn was. Muka had informed her that she wouldn't be going, so it was her job to look after and do as Quinn asked.

Just seeing the great leader though, her heart was beating too fast.

"Open one of the cells." Quinn ordered. "I need to go inside and speak to them, and figure out what is going on."

When the glass to the cell door opened, some would think that the prisoner would try to escape, but when they saw that Quinn was entering, all of those ideas went out of the window.

"Sir!" The prisoner said, bowing his head down.

The glass panel went up from the ground locking the two of them in. The prisoner was respectful to Quinn. Even if they were in here due to crimes, or for violence against another vampire, they all still respected him, their current leader who was like a king to them.

"I need you… to answer a few questions." Quinn asked. "Did Magnus come visit you at any point and time, and how did you get that marking on your head?"

The man lifting his head looked at Quinn, he was a bit nervous to answer. The influence skill wasn't being used just yet, but he knew that it could, and would force him to spill everything.

"I… have never met with Magnus before." The man answered.

If this was true, then it would mean that Immortui had marked them another way. It was important they knew how, otherwise they would have to suspect that anyone could become a dedicated follower of his.

"The marking… it appeared after I woke up." The man answered.

Something wasn't quite right, for one his heart beat, it was starting to beat faster and even the man's pupils were darting around the room, trying to look everywhere but directly at him.

'If he knows I can use the influence skill, why would he lie about this, but judging from this reaction, he didn't lie about meeting Magnus.'

"The blood." Quinn said. "It's quite recent, and fresh, whose is it, why is it here?"

The sound of the man's heart beating louder was heard again until it finally calmed down with a loud exhale of air.

"I'm sorry sir… I was embarrassed to tell you." The man stated. "It's true, the marking appeared after I woke up, but there was something that happened before I woke up. I have been in these cells for a while now… and I have lived a relatively long life. So I decided that it was best if I just ended it.

"I attempted to slit my own neck, the blood on the ground is my own. When I woke up though, my neck… it was healed and the marking on my forehead was there."

Quinn's eyes widened as he came to a realisation.

Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

'Is that it, is that how Immortui can mark people. Those that are close to death, he can save and make them dedicated followers. If that's the case, then those followers could bring even more followers in as well.

'Knowing the condition though, we can narrow down the source, at least in the vampire settlement where the population is low.'

"Quinn!" Leona shouted. "I just received a report!"

She stood on the other side of the cell door, panicked.

"It's about a vampire named Ronkin, he was missing, but it looks like he's been found."

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.