Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The pressure was mounting on Quinn to make a decision, but it was one even if he had a large amount of time, he didn't think it would make it any easier.

"Oh no, quick he has to pick one, it has to be the child." One called out.

"Either one he chooses, we have to stay behind Quinn. It's one of his friends for f*ck sake! We can't condemn him for any decision he makes."

A lot of vampires agreed with this thought, and turned to look at Quinn. A shadow was rising around him, covering his body, his back and the ground beneath him as well.

"This is my last warning." The man, who was being controlled by Immortui said. "If you try to attempt anything, my hands will snap their necks!"

Hearing those words, the shadow disappeared from Quinn, and he looked straight into Ronkin's eyes. His face was the only thing he seemed to have some control over, and that's when he smiled.

'It's okay Quinn… pick the girl.' Ronkin thought in his mind, hoping that his message would get through somehow. 'I'm in this situation in the first place, because I wasn't strong enough to protect my family, but I know that with you looking out for them, that they will be safe, so please, don't save me, and pick the girl!'

Although Quinn wasn't able to hear the thoughts of Ronkin, the smile told him everything, he was happy if he wasn't the one that was picked.

'You think that makes the decision any easier… but it just makes it harder.' Quinn thought to himself. 'You are a great person Ronkin.'

"Times up!" The man said. "What's your answer?"

Quinn clenched both of his fists, they were shaking with his head down to the ground. Lifting it up, his eyes were glowing red.

"I chose… I chose to save both of them!" Quinn shouted out loud.

The man was stunned, because even though Quinn had yelled these words with such determination he was still standing there, not making any movement or action, he had somewhat expected for Quinn to dart right towards him.

From the crowd's point of view as they looked up at the man, they saw two strikes of red aura, and the next moment both of the man's arms fell off, dropping the girl and Ronkin. Turning around, to see who was there, the man could see Quinn right behind him, his hands glowing red and swinging his arm he had slashed his head off.

It went up in the air before bouncing on the roof and falling to the ground.

Ronkin, who was on the roof, was looking at the Quinn here, he then turned his head to look towards the crowd and could still see a Quinn there as well.

'There are two Quinns?' Ronkin thought confused.

Soon, the Quinn that was still on the ground, started to turn into nothing but shadows as it disappeared.

'My plan… it worked, I managed to save both of them.' Quinn thought to himself.

At the time, when the controlled vampire stated that he only had 30 seconds to act, Quinn had covered his body in shadows. He hadn't moved forward and he took a risk that Immortui wouldn't act unless he tried to attack.

During that time, Quinn had created a shadow clone of himself, while he himself had entered his shadow travel. Disguising himself while the focus was still on him, the shadow travel took the real Quinn elsewhere.

He didn't have a lot of time, but there were a couple of things that he could do. One of them was putting on his god slayer tier boots. They had the ability of flight but not only that, but silent steps as well.

Holding his breath, and hiding his energy deep within, the real Quinn was able to easily get behind the controlled vampire, and slice both of his arms off before he noticed, and just before he could do or think of doing anything else, he had sliced off his head as well.

Muka, along with Leona, had quickly both gotten on top of the rooftop, and were checking the little vampire's condition while Quinn was kneeling by Ronkin's side.

"I have to admit, I was ready to die back there." Ronkin said. "Looks like I owe you a drink."

"I think, I might owe you one for putting you through all of this." Quinn replied.

The situation seemed to be over for now, at least that was what Quinn had thought, until he could hear the deep, distorted laughter coming from one of those in the crowd. Having a look, it was another man from the crowd, an older looking vampire this time, but one that had the same marking on his hand.

"Hahaha, so you chose to save both and were successful, is that how you see it?" The voice was clearly coming from Immortui rather than the old man.

"Yet, in doing so, didn't a vampire of the settlement die." The old man walked over to the head on the ground and lifted him up by his hair. "You see this person, he was a good vampire. One that fought for the settlement in the war, believing that he could help, and protect his family. He had nearly died, had gone through death once but there was a strong sense of hope which kept him alive.

"He didn't know how, but he believed it was a miracle, and would do anything he could to spend time with his family, having been given this second chance.

"After managing to survive all of that, he comes back, and then gets his head sliced off by you Quinn. You directly killed him with your own hands. That's four lives already that you failed to save." Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The realisation had come to Quinn, he had been so focused, so determined on protecting Ronkin and the girl, that he had acted out more so than he should have. It wasn't the vampire's fault that he was being controlled.

There was also something else in what Immortui had said, 4 lives? Shouldn't it have been two. It was then, the memory of the two marked at the prison, because he had rushed out, he hadn't given any orders in what to do with the two others.

Quickly, Quinn's shadow went over him, his armour set had suddenly changed.

[Nitro accelerate]

In a blink, Quinn was by the old man's side, and grabbing his arms, he had crushed them to the point where they were unable to be used again.

The crowd screamed, unsure of what was going on, then before he could do anything else, Quinn had immobilised his legs, kicking them with the right amount of force, breaking them as well. He placed the old man on the floor, while leaving his leg on top of his chest to keep him still.

"Muka, this old man, he needs to be immobilised, make sure you do whatever you can, so he won't kill himself!" Quinn ordered.

After Stark's death, the armour had been obtained by MInny and she had given it back to her father. Using his powers, he had travelled at full speed to stop the old man from doing anything.

He wasn't going to let another person die, at least not in front of him.

The old man was still possessed by Immortui and looked at Quinn with a big grin on his face.

"You seem to be quite startled, the moves you are making, all of them are desperate. I can tell." The man stated. "I had the chance to kill them both, I had the chance to kill many vampires if I wished.

"Because I want you to decide Quinn, have you made up your mind yet."

Quinn looked the man directly in the eyes.

"I already gave you my decision. I know, even more will die with you free!" Quinn exclaimed.

"Very well." The old man said. "In the end, all of this was just a big distraction from my real target."

*****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.