Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The kids in the room weren't so shocked that the guards had been defeated, or that they were attempting to go after Minny like the situation looked. What they were most surprised about was Miss Bedford.

Tobi, who wasn't too far from the situation, stared at her muscular legs, the skirt that she was still wearing and her sunken and defined face.

"Mr… Bedford?" He blurted out confused.

They were all stunned that Miss Bedford had suddenly turned into a man, but not only that, this person looked nothing like her.

"Did MIss Bedford just transform, is this some type of super power?"

"That's cool, she can be both man and woman, like a man wom… wait what, woman, has the word man in already?" Another commented.

Some were even impressed by her strength as they looked at the wall, where one of the guards had been hit into, and the ground that was heavily dented and cracked. These weren't just any vampires, they were vampire knights that Peter had dealt with in a single hit. He had long surpassed the strength of a vampire knight.

"What are you doing here Uncle Peter, why did you attack them?" Minny asked.

Peter readjusted his skirt again. It felt really uncomfortable on him. A master of disguise that had the transformation ability, and could use the mud mask to transform others as well, his soul weapon.

"Those two guards that were sent here to protect you, they were coming to you. My guess is they were going to attack you." Peter explained. "Your father was worried about you, so he came up with a back up plan, and that was for me to stay in school at all times.

"It was a bit short notice, and the only one we could confirm that hadn't joined the war and was willing to work with us was Miss Bedford."

The other children who overheard this thought that it might be the case. The guards weren't there to protect them but to protect Minny, but why had they turned and were going against her. All they could do was think about the cartoon and TV shows they would watch.

"Oh! Is this some sort of uprising? Has Quinn Talen been betrayed and now someone is trying to take over the vampire settlement?" Tobi said with stars in his eyes.

"Erghh teacher!" Abby called out. "I'm not sure if those two that were in the classroom are the only ones that are after Minny.

Abby pointed through the large glass windows, on the inside of the school, and they could see several guards making their way to where they were.

"Mister, are they here to protect Minny or attack Minny?" another asked.

"Everyone, get to the other side of the classroom!" Peter shouted.

The kids listened and started to shout, while at the same time, Peter ran forward in front of Minny and her friends. He let out his power as he started to gather celestial energy. The tables and chairs were pushed to the side crashing into the blackboard and into the wall at the other end of the room.

The head tail on his head had split into two and before he knew it, crashing through the window, breaking the glass, were several blood aura swipes. They all came raining down towards Peter but his head tails moved fast, swiping and hitting all of them.

As each head tail slashed a blood swipe, it burst into nothing but red particles. Following up with the attacks, two of the vampires had attempted to jump through the window.

The strange yellow energy that Peter was able to control around his fists more and more. The energy had gathered around both of them. Throwing out both of his fists in the air and pulling back like a loaded shotgun the energy blasts went off hitting both of the vampires right in the chest and sending them flying back out of the classroom.

"Even with their crappy marking powering them, none of these are hard to deal with." Peter exclaimed.

The other guards were standing on the other side of the broken window, from the hallway looking in. They stood there strangely in place, making the kids nervous. They could tell from the training they had done, if Peter wasn't there to stop the blood swipes, the whole classroom would have been a blood bath.

"You are quite strong." One of the marked guards said. "I have no doubt that you can beat all of these here, but can you do so while protecting every single one of those kids?"

Peter smiled at the question and even started to chuckle.

"My job was already done, the plan was never for me to beat up whatever was coming after Minny." Peter said.

Behind Minny, a figure started to rise up from her shadow.

"Maybe I can't deal with all of you guys at once, because that's not how I fight, but he definitely can."

Right behind Minny, Quinn had appeared, and raising his hands, several blood bullets were in the air, hovering. Moving his hands forward, all of the blood bullets went out, hitting the guards in their knees and arms. The bullets went right through them and they instantly fell to the ground.

In one attack, the threat was over.

"That's Quinn Talen, I can't believe he's at our school!"

"That's Minny's dad, I saw him before, but now that we know who he is, it's like a different thing altogether, and he's so handsome." Some of the kids commented.

With one leap Quinn had jumped through the window and landed in the pile of fallen guards, they were still rolling about on the floor.

Swiping his hand across his face, a shadow flickered, and now the god slayer tier Oni mask was on. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

[Lightning attribute has been selected. ]

Quinn placed both of his hands on the ground.

[Blood shock]

The red lighting went out through the ground in all directions, as if it was searching for something to attack. It finally latched onto the bodies and started to electrify them with blood powers, making sure each one of them was unable to move.

"Now… that has been dealt with." Quinn said, removing the mask from his face.

——

After the attack had been stopped, Muka and the others had soon arrived, and took all of the guards in as captives. Unfortunately, Peter had been a little too rough on two of the guards he had initially attacked, and they had lost their lives.

The settlement, as well as Quinn, were all on high alert for a while. They were waiting for Immortui's next move, expecting him to continue his rampage, but after a few hours nothing had occurred.

They felt like they could breathe for a moment, and once again a meeting was taking place. This time, Muka, Edvard, Hikel, and Vincent were at the table along with Quinn.

"Do you think he has given up?" Hikel asked.

"I highly doubt that. He's probably just planning his next scheme. After failing to take Minny's life two times, I think he won't try a third, she is heavily protected." Vincent replied.

"That's what I find a bit strange about all of this." Quinn said. "I talked to Peter, and the strength of those that have been marked, aren't strong at all. It's as if Immortui is only giving them enough celestial energy so he can control and speak through them, rather than making them trained fighters."

"You're right." Edvard said. "But wouldn't that make sense. Someone like Magnus who is his follower, it would be better to give him more power as he is already strong."

"Right." Quinn replied. "Honestly, I think if the level of the attacks today were to go after Minny, Layla or Peter, they all would have been able to handle themselves with ease. To give them trouble, they would need someone like Magnus, so where is he?"

There had still been next to no reports on Magnus, but one thing they could confirm was that he wasn't at the vampire settlement.

"Do you really think having a dedicated follower as strong as him doing nothing would make sense. I worry." Quinn said.

"What… are you worried about?" Vincent asked.

"It's about what Immortui said before, about the whole thing being a distraction, it was just one after the other, the prison cell, Ronkin, and the school. What if… this whole game that he has me in, is a whole big distraction while Magnus is off doing something else?

"That's what I'm worried about, and with no clue where Magnus is, or what Immortui wants to do, we're stuck."

Little did they know, Magnus had safely arrived on Earth.

*****

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.