Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Inside the tenth castle, preparations were being made. Quinn was trying to figure out the last few bits of what he needed before heading off to Earth. Everything needed to be carefully planned.

He had given orders beforehand, in case anything was to happen while he was away, and he needed to make sure there was no way Immortui would know about this. Against the opponent he was going up against this time, it wasn't a simple task such as just beating them.

It was something he couldn't even do, so he needed to try his best to think ten steps ahead.

Just as Quinn reached out to grab something he had placed on the table from before he could hear the sound of footsteps from outside of his door. He lifted his hand towards the door, and two swirls of blood appeared, opening it up.

The men could be seen, and they were confused at what had just happened, as they were just about to push the door open themselves, but quickly shook their heads.

"Hey Quinn, we heard about where you're going." Edvard said.

Two originals had decided to pay him a visit, Edvard and Hikel. They had been informed of the plans due to their trusted positions, and as soon as they had, they both had decided to pay Quinn a visit.

"I was just about to leave, what do you need from me, is there something you don't understand?"

The two originals looked at each other, before Hikel stepped forward.

"We would like to ask a favour of you." Hikel said. "We want you to take us to Earth with you."

Quinn had to take a second look at the two to see if they were serious but their tone of voice said it all.

"….why?" Quinn eventually asked.

"As you know, the two of us have been in eternal sleep for a while." Edvard explained. "It's been a while since we have been to Earth, it was our original home, and I'm curious about how much has changed."

Hikel gave a quick kick to Edvard on the leg.

"What he meant to say was that Magnus is one of us, one of the originals that were with us from the beginning. We have a responsibility to bring him in, we also know him a lot better than you and can help.

"You know, with the opponent we are going against, you can't do everything on your own."

Quinn thought about it, out of the two reasons he actually felt more bad for Edvard, because he had felt the same way when he was asleep for a 1000 years.

"What about the settlement and your positions, what if something was to happen here?" Quinn asked.

"Muka will still be here along with the other leaders. Although there might be some that are helping Magnus that have yet to appear, I believe the settlement is in a strong place where there are enough people that can help defend it.

"Your wife, for one, is extremely strong and there is Peter as well. Besides, if there is any trouble, they can inform us immediately, and you can always use your shadow link to appear by your daughter."

Hikel made very good points, but there were times where his shadow link wouldn't work. Maybe this was what Immortui wanted him to do, leave the settlement, which was why part of the plan was that, from the outside it would appear as if he had never left.

Peter was no longer a teacher at the school, guarding over Minny. Instead he was now using the transformation skill to be another Quinn. There was Vincent who could take up this role as well, but he was far too busy with other things.

Peter would be taking an active role, as Quinn, leader of the settlement. Not many people knew about the plans, so it was unlikely Immortui would find out.

At the same time, a special mask was given to Quinn, that was what was on the table he had been reaching out for. This would allow him to become someone else. While on Earth it was important he wasn't discovered as well, in case Immortui found out.

And besides, it was no longer a world where Quinn Talen was able to just walk outside freely.

"If you have come up with this many reasons to leave with me, then I guess I have no choice." Quinn smiled.

He had never really journeyed with these two before, but he was sure that his time spent with two originals would be an interesting one. Maybe he could even talk over with them, the start of the vampires and what it was like, perhaps even talk about Ricahrd Eno a bit.

A vampire that was close to Quinn, but not close enough to talk about those things. With all the plans in place, the three of them set off in a small ship heading to Earth, having no real idea what they were in store for.

Looking at the settlement, Quinn just hoped that everything would be okay without them.

——

Meanwhile, back in the throne room of the tenth castle, Peter was messing around with a red scarf around his neck. He flicked it to one side to fall over his armour, and then to the other side.

He was already disguised, looking exactly identical to Quinn.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Which side do you think looks better?" Peter asked.

"Neither!" Muka angrily replied as they had already been doing this for fifteen minutes. "It is important that while you are Quinn that you act like him, Quinn never wore this silly silky red scarf."

"Oh, but it looked good and I thought it suited the king's look."

"Just get rid of the scarf and head outside." Muka said. It was very rare she lost her patience. She was always usually calm and cool headed, but she and Peter didn't mix well.

He was someone who did as he liked, didn't follow orders, where she was all about upholding orders. She felt like this whole thing would be quite the large task, as she had been asked to look over him.

The two of them were outside, and Peter was waving to the public as they walked through the markets and such

"It's important that we continue to make public appearances, so the people talk about us, and know we are still very present." Muka whispered.

"I see, I guess I never realised it before because I didn't pay attention, but Quinn gets a lot of looks from the girls." Peter said, as he went ahead and gave one a wink.

She almost fainted from the shock, that Quinn had actually interacted with her.

"Please P…!" Muka stopped herself there before saying his name. "Please refrain from doing anything that Quinn wouldn't usually do."

As they continued to walk through the streets, there were eyes on them from all areas, but sitting on a box of crates were a few vampires that were somewhat staring at Peter.

"Tch, look at him, he's taken on this king role really well." One of the vampires said.

"They treat him like he's a second hero, but didn't he kill a bunch of vampires, and what did he actually do to stop the enemy. Wasn't most of it all Sil's work? It seems like the vampires just want someone to have taken a big part in all of this."

"He has done some amazing things, but I reckon that's more due to the help of those around him. I don't think he's that strong himself."

The group continued to laugh, until they suddenly stopped. A shadow was cast over them, and they could see the person they were talking about was right in front of them.

Immediately, Peter grabbed the man that had made one of the comments by the scruff of his neck.

"I think you're right, I might not actually be that strong myself. Why don't you tell me." Peter said, as he lifted the man in the air, and threw him up. Before moving his hand back ready for a punch.

"Quinnn punch!" Peter shouted out, hitting the vampire right in the stomach, he went flying in the air, and eventually crashed back down into one of the buildings in the distance.

Muka's eyes looked like they were going to pop out of her head. If Quinn was gone for a long time, she thought she might not survive this whole thing.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.