Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The new pieces of land from earth were attached to already existing pieces of land making them larger, rather than creating small islands. This was so the planet could focus on easy and quick transport, underground tunnels and more for development.

They wanted Earth to be as connected as possible. One of the areas that was being developed was on a coast line, it was a new piece of land so the city was still in the middle of development.

"Look at all of this stuff, it's amazing!" Edvard said as he was still in the ship at the terminal. So far there hadn't been a single worker.

Everything had been automatic, the scanning of their faces, the entrance into the city and more. There were multiple screens and holographic displays that would just come up telling one where to do.

"So where do we head to now?" Hikel asked.

Immediately a hologram display appeared in front of Hikel showing him where he was on the map, and showing him where the exits were. He was a little startled by this.

"This is really hard to get used to." Hikel had to admit. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Oh, come on, change is great, all of these things are just to make life easier." Edvard couldn't stop smiling as everything was a joy to him.

"I know, but you have to remember, that in the past vampires were always much more advanced than humans in technology, but with us all lasting for a long time, we have decided to stick to one taste." Hikel explained.

Overhearing the two of them talk about the differences between the vampire settlement and Earth, made Quinn realise that the vampires really did live in a strange steampunk styled society.

They even had carriages that ran on beast crystals, when they could have built something a lot more aerodynamic.

"A lot more has changed since our lifetimes… thanks for bringing us Quinn." Edvard said.

Quinn turned around with a frown on his face.

"Sorry, I mean Buinn, it's hard to get used to the name, and your face, although I used to call you Buinn before." Edvard replied.

"Speaking of, should both of us have disguises, we are original leader's after all." Hikel asked.

"For you two it should be fine." Quinn explained. "If Immortui knows you are here, it might seem even less suspicious, he probably expected us to send someone. Besides, although you guys are popular in the settlement, I think you might find that no one really knows what you look like here."

As the group went outside the terminal and started to explore the city, they found what Quinn said was true. They had passed many vampires and expected them to notice them but they continued their day as normal.

In the first place, leaders were rarely seen, and the originals hadn't come out much either. Those who would have remembered their faces would long be gone, and those living on Earth, tried to not get involved with the settlement too much.

Of course, there was the possibility a few might notice them, but it was the same as if a human just spotted a politician they saw on TV sometimes, it wasn't too much of a big deal to the vampires that weren't living in the settlement.

A lot had changed in a 1000 years, and the traditions of treating leaders like they were some type of god was one of them.

The group was currently doing some exploring, the reason for landing specifically here was because Magnus's ship was found here as well. Most likely he wasn't still in the city and where he needed to be was another location, but they needed to check it out anyway just in case.

They searched quickly and through many places, even asking people if they saw any like him, but there were no clues, no obvious clues, so they decided to start looking in the more hard to see places, such as the current construction sites.

They walked on the ground floor, where the base was filled with mostly ground, and bags of material off to the side. There was a large fence on the outside that was to stop people from coming in.

These building projects took a lot more than just dirt, so there was a lot of equipment about and not just ability users.

"How long have they been following us for?" Hikel asked.

"About five minutes." Quinn replied. "They could be related to Immortui, so stay on guard."

A group of five vampires walked out with large grins on their faces, chuckling to themselves.

"Well, it looks like we have a bunch of newcomers in this city. You know, for every person that comes to this city, there is a fee that needs to be paid, and we haven't had our fee." The vampire said.

"Seriously?" Edvard raised an eyebrow. "Have I travelled back in time, what type of half made bad gang is this?"

"They want us to pay, what do they mean by this, and for what? The city is free to enter, and no one else had to pay anything?" Hikel said.

"They robbing us small brain." Edvard replied back.

"They're robbing us, do they really not recognize us… back in our day, no one would have even dared to try and do such a thing." Hikel said, sounding a little saddened in his voice.

"It's best if you guys just hand over your credits." The vampire said. "Don't even think about reporting it. The Vampire Corps are more concerned with dealing with vampire on human cases than vampire on vampire."

While saying these words, the three older men seemed to be in the middle of a conversation, and eventually Hikel started to walk out in front of them all.

"Do any of you happen to have a marking on your hand?" Hikel asked.

All of the vampires looked confused.

"I didn't think as much. In the end, I have been the one nominated to deal with you, so be gone!" Hikel swiped his hand and a single line of red aura went out.

It was too fast for the others to react, they had just started summoning their red aura, when the attack hit them, cutting them all deeply on their chests and sending them straight to the ground.

"Be thankful that I didn't kill you." Hikel commented. "And, be careful of who you mess with next time."

The three of them were off, and deciding that it was time to take a break of some sort. They all ended up sitting outside as the sun was starting to set at a coffee shop.

"I'm starting to think aimlessly searching isn't going to work." Edvard commented.

"I think you're right." Quinn admitted.

"Maybe, we should try focusing on one of the other things. We don't know why Magnus is here, but we do know that Immortui has targeted those with a relation to you before, who do you have a relation with that is still on Earth?"

Quinn thought about it for a few moments.

"I guess, there is Fex and Andy from the Vampire Corps. There is also Logan and his entire family, both of them are aware of the situation. It would be hard to get to them. Then… I guess there is also Lucia, she was someone who helped when we woke up, but as far as I know she went to the Graylash faction.

"The only other person I can think of is a woman called Jessica but I have no idea where she is."

"If we ask Logan to check the files, maybe he can confirm the positions of everyone. It wouldn't be any harm in checking if they were safe if were already here." Edvard suggested.

With no leads it didn't sound like a bad idea, but thinking about Jessica, made him wonder how she was doing, after all, she was a little different compared to the others.

"Oh, that reminds me, I wanted to ask you a question. Why were the vampires so afraid of the Dhampirs?" Quinn asked. "I heard at one point, there was one that nearly got rid of the whole settlement. Since you two are originals, I thought you would know more about it."

Both Hikel and Edvard looked at each other at that moment.

"That… happened?" Hikel asked, and Edvard shrugged his shoulders.

"I remember the war between the vampires and the werewolves, but nothing about a dhampir." Edvard replied.

Little did Quinn know, this simple question would unfold an unknown mystery to the vampires.

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.