Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

Hikel, known as Hike to the others, Stacy and Gabe were all fighting off the Black Swan members, they were surrounded but the two still took it upon themselves to protect the newby with one getting in front of him and one behind him.

The Black Swan group were organised as they kept their distance and started to throw blood swipes toward the three of them. Both Stacy and Gabe, rather than throwing out blood swipes of their own, used their blood aura to reinforce their arms, and in doing so they swung them, hitting the blood aura away.

It was a more effective way of blocking several attacks, but it took more energy, it almost felt like they were blocking a sword with each hit.

'These two are good people.' Hikel thought. 'I am practically a stranger to them, and yet, they have decided to protect me, so I need to help them out a little.'

Swinging both of his hands, he let out blood swipes. He didn't use his full power, but just enough to somewhat push the blood swipes back, right into their line of view before turning them into nothing but red particles.

"Now!" Hikel shouted, giving them a chance to fight.

They spread out, each going to two of the members. It would be a hard fight, at least Hikel would make it seem hard, as he avoided some of the punches thrown and allowed one to hit his side.

'Oh, if only you knew who I was, the things I would do to you.' Hikel thought.

However, the hit didn't really hurt him in the first place , so he continued on with these antics, taking them out slowly, hoping that the other two would do the same.

——

On the other side of the factory, Edvard was fighting with Galanar. They had four members going after two of them, which also made it a bit difficult for Galanar to act straight away.

When he saw an opening to attack, another would come from the side and attempt to strike him. On top of that he was continuously turning his head.

"Hey Edwood are you doing okay? I don't need you to beat them, but just hold out against these guys. I'll deal with them, one by one!" Galanar stated, as he swung his arms, blood swipes crashed into a vampire, and he leapt toward the other pretending to go for a punch, but quickly switched it up with a sweep, hitting the bottom of his legs.

There was a reason why he would usually be partnered up with Jessica, because on their team, he was one of the closest ones that could keep up with her.

Meanwhile Edvard was avoiding every hit so far, not striking back.

"Crap, I suppose I should take a hit or two from these guys to make it look realistic. Come on hit me, I won't move."

True to his word, Edvard didn't move and a hit landed right on his face. The fist was stuck there on his face for a moment.

"Did I say hit me in the face?" Edvard said.

The attacker could feel that something was wrong, he pulled his hand away and when he did he could see red glowing eyes.

The other attacker swung a knife he had, right toward Edvard's neck, turning around Edvard looked at him with the red glowing eyes.

"Stop." Were the words he said, he was still fixing his face a bit from the first punch.

The attacker instantly stopped, he was unable to move no matter how hard he tried, and he realised it was because he was under the influence skill.

'How… is that possible, how strong does a vampire's influence skill have to be, to have some control over me… who is this guy.'

With a smile on his face, Edvard was getting ready to give a punch of his life.

———

Inside the factory itself, the fighting had started off with a bang. Maybe it was because Jessica was trying to assess the situation, or the fact that she had a bad sleep two days in a row, but she was unprepared for the one coming from the rooftop.

If it wasn't for Bake, then she would have probably suffered a blow.

"If you are reliable like you say you are, then it should be fine to leave you be, right!" Jessica said, as she ran forward toward the group of people, pulling out two daggers.

Quinn let go of the passed out guy's face, and ran forward by her side. She struck the first vampires, avoiding their blows, getting in deep, she wasn't afraid of getting hurt, one could see this from the way she attacked.

It was almost as if she knew she was better than the others.

Meanwhile, Quinn was fighting, while keeping one eye on her. He was using nothing but his martial art skills, mainly his Muay Baron skills. He avoided a punch from a vampire filled with aura that shot out, but grabbed the arm and pulled it down over his shoulder, breaking the joint, before lifting the man and throwing him into another.

He had to be careful about using his powers, which was why he was using nothing but his skills, but also had to be wary that at any point and time, any one of these could be after her life.

It wasn't long, with the help of the three new recruits, that the job was completed. Jesscia stood there huffing and panting, while Quinn was fine, and was surrounded by those moaning with broken bones on the floor.

"Wow… you really are reliable, and you didn't even use a weapon or your aura." Jessica complimented.

"I am a trained fighter, so my skills rely on my fists and legs more than anything else." Quinn answered with a smile.

She didn't know why, but seeing the smile on Bake was nice, she just felt like it was someone she could trust, which was why she didn't want to ask him any more questions other than that, just happy that they had done a good day's work.

Later on, another squad had arrived at the scene. Barbra knowing that the Black Swan group had planned something big, sent three teams in, but there was no need.

When the group got back, they were congratulated by nearly the whole department, they all cheered for them, as they walked past. They had dealt with one of the major problems of the city, and of course in their heads it had to be Jessica.

When back in the office, the group needed to write a report of the events, the three recruits had been called by Barbra as she wanted to check if they were all okay, leaving all of the others in the room.

"Hey, the new guys they were pretty good." Stacy said. "I would hate to admit it, but I don't think things would have gone as smoothly without them."

"Yeah, I mean this could be a pretty big deal for all of us, we could all get promotions!" Galanar said. "Maybe that guy really is lucky after all."

The new group were happy with their department, and for the first time in a while, Jessica had forgotten about the stupid letters. When returning, they had decided to do a celebration of their own.

Taking a blood bank and having a nice drink together. They all put their drinks in the centre and cheered up in the air. It was a good day's work, and they all deserved the rest they needed as they headed home.

When Jessica got in her home, she was expecting to hear the same crumple she had done the last few days, from the white envelope but there was nothing on the floor.

"I guess, whoever sent that letter, when they said it was the last one, they must have really meant it." Jessica thought.

For the first time in a while she was able to get a good night's sleep. Little did she know she had three guardians looking over her.

Opposite, on top of the apartment building the usual three were standing there.

"It looks like nothing is going to happen today either." Edvard said.

"You're right, I thought that maybe the Black Swan group would have a marked that would act at that moment, but there didn't seem to be anything." Hikel said. "What do you want to do Quinn?"

He thought about it, as he continued to look down. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"I think you guys are right, we can't stay here forever. We will continue to watch over her and stay in the Vampire Corps for a little while longer, but if nothing else happens, we will need to move on."

——

The next day had arrived, and nothing out of the ordinary had occurred. If anything, for Jessica, things were kind of back to normal, as she had managed to sleep for the first time. Although it was a little later than usual.

"Crap, am I going to be late for the first time!" Jessica said, as she rushed to put on her clothes, and started to head straight for the Vampire Corps building.

When she got inside the building itself, she could see everyone walking around, but they had nervous looks on their faces, some were mumbling to each other but everyone was speaking that it was hard for Jessica to pick up on something. That was until Barbra, who was in the reception area, had spotted her.

"Jessica!" Barbra called out, and she was the one that rushed over to where she was.

"Jessica." She said again putting both of her hands on her shoulder.

"What's going on?" Jessica asked. "Why are you acting so strange?"

The look on Barbra's face, one could tell it was hard for her to speak, but she needed to, it was her job.

"There was a report, early this morning, while it was still night… both Stacy and Gabe… they were found dead in their apartments."

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back