Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Chapter 234 New kill

The student’s teammates had gathered around the exited student to see what he was blabbering on about. While a few others took a step back and even Del was watching carefully with his hand placed just above his communicator, ready to call one of the sergeants at any time.

However, there were a few students who moved forward, these tended to be the stronger ones, or those that enjoy the battle aspect more than anything. Even though they would no longer obtain any points from scanning the beast, they could still kill it and obtain the beast’s crystal.

One of the students who was moving closer turned out to be Quinn. When killing a beast for the first time there was a special bonus the system granted him. This though, was a beast that had never even been seen by human eyes before.

Perhaps being the first person to kill such a beast would also grant him additional points.

The idea that perhaps the system would reward him even further than this, drove him to have a keen interest.

Still, he stood a few steps away for the results everyone was waiting for.

The team that had discovered the beast gathered around the scanner which displayed basic information about the beasts, and after reading one line there was excitement on their face. It was a basic tier beast.

Keeping this secret to themselves they immediately dashed forward. If it was an intermediate tier beast the group might have been a little cautious but a basic tier was easy pickings for a team of five.

Seeing the team of five, Quinn was upset about how hesitant he had been. But he couldn’t act right now in front of these people. It wasn’t worth it, but maybe there was something he could do.

The beast that the group were chasing looked like an ordinary boulder that was stuck into the ground. It was nearly impossible to tell the difference between the boulders that had been there a while covered in moss and a beast.

Even now as the students charged towards the thing, there was no reaction from the beast and it still looked like a boulder.

Seeing this an idea came to Quinn’s mind. He ran around the side of all the students who were busily captivated by what was going on, and he entered a different part of the jungle.

"What’s he doing?" Fex thought as he managed to see Quinn dart off to the side. Fex too decided to go off and keep an eye on just what Quinn was trying to do.

"Come on guys, we can’t waste time just watching this thing, let’s carry on looking around," Vorden said.

The other groups felt the same way, while others decided to stay and watch what a beast would look like on the planet they were on.

The student leading the charge, hand turned into a brick-like substance, while the other students behind also drew their weapons and had their abilities readied.

The student and the front slammed his fist into the boulder, a loud impact was heard but there was no reaction.

The ones from behind had also decided to use their attacks on the strange boulder-like beast but the same had happened and it seemed like the shell was nearly impossible to break.

"Is this thing really a beast?" the student asked. "I understand if it has a hard shell but then why isn’t it doing anything when I attack it?"

Seeing that the so-called beast was doing nothing and not wanting to waste any more time, the students continued to scan around for other things.

However, there were some more students who tried to have a go at hurting the beast hoping to get the crystal, but there was no such luck. They felt like if they took the time they perhaps could have figured out how to deal with the beast.

But to put in so much effort to only get a basic crystal in return didn’t make much sense to them.

While everyone else had now lost interest in the beast, Quinn had not. He had continued to go through the jungle using his inspect skill on every boulder type thing he could see. Most of them were just that, regular boulders, but then he had finally achieved a result.

[Basic tier beast, Boulder snail]

[A beast that has an incredibly hard outer shell. The beast will only move when rain falls]

Quinn had travelled quite a distance away from the others, a little too much that he was now properly out of the zone. If he was to use his team’s scanner it would register that he was out of the area Del had mentioned.

Right now, he was only focused on one thing, unaware that the others were unable to defeat the beast, Quinn thought he was under a time frame. He wanted to be the first person to kill the beast.

After hearing about the description, he had an idea. Quinn stopped just in front of the boulder and readied himself. He looked around him just in case, even though he was out of the area the students were supposed to be in, he was unsure if there might have been a stray.

"Doesn’t look like anyone’s around," Quinn said.

He was unaware that he was actually being watched by Fex. Using strings as he walked between trees in the air, he made his movements almost silent and now he was carefully watching Quinn from above.

Quinn stomped his foot onto the ground, raised the energy inside him, and pulled back his arm as he let his other fist outward at the same time, he activated his skill Blood spray to create his still most powerful strike. Blood hammer.

If he couldn’t damage the outside then he would go for an attack that hurt the inside. As his fist hit the shell, the powerful impact caused a loud bang.

It sounded like someone had shot off a bullet in the middle of the forest. when looking at the beast there was a large crack in the boulder and black liquid was slowly dripping out from it.

"Was that the hammer strike!" Fex said as he watched in shock. "But I thought he was a complete beginner? No, he is definitely a complete beginner."

The hammer strike was an advanced move that was only usually taught to students after they understood the basics of martial arts. But after teaching Quinn, Fex decided to not teach him anything else. Yet, here he had just witnessed Quinn perform a skill beyond the basic martial arts just like the flash step.

"So he really must have a teacher then, maybe they’re the one that taught him the shadow ability as well? I need to find out more." Fex thought

[Basic beast has been killed]

[50 exp gained]

[First time killing Boulder snail]

[100 bonus Exp gained]

[You are the first person to kill a Boulder snail, 5000 bonus exp gained]

"Looks like I made it in time," Quinn said. After looking at the results of being the first person to kill such a beast, he was even happier with the decision he made.

Now the loud sound that erupted from the impact of the blood hammer on the beast’s shell had echoed throughout the jungle. Even the students who were two hundred or so meters back could hear it, but they chose to ignore it since the sound was a distance away. It wasn’t their concern.

But the sound really had travelled a good distance. Within its chambers, a large figure dwelling deep inside a cave awoken. Bloodshot red eyes flared open as it began to make its move towards the sound.

****

READ BELOW

Mass release day! The remaining 3 chapters owed will be released sometime later today.

Want another mass release? Then remember to vote using your stones below. The stone goals are in the author’s note below.

For more MVS artwork follow: jksmanga