Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The others were standing just a few feet away from the vehicle. Quinn, Hikel and Edvard had tried to access their communication devices, but just like Jessica's, it seemed their access to it was disabled, the only one that was working was the one that belonged Galanar. 

Seeing this, Galanar played the message out again, and everyone stood thier listening to it very clearly. 

"What is happening, I don't understand, why is this all happening to me?" Jessica said as she placed both hands by the side of her head. It was as if her nightmares were coming true. 

She always feared, if they found out what she was, if her contact had come out, revealing her yellow glowing eye, that she would become a target and she had become one.

"Don't be crazy!" Galanar said. "You saved me, I know you aren't behind this. They must have something wrong."Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

"Or more likely someone has planted evidence to be used against you." Hikel added. "If they were able to get a whole squad under their control, then we really don't know the size or the people that are involved. 

"It would be quite easy for them to point the blame at Jessica." 

"Still!" Galanar swung his arm. "Then we shouldn't we head back. I know who the real person is behind all of this, and I can explain that Jessica saved us, telling them the truth we can get out of this." 

Edvard stood in front of the passionate Galanar. 

"Do you really think it will be that easy?" Edvard asked. "Think about it, you only saw who attacked you. Right now, they are just saying Jesscia is the main suspect in the other two cases. It won't clear Jessica's name at all." 

The group had decided the best thing to do was get out of the area and not use the vehicle they had come in. Most likely there was some sort of tracker inside. So instead they decided to run across the fields. They did so for a while, when they were a few miles out they came across another wooded and forested area. 

After finding some fallen trees and an area that was somewhat blocked from view of the outside, they took a rest to try and figure all of this out.

"What do I do?" Jessica thought, her mind was still full. "Why, is this happening to me, it all started with those stupid letters." 

"Jessica!" Bake called out. "Don't worry, I told you I was reliabel right. Just leave this to me, I will sort this out." 

"What…you're just a guy who joined the Vampire Corps recently, what do you think you can-" Galanar was about to go on a rant when she grabbed his hand. 

"I think we should just trust them, I don't think they're ordinary vampires. They had Dalki blood, that saved you, and if it weren't for them, I think we might not have even been in this situation. Think about it, do you think you could be as calm as they are in this situation?"

It was true, new recruits would never be able to handle all of this, even Galanar was struggling with it all, but when they spoke it was as if they were giving the orders and leading everything. 

The three went off to talk away from the ears of the other two. There was always a line of communication that was open with Edvard and the vampires back at the settlement. They would communicate using telepathy, and then pass on their message. 

They were using this right now to check on two things, one if everything was okay in the settlement so far, which seemed to be the case, and the second, was to get in contact with Andy. 

A link had been set up using the ability to allow messages to pass through a vampire between Quinn and Andy right now.

"Andy, I'm not sure you know, but have you seen everything that is going on with Jessica at the moment?" Quinn asked. 

"Yes I have, I have been getting the reports. I don't believe it. I told Jessica to contact me if she had any trouble. If it was my guess, I think someone is trying to set her up." Andy replied. 

This saved a lot of explanation on Quinn's end. 

"That's right, I have been watching Jessica's every move for the last few days. Without a doubt, she wasn't behind those killings, and it appears someone is after her life. Would you be able to call off the hunt squad that's after her." 

There was a slight pause before Andy answered. 

"I can, but we need to think about this, is this really what we need to do?" Andy asked. "If I call it off, they will know that she has connections to me or someone is looking out for her. I don't know how deep this goes, or how many are involved in this.

"Right now, we know she's innocent. What I can do, is keep the Vampire Corps busy, and try to put Jessica's involvement on a lower priority, that way you don't have to worry about the others. Maybe you can use this situation to your advantage. 

"There might still be Vampire Corps members after you, but you can deal with that right? You're strong enough to protect her. If you can do that until I've solved the issues from within on my side, then I think that will be for the best."

The talk had ended there and it gave a lot for Quinn to think about. That's when an idea popped into his head, he wasn't so sure if it would work, and to pull this off he would need someone else's help as well. 

On top of it all, he would need Jessica to agree to it, and in doing so there was only one thing they could do. 

Quinn started to walk back to the other two. 

"The Vampire Corps are still after you, so we need to head to somewhere safe at the moment." 

"Somewhere safe… but the Vampire Corps have a base in every city." Jessica said. "That means anywhere we stay there'll be a problem." 

"Don't worry about that. I'm going to ask someone that can help us and keep us safe, Logan Green." 

The name that came out of Bake's mouth, both Galanar and Jessica were left with their mouths wide open. Why would Logan Green agree to harbour potential criminals, none of it made any sense to her.

"I know your confused right now." Quinn said. "But there is a reason for all of this happening, and there is a reason why we are here as well. I don't want you to be confused, and I think if you knew the truth of the situation a bit more, it would be safer for you. 

"The three of us, know about you Jessica, we know the real you, but we don't know why they are after you, or what they want with you, we just know that someone is after you. That's why, the three of us were sent by Quinn." 

It was a name that Jessica heard often, people spoke about Quinn all the time, at the Vampire Corps and beyond, but no one knew the truth. How she had travelled with Quinn before, how close the two of them felt and how much she missed him. 

Even now, when she was in trouble, it looked like he was looking out for her. She couldn't believe it. 

A large smile appeared on her face. 

"That man… is really incredible." Jessica said. 

"What!!!! Why is the great Quinn involved in all of this!" Galanar almost screamed from the top of his voice. 

——

A little while later, Logan had received updated details, and was aware of the guests that were coming to see him. He was aware of the situation more than most, which was why he had called in someone to help them with all of this. 

In the lab, Logan stood by someone's side. 

"Alright Agent 4, it looks like we need your help." 

******

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below. 

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back