Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2338  Taken away

Jessica felt like her back was up against a wall. People were constantly dying and all for her. Originally, when she had agreed to the plan, the main factor that had convinced her was that no more people would get hurt.

1

Yet here, people were getting hurt right in front of her, so she decided that she needed to act. Both of the daggers were pressed against her neck, while she stood in front of Andy.

"Jessica.." Andy said, still struggling on his knees. The wound that had been delivered was no longer there, but he could feel the strange substance that was in his body.

Luckily, due to what he was, Andy could feel his body fighting against the substance. It would just be a little while, until he would be able to fight at full strength.

'I was caught off guard, but there are still things I can do to help you.' Andy thought. 'If you can just buy some time, until my body will heal.'

Magnus had hesitated in attacking for a second, sweat could almost be seen from his forehead, but not because he was tired from the battle, but due to him being a little nervous at what Jessica was doing.

Shaking his head a smile appeared on his face.

 "You are a young vampire, are you seriously going to give up your life for these people?" Magnus asked. "Like you said, I have no plans to kill you, so why would you even think about such a dangerous act?"

Having somewhat convinced himself, Magnus looked at his strange centipede-like hand, it started to wriggle about with all of the different segments vibrating and making a strange hissing sound.

He was ready to move his hand, when he could smell it in the air, the smell of blood. Jessic had pressed the bladed part of the dagger deeper into her skin and blood was dripping down from the wound.

The centipede-like hand stopped wriggling for a second along with the expression that was on Magnus's face.

"You dumb b*tch!" Magnus shouted. "Have vampires with each new generation become more blind, and stupider, as well as weaker? What do I have to do, what do I have to go through to open your eyes!"

1

There was a big frustration for Magnus, but this always had been. Even during his time, during his reign as king, there were many that didn't agree with him back then. It frustrated him that he was experiencing the same thing now again.

1

He took a deep breath.

"At least, I have gotten what I originally came for, there is no need to push my luck."

He mumbled under his breath.

"Fine." Magnus said. "Come over here, and we shall leave him be."

1

Jessica was also relieved, she looked back over her shoulder at Andy. Happy that someone who was protecting her, at the risk of his own life, was going to live.

"Thank you." Jessica said, and she started to walk, heading over toward Magnus.

'NO!' Andy screamed in his head and punched the ground, it was a heavy hit and shook the floor around him. 'I can feel my body getting better, I just needed more time, but if I go out like this, then I will definitely die!' Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Jessica was half way, walking over slowly, she was making sure that Magnus didn't go ahead and try a fast one. Then when she was around five metres away she stopped.

"Remember your promise… otherwise you won't get what you want. I care about that person a lot." Jessica stated.

"I understand." Magnus quickly extended his arm, and the two fangs on the end split wide like a mouth, they wrapped around her waist, before chucking her into the ship. She still had the dagger up against her neck, but now was inside the ship next to the dead body,

Using his other arm, he did the same to the dead body, before proceeding to chuck it out, then he turned around and started to walk toward the ship. He had his head held up looking at Jessica, his eye brows were furrowed.

When he was only a few feet away from the ship he stopped.

covered his body.

The arm started to strike fast like a whip, cutting through pieces of "You know what, f*ck it. Let's see if you really will go through with your threat!"

Magnus turned around extending his arm out, and it went straight towards the injured Andy. He had recovered somewhat, but not enough to move fast. With his good hand, he grew it large and covered his body.

The arm started to strike fast like a whip, cutting through pieces of the giant arm, just like before it was only a matter of time until the arm was completely removed from its body and Andy would be defenceless.

"Stop… stop! You promised, you promised!" Jessica shouted.

"And you promised to kill yourself, but I don't see that happening at the moment!" Magnus laughed and continued to swing his arm.

1

"This is too much fun!" Magnus shouted.

His arm was swinging again, but then just before it reached the outer of Andy's arm, large blood cannons came shooting out, hitting the arms away. They were knocked back, but powering through Magnus continued his strike, until a large amount of blood dropped down.

The blood started to light up, and a huge explosion went off. Magnus had no choice but to retreat his hands back. The area was covered in smoke, making it hard for him to see. It was clear though, that someone had interfered.

"That power… it belongs to him… he's here!"

The smoke settled and two figures could be seen. It was two originals that Magnus knew well, Edvard and Hikel.

"I think it would be best if you left this person alone." Edvard said. "Unless you think you could beat the three of us, in your bug man form."

3

Magnus was grinding his teeth in anger. In this form, he was quite confident he could take on all three, especially since Andy was practically a dead man already, but there was still a chance, and a risk.

"Why are you here, how did you even find me!" Magnus demanded to know.

This was part of the worry, before Edvard and Hikel set out. Sure there were many that didn't know what the two looked like, but Magnus would certainly recognize them.

"We already told you, this person behind us is very important." Hikel answered. "We had him on our list, and thought that you might go after him."

A convincing lie and a tense situation. Would Magnus fall for the bait or not, it was hard to tell, that was until the marking on his head glowed once more.

"You are right, we got what we came for." Magnus said, as he jumped back and landed in his ship.

"Don't think I won't forget this, the next time we meet, you're all dead!" Magnus shouted through the glass.

The ship went off taking Jessica with them, which was the best result that they could have asked for, now it was just time for the next step.

1

****