Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

An entire night had passed since Quinn had gone through the portal, and now it was the next day. Immediately, everyone got to work doing their own thing trying to find a solution to one of two things.

Either how to get Quinn back, or how to open a portal to the other side. The island that the battle against Magnus had taken place on, as well as where Quinn was last seen, had been taken over by the Green Corporation.

The facility was taken apart and being used for research, while a great mechanical tower was built up, towering high in the sky, reaching the point where the portal was last seen.

Using the information he had, Logan was trying his best to open up the portal, like he had done before. Then there was Agent 4.

He had been given part of Ricahrd Eno's research from Logan to look into another way to open the portal through the magic symbols. They knew they needed great masses of energy, but if that was only the case, then couldn't they gather a bunch of nest crystals or demon tier crystals? There was most likely something more to it.

As for Andy, he wasn't able to help much, but he had decided to take Jessica under his wing. To keep her close to him at all times, she was one part in all of this after all, and it was quite possible that she could be used again.

Then there was Edvard and Hikel, rather than just twiddle their thumbs, they had decided to head back to the vampire settlement. It was where they belonged, and they needed to keep an eye on things.

Because there was a large concern that was looming over everyone's head. Even though Quinn had been gone just for a day, what did that mean?

Did it mean Quinn had failed on the other side, was he still locked in battle right now at this moment, or was it something else? All they knew was that for them nothing had changed, nor had there been any reports of those with markings. Nothing was happening and that was what was worrying them even more.

Rather than taking a teleporter back that was offered by Logan Green, they had decided to slowly fly back to the vampire settlement. Although portals had been outlawed, there were ones for emergency use and since there was no one to really govern Logan himself, and he could create them himself, he used them once in a while.

There was however, a reason as to why they had decided to do this, because they wanted to have more time to think about what to do next.

"Have you made up your mind… Do you really think it's best?" Edvard asked.

"Shouldn't we at least inform his family of what has happened to him?" Hikel replied. "Right now, Peter is pretending to be him, how long can that be kept up, and what should our answer be if it is not the truth?"

"It has only been a day though, and it might not be a reason for us to worry yet." Edvard replied. "And she will try to act, even though we are already doing everything we can."

This was what the two originals had been debating about for a while now, and they needed to make up their mind before they landed at the vampire settlement. After a lot of bickering back and forth it seemed like both of them were at a stand still and they had already ran out of time.

When landing at the vampire settlement, there were two figures that had come to greet them, one of them being Muka and the other was Peter. Seeing him still disguised as Quinn made them feel a bit guilty.

"I guess you're wondering why there is a certain person who is not with us?" Edvard said.

Surpringly Muka shook her head, and stepped forward.

"No, I know exactly where he is, which means he did as he wished. In fact, there is a lot that we need to talk about. I think it is best if you declare a meeting and invite everyone, and I have decided that it's best that we inform the family of the matter as well.

"Invite Layla and make sure her kids are well looked after."

It was clear to both of them that Muka knew full well what was going on. How they had no idea, and judging from the blank expression on Peter's face, he was none the wiser as well.

The meeting had been called at the usual place, the round table in the garden located behind the castles. Muka, Peter and the others arrived first, then the next set of leaders arrived.

It was then that Edvard and Hikel noticed something, those that were coming to the table, members of the other families, they weren't originals.

"Quite a lot has changed while you guys were away." Muka explained. "The interrogation of those that had helped Magnus in the past continued, and we had placed a lot of pressure as well as restrictions on them. I think you should take a look at

"Nearly all of the originals were not happy about these restrictions, therefore they had decided it was best for them to go into Eternal Slumber. At the moment, the only originals that are currently present are the two of you two, Bianca as well as Grenlet.

"Although not all had sided with Magnus, or worked closely with him, the others had decided it was best for them to go into Eternal Slumber as well."

Looking at the situation, Hikel didn't think it was so much of a bad one. All of the originals now, he trusted them all and they were part of the Punisher's Convent. If anything, it made it easier for them, working with those they trusted.

"I see, like you said, a lot has changed." Edvard commented, and that was when Layla walked in.

The first thing she did was scan the room, looking for someone, but the expression on her face didn't change when she hadn't seen that someone and decided to sit down.

The rest followed, giving Layla a respectful bow, she was after all one of the most important members to the vampire settlement.

"I assume you have asked me to attend this meeting because something has happened to Quinn… please can you just answer me this, is he safe?" She asked.

Hikel and Edvard looked at each other, how were they supposed to answer this question. Could they really say he was safe when they didn't even know he was alive, and if he was in another world, would that be the case?

"Quinn… helped us defeat Magnus." Edvard answered. "He managed to save Jessica as well, and we accomplished the task we were meant to do, but shortly after that. He had decided to head into the portal, to the other world."

Hearing this answer, Layla just looked at the table. She didn't know how to feel, was this something she should have expected in the first place, especially when they were putting themselves in danger time and time again.

"Everyone is currently going through their best efforts to look for him." Hikel stated. "We are looking at ways to connect to the other world, a way to head toward him, there have been no results so far but Logan, and everyone is working hard."

They wanted to reassure Layla, but it didn't look like it was working.

"This is why I had called this meeting." Muka said. "The truth is, Quinn had sent me a message beforehand, telling me of his intentions. He said he would go to the world where Immortui is and finish things off once and for all."

VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"To stop the pain and suffering of the vampires and humans, this is what needed to be done. He told me this because he knew the settlement might be affected and wanted me to come up with a plan… and he wanted to pass on a message to you after he had left.

"To say to you, Layla, that he is sorry."

Clenching her fist, a tear had uncontrollably rolled down her cheek and dropped onto the table.

"However, I have also decided to call this meeting for another reason… because there is a way for us to get to Quinn, it's just whether or not we decide to."

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back