Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

There was one person that was working closely on the whole situation, who had been given all the pieces of information even before all of the decisions had been made. That person was Logan, who was desperate to try and figure out a way to open the portal, and had got into contact with none other than Vincent.

No longer a leader of the family, he had gone back to his old ways of being a researcher and tried his best to improve the lives of those in the settlement with his inventions.

In the past, he had felt somewhat guilty for leaving his people, and now this was a way to repay them. Due to his great mind, Logan trusted his advice on a number of things, and that included working on the portal.

At the moment, Vincent was still working away in his lab as he was referring to a lot of information that Logan had sent.

'This other world's power is certainly strange. I wonder, why aren't nest crystals enough to open up a portal like that, but the red heart was?' Vincent thought to himself, while he looked at his own nest crystal that was in his chest.

His body wasn't his own, and the only thing that was keeping him alive was the nest crystal inside him. He had a couple of close calls, but at the end of the day he managed to survive this long.

'I hate to feel that Quinn's involvement, nearly all of it, is directly my fault.' Vincent thought, as he placed a crystal in a special type of holder.

Underneath it, there were the special symbols that Agent 4 would draw, the magic symbols that even the vampires would use for certain things from time to time.

'If he was to lose his life before me, it wouldn't be fair. I have to help get him back some way.'

The runes started to light up and the crystal was reacting. Then, moving to the side, he had a red crystal, a blood crystal, with the same set of symbols underneath. This too had activated and was reacting but the reaction was much stronger. The whole machinery built underneath was moving and the readings were almost twice as much as with the nest crystal.

'This was a different spell from last, it seems that vampire aura is a more useful power source compared to the nest crystals when it comes to these spells. Is it because of the type of magic circles, or is it all magic in general?

'There is still a lot of research to be done in terms of these magic circles. A lot of what we know was left behind by Richard and it helped us for things like moving the settlement and creating the connection between the family leaders and the castles.

'But we have to face the truth, we are dealing with something that we understand a lot less than our opponents.'

While continuing his work, Vincent had gotten an alert, looking up there was a hologram display showing the hallway just outside his lab.

"It appears I have a visitor, let him in." Vincent said.

The doors to his lab opened up, and walking inside was one of the originals, and not just any original but Hikel Talon.

As he entered, Vincent gave him a polite bow, after all the originals were more senior than him. Even if he was chased out as an outcast, it was not due to the one in front of him.

"Please, there is no need to do that anymore." Hikel said. "I'm starting to feel as time goes on and on, the way we did things was completely wrong. Especially since I am coming here, asking you for the favour."

Seeing how this seemed to be a serious matter for Hikel. Two seats appeared up from the ground. There was a lot more influence from Logan's mechanical instruments compared to what used to be in the lab, but it was handy to have.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"Please speak, I can only assume that what you are concerned about is the matter of how to help Quinn in the first place. So I think we should be open to talk." Vincent said.

Hikel looked around the room at the many different devices. At one point and time, he had heard that the tenth family, including Vincent himself, were somewhat ridiculed by the vampires for relying on such equipment in their battles.

Yet, did it really matter at the end of the day? He could only imagine how the noble vampires and past kings would feel about an original asking him for help.

"I have an idea, and I am not sure if you can comply with my request." Hikel said."I'll get straight to the point, I want to go to the other side with the others, which means that I wish for you to find a way for you to make me stronger."

Vincent had somewhat expected this, but it was still a brave request. Even though the other originals knew of the situation, they still didn't request to be on the expedition team, yet here Hikel was asking to, but why?

"I had an idea, and I don't know how possible this is, but you have access to a lot of Richard Eno's information, correct? He was the one that had created the absolute blood control book, the book that would be passed down from king to king.

"I know the book no longer exists, but wouldn't it be possible to create something like that again, and if so, for me to have that type of power?" I think you should take a look at

In Hikel's mind, if he had the absolute blood control combined with his explosive blood it would make him extremely useful in multiple situations. It would also increase his power and versatility.

What Hikel was asking, he didn't feel like it was impossible, if it had been done before, then surely it could be done again.

"I see, well I thought that you perhaps was going to ask me to make some device for you, or to turn you into a half robot vampire or something, but it seems what you have asked is more reasonable than you think.

"You see I have been focusing on a lot of research from Richard Eno. However, I will say this now, because the absolute blood control was made by using all of the originals, they no longer exist."

"We will have to try and substitute their power somehow. At the end of the day, I think what you are requesting is possible… but there is a chance it won't work, and there may be some sort of side effects.

"Of course, I will do my best so that isn't the case, but I do need to make you aware of all of the risks."

There was next to no hesitation as Hikel nodded.

"Let's do it."

——-

The search continued on for the others, for a couple of days, and things still seemed to be unchanging. Worry for Quinn was still growing, but they assumed if Immortui was doing nothing then it had to be good news.

Patiently waiting, or rather impatiently waiting, for everyone was Peter. There was Muka who was there to keep him in check and update him on how the others were doing.

"It looks like the groups have finally made contact with those we are looking for, now it's just to convince them all to come with us."

While saying these words, a large surge of energy could be felt entering the castle. Muka was on high alert immediately, the same as Peter, but that's when they realised they recognised the energy.

As soon as they recognised the energy, two powerful forces were right outside of the door waiting for them.

"What is going on, is this really their energy?" Muka thought.

She started to think back, there were some strange reports of activity on the planet and readings of tremors in certain areas. She had no choice but to ignore them, but could it be possible that it was them? That they were testing this power?

The doors burst wide open, and standing there was both Edvard and Hikel, looking different from the last time they had seen them.

"We have a request." Edvard said.

"We wish to join the team that will be heading to the other side." Hikel said, with a large red pulsating scar going right across his face, standing with Edvard in the dark red armour.

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back