Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2369  Immortui’s anger

———

Travelling through the red mist-covered plane at a great speed with two of his strongest allies was none other than Immortui himself. Those watching from their planets, could tell when the great one, as they referred to him as, was on the move.

This was because they were unable to directly see his body, instead they could just see a darker coloured cloud in the sky, the area it covered was extremely large. So much so that even looking up from their planet at the red space they could see it moving.

Whenever the dark red mist would pass, it would cause the creatures on the planets to go into hiding as well as the people. They feared that there was a reason for his movement and chaos would soon follow.

Looking up, the people could see the red mist continuing to move at a fast speed, but that was until it had suddenly stopped. The red mist was growing larger, darker, with sparks of red lighting, large gusts of wind and even fires started to appear within the mist.

"The portal was closed, I can feel it!" Immortui shouted in anger. The voice echoed in the heads of the two allies that were closest to him. Their whole bodies were also covered in the mist, only showing their glowing red eyes.

"What… but how does somebody know the language of the ancients?" One of them said. "I thought humans had stopped using it long ago." Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"That has to be the case, this time, the power source was already enough. It just needed time to pierce a hole through." Another said. "If the portal has been closed, then the only way is to create a reversing spell."

While the two were in the middle of talking, Immortui's anger just continued to grow, and the mist was spreading wider and wider. It was starting to cover the outside of the planets.

Soon, the flames, wind, and lighting from his mist, started to attack the land below. It was destroying the ground, picking up the strange plant life, and even hurting the lives that were on the planets.

Some of the creatures felt like the surface of the skin was being burnt as their bodies seemed to magically catch on fire. While others were hit with the strange red lighting that took a solid form and pierced right through their hearts.

The two didn't say anything, they knew why he was upset. It wasn't the time spent or the efforts made. Immortui had been trying for a long time and for one who had lived as long as he had, waiting was fine.

The problem was, being so close, when one expected for the plan to work without fail and felt like their time to leave was now and that they were finally going to leave this place, that was where all the frustration and anger came from.

"They're all useless!" Immortui stated. "I should never have relied on the humans or vampires to do anything, the only good they can do is reproduce and lose their lives in order to feed me!"

The angered mist over the universe was continuing to grow, and now was starting to cover and reach over all the planets as well. Meanwhile, it looked like one of the two with Immortui had received some news, as the expression of his eyes had changed.

"I have some information, from those by the portal." The man stated. "I think this is something you might want to hear, and a decision that you will need to make."

For a moment, the lightning, wind, and fire stopped on the planet, but the mist was still covering it, ready to cause destruction at any moment.

"It appears that the vampire celestial, no sorry, the vampire god slayer, Quinn that you were looking for, had entered through the portal."

The mist started to retract back, heading to one place. This news certainly did surprise Immortui.

"He decided to enter the portal, but why would he do such a thing?" Immortui thought. "Wait, but if he's here, then how will I use his power to open a portal to the other side. Did he come here knowing that?"

Immortui thought about it a bit more though. Originally he was angry at Quinn, he thought all of his chances were ruined now that he had entered this place. Maybe in a few 1000 years there would be another opportunity to come up, but right now it was Immortui's only answer.

"Maybe… there will be a way to use his power from the inside. As long as we have him, there will be a way to open up a portal to the other side."

"Does that mean you wish for us to go capture him, the two of us should be enough." The man stated.

"Capture him, we need to do more than that." Immortui said. "We need to break Quinn down. He is not only the answer to us getting out of here, but he will also be a great ally against the Celestials and Ancient Ones.

"If he is here, then there is no one to protect his family, to protect those he cares about. After capturing him, we will break him down bit by bit, until he becomes our loyal dog, that is his only place in this world.

"He has his power because of me in the first place. He needs to learn that he is not one of a kind, and he is only a small fish in a big pond."

Immortui and the others started to laugh. There was still a plan for them to go by.

"Are you able to get his location?" Immortui asked.

Although Immortui could sense a great distance and should have been able to sense someone like Quinn. They were at a world that was contained in an entire universe. At the moment, he had no clue where Quinn was even though he was on the inside.

However, through their army, information could continue to be relayed until the news eventually reached Immortui himself.

"It appears when he entered the portal, there was some type of rejection." The man explained. "His body was slingshotted all over the place, and now he has entered the Narath section."

When delivering the news, the last few words he didn't say with confidence, and judging by the few moments of silence, Immortui wasn't happy about it either.

"That is where the old champions reside." Immortui made some type of spitting sound after mentioning them. "If we were to go there now, and do battle with Quinn, they might try and stir up some trouble.

"Let's see how things will play out, we will keep a close eye on him, and maybe things will be easier for us this way. That young one is quickly going to learn just how dangerous this world can be, and he is going to wish he never entered."

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back