Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

ï»¿

A new quest was what Quinn had somewhat expected from absorbing the Demon king's blood but it wasn't quite what he had expected.Â 

[A new quest has been received]

[Absorb the bloodline of the five great demon races at the demon king level]

[A new demon trait skill will be unlocked]

'Demon trait skill. The only demon skill I have at the moment is to transform myself, but while transformed, I don't keep my consciousness, so I don't even know if I can use the system, or what skills I have as a demon.'ğ’©eew updates ğ’‚t nğ’vel/biğ’(.)com

What had come as a larger surprise was that it wouldn't evolve his blood aura to the next stage, or a stage further than that of the demon general's blood.Â 

'From what I learned from the general before, all of the Demon king's as well as Immortui have the power to control the strange energy in the air. They can use the energy around them and add it to their own, maybe it could be a skill like that.'Â 

While Quinn was in the middle of reading the system screens, Kronker was quick to act. That energy was gathering all around his body and was absorbing directly into the red crystals.Â 

Parts of his body started to enlarge and soon they cracked off, and headed right towards Quinn. There were hundreds of shards around the same size as a football. Throwing them with his arm up, Quinn leapt back slightly.Â 

As the crystals came towards him, he whacked each one of them away. His speed was fast and his power was strong, hitting them all of them a distance into the ground. After getting rid of the first chunks, he could see several more coming towards him.Â 

'These chunks of crystal are being fired faster, larger and with a lot more power than all the other demons. I can see why this one is a tier above in power compared to the rest, but in my case it only helps me out more.'Â 

With the next set of red crystal shards coming towards him, Quinn drew a shadow circle. The crystals went through, and they soon went out another shadow circle, which was aimed directly back at Kronker.

The large shards had hit him from behind aimed at his head, as the crystal hit his own crystal attached to his body, the shards would simply fall to the floor. While he was getting hit by this though, Quinn wasted no time in continuing to act.Â 

Two large blood spears had formed in his hand, and he hurled them both toward Kronker. They flew through the air, spinning and created two large tornadoes of blood.

Matching this, swirls of energy from the air started to surround the bladed parts of Kronker's hand, he slashed right at the spears, trying to slice them in half. There was a struggle in the air, as the two powers were pushing against each other.

The flashes of power that were being used could be seen from space. Watching things, no one knew who had more raw power in terms of energy. However, the champion was noticing something.Â 

'The Demon king's attack will win out.' The champion Calva thought. 'If anything, I would say I would give a slight edge to the intruder's power being slightly stronger, but it's not overwhelming the other.Â 

'As the two attacks hit, energy slowly starts to fade out of the attacks as they hit each other, at least for one of the attacks. Due to the Demon king being able to use the energy from this very world, the energy is practically unlimited, and will continue to grow and smother any of the attacks.'

Just as the champion had predicted, the blood spears were losing power, and the bladed crystallised hands were starting to slice through the spears but it was only a distraction in the first place.Â 

Quinn had appeared directly underneath where Kronker was, and rather than his fists, this time it was his entire leg that was covered in the dark red shadow, going up to his knees looking like black flames surrounded him.Â 

Quinn spun his body on the ground he was on, then bent his knees.Â 

"A kick can produce a lot more power than a punch!"

From underneath the side of his foot slammed into the centre of Kronker once more, and an after image of a giant black rhino had been created from his shadow blood aura.

The power dug in deep and at a singular point it was pushing Kronker into the air. He was unable to fight against it as he felt his body being pushed upward, he was already twenty metres off the ground and in the air.Â 

The crystal on his body still hadn't broken, even though Quinn felt like this was a stronger kick compared to the punch he had delivered.Â I think you should take a look at

'Perhaps the crystals that are closer to the skin of his body are even harder than those on the outside. This fight reminds me of the troubles I had when I went up against the behemoth. Still, it's not over yet.'

Due to the effects of the blood shadow, a second strike struck again, and in the same spot, an incredible amount of energy was pushing the Demon king up higher into the air.

"I can't waste to much time on you, you are not the one I need to defeat." Quinn said, as he advocated the skill of his shoes. A puff of smoke appeared and now, there were three Quinns standing in the same place.Â 

'That puff of smoke, it was the same as when he was hit last time.' Calva noticed. 'Wait, that was an ability of his? So was the Demon king from before fighting some type of clone? No wonder this one was so much stronger, but the clones weren't weak either.'Â 

Seeing how there were now three of them, Calva couldn't imagine how much power there would be in this next attack, but he was unaware that there was more. Quinn's arms, they suddenly changed, and there were now six of them on the one in the centre.Â 

Turning the dial on the mask on his face as well, small sparks could be seen.Â 

'The lighting attribute causes the most internal damage, and with this next attack. I'll try every type of blood fist I have and see what's the most effective.'

Swinging his arms, all of the Quinn's started to throw out blood fists. All they could see was a rain of blood aura, being shot up from the floor, going up towards the sky. There were so many coming out, it looked more like a single stream attack, and they were all constantly hitting Kronker, not allowing him to even drop to the floor.

All of the Skullys, as well as Calva, were just staring up into the sky in disbelief. Was this really a great Demon king that they all feared, how was this even possible.

Anon watching this was biting down on his teeth.Â 

"I can't just do nothing!" Anon said, as he went to rush off.

"Wait, where are you going, what are you doing?" Ekeke and Tuni started to follow Anon. They could see he was heading toward the direction of the camp, where the fighting was taking place.Â 

The only reason why they were still alive was because they were keeping distance away from what was happening. If they went in closer, there was a good chance of just death from the intense energy.

"I have to rescue the champion!" Anon said. "When is there ever going to be an opportunity like this again. Where there is someone who is strong enough to go against the Demon kings!

"Although Quinn is strong, there are four Demon kings left including Immortui, and an entire army of his. If the Demon king dies, they won't just stand back and do nothing. After this fight, I'm sure Quinn will be tired and that's when they will strike.Â 

"Which is why I have to free Calva."

******

******

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.Â 

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.