Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

A long time ago, Quinn and Logan had travelled across space to come across the base of Richard Eno. Even in his death, it seemed like he had left a significant legacy behind, and during his long life, he had gathered a vast amount of information.

Thankfully, that information was all left in the hands of Logan Green, someone whose family had had a close connection with Eno during their time, and it was someone who he believed could make use of the information.

Although Logan had access to all of this information, it was challenging for his mind to process it all. Using technology, he noted things down, recorded events, and created a database where he could access the information whenever he wished.

However, due to the vast amount of knowledge, it wasn't as if he would just know about certain things if someone asked him about them, and that was also why he didn't just spew out information or facts to the others - it was on an access basis only.

Vincent, knowing all of this, decided to ask Logan for a favor, to see if he could send over all the information he had on the Werewolves. Due to everything happening, it was never something that piqued his interest.

Now that he had more free time to do research, one of his great pleasures, his curiosity was taking over.

"Ah!" Vincent exclaimed as he continued to type away and look at the large holographic screen in front of him.

"It looks like there are quite a few texts to do with Werewolves. Here it states the same as what you were taught in school. How the vampires didn't like the fact that Werewolves were killing aimlessly. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

"At the same time, the Werewolves seemed to have a more apex predator mindset. They knew they were stronger than humans, but many times vampires would be compared to them.

"From what I can gather, some vampires would hunt Werewolves as a sign of their strength and it seems the Werewolves would do the same, that would explain why there is so much bad blood between the two." Vincent explained.

"But then what about the war?" Minny asked. "If it was the vampires and the Werewolves were bad, why did there need to be a war where one of them was wiped out?"

Vincent continued to read the articles, his eyes were darting all over the place, and that's when he noticed one of the files had been marked by a star - something that Logan often did when he felt like somethingx might interest him.

Pressing on the star, before the file even opened up, there was a little note.

"From what I can tell, a lot of data that was inputted into here seems to have been corrupted, and it was done so on purpose." Logan's note read. "This was already the case when I received the information, so it has to have been done by Richard, although there is some information that can be extracted which I think you will find extremely interesting."

Opening the file, it was exactly as Logan had said, it was corrupted. Video files were unable to be played, even basic text documents had multiple words and paragraphs scratched out to the point where not even full sentences could be made.

Yet, there were a couple of full sentences that could be read, appearing as bullet-pointed notes.

After reading what he could, Vincent was left scratching his head.

"Now this is a real head scratcher," Vincent commented.

Minny moved over so she could see what Vincent was looking at, but it didn't make any sense to her, at least not anything that would cause the type of reaction he had.

"What's wrong?" She asked.

"At the time of the war, there were a few Alpha wolves," Vincent explained. "Now this is strange in itself, because whenever there was more than one Alpha, the Werewolves would often fight amongst themselves.

"An Alpha wolf is the head of a pack, think of it perhaps like a family leader that the vampires have, but for Werewolves they feel as if there can only be one true leader at a time. I think you should take a look at

"Now technically, if I was the strategist at the time, it would be the best time for a Vampire attack. While the Werewolves are fighting amongst themselves. Perhaps this was the trigger that started it all and the vampires saw a good opportunity.

"However, the case files state differently, they say the war started when an Alpha Werewolf who went by the name Gary Dem, struck hard. The fact that there is more than one Alpha Werewolf name written on here, makes me think maybe they worked together, and that in itself is a scary thought."

The Werewolves had always been a problem for the vampires and that was only with one Alpha, so he couldn't imagine an army with more than one. The war must have been extremely difficult for them.

"Then, is this Gary Dem the bad guy?" Minny asked.

"I wouldn't say for sure," Vincent replied.

"You have to remember, that history is written by the victor. We only get to hear one side of the story, and no one can say otherwise whether it was true or not. Of course the vampires would claim the Werewolves attacked them first. Although, this information is by Richard Eno, and I would say he was one that was more inclined to record the truth.

"Rather than recording something due to a personal bias he had."

Minny just nodded along pretending as if she understood, but the words being used and the situation was getting a little too complicated for her.

"So what's the problem?" Minny asked.

Vincent then zoomed in on some of the text on the screen, highlighting a name. Minny read the name a few times before it clicked for her as well.

"Talen!" Minny shouted. "That's dad's family name...why does it say Tai Talen?"

"Yes, it is, which is what I'm currently scratching my head at," Vincent said. "Me and Richard are Enos, but we share the same blood with Quinn, he is a part of our family otherwise he would have never been able to open that book.

"I had a son and a daughter before I passed on my consciousness into the book. My daughter must have had a daughter who at some point married into the Talen family line."

Vincent didn't voice another thought he had in his mind, but the ancient dragon Ray, was a Talen as well. Vincent wasn't related to him but it was clear that this Talen bloodline had to be somewhat special.

"The thing is, in our bloodline, I was the last vampire, having given up my powers. The last vampire in our bloodline until Quinn got the book and became a vampire. Between my slumber and Quinn, the war with the Werewolves occurred. Which means there were no vampires with our bloodline during this time. Of course, apart from Richard Eno.

"So then why does Tai Talen's name appear, someone from the Talen family, in a document talking about the war between vampires and Werewolves?"

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I reply back.