Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

After hearing the story of these two being related, Russ had quickly figured out that the two of them had a connection. The main issue was if anyone talked to the Hinto that he made, one would quickly realise that it wasn't the real Hinto.

When that happened, it would mean that the champion that was suddenly on their side, might go against them. In this case though, where they were in the middle of fighting and there was no time to ask any questions, it was perfect.

'Now we can see just how strong this champion is.' Russ thought. 'Judging from his first attack, we might have someone who can deal with the werewolves pretty well.

Both Hikel and Chris had decided to go for a different tactic now they knew what was going on. They were doing their best to injure the werewolves in a way that the Chrono could deal with them.

This way, they would also be able to use their energy in saving them. Keeping the high numbers of the strong Chrono would help them out in the long run and it seemed to be working.

The two groups of five that Hikel and Chris had surrounded themselves with had yet to lose a single member. There was almost an uplifting feeling with them by their side, unfortunately it wasn't so much the case for the other groups.

They were slowly losing men one after the other, the amount of Chrono in the pit was already half the number that there were originally, while only around five werewolves had been killed in total, making the numbers even but not the power level.

Two werewolves were in the middle of feasting on the Chrono group they had just killed. Interrupting them, spinning in with his two swords was Hinto. He swung the black flame swords right at both of the werewolves trying to get a kill from the get go.

They were quick to act, lifting up their claws and deflecting the swords. Their strength was greater than that of the last one he had faced, and the single strike wasn't strong enough. At the same time the black flames didn't stick to the claws, only when it made a flesh wound.

Immediately, one of the werewolves pounced from its position. It crushed the ground underneath it as it had used so much force. Hinto had no choice but to use two of his swords to block the attack.

His body was sent skidding across the ground. He wanted to force his way out of the situation, to fling the claws away, but the werewolf's strength was incredible. The flames around the sword started to grow in size, and he was hoping that somehow it would touch the skin of the werewolf.

From the side, the other werewolf had already leapt in the air and was ready for the attack. It had one of its hands held by its side and swung it out wide. Before it reached Hinto, another axe came down, smashing the werewolf's claw into the ground.

Right after that, another axe slammed in its chest. It was in deep, and at that moment the flames ignited for a second, sending an additional force of power as it sent the werewolf flying right back into the wall. The whole pit shook from the force of the crash.

Many of the werewolves had been sent flying by Chris, but they had always recovered, getting back up, ready to fight again, but with this attack, the werewolf wasn't getting back up, at least not so soon.

"I'm sorry for being a bit late Hinto, but I went to get my other axe back." Shinto said, with a large smile on his face.

The werewolf that Shinto was fighting against was distracted by what it had seen. Imparting the flames on his sword once more, he had made it so it blocked the vision between the two, as a type of distraction.

The werewolf went back a bit, and soon through the black flames, two of the swords could be seen swinging down. The werewolf was fast, hitting away each of the strikes one by one, but the swordsmanship from Hinto was top class.

He was getting closer and closer to touching the skin, and eventually small cuts were made on the forearms and shoulders of the werewolf. The fight still looked even between the two, with one attacking and the other blocking. That was until the black flames started to cover the entirety of the werewolf's body.

It was unable to heal from these strange flames, and it could feel pain all over. It was getting weaker, to the point where a clean swing with both of the swords towards the neck had sliced the werewolf's head off, finally killing it.

"I see that your skill's haven't dulled." Shinto said. "You can still produce those flames better than any Chrono that has ever existed and you're skillful with the sword, but as you can see I haven't been sitting doing nothing. I can produce the black flames as well." I think you should take a look at

The black flames lit up on Shinto's two axes but it was only for the moment.

"I can't keep them on like you, but with my strength it has continued to grow leaps and bounds, and I only need a moment to strike with the black flames. I think I can proudly say that I have surpassed you."

Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Being from the red space, where beings constantly fought among each other and proved their strength at every corner, Shinto had wanted to say these words to his brother for a long time.

Seeing him fight just then, he was sure of it, that he could beat his brother in a fight, and he wanted his brother to be proud of him. Besides all of that there were more important things now. With the two of them, they needed to get out of here.

Hinto continued to move forward not saying anything as they went to face the werewolves, Shinto wanted to say more, talk or suggest that they go back through the staircase, but he knew it would be useless, there was no escaping from this place, not unless they were willing to up against the ruler of it all.

As each group fought against the werewolves with all their strength, they were finding it harder to kill any more. Now the werewolves had teamed up, they were higher in numbers, and they were able to make up for each other's weaknesses and openings.

Everyone was left on the defensive, it seemed they also figured out that the black fire was something to be careful of. The only one that was able to still do damage while attacking was Shinto due to his brute strength with each attack.

'That champion has incredible strength, and a good sense of timing and when to attack.' Hikel thought. 'It's a good thing we didn't go up against him, and it looks like Russ has been playing a few tricks.'

Eventually each group had been forced into the centre, and now all three groups along with the remaining Chrono were back to back fighting against the werewolves.

The other Chrono soon recognised the Champion was fighting by their side, but why, out of all times, why had he chosen to fight side by side with them now. They wanted to ask, but were too busy fighting for their lives.

"I don't think I can last much longer, we must still have around five hours till sunrise." One of the Chronos said.

With the situation as it was, Hikel and Chris thought it might be time for them to fight at full strength and get out of here, but that was when another stepped up to the task.

"Everyone get ready to make a run for it, and head to the staircase, if you head up you'll find your way out. I'll deal with this." Shinto lifted both of his axes up in the air, ready to do something he should have done a long time ago.

****

For updates for MVS and future works, please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS, or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I'll reply back.