Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

The second group of Quinn's support team consisted of Sil, Peter and Edvard. The three of them were using Sil's powerful teleportation powers to get through the universe.

Sil was able to move the entirety of the Blade family to another planet, so moving just the three of them around the place was a task he was able to do. Only he would have to be a little careful as he did need to keep his MC cells if there was a fight going on, so they weren't just aimlessly teleporting around the place, they needed to come up with a plan.

The first thing the group did was teleport themselves out of the large area they were in. They had come out on a large mountain, and now the three of them were looking at the place they had just gotten out of.

"What is that, it looks like a giant city of some sort?" Edvard said.

"That is the place where we just were." Sil replied.

Although it was quite clear what they were looking at was a city, where a great civilisation used to live, most of it had been destroyed. There were only remnants of the city left as if there had been some type of war. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Only the centre of the city remained. There was a giant building supported by large pillars made out of a dark coloured material. It looked like something that had been built out of Roman times.

It was incredibly long and wide with the top of it covered, so they had no idea what was inside, but several football pitches could easily be fit in. It made them wonder why this of all places was left standing.

On top of that, on the structure in the centre of it all, there was a tower with an incredibly large bell on top. The tower and the bell itself didn't have a hint of any destruction or natural decay on it at all. Unlike the rest of the city.

"The entire place looks lifeless, yet there were all of those beings with us. It does make me wonder what's going on." Edvard commented.

"We can't worry about them, we need to find Quinn." Peter quickly said, reminding all of them what the true goal was.

"You're right." Edvard said. "I was thinking, aren't you a subclass created by Quinn. If that's the case, shouldn't you two have a connection? I know he might be really far away so you can't feel it, but if we use your and Sil's powers somehow, can't we find him?"

Peter shook his head.

"It's been a long time since we had a connection like that." Peter answered. "When Quinn evolved, the connection went, the two of us separated. It doesn't even feel like we're the same thing anymore."

It was surprising for Edvard to hear that, with how Loyal Peter was, he thought there still would be a connection. If what Peter said was true, then Peter's loyalty actually went a lot deeper than just their blood connection. It was amazing how Quinn was able to gather such good people around him.

"I have a plan." Sil suggested. "I will use a super hearing ability, and sense where the fights are taking place as well as the conversations to see if there is anything going on. All of the places of interest we'll teleport to and see what we can find.

"We'll keep on doing this. It might take a while, but it's better than going blind and we might find information quicker than we think."

Since the other two didn't have a better plan, they decided to go ahead. Sil brought out his book and changed his abilities. As he focused he closed his eyes, and he was listening in to all the conversations on the current planet they were on.

If he didn't hear anything he focused and tried to listen further. It was a hard thing to do even with super hearing, because one had to block out all of the noises that they didn't want to hear.

In some cases it would have been an impossible task but the ability itself allowed him to more so pinpoint on what he wanted to hear. Opening his eyes he seemed to be done.

The book lit up once again, seemingly changing abilities and the others wondered if something had happened. Before they knew it, a clone of Sil had appeared.

"It's a precaution." Sil explained. "The clone will stay here, and he has a telepathy ability as well. If there is trouble he'll report back to me, and with him here it should be easier for us to get back to the others."

With that, Sil changed his abilities once more and teleported away with the others, with a thought left in his mind. There was something he didn't like that he heard, he just hoped the others would be okay without them. I think you should take a look at

———

The attacks from the werewolves were relentless and they didn't even have to attack close range. Some were able to swing their arms and large energy attacks emitted from their hands and went out towards them.

Hikel and Chris were doing their best to deal with these using their powers. At the same time, Shinto had lifted up both of his axes, he was powering them up ready for an attack and that's when he noticed the other two.

'They aren't Chronos, how did they even get in here, and what powers are they using?' Shinto thought.

He was already in the middle of his attack though, and it didn't matter now anyway, he was going against the demons and would be treated as a traitor.

Shinto shifted forward ahead of everyone slightly, he was facing toward the cellar where they had entered from. Both of the axes were swung down towards the ground, and just a moment before they hit the bottom, they lit up with the same black flames that were on Hinto's swords.

The axes crashed on the ground and a wave of black energy was sent out. The wave of energy looked more like a wave of black flames as it went and hit all of the werewolves in the direction of the attack.

It picked them up from their feet, and lifted them in the air. The black flames were burning against the skin and all of them had crashed into the walls.

"Run now!" Shinto shouted.

The Chronos didn't have to be told twice. Shinto turned around, as his attack had only hurt half of the werewolves that were facing one side. The Chronos, as well as Chris and Hikel, ran toward the cellar that they were in before.

They allowed for Shinto and Hinto to try and deal with the werewolves at their back.

The group ran and ran, however before they reached the staircase, the whole ground was rumbling.

The floor shook as such weight had slammed into the floor, and bloodlust had filled the entire pit. Shinto hadn't even turned around but he could feel his blood trying to escape trying to run away.

"The exit, it's been blocked!" One of the Chronos shouted.

Shinto didn't even have to turn around, because he knew exactly who had arrived.

"It's… the demon king."

******

For updates for MVS and future works, please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS, or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I'll reply back.