Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2406  The Werewolf king (Part 1)

The Chrono along with Hikel and Chris were running toward the large underground cellar they had entered from, they were sprinting towards it like their life depended on it. They were all fast beings, so it shouldn't have taken them long to reach the other side, yet something strange had happened which ended up affecting them all.

After taking a few steps, the entire air around them started to move rapidly, it felt as if it was increasing and a tremendous amount of pressure was being put on them all, including that of Chris and Hikel.

The Chrono were finding it incredibly hard to move and their movements had come to a snail's pace. For Chris and Hikel they were able to force themselves through the pressure but something in their bodies was telling them it wasn't a good idea for them to do so, and they were right.

Moments later, a large figure came crashing down right in front of the cellar. Parts of the ground were lifted up from the sheer weight and force of the object that had come crashing down.

Many of them had to turn away, and cover their eyes to avoid getting dust inside.

'What was that?' Hikel thought. 'The pit is incredibly sturdy, even with the attacks from the champion and Chris it didn't shake that much.

'The land and the area all around us including the ground seem to either be made of an incredibly strong material or all of it has been reinforced by something. Either way, to create this big of a mess and that much destruction… what happened?'

The first thing everyone could see through the dust were the glowing red eyes. They were large in size, around the size of a human head, and they were piercing red, breaking through the heavy dust. As it started to settle, they soon could see the large giant figure that was standing there.

"Is that…" Hikel's bottom lip was quivering, because he didn't even have the right words to explain what he was seeing in front of him right now. "Is that a werewolf?"

It almost felt wrong for him to call it that, because in all of his history, all of the time he had lived, he had never come across a werewolf that looked like this, that was even if he could call it that.

Werewolves in the first place were relatively large creatures, with their long limbs if they stood up they would be around 8 feet or so. Although this being couldn't be called gigantic for a werewolf, it was certainly large, at least being 12 feet in height.

It wasn't just tall though as the figure was muscular as well, it had a large upper chest and big thighs. Most of the body looked exactly like that of a werewolf with large clawed hands and feet. It also had large canines that could rip anything to shreds and a snout that stuck outward.

Although there were many similarities to the werewolves there were also quite a few differences. For one the fur on its body, there were two types of fur. Black fur covered the creature from head to toe.

Yet, its muscular forearms, chest, abs and overall structure could still be seen bulging through the fur since it was fine on its body. Around its neck though, the werewolf had more of a mane like that of a lion.

The fur was thick covering its face and neck and went down its back almost like a type of bushy ponytail. On its shoulders, sticking through the fur though, were small hardened spikes, growths from the body of the creature itself. They looked hardened and deadly sharp just like the horns that were both sticking out of the werewolf's head.

It was because of all these features that Hikel found it hard to call it a werewolf but what else could he call it. What he might have been looking at right now, was the very god of werewolves or, maybe some strange mutation of one.

Shinto, had frozen in place as well, the appearance was one that he recognised well because it was the current one he was under, the demon king of the area they were in. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Unzoku… the demon king which devours all." Shinto mumbled.

Although it was only a mumble, the others had heard what Shinto said. They had found the one they were looking for, and right now, they weren't exactly sure if it was something that they should be happy about or not.

"What do we have here." Unzoku said. His voice was extremely low, to the point where it shook even the insides of those around. For some, if they heard his voice it would make them vomit on the spot due to the vibrations and bass from his voice.

"Today was the day where I planned to have a big feast, to devour the strongest that remained. I thought by now that there would only be a final few, yet here I see there are still plenty of you Chrono left." Unzoku spoke.

Not only that, Unzoku could see those that had fallen, and he could see that there were a few he didn't quite recognise as well. Seeing this, he decided to act rather quickly, to see whether or not it was something worth his time.

He hadn't moved, instead the look on his face had changed, his eyes, the whole manner of his was a little more serious compared to before. From above the pit, all of the air that was on the outside started to enter.

The redness that was naturally in the air was getting thicker and thicker, the energy was condensing.

'He can control the energy that's in the air?' Chris was the first to realise this. He had improved his sensitivity to energy and Qi, since it was one of his forte's. He had found out about the energy in the air as soon as they arrived but found no way that he could use it. To see a being controlling it like so, it was scary because the energy that filled the air, it felt like it was endless and filled the whole universe in the area that they were in.

When the red energy entered, it did a great push in the centre, The Chrono found themselves being lifted off their feet and pushed to the very edge. They had attempted to strike back with their weapons to fight back but they were unable to and eventually found themselves against the wall of the pit.

They were being held and pushed back. However, there were a few that had been unaffected by the energy that were standing in the centre, four individuals to be exact. Chirs, Hikel, Shinto and Hinto were able to fight back against the red energy. They had surrounded themselves with power that dispersed the energy around them, slicing through it.

"What is this… there are intruders that have come down here… how is that even possible?" Unzoku said, but his eyes were focused not on the intruders, it was on someone else, because he couldn't quite believe that he was seeing him in the pit.

"Shinto… the champion, have you finally decided to betray us?"

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.