Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

One flick of a finger and the large nail from Unzoku had come flying off. That was all it took to kill Hinto. It was an impressive feat that showed somewhat the strength of the demon king already.

Unlike the clones that Quinn or Sil would make, Russ' creations were different. Both Sil's as well as Quinn's clones needed to only be hit a few times for them to disappear. They weren't like the real thing.

Sil's were closer and better than Quinn's clones, since they would have the same amount of power output and could survive a few hits here and there, but still they weren't a match for the original.

Whereas, Russ's creations were completely different. They were sturdy, they could take several hits and were close to being as good as the real thing. In truth, they were as strong as the imagination that they were pulled from. That was the margin of error.

In some cases, if a person thought of a being as unbeatable, then Russ's version might even be stronger than the original. In this case, it was hard to know if the Hinto that Russ made was stronger or weaker since he had no point of reference.

Either way, Hinto would have been somewhat strong, and Russ doubted any of them there would be able to take out Hinto with a single blow. What was worse though, was not just the demon king, but now it was quite possible that Shinto, the one known as the champion, would be against them.

Shinto still hadn't said anything, he stood there still but unlike before where his gaze was ready to face Unzoku, instead he now was somewhat staring blankly into the middle of nowhere.

'After all this time… after all this time. I finally found Hinto again, and then he's gone just like that?' Shinto thought. 'When I first lost Hinto, honestly It was when I realised how much he meant to me.

'Even though we seemed to always bicker and fight against each other, in the first place, the reason he was being chased was because of me. It was all my fault, I wanted to say sorry. After this was all over, I wanted to apologise but now, how am I meant to apologise.' Shinto thought.

"I already told you." Unzoku said, the red mist energy moved once again, pushing the Chronos on the side further into the wall. They all had cracks as their bodies went an inch deep into the wall.

A wave was sent out toward the now three, but just like before they were able to cut and slice through the energy that was coming towards them.

"Is there any reason for me to lie?" Unzoku said. "I don't care what happens to your family, and in my case, it's better if you do rebel, then I get to have a nice meal, but I am a truthful person. If you were to fight on your own accord then I would accept you, but for you to have been tricked. I wouldn't feel right taking your life for something that isn't even real."

It was a good point to make, Shinto knew it was true, why would Unzoku lie, unless he felt a fear, a fear for his life, but during the whole time he knew this person he had never seen the demon king show fear, not even to his creator Immortui. That was an even more ridiculous thought.

"How!" Shinto shouted. "How do you know about my brother, why would you even know about him, and it better be a good answer. I don't care if you're stronger than me, right now I saw you kill what I believe was my brother with my own eyes, and if I don't get a good answer, I will do everything in my power to take you down."

Hearing these fighting words from the champion, Unzoku couldn't help but chuckle, and for a second he thought about saying it was all made up. Because the thought of going against, and finally eating, the champion was so sweet in his mind. Yet, it was true what he said before.

He felt it was wrong for him to go against someone who was tricked.

"You know very well that Immortui has been keeping a track of the celestial world." Unzoku stated. "I'm sure, although you haven't been part of the plans, that you know what he has planned.

"On top of that you should know that the one that had put out a hit for Hinto was one of the other demon kings who was upset after his little outburst. Anyway, it turns out that Hinto had been working for the celestials, they nabbed him away and he has somewhat been working as a hitman for them."

Now, Chris was starting to understand a bit about what had happened that time they had faced Hinto.

"You see, that's what these celestials do. They just play with the lives of everyone without thinking about others, connections or consequences. They trick us, and force us to do their bidding.

"Sure you might say that we are doing the same thing, for us who have come to your world, but we are only here because they sent us here in the first place. If it wasn't here then it would have just been another place. Eventually they would have found a problem with you as well.

"This is why we are rising up to get rid of the Ancient Ones who rise up and treat all of our lives like nothing. The fact is, it is impossible for Hinto to be here, because our recent information stated that he was already dead!"I think you should take a look at

Shinto's heart started to thump louder, it was so strong it was almost painful. Although he couldn't see it, around his heart small black flames were appearing.

"That's why as soon as I saw Hinto here I knew it had to be a trick. Do you think it's a coincidence that there are invaders that we have never seen before here today. In all of the time we have been here, there has never been anyone but the Chrono! Think about it, do these people even look like inhabitants to you?

"If it was my guess, these guys might have even been sent by the Ancient Ones to get rid of us!"

After finishing his sentence, the werewolves behind Unzoku howled into the air, and that's when Unzoku decided to howl into the air himself. He lifted his face, and even before he started to let out any noise at all, the entire pit started to shake. Even Chris and Hikel had to try and rebalance themselves; the shaking was more intense than they had felt before.

The low bass was affecting them, and it was almost as if they were unable to hear the howl. It was let out from Unzoku's mouth, screaming in an incredibly low pitch. As the sound resounded, the werewolves started to kneel down. Their bodies started to change. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The werewolves were already big for their size but their muscles looked as if they were growing bigger ripping out from part of their skin. Flesh and fur could be seen mixed into each other, their limbs having gotten longer and bigger.

These no longer looked like fantasy creatures from Earth but instead creatures that would have been from hell. Their eyes grew incredibly large covering most of the side of their face, all glowing red.

'The howl, it must have given all the other werewolves a boost.' Hikel thought. 'Just like the boost of an alpha.'

At the same time, Chris thought the demon king was making it clear as well, it was either he could fight with them or against them, and Unzoku was just giving a taste of what they would have to go against.

Shinto had made his decision, bending his legs he leapt up from his position and landed in front of Unzoku, then pivoting his feet he swirled around and now was facing both Chris and Hikel.

"It looks like we have a tough fight on our hands." Chris said.

"I think tough is an understatement." Hikel said, with his hands he ripped off the clothing from his body, and the armour as well, leaving only a pair of trousers on his body. Now it revealed his entire body and the strange dark red patterns could be seen all over, patched in certain areas.

"I think you have the right idea, we have to go all out from the beginning!" Chris also said, as his body started to transform, while doing so, the beast armour he was wearing was expanding on his body as well, rather than breaking a part.

It was specially made beast armour for his type. After all, being who he was, he was able to get certain crystals that would help him out. Chris had finished his transformation and he was in his full werewolf form.

"Now this is interesting, I never thought I would see one ever again." Unzoku said.

****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.