

The Ancient Ones were the celestials that had been around seemingly since the beginning. Every celestial knew them and a lot of the foundations, the core principles they believed in, and how the celestials' society was set up worked around them. 

They had become far too large of a group, for a celestial not to join them. Whether that be one occurring naturally because a world needed one, or a celestial being invited due to them being worshipped.

For beings to create an organisation like so, where they practically controlled the gods, also meant they had to be terrifying themselves. In the past of nearly any organisation, empire, or group, the hardest task was controlling them all as they grew in size. This was the downfall of many great empires that fell.

Yet, the celestials had yet to crumble and that was due to the tight hold the Ancient Ones had on everything. Which was why the celestial known as Xox was panicking. Being given a task by the Ancient Ones and one that seemed incredibly important, it felt like if he messed up he would disappear from the world, and not just enter the reincarnation cycle. 

'If an Ancient One has been keeping an eye on me, he could be watching me right now. And then he's going to think why the heck aren't I doing anything!' Xox was running through the jungle on one of the memerial islands. 

He was so panicked after learning what he had to do, that he had run away from Yongbu who he was with at the time, and had crashed into several trees.

'How do I even start a search? Do I go to the celestial space and try to gather information that way, but none of the other celestials will listen to me, I'm just a useless god to them. I can't give them anything in return.'

Xox didn't have a following from other planets to do his bidding. He didn't have almighty strength to help the others either. Which was why he targeted new celestials in the first place. 

He hoped by giving his advice, he could make way there, and even if he didn't, he didn't care since he just spent time in the celestial space. He enjoyed others coming up to him asking him questions but he knew at the end of the day, if he ever needed their help like he did right now, they would do nothing.

'Crap, have I just realised after living for millions of years I have no friends!' Xox thought in his head, and once again he crashed into a tree. 

His ball shaped body was squashed in the middle as two halves continued beyond the tree before snapping back into place. 

'Okay, let's think about this more clearly. The Ancient Ones can't be all seeing. If they were, then they wouldn't ask me to do this task in the first place. However, the fact that they can just summon me to them whenever they want, means I can't escape from doing this. 

'Sooner or later, they're going to summon me again, asking if any progress has been made.' 

The floating ball god lowered itself until it was no longer levitating off the ground and landed on the floor. Wondering what it had done to get in this situation. 

"Xox, what are you doing here?" Yongbu appeared from behind one of the trees, pushing a giant tree out of the way. 

Xox twisted his body and looked upon Yongbu with the biggest puppy dog eyes he could, even though he had no eyes.

"Please!" Xox shouted. "I need your help… Friend!"

———

Not being able to keep it in anymore, Xox decided to turn to the one person that he could trust, the one person that had kind of been by his side during this time, at least the two of them had faced similar troubles, Yongbu. 

Xox didn't go into all the details, especially the fact that this mission was given to him by the Ancient Ones, but just told him that his task was to look over Quinn to see what he was doing, and if he didn't do it, his life would be on the line.

At first Yongbu didn't want to help, especially since it involved Quinn, that name, and the whole entire Talen family gave him the shivers, but there were two things that forced his hand. 

First, Xox wouldn't stop complaining, and somehow no matter where Yongbu would go and try to run off to, Xox would be there, able to find him. This continued on for a couple of days, with Xox asking for his aid. 

That was when the second thing had come into play that forced him. 

"If you don't tell me, then I'll tell everyone what your condition is!" Xox declared. 

Yongbu, embarrassed by his condition, who had only told one person ever his condition was now using it against him. Never did he think he would be blackmailed into doing such a task.

This was how both Yongbu and Xox ended up on the Mermerial planet. They were in the large palace built on ice, and inside the grand meeting room where around thirty or so Elders would gather to make future decisions. 

They were all sitting around a large rectangle table, while Yongbu and Xox stood at the other end. Xox however, didn't look like his usual self. He was no longer a large floating ball, and instead had taken on the appearance of a fellow Mermerial. 

He was slender, tall, and quite feminine in his looks. His ears were pointed, and fairly large, while he had light blue skin. This was a special skill that Xox had, he could transform his ball shaped body to look however he liked. 

Yongbu did ask why he went around as a ball, to which Xox's answer was that it was his original shape and what he felt most comfortable in. Which confused Yongbu, how could any being find having no hands or limbs to use, comfortable was beyond him, but at least this current form made things easier. 

He didn't have to explain why there was a floating ball by his side which was actually a god.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The elders were all dressed the same, in a white robe with a blue line that would go from the hood to the sides, and nearly all of them looked similar as well, old men with beards that were beyond being capable of fighting. 

"Yongbu!" Elder Setonia, an old man with a white beard and pale skin that looked like a wrinkled finger having been underwater for too long stood up. "You are lucky that we are even listening to you at this moment. Despite you having forced yourself in here. Don't think we haven't forgotten what you have done.

"Just because we no longer have Ceril and Wince, doesn't mean we will freely allow your way back into our political space again."

It was quite clear that this wasn't going to be an easy task for the two.

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below. 

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first,

and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back