Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2431  The Ex Celestial's Son

It didn't take long for Layla to reach the school area, as she jumped large distances clearing the housing of the settlement. Not for a moment did she slow down, and Muka continued to follow from behind.

The vampire knights that were under Muka had been sent out to search the city, to look for Xoxy and update them as soon as they got any information. When reaching the school, Layla's search didn't stop there.

She used her telekinesis ability to raise her own body up so it was as if she was flying in the air, and from the top down she was keeping an eye out for anything that seemed strange and if she could spot the Mermerial.

'You would think a man in white and blue robes would stand out, but I can't see him anywhere.' Layla thought.

Vampires in general liked darker clothing, and very rarely, other than different shades of red, would they stray from this fashion sense. It was why the Mermerial elders with their white robes stood out like a sore thumb.

It was one of the reasons why she was finding it hard to believe such a person could just vanish without a trace.

While looking from above, a message was transferred directly into Layla's mind, coming from Muka.

"I searched the whole school from top to bottom personally, and there's no sign of anyone. I did it in a discreet way so they wouldn't find out, as well as not to panic the students." Muka said. "I can stay in the school if you would like, to make sure that Minny is safe, while you continue your search.'

At this point and time, Layla was happy to have someone reliable and as trusty as Muka, and decided to lower herself onto the rooftop of one of the houses near the school. She needed to think about this whole situation.

'Is he's missing, then I have no doubt that he's up to something, but he hasn't gone after Minny… wait!'

The whole mess on the Mermerial planet, for some reason, Quinn stated that there was a great interest in Galen from the celestials. He never fully explained the details as he said it was nothing for them to worry about, but what if it was?

'Galen… he went out again, exploring… with his shadow powers he might be even harder to find than the elder.' Layla thought.

——

It would be impossible for Layla to find Galen or the Elder they had come to know as Xoxy, because the two of them were still in the little vampire's shadow space. A couple of shots had been fired at each other, and currently Xox felt like his eyeballs were going to pop out of his head.

"How… tell me how you can use celestial energy! Did Quinn make you a dedicated follower!" Xox shouted.

Minny was a dedicated follower so it would make sense for him to mark his son with some powers as well, but Xox could tell that this was different. Celestial energy was slightly different from celestial to celestial and the way it rose from within the child, it felt like it was his own.

At the same time, a celestial, at least one at Xox's level, could tell "Are you going to speak!" Xox shouted, since he was getting no answers, he decided to test it out again, he threw out a palm strike when they were in the presence of another celestial. Right now, it didn't quite feel like that, something felt off.

"Are you going to speak!" Xox shouted, since he was getting no answers, he decided to test it out again, he threw out a palm strike in the air.

A palm of energy went straight out to Galen. The strike was fast, but Galen could easily avoid it, yet he had chosen not to. He didn't quite understand what was going on, but he knew this white energy he could summon fared far better against the white energy that the enemy used.

Covering his own hand in the white energy, he ran forward and punched it, dispersing it in the air and turning the attack into nothing. The reason why he had thrown a strike back rather than just avoid the attack was because of the shadow space.

The more the shadow space was hurt, then eventually when one ran out of MC cells or an attack strong enough was used, it would break. It was just that most took a while to figure this out if they knew nothing about the shadow.

Not wanting this to happen, there was something else he could do, knock out his opponent so they couldn't destroy the space. With both of his hands surrounded by the glowing energy, Galen charged straight ahead.

'This little runt, he's too fast!'

Xox covered his body from head to toe with as much celestial energy that he could. If he couldn't keep up with the vampire then he would just have to protect himself.

A deep punch was delivered right in his gut, and Xox was trying his best to hold it in as his body was bent inwards, but it wasn't just one attack. Galen threw out punch after punch, repeatedly hitting the same area again.

His hands were moving at an incredibly fast speed, and the hits were making it so Xox's feet were unable to reach the floor. With each hit, they were getting stronger, as the energy around his stomach was starting to fade.

A desperate attempt was made and Xox swiped his hand, but he felt nothing but air as he continued to be hit in the same place, while his punches hit nothing.

'Is this it… is this how I'm going to die, to a little brat!' In that moment, Xox had practically given up, he had given up on fighting altogether, as his body hit the floor and all he could see was the black space from above.

Looking at the black sky, a realisation hit him.

"Now… I know what you are, you're an Incomplete Celestial…I'm such an idiot."

——

After worrying about Galen, Layla decided the first place she should check was the room, to see if he had returned. She rushed back, going in through the window rather than climbing up the many stairs in the castle.

"Galen!" She called out, searching anywhere she could including in the wardrobe. "Galen where are you!"

Turning around, when she looked at the window she had entered from, she could see Galen was there. He was completely unhurt, and just had a smile on his face.

"Galen! Where did you go!" Layla shouted, and was about to rush over, until he raised his hand. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

A shadow portal had appeared and falling out of the shadow portal, was an adult sized body that dropped to the ground. The face was swollen, the body looked rough, and there was blood on their clothing as well.

Layla looked at the person's face, and it looked familiar for some reason. Almost like the young elder she had seen today, only the traits of the Mermerial's ears, and the lightish blue skin had changed to look more like that of a vampires.

"Wait a second… is this the Elder! What is… is going on!"

*****

****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too bus, I tend to reply back.