Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2432  Immortui Arrives (Part 1)

Inside the red space, there was a planet that was well known by all of the inhabitants. By sheer size it was the largest but that wasn't the reason why it was most well known among the inhabitants, it was because of its beauty.

It was the most beautiful planet in the red space, and many would travel during their lifetime just to see it. However, it had become a place to avoid, as strong beings would travel to the planet trying to claim it as their own.

It was usual for blood to shed in the red space, but on this planet, it was another story altogether, that was until one of the Champions had decided to stake claim to the planet. The Champion was named Pultra.

She was known as the strongest female in existence, and she had decided to take on the task of protecting the planet. If anyone dared to try and set claim to the planet, she would deal with them.

She proved her strength over and over until everyone knew to avoid the planet all together. However, just like all the other champions, she also fell when Immortui arrived, or at least that's what everyone believed.

No one other than the champion lived on the planet, meaning there was no one to witness their grand battle. They all assumed that Pultra lost just like all the others because the plant was no longer the same as it was before, it now had a new name, the land of the giants.

Just like the planet itself, the land had giant formations, large mountains, cliff edges that stuck out, rivers that felt more like seas. It was a planet of nature that was filled with green meadows.

Now, the planet had a living civilization as there were large buildings, gigantic weapons, paved roads and more. A lot of the natural beauty was still on the planet, but it wasn't the same sight as it was before.

As for the ones that lived on the planet, they were the demon race known as the Yaks. A race of giants with tusk like teeth that stuck upwards. Many of the giant green fields had been turned into large workshops. The Yak's were seen bringing over large pieces of rocks, tools, and were moulding something together, building hundreds of certain objects. The planet was slowly being changed, bit by bit as it was being used for its resources and minerals.

The Yak demon's liked to live in large temple-like structures, and for some reason they had a fondness towards the colour gold.

Wherever they could their buildings would have moulded objects coloured in gold all over them. The Yaks that were in a higher position tended to have more gold decorated over their body, and this was especially true for the demon king.

A golden palace sat on top of a giant waterfall. There looked to be no way to reach the top over then climbing up the cliffside. The place itself was made of pure gold and that included the throne inside.

Sitting down, covered in heavy gold bracelets that went from the wrist all the way up to the forearm, as well as a decorated gold helmet that pointed upward was the demon king known as Bisha. The leader of the Yak demon race, the race of the giants. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

His head was leaning up against his fist, as he looked at the person in front of him.

"Lucem, it is incredibly rare for you to come see me, is there something you need building?" Bisha asked.

Due to the Yak's large size, great power and stamina, they were often called upon when it came to building projects for Immortui and his plans.

"The project is going smoothly on our side. We should have everything he needs ready in time."

Lucem, another demon king, the second right hand man of Immortui along with Tenbris stood there. He was covered from top to bottom in a strange white cloth like clothing. His body looked like a regular human, but the only part of his body that one could see were his eyes.

They were small, narrow, and completely black coloured unlike that of most demon's who's eyes tended to glow red.

Lucem raised his hand, to stop Bisha from speaking.

"That is not the case." Lucem said. "You can continue working on the project but Immortui wished for you to keep an eye on the champion Pultra. He states that if there are any signs of her trying to fight back, then you are free to deal with her, but make sure you demon kings knew the reason for doing so, which made them wonder what had happened so recently that made him change his keep her body, that way we can feed it to Unzoku."

The Champions had been kept captive for a long time now. All the demon kings knew the reason for doing so, which made them wonder what had happened so recently that made him change his mind.

"Is he not planning on attacking the Ancient Ones anymore? It is a shame I was greatly looking forward to facing them. I heard there was one that would be a perfect match for me to take on."

Lucem shook his head once more.

"It is quite the opposite. We are very close to our attack on the celestials, if anything we need to make sure that nothing goes wrong. You see, there has been a recent intruder, one of great strength, one that might even surpass the champions."

"Stronger than the champions?" The air around Bisha started to swirl around aggressively. Just like the natural inhabitants of this world, it was true for the demons and the demon kings, they also had an urge to do battle at any excuse.

"Actually, I would say he is certainly stronger than the champions. Which is why Immortui has decided to deal with him himself. If all goes well, then there is a good chance that he will join our side. If that's the case, then the champions are not needed anymore." Lucem explained, he lifted his head and the cloth around his face lifted as well, as his mouth muscles pushed it up.

It was how one could tell he was smiling despite his face being covered.

"At the moment there are no signs of Pultra acting out." Bisha replied. "Although, it would be next to impossible for her to learn of anything happening on the outside."

Unlike the other planets where the inhabitants still resided on the planets. The reason the current planet was known as the land of the giants was because only the Yaks lived there, and the single champion.

"If Immortui is dealing with the intruder himself, then there shouldn't be anything for us to worry about. It's a shame that I won't be able to face them. It's been a long time since I have been able to do anything. What about you, while your here, would you like to fight?" Bisha asked, the two tusk-like teeth started to grow larger and more upward, while his eyes glowed red.

"I will stay here until Immortui is done with his fight. He should be there about now, let's see how long our intruder lasts." Lucem repleid.

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.