Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

A world covered in black and white. Immortui stood with his power still out, staying in one place. He had seen it for the first time while using his power, an enemy got away from him.Â 

'That power, he certainly is a special one. I wonder how he was still able to use it?' Immortui thought. 'Is he still in this area?'

Immortui started to walk around, scouting the area with his eyes. He looked but could see nothing. There was some movement in the forest, and with a few steps and a leap he eventually landed inside.Â 

The forest had been completely destroyed, the large trunks of the trees now littered the ground, covering the floor space. As Immortui stood on top of it, he looked closer at the sign of movements he could see.

It was a Skully, its arms and legs were twitching. One of the ones that had stayed behind and was being affected by Immortui's power. It was trying to reach for its throat, finding it hard to breathe.Â 

Immortui could tell that the Skully's heart was still beating, but it was slowing down at that moment.Â 

"Why did you fools stay, did you think you could witness a type of spectacle, now you have just made your fate arrive quicker." Immortui said.Â 

All of the movements that were in the forest were from the Skullys that had decided to stay and watch, thinking he was wasting his time, Immortui leapt back to where he last was. He stood on the field, still thinking that if he had teleported, then Quinn would have used that power before, yet he didn't so it had to be something else.Â 

Closing his eyes, Immortui started to focus.Â 

'Let's see, if he was able to use his powers, then the colourless power should still be taking effect. Energy should be taken out from somewhere around here.'Â 

Focusing, still with his eyes closed Immortui started to walk.Â REğ’‚ad updated stğ’ries at n/ğ’/vel/bin(.)com

'When was the last time I've had to try this hard to track a person down?' Immortui smiled to himself, as he continued to follow where his powers were taking the energy away from, and after circling one area for a while he had found it.Â 

'So you're hiding here, yet I can't see you, but the energy is still being lost here. This skill is really interesting, is it like the celestial spaces one can create?' Immortui thought.Â 

He shifted his leg through the ground, as he dragged it back the dirt made a pile behind his foot. He bent inward from his hips, and placed one of his hands right by his side. Swirling from behind, what looked like a wingless dragon had appeared.Â 

It had the same red demonic eyes as what was on his legs. It swirled around his hand until it attached onto it like a type of tattoo, and on his knuckles the red eyes showed.

"What an appropriate name for this attack." Immortui thought, as he readied himself to throw it. "Break the world!"

Ready to throw his fist, a dark portal had appeared in the air, at the very spot he was aiming for, and out of that portal Quinn was there. This time as he came out, he was in his full shadow body. Not an inch of his skin could be seen.Â 

However, Immortui knew immediately that it was Quinn.

'If this attack hits, there's a good chance he won't make it!'

The fist had already been thrown through, while it was mid-movement, Quinn was doing everything in his power to move away from the strike. He shifted his body and twisted to the side allowing the fist to hit the air right next to him.Â 

When the strike hit, the air itself looked as if it was cracking. Several cracks with distorted space, and out from the fist, black energy was pouring out. It looked like millions of snakes were scurrying in the air.Â 

'What was that attack!' Quinn was only looking at the aftermath, the power that was involved, and based on just its looks he had no idea what it would do if that type of attack was to hit his body.Â 

'It's a good thing I used the shadow body, it's somewhat blocking out the colourless effect, so I could still move the same way as before, otherwise that attack would have hit me.'Â 

At the same time, this was now an opportunity for Quinn to strike. The blood, although colourless, could be somewhat moved on the battlefield. Two swords had been created, and were aimed right at Immortui from behind, while Quinn threw out a punch from underneath, mustering all the Qi he could gather.Â 

"Thos swords won't even reach me!" Immortui stated, and he was right. The blood swords crumbled into nothing but ash, they hadn't even made it within a metre of Immortui and as for the fist, it had hit nothing but the air.Â 

"It seems you're slowing down a little." Immrotui said, his hand right on Quinn's face.Â 

With his hand touching the shadow, it started to disappear, revealing Quinn's face from underneath, and the next moment it was slammed right into ground. Immortui didn't let up as he was twisting Quinn's face left and right continuing to push him further into the ground.Â 

With both of his hands, Quinn grabbed onto Immortui's arms, as he did the shadow started to disappear from his hands as well. He then lifted Quinn up in the air by his face.Â 

"I see, you have those powers, the god slayer powers that those Ancient Ones are so afraid of." Immortui chuckled. "How could they be so scared of something like this? Now I know, the time has passed, they need replacing."

Still holding Quinn by his head, he then smashed him into the ground once again, causing large cracks to form on the floor beneath. He lifted his head and repeated it.Â  Quinn's entire body was being toyed with as if he was a child, no it was more as if he was a baby.Â 

The process repeated, again, and again, until the strength in Quinn's arms were fading, he no longer was able to hold onto Immortui's forearms, and they dropped to his side.Â 

"Oh, do you think you're done, do you think you can just stop here?" Immortui asked.Â 

The colourless power, it started to retract from the surrounding area. Colour was coming back to the planet, the Skullys in the distance could now breathe again. Eventually all of the power had disappeared.

"You have to have a reason to want to join my side, so I'm going to make you experience hell."

Immortui was still holding onto Quinn's face and the red energy that was in the air, started to swirl towards his hand that was on top of Quinn. The energy then started to enter through Quinn's mouth, his eyes, his ears, and through the very pores of his skin.

His whole body started to shake, violently, as if he was having a seizure. His mind it felt like he was being stabbed in the head several times, and alarm bells were ringing in his head.Â 

[Danger!]

[Danger!]

[System overload]

[The user is being overloaded]

[Error]

[Error]

[Error]

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.Â 

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.

Â 