Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2451 The Ancient one’s power (Part 1)

Xox had been very careful not to use his celestial energy. Usually it wasn't an energy that one could recognise in the first place, unless there was another celestial. Maybe they could feel something was different but they wouldn't be able to pinpoint where that difference in energy was from, not while there was a large crowd around them.

At the same time, Xox's transformation skills were perfect. It wasn't some type of ability. The cells in his ball shaped body, literally transformed, so it was like that of the being he copied, even down to the smell. When he was a Mermerial no one would be able to tell a difference, even if they were to dissect him apart.

It was also true for his vampire form right now. He had even gone to the length of kidnapping a vampire, so he could copy the kidnapped individual's details. So the vampires wouldn't even bat an eyelid at what he smelled like.

To them he was a vampire inside and out, so then why was the little vampire able to tell that Xox was different?

'That little brat again!' Xox thought. 'I thought he was following me last time. He saw my transformation as I was following his sister and busted me before I did anything, but why can he tell that I'm different now?'

Regardless of how, he had been called out, and that's when it hit him. To the others, he was a regular vampire.

"Hahaha!" Xox laughed out loud. "What a cute child, this is the first time we have met. What have I done that has made you deem me as bad?"

There was a thought in the back of Xox's mind, should he attempt to get out of this situation, but the anger of being put into this situation had already reached a boiling point for Xox.

During the match, he had thoughts just to blast Galen with a burst of energy while he was focused on his battle. If he was to do such a thing he would have to scram to get out of the place, which was why he hadn't but now, if he was going to get caught either way, he might as well go out with a blast.

"You bad, you tried hurting my sister!" Galen shouted.

Minny felt like this was an unusual reaction for Galen. He had never gone around pointing out that people were bad. He had done so a few times, when he saw a few crimes being committed in the market stalls.

He had seen a few people trying to steal from the markets while others weren't looking, but Galen had caught them. Not once had Galen accused someone for no reason.

"Galen, what did he try to do?" Minny asked, appearing by his side.

For Layla, she was wondering as well, why Galen was acting in such a way, then she remembered, remembered the words that Galen had said last time.

"You!" Layla shouted, already jumping off, using the barrier as leverage. She kicked off, bending the barrier completely and entering the battlefield, while pulling out a beast weapon sword.

"I told you, if you ever came back here again, without asking, you wouldn't see another day!" Layla screamed.

After her warning from last time, she thought the matter was dealt with, but fear that her family was being targeted again got all of her emotions riled up.

If the celestials still returned, after being caught, it meant they were after something, and Layla didn't like it at all.

Seeing the situation turn for the worse, Xox decided to go for it.

"Screw it!"

He lifted both hands, and rays of white energy were condensing on the spot. Before anyone could act, a large beam of celestial energy was shot, and it all headed in the direction of one person.

'I'm not a fighter, but I've been a celestial for longer than I can remember, and I have plenty of energy to smother you!' Xox thought.

Seeing this, around Galen's body was an immediate reaction, white energy started to glow. It covered his hands and he was hit, he was being pushed back. Until a hand by his right, a red blooded claw that looked like it came from hell itself, pushed back the energy with him.

"Sister!" Galen said.

Minny had transformed into her full celestial form, the red horns had twirled around her head, and hard encasing covered her entire body.

"What is going on!" Those from the crowd were panicked.

"Why is the Graylash vampire attacking the little boy!"

"Look at Minny though, she can transform!"

"What is that, it's like an armour made of blood aura, does this mean she was holding back during the fight?"

"Do you really think that's important right now, what is going on!"

With both Galen and Minny together,? the two of them were able to withstand Xox's energy well.

"Nothing is going my way, it's time to get out of here." Xox said, but he soon felt a tight grip on the right of his shoulder.

"Hey, you're not going anywhere, do you think you could just attack those kids and get away with it!" Andy was gripping hard onto Xox's shoulder. He then lifted his whole body into the air with one hand, and was ready to slam him into the ground. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

In the middle of his swing down, the body of Xox started to change, it turned into a slippery type of worm and escaped straight out of Andy's hands, forcing him to do nothing but hit the air.

'Did you really think I would have survived so long without having any skills of my own!'

While looking back in his snake like form, he soon ran into multiple black balls. It was too late to avoid them. As he hit them, strange see-through chains were attached to his body and pinned him to the ground.

Immediately, the dark balls started to hit Xox one after the other, and continued to pin him down.

Layla had jumped up in the air, opening her mouth, with flames encasing the entirety of her sword, and she swung it above, cutting the air, and Qi energy unleashed from it.

"Screw all of you!" Xox said, as his form turned back into what he originally was, a ball, but the chains were still on him. A white little marking that looked to be embedded into him, started to glow with great power

It shined bright and pulsated outward. In doing so, it hit Layla, it pushed her back to the ground, before the energy passed through her body. Before it could do the same to Minny and Galen, they both got into their own shadow space, avoiding the strike, while the pulse continued to go outward hitting everything in the settlement.

——

'So the item activated in the end, I guess he ran into trouble after all.' The Ancient One thought. 'I thought this would happen, let's see how they deal with a part of my power.'

****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.