Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2452 The Ancient one’s power (Part 2)

The Ancient Ones were some of the longest known celestials. Some believed that they might have even been the first, but no one knew for sure, but everyone knew their name and who they were regardless. What they were sure about, was that they had created the celestial space along with the celestial system and the order the celestials followed to this day.

Whether there were those that existed before them, wasn't an important matter, just the fact that, they were the ones who ruled currently.

The Ancient Ones could only do this in the first place if they had great power, a way to continue raising their condition, and the ability to stay on top. In many ways some might have even said they were obsessed with their positions.

Others believed that it was their condition that forced them to do such things. The universe had given them a condition that made them take such a position. However, before, the celestials weren't called celestials.

They were named many things by the races and lives they looked over, some calling them gods. Others called them demons, or just, in general, legendary beings. It wasn't until the celestials had formed the society of the gods that they started to name the others celestials and that was because of a particular Ancient Celestial, one who bore the name Celestalon.

Celestalon, was the one who gave the name celestials, an entire race that was above that of the lives they looked after. Many had forgotten what Celestalon's power was, as they did with many of the Ancient Ones.

They liked to keep it that way, many rumours spread between the celestials claiming that they could do all sorts of things, such as snapping one out of existence. Since they had the power to move between worlds, many believed that to be the case.

However, there was one fact that only a few knew. Mundus, the messenger of the Ancient Ones was thinking about this as he sat in his chair observing the situation.

"When everything started, in order to get the celestials in order, Celestalon used his power a lot." Mundus thought. "If order breaks again, or trouble starts to arise, he will be the first one to act. I was a little worried that things might get out of hand and he would throw the Golden space into chaos.

"When was the last time he used them, the Divine Brigade, the dark and light units. I guess, it would have been when Immortui waged his last attack."

Immortui had not only a strong condition, but also a strong unique power. The ability to create new races. It stemmed from a type of magic that he used with his own blood. Infecting other lives, changing their body structures completely, until they became an entire new power itself.

What was amazing about Immortui's power were the creations become their own beings. They had the potential to gain power on the level of God-slayers, as well as the power to surpass some of the strongest celestials.

It also meant that not all of Immortui's creations would have to listen to him, but with his own extreme power, and his links to the world of death, he could be very convincing.

In a way, although Immortui himself was incredibly powerful, his most dangerous aspect was his ability to create an army.

The celestials had great control over individuals, but even if one or two got out of line, they could deal with them. Even if a few grouped up together they could be dealt with, but Immortui's power was truly fearful and when he went against the Ancient Ones, they saw that.

Which was whybthe single Ancient One that could be said to have contributed the most into stopping Immortui's attack, was Celestalon. The Ancient One in charge of a unit called the Divine Brigade.

It was a unit that was capable of taking on Immortui's forces because like Immortui, Celestalon had the power to create Divine Beings, with the power to match God-slayers. Unlike with Immortui, these didn't need a basis of a life, they could be created out of thin air, but they were dangerous because they only were able to do one thing.

Destroy any life that they saw in sight.

——

The Ancient One in question that had given Xox his task was none other than Celestalon. The item he had handed down, had given him a power, a great power. Celestial energy exploded out of the item.

Everyone felt a pulse go through their bodies and were blinded by a great white light. When the light started to fade where Xox was, in the center of the area having escaped, there were now four figures which surrounded him,

The figures were large in size, standing tall around ten feet in height. They surrounded Xox from all sides, blocking anyone from getting to him. Out of the four Divine Beings that stood there, two of them looked similar, while the other two looked different, almost like a pairing.

There were Divines that were covered in light energy, they had radiant golden skin which seemed to be what was emitting the light. Their hair had a shimmer of silver, while their eyes were a piercing bright blue.

The movements of them were strange as they stood there with the spear in their hands like statues.

Then there were the Dark Divine Beings. Although they looked almost identical, in shape and size, their skin was dark as the night sky. Even their hair seemed to absorb the light around them as the colour faded nearby. While their eyes were deep glowing with a darker blue.

"What are those things?" Layla said, as she looked up. Something was throwing her off, making her body shake slightly. She soon understood what it was, it was the fact that they had only one emotion emitting from their body.

"Everyone, get out of here!" Layla screamed at the top of her lungs.

"Agreed." Xox said, his body lighting up in the celestial energy, and before they knew it, he had left the scene, leaving behind members of the Divine Brigade.

When Xox disappeared, he had entered the celestial space, but he soon felt that his body was being pulled somewhere else, and he found himself in front of the Ancient One again.

"The fact that my item has been used, I am going to assume that you have some news to bring me." Celestalon asked. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Xox was prepared for this, as he gulped down.

"As a matter of fact, I think I do." Xox replied. "I believe that Quinn has travelled to the red space in order to face Immortui… and it seems that Immortui has been trying to…? invade the Golden space lately."

The whole room that the two of them were in started to shake violently.

"I see… I guess it's time I make my move."

****

****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.