

As expected, the golden warriors had ended up coming out of the Shadow space. They weren't released by Minny or Galen, instead they had forced their way out. After seeing how much power their attacks contained, it honestly didn't come as much of a huge surprise.

When they came out, not seeing their partners, Layla was expecting some type of reaction from them, but they seemed to not care. Focusing on those below, almost immediately they started to fire golden shots out of the palm of their hands at the others.

"Just keep them busy… I'll do the same again when I can!" Layla shouted.

She jumped back and Galen continued to stay by his mother's side. He had a serious look on his face, determined to stop anything that was going to come her way.

"Don't worry, I block attacks!" Galen proudly declared, thumbing his chest.

"You are a brave boy, huh, I wonder who you take after." Layla replied, as she did her best to recover and continued to watch the others.

The golden beings were still incredibly fast, it was impossible for the others to get a hit on them. Even with Minny and her speed, she struggled, and a couple of times she and Andy tried to corner one. Predicting where it would move, but the area was just too large for them.

After some time though, Layla placed her hand on the ground, and started to summon the black balls from the ground. There were multiple all over the place, and using her telekinesis power she could aim them carefully, spreading them out on the field.

'It's a good thing these guys are quite big, which means...' Just as she had this thought, one of the golden beings had hit one of the balls and a spiritual chain had restricted it.

In that moment, Layla moved all of the other balls to the being. With the spiritual chains, it was unable to move, allowing all of the others to bombard it with attacks. As it was hit, it just burst into golden dust just like the dark beings did.

Now, there was only one left. It was a rinse and repeat, but everyone was confident they could now deal with the situation, and they were right as the last one had eventually been taken care of.

There were no more Divine beings on the field. Layla, Andy, Jessica, and the rest, each one of them were completely exhausted from the fight.

They all slowly moved to the center as they started to gather their energy.

"What just happened, what were those things, and who was that guy pretending to be Sin?" Valnar asked.

"I… I really aren't too sure." Layla replied.

Muka, and Xander were seen coming over. They had been busy trying to control the crowd. Most had gotten away, but unfortunately there were a few vampires that had been caught in the crossfire.

"What I don't understand was their aim." Andy said. "Why did they aim to attack the crowd? Surely they would have targeted us? Why would they just try to kill regular vampires."

No one answered, because no one knew the answer, but Layla was thinking about the situation. The beings that had appeared themselves weren't hard to defeat. They had strong attack power, but with their strength, they could finish them off relatively quickly.

Still, perhaps the ordinary vampires wouldn't be able to deal with them. At least vampires at the leader or a group of vampire knights would have to be used. The main issue though, was when the beings were together.

With the golden ones able to heal the black ones, it made them almost impossible to kill.Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

'Thankfully, Minny and Galen were able to use their shadow powers to trap them.' Layla thought. 'If they weren't present then would we even have been able to take the four of them out?'

That wasn't the only fear, what if there were more than four of them. Only Minny and Galen had the shadow power. It wasn't as if they had Quinn to help them out either.

——

With everything that had occurred, it was hard for the vampires that had visited to take away the positive from the event. In order to calm their nerves a bit, the Graylash vampires as well as the Vampire Corps stayed at the vampire settlement for a while longer.

Andy, and Valnar stated that they should help each other, help them rebuild the arena for future events and continue to enjoy the culture of where they had all originally come from.

In the meantime, around the whole settlement, they would continue to show clips of the event, before the large attack. People were reminded of the fun they had, and many of the clips showed Minny and her skills as well, practically making her a little star.

Of course, it wasn't only her but many also saw the feats of Galen as well, but his face didn't appear too much. As time went on, they did realize that it was an odd occurrence that had happened.

The vampire settlement was extremely safe. There were next to no problems even within, which they couldn't say the same for their groups.

Vampires would often bicker and argue about what the right thing to do was, as situations to do with the humans they lived nearby would appear. A lot of vampires didn't want to admit it, especially those from the Graylash planets, but a life with no humans, away from the others, caused a lot less problems.

It was a tough pill to swallow as they wanted to feel like they were the same, and could live side by side, and now they were seeing another solution to the problem.

After a couple of days had passed, a meeting had been called. They were using the leader's table placed at the back of the main castle in the large grand garden.

Muka and Layla were present representing the vampire settlement, Andy and Jessica for the Vampire Corps, and Valnar and an older vampire named Stripson, apparently another member of the Graylash community that hadn't been there originally for the event.

"Stripson has some news." Valanr declared.

"The original Sin is dead." Stripson announced. "We managed to find the remains of his blood. We have a rough idea of when the person had decided to disguise themselves. Due to the timing, we can only assume that their goal was always the event."

"But why?" Jessica asked. "It wasn't as if anything big was going on at the event, and what did they get out of summoning those things?"

"I believe it was the same individual that tried to infiltrate the event before." Layla announced. "I caught them last time, and they said that they were here to talk to Quinn, but I guess that's a lie."

"Wait, talk to Quinn?" Andy interjected. "The guy, he did seem to ask a lot of questions about Quinn. He was asking what he was doing and where he was."

Layla thought about it. She thought that the case might have something to do with Immortui, but it didn't feel like his style. This was completely different from how he had acted.

Not only that, but why Quinn? It couldn't have actually been the god Yongbu wanting to talk to him. That now seemed like a complete lie, so what were they aiming for, and why was Quinn a big deal?

"I'm worried," Layla said out loud. "Whatever they wanted, they might have gotten it this time, and they left us a taste of what's in store."

"Do you think they wanted to know whether Quinn was away or not so they could launch an attack?" Muka guessed. "If they now know he's not here for certain and unleashed a number of those things, it would spell trouble for us all."

"I'm not too sure about that." Layla was thinking back to the deal Quinn had stated he had made. Would they go back on it? A thought had entered her mind that maybe she should try and contact these gods.

There was a chance that they didn't know what others were doing, and in Quinn's absence, they would come to their aid if it was the case. But if it wasn't, then it would be a risky move that would bring their doom even closer.

"For now, I think that we should all just prepare. I don't know who, I don't know what, but I have a bad feeling about all of this. I think everyone, vampires in every location, should prepare for the worst. That way, we can save as many lives as possible."

'Quinn… how much longer are you going to be… I hope you're safe.'

****

****

For updates for MVS and future works, please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Patreon: jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS, or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.