Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2463 Problem with Quinn (Part 2)

Author note: A new Novel is out! Dark Magus Returns. With the end of My vampire system coming up (in it's last arc), I am able to spend my time working on my next big project and you can read it now on webnovel!

____

Pultra walked over to where Quinn was, just from a glance she wasn't so sure about what he was going through, the only details she knew was that he had also fought against Immortui and had ended up like this.

When walking over though, Peter wouldn't allow her to walk on her own and stayed pretty close to her side.

She smiled at this act, as she felt it was quite cute. It was at least good to know that this person had a group of loyal people around him.

When in front of Quinn, she slowly reached out, and looked to Peter for confirmation that she was able to, then she lifted his eyelids and could see beaming red energy. Letting out a sigh, she let go of his eyelids allowing them to close.

"I'm pretty sure my guess is right, but I can't be for certain." Pultra said, looking back at the others. "When I fought against Immortui and refused to join him, he had smothered me with the red mist energy that is around our world.

"It did something to me, I passed out, and in that moment it felt like I was in a different world. Everything that was happening there felt so real, and to this day I'm still not sure if it was or not."

"Just tell us what is going on with Quinn!" Peter complained.

"For me, I had experienced my past grudges. The thoughts at the back of my mind had come to life. Those that I couldn't save, those that I cared about, those that could never be removed from my mind including my enemies appearing in front of me.

"It felt like each one of them was cursing me, telling me to stay with them. Forcing me to be there. It was a painful experience, a horrible one. I wanted to get rid of them, get rid of all of those that were in front of me, but with each one I touched, even if it was to just hit them away. I experienced what they had felt.

"I experienced the overwhelming emotions, the mental and physical pain that they had all gone through in their final moments. It was torture, but the only way out was to go through everything that they had been through, until there was no longer anyone there."

All of them could see that Pultra was shaken up just from explaining it. A distant memory for her, thousands of years had already passed, yet she could still remember what it felt like.

"I never wanted to experience that again, I never wanted to be put through that again. Which is why I decided to join Immortui."

The others could only imagine what she had been through and it was hard to do so. How could one replicate the feelings of another in their final moments? All the desperate thoughts they had in their head.

"Wait, is that why Immortui was unable to do such a thing against me?" Calva said, as if he had just come to a realisation through her story.

"What do you mean?" Anon asked.

"Well, you said it right? Everyone you cared about, the enemies that you killed, you had to experience all of it. At that point and time, when Immortui attacked, I had never killed anyone, and even my family, I have no memory of them either, or of losing them. They were dead for as long as I can remember. And honestly, I don't think I've ever cared about anyone."

"That can't be true," Tuni interjected. "You're the cruel champion who would beat up any Skully that looked at you the wrong way."

Tuni quickly covered his mouth as he thought he was now going to be on the receiving end of that punishment.

"Those were all just rumours." Calva explained. "I actually consider myself a nice guy. It was just that people kept coming to challenge me all the time, trying to prove they were the best."

"I would beat them and leave them be. At times I would beat them until they were unable to move. Maybe another creature took their life but it wasn't me, and as I said before, I've lost no one I care about because I care about no one."

The last part, the Skullys had heard about. It made sense that the hunting games involving the Skullys had no effect convincing him to join Immortui, because he truly didn't care about their lives.

"If what you say is true, then what about Quinn?" Pultra asked. "Has he killed, or lost a lot of people who he cared about."

The room was dead silent to the point even the breathing of everyone could be heard. All of them were now imagining the horror Quinn had to be going through. How many people had he killed directly from the beginning, how many enemies did he have, and just how many people had he lost on his long journey coming here?

Quinn had to be going through torture now,? that was all they could think of.

Peter tensed his fist and was ready to punch it against the cave wall until Edvard grabbed him and stopped him.

"Put that much power into a punch and you'll take down the whole mountain, they will spot us in a second." Edvard said.

"Right now, Quinn is going through torture! You haven't known him for as long as I have. You're telling me right now, that he is going through everything since he had turned into a vampire, and experiencing the pain of those he killed and lost! And I can't do anything about it to help him?"

"If I stay next to him." Pultra said. "My passive powers may help him get through what he is doing quicker, but it also means he will have to experience more pain quicker. It's up to you guys. What do you think is best?"

Making Quinn go through more pain, so they could see him awake quicker? What type of torture question was this that they had to answer?

Everyone was silent, because they knew that only two people in the room could make the decision. The two that knew him best. Sil went over to Peter.

"Peter… remember, Quinn came here to defeat Immortui, you said it yourself, he's going to kick his arse right?" Sil said. "Then we need him. He was prepared to give up everything, to leave us behind, as well as the rest of his family to help all of us.

"If he had the choice, I know what he would pick in a heartbeat, and you know what he would choose as well."

Both of Peter's hands were shaking with anger, until he had finally made a choice.

"I just can't believe… we came here to help him and he's the one that needs to suffer more, because we still need him… please… we need Quinn." Peter answered.

With that, Pultra stepped by Quinn's side, and placed her hands above his head.

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.