Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2464 Preparing for the end (Part 1)

Author Message: There is a character competition going on at the moment and Quinn is in the quarter finals. Please Vote using your fandom points, on Quinn and help him through to the finals! If we win the whole thing, let's do a mass release, let's go support Quinn and the Cursed faction!

******

Finally, the sun had set and the night sky was now shining out. It had been a long day, but a tense one at that for the group. There was the lingering thought in the back of their heads that they could be found out at any moment and Immortui would be out to get them.

Edvard was even more worried than usual after the incident that had occured with Chris, but he had kept silent about it to the others. There was no need to worry them further over the matter when it was done with, they would deal with it when the time came.

No one could get any sleep anyway as they stayed held up in the cave, it's something they were used to with most of them being beings of the night in the first place.

They were waiting as Pultra stayed standing over Quinn. From the outside it looked as if she did nothing, she just had her hands placed on top of his head. They weren't glowing with a mystic type of power but just gently laid there.

It was one of those situations where they felt like they had to just trust the process with this one.

"So… is there a reason why you guys aren't going to get the next champion?" Ekeke asked, looking at Edvard. Out of all of the people that were present, he looked the most approachable. Everyone else was secluded deep in their own thoughts.

"Ah, I guess because you're, what did they call you again, a Skully, you don't know." Edvard replied. "The situation is difficult in other places. You know, just like how your type were put into those hunting games, well, where the last Champion is based, they have their own problems, right?"

Edvard looked over to Hikel, since he was there first hand, he felt like he might be better at explaining. To which, Hikel came over and sat down on one of the rock chairs that had been created by Sil.

If there was one thing they were thankful for, it was that the cave seemed more like a place they could stay in for a while now.

"He's right, the last Champion, is protected by a demon king called Unzoku." Hikel said. "The local inhabitants, they were sent into this large giant pit, a hole in the ground, and every night when the moon shone, they would send werewolves down to eat them. They would have to fight for their lives each night."

"And the werewolves would eat their bodies making them stronger." Chris added, looking outside the small gap in the cave, with his body facing away from them.

"I thought we had it bad." Tuni said.

"We do have it bad." Anon interrupted. "But we should have expected the situation to be bad everywhere else. If the night sky and moon is out now, it means that they are probably going through that right now… as for our own Skullys, we have no clue what is happening."

Quinn had killed most of the demons on their planet, so perhaps they were safe for now, unless Immortui tried to do something.

"We're not here to help you guys or the people that live in this universe." Hikel said. He thought he had to make this clear distinction to them all. "The safest thing to do is to wait until the sun rises so we don't get involved in that, and meet up with Shinto, the champion, in secret. In the end, we are saving Quinn and getting rid of Immortui, when that's done, it's up to you guys to sort out the rest of your problems."

"Speaking of, are we going to be sending out Russ with Sil?" Edvard asked.

"Me?" Russ pointed to himself. "You actually want me to do something, that's a surprise."

"Well, you were the one that made that fake brother of his, maybe you can explain yourself to him?" Hikel said, raising an eyebrow wondering if it was the best thing for them to do.

"Hey, Sil has the same power as me, I think we already established that." Russ complained.

"Yes, but he might have to go off and fight Immortui at any point and time. He can't be wasting strength." Hikel replied back.

Calva and Pultra who were overhearing the conversation going on so far could hear everything, and it made them wonder, did Sil hold back in the fight against Pultra as well because of this fact.

If that was the case, then this person was certainly capable of holding off Immortui.

"I suppose it would be best if we told you our experience we had when fighting with Immortui." Pultra added. "We can inform you best about all the powers he had used and that you can prepare for, but keep in mind that I don't believe we were able to push him to his very limit. There will be powers that we don't know about."

Sil walked over and created a seat for himself in front of Quinn as he looked at Pultra.

"It would be best to learn what we can from you."

Pultra and Calva went on to describe what they could about their fight with Immortui, they even discussed ideas about how his powers worked since they weren't sure, but felt like it might be a way to counter him.

Most were hanging on to every word that was spoken by Pultra, since mainly she had lasted a lot longer in her fight compared to Calva it turned out, but there were those that weren't interested at all, and Chris was one of them.

He started to break off from the listeners and walked back toward the exit. Edvard, who had been keeping an eye on everything so far noticed, and started to walk towards the entrance.

"What are you thinking about?" Edvard asked.

"That we don't have a lot of time." Chris answered. "Tomorrow morning, Sil will get the last champion. After that, it's our job to defeat the demon kings and give their blood to Quinn."

"Correction." Edvard said. "We only need to get their blood, not defeat them, there's a large difference especially with all of us."

"Still, if we don't defeat them, then they'll all come at us at once right?" Chris replied. "Besides, how can we get their blood without defeating them? If that's something we really need to do, then it means that tonight is the only night where I can get stronger before the big fight." RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

There it was, he knew that Chris had to have been thinking about it this entire time. He couldn't stop looking at the outside. This was what Edvard was worried about, but the thing was… Chris was right.

Edvard let out a big sigh at that moment.

"I can't stop you." Edvard said.

Chris turned and looked at Edvard, surprised by his words.

"What, do you think I always know what's best just because I lived longer than you? Only fools think like that. What if we fight one of the demon kings and none of us are strong enough.

"We lose out, just by an inch of our strength, and if you, having gained power, would have been able to beat them. There are multiple situations and multiple different outcomes. It makes us think all the time, should we do that, if I had done this."

"And trust me, I have thought a lot of times, if I should have done something or not. Maybe right now, it will be one of those times again. I'll think, what would've happened if I stopped him, but then again, I might think, what would've happened if I let him go."

"So that's why it's easier for me to just say, you make the decision, you decide. If you think it's the right thing to do, then go for it, but let me tell you this."

"If you're going to do it, then go all out, and you better come back f*cking strong." Edvard smiled.

Chris smiled back, and there was no answer, as he leapt off the cave, down below heading straight for the Yak demons.

****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.