Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2469 All three Champions

Calva was speechless as he had no clue what was going on. A Chrono had appeared out of nowhere and it wasn't just any Chrono, it was one that was relatively infamous, it was Hinto. A Chrono who had managed to achieve the power of the black flames.

"You!" Shinto lifted up his axe and power was drawing from it. "It was you, you were the one that tricked me!"

To Calva it seemed like the worst outcome had come out of this meeting, and now he had no clue how to handle the situation. His head had turned to Sil for him to do something.

"Russ, are you dealing with this one?" Sil asked.

"Yeah, don't worry, no need to get your hands dirty!" Russ said with a smile.

The axe was swung and the large formation of energy was unleashed. It sliced through the bottom flooring and the ceiling coming right at them. Seeing this, Russ soon activated another power of his, and shadow had risen from the ground stopping the attack right in its tracks.

From the side, Hinto with his sword went straight for an attack using the black flames that Shinto had blocked by drawing his axe just in time. Calva was getting shock after shock, weren't these two brothers, or was this some type of illusion that had been summoned by the annoying man.

There was one thing that was clear, his actions certainly backed up the way he acted, if this was just a glimpse of his strength.

The sword clashes continued as Hinto and Shinto were in battle. From the way things were going it looked like Hinto had the upper hand, not for a moment had the champion taken a swing back and was just blocking the entire time.

"I… I know you're not my brother, my brother is dead, because of people like you!" Swinging his axe, when it hit Hinto's sword it exploded with the black flames in one go spreading out to either side like two giant wings.

It had nearly reached the other Chrono that had been watching by the side. The axe had broken through the sword and sliced right through Hinto, the body fell to the floor, split in half, and lingered there for a moment before it eventually disappeared.

It was hard, even though Shinto knew it wasn't his real brother, it was hard for him to strike it down like that. His eyes were closed for a moment, but soon realised that there was still a bigger threat.

Looking up ahead though, he was frozen in place at what he could see.

"What are you doing… they are not involved in this… this is your doing isn't it?"

Looking at the sight, even Calva was angered.

"What are you doing?" Calva asked.

In the room, Russ had summoned a number of werewolves and not just any werewolves but the Glutton type werewolf that they had seen in the pit. They were lined up by the side, drooling and within arm's reach of the Chrono.

"What am I doing?" Russ asked. "I am trying to show you exactly what it is that you are doing. You say you are saving these people, but you are forcing them into that pit to fight against these creatures, you know it.

"So what's the difference if they die now, or they die in a couple of days? You saying you are not willing to fight, is putting all of these lives, and the next, and the next lot at risk. Your brother died and it's our fault."

"Are you going to blame the death of all of these on me as well? Because that's what you're saying, if that's the case then I might as well be the reason they die."

"You're such an idiot that you don't even realise that your own reasoning makes no sense. We didn't kill your brother, the enemy is as clear as day. The werewolves, the demon king, and Immortui that invaded this world."

"Your brother died in his own way because he was fighting back, he was at least doing something, but you, right now you are also an enemy. Right now, the only people that are stopping these people from leaving, from escaping, is you."

"I'm protecting them!" Shinto shouted.

"Even now you still can't see it. Then why don't you step aside, why don't you let them choose, to head into the pit, or have a chance at escaping. I think you know the truth, there's a reason you have to guard those stairs, even with you there people try to escape, yet you slaughter them down."

"Those people that had decided to fight against you, are far braver than you."

Sil was looking at Russ, and was wondering why he was trying so hard to convince Shinto. Sure it would be good for them to have him on their side, but Russ, who hardly cared about anything and made no effort at all, was making quite a bit of effort right now.

The truth was, the whole situation was frustrating and angering Russ, because a lot of the feelings that Shinto was going through now was how he had felt. How those in the Chained had felt toward their suppressor.

There had always been this big overwhelming fear with Hilston, and for them, it was the same with Immortui.

Shinto gripped onto the handle of his axe, the energy started to gather again, he then swung it, but it was half hearted. The energy was nowhere near the size that it was before nor was it at the same speed.

Pulling out the black sword from its sheath, Russ made a slash against it causing the entire strike to disappear in an instant and with it, the werewolves that were around started to fade until they became nothing.

'He stopped the attack completely and not in the same way as before. These beings that have come to us, they all too certainly have special powers.' Calva thought, and he then looked to Shinto who had fallen to his knees. 'And it seems like the one that I thought would cause us the most trouble, has managed to get through.'

It was time for Calva to make his move, as he walked over and stood there next to Shinto.

"I would be lying if I said I wasn't afraid." Calva said. "But, the outsider is right. It appears they can see things far clearer than us. The people, they don't want a life like this… at the moment, everyone is just running away, living in fear for the next day."

"Me, I've been trapped for years, away from it all, but you have been directly in it, seeing it this whole time, it must have been hard for you." Calva reached out his hand.

Shinto then looked up, his eyes watering.

"If I fight back now… then what about all the people I killed with my own hands?" Shinto said. "The people that were just trying to escape, that were just trying to get away."

"Then fight for them now." Russ said. "And when you do, fight with the intention of winning. The dead are dead, and that wasn't the right time. You were right, if you had acted back then you would have been dead, but with us, and especially me, we can get rid of them."

"So you do plan to actually fight?" Sil said with a smile.

Wiping away his few tears, Shinto took Calva's hand and stood up. He then looked at the rest of the Chrono that were in the room.

"Everyone… I…"

"You don't have to say anything." One of the Chronos shouted out. "Fight… Please fight for us. Please get rid of Immortui and all of the demons!"

"Yes, just go already and fight back! Do it before the next sunset!"

Not saying anything else, Sil went and huddled up next to the rest of the group.

"Our plan must stay a secret for it to work. Your and our lives depend on it." Sil said, teleporting all of them away.

Now, all three of the champions had been gathered, and it was time for them to make their move.

**** FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.