Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2480 The Light Demon Luce

The others were extremely focused on just defeating the demon king in front of them as quickly as possible, but they hadn't noticed the floating object that had come from above. Luce had appeared not too long ago, but enough to witness the strength of many of them.

He started to float down at that moment, heading in between the center of all of them.

'If they continue at this rate, they might really do something to Bisha,' Luce thought.

"You're not weak?" Luce said. "I shall be the judge of that."

Chris turned his head to see who was close to him and could see the figure in complete white. Not only that, but the red mist energy was condensed around him.

'I didn't smell him near me, how did he get here?' Chris thought. A dreaded feeling was overcoming him. Who could suddenly appear and not be afraid in the middle of this situation? Not only that, but on this world so far, Chris had only seen Yaks.

The only other thing that was on the planet, that wasn't a Yak, was a champion, and all of the champions were with them, so who was this?

A white-colored liquid started to swirl around both of Luce's arms, and for a moment, Chris had stopped his attack. He needed to focus on the person who was by his side. When he turned his head to have a look, though, he noticed that another person had already acted.

His two large gauntlet fists swung, hitting Luce and sending him straight to the ground beneath, cracking and breaking it.

"Did he just not see me or something?" Edvard said. "That guy landed right by my side, but he was just focused on you. I guess my luck is working a bit after all."

The hit that Edvard produced was extraordinarily powerful, as a pulsating energy was sent from the back of the armor, through his chest piece, and sent right down to his arms. It gave him a burst of unnatural energy that came out of his fists when slammed.

This was one of the traits of the armor when someone other than Ray was wearing it. It gave the user great power. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"What's going on!" Hikel shouted, stopping his attacks as well. He had heard the sudden loud explosion and looked to the ground where he could see a person still standing.

"He's still okay?" Edvard was surprised because he was more than okay; he was standing as if he hadn't been hit at all. In fact, the glowing energy was still swirling out of his arms.

"Connect," Luce said.

Out from his hands, the energy swirled out and was now moving through the air. It wasn't just one but several of them, and as they went through the air, they were leaving a trail of white behind.

Each ball of energy seemed to be going after different individuals. The first two that attempted to do something about the energy were Hikel and Chris.

Hikel used his blood aura, attacking the white energy and exploding it with his blood, but the ball went right through the smoke, and as it did, the energy covered up whatever blood aura was left in the background.

Instead of attacking it, Hikel then tried to move out of the way, but it was following him everywhere he went. Chris had done the same, swinging his swipes through the air, but when it hit the white ball that was going after him, it had done nothing as well.

The two of them decided to avoid the attack by moving out of the way, but it was following them, and as it did, the trail was staying permanently in the air.

"We can't get rid of this thing!" Chris shouted.

As he was jumping from Qi platform to Qi platform, Chris soon found that there was a white line of energy in the air that was permanently in front of him. If he didn't do something, he would crash right through it.

Lifting his hand and gathering all of his power, he swiped through the white energy, but the second his claw touched it, Chris felt like he was frozen. Immediately, the white orb that had been chasing him, as well as the rest of the stream of white that had been made, went at the speed of light and attacked him from all sides, hitting his body constantly, pounding it several times again and again. The pain was great and internal.

"ARGHHH!" Chris screamed at the top of his lungs.

The others were still avoiding the white energy, and now, seeing what had happened to him, they knew it wasn't going to be a good sign for them to touch it. That was all but one.

After seeing what happened, one had made the swift decision. Pulling out the black sword, Russ swiped right through the energy. In the same way as when Chris had touched just a part of it, the whole attack had hit him. When Russ had touched just a part of it with his sword, the whole attack had disappeared, and it wasn't just the ones that were following him; it made all of the others disappear as well.

Chris had been freed from his attack, and he quickly created Qi platforms to kick off and escape from the area. The whole group had landed back on one of the other large ships that hadn't tilted. When they had regrouped, they could see that the Yak was getting back up.

He was full of cuts on his body and wounds, but none of them looked deep enough. Not only that, but the tusks on his mouth even looked to have grown larger in size compared to before.

"Alright, I think this guy is a bit annoyed about what we did," Edvard said. "And if I have to guess, that other guy in white, I think he might be a demon king as well."

"It's going to be hard for us to fight both of them at the same time," Hikel said.

"Yeah, and that other guy, I don't think I'm a good match up for him," Chris replied.

"Well, what a surprise, because I don't think I'm a good match up with that giant as well," Russ commented. "Let's split and deal with them both."

The group nodded, and jumping off to the side were Russ, Peter, and Hikel. Hikel had decided to go for the man in white because he felt like he was more trouble. He had asked Peter to come along with them because there was a chance they needed one of the two powerhouses.

The moment they jumped off, it was now just Chris and Edvard again, looking at the Yak. With a smoke of anger coming out of its mouth, it had jumped toward the ship it had originally landed on from before.

With its two large arms, it lifted it from the ground, breaking off the dirt from beneath, and now was carrying the giant object that was around fifty times the size of the giant itself, over its head with its arms.

"Don't tell me, he's going to smash that thing on us?" Edvard asked.

At that moment, the Yak demon king swung down the giant ship, aiming right for the two of them.

****

****

For updates for MVS and future works, please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga P.a.t.r.e.o.n jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS, or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.