Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2489 Quinn Vs Sil?

Quinn was running at full speed through the wasteland. It was an open area, and there was nowhere for him to hide. Several large bone-shaped spikes started to come from the sky and were aimed directly at him.

Zigzagging his way through, Quinn avoided them all one by one, allowing them to pierce the ground. He avoided all of them as they came one after the other, but he wasn't planning on just running forever.

Another large bone-like spike came toward him. Timing it right, he turned around and managed to grab one of them. His eyes scanned the area quickly, eventually finding his target off in the distance.

'There you are,' Quinn saw Calva. The bones were being produced out of his back and were shooting up into the air. They then would somehow fall at great speed, all of them aiming perfectly where Quinn was.

He had tried to originally stop it with his red aura, creating a blood shield, or attacking back with his blood swords, but the strange bones were incredibly sharp and infused with energy that would just tear right through the attack.

The second time, he had tried to use his shadow; this had successfully blocked the attack, but just as he used his shadow, Pultra would seemingly appear out of nowhere, delivering a hefty kick to his side.

With the bone spear in his hand, he was ready to hurl it right at Calva, but once again, Pultra had appeared with her leg glowing with power.

'There she is again, does she have some type of invisibility, or is it a teleportation power, maybe she can just move that fast!'

Blood aura gathering in his hand, along with Qi, Quinn blasted the leg away, but at the same time, a large axe came swinging down in front of him, bursting with black flames.

'My shadow, it can't stop the black flames for some reason! This is proving to be a lot more difficult than I thought.'

Using the shadow lock on himself, Quinn disappeared, avoiding all of the hits, and when he came back, he burst with blood aura all around him, flinging it in all different directions, pushing the others out of the way.

The power was strong but not strong enough to injure them, and the spikes falling from above were enough to disrupt him once again.

Quinn decided to retreat, running again as he thought of a way to deal with the situation.

Pultra was watching everything very carefully, trying to evaluate the situation. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

'He is faster and stronger than his friend and has a number of different powers. Of course, we are going all out here, unlike I did before. I was only testing the one called Sil's strength; he still would have beaten me, but I would have put up a good fight.

'Right now, though, I can't see a difference in strength between you and him. You have to show me, show me why you're the one that can beat Immortui!'

Pultra continued to fight with everything she had, including the rest, all in hopes of creating an even bigger monster.

Meanwhile, Quinn himself was trying to figure out what was different.

'It's strange; I know I'm stronger and more skillful than all of them in every single way. If I was to do battle with Calva, I could use shadow portals to redirect his spears and then overpower him with my physical or vampire aura.'

'It's the same for the other two as well. But if I try to use the shadow that way on Calva, the others disrupt me before I can fully utilize my own physical strength, and Calva is strong enough to avoid his own attacks.'

'If I try to use their own attacks against them, both Shinto and Pultra disappear. In my fights when I'm battling them on my own, I'm able to corner them or overwhelm them with my strength, but they're extremely versatile in so many ways.'

With his armour's active effects, he might be able to do something, but if they turned out to be useless against Immortui like they had done, then he needed to figure out another way. The training was proving more useful than he thought.

But as he fought against the three at the same time, he couldn't help but think that this was a bit like if he was to go up against Sil.

---

At the same time, Sil was in a tough battle of his own. He had been switching, using the clones to fire elemental attacks, and himself using his large grand demon tier golden sword to strike at Immortui directly.

When he did this, though, he used his speed ability and would strike at the armour, repeating the process.

'This is going well; I don't think I'm doing any damage, but I am managing to stall him, but if things continue like this, I'll eventually run out of MC cells.'

The reason why Sil said this was that every once in a while, the large wingless dragons or serpents that were on Immortui's back would wrap around his arm, and he would deliver an incredibly large blow, wiping out about ten percent of the clones.

If it was a battle of who had more energy, then Sil wasn't quite sure he could win.

Once again, as the elemental attacks from the clones hit Immortui, his strange skin-like armour on his body started to cover the entirety of himself. Sil charged in at this point, swinging the sword, only this time it had clashed against something hard.

"Did you really think that if you did the same thing again and again, that it would work?" Immortui said.

The red energy had gathered, creating a layer over his armour and his hand, protecting it from the sword. Immortui had managed to block a strike that was to go right across his chest.

"That sword is interesting, but not strong enough!" Immortui went to strike Sil, who used his super speed to block with the sword. It started to light up, but before it could complete, Immortui grabbed it with his fingers and tensed his hand, breaking it on the spot, crushing it to pieces.

Sil, feeling the danger coming on, leapt back. As he did, Immortui swung his arm, and the red energy that had gathered around his hand dissipated into several small balls of energy.

They went out faster than bullets and hit half of the clones, wiping them out on the spot.

'This guy, he has so many tricks and so many different powers. I feel like I'm fighting against Quinn!' Sil thought to himself.

In the moment he retreated and thought about what to do, Immortui had raised his hand, and the colourless ability had been activated. The area around them was turning into a world of black and white.

*****

*****

For updates on MVS and future works, please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Patreon: jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS, or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.