Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2490 Never forget the task

Peter was trapped in a giant white hardened shell, while Russ had been hurt relatively badly, but he managed to use his powers to start to change his body slightly. He was also using a form of healing on himself. His hand pressed against his chest with a soft glow, and he soon stood up next to Hikel.

"So do you have any ideas on how to beat this guy?" Russ asked. There was a new determined look on his face, and he was full of focus after being hit.

"I have to admit that my attacks don't seem to hurt him." Hikel replied. "The best I can do is cause a distraction. So it will be up to you in the end."

"Very well." Russ said, as he looked down at his arm, the god slayer bracelet that had been created for him was still present. He wanted to test out its effects in a situation that wasn't so important, but if they were going to die anyway, then he might as well gamble.

Rising up from behind Russ, was the dark purple shadow, meanwhile his legs had transformed into that of a Penswi and his arms into that of a Dalki. A combination of strengths that would allow him to fight head on.

Hikel was the first to strike, throwing out his blood aura in all directions. Rather than going straight for the target, it went for the egg shaped figure as well as the large items around. When the blood aura hit, his explosions set off.

The large giant items were falling to the ground, being blown to pieces causing debris to go everywhere, but the egg was intact even with all the attacks that landed on it. Rushing through all of the smoke was Russ.

His super fast legs propelled him forward and he threw out with the large fist of the Dalki bashing right into Luce. He had been somewhat distracted by the smoke, unable to make a shield in time.

"Impressive, you are quite fast, I knew you would be the most troublesome!" Luce stated, and he used his white liquid power to form a pole of sorts. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

He spun it around and deflected the next hit that came from Russ, knocking both of his hands off to the side. Luce was extremely skillful with the weapon in his hands, and dashed forward aming to thrust it in Russ' stomach but he managed to move away quickly.

"I have the legs of the fastest person in our universe!" Russ stated, as he jumped up.

Luce swung the pole to the side ready to knock him out of the air, but before he could, Hikel was there, his hand right by his side glowing red.

"Let's see how you fair taking a hit from this close up!" Hikel hit Luce right on the side, and exploded him away. His power wasn't directed in the normal way his explosions would work, blowing up in every direction, but was short and straight making it more powerful and compact, but still injured Hikel's own hand in the process using it in this way.

While skidding across the ground, Hikel soon noticed something wrapped around his waist. It was the strange white material that Luce was able to produce, it wrapped around his arms and more, and lifted him in the air before slamming him onto the ground head first into the rocks.

The pole had changed shape and form. With his other hand free, Luce shot out his ball of power, which homed its way towards Russ. When it was just about to reach him though, the shadow moved in place stopping it.

The white ball looked to be pushing against the shadow, unable to push further forward, but eventually moved, and started to zig zag trying to come from another angle, as it did, Russ would move the shadow, blocking it in place.

"Something that can actually block my attack, you are full of surprises aren't you?" Luce claimed.

Using his legs, Russ rushed out of the area while the white energy continued to follow him. Even though the shadow could block the attack, it would only be a matter of time until he was hit.

"You don't know the half of it." Russ said, with a smile on his face. "There's a reason why people hate fighting against me the most."

Lifting up his hand, the bracelet started to glow, a strange multicoloured energy, almost a rainbow, covered the entire of his palm. Quickly, Russ moved it right to where the white energy was coming towards him. The two made contact, and the white attack was starting to disappear.

It was fading away, and almost looked like it was being dragged in, or absorbed into Russ's hand. Seeing what was happening, Luce quickly stopped the attack.

"It's because, I'm one annoying bastard!" Russ exclaimed, as he held out both of his hands and the same white substance was emitted out from them. Two paths that were leaving a lingering mark in the air, were heading right for Luce.

'It can't be, is this some type of fake!' Luce thought, but he still made two shields out of his power, and blocked both of the hits head on. They looked to have bounced off, and came attacking from above. As they were heading down, two large red blood swipes came right for Luce's legs, they exploded, distracting him further and destroying the ground beneath his feet.

"We… we got him!" Hikel said.

With the ground having been destroyed underneath, he had lost his footing slightly, and the attacks from Russ had landed. The strange substance started to hit him, and wrapped around him, tying him up, keeping him in place.

'We just need a bit more.' Hikel thought, and as if his prayers were answered, he could see the Boneclaw appearing right behind Luce, and Peter was there along with him.

Peter grabbed his arm, pulling it out with all his strength, and then the two head tails wrapped around a single arm.

Luce, using his strength, was able to move, and went to deliver a punch to hit Peter off.

"Not so fast, this guy is with us!" A large turtle shell appeared right in front of Luce, and there was a cat on top of his head producing a fury of flames. The flames went out and started to burn away the white cloth on Luce's arm, but the punch was still delivered forward, crashing right into Genbu's shell.

It started to crack and would soon disappear.

"It will be a while until you can use us again, but you still got the other two, so use them well, and get these people!" Genbu shouted, before he disappeared.

There was no need to tell Peter, he already was swinging down with all of his might. The celestial energy that coated his power, split right through the red mist energy barrier, and the head tail sharpness dug right through the arm.

Peter's fist was so powerful that the energy was sent crashing into the ground, shaking the whole place.

Quickly, Hikel decided to throw out more of his blood using it to explode in several directions, creating smoke.

Appearing by Hikel's side was Russ, and after that, Peter had teleported with the Boneclaw before he started to disappear again.

"You made it… did you get him?" Hikel asked.

"No, he's still alive." Peter replied. "But I got what we needed."

In Peter's hand, was Luce's arm, but more importantly, it was his blood. Peter had a job to do, for Quinn, and he wasn't going to forget about what was needed.

****

*****

For updates on MVS and future works, please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Patreon: jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS, or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.