Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2491 Deep memories

With Peter's personality, they couldn't believe what he had just done. He had managed to cut off Luce's arm, and what was amazing was his reason for doing it. Now, with the arm in their possession, it meant they had one of the demon king's blood.

They knew that Luce was strong, too strong, to the point that one surprise attack surely wasn't going to kill him. And with Peter's personality, nearly every hit he would do was aimed at killing the target.

'I forgot that he had the power of the familiars to help him.' Hikel grabbed the arm and pulled out a flask from underneath his thick trousers. He then started to squeeze the arm, allowing the blood to drip into the flask.

'Was he waiting in that egg the whole time, waiting for the right time to strike so we could get this?'

That was precisely what Peter had done, although it wasn't his idea. Ovinnik, the black cat familiar, was the one who had suggested it to him, stating that he could escape with the help of the Boneclaw whenever he wanted. However, he should wait for the right opportunity; they would attack when they could. It was, though, Peter's aim to get the blood. In his mind, the blood was the most important thing to help Quinn, then they could focus on taking down the others later.

After the flask had been filled up, Hikel placed it back down in his trousers, which the others weren't sure was the safest place, but he hadn't lost it so far, so they let it be.

"Pass me that arm," Russ said. He closed his eyes and started to use the fire ability. The arm was starting to light up and was turning into nothing but ashes fairly quickly.

Detached from the original body, there was only a lingering energy protecting it, and the red mist had disappeared from it as well.

"What should we do now?" Hikel asked. "We can teleport out of here with Russ' power, we have the blood, but if we do that, then there is a good chance that the demon king can inform Immortui and the others."

"Sil is fighting Immortui at the moment," Peter replied. "I don't think Sil is an easy opponent for him; we don't have to worry, and if we've done this much damage to him already, I say we stay and fight, getting rid of another problem for Quinn." Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Russ nodded.

"It seems like the two of us are agreeing more and more lately," Russ smiled, looking at the god-slayer item on his wrist.

It was an amazing ability that had come from Pine, one of the high-spiked Dalki. His ability was one that allowed him to absorb all types of energy and attacks from abilities, and then he could repel that attack back as a pure form of energy.

Now, as a god-slayer item, its ability was quite amazing, especially for Russ. It could do the same but only on the hand the bracelet was worn on. That was how Russ was able to stop the attack from the demon king from before.

However, with the energy absorbed, it could be passed on to the user in the form of MC cells. This was the perfect solution for Russ's MC cell problem when using his ability.

The reason he hadn't used the demon king's ability against him from the start was because he didn't have enough MC cells. It was the same for why he hadn't attempted to summon the memories from the Black Sword like he had done before. If he used everything summoning the Black Swordsman, then what would he use to escape with if he didn't kill his enemy.

"Very good, very good!" Luce was heard saying; he stretched out his detached arm, and from the clean cut, his power started to form. It was molding into shape and had formed an entirely new arm.

It looked like a mannequin's arm was on his body due to how white the colour of it was.

"I was listening in on your conversation just now, and I think you made the wrong decision; you guys should have just run away."

——

Far off in the distance, Sil was battling against Immortui. He had tried his best to stop him using his colourless ability. From all of the battles that he had with the champions, he had heard that this was the ability that finished them off.

Although Immortui could have dominated them with another power, at the end after weakening them, he would use this ability before even getting close to them, which went to show how much he relied on and trusted this power of his.

Now, he had managed to allow Immortui to use it and it was starting to grow in size, but Sil had a smile on his face.

"I recently came across someone with an incredibly strong power," Sil said to himself. "And since you are here in front of me, and have seen what I can do... I have a way to combine abilities, and I know something that works against this."

A lightning bolt had gathered in Sil's hand, a condensed form of power. If he threw this, though, when it touched the colourless area it would just start to fade, but he had another idea, something that he had a feeling would work against this power.

"I heard you fought against Quinn, so you must have experienced him using this power before."

Shadow started to emit from Sil's hand, and it slowly started to move onto the lightning bolt coating it, making the outside of it glow slightly. Right then and there, he threw out the lightning bolt.

It zapped across the area, and when it had entered the colourless zone, the shadow was protecting it from being affected, it was slowing down the effects of the colourless power at least.

It zapped across and pierced right into Immortui's chest, the tip had entered through his skin and started to electrify his whole body. The colourless power was starting to fade slightly.

'I thought the only one I would have to worry about was Quinn, but there was someone from Earth who was this strong as well?'

Immortui grabbed the lightning bolt, pulled it out of his chest, and threw it to the ground. His power would eventually make it disappear anyway.

"That was just a flesh wound, and will only delay the inevitable," Immortui said.

"Yeah, that's what I wanted," Sil replied. "Just to delay you a little, so I could access your mind and bring out something else, someone else that gave you a lot of trouble."

There were things that Sil managed to see in Immortui's mind that he wouldn't be able to summon with Russ's power, even with his own MC cells, but he did find one, a person that he knew could help him in this situation.

Coming out of the ground, in tattered black clothing, and holding a black sword by his side, was the Black Swordsman.

****

****

*****

For updates on MVS and future works, please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS, or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.