Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2496 All to the planet of the Giants!

With the Divine Brigade appearing everywhere, the entire universe felt like it was at war. The demon races were fighting back, clashing all over the place, and it had even interrupted the fight between the demon king Luce and Hikel and his group.

Stretching out his hands, several waves of blood aura were shot out one after the other, causing an explosion as they hit all of the Divine beings in the area.

"Russ now!" Hikel turned his head and shouted through the smoke.

Russ stretched out his hand, absorbing one of the golden shots of energy with his god slayer bracelet. Soon after, he teleported next to Peter, grabbed him, and teleported next to Hikel.

Before they left the area, they took one last look at Luce, who was fighting against the rest of the Divine beings. That was until he did something unexpected. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The demon king Luce placed both of his hands on the ground, and his white power began to spread out.

"Tree of death, spread!" Luce shouted, and from the ground, several of the same white balls of aura that had followed them when fighting him appeared. They hit nearly all of the Divine beings in the area and started to wrap around their bodies. Some of them had been pierced by the attacks, but all of them were now frozen, unable to move.

"Let's get out of here; I don't think continuing to fight him would have been the right thing to do after all," Hikel suggested.

Russ agreed, and they teleported away, returning to the ship they were at earlier. They tried to see if they could locate the other two, but they couldn't find them. Instead, a large dark spear came toward them.

Peter deflected it, hitting it with his tail and then sent an energy blast of Qi toward it, hitting it in the head.

"These guys are everywhere; I truly think they're all over the planet," Hikel said.

"With things the way they are, it's going to be really hard to find them," Russ added. He attempted to strike one of the Divine beings with a lightning strike, but it teleported and fired a golden shot back at him. Using his other hand, he absorbed the golden attack, replenishing the MC points he had spent.

"I agree, the two of them are strong; they will survive this!" Hikel shouted. "Besides, we need to make sure Quinn is safe and give him the blood."

Peter nodded, and with that, Russ teleported away, heading back into the cave. However, when they arrived, they were surprised to find that Quinn wasn't there, and neither were the champions. Now they were truly at a loss for what to do.

"He's not here; did the champions fail to protect him?" Peter said, ready to go back out there, but Hikel stood in his way.

"If they moved him, they most likely had a good reason to, especially with all of this going on," Hikel said.

All three of them looked outside the cave exit and saw the entire chaos unfolding, the battle taking place. The Yaks from the city were visibly fighting against the same beings as they had done. Large explosions were going off, and part of the golden palace had already crumbled and was falling.

"It's quite possible that this could be what we needed," Hikel said. "These things, they aren't on Immortui's side, whatever they are. It would have been impossible to take on all the demon kings without Immortui finding out, but now they have to deal with all of this. We just have to wait for the perfect time."

They continued to watch the battle, wanting to rest for a short while before deciding what was the best course of action. Should they search for Chris, for Quinn, or attempt to get the blood of another demon king?

Hikel was going to suggest to Russ to use some type of power to hide their presence when they saw something else approaching from the sky.

It appeared to be a flock of flying demons, intercepting the Divine brigade while also fighting those that had followed them from behind. One of the flying demons stood out among the others, with its skin glowing with more power compared to the rest.

It looked familiar to some in the group, but it was still too far away for them to completely tell.

It held out its hand, and a large blue vortex rushed out, smashing into the Divine beings. When the vortex disappeared, a large chunk of them were gone.

Now it had come to them, they had seen this great power that had been used before, and it could have only been one.

"That's that demon that came to us before!" Hikel said. "The one that was there in the pit with the other werewolves."

The demon they were talking about was Tenbris, Immortui's second right-hand man. Now both of them were on the same planet.

"What are they doing here? Why would they be here? Do they know about Quinn?" Peter asked, getting a little tense. He was ready to fight them all, to take on all the demon kings, but at the same time, if the Divine beings hadn't gotten involved, and all of these demon kings had started to appear, it truly would have been their loss.

"What is that?" Russ asked, as he noticed something else coming from the other side.

It was small at first due to the distance, but as it got closer, they could tell its sheer size. Russ tried to look out as far as possible.

"It's one of those ships, the same ships that the Yaks were building. It looks like they were capable of flight after all."

"Are there people on it?" Hikel asked.

"People might not be the right word; I can see an old friend of ours. They're quite hairy."

When Hikel could finally see them as well, he understood. On board the large ship at the top, he could see countless werewolves battling against the Divine beings that were coming toward them. At the same time, Unzoku was on board, coming to the land of the giants. Another demon king had arrived on the planet.

The final three were on the planet of the giants. With blood gathered from the Yak king and Luce, they only needed two more blood samples for Quinn. Chris and Edvard had decided to run out of the area they were in and head to where the rest of the Yaks were. At the moment, they had hundreds of Divine beings on their back and needed to find another target. That was until a certain smell entered Chris' nose.

Turning around, Chris caught sight of the large ship heading their way, and he could see who was on it.

"Unzoku... you're mine!"

*****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back