Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2498 Sil's last stand

The strange colourless power had been placed inside of Sil, and he had been caught by one of the serpents that was latched onto his body. Pain was stinging inside him, and his MC cells were running low. If he continued to use Russ' ability the same way he had been doing, then he would have already run out of MC cells. Still, for Sil, a small amount of MC cells would be larger than most.

'I can't beat him,' Sil thought, his face twisting and turning from the pain. 'When I first came to meet Immortui, I had come only with the intention of delaying him as long as possible, but as the fight went on, I saw a chance. I thought I saw a way I could win. If I took down Immortui in Quinn's place, then we wouldn't have to keep relying on him to do it all for us!

'But I see, I know now that I can't complete the task, so I have to do what I originally set out to do. I have to buy as much time as possible.'

With the two bodies touching each other, they suddenly teleported. They moved to another location and now were in the air over another planet. All around them, a fight was continuing on.

A race of demons that looked like human bulls were clashing against the Divine Brigade. Some of the Brigade were in the air, while others were on the ground. Explosions were going off left and right, below and above.

Looking around, Immortui was wondering why he would be teleported to a place like this. Before he could even fully see his surroundings, they moved again to another location.

The whole area was covered in a thick smog, but just like the last, there were countless different energies being fired away and exploding past them. The scenery changed again, and it continued to flash one after the other, again and again, and again.

"What are you doing!" Immortui shouted.

Before he knew it, Sil had teleported them right to the front of one of the portals, where a large number of the Divine Brigade were coming out. As soon as they came out of the portal, they started to attack the two of them.

Out of instinct, Immortui and his serpents had let go to defend himself, batting and throwing away all of the Divine beings that were near him, and in turn, he had dropped Sil.

They were high up in the sky, with a purple-coloured planet below, but before even Sil could do anything, he had been stabbed right through the shoulder with one of the spears. He grabbed onto it, only allowing it to push a few inches deep using his super strength to push it away.

"That hurt!" Sil then continued to fall to the ground and looked at Immortui on the way down. "I did everything I could, I teleported you as far away from Quinn as I could. I know he must have some way to travel in this space, otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to get rid of my clones so fast.

"But with everything going on at the moment, I hope it's a bit harder for him."

Falling down, Sil was going past the intense battle that was going on in the sky. It was giving him confidence in this whole situation, and with a smile, he teleported away from Immortui once again.

Where he had gone, how far he was, he had no idea, but when he looked at where he was, his feet were planted in sand. There was a sea of water in front of him. It looked almost like an island from Earth, but the red mist in the air made it quite obvious that it wasn't.

'I teleported to the location with the least amount of noise, and I ended up on an island of all places,' Sil thought.

He couldn't help but smile because some of his worst memories of his life were on an island, and while he was going through one of the toughest times of his life again, he had ended up in a place like this.

Sil's hand started to glow green, and he placed it on his stomach. He could feel something inside him, it was growing in size, and hopefully he could slow it down using a healing ability.

'I don't know what this is that Immortui put in me, but I have a feeling it's dangerous. I need to... get to Quinn as soon as possible. If I can tell him everything about Immortui, he'll have a better chance at beating him.'

For now, though, Sil just needed to recover a bit before he teleported away again.

With Quinn's extreme display of power, getting rid of the Divine beings that were in front of him, the area was cleared for the moment, but they could all feel that the planet was rumbling.

They knew that fights were going off everywhere.

"Let's head back!" Pultra said. "Right now, we have no clue what is going on; we need to assess the situation, and if we stay out here, I think more and more will just come after us."

Her words were true as more of the Divine Brigade were coming their way from the portals. It was useless to keep fighting these things.

Running off, they headed back the way they came, running through the forests, trying to avoid fights as much as possible. But when they saw Divine beings, Quinn would deal with them relatively quickly as he used his Asura gauntlets along with his blood aura to take them out in a hit or two. Even if Quinn hadn't defeated the gold beings, it still delayed them as they needed time to heal.

It didn't take long for them to find the cave that they had left from. When they scaled up to it and headed inside, Quinn's footsteps slowed down until they had come to a complete halt.

"What are… what are you guys doing here, how are you even here?" Quinn asked.

Immediately, Peter ran up to Quinn, and he gave him a strong punch on the shoulder. "I knew it, I knew you would be alive! These champions didn't kill you after all."

Hikel, Peter, and Russ, all three of them were in the cave, but this was another world, another universe, so how were they here and why were they here?

"Wait, why are you guys here, did you follow me, why would you do that!" Quinn asked, a little angry at their decision.

"Quinn," Hikel interrupted. "Is that really important right now? We came to help you; what is happening is a matter that will involve us as well. We are not to be babysat by you, and we can make our own decisions. We have all lived long lives, so we can do as we wish."

The initial shock had made Quinn react strongly, but he knew Hikel was right. "I'm just happy you're safe after making it here, but I have to ask, is it just you guys that are here, or are there others here as well?"

****

****

For updates on MVS and future works, please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Patreon: jksmanga Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

When news of MVS, MWS, or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.