Chapter 251 The real hero

[Your Family member (Peter, Race: Wight) is getting hungry]

Seeing this message had brought back bad memories for Quinn. No longer did Quinn need to be fed. The only situation where he did was if he had been too injured. Needing a new energy source to power his regenerative abilities.

Quinn no longer got the exp shared message and he started to fear the worst. Him and Fex had been walking around in a circle like area and had covered almost half of the distance while walking around. IT seemed like luck wasn’t on his side and he had chosen the wrong direction.

"Hey man, aren’t we just walking in circles," Fex complained.

"The thing I see, I think it keeps moving," Quinn yelled back lying about the situation.

They were too far in, around one direction. If they were to turn around and head back it would only take longer. But with worry inside him for what was happening, he started to pick up the pace.

****

After the first attack on Peter, the beast stood there slightly confused not following up with a second attack. Using this opportunity, he quickly picked and shifted over and backed away from the creature. It didn’t seem interested in following him, but this time, with the spears that were stuck inside it.

While doing this he chose to head in the opposite direction of Vorden and Layla. They were both using long-range skills, and it wouldn’t be good if the beast got close to them.

When coming from the side of one of the buildings, the two of them had quickly assessed the situation. Seeing a humanoid creature they knew the others were in danger, and when they saw Peter trying to confront the thing, they didn’t have much time to think and needed to act straight away.

"Layla go check up on Logan and see if there’s anything you can do to help," Vorden said. "It looks like Logan is preparing something and right now, he’s the strongest one here."

Vorden still had not gotten the chance to gather much abilities. If he were to gauge himself, he was at one of his weakest moments right now. Cia’s support ability was at level 4 and Layla’s telekinesis ability was at level 2. Using Raten he could power that up to level 6. Unfortunately, there was no way for him to get Peter’s ability due to his cells being different.

HE could go up to Logan and it would be a huge power boost. He wouldn’t know how to use their ability but at least he could combine his amount of MC cells into one. The problem with that was that it required Sil to help.

Without Quinn here, Sil seemed disinterested in the whole event, the only other time he would come out was the situation of the body being in danger. Looking at the creature in front of him, they would die before even finding out they were in danger.

Not only that, But Peter needed Vorden’s help. Based on the last attack, he had only come out alive by the skin of his teeth.

"Vorden, we need to fight together no," Layla replied.

"This time, I’m not trying to be rude, but your attacks would do nothing, and would only get in the way. I’m afraid I’m only a little better than you in this situation. We need Logan." Vorden replied.

Gritting her teeth at hearing that she was weak once again, she ran off to the direction Logan was in.

"Do you need any help?" She asked.

[Energy weapon creation at fifty percent]

"I’m sorry but there isn’t much, you or I can do, we just have to wait a little longer," Logan replied.

Agin, Layla had heard those words. There was nothing she could do and it was true.

While there were two spirit spears inside it. The beast tried to swing its hand mid-air. IT realised that for some reason it’s attack wasn’t as fast as it usually would be. It continued to swing its arm downward.

Then, the spirit blades time had run out. As it swung its hand down it felt and looked faster than all of the over attacks. Now that its speed had returned to normal, It looked up at Peter. Ready to finish him off once again.

It prepared its legs ready to spring into action once again, but just before it was about to set off. Vorden threw another one of the spirit spears landing right in the back of the beast’s legs.

Another spear came out again, this time, the beast got out from his leading downward position and moved to avoid the spear.

"It looks like he’s figured it out," Vorden said. "This is the problem with high-level beasts."

Now the beast was looking in Vorden’s direction.

"No if they get rid of him then I will have no support," Said Peter. " I have to fight." Readying himself he rushed forward.

The beast continued to ignore Peter though, and it seemed like he was going to deal with the biggest annoyance first which was Vorden. As his back was turned something strange happened though.

As it looked down, another spirit spear was stuck in its body. It was sure it was keeping an eye on the other boy. So where did the spear come from?

"Pretty boy, you owe me a date after this one!" Cia shouted. She had come out from the side of the house, and was now standing in the street. She wasn’t confident that the attack would be able to land at the distance she was at so she decided to come closer.

Although she was scared, her mind was screwed on straight. If they wanted to live they would all need to do their part.

Before the beast could choose its target, Peter was already upon him and had thrown a fist against his solid body. The beast was shifted from his position a few inches back.

"Did it not hurt him? How are we meant to kill this thing," Peter said.

As the beast went for the attack. Two spirit spears were thrown from both sides. The beast moved instinctively avoiding the spears now. Although none of the spears hit it would stop the beast from being able to land an attack on Peter.

The two continued to do this. While the whole situation was going on, even with the beast’s large body. The beast was able to avoid all of the spears thrown by the two. It was starting to grow tired though, and without the others realising it. It was inching its way towards one of them.

Storing the power in its legs until it got close enough. It managed to avoid more of the spears, then quickly contracting the roots of one of its legs, it sprung forward to the side.

It didn’t go for, Vorden, or Peter, it went for Cia.

"Damn, why didn’t I think of this," Vorden said and slapped a hand over his face, annoyed at himself. It was a simple rule when fighting. In a situation like this, it would clearly get rid of the weakest and most annoying one first.

Their distractions had only worked well so far thanks to both of them throwing the spears.

Now with it coming straight towards her, the spear she had been throwing finally managed to hit. However, it was useless, one or two spears weren’t going to do much in helping her fight against such a thing.

She didn’t have the crazy amount of experience Vorden did, and the reaction and speed Peter head.

"If I’m going to die, I’m going to curse and look at what kills me right in the face!" Cia shouted.

As it’s bladed claw was about to reach out and stab her in the face they were stopped mid-air in its tracks inches away from her face.

"They say heroes arrive at the last second," Fex said, with his hands twitching holding the strings using all of his strength.

"Lame." Vorden muttered, "Doesn’t he know I already said that?"

At first, she thought that Fex had saved her, but on closer inspection when looking at the blade. A strange purple shadow substance could be seen around it. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

*****

Want more chapters? Then remember to vote using the stones below. The stone goals are in the author’s note.

For MVS artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga