Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2502 A New Chris

The feast on the demon king had been complicated, and power like never before could be felt coursing through every inch of Chris' body. It was an entirely new sensation he had never felt before.

The touch of the wind on his skin, the feeling of being connected with his body reacting and moving as he wished. It was similar to when he had first learned Qi, and it was unlike when he had consumed the others.

This was something new, almost like a new type of evolution. This sensation, though, was short-lived as the attack had started with the Divine Beings' portals opening up. After having a scuffle or two, they had gotten out of the situation rather quickly.

Edvard pulled the two of them out of the area and had dealt with those following them before Chris was able to use his newfound self, and the two of them had quickly headed into the forest.

Even then, Chris, while there, was continuing to look at his hand. He was swiping it through the air slowly, and the wind currents, thick in size, were visibly moving around his hand.

"What is this? I don't quite know what is going on myself," Chris said.

"Me neither, I mean what is all this mess everywhere?" Edvard said. "The good news is that we managed to get a flask full of blood. I'm not sure about the others, not that I'm in a good state to help them."

The armour acted in a strange way. One almost needed to feed it with its own power, whether that be Qi or blood aura, and in turn, it would allow the person to explode with a bigger hit.

The dragon armour was essentially a natural amplifier for one's power. However, with the single hit from the Demon King, from the Yak, even now, even though he was an original, Edvard was feeling a lot of pain in his chest.

'Crap, what did that damn giant do to me? This isn't just like a normal physical blow. Like this, I don't think I'll be able to help anyone,' Edvard thought.

"We have to go," Chris said, his nose twitching in the air slightly. "They're coming!"

Edvard had no clue what Chris was talking about; he couldn't hear anything, nor see anything. A few moments later, though, he could see what looked like around a hundred of the Divine Beings coming their way like a swarm of wasps.

The two quickly ran back, heading toward the ship site. "It seems like these things are attacking us and the demons. Let's head for the golden palace where the rest of the demons are. Let's not waste our energy fighting these guys."

Chris agreed, and the two continued to head towards the city of the Yaks, avoiding all of the beams of energy sent towards them. Chris jumped from one side to the next as he only touched the ground for a moment.

'I wonder if... I could get rid of all these in one go?' Chris thought, looking at his claw.

That was when a new scent entered his nose. Quickly turning around due to the momentum and power in his legs, Chris had continued to skid across the floor. That's when he could see it. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

One of the same giant ships that they had seen the Yaks creating was flying through the air, and based on its course, it was heading for the same location that they were going towards. More importantly, on the ship itself was the one Chris was aiming for.

"Make sure that blood gets to Quinn. I trust you, and I'll get the one we need from him."

Before Edvard could even shout anything, Chris had dug his feet further into the ground and shot through the air, leaving a large trail of what looked like visible smoke behind him, but it was just the wind.

'Was he holding back in his speed for me... a vampire? I knew werewolves were more physically capable than us, and I'm not using the power of the armour at this moment, but I can't even see him off in the distance anymore.'

A large blast of dark energy had exploded by Edvard's side, causing him to jump a little. If he broke his concentration, then he might very well just end up dying to these strange angel-looking creatures.

Chris had already reached the city of the Yaks, where the local houses looked like giant temples themselves with their large red pointed sloping roofs. The houses were large to suit the living of the giant Yaks in them.

While running through the area, he was running through a large battlefield. One of the Yaks had been pierced with a dark spear in his stomach and had been pushed into the air, crashing right into a building.

The Yak was kicking its legs while trying to push off the Divine Beings. But soon, many others had come, piercing their spears right into the Yak's body. The next moment, another Yak had landed, jumping from above, and with a heavy fist, had punched right through three of the Divine Beings, splatting their bodies like bugs.

For Chris, though, he kept his eyes on the prize above; he continued to run forward and could see the large ship near the golden palace. That's when two of the Divine Beings had gotten in his way.

One of them was dark in colour, the other gold. It was a simple jump from Chris, and he stretched out his hands. He didn't swing them; he didn't even feel as if he had put any force through them.

When his claws and fingers had touched both of their faces, though, it had gone right through them. There had been no resistance at all, and yet, the two Divine Beings had been killed like that.

A simple run and the stretch of the arms. Chris was right; he knew something had changed within him.

Getting close, Chris had scaled one of the houses, and then ran across on all fours for a short while, digging his claws. He used the power in his hands to push off and head into the air toward the golden palace.

Using one of the houses as a base to push off from, it had crumbled in the process. Stretching out his hand, he reached the golden palace and climbed right to the very top. Looking out, he was now on the same level as the ship.

"I need to get higher!" Chris leapt off from the very top pillar, and then creating his Qi platforms, he ran across until he had reached the ship. Using his Qi platforms, he ascended higher into the sky, and then he was ready.

Running back down, Chris created the Qi platforms again, and when he was the right distance away:

"What's that smell?" Unzoku thought, looking up, but it was too late.

Chris exploded off with power from the Qi platform he had made, and rather than doing nothing with his claws this time, he gathered power and swung them down, crashing right in the centre of the giant ship. The whole top floor was bent in half as the two sides lifted up. Chris had managed to cut right through the entire ship, and now the werewolves were falling out of the sky.

*****

For updates on MVS and future works, please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Patreon: jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS, or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.