Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2512  The Messenger Arrives

Battles were continuing to take place all over the Red space. Massive amounts of energy were being used, while large amounts of blood were being spilled, but the inhabitants were fighting back.

Even before Immortui and the group had taken over, the Red space, known as it was due to Immortui, had constant battles. The people, the inhabitants in the Red space, had fights amongst each other even more so than those in the Golden space, and because of it, many of them were incredibly strong.

The main issue was just how large was this Divine Brigade army, or was it something that wouldn't stop until the Ancient One, Celestalon, was defeated. If that was the case, how would one defeat something that they were unable to get to?

Among the many battles that were taking place, there were large-scale ones as well. Russ, Hikel, and Peter were battling it out against Luce, one of the right-hand men of Immortui.

Against Luce, after having transformed into his demon form, they were struggling to put a mark on him. They had eventually given him a few cuts here and there, but for them, the damage was far worse.

Peter had been pierced in several places on his body; the Black Swordsman had been hit. In turn, Russ was suffering from internal injuries, and his god-slayer tier item wasn't working well against Luce's powers.

When they all felt like there was nothing more they could do, dropping down from the sky, with a strange green-coloured sword wrapped around by their arm, someone had interrupted the battle, getting in the way of the two of them.

"Who are you!" Luce stated. He didn't understand what was happening; his spear had been struck, and as he tried to move it, his movements felt slower than they did before.

They didn't feel heavy, but when an attempt was made to stab the person in front of him with his spear, it flowed along against the edge of the sword and pushed back. Then, with his other hand free, a white beam of energy left the interrupter's hand and struck Luce right in the chest.

The attack lifted him off his feet and crashed him into the edge of the side wall.

"I am just a simple messenger," Mundus declared, swinging the sword in the air a few times. He thought it felt quite nice.

Mundus wasn't usually a swordsman, although his skills weren't bad with the sword. He wasn't an expert by any means, but the sword that was in his hands wasn't an ordinary sword; it was one obtained from a special vault, one that Mundus looked after on behalf of the Ancient Ones.

This weapon, in particular, was great for his use because it allowed a person to use its abilities through the weapon. Depending on what ability was used, the weapon would interpret it in a certain way.

Mundus' power didn't work through the red mist very well. If his power was focused, it could still stop time within a certain area, but those like the Demon Kings, who could control the condensed red energy, could form a barrier that protected them.

However, with the sword, when it touched the skin of Luce, it was passing on the effect of Mundus' power, and that was why he felt slow when the sword touched him.

"Now I remember you!" Luce shouted back. "You were here last time; you are one of the Celestials that stopped Immortui from breaking free."

"Oh, it's nice to know that I'm famous around here," Mundus replied.

The last time Mundus had visited the Red space, he had bought time by stopping Immortui; he knew he didn't have the strength to beat him. He also knew that there was a chance that he had been raising a powerful enemy.

If that was the case, if Mundus was to come back, he needed just a little help, which was why he had borrowed one of the many items from the vault.

"So, are you one of the big ones?" Luce asked.

"The big ones, ah, are you referring to the Ancient Ones?" Mundus replied. "I am not, although if you are talking in terms of strength, I am pretty strong. It appears that some crazy events are going on."

Mundus glanced back at those that were behind him. "You guys, are you here with Quinn?"

Hikel and the others had no idea who this person was, but he had mentioned a name that was very familiar to them. It was still hard for them to determine, was this a friend, or was it a foe?

Luce placed his hand on the ground, and immediately his power started to extend across the floor. Right where Mundus was standing, a large white spike launched up from the floor.

Mundus moved out of the way as the spikes continued to follow him, and with one of them, he touched it with his sword. It slowed down significantly, allowing him to break away.

"So, are you guys going to help me, or what? This one is quite difficult to deal with, as I'm sure you guys know," Mundus asked. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Seeing the two of them fight, it was also an opportunity for them to leave. After all, they had already obtained Luce's blood; they didn't need it anymore. But if they left Luce alive, would he get involved in all of this?

There was one person who didn't need an answer; Peter had gotten up off the floor. From his back, a strange mist was appearing, and the Boneclaw was now by his side.

"That b*stard is going to have what's coming to him no matter what!" Peter yelled.

A beam of celestial energy had Luce pinned to the ground. It was a constant stream that was going against him, and in that moment, the Boneclaw had appeared and alongside it was Peter.

The two of them struck, hitting Luce right in his stomach, claw marks slicing against his skin, and Peter giving a devastating punch to his midriff. Peter's fists didn't stop as he continued to punch and hit, and this time he didn't have the head tails wrapped around his arms.

He was using them as well to strike at any visible spot Luce had on his body.

The demon king was standing firm, still holding on and blocking the celestial energy from above. With a stomp of his foot, the white energy went underground and appeared right where Peter stood.

He stepped back, avoiding it, but it moved, heading toward him again. Before it struck, the green sword went flying through the air and hit the white energy, slowing it down just enough for it to stop the attack and allowing Peter to move.

Now with both hands free, Mundus blasted Luce with double the amount of celestial energy, trying to smother Luce completely. But he was a powerful demon king, and it looked like the energy, even from Mundus the messenger, wasn't going to be enough.

Leaning down, a hand picked up the sword from the ground. "This seems like a pretty good sword," Russ said, as he leaned back up with two swords in his hands and still in the Black Swordsman's body.

"Let's finish this thing."

****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.