Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2516  The last hope gone

With all of the massive amounts of blood that was being spilt in the red space, Quinn was feeling stronger than he ever had before. The massive amount of blood aura he could control and condense down was at a level he had never experienced before.

His shadow was at the strongest it had been, but he was unable to make his shadow stronger like he could do his blood aura. Quinn's shadow shouldn't have been able to block Immortui's attacks, yet he was able to. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

This was all because of the blood shadow. Using more blood and mixing it with the shadow in turn was making a stronger blood shadow. Blood aura with properties of the shadow, allowing him to stop Immortui's strikes, and with that in mind, Quinn had come up with an idea.

Throwing both of his arms up, a force of blood shadow was unleashed, pushing all of the giant red fists of mist away. Four of the Asura arms were being used to constantly throw out blood fists, striking Immortui non stop.

The clones had stepped in, but with a swing of his fists, Immortui struck one on the head, killing it on the spot, and with the other, a serpent over his shoulder snapped out faster than the clone could react, getting rid of it.

"At first, I thought this was a bit of fun." Immortui said. "But now, this is seriously getting annoying."

Placing both of his palms together, Quinn spread them out and had formed something. It grew in size and was the same colour as the shadow blood, with a dark red coating around it.

Now in Quinn's hands was a large scythe. Pressing the side of his god slayer mask, the lightning attribute was activated and the entire thing was sparking with red lightning blood aura coming off the scythe.

It shocked the ground, destroying it as it hit the floor, and was constantly hitting the ground around the area, destroying everything, even striking the air, getting rid of large pockets of the red mist that were swirling around.

Quinn dashed forward, and swuing the scythe by his side, he was still several metres away from Immortui and it didn't look like the scythe would hit him. When it swung out, it started to extend.

Lifting his arm, Immortui blocked the strike and his whole body slid across the ground. As the scythe was touching his skin it continued to shock him bit by bit, and from the look on his face, the attack was actually somewhat hurting him.

The serpents bit down on the scythe from his shoulder, and then with his other hand free Immortui held onto the edge of the scythe. His colourless ability activated in his hand, and started to grow.

The blood fists continued to crash into his body, making the colourless power fade in each time, but he had already done what needed to be done, taking part of the energy out from the strike.

He swung the scythe to the side pushing it away. Immortui then leapt up in the air, and as he did a mist platform landed under his feet.

"You annoying little rat!" Immortui screamed.

Lifting the blood shadow scythe behind his head. It started to grow in size behind Quinn. It was extended, growing large, and power was swirling around it from all over.

Immortui on the other hand was moving his hands at a rapid speed, and several of the mist portals started to open around Quinn. They had surrounded him in a circle.

"You have made a big mistake, I truly wanted you to join my side, but now you leave me no choice, there is no second chance." Immortui stated.

Out from the portals, several large giant red mist fists went out. All of them at the same time had crashed into Quinn, hitting him at once with an attempt to crush him. With what power Quinn had, he attempted to block it with shadow but the power still seeped through and bashed into him.

His insides felt like they were twisting and turning, but he still had gathered power into the giant blood shadow scythe. He swung it with all of his might, forcing the Qi in his body to move his muscles and do the work.

The large scythe was swung down and from above Immortui could see it approaching him. Turning his body into the strange red mist, Immortui soon appeared directly above the scythe, and the two serpents started to wrap around his arms.

"You never stood a chance against me Quinn. I was trying to show you every step of the way. No matter what power you have, no matter what you did, I could best you. I thought you would see the way in the middle of this fight, but you just kept on going!"

Immortui threw both of his hands out, aiming right for Quinn, the several fists had him pinned.

[Shadow lock]

Quinn attempted to use his shadow lock skill, but it wasn't working as quickly as it did before, the shadow crossed his back, and he was wondering why that was. When he looked around him he could see that the colour had faded.

'When did he…'

The large strike from above, unleashed by Immortui covered all of Quinn's body; it had hit him, destroying every part of him. Mundus, who was far off in the distance, had been paying attention and was looking out at the scene.

'No! I have to do something!' Mundus thought. He tried to get up from where he was and push himself forward, but the erupting power from Immortui had pushed him back. Even with his body covered with celestial energy, Mundus, or anyone else or any creature, was unable to approach.

The large scale attack continued to hit Quinn and the power was seeping out sideways, covering the entire area. From a distance no one could even see what was going on, but Quinn knew.

His armour was being ripped to pieces once more and the system screen had come up once again.

[Your armour has been destroyed]

[Armour is currently being repaired]

When the attack faded, Quinn was left on the ground lying on the scorched land. There was nothing but black around him.

His skin looked to have been melted off his body, parts of his armour melted into his skin as well. He tried to move the muscles in his body but it felt impossible to do anything.

The swirling blood power that was constantly heading toward the planet had stopped as well. Landing by his side, Immortui walked over to where Quinn was. He could see that the life, it was already fading from his eyes.

"You are certainly a strong one, even the celestials would have struggled with taking a double serpent strike head on, and be in as good of a state as you are. You have been through a lot." Immortui then lifted Quinn up by his neck. His limbs fell to his side and there was no struggle at all, the life had gone from his eyes already.

"A body that hasn't disappeared into ashes, you certainly are a strange one. You who were born from me, we could have ruled everything together." Immortui shoved his fist right through Quinn's chest reaching the other side. A large hole had appeared, and in Immortui's hand, there was what vampires left behind after their death. It was proof that Quinn had already died, even though his body was still present, it was his blood crystal.

***

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back