Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2522  An invasion of the past

After the last attack on the vampire settlement and getting no further information on Quinn, Muka, Xander, and Layla had decided to put some defensive measures in place. Although the previous attack had happened from within somehow, there was no harm in increasing their defenses.

The wandering guards that patrolled the settlement had their numbers increased, and each of them was given a communication crystal. It would amplify their voices, and the message would then be relayed to certain towers that had been built in the settlement.

These towers served two purposes. One was as a repeater; if a message was received from the transmitting crystal, it would play it out loud for everyone to hear and spread it until it reached another tower.

At the same time, vampires were stationed on the towers, keeping watch over the settlement and its surroundings.

Then there were the settlement walls. They had been upgraded with new materials, making them stronger and more reinforced compared to before. The materials had been donated by the Graylash planets, and with Logan's help, automated defenses had been placed in the wall.

The walls had several cannons and ballistae that worked using crystals. They were cleverly designed because once a target type had been designated, they would use facial recognition to distinguish between friend and foe.

Additionally, the face of every vampire in the settlement had been scanned. The cannons would never fire at someone who was in the system. They could also be manually operated, but that would defeat the purpose of the automated system.

Both Muka and Layla were walking around the settlement, reviewing all the changes that were being made.

"It still isn't as strong or good as when Quinn was able to control the place with his system," Layla commented.

"Those were some crazy times," Muka replied. "But the vampires are stronger than they were back then. They weren't able to put up a fight before, but we can now, and besides, perhaps we are worrying too much; nothing has even happened."

When Quinn had the system, he was able to upgrade the entire settlement when he became king. He changed the walls, created towers, and even introduced golems. It was quite an impressive feat.

He had lost all those abilities when he turned into a Celestial vampire, and when the settlement itself was moved. Layla had the idea to improve the settlement based on what had been used back then.

"I mean, you are right. We've decided to start up the school again, and still, no incident has occurred. It was just so random? Right after that strange being appeared along with the others, I just thought that something big might be happening, and without that sword, I can't help but feel nervous."

The two were walking toward the front gate, where they could see several vampires stationed there. The wall looked completely different compared to before, made out of metal sheets and curved inwards. Around the back, there were platforms for vampires to stand on.

A vampire ran up to them, bowing down. When he lifted his head, he was suddenly taken aback.

"I welcome—" Before he could finish his sentence, his eyes widened as he looked at something appearing next to the settlement.

It wasn't directly above the settlement, but off to the side. As Muka and Layla turned to look, they could see it as well.

In the sky, there was a giant red portal. It was swirling, and a strange mist was escaping from it, turning the entire dark sky red.

All the vampires in the settlement were drawn to what was happening, pointing their fingers.

"Prepare for combat!" Layla shouted immediately.

The vampires quickly picked up their transmitting crystals and shouted the words into them. Soon, throughout the settlement, the words "prepare for combat" were being spread to every corner.

They hadn't seen anything come out of the portal, and it could well have been Quinn and the others, but Layla wasn't going to be hopeful.

After the portal opened up, a large black vessel could be seen coming through from its tip. It was enormous, casting a shadow over part of the settlement. Onboard the vessel, there were countless Divine Beings that Layla and the others had seen before, but it wasn't just them either.

It was clear that they were fighting against something. Soon, from the vessel, a number of creatures started to drop down into the settlement. The turrets immediately opened fire.

Most of the creatures had fallen outside of the wall, but they had immediately gotten up and started running straight for the settlement walls. They were running on all fours, and when they got close to the wall, they leaped right up in the air.

A blood swipe was swung toward one of them, hitting the creature's chest but doing next to nothing. The creature landed on top of the vampire and began to bite down on its neck.

Several more of the creatures were scaling the walls, and a grand battle began. Soon, Muka could see exactly what creatures were coming toward them.

"It's… it's werewolves! How… I thought they were extinct!" Muka shouted. "What is happening!"

The vampire guards continued to draw their weapons and use their abilities as they battled with the werewolves. For many of the vampires, it was their first time facing enemies as fast and strong as these creatures.

Instead, they had to focus on using their blood aura to attack from a distance. Without their strength, it was difficult to severely injure the werewolves. Especially these ones.

Having been raised by Unzoku they were far stronger than the werewolves of the past. When the blood aura would hit their bodies, it did next to nothing. At least a group of ten vampires or even more would have to be used to deal with one werewolf, and yet, the vampires didn't out number them, there were many.

The only saving grace was the Divine beings that were attacking them still.

Layla pulled out her bow from her back, gathered her Qi, and started firing arrows. They hit some of the werewolves right in their mouths and claws before they could bite down on some of the other vampires.

"Does that really matter right now? What matters is that we need to do everything we can to defend ourselves!" Layla shouted.

She was, of course, worried about Minny, but she knew that Minny was strong. If anything, she would be the one protecting the school because it was quite clear that each one of these werewolves was deadly strong as well.

Muka, having snapped out of her daze, shook her head. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"You're right. This is an old enemy of the past, one that nearly drove us to extinction… We won't be able to win this battle if we don't act appropriately!" Muka stood up and pulled out her transmitter device. "Wake up all of the vampires in eternal slumber; everyone must fight for the survival of the vampires!"

*****

For updates on MVS and future works, please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS, or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.