Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2523  Wake them all up

———

The fight from above the vampire settlement was intense. Buildings were being destroyed as a werewolf grabbed onto the body of a vampire, and hurled him though several buildings.

Almost immediately, several vampires from above attacked with blood swipes hitting the werewolf, while another came with a sword and stabbed it right through its stomach.

However, the werewolf was still standing and strong, opening its large mouth it bit down on the vampire. The general public, those that weren't guards, knew they had to get involved.

There was no running to safety, every single person would need to do their part if they were to get rid of the enemies.

When the werewolf was done eating what was in front of it, it was ready to charge in next to another vampire, until it was blasted by a black energy. It was badly hurt, a hole had appeared through its stomach, but shortly after and a black spear had gone right through the werewolf's head killing it on the spot.

"Did that thing just kill the werewolf, does that mean it's on our side?" The vampires wondered.

The being was large in size around three humans standing on top of each other, it had dark wings on its back and dark spear in its hand.

"No… that thing, it was what appeared at the event!" FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The vampires had realised a little too late, when it turned around it pointed its spear towards them and fired out a large beam of black energy. As it hit their bodies, it left nothing behind, killing them on the spot.

A three way battle was taking place, The Divine beings attacking everything they could see, the vampires defending themselves as best as they could, and the werewolves taking out the vampires and the Divine beings that were on their tail.

The order had been received, to wake up those in eternal slumber. The vampire knights of each of the current families were on the move. They were heading down below to the castles, underground.

It was where all of the tombs were placed. In the search for the old vampire tombs, Muka had managed to return most of them but not all. She placed them back under the castles of those they had found.

But still, vampires were growing older in the settlement over time, and even the vampires that lived in the Graylash planets or part of the Vampire Corps would choose eternal slumber in the Vampire Settlement.

Vampires who had grown tired of the world, and even the past leaders who people feared were working with Immortui who had decided to go to sleep were in slumber.

As the nights entered the underground tombs, byt the side, they placed their hands on the strange combination to the side. Soon part of the wall started to slide down and smoke appeared from the bottom.

Now in front of them, were rows of tubes that contained different samples of blood. This was a system and creation that had been set up by Vincent.

It took far too much time for them to find out which vampires belonged to which families, and whether or not their blood was able to be used to wake up those in a slumber.

So a blood sample of every single person who went into slumber was made for this very occasion; when the settlement was in dire trouble, and it certainly looked like that. After getting the samples of blood the vampires stood by the chambers pouring the blood down.

The tombs started to swirl up out of the ground opening up one by one. The vampires' eyes opened wondering what was taking place, but could see many others in the same situation.

"There isn't much time to explain what is going on!" The vampire knights shouted. "Right now, the settlement is under attack, and it's by werewolves."

There were confused looks on the vampires' faces, some of them even chuckled thinking that it might be some sort of prank, but when they listened closely they could hear the panicked heart beats of all the vampires inside, and the screams that were coming from above.

"We must protect the settlement, at all costs!" A vampire shouted, stepping out of the chamber.

On the surface, Layla was going toe to toe with one of the werewolves, she had pulled out her sword and redirected two of their slashes. She hit them away with her sword, flinging them to the side.

With her other hand free she had made a Qi arrow and threw it forward hitting the werewolf right in the arm. Another werewolf had appeared from the right, leaping in the air.

Right above them, she could see a pair of Divine beings having chosen them as their target, instead of continuing her attack she Quickly, she opened her mouth wide and flames erupted, covering the werewolf. It didn't slow it down, but made it hard for it to see. She quickly rolled out of the way, and switched to her bow, firing out several arrows at the werewolves.

Right above them, she could see a pair of Divine beings having chosen them as their target, instead of continuing her attack she had decided to continue going through the settlement, helping those she could.

Her and Muka had long split up, they couldn't focus their strength in one area, because there wasn't a single enemy that they needed to defeat, they were all absurdly strong.

'Xander has gone to try and communicate with the Graylash family and the Vampire Corps, to see if they are dealing with the same issue. If it's only us though, they will send in support, but I don't know how long we can last.

'Even if it was just the werewolves, or the gold and dark beings, I don't think we will be able to make it out of this. Just what is going on, Quinn, where are you!'

———

The school had only just restarted in the vampire settlement, and once again trouble had taken over all of the place. The children were told all to evacuate to the large sports hall.

Although everyone was expected to take up arms, this wasn't true of the children who were, for the most part, significantly weaker than the vampires.

"Why is this happening!" Abby shouted as she was crying.

"It's okay, this stuff always seems to happen! But we don't have to worry!" Tobi declared.

All of the children crying their eyes out would disagree, especially since the teachers were already battling it out. They were fighting and broken walls, along with explosions, were constantly going off one after the other. The children flinched each time they heard this.

"It's okay children, I will protect us!" Miss Bedford declared.

Right in front of her eyes, an explosion had occurred, rubble and dust were chucked in front of her, and on the ground a dead vampire laid there.

Then walking through the rubble there was a beast covered in fur, with razor sharp teeth. It was a werewolf.

All of the children screamed in response to seeing the werewolf.

Miss Bedford acted quickly as she threw out a blood swipe, but when the werewolf swung its arm it broke through the blood swipe like it was nothing.

"It's okay!" Tobi said again. "We don't have to worry, because… we have her!"

Jumping through like a red blur, transforming into a small little red vampire form, Minny came out, and struck the werewolf at full strength right in the head, sending it right back down the hallway.

"We don't have to worry, because we have one of the strongest vampires in the whole settlement protecting us." Tobi said proudly.

******

For updates on MVS and future works, please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: discord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS, or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.