Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2526  Demon Quest Complete

Unlike before, when they were all watching Quinn, it was very clear that something was happening now. The flame that lit up on his chest started to extract small flames, and they began to swirl around his body.

Before they knew it, he was slightly lifted into the air as the flames continued to surround him. The armour was lit up brightly, and along with the flames, the group wasn't so sure if it was colour returning to Quinn's face or just a reflection of everything going on.

Soon, the flames had covered Quinn's body entirely, forming a pod around him, and the others weren't able to see anything, but big changes were occurring on the inside.

Over his chest, his skin was reverting back, the hole was healing up as the small flames were turning into energy particles. The particles then would be changed into muscle and flesh.

This continued until the large hole that had been made was no longer there. The healing didn't just stop there because the damage that was done on the surface level wasn't the main culprit.

Soon, something else started to form in his body; it was condensing, and all the energy of the flames that had entered was turning into a brand new bloodstone.

The old one that was being used to open the portal stayed intact. This wasn't a power of reversing time or putting things back in place. It was a power of creation. It was creating an entirely new Quinn.

The powers of a legendary beast, so strong that even the ones that named themselves gods didn't understand, were at work.

Finally, the bloodstone had been completed. At this point, it looked as if there was nothing else to repair, yet Quinn was still asleep, his heart didn't pump, nor was his mind working.

The flames from the pod surrounding him grew slightly larger and became more intense. Inside the small cave, everyone could feel the intense heat and was breaking out in a sweat.

Some of them wanted to leave, wanted to fall down onto the ground due to the heat, but none of them did because they wanted to see the outcome, to see if he really would come back.

The first out of the group to hear it was Chris. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"His heart... it's beating!" Chris said.

His sensitive werewolf ears were able to hear it. It was a single strong beat that allowed the blood to flow right through Quinn's veins. All of his power was coming back to him as it swirled around his body.

Soon after, a second beat had started, and the blood flowed more to all of his cells. The energy of the flames continued to do its work, and the sensation of touch and feeling was coming back to Quinn. Eventually, he had opened his eyes wide.

The flames went right back into his armour at that moment, all of it disappearing as his body fell to the ground with a thud.

Quinn blinked slowly as he looked at the hard stone ceiling.

"Quinn... you're alive!" Sil shouted.

[A New Flame Active skill has been used]

[The Skill can no longer be used]

"The new flame skill, that was the skill that was locked, and I couldn't see what it did, it was used, what happened?"

Quinn started to wiggle his fingers about. They felt fine, there were no issues at all, and he could move the rest of his body as well. His mind didn't feel foggy either, but he soon went to reach toward his chest, and that's when the final moments hit him.

The final moments of his battle with Immortui.

"I lost that fight, and I was killed," Quinn said, lifting his lower body up off the floor.

When looking up, he could see Peter by his side, his eyes teary, and he also could witness all the others that were in the room as well. He could see and feel the uneasy tension that they had in their bodies. How they had suddenly relaxed when seeing him. Their hearts beating with joy.

"Yes, you did die," Mundus said. "And now you are alive again, but unfortunately, we haven't brought you back to life due to good news. Because remember, you died to Immortui, you didn't finish the job, which is why I helped bring you back to finish it."

In a way, Mundus didn't feel like he had done much. The armour was something that Quinn had earned from defeating the phoenix. It was one of the toughest battles he had faced due to the length of time it took him. He persisted and managed to receive the crystal.

"I'm sure this means that the phoenix might be reborn as well though, since its power was used. Well, that will be another problem to solve," Mundus thought.

Looking around the room, hearing the news of what happened, Quinn could see that one of the champions was missing. Hikel had his arms missing, and something was just a bit off about Sil.

Not only that, but the blood being spilt was less than before. Standing up, the system screen had popped up in front of Quinn again.

[Quest complete]

[You have obtained advanced Demon blood]

[Your blood powers have evolved]

[The power of your blood aura has increased, and your sense of blood has as well!]

The quest that had just popped up was related to completing the general demon blood. It looked like while he was asleep, the others had managed to achieve the task. But the real shocker was what had appeared next.

"You guys, you managed to get the Demon kings' blood as well. You fought against all of those guys!" Quinn asked in disbelief.

He had already been beyond surprised that they had all come here, but not only that, they had helped him out greatly, beyond what he ever expected of them.

Quinn had fought against one of the Demon kings; it was a tough battle for even him, so he could only imagine what the others had been through. By using all their strength, they were able to complete the impossible.

"Does that mean, the blood we got, did it work?" Hikel asked.

They were worried because, technically, they had only been able to obtain 4 of the Demon kings' blood, but Tenbris was dead, so what else could they do? Due to the unique situation as well, they hadn't actually defeated all of the demon kings.

While looking at the others, through the gap and opening of the cave, Quinn could see it, the large portal that had opened up. He walked forward, stood on the edge, and looked at his system screen.

[Quest complete]

[5 of the Great Demon Races' Demon king blood has been absorbed]

[Transformation unlocked: Demon Form]

[You are now able to control the Demon form at will]

"You guys did the impossible; it's now my turn to do the same!"

****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.