Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2527  Transform, it's time!

The chaos in the golden space had caught the attention of the Ancient Celestials. What the Ancient One was trying to stop by sending in the Divine Brigade had spread to the golden space.

'Is it too late, do I now need to get involved myself? For now, all of the trouble is concentrated in one area. Then I shall deal with this matter before it becomes something big.'

The vampire settlement was in chaos, and the fighting was intense from all sides. Everything was coming from one direction though, the large red portal. The vampires had managed to form groups, using their abilities to their advantage, they were dealing with the werewolves and the Divine Brigade.

They had figured out that it was better to just survive and let the two try and take out each other. It was more important to just avoid their attacks, this was the strategy implemented.

That was until they could see it, up above, several more portals were opening. These weren't red in colour like the others. Instead they were white. The portals were smaller in size but they were all above the settlement.

Coming out of them like a flock of birds, were the gold and dark beings, set on finishing the job, and killing everything on sight including the vampires.

They swarmed down, as they did, the Dark beings pointed their spears and fired away at the ground. They didn't care even if they were to hit their own allies.

Several large black explosions went off, one after the other, ruining nearly all of the buildings and the structures.

Layla, looking at it all, drew her bow and was firing in the sky, trying to do as much damage as she could, trying to hurt them, but there were too many and what little damage she would do would be healed by the Gold beings.

"This is impossible… we're doomed." Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

——-

The group went to the edge of the cave and as they were looking out, they could see that not just one of the large ships had gotten through the red portal, but now another one was trying to get in.

There was practically a line of ships waiting to exit out of the red space. When the portal was open properly using the power of Quinn's crystal, then they would all be able to enter rather quickly.

"So, what's the plan, what do we do now?" Calva asked.

"The portal has already opened to the golden space." Mundus said, pointing at the portal itself in question. "The red crystal is in sight. I have a special container that I can use to gather the bloodstone. If any of you attempted to touch it you might get obliterated by its power."

They could fully understand that, this was Quinn's raw energy after all.

"Getting the bloodstone will close the portal, it won't stop those that have already gone to the other side. At that point though, the portals will remain open for a small time." Mundus explained. "The reason why Immortui hasn't gone to the other side yet is because the portal isn't fully open.

"He will be rejected by the golden space, but all of you are originally from the golden space, you will be able to return with no problems. At that time, you must all leave… except for you Quinn."

"I know." Quinn replied. "I already decided. I will finish it with Immortui no matter what. It's my fault that the portal is now open. We have no clue what's happening on the other side, but they might be in complete chaos."

"If that's the case, you guys will need to help them. As soon as the red blood crystal is collected, leave this area. I will make sure Immortui doesn't go after you and deal with him."

The others didn't like the sound of that, but they knew Quinn had already made his decision in this. He had come here with a goal, and the current situation somewhat solved their situation on how to get back.

"Quinn… don't stay here." Peter said. "If you stay here too long, I promise I'll come back to get you, alright."

Quinn couldn't help but smile at the comment.

"There is another issue. I doubt they will just let me go ahead and take the crystal." Mundus said. "Quinn will deal with Immortui, but we need to deal with Unzoku, who seems to have gained a tremendous amount of power."

"When I arrive at the scene, I will use all of my abilities to stop time for a fraction of a moment, so much that it will even be able to affect him. Doing this, I won't be able to attack myself."

"All of you will need to deliver the strongest attack you can muster, one with all of your might, in an attempt to get rid of Unzoku. I will get the blood crystal at that time. That is the only way this will all work."

"Are you sure?" Russ asked. "Are you sure you're not going to betray us?"

"I need this to work, just as much as you guys." Mundus said. "You could go ahead and use your black sword if you want, but destroying the crystal will ruin our chance to get out of here. I am doing this just to give you guys a chance. So it's up to you."

"Believe him." Quinn said. "He isn't one to go back on his deal, I'm guessing that's the reason why he's even here in the first place."

The group nodded, and they had a plan in place. All the strength they could muster, that included Chris as well. With this, it was time for them to act.

Standing on the edge, with everyone ready, it was time to begin.

[Vampire Demon God Transformation has begun]

Quinn's body started to change in front of all of their eyes. Shadow covered his limbs as he placed the armour away. His limbs were starting to change. Blood aura poured out from his mouth and along with it shadow that covered his entire body.

At this moment everyone stepped back fearing the worst. When it consumed and went back in Quinn's body they could see a drastic change. His wings, red in colour, solidly formed.

A strange blazing like coating appeared on him but it flickered as part of the shadow. His skin was a pearl white, with a strange shadow appearing around both of his arms and around his eyes.

This was Quinn's demon form in the flesh, and for a moment everyone was a little afraid of what was going to happen next.

"Let's go." Quinn spoke, his voice sounding high pitched and low pitched at the same time.

It sent a shiver down all of their spines, and blood energy swirled around them as he said the words.

'He can control it now… he's in complete control.' Calva thought unable to contain his smile. 'And I'm sure of it… he's stronger than before as well!'

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.