Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2529  Grab The Blood Stone

The red portal that was being opened to the golden space wasn't growing larger, but it was becoming clearer. Originally, it was just red swirls going around in circles, but the larger ships were still able to get through.

Now, it was becoming clearer; the space could be seen through a red veil, and slowly more of the portal was opening up.

"It won't be much longer now. I wonder how the Celestials will react to all of this," Immortui said.

A second large vessel was going through the portal, just like the last one, it was full of werewolves, but this time not just werewolves, but with Yaks as well. The Divine beings were still fighting strongly, mostly due to the golden ones being able to heal the dark ones.

That and their large numbers, however, the numbers did start to dwindle down in the red space.

"Maybe he's already noticed," Immortui thought.

Unzoku was getting ready; he was inching closer to the portal. He couldn't wait to get out on the other side. Just like Immortui, he had been trapped here for a long time, and now it was finally his time to shine again.

As he kept his eye dead straight on the portal and saw the second ship fully enter onto the other side, he noticed something. The swirls that were rotating again and again were starting to slow down.

It was only ever so slightly, but they had done so, which caused Unzoku to raise his eyebrow. As he turned his head again, to a normal person, they would have thought his movements were fine, but he was extremely sensitive to everything in his body.

He could feel every muscle fiber, and he could feel his head was moving ever so slightly.

'Is it an attack?'

Just as Unzoku opened his mouth, that's when he saw it, appearing right in front of him, was a group of people that seemingly had come out of thin air. Now the portal that was in Unzoku's backdrop had completely stopped.

He tried to move his hand, but it felt like it had frozen. His mind allowed him to process what was in front of him, and that's when he could see the Red Werewolf as well.

'What is going on, what is happening?'

Russ' arms were filled with lightning in one, and fire in the other. Peter had gathered all of the Qi he could in one fist and had both of his held tails surrounding it. Calva had formed a deadly large spiked spear, while Pultra's leg was glowing ever so brightly.

Edvard couldn't do much, but he hoped his ability of luck might just come through at this moment. While Hikel had formed and controlled as much blood as he could out of his body, he had condensed it into an orb above his head ready to fire out.

Then there was Chris, gathering the Qi in his body, breathing, trying to draw every bit of power in him. Out of everyone in the group, he perhaps had the most amount of power. He channeled it through his claws, which emitted the black flames, but this time he had more time to gather his power.

When the group had gotten close, all of them activated their strength; they condensed their power down as much as they could, ready to use it. It didn't matter if they weren't able to fight or get up after this, this was their last stand and their final attack.

Even Mundus had prepared his celestial energy in both hands while using all of his powers to stop Unzoku's reaction; half a second, maybe even less, was the only time Mundus could hold a being with such power.

However, the moment of surprise and teleporting in, that small fraction of a second was all they needed.

"This is our F*ck You!" Peter shouted. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

All of them let off their beams of energy, condensing into one, all heading to one place. It hit Unzoku right in the chest. It lifted him off his feet and into the air, and the next moment he was blasted away.

The power was immensely strong, and he had gone off shooting into the distance. It was so far that they didn't even know where he was anymore.

After completing the attack, the others felt like they were going to collapse, and Sil had quickly teleported them onto the ground. Meanwhile, Mundus was still in the air, and he had brought out a strange-looking container device. The outside was hardened and had an appearance almost of a clear rounded crystal. It looked like a Nest crystal, only it was smooth like a pearl and it was split in two halves.

"Do you think Unzoku's dealt with?" Edvard asked.

"I doubt it. We probably only bought us some time; if he's injured, he will heal as well," Chris said. "But, we put our all into that attack, it might take him a while to heal."

The group was looking up above as they could see Mundus encasing the bloodstone. Once it was encased, the portal would stop opening, and it meant they only had a limited amount of time to escape from the place.

"If Unzoku does heal, doesn't that mean that Quinn will have to face them both on his own, doesn't he?" Peter asked.

They knew what Peter was getting at; he wanted to stay and help Quinn out, but it wasn't really an option.

"We already talked this over," Sil said. "We leave, and we leave now!"

Mundus was inches away from placing the casing on the blood crystal. It was hard to do as the forceful energy was pushing his hands away like two magnets, but he was pushing against it.

"I knew, I knew that you Celestials would come!" Immortui shouted as he recognized Mundus immediately.

Gathering his red energy in the air, he had formed a solid ball of pure power and threw it out. Mundus focused on the task ahead, and that's when flying right in front of the ball of energy, Quinn grabbed it with his dark-covered shadow hand.

He held onto the condensed energy, and with his fingers, crushed it down until the energy had completely disappeared.

"Who… are you?" Immortui asked. He didn't quite recognize the thing he was seeing in front of him. Yet the energy felt like it was similar to his own.

"I guess you would be surprised, after all. I've come back from the dead, and to finish you off!" Quinn answered.

A thought flashed through Immortui's mind, and although it shouldn't have been possible, there was always the chance that it just might be.

'I thought it was strange, the power that I could feel that was left behind. The fact that they had decided to risk going after his body, and his body not disappearing in the first place. I thought the task was done, I thought the job was done after I had gotten the blood crystal!'

"Are you really trying to get in my way again, after what happened last time!" Immortui shouted, and the energy around was pushed all in one direction, swirling in their area.

The power was frightening, and the others feeling it felt sick, as if they could hardly stand.

"Just because you look different, you think you can stop me now! I killed you before, and I'll just have to kill you again!" Immortui shouted.

At that moment, Mundus had found success. He had pressed the two halves of his special device or material and had closed the blood crystal. The energy was no longer used on the portal.

Now the swirls of energy had stopped, and the energy from the portal itself was breaking away, becoming nothing but particles and part of the energy around it.

appeared.

"NOOO!" Immortui screamed.

All over the area, mist portals were opening up. They had blocked where Mundus was, they had appeared right where Quinn was and had surrounded the two of them.

Out from them, large fists were coming out, but at the same time, Quinn moved his hands, and in the exact same spots of all the areas of blood mist portals that had opened up, Shadow portals had appeared.

Straight out of them, large fists had appeared as well, and the shadow fists had collided straight ahead with the red mist fists all over. They clashed, and pulses of power vibrated in the air, but neither had lost out, Quinn's shadow fists or the blood fists, as they stayed in place.

"It won't be the same as last time!" Quinn said, making a scratch across his arm, and out of his own blood, he had formed a dark purple, mixed with swirling inner red, coloured spear in his hands.

****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.