Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2531  Interrupting Fight

Sil had made the decision to give one last gift to Quinn. Even if it was to take up all of the MC cell's in his body. Of all the images in his head, he was trying to think of someone that he could summon that might be of some use while still being powerful.

That's when Sil had discovered someone who would take up more MC cell's then it should have done. That was Arthur. Ever since his passing, not for a single moment had the word of Arthur and weak been in Quinn's mind.

In fact, the beating that he had received from Arthur at the time, all of the pain he had suffered, was a mental scarring on him that would stick with him forever. Which was why the Arthur that had been summoned, was far stronger than that of the original Arthur.

Of course it had its limits, otherwise Sil would have never have been able to summon him.

"Arthur!" Sil shouted out, as the others went through the portal. The last one left with Sil yet to go through the portal was Peter. "Do whatever you can to make sure he comes back, alright!"

Turning around Sil knew he needed to leave there and then, if he didn't he would have stayed with Quinn, even though there was nothing left for him to do. Walking off, Peter placed his arm around Sil's back and they both walked off into the portal.

Its power was disappearing, and although some remnants of the portal being there was still present, nothing from the Red space would now be able to enter a Golden space.

"Hahah! You think I care?" Immortui shouted as he saw the portal shut before him. "They would have been far better off never bringing you back alive and taking the Blood stone with them!

"The fact that you are here, just means I can do the same thing again. I'll take you out and do what needs to be done to make sure the world is how it's meant to be!"

With Immortui's shout, the entire air started to shake violently, all of the Red space was vibrating causing an image of disturbance, but Quinn still stood there looking at Immortui.

He had received a direct hit by his large red mist arm, but was still fine. His current demon form was powerful, and strong, the strongest he's ever been. The wound that Quinn had made early on had healed up.

With his fingertips he made two more cuts, and the blood started to form around his arms turning into gauntlets.

Immortui made a move, creating a small ball of colourless power, and went to hurl it from his hand toward Quinn. If he could get this power of his to go away, then it would allow him to win the fight.

The colourless ability was Immortui's ace. It was what allowed him to win any battle along with his immense strength, but even he had to admit it felt like both of their strengths were at a similar level.

Immortui threw the colourless ball out from his hand, at almost the same time before it was released. Quinn threw out a punch and shot out a dark red coloured ball of blood aura.

It looked the same as the blood fists he would create. From the distance they were at, it wouldn't reach in time, but the moment Quinn had finished his punch in the air, a shadow portal opened up directly in front of him, while one opened up right at the side of Immortui as well.

The large attack had hit his hand, and Immortui's throw was off. The colourless ball of energy went up in the air past Quinn and exploded, making a particular area of colourlessness.

"This is a trick that I learned from you!" Quinn stated, as he continued to punch just the area around him. For every punch, a shadow portal would open up at the end of his fist.

In doing so, portals would open up right by Immortui's side and hit him constantly from side to side. The first few hits had managed to hit Immortui, but he soon started to fight back. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

He was punching the fists out of his way, and started to jump in the air. He then threw a colourless ball which exploded on the ground below him, but it did nothing because the portals were following where he was at the moment.

"He's doing everything he can to stop me from using my colourless ability. I guess the only choice then, is a close combat fight! Immortui shouted. He started to charge forward instead of attacking all of the portals.

Then, the serpents wrapped around both of his arms. The armour from his legs covered the rest of his body taking the hits and he only had one target in sight, Quinn.

"Arghh!" Immortui shouted as he threw out his fist, exploding with power.

The power was large and extended out, making it hard for Quinn to escape from it, but there was a way, and an easy one at that. Stepping through the shadow portal, he appeared right at the side of Immortui.

Both of his new gauntlets' fists had been drawing power, and punching full force, Quinn hit Immortui again and again countless times on his side. He hit the same place on the armour again and again and the double blood effect was taking place as well hitting Immortui's side.

One of the serpents unraveled from the arm and opened its mouth trying to fire at Quinn, but with his wing he had knocked the head to the side allowing the blast to hit nothing but the ground.

It tore up the ground deeply and the ground was breaking apart at that point. After a surge of punches, Immortui was recovering from the surprise attack so Quinn finished it off with a large kick right into his stomach, and sent him right back down in the ground beneath him.

'HIs armour, it's tough, I don't think I'll be able to do any real damage unless I can break through somehow.'

As Quinn was chasing after the Immortui that was in the ground, a portal had opened up in front of him. It was white in colour. It wasn't just in front of him but it was all over the area and immediately, whole groups of Divine beings were flying into the area.

A spear went straight towards Quinn, which he had managed to grab onto.

"Don't get in my way!" Quinn shouted as he threw out a fist. It hit the Dark being and an eruption of blood aura followed like a spear.

It hit several of the Divine beings, eliminating them one by one and destroying the portal that had just opened up as well.

But even more portals were opening up. Immortui, who was stuck in the ground, had just gotten up as well, and he was surrounded by the Divine Brigade.

"You little ants are annoying." Immortui exclaimed, as mist portals opened up, and out from it a large hand that held onto a sword appeared. It took a single swipe, eliminating nearly all of those that were around him.

Still, more and more Divine portals were opening up, even though Immortui had gotten rid of around three of them in that one swipe.

More and more were appearing around Quinn, and he was using his blood aura more. With a swipe of his hand forward, a tornado of blood came out, wrapping around the Divine beings, getting rid of them one after the other.

Then on the other side of him, Quinn was ready to do the same. Until he saw a string of explosions going off one after the other.  It was a sword that was rapidly flying through the air, as it hit the Divine beings, it would explode on impact one by one.

And at the end of that sword, there was a person with a pair of shadow wings on his back right by Quinn's side.

"I have been told to help you, to the best of my abilities, Quinn." Arthur said.

****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.