Chapter 2532  Protect the settlement

The vampires from underneath the settlement had awakened and they wasted no time in fighting against their enemy. Even those that had once fought against each other in the civil war of vampires against vampires didn't hesitate as they went ahead attacking the werewolves in front of them.

Some of those that had awoken were stronger than the current vampires. They were able to go head to head in strength against some of the werewolves. One blocking a strike from above and then swiping their hand across the werewolf's stomach. A large red slash appeared after with a spurt of blood.

What was another issue though, was not just the werewolves, but the Divine beings that were all over the place. While the werewolves numbers were lowering, it seemed like the Divine beings' numbers continued to grow all over.

Everyone was doing the best they could, and everyone was struggling for their lives, that included those that were currently at the school.

Rather than Miss Bedford, Minny was now leading the way. She was ahead of everyone as they tried to make their way to the hall, the same as they had done last time there was a large-scale beast attack.

However, in nearly every hallway they turned to, more objects were crashing down in front of them. Minny quickly rushed through the rubble and dust. The students could just see and feel shockwaves of power sent out for a few moments, and Minny coming out a bit later.

"Miss Bedford, I don't think the hallway is safe anymore." Minny explained. "I can hear there is fighting going on all over the school. It's the same in the settlement."

The children looked scared as they heard Minny speak, and Miss Bedford gulped down as she was waiting for the next set of words that were to come out of her mouth.

"The best chance of surviving right now… is just to fight back. Is to do what we can!" Minny shouted as she turned.

Through the glass window, to her right, showing part of the school, she could see a black spear thrust into the inside. She quickly jumped up and grabbed the spear with her clawed hand.

Powering it with her blood aura and celestial energy, she pushed it back. The Dark Divine being fell back down to the ground, but didn't look hurt. It was ready to get back up, and the students were staring out of the window looking down.

At that moment, something large had fallen out of the sky, giant in size, as it crashed right on top of the Dark being. It lifted both of its giant hands and threw them down pounding the Dark being into the ground.

With each hit it broke the windows cracking and breaking them to pieces.

"What… what is that, it's a giant!" Tobi said, his hand shaking.

What all of the kids were looking at now, was a Yak demon. The second large ship had come out from the portal. Not only were there groups of werewolves on board but Yaks this time as well.

help of the awakened vampires, the situation was getting worse.

Minny looked at the giant, and she leapt up onto the ledge breaking It wasn't just the school, but they were falling across the whole settlement. Just when they were getting some push back with the help of the awakened vampires, the situation was getting worse.

Minny looked at the giant, and she leapt up onto the ledge breaking the broken shards of glass underneath.  She was looking for the right time to strike, when right from above she could see something else dropping down.

They had a large sword on their back, and swinging it, their arm started to grow in size. With a full force swing, it hit the Yak demon right in the head. The sword continued to go down the centre of the Yak, splitting it apart until it reached the very bottom and hit the ground, making a loud clang.

It was clear the person was one with great strength. When the Yak's body fell apart crashing into the side of the buildings. Many of the students, not even just those with Minny, but along the hallways went to have a look at who it was.

"Uncle Andy!" Minny called out. She had recognized the man below.

"Minny." Andy shouted above with a smile. "We're going to do our best to help, as much as we can."

The support calls had been reached to the Graylash and the Vampire Corps unit. Unlike the vampire settlement, they were all doing fine, but they were prepared for an attack at a moment's notice thanks to Layla's and Muka's warning.

Andy had made it his duty to try and arrive as quickly as possible and now he could help out the others.

From all over, the vampires were dropping down from large ships supporting the vampire settlement the best they could. However, even with the support, things still looked dire.

White portals were opening up, and more Divine beings seemed to be coming through them, again and again. If they took out a large number of them, more would come out.

It was to the point where the vampires would have to team up with the demons to get rid of them, but there wasn't a chance of that happening.

Layla and Muka were getting exhausted and the two of them were looking up at the large red portal.

"Do you notice something?" Layla asked.

"Yeah, I'm not sure if it's my imagination or not, but the portal, it looks as if it's fading away." Muka replied.

Since the two of them were able to see the same thing. It was clear that it wasn't a fragment of their imagination. As they continued to stare at the portal, that's when they were able to see a few small dots coming out from the portal and falling to the ground.

"AHHH! Why isn't the portal on the ground!" Edvard shouted.

A fall from the middle of the sky wouldn't kill either of them but it would hurt.

"Sil teleport us!" Hikel shouted.

"I can't, I already used up all of my MC cells!" Sil shouted back.

Seeing the panic, Chris used Qi platforms to quickly kick off in the air, and grab each of them one by one. He rushed down, placing them on top of the line of the buildings, where they could see Russ was already safely on the ground since he had come through a bit earlier.

When they all regrouped, they could see HIkel and Edvard, mainly speechless at the sight in front of them.

"It's the vampire settlement." Peter said. "It's in chaos, we have to help, we have to do whatever we can, everyone's dying."

They all agreed, with the portal having disappeared behind them. They only need to get rid of the demons present. However, Chris had his eyes on something larger.

On top of the roof, a werewolf was seen coming their way. It leapt up in the air, but before it reached them, Chris moved from his position right to where the werewolf was. He grabbed it by its throat and twisted it, killing it on the spot.

"I just need a bit of your energy." Chris said as he opened his mouth wide and started to bite down. Eating the werewolf right in front of the others. He hardly chewed as he swallowed pieces of it, bit by bit.

Before, it was about gaining strength, but he would no longer gain strength from a werewolf of this calliper. Instead this time it was just to get his energy back up. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

After finishing most of the werewolf off, Chris chucked half of its body off the roof edge where they stood. Then he started to jump on the Qi platforms heading straight for one of the large ships in sight.

When he was close, his skin started to turn red again. Creating a large Qi platform, Chris pushed with his strength and spun his body,

"Get out of this settlement!" Chris screamed. With all his force he punched the side of the large ship.

A large dent was made in its side, nearly bending it in half, and the entire ship was thrown to the side in the air, out of the settlement and crashing into the forest grounds that were close by.

Layla and Muka, had to blink a few times to see what had just happened.

"Who… just did that right now?"

****

****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.