Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2536  Immortui's Final Form

The creature that stood in front of Quinn right now no longer looked to have a human body. It looked like a mishmash of all the demons Quinn had seen before. Yet somehow, all of the pieces blended in together, as if it was meant to be. Not like a chimera that had a mismatch of colours and shapes. It all flowed together, and Immortui looked like a devastating creature right in front of him.

'Is this his demon form?' Quinn thought. 'I guess that would be the wrong term. Immortui is the celestial that created all of the demons to begin with. This is just his strength!'

Acting fast, Quinn's wings spread out tall and wide, and the skill Blood Rain had been used. A rain of bullets went right toward Immortui, and in an instant, he vanished. The attacks continued forward, completely missing.

The energy from Quinn's right side changed in the air, and turning his head, he saw the large claws coming right at him. With his armoured gauntlets, he blocked attack after attack. Quinn would hit the force of the claw away, but his arms were swinging, and he could feel them getting numb, even though he was in his demon form. After blocking several hits, the snake ends of Immortui's hair lit up, and so did the red crystals on his back. Several beams of red energy shot out, hitting Quinn right in the chest. The markings on his chest tried to move in certain places, taking up the attack, but it was still hitting parts of his skin, and the sheer power was getting through to his body.

Quinn skidded across the ground, digging up the ground behind him, continuing to pile up, creating somewhat of a mountain behind him. As he continued to skid, a shadow portal had opened up from behind. Quinn had gone through and appeared on the other side.

'I didn't create that shadow portal... it must have been Arthur!' Quinn thought as he looked above and could see Arthur was still rounding up all of the Divine beings to stop them from interfering with the fight.

Now behind Immortui, Quinn raised both of his hands, and two large whirling tornadoes formed next to him. Throwing them out, they went toward Immortui. The tail ends ripped up the ground underneath as it went right for Immortui. They crashed into him, ripping him apart as best as they could.

Quinn then dashed forward, the dark purple-red aura spinning around his gauntlets as he charged in. When he got close, he could see the body of Immortui jumping out, he had pounced, and then threw his fist out, colliding right with Quinn's blood drill.

When it hit, though, the claw of Immortui grew incredibly large in size, just like the giant mist that he would produce. Quinn was knocked back again, and before he could recover, the head serpents fired out several lasers. It wasn't constant this time, but they were firing at him one at a time like bullets. They were hitting Quinn's body all over, and blood had spurted from his mouth.

The blood didn't drop to the floor, though, because Quinn swung his arm, throwing the blood out. It crashed into Immortui, and the small droplets were more powerful than they looked as they caused him to skid on the ground a couple of inches.

Suddenly, though, Immortui had turned his body into a red mist. He disappeared from right in front of Quinn and appeared right by his side, grabbing his head, slamming him onto the ground, creating a large crater underneath. His hair continued to fire at Quinn one after the other, but he was able to use his wings to block most of the attacks from Immortui.

Seeing this, Immortui leapt up in the air and started to spin his body. He traveled fast in the air, and with his spiked tail, he slammed it right onto Quinn. It was stuck in his blood wings that were now bleeding, having fallen down on them.

"You should know that my blood is dangerous by now!" Quinn shouted.

He controlled the blood from his wings and moved it, hitting Immortui again. He then opened his mouth and used the Shadow Blood Screech for a second time. The attack was emitted from his mouth, but it hit nothing but the air.

Once again, a large claw came slashing across Quinn's chest, the power of the red mist followed, making a giant mark. Blood spattered out of Quinn's body, and he quickly formed this into a sword. Grabbing onto it, he swung and deflected the second hit of the claw. He was ready for a third, but as he looked around, he was unable to see anything. Turning his head again, he saw several red beams of energy coming at him. With the sword in his hand, he swung them in place using his speed, stopping every single one of them.

"You put up a good fight, but you've lost," Immortui spoke.

Quinn didn't quite know what he meant, but when the beams of energy stopped, he could see no one at the end of it, but he could sense something strange behind him, the fact that he could sense nothing at all.

Turning his head, he could see Immortui; even in this form, he was producing his colourless ability. It had spread out, and at that moment and time, it had completely hit Quinn. With it, there was only one thing he could do.

[Shadow Lock!]

Just like before, the skill had given Quinn some time to think. He didn't know how much time he had, but he had actually used the skill on another before himself; he had used it on Arthur. Having placed Arthur in the Shadow Lock, the swarm of Divine beings that had been going after him had rushed in on the two down below.

He knew the Divine beings wouldn't be enough to deal with Immortui, but at this point, he needed anything that would just help him out in some way.

Using the Shadow Lock on himself, Quinn had disappeared. It would keep him busy for a short while, before he found some way to get into the Shadow Lock.

Entering the shadow space, Quinn went on his knees for a moment and touched his chest. His body was healing the wounds that had been made, but it still hurt. Damage was done.

"Every time I get this guy in the corner, and I think he's done, he just ends up getting stronger. Am I going to lose again, a third time… this is my final chance," Quinn said to himself. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Feeling hopeless in the fight once more, he looked up at Arthur, who was standing in front of him.

"Please… how am I meant to win this fight?"

****

****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.