Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2537  Full Potential unlocked.

Fighting with all of his shadow powers didn't work, fighting with the help of the blood being split around the Red space didn't work, nor did fighting with his armour. The Demon form, the form that everyone had worked so hard for him to get, now this wasn't working either.

Quinn had been putting up a good fight, and it was proven by the fact that Immortui had been pushed to the edge. To the point where he had transformed into a monstrosity.

"Those eyes of his, I can see, they hold no love for anyone," Quinn said distraught. "If he gets out, he will kill everyone with no second thought."

It wasn't just Immortui; Quinn also saw it with the other Celestials, but with them being so focused on their conditions, everything worked out, just as they stated the universe had balanced itself.

Yet where was the balance for Immortui? If he got out and did as intended, would the universe really do a great reset like Bliss claimed? Trying to start again?

When using the armour, Quinn had used all the different blood fists. Even absorbing his blood gave Quinn no power-up or options added to his system. The current Quinn he had reached his peak.

"Quinn," a voice said from in front of him.

Looking up, Quinn stared at Arthur, who was standing above him, his sword in his hand, and his large shadow wings still present. Even now, Quinn was in his demon form in the shadow space.

'Ah, right, this is Sil's creation, but could they speak? I saved him on instinct, and as a way to get the Divine beings to attack Immortui.'

"Unfortunately, due to the power that Immortui has, once I leave this shadow space, I will disappear. Remember I am not real. Which means it will be down to you to face him."

Quinn already knew that; he didn't need to be reminded. As he looked at Arthur, he looked towards his sword. He remembered how powerful it was. In the end, the sword had been given to Fex.

From what Quinn had heard, he spent some time with his son Andy helping with the Vampire Corps and had requested to be put into a deep slumber once again. This was before everyone's memories had been changed. Knowing Fex, the sword was most likely buried with him.

He was perhaps too worried it would fall into the hands of others, or didn't feel like it was his right to give it away.

The powerful sword that had been created from bloodstones of the 13 families. All of those that Arthur had to punish during his time. Even with Sil's powers, the sword still had those effects, but it would be gone within the colourless ability.

"Quinn, I can see you are looking at the sword," Arthur stated. "The sword which was created using the blood of the vampire families, and in turn, the sword has the ability of the vampire families.

"But you know, there is something else which has the blood of all the vampire families." Arthur stated. "The absolute blood control powers. The powers that you received and became a part of your body."

Standing up, Quinn looked Arthur in the face. "What are you getting at? Absolute blood control may have the power of all thirteen families, but that just gives one the power to control blood well; it doesn't give the abilities that the family holds."

"I am just stating the facts," Arthur claimed. "You have to remember, you are thinking of vampires and humans as the same thing. Do you not remember; there was a time where I did a lot of research into our origins.

"You see, the humans of today learn abilities from mutant cells in their body. But it wasn't like that in the past. Humans were able to learn all sorts of powers; of course, it was different from how they are used today, and the mutant cells had its advantages.

"Blood is everything to vampires, so much that our powers mix in creating a blood crystal. If the sword can have the abilities of the families placed into it, then why can't the same be done for a vampire?"

Quinn knew what Arthur was trying to get at, but it seemed impossible to him. "Even if the blood of the families runs through my body. No vampire has had more than one ability before."

Arthur smiled and started to shake his head. "The world is not as limited as you think. Immortui was able to create several beings through his power that are strong on their own. Even you yourself are thinking of yourself as a normal vampire.

"You are not a vampire, Quinn, and you are not less than Immortui. You were once the god of vampires, the ruler of blood. You are not below him but are at the same level as him.

"You have overcome everything in your path!" Arthur said as he lifted up the sword. "You have the power of the system. The power of equivalent exchange which has continued to make you grow! The human side of you controls the God-slayer power of the shadow, using your MC cells.

"However, your vampire side, you are not merely a vampire but a god, and what god is restricted by such things!"

Arthur then suddenly thrust the sword forward, and it had pierced Quinn in the chest. Its energy was turning into red blood particles, fading into the air. However, the sword had truly pierced his chest, and Quinn's blood started to pour out from him.

It was dark in colour. With it, Quinn started to cover his whole body with the red shadowy blood. Just like when he was a celestial, Quinn was doing the same now, creating a set of armour on himself out of his powers. Controlling the blood and controlling himself, his attacks, his movements, everything about him would be stronger, and due to his blood being mixed with the shadow, he would be somewhat protected from the colourless ability.

When Arthur stabbed him, it hit him as he knew what to do, and the words had opened his mind. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Quinn saw a dark red system screen pop up in front of him. It was the system screen; it opened wide, and the words on them were clear as day.

[You have realized the true value of the system]

[You have realized what it means to be a vampire]

[You have realized what it means to be a Celestial]

[You have realized what it means to be a god slayer]

[A new quest has been received]

[Defeat the Celestial of Death, Immortui]

[The blood within you activates]

[You have temporarily unlocked all abilities of the 13 families]

"Quinn, the powers of the shadow, the powers of the vampires, the strength of the humans, the strength of the system. Use it all and defeat Immortui."

At that moment, Arthur's body too started to fade into nothing but particles, and the whole world, the shadow space itself, was starting to fade.

****

*****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.