Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2538  Quinn's Overloading power

Quinn found himself in a crumbling shadow space. The entire world around him felt like it was collapsing, and parts of the shadow were disappearing, revealing a colourless sky and world beyond.

At that moment, Arthur was vanishing right before Quinn's eyes. Quinn had no place left to hide as the shadow space crumbled, but it didn't matter because it was his time to fight.

"Shadow space, cancel," Quinn commanded, twisting his hand, and the shadow completely disappeared, returning him to the battlefield.

The entire area had turned black and white with shades of grey. Lifelessness hung in the air, and Quinn could see Immortui still in his dreaded form in front of him.

When Quinn lifted his hand to examine his armour, he could still see the deep dark purple and red colours.

"This is just like the last time. The shadow body allowed me to be protected by the colourless ability. The shadow has the ability to slow down attacks. If the colourless power is treated like an attack, it's slowing that down as well. But this time, the shadow's power is a lot stronger compared to before. It's been mixed in with not only my blood aura but my blood itself. It's condensed and created an armour over my whole body."

Tensing up and making a fist, Quinn knew that with his current state, he could still fight, and much better than before.

Quinn rushed forward from his position, running straight toward Immortui. He threw a fist, not using blood aura, but pouring all his strength and power into the punch.

Immortui moved to the side, avoiding the attack, but Quinn's blow left a small scratch on his face. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

"I completely dodged the blow… how is this possible?" Immortui wondered.

Quinn continued to throw punches one after the other, and Immortui was dodging them bit by bit. However, each time, small scratches were appearing on his body.

"I'm clearly avoiding all of his hits, so how am I still getting hurt?" Immortui thought, finding it inexplicable.

Immortui decided to strike back, but as he did, Quinn gathered his blood aura into a condensed ball and threw it, hitting Immortui right in the chest.

"The blood aura is protected by the shadow as well, and there's one more trick!" Quinn thought.

As the blood aura hit Immortui, a giant explosion erupted, shaking the entire area and creating a cloud of dust and smoke.

At that moment, Quinn placed both hands on the ground. The explosion had knocked Immortui back, and he had stepped onto the ground, which started to glow. For just a moment, the trap effect had frozen Immortui.

The colourless effect had dissipated fairly quickly, including the trap, but it was enough time for Quinn to arrive. He thrust both of his fists forward, resembling tiger claws, and hit Immortui. A pulse of power vibrated in the air.

The pulsating blast was about to send Immortui flying, but before he did, he stretched out his hand, and purple-coloured strings, made with Quinn's blood, attached to Immortui's body. These strings were incredibly strong.

Quinn pulled Immortui forward and smashed his fist right into Immortui's head, driving him into the ground. Immortui gritted his teeth as he felt the punch; it was somehow stronger than before.

Quinn created another ball of aura and slammed it into Immortui's face, causing another large explosion. The ground underneath was further destroyed.

Immortui tried to claw back, but Quinn kept moving out of the way and hitting him. With each hit, they were growing more powerful. Each punch sent shockwaves through Immortui's body, breaking the ground and the area behind him.

Not only that, Quinn was getting faster, much faster. He avoided every single hit and continued to pummel Immortui, with each punch becoming more powerful. A punch to the stomach lifted Immortui off his feet, and blood spilled out of his mouth.

Immortui's blood sprayed into the air, but Quinn grabbed him with the strings once more, swinging him back. Quinn braced his feet and slammed his fist right into Immortui's stomach, pushing hard, and although he didn't pierce through, blood spilled all over the floor.

"The colourless ability of yours is your downfall," Quinn said as he threw Immortui to the ground. Immortui was in pain, struggling to get up. It was hard to imagine that just moments ago, he had been overpowering Quinn.

"I bet this has been your trump card in many fights before. But I realized you can't use your powers in this colourless space. Your red mist, your strength, all of it. You relied on this strong, powerful form of yours, thinking that it could best anything in the colourless space.

"But my power shields me from yours, and my strength, the strength of all the vampires, the human's Qi, and everything I have obtained, is much more powerful than yours."

Immortui realized that Quinn was right. Quinn wasn't affected by Immortui's strange power, and his attacks were somehow growing faster and stronger.

Noticing this, Immortui dispelled the colourless power, but the moment he did, he saw a thousand dark purple and red-coloured swords in the sky, all pointed toward him.

Quinn charged in, and Immortui attempted to blast him away with a mist attack using the serpents on his hair. However, the attack completely missed as Quinn disappeared. He reappeared right by Immortui's side, grabbing Immortui's arm and kicking him in the leg. At the same time, Quinn hit him on the top of his shoulder, sending him crashing to the ground.

Immortui tried to strike back, but Quinn moved out of the way, and one of the thousand swords crashed into Immortui's arm, exploding on the spot. Through the cloud of smoke, Quinn moved through the shadow and appeared right behind Immortui, grabbing the back of his head and throwing him back to the ground.

Letting go, several hundred of the swords homed in on Immortui and exploded one after the other. Quinn leapt up into the air and flew down through the sky, breaking several sound barriers. With so many successful hits, the momentum ability had grown incredibly fast. He crashed into Immortui, sending a pulse of power far and wide.

As Quinn's powerful strike resonated, it had a ripple effect across the surrounding planets, causing them to shift ever so slightly in space. The celestial bodies themselves were displaced by the force of Quinn's attack.

When Quinn directed his gaze towards the ground, he saw that Immortui's body had undergone a dramatic transformation. It was no longer in the same state as before. Instead, it appeared completely crushed, with blood splattered all over his battered form.

"You're still alive?" Quinn questioned, his eyes narrowing, as the thousand swords reappeared behind his back, poised to unleash the same devastating onslaught, only faster and stronger this time.

"You..." Immortui responded, blood dripping from his mouth as he lay on the ground. "You have the power to take on the whole universe. You have the power to not listen to anyone, and you're listening to them—the Celestials, the Ancient Ones!"

Quinn shook his head, his determination unwavering. "I was never listening to them. I don't care about their business, and I don't care about yours. The only thing I've ever decided to do is to protect the ones I care about. But you, Immortui, you decided to touch them, to hurt them. The only thing I've decided to do is to protect the ones I care about, and you are in my way."

Raising his hand, Quinn began to gather the blood from all around him, including the remnants of the shadow. It started to spin, forming into a colossal drill that grew larger and more menacing by the second. The swords that had been hovering in the air disintegrated, their fragments adding to the monstrous blood drill in the sky.

From all that had transpired, it had become clear that the only way to eliminate Immortui was to obliterate his entire body. Regular punches weren't going to be sufficient. Quinn resolved to channel all of his power and his own blood into this devastating final strike.

The blood that had been spilled from Immortui's wounds began to rise up, becoming an integral part of the blood drill. As it did, the drill started to glow and pulsate with an overwhelming and formidable power.

"Hahahaha!" Immortui laughed maniacally, as though possessed by a sinister force. "You have no clue, do you? You have no idea what will happen! What will happen if you kill me? If you do, you will lose everything!"

****

****

For updates for MVS and future works please remember to follow me on my social media below.

Instagram: Jksmanga

Discord: d.I.s.cord.gg/jksmanga

When news of MVS, MWS or any other series comes out, you will be able to see it there first, and you can reach out to me. If I'm not too busy, I tend to reply back.