Chapter 299 Finishing the game

After what they had just witnessed the whole group was silenced. Even Fex who was the closest there in terms of skill and speed felt like he would struggle at doing what Quinn had just done.

’That’s confirmed it, he was to be evolving to the next level, but how has he been able to grow so fast, and right in front of my eyes.’ Fex thought.

It was strange because Fex knew that Quinn wasn’t at the vampire noble class, they just had a certain feeling about them. He himself was very close to breaking through to the next stage. However, Quinn was a little strange, some of his skills, such as speed and strength were already at the vampire Noble level but he could tell he hadn’t evolved yet. Just how was this possible?

This was all because of Quinn’s unique situation, of having the system while being a vampire. Due to him being able to grow stronger by consuming different types of blood. It allowed his stats to go beyond that of a regular vampire.

"I’m going to go speak to the admin, the machine has to be broken." Someone from Zac’s group said.

The others were inclined to agree, this game was meant to be about blocking attacks and it looked like Quinn was attacking the machine himself.

"Looks like you are not so worried about revealing yourself then?" Vorden said.

"It’s not like I showed any of my abilities, besides I doubt anyone would believe their story and, do you think they would go around telling people a level 1 user did all this to them," Quinn replied.

One of the students who was already knocked out from the game on Zac’s side had gone to the game admin, who worked at the front, to see if the machine was broken. Zac knew it wasn’t the case but anything to stop this bet was a good thing in his eyes.

Another person from Zac’s team had started the game anyway, if it was broken they could always just stop and move to a different booth. But as soon as the game started it became clear that the machine wasn’t broken and was working just fine.

The students had expected the machine to be broken, the only way to complete the game like that, was to hit the target as soon as he saw it moving to count it as a block. Due to him thinking this, he was slightly unprepared and after just ten seconds the student was hit and out of the game.

There were now only two people left on Zac’s team.

Quinn walked up to the game once again and started. Zac was looking at him closely and so was Sam hoping to see another amazing display of skills. This time, there was no such thing and Quinn just blocked the upcoming attacks from the machine normally. There was a little bit of disappointment from both sides as the game had ended normally.

Quinn was frustrated after what had occurred last time, and to calm himself down he wanted to perform at his peak, after calming down a little there was no need, so he decided to play the game like normal.

The others soon realized once again how impressive this was. The game was set at level five, yet when Quinn was blocking the attacks, he made them feel like they were watching the game at level one, he blocked them all so easily.

Now that Quinn had passed Level 5 on the machine, the two remaining students had to pass it as well, otherwise, they would lose the game. Zac’s last teammate walked into the gaming area and had begun.

Before their team was full of confidence, always being the one in the lead, but now they had the added pressure that if they were to lose, then it meant they would lose the game. They were the current underdogs.

’How the hell did these crappy level ones put us in this situation!’ The student thought angrily as he was whacked in both the leg and head and was out of the game.

The only one left now was Zac. He clenched his fist and walked up to the gaming area. This was another reason why he had chosen this game. Simply because he had played it multiple times before, and felt like he was better than the average person. When playing on level five previously, there was always a fifty-fifty chance that he would pass it on his first go.

The game had begun, and Zac was fully concentrating on the targets coming towards him. He blocked the attacks with commitment, meeting them before they would fully reach their destination slightly. This meant he was getting hurt by the bars slightly but he didn’t care about that right now.

Not hesitating as he blocked every single attack, the sound of the game over was heard to him.

"Level 5 passed."

The cheering soon stopped, and the smile on Zac’s face started to disappear as they saw Quinn confidently walk to the stage once again. They all no longer saw Quinn as the weak level one, but instead as a monster at the game.

Zac wasn’t a religious man, but he started to pray to an unknown force hoping that something would happen. He knew he only had a ten percent chance of passing level six himself. If they were both to fail, then the game would be declared a draw and they could both walk out of this pretending nothing ever happened.

"Level 6 start."

Whack, whack, whack. The sound of the machine hitting against Quinn’s body was constantly being heard as he continued to block each shot. While doing so, Quinn was starting to have a bit of fun, imagining multiple enemies trying to attack him. The game was good to practice one’s reflexes but was useless for learning any skill.

There weren’t many opponents whose attack patterns would be as simple as this, and it also didn’t allow for one to practice attacking using their own skills. Still, Quinn was having a lot of fun and finally was starting to have a bit of sweat on him, as the timer had reached forty-five seconds the smile on his face grew bigger.

Seeing this, Zac already had his answer, Quinn was going to finish level six, and perhaps could even go beyond. If he wanted to do something he needed to do it now. Keeping his hand down by his side next to his waist, he opened up his palm and faced it towards the machine. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

He started to do a type of pulling motion and suddenly the top section of the machine looked almost still. Inside the machine, the mechanism was being widened up as it was held back by a strange force. Zac had the power of magnetism and was holding back a part of the machine.

Then using all his strength, he released as well as pushing forward causing the top section to swing out at a great speed. What he didn’t expect was the force to be too much, the added power of being held back, with a push of full force it had reached level 6 speed already, it caused the top part to fling off.

A loud crack was heard as the object disconnected from the machine and flew in the air.

"What the!"

Quinn managed to move out of the way, but at the same time had stepped out of the circle causing the game over screen to appear, but that wasn’t a concern right now, for the flying object was heading straight for Sam.

Both Vorden and Fex had predicted something like this would happen after noticing something strange and had already moved out of the way, but for Sam it wasn’t the same. He was too fascinated and focused on Quinn’s performance.

From where Quinn was he wouldn’t reach Sam in time so there was only one thing he could do.

"Flash step."

In an instant, Sam could see a strange style of footwork, causing Quinn to look like he almost instantly teleported from one place to another. Still, Quinn was a little far away, swinging out from his hip, he performed a roundhouse kick and knocked the flying object off to the side. It hit the wall and smashed into tiny pieces away from the others. Thankfully no one was hurt.

"Thank you," Sam said.

When saying these words, he looked at Quinn deeply, because in that brief moment he realized something. Both of those moves Quinn had displayed he felt like he had seen them before. The kick was one of the normal earth martial arts, however, it was performed so cleanly and fast. But the main thing that he was shocked about was the flash steps, he had seen only one person to ever perform it before.

The flash step that was performed by the player known as Bloodevolver.

’It couldn’t be him, could it?"

*****

For MVS artwork follow on Instagram: jksmanga