Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 382 The result of the figh

While dust had blocked everyone’s vision, Quinn had to act fast and there were more reasons for this than just one. Truthfully, he wanted to continue the fight but now when looking at his right hand, it had completely shattered. The skin had been torn off and the bones had fractured completely as well.

’The attack, what was that, did the blood mix in with the Qi?’ he thought. It was clear though that his body was unable to handle this power currently. With no protection from gauntlets whatsoever, Quinn’s fist had also taken Duke’s attack head on, which might have had something to do with it as well.

But this wasn’t the reason why he had to stop fighting, he had already used up his blood bank skill in an instant and his arm was already starting to heal on the spot. It was a lot of damage but this wound was nowhere near fatal and Quinn could continue on. That was of course, if it wasn’t for the fact that part of his suit had been destroyed in the punch as well.

The suit was designed to cover him from head to toe, there would be no gaps. The attack however, caused the suit to break which meant outside in the middle of the day, his skin was exposed to the sunlight. He was far weaker than he once was. Still, Quinn was a lot faster than a regular human, even with the sun outside. His stats had improved so much so that he was as strong as when he had first evolved.

The dust was a big bonus and while it was starting to settle Quinn was able to rejoin back with the others. Everyone was far too focused looking at the fight ahead to notice he wasn’t there and someone had returned. In fact, many of the students were jumbled up , as they would constantly move out of order, to get a better view of the fight. The teachers had no control over the students and it had become slightly chaotic as soon as the Night Demon appeared. When it started to get intense towards the end. They started to scramble in fear as objects and debris came flying their way.

Returning to the line, Vorden had found Quinn and could see him wearing his new gauntlets.

’Is he covering up an injury from the fight?’ Vorden thought.

It was a close guess but not quite. The gauntlets were covering part of his ripped uniform. Many of the other students had also drawn out their beast weapons, as some of the rocks from the fight had come out hurling towards their way, and they had used it to protect themselves. Although Nathan and the sergeants had done a good job in making sure the bulk of the flying debris didn’t hit anyone.

When the dust had settled, that’s when they finally saw it. Duke’s arm that had completely been removed.

"Alright, everyone!" Nathan shouted. "Back to your dorm rooms now! You are to stay inside until further notice!"

The students quickly did as they were told, while the others went to care for Duke. It was more than eventful that evening to say the very least. As Quinn was left with the others a smile appeared on his face, as he pictured the anger on Duke’s face.

’I didn’t get the level up I needed, but I gave Duke what he deserved.’

When returning to the room, Vorden went to check on Quinn’s arm but it had already completely healed and he seemed fine. Vorden wanted to lecture him, but he couldn’t help but also smile as he pictured Duke’s face.

Instead, he gave Quinn a high five. "Good job. He finally got a little payback." Vorden said. "But please don’t give me a heart attack like that again, or at least warn me beforehand."

For the rest of the night, Quinn was trying to figure out, just what had happened when he had used the Blood hammer. Somehow, he had used his Qi in the attack as well. Right now it was too powerful for his body to handle, but he knew that it was incredibly strong. If he had some way to control it better, then it would allow him to just get that bit stronger. He had to learn to control it enough to a point where his body could handle an attack at that level.

The problem was, how would he practice as this wasn’t something he could perform in the game. The Qi he could feel in the real world, didn’t quite register in the system as well. It was just different.

The rest of the day, the students were told to remain indoors, they were expecting some type of announcement to be made but it never came. Instead, the next day they were told to just continue lessons as normal. However, it was nearly impossible. The classes were filled with people talking about what happened and a dreaded rumor had been spread.

That Duke’s arm had completely gone. If his arm was simply detached from his body, the doctors would be able to do something and heal it back. But it turns out they were unable to find any trace of the arm at all, as if it was obliterated to pieces. With no regeneration ability, it was impossible for it to grow back.

A robotic arm could be used to replace it, but everyone knew for sure that for elemental users, their powers were channelled through their hands and legs. Missing a whole arm had significantly weakened his power.

The students who were told to go to the dungeon for sticking up for the Night Demon were now under the personal protection of Nate. He personally wouldn’t allow anything to happen to them. He had sent out an emergency report to Paul and all he could do now was wait for his return.

With the way Duke currently was, he was in no condition to try to go against General Nathan and the other sergeants. The problem was, from that day onward, the whole school felt divided, not many interactions were done between the first year and the second year camps and it was unlikely Paul would return before the school term had ended either.

Quinn was able to get his suit repaired. Luckily, Logan had ordered the crystals whenever he had seen them pop online, expecting this to happen at one point or another. It was a clear problem with the suit. It was only at the basic tier after all and was easily damaged, which would hamper his skills in the daylight.

It just made Quinn aware that he needed to get the ring made as soon as possible. The only problem was it required the Deathbat crystals from the red portal planet, so it might be a long wait until he received them.

He of course no longer went out at night as the Night Demon. Duke would send out his sergeants to be on the lookout every night including the teachers. Not only that, but there was no longer any need for the Night Demon. Quinn had successfully done his job in quelling nearly all serious cases of bullying happening around the school.

If the Night demon was strong enough to do that to a general, then a student would stand no chance. This was the thought in their heads. For the remaining two weeks, all Quinn could do instead was to continue to train in the VR centre to gain exp. With no one starting any more fights, it was even hard for him to fight normally. If he did, then he would be the one causing problems starting fights.

Thinking back to the fight with Duke, Quinn could tell that he had improved a lot. Never in his life would he have dreamed of being able to do something like that. He had a good feeling that if he was able to use his blood abilities and shadow abilities from the start, he might have won.

In the end, he had run out of time and was unable to level up. However, he had learnt a lot about his Qi, gained new weapons and learnt an entire new shadow skill in that time. He was now ready.

The first day of summer was right around the corner.

****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmangaFollow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com