Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 386 The strongist powers in one

FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Finally, it looked like the fifty or so earth users were tiring out. They couldn’t hold back a thousand or so powerful men forever. Although, Jack had never expected so little people to come face him. The problem with having a big army was not everyone was able to directly fight at the same time.

Sometimes in war, strategy was needed and Jack had planned to do this, but after seeing how little people there were, he decided against it and his plan seemed to be working as he began moving further up the island and opposing men had started to move back.

A special green beam came shooting out through one of the sand walls and managed to hit one of the Blade’s knights on the shoulder. However, although the attack was powerful and managed to knock the knight over, the attack itself seemed to have bounced off, going into the air and causing no damage.

On closer inspection, it looked as if a lot of the attacks were merely bouncing off the armour and it was also the reason why they were able to last for so long. It turned out that the ordinary-looking knight armour wasn’t so ordinary after all.

Still, it didn’t matter if the front row managed to move forward, because then suddenly, several large blue thunderbolts came shooting outward. It moved so fast that no one was able to react to it in time. As it hit the first person, the electrical power seemed to pass onto the next until the whole front row had collapsed and fallen onto the floor.

For a second, everyone on the battlefield had frozen.

One of Truedreams men, who was just behind the front row, quickly knelt down, as he went to check on his companion. He tried shaking him, hitting him, doing anything he could until he eventually pressed his ear against the person’s chest.

It stayed there for a while until...

"He’s dead..." the man said, then he turned and looked at all the others in the front row and none of them were moving either.

"What is going on!" Jack thought. "Isn’t that the Greylash’s power and a powerful one at that? Is the family head here? What are they doing on the island?"

But as the fifty or so men moved back into the jungle and headed back to the castle, a single large old man wearing a crystal chest piece and boots stepped out from the jungle and onto the sand. His right hand was completely covered in blue lightning racing up and down, from his shoulders, all the way to his fingertips.

Knowing what just happened, many of the men were a little stiff and unwilling to move. There wasn’t a single person on that island that was wearing armour below that of the king tier, yet still, they had been taken out with a single attack.

"My name is Hilston Blade, I’m the leader of the Blade family." The old man said. "The reason why I am telling you this is because you should all at least know the name of the person who will be taking your life."

As Hilston, the old man stomped his foot in a certain direction. In the next instant the sand that was below them had been hardened and turned into spikes, piercing many of them. With his other hand, he fired more lighting bolts.

"What are you all doing? He’s only one man. Kill him!" Truedream shouted.

Of course, the army had the confidence of having multiple people on their side, and some of them were filled with anger at their fallen comrades. As they came close to him though, they could suddenly feel it getting hotter. An extreme heat was being emitted from the old man’s body.

Throwing out a kick with one of his legs, a vertical line of flames had come out of it, knocking all the people away who had come close. As for those in the sky, they continued to be shot down by thunderbolts.

"What is this, how is this possible?" Jack said, as he continued to stay at the back. "He has earth power as strong as the military, fire power and lightning power from the other big families. The only one he is missing is from the Bree family. Not just that, this level of power is not normal. Nothing like this was recorded in the fight against the Dalki. How has a secret like this been kept for so long?"

At this moment, Jack was starting to panic a little, but he still had plenty of men left alive, and as long as they continued to fight, he was sure that eventually all of the old man’s MC cells would be used up. Every person in the world had a limit, and this included Truedream himself. The stronger the power that was stored inside him, the less powers he could store at a time.

"ROARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!" Suddenly though, a loud roar that spread throughout the island was heard. It had interrupted Jack in the middle of his thoughts completely.

"Ah, my little pet, it took you a while." The old man smiled.

The sound of something heavy flapping was heard and then a large shadow overcasting the whole beach was seen. As they all looked up in the sky, they could only see what could be described as a...

"Drra dra Dragon!" One of the men shouted.

In the air, a large Dragon the size of an aircraft was seen hovering about. Brown and gold in colour. Of course, Dragon’s were nothing but mere legends and myths; this was something that only looked like a dragon.

"If it isn’t a dragon." Jack thought. "Then that means it’s a beast"

As it landed on part of the beach, the whole ground slightly shook by its sheer weight. And anything that was below its feet was crushed. The men were now split between dealing with Hilston and the Dragon.

With a single sweep of its tail, men were sent flying back, knocked into the ocean. Then they all quickly realised something, none of their attack with weapons or abilities could do any damage to it at all.

"Sir!" The large man standing by Jack’s side shouted. "We have to leave, I’m telling you, that’s most likely a beast that is at the Demon level. I have never seen something so powerful before, and I have no clue how he was able to keep one under his control."

Then suddenly something had clicked in Jack’s head. The man must have also been using the Bree family’s power. That was how he was able to control the dragon. All four of the world’s strongest powers were in a single man’s hands.

He didn’t know how, but now he understood why the others were afraid to touch the Blade family. If this was the power of one person. Imagine a whole army of people with the same set of powers.

"Get the teleporters ready, we’re getting out of here." Jack whispered under his breath, out of anger.

Anyone of the other big families could have said more than a warning. They could have at least hinted why the Blades were so powerful. Instead, they decided to keep it to themselves.

Jack then noticed that some of the men who were carrying the teleporters had already opened it themselves and were starting to escape, heading back to the Truedream city.

"Come on!" Jack shouted. "Quickly."

Kenny quickly placed the teleporter on the ground, and the three of them without wasting any time were ready to jump through, but before doing so. Jack had pulled out a small little controller and pressed a button. A beeping sound could be heard, coming from all of the teleporters they had brought with them.

The three then quickly jumped into the teleporter and soon after, each of the ten teleporters exploded.

"That bastard, he left us all here to die. He blew up all the teleporters. How are we meant to get away now!" The men shouted and screamed.

They knew they were hopeless and their family head that they had pledged loyalty to, without a second thought had abandoned them all.

"Curse you Jack, I hope you die."

As the man said that, he was lifted by the head and his body turned around, looking behind Hilston, all that could be seen were the bodies of his dead comrades. Not a single person was now alive.

"Don’t worry. I shall grant your wish. We never let people get away." Hilston said, and with a single flick, the man’s head twisted and his body fell to the floor.

A few days later, a report had come in for the Supreme commander. Stating that Truedream city and all of its inhabitants, had been wiped off of the face of the earth.

*****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga