Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 389 A Reward

Wendigo, it was a word that hadn’t been mentioned in a while and it had long shifted to the back of Quinn’s mind, but suddenly all of the bad thoughts came rushing out his head as the system had said those words. The wendigo was one of the evolution’s a ghoul could evolve into.

It was one of the options that Peter was able to evolve into but instead, he turned into a Wight.

They were similar to Wights with their amazing healing capabilities and strength, but at the same time vastly different. They showed no signs of intelligence and were unable to speak any words. They were detached from any emotion, only feeling one thing, hunger. Their hunger was far greater for flesh than a Ghoul or a Wight. While they did it out of survival, the Wendigo’s did it out of addiction.

They were one of the very few evolutions that, when created, would be completely detached from their creator. They could be killed without any type of ramifications since the connection was no longer there. Which made them perfect for testing situations like this.

"How strong is that thing!" Quinn hurriedly asked the system, knowing full well Vorden didn’t have many abilities.

"It’s hard to tell just from looks. It’s unlike a Wight that gets stronger as its master gets stronger due to their connection. A wendigo will only be as strong as its master was when it evolved, and then further gaining strength depending how much it has eaten. Meaning it all depends on who created it and what happened after."

With no clue on what to do, or how to help, it looked like Vorden was on his own with this one.

Stepping back, Vorden readied himself as the Wendigo started to move closer to the middle of the room.

’Once it goes for that arm, it will be my chance to attack.’ Vorden thought.

The Wendigo carried on moving and just as it reached the center it didn’t stop; it had completely stepped over the arm, ignoring it completely. In a second, all of Vordens hopes were dashed.

"Of course, why would it go for that manky old thing when it has a freshly made burger right in front of it."

Although it was large in size, perhaps it wasn’t powerful, was Vorden’s next thoughts, but suddenly, the wendigo leaped towards Vorden with its long clawed arms, A roll was made at just the right time dodging the attack, but as soon as he gained his footing another swipe was made.

Activating the white sword had allowed his body to move just a tad bit faster and he had blocked the attack. Still, his whole arm was flung to the side. Quickly switching back to Black blade, Vorden swung down hard at the second claw that was coming at him, managing to pin it and hit it to the ground.

After practising a little with the swords, Vorden realised that the pair had a very unique active skill. Called "Yin and Yang." Although both weapons had an active skill, while using one he was unable to use the other.

When using the yang blade, his whole body got a speed boost allowing him to use his sword skills and movements quickly. When using the Yin blade, although his speed was back to normal, his power was greatly increased and now he could tell he was able to match it in power.

Still there was one problem. The Wendigo was both faster and stronger than his natural self. Making it difficult as he quickly needed to switch between the two as he did then. This was not only taxing for his mind but for his body as well.

Lifting up the balck blade, he quickly activated the white blade’s power and started to move back, avoiding the next set of swipes that came his way.

"Will you please give me a break!" he shouted, as the Wendigo carried on coming at him like a wild animal.

There was only one thing left that he could do. He threw the black blade up in the air, while using the white blade to dodge the fast attacks, this meant that now his other hand was free, and he was able to use the spirit spear. Throwing it outward, it had stabbed the Wendigo in the stomach. It caused no pain, but that wasn’t what Vorden was aiming for.

The beast was greatly slowed and it was at a speed that Vorden could now match. As he dodged the next set of attacks, he did a little spin and jumped for the black blade in the air. As soon as he did that, he activated the black blade’s power and swung both blades right at the wendigo’s head, cutting it clean off.

It’s body quickly fell to the floor and Vorden was huffing and panting greatly. His breathing was completely off and his chest was hurting. The constant switching was also messing up with his body’s natural rhythm, even causing his heart to misbeat in some areas which was extremely dangerous. Any longer and he could have been in serious trouble.

"I don’t know if that boy is lucky or just has really good instincts." The system said. "If he was to cut off any other part of the Wendigo’s body, it would have almost healed on the spot, prolonging the fight. Cutting off the head is the only way to kill an undead."

"And you don’t think he could have used that advice during the fight!" Quinn said back, annoyed at the useless system.

"The fight was far too intense to allow any distractions. Telling you, to tell him would have made his chances of survival decrease."

While Vorden was still holding his chest in the white room, there was one thing he was sure about. If he needed to fight another one of those things, he wasn’t sure if he could make it out alive.

The robot once again started to move over to the Wendigo’s body. It pointed one of its hands towards the body, and after a few seconds that hand had completely transformed into what looked like an oval shaped canon. Out from it, a large lazer like substance was shot. It wasn’t harming the room in any way but as it touched the body, parts of it quickly turned into ash.

’I guess I did the right thing to not try to fight that thing.’ Vorden thought as he gulped.

As soon as the whole thing was turned to ash, like a vacuum it started to suck up the ashes until there was no trace of the wendigo left at all. The same process was then done with the rag and arm as well. The robot then moved back towards the centre and finally made an announcement.

"Trial one has been completed, would you like to continue onto the next one?" The robot asked.

"Hell no!" Vorden answered immediately. "Get me out of here."

"Trial put on hold. Rewards shall be distributed." The robot once again opened up the tray on its body, only this time, a red round shaped pill was placed on it.

The door had yet to open as Vorden looked around, and it looked like nothing would happen until he took the pill.

"Damn it!" he thought as he picked up the pill, but at the same time the steam sound of the door opening behind him was heard. He only needed to take the reward and not actually consume it.

He was never happier to leave such a place, and not waiting a second, bolted out of the room. When he left, the door behind closed once again. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

"Vorden are you hurt anywhere?" Layla said, running up to him and looking around.

"I’m fine, that thing didn’t even put a scratch on me." He replied.

"It did look like you were having a hard time in there, but I’m just happy I wasn’t the one that caused your death." Logan said.

"Do you mind if I take a look at what that robot gave you?" Quinn asked.

Vorden showed Quinn the small little red ball pill and Quinn used his inspect skill to see what it was.

[Inspect]

[A special Pill designed by Richard Eno]

[It will permanently increase one’s strength]

The description was short and for a second Quinn had to read it again. He had never heard of any type of pill that could do such a thing before. But now what he was more worried about was if there were any side effects to such a thing and if anyone could use it.

"Do you know what it is?" Vorden asked.

"Kinda." Quinn replied. He decided it was time to explain further how his vampire powers worked. It didn’t make sense to hide it any longer and it was only making things more difficult. Just because they knew it was a system wouldn’t change a thing.

So he proceeded to tell them about how the system and his vampire powers worked. Now they all knew how Quinn was able to get stronger and why he had known so much information about things. The only thing he still kept a secret was the AI system related to the system. Even he didn’t know much about it and that would just complicate things.

"Anyway, when using my inspect skill, it says it can permanently increase a person’s strength. Honestly, it sounds similar to when I consume an A type of blood, but I don’t know if it will even work or if there are any side effects."

Vorden thought about it for a while before giving his answer.

"I think it’s best if I keep it for now, maybe we will find more information on it, or when we get back, Logan can do more research." Vorden repleid.

Finding out about the effects of the pill had only made Quinn more interested in what the green liquid in the syringe was.

"Do you think we could start the trial again?" Quinn asked.

The others turned and suddenly looked at him like he was a type of mad man, while Logan seemed to be the only one on the same wavelength.

"Listen him out, right now we have no way of getting out of here." Logan said. "Even after using all these terminals, none of them open the doors out to this building. The only thing we have seen though, is stranger things enter it through that room. Who knows if there are more creatures, we might even be in a large facility, but we still need to find a way to get out of here."

Quinn also wanted to go and inspect the blood on the walls, to see if it really was from a vampire or human.

"I should be fine, if it’s like before and a wendigo comes out, I’m confident I should be able to beat it fairly easily." Quinn replied. "And this time I’ll stay in the room to see if there’s anything I can do from the inside."

The others didn’t like it, but honestly there was no better option. Quinn prepared himself before entering and had chosen to go in the same door. The other doors were unknown variables. Most likely they all did the same thing, so they could run six different tests at the same time, but just to make sure it was safe, he chose to pick the same room. Here they at least knew a little bit of what could happen.

"Open the door!" Quinn said and Logan pushed the button, allowing the door to open.

As Quinn stepped into the room, the robot was already there, waiting for him. The door behind him then closed and the robot started up once again.

"Resuming trials, trial two will now begin."

*****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga