Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 390 Tiral 2

Entering the room, an unexpected message had occurred, but the door behind Quinn closed instantly. Judging from what happened with Vorden, now there was nothing he could do until the trial was complete.

"Did that thing just say trial two?" Layla asked. "And not trial one?"

They all thought the same thing. When entering, they thought the robot would recognize Quinn as a new subject. Starting the process all over again from the beginning.

Seeing that this wasn’t the case, Logan naturally tried looking for answers. He placed his hand on the terminal, trying to communicate with it one more time. Machines, robots, they all followed a set of code, instructions, rules.

However, he was only met with disappointment. Once again reminded about how this strange computer seemed to have a mind of its own. Doing things out of the ordinary.

Quinn was unafraid, confident in his new skills and newfound power. He was able to get a good gauge on the Wendigo’s strength watching Vorden, and if he was to face something a little harder, he knew he could get through it.

Instead, multiple thoughts were running through his head, thinking about how they could get out of this place. What exactly was this place being used for.

Looking at several of the blood marks, Quinn activated his level three inspect skill. A little window popped up above each one of the blood, giving out little bits of information.

What had surprised him a little was how the blood marks were a mixture of human as well as an unknown blood type. If he was to take a guess, the unknown blood type would belong to the vampires. They didn’t have a set blood type like the humans did, but were still red in colour all the same.

Looking at the information, there wasn’t much detail. Only what letter the blood type was, as for the ones he couldn’t recognize, it just came up with several question marks.

Before the trial would start just like last time, the robot opened up its little tray from its chest piece and revealed the green solution.

[Inspect]

[????]

[A 10 percent increase in all stats. Once consumed. Will last one hour]

Although the inspect skill once again couldn’t tell where the green liquid had come from, seeing that message caused something to click in Quinn’s head. The effect he was looking at now was the same effect when he had consumed the Dalki’s green blood. It couldn’t have been a coincidence that the liquid in the syringe was green in colour, on top of having the same effect. There was a high chance that it was Dalki blood.

’Are the vampires and the Dalki really related after all?’ Quinn thought, but there was another confusing thing. The system had seen Dalki blood before, so why didn’t it register it. Instead, it just came up with question marks.

"Will you be taking the solution for this trial?" the robot said.

"Yes," Quinn replied.

"What are you doing, Quinn!" Vorden shouted, hearing his answer. "It a risky thing, and maybe the robot won’t start the trial until you actually take the thing. We can’t guarantee it will be like the rewards."

But Quinn had another theory, he was 90 percent sure this was exactly the same as the Dalki blood. When he consumed the blood before there were no side effects and only positives. The way he was now, it was unlikely he would die by such a thing, and it was clear they were testing this out on vampires and possibly humans as well.

They wouldn’t just outright give them a solution that would kill them.

Taking the syringe from the robot, he waited for some type of response. But nothing came, which meant Vorden was right. It wanted him to take the syringe before the trial would start.

"Sorry Logan, looks like I’m going to have to find some other way to get you this stuff." Digging the needle into the top of his thigh, the green liquid slowly injected into his body.

A strange tingling sensation could be felt inside travelling through, it started to spread all over as if his body was on fire. It reminded him a little of the sensation he had felt at the hospital after consuming too many blood types. Finally, it stopped, but his body felt fresh.

[Status]

After looking at his stats, a big smile appeared on his face. It was a temporary buff in strength, but since he had hit his limit, he wasn’t too sure if it would have worked, but looked like the effects were still there as all of his stats had increased by 4.

"Trial two will now begin." The robot said as it moved back and allowed for two objects wrapped in rags to fall to the floor. There was no need to check what was underneath those rags as they all already knew.

[Inspect]

[A severed human arm]

"Not too much of a surprise.." Quinn said.

Shortly after, two more larger objects had dropped from the ceiling, and they had already seen these once before. They were the Wendigo’s that Vorden had faced only moments ago.

"I’m glad I could leave the room," Vorden said. "I would have been dead otherwise."

It wasn’t because Vorden was by any means weak. Just at this moment, he felt so, due to not having any of his abilities to copy from. He was thankful he had at least the two swords to defend himself.

"Where are those ugly things coming from?" Cia asked.

"She has a point," Logan replied. "How many of those Wendigo’s do they even have? Is there a breeding ground somewhere of some sorts, maybe a storage room where they are all kept in? On top of that, how long have they been up there, judging by the "food" They are dropping with it, it’s been a long time since anyone has looked after this place.

"I hate to say it, but this facility might be incredibly dangerous. Once Quinn gets out of there, we should do our best to leave this place and stop playing this robot’s silly games.

"I hate when I have no clue what’s happening, and I can’t even think straight." Logan’s mind had been rattled by this whole experience. The excitement he initially had was now completely gone, and he just wanted to leave. Usually, machines, gadgets and robots would be his safe haven, but right now, he felt extremely uncomfortable.

Perhaps at a later time, when they understood more, he would be happy to come back.

Quinn stayed in the centre not moving from his spot, he had all of his beast gear on and that included his new gauntlets. They had been equipped before he had even travelled through the teleporter in case they ran into trouble the second they arrived.

The two, Wendigo’s started to get up from their crouched positions and in a split second both of them lept straight forward towards Quinn.

’Your aggressive nature makes you all a little bit too predictable.’

They were both quite a bit taller than himself, but when they lept they were slightly crouched like a beast making them level with his shoulders.

At just the right time, Quinn jumped up avoiding a pair of long arms and kicking the others away. Now being slightly above them, on the way back down he grabbed them both on top of their heads. He felt like he could have quite easily dealt with them, and if he wanted to he could have crushed their skulls. But there was something he was eager to try out.

[Activate skill: Thunder coat]

Quickly, the blue lines running through his gauntlets started to light up. They followed from his elbow all the way down to his fingertips. In nearly an instant, a blue electric discharge came out covering both of his gauntlets. The power was passed through onto the wendigos shocking thier bodies. They immediately fell to the floor and started to shake uncontrollably.

"It managed to stop them completely. They were quite physically powerful. But the attack doesn’t seem to have done much damage?" It was a good opponent to test the active skill on, and so far Quinn was pleased, but still, he had no idea how this would affect even stronger opponents.

Using all of his strength, Quinn stomped on the first Wendigos head. Splattering it to pieces. It was done so easily it was as if there was no skull at all. He then did the same to the other while it continued to shake about on the floor, and now their bodies were no longer moving.

Cia seeing how easy and quick Quinn had dealt with the things turned her head to look at Vorden. ’Was he just weak?’ She thought, but then remembered how quick she could see him moving on the camera, that couldn’t be the case and he had even used her spirit blade.

It just meant the person she was watching now, was incredibly strong.

’I’m glad he’s on our side, I would hate to be his enemy.’

[A wendigo has been killed]

[400 exp gained]

[400 exp gained]

[First time kill bonus reward]

[4000 exp ]

[Current exp]

[29690/51200]

’There’s still a long way to go, they’re just not strong enough.’ Quinn thought.

After the robot had finished cleaning up the mess, it did the same as last time.

"Trial two completed, please take your rewards."

This time, two red pills were displayed, one was the exact same one that Vorden had, as for the other, it looked the same but gave a different effect.

[Will permanently increase the user’s Agility.]

After taking the two pills, the robot started again...

"Would you like to continue onto trial three?"

Although Quinn thought it might be a good idea to continue on playing around with the trials, he didn’t know how long they would go on for and if it would even result in them leaving the place.

"No," Quinn replied.

The door had instantly opened, and in that brief second, Quinn had activated his boots, giving him a ten percent increase in speed. With his stat increase, the strange green substance and his boots active skill, his speed was now beyond fifty points taking him to the next level.

In the short time, using all his strength, he picked up the strange-looking robot, and ran as fast as he could out of the door. As if everything was playing in slow motion in his eyes, he could see the door already closing, but it was far too slow for him now.

As the door shut behind him, Quinn had the robot safely placed above his head.

"This should be a nice little gift, huh?" Quinn said. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

******

For MVS artwork and updates follow on instagram and facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the webtoon you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga