Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 401 A new classroom

Seeing Layla get dragged off like that was an unexpected outcome that they didn’t plan for, But Logan knew this might be the case. There was a good chance that more unexpected things like that would happen. He hated the fact that they were in the unknown right now and he had no information about anything.

This wasn’t his way of planning or doing things. Not like this. More than ever he constantly was put on the spot , and needed to make decisions instantly before obtaining all the facts.

However, he was least worried for Layla out of everyone else. For she was the only one that was actually a subclass of a vampire. Her identity was harder to be revealed compared to the rest of them.

A single ring of a large bell was heard, signifying that it was time for classes to begin. One ring, and then no more. The group now having lost Layla were making their way through the school halls, but they were now completely empty, void of students as soon as the bell had rung. The excitement and chatter that was filled everywhere just seconds ago had stopped.

"Hey, hey, isn’t this bad?" Cia said. "What are we going to do about Layla?" She asked while the group continued going down the hallway as if they were looking for something.

Logan for the most part was concentrating on the information his little spiders were giving back to him. Right now he was looking for some type of server room where they kept the school files. As long as they had this and he could add their names on to the list, they would be okay. Even if they got into trouble for being late to the class.

"Don’t worry about Layla, she’s a strong one, she’s more skilled than you know." Vorden replied, ’And so are you.’ He said in his head, knowing full well that the two of them were ex agents of Pure.

Finally, it looked like Logan had found it, although to alter it, he would need to use his own ability directly. They carried on walking through the halls until they eventually found the room that they were looking for. It was unguarded, unlike the facilities at their own school. Perhaps it was because the vampires trusted each other, or they were too scared to do anything drastic like this.

Logan entered the room by himself, while Vorden and Layla continued to stay outside on guard. They looked around, but it really did seem like not a single person was late for their classes or were scanning the hallways

The silence made it a little awkward between the two of them until eventually, Cia decided to break it.

"Hey Vorden, do you remember who I was, you know, before the memory loss?"

As she asked the question, flashing memories appeared in his head, of all the strange advancement she had made towards him and all the compliments as well. Maybe Raten enjoyed them, but Vorden certainly did not.

"You were... a confident girl." Vorden replied.

Meanwhile, Logan was in the room, which was dark inside and filled with red Led lights. There was a large terminal, one of the likes he had never seen before. This caused him to slightly hesitate after what had happened at the science lab. ’They can’t all be like that right. If I can’t do this, then we’re going to have to change everything.’

Placing his hand on the machine, he waited a few moments, his heart thumping loud and his palms slightly sweating, but after a few seconds, a smile appeared on his face. The machine was listening to him.

After gathering information from the machine, Logan found that there weren’t many students in the school at all. Altogether there were around five hundred students and that included the other buildings as well. The other thing he found strange was there seemed to only be a single year group.

It was strange indeed, but the computer only had information on the school and didn’t have the reason why it was like the way it was. Hopefully soon they could find out. At first, Logan was going to add them to the class with the least students, but it turned out nearly every class had a small number of students. Going up to twenty at most.

The computer system was also linked to the other systems around the campus, so Logan also altered the information on the other computer as well for Layla’s sake.

"And done." Logan said.

Exiting out of the room, it was time for them to find their classroom, which was the classroom D. The halls were split into different letters depending what side they were on and eventually they had finally found it. No longer could the three of them talk about certain matters, and they would just have to find as much information as they could on their own for now.

Before they even were able to step into the room though, a female voice was heard.

"Are you going to come in or stand there all day!" She could tell people were standing outside.

Entering the room first was Logan, with Cia and Vorden behind them. Looking around the room, the female teacher could be seen standing at the front, in front of a digital display, while all the students were sitting in their seats that went diagonally up in each row, similar to a cinema.

Two of the students in the class noticed who had just come in. It was the two students who had helped them get here, Snow and Fred.

’Whoa, they really didn’t listen to us, there mega late.’ Fred whispered.

’I know, I wonder what the..."

"Stop talking!" The teacher shouted as she flicked her finger and threw out what looked like a little red bullet that managed to hit Snow right between the eyebrows. His head was flung backwards, and he had fallen off his chair.

The teacher then turned around to look at the three in the classroom.

"Now, who are you three?" She asked.

"We are students of this class." Logan replied as he bowed down. "Sorry we are late!"

The other two quickly did the same and apologized as well. "Sorry we are late!"

"It looks like you have manners." The teacher said, "but I’m afraid you have made a mistake, all the students are already in my class, the list has been checked and everyone on the system is here and present. It would be best if you found your real class and let them punish you."

"Is it possible you made a mistake, miss?" Logan said.

Hearing the student say this, many of the students gritted their teeth together, some felt like ducking underneath their desk in fear that the teacher was going to explode. They had all heard the rumors of how strict teachers were, and especially about this new one.

She looked at the three carefully, and out of all of them, she could hear the heartbeat of the young girl the loudest, it was clear that she was frightened.

"Very well, I shall check again, but let me tell you, I am thorough and can’t remember the last time I made a..." But the teacher decided to stop herself there before continuing.

As she went to her computer system, the three and the entire class waited in silence, and just like Logan had said, there were three names she hadn’t recognised before added.

’I’m sure, there weren’t this many students in the class when I got the schedule this morning. Did they shift around the student’s last second, maybe?’ She thought.

Leaving her computer she walked over to the three, not wanting to admit that there was a chance she had possibly made a mistake she said... "It seems like there has been a last second shift in students from the other classes and no one cared to inform me. But due to me being wrong and you being late, I have decided not to give you any punishments please take a seat."

There weren’t many spare places left in the class, so the three of them had to sit separately from each other. Cia sat next to a couple of girls, Logan sat near the back next to a large boy and Vorden decided to sit next to the two they had met this morning, Snow and Fred.

With everything done, it was time for the real class to begin.

"Alright everyone, since three people were late, I have decided to start the class from the beginning again." She said. There were no complaints or moans made from any of the students. She walked up to the digital display and wrote out her name on the board as she continued to speak.

"Now, as a lot of you may know, I’m a new teacher that has decided just to start this term. I’m sure you have heard many things surrounding my family and events, but I want you to forget all of that. You are my students and I will do my duty that has been asked of me. All of you may call me..."

Moving to the side allowing the class to see the screen, written out on the digital display were the words, S I L V E R.

"Silver." She said, with the plain straight face she always had.

***** Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga