Chapter 448 Tell me why?

When asked about whether or not Quinn would be up for some training, Quinn didn’t hesitate to say yes. The reason being he knew he needed to get stronger. Facing Edward opened up his eyes a little. There was more to getting stronger than just improving his stats. Even if he was faster, more powerful and had more stamina, these things couldn’t replace skill.

On top of this, the higher his stats were currently getting, the less of an effect the increase was having when comparing them to the strongest of vampires. This was always going to be the case, but he didn’t realise it would become apparent so soon.

For example, when Quinn first started, he had five strength, when he became a vampire his strength had increased to ten. His power had increased by double with only five points extra. However, if his strength was at fifty, and his points increased by five again, it didn’t quite have the same effect. His strength would only marginally increase, and it didn’t have the same effect.

All of the stronger vampires had high stats to begin with, so a few points of difference here and there didn’t do much. It was all about skill and abilities. Edward managed to face both Quinn and Peter and even Vincent, the system, had said Edward was a strong and skilful vampire knight.

Of course, he wouldn’t decline such an offer.

Before they would start their training, Edward decided that he would give them a tour around the castle. The reason he felt like doing this, was because he thought it was only right to show the future leader what his castle would look like. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

While showing the two around the castle, Edward started to feel a little embarrassed. Most of the rooms, if not all of them, were covered in dust, and it looked like they had been emptied. It was as if not a single soul had ever even lived in the castle.

Apparently most of the castle was filled with just bedrooms. Edward explained that most of the families had a long history. So they had many family members that were closely related that would often live within the castle.

However, this wasn’t the case for the tenth. So that’s why most of the rooms remained empty even after he had left. Carrying on the toor, there seemed to be a research room and a library, amongst other things.

Looking at all the empty space and thinking about such a large castle being completely empty, Quinn felt like if he was to live here, it would have been an incredibly lonely place to be.

Eventually, while looking around, they came across a large door arching door that was just as big as the entrance. It was stationed near the main bedroom and had a strange symbol on the front of it. The symbol was in a circle looking shape that had several patterns running on the outside. Inspecting it closely, it looked as if it had been carved and the lines had a blue glow to them, similar to the crystals.

The door stood out compared to the rest of the places they had managed to see so far.

"What’s behind there?" Quinn asked curiously, since Edward decided not to show them the inside of it for some reason and started to walk right past.

"That would be the previous lord’s storage room." Edward replied. "I didn’t mean to offend you, it’s just that I don’t have access to what is in that room. Remember the weapons that you saw on display? How I said they were replicas. Well, the real ones are kept behind here. And the only person who can enter or has access to that room, was Vincent."

Rather than a storage room. What Quinn was hearing in his mind was a room full of treasures.

"You already have access to the items in the storage room." The system suddenly said. "Everything that is in here is accessible in the shop. When creating the system I wished for there to be limitations, you see. I didn’t want whoever got their hands on the book to have access to everything at once. I wanted the user to grow and learn, so in return for collecting the ingredients, the item will be transported from here to the system. Defeating the beast required for the weapons would make them not get ahead of themselves."

"The idea was that with the items that had been gathered, they could be used to create the weapons again, if need be in the future. However, I never expected you to reach this spot here right now. Unfortunately, there is no way for me to open the storage room door. If I could, there would be many items that we could use to help free Fex."

Hearing this, Quinn was more interested in how the book had fallen into his hands than ever.

"So, how did my family even get the book, I remember you said that if I came to the castle, you would tell me everything? I think I deserve to know." Quinn asked.

There was a moment of silence before the system eventually replied.

"I think it will only distract you from your current goal. Once everything is over and dealt with, then I will explain. Not just why your family has the book, but why I left the tenth castle and how it is all linked."

It wasn’t the answer he was looking for, but it was a better answer than he had expected and the system was right. Such an important matter could quite possibly distract him and now wasn’t the time for that.

With the tour over, Edward was ready to start the training with the two of them. After that they would need to form a plan on how to save Fex.

They had returned back down to the first floor, the reception area. This was because it was the biggest area in the castle that was mostly empty, void of objects being hit or destroyed.

But before the training could begin, Quinn felt a burning sensation in his chest.

"Are you okay?" Edward asked, concerned something was happening.

But it wasn’t a bad feeling, this was something Quinn had felt before. "They’re here." Quinn said.

Just then, a knock at the door was heard.

"Sir Edward, are you inside!" A young voice shouted. "We tried going to your house, but there was no one in. We were wondering what’s going on.... Hello!"

"Is that Timmy?" Edward thought, recognising the voice. "Go ho.."

Lifting his hand, Quinn gestured for Edward to stop as if he wanted to say something. "You can let him in. My friends are with them as well."

As the door started to open wide, Timmy on the outside was getting excited. He had only seen the castle and had never even been this close. It was only due to the encouragement and being with the others that he felt like he could knock and touch the door, and now they were being let in.

Whatever was happening, he didn’t want this dream to end. When the doors finally opened, he was greeted with the sight of not just Edward, but two unfamiliar faces that didn’t look much older than himself either. One of them when looking at them had a smile on his face.

"You guys look good." Quinn said. This whole time he had a fear that something might have happened to them. Although he knew Layla was okay. He wasn’t sure about everyone else. So it was a relief to see that none of them were injured or hurt.

"Boy, do we have some things to tell you." Vorden said, as he walked over and placed his arm around Quinn’s head, bringing him in closer. "Hey is it just me, or did you get taller and more handsome? Am I right, Layla?"

Hearing this, Layla’s face started to get hot, and she turned away, but couldn’t help glancing and looking at Quinn’s face. Once again, it had changed slightly, and he did look more mature and handsome than before.

"Peter, I’m sorry I couldn’t help you in the dungeon." Logan said. "I wanted to come and get you, but the probability was against us. I researched and researched...."

"It’s okay. I’m fine now, right?" Peter replied.

The atmosphere was upbeat as everyone was reunited, and Timmy was a bit confused at how these people came to know each other. Was this person a special person in the tenth family that he didn’t know about?

However, there was one person who wasn’t happy about the whole thing, and she was continually looking at Quinn.

She wanted to hold back until later; she wanted to ask when they had returned, but seeing him now, she couldn’t hold herself back and she needed to ask there and then.

"Quinn!" Cia shouted so loud that it caused everyone to freeze in place. "I need to ask you... and please tell me the truth. I learnt earlier that vampires have the abilities to remove memories, not just any, but they can wipe out entire memories. Based on what Layla said to me before, I can only assume I knew all of you. So my question is, did you remove my memories, and if so, please tell me why."

*****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga