Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 450 Pick a side

When the smell from the perfume had worn off, a new smell started to enter Timmy’s nose. He was standing right next to Vorden and the others when this happened. Then, something strange started to take over his body. His urges, his eyes immediately started to glow red on instinct, and he himself didn’t know what was going on.

For some reason, his eyes and such was focused heavily on Vorden who was closist to him. His fangs started to naturally grow in size, and it felt like he could hear the blood rushing through Vorden’s veins. If he was to concentrate hard enough, perhaps the flow of them going through his skin.

’That neck.’ Timmy thought.

Before he knew it, Timmy had already left from his position and was pouncing towards Vorden.

"Timmy, stop!" Edward shouted.

Quickly throwing out his hands, Mist started to surround Timmy and a few seconds later he was yanked by the back of his collar and was dragged over by Edward’s side. Looking at Timmy in his eyes, Edward started to speak a few words to him. Quinn watching this could tell he was using the influence skill to control Timmy, and soon after had returned back to normal.

Regaining his lost senses.

Looking over, Logan felt like he had made a slight miscalculation, when they had revealed themselves to Silver, although her eyes started to glow red, he thought it was out of anger, and in the end she did nothing and chose to just leave. Timmy’s reaction was different.

"You idiots, are you trying to get yourself killed?" Edward said. "I don’t know how you managed to cover your scent, but some of these vampires have never ever smelt or seen a direct human in their life before. They haven’t gone through resistance training. It’s only natural for the young ones to act like this."

Hearing Edwards’ words, the others started to think about what would have really happened, if Xander had managed to get a hit on Vorden, and allowed his blood to be split. Would they have all pounced on him like Timmy?

With the current situation being the way it was, it was only best for Quinn to tell Edward about everything. If he wanted his help, and they were to make a plan then he would need to know the whole picture of just what was going on.

The group headed off to the dinning room where they could have a proper discussion of what had happened so far. Quinn asked if it was okay for Timmy to know about this, and Edward said he trusted him, so Quinn did as well. When they arrived, they sat down at the dining table and there were only two people that weren’t present Layla and Cia.

The two of them had chosen to enter one of the empty bedrooms next to the dining area, when Cia was to wake up, Layla would explain everything to her as best as possible, and the others could catch her up on everything that was said as soon as possible.

All of the bedrooms inside the castle were luxurious and the bed itself was extremely soft, including the pillows. Layla gently laid Cia down on the bed before covering her with the quilt. Her strength was far greater in her current form than her previous one, so it was easy for her to carry Cia in her arms on her own.

Sitting on the edge of the bed, she looked at Cia’s puffy eyes that were swollen from the crying.

"Cia, you are strong, you can get through this, you helped me at one point, so I will help you." Layla said.

After a few seconds though, Cia’s eyes started to open again. The first person she could see was Layla, but she wasn’t shocked or angry and was in more control than before. She looked around and could see they were in a dark room that looked to be unused.

"Where are we?" Cia asked.

"Don’t you remember, we are still in that castle." Layla replied. "Don’t worry, it’s just me and you here. Whatever question you ask, I promise I will answer them."

Cia was still a bit groggy after all she had just woken up, but this was an important time for her. So she got her hands and started slapping the side of her cheeks repeatedly to wake up.

"I’m ready, please Layla, don’t hide anything from me and tell me who I am and what happened." She asked.

"Of course, but it’s a bit of a wild one, and before I tell you who you are, I should first tell you everything about me, because me and you are closer than you think." Layla replied.

Back in the dining room, the others were starting to tell their story to Edward and Timmy. They started off with the lab and went on to when the group was split up. Vorden and Logan explained their side first, with everything that had gone on with school. Including them asking Silver for help.

"It looks like we might be able to get more people onto our side after all." Edward said. "Although she is saying she will follow the rules always, it looks like she was looking for hope. Something more than just you guys, no offence. If we can show that there is a chance to save her brother, then there is a good chance she will help us."

"Wait, Sir Edward, you aren’t really thinking of helping these guys save Fex." Said Timmy. "They already hate the tenth family. This would cause the family to be effected even more. Why would you go so far, who even are these people?"

And now it was Quinn’s turn to explain what he had gone through. Instead of starting from the Lab that they appeared in though, he started from the very beginning. This way Edward knew about everything. He explained when he had first gotten the system and even went through meeting Fex and Silver. Everything that had gotten them to this point where they were now.

After explaining that, he carried on to talk to the others about what happened when he had attended the direct descendent classes and fighting Vampire knight Clark. He didn’t go into any details of the fights though and only explained what happened.

Hearing the death of the students, Edward kept shaking his head in disbelief. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In the story that was said, it was also revealed that Quinn was the new tenth leader of the castle. Hearing this, Timmy couldn’t stop looking in Quinn’s direction. He couldn’t believe a new leader was really selected, and he was sitting at a table opposite him.

"You are stronger than I thought if you were able to defeat a vampire knight. Perhaps I underestimated your strength." Edward said. "As for your familiar. I have no clue. The best person to ask about that would have to be the first leader. From your description it sounds like you have something called a Bone claw, but as I said I don’t know much about it."

What had really interested Edward after learning everything though, was the book that was used to turn Quinn into a vampire. When explaining how it worked and how it got him stronger. Hearing this, he was sure of it, Vincent was the one who had created the book with his powers.

The problem was to create something so great, powerful and unique, there would have been a great cost. What cost that was exactly was what was worrying Edward.

"I think there has been enough talking done for today. Before we can come up with a good plan, I think we should get to training straight away. I can then assess your powers that way." Edward explained. "Everyone on this table is free to join if they wish."

"I’m afraid I will have to decline that offer." Logan replied. "Combat, and skill like training is not my forte. I have no basis to be improved upon like all of these here. Instead, I will spend my time trying to improve my own, and possibly our equipment. There is still some research I would like to do."

"Very well. Feel free to use the research lab. Vincent liked to dabble in strange things so I’m sure his equipment will come as of use to you." Edward replied.

"I feel I would also only get in your way, I will go check up on Layla and Cia, see how they are doing." Vorden said. "I have my own combat style and prefer to train on my own."

"Alright you three, follow me then."

"What three!?" Timmy asked.

"You know too much, of course you are involved in this now." Edward said.

With that, the three of them went off with Edward to head back down to the reception area to begin their training once more.

Inside one of the other castles the vampire knights and one of the leaders were speaking.

"Sir, are we not going to do anything about the tenth castle. Would you like me to report this to the first leader?" The knight asked.

"Don’t, I still have yet to choose my side in this fight." The leader replied. "If the punishers have really returned, then it might mean there will be a repeat of the events that happened last time. Only then will I choose my side, and I’m sure the others are thinking the same thing."

*****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga