Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 455 New Green blood

Inside the Lab, Logan had been working away hard, he was in the zone and he wouldn’t let any distractions get in his way, in fact, he was so distracted that he had already grabbed a syringe and was on his way into sticking it into Vorden’s arm.

He had yanked it forward and the needle was out and ready.

"What the hell do you think you’re doing with that thing!" Vorden shouted back.

"Oh sorry, did I not tell you what was going on?" Logan replied, looking up at Vorden as if he had done nothing wrong. "I must have spoken in my mind again. I broke down all the components that were used to create the green liquid, and although I think it will do you no harm, I’m afraid it might not have any effect on you at all. This was a special serum that seems to have been created to make vampires stronger and not humans."

"Okay," Vorden said, pulling his head back while looking at the needle in Logan’s hand. For some reason, it felt like he wasn’t going to put it down anytime soon. "So why are you trying to get my blood?"

"Because, I know how to create the green liquid myself. If we use your blood as a basis, then maybe I can make something that will give you the same effect powering you. Just trust me okay and stop being a baby." Logan said as he was already planting the syringe into the side of Vordens arm.

A small pinch was felt, and the blood was quickly taken out. Not much blood was needed so a small little prick would do.

With Vorden’s blood in hand, Logan needed to place the blood into one of the strange machines that would instantly give Logan the information he needed. After that, he would melt one of the crystals he had with him.

Combining these two blood types carefully with the right ratio was what was needed. Logan always had beast crystals on hand with him, due to the powers his suits used. It needed crystals for them to work, and it looked like they would be put to great use right now.

Placing the drop of blood onto a small white strip, Logan proceeded to place it into the machine, as it consumed it up. Rather than looking at the numbers, Logan placed his hand on the machine so he could understand everything it would bring up, even quicker.

However, that’s when he noticed something strange. The machine had given him all the information he needed which was great, but something else was happening as well.

’Why would it be doing that?’ Logan thought.

"Stop the process right now," Logan said in a stern voice commanding the machine, but it didn’t listen and continued doing as it was doing.

A sick feeling had entered Logan’s stomach. There was only one other time in his life where a machine had refused to do what he had asked, and that was back in the mountain cave. At first, Logan instantly wanted to let go, but then the thoughts of what Quinn had said to him back then had entered his mind.

’If I can’t stop you, then I can at least find out what you are doing.’

Keeping his hand on the strange machine, Logan started to concentrate hard and find out just what it was doing. He noticed that it was trying to complete a task that was set up beforehand, one that he hadn’t ordered.

Trying to stop the process didn’t work, now he needed to find out what it was trying to do. Eventually, while navigating through parts of the system he could control and understand, he found the answer he was looking for.

It looked like not just this machine, but all the machines in the room were linked to some place else. Everything that was and had been done by Logan, the information was now being sent to some place else, what for, why or where, he didn’t know and he couldn’t find out.

The system had finished passing on the information, and there was nothing Logan could do. As he lifted his hand of the machine, he slowly walked back over to the middle island.

"Is everything okay?" Vorden asked as he could see a difference on Logan’s face.

’I can’t tell him his blood information was passed on by some machine to somewhere else. He’ll start to ask me questions that I don’t even know the answer to. Besides what can someone, even do with his blood information, more so than likely it’s nothing to worry about, so I shouldn’t worry him about it either.’

"Don’t worry, just that this might take a little longer than I thought." Logan replied.

Continuing to work away, Logan stopped using the machines, but he no longer needed them anyway, for he had all the information he needed already. He melted down the crystal and went over to Vorden to extract more blood again, this time from his vein as he needed more this time.

Then, mixing the melted down beast core with Vorden’s blood was the next step. He needed to make sure the right ratio was added at the right time, while continually mixing. The temperature also had to be hot enough to allow the crystal to remain melted and not solidify. Only when the two were completely mixed could the green liquid survive at the right temperature.

Seeing the concentration on Logan’s face. Vorden decided to not say a word and after waiting for several minutes. Logan eventually placed all his tools on the desk. Inside a thick tube, a green liquid was shown that looked similar to the other one.

"It was a success," Logan said, with a smile and Vorden jumped from his seat ready to try it.

Meanwhile, the information that Logan had uploaded onto the machines was being passed onto a certain lab, but it wasn’t just any lab. For it was the same one that was located in the mountains where the others had come from.

In a separate room hidden away next to the lab, a process had started. There was a large round glass container filled with a strange light blue liquid.

[New blood sample has been found]

[Initiating creation process]

Inside the container, a strange liquid was shot into it but it had quickly formed into a solid fusing with the liquid around it.

[Process has started.]

The sold object started to change into what looked like a baby, but the baby was quickly ageing, as it grew in size and formed into a young boy. Slowly the young boy’s eyes started to open, and they were blue in colour. A few moments later and more changes were made as the boy started to grow and blonde hair could be seen, which grew to the point where it had reached his shoulders.

Inside the container, the object looked almost human, alive, but it certainly wasn’t human. For on its arms and around the edges of its faces scales could be seen forming. Its round eyes were starting to narrow out, and eventually, a single spike could be seen growing out from the boy’s back.

[The operation was a success.]

[Initiating trial phase]

The strange boy-like looked as if they had stopped growing. They looked to be around 16 or 17 years of age, but due to the process all happening so fast, it had no clue itself what was going on nor what was happening.

Before it could even be aware of its surroundings, the top of the container had opened up and a strange metal claw had come down and grabbed him. A few seconds later and the boy was being transported to an unknown location.

The boy tried to break free from the claw’s hands, but it was too tough, and he still felt incredibly weak. Looking around, he couldn’t see where he was for he was moving too fast, and eventually, the claw had let go of him, dropping him down.

The next thing he knew, he was in a small white room with a strange-looking robot standing in front of him. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"Welcome, please state your name and family number, and soon the trial will begin." The robot said.

****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga