Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 456 Quest complete

Quinn was brimming with confidence as he looked at the vampires around him. Perhaps it was because he could sense that they were all just regular vampires and that none of them were at the noble class. The same instinct that would usually tell him to run away, wasn’t happening here.

He had felt fear when going up against certain vampires such as Jin, Clark, and Edward, but none of that was felt here, even though he was outnumbered. As for Timmy, who was standing next to him, he wasn’t so confident.

He had seen Quinn training with Edward and managed to somehow injure Edward, but when doing so, it was because he had done some type of strange move that required the shadow ability. The thing was, out in the open like this, Quinn wouldn’t be using his shadow to fight. Not unless he wanted to inform every vampire that the punisher was outside in the clear at the tenth’s castle.

Little did they know that all of the vampire leaders already knew of such a thing but could do nothing about it.

Seeing an unknown Vampire’s cocky face and a young one at that rubbed the other adults the wrong way.

"Don’t kill him." The vampire in charge of the gang said. The leader was the one who stood at the front and had a mohawk like hair. "We don’t want to get in trouble for killing someone part of the same family. Edward will then come after us, but make sure he remembers not to cross us again."

The vampires started to charge in and both Timmy, as well as Quinn, prepared themselves. Timmy was right, during this fight, Quinn wouldn’t be using his shadow ability, however, he would be using everything else.

Seeing two vampires charge in front of him, Quinn threw out two blood swipes from his hand, while mixing them in with a bit of Qi. The vampires seeing this responded with their own. But they were in for a pleasant surprise when both of the lines of auras had clashed, for Quinn’s had shattered there’s in an instant and continued going forward.

It was unexpected, and the vampires ended up being hit by the powerful blow, taking them out of the fight. But it didn’t distract the others from their goal. The others had already reached Quinn’s position and started striking at him. Still, they were too slow. Each blow was avoided and not even a single scratch was placed on him.

Finally, using the flash step, he was able to reposition himself behind them, he quickly grabbed onto two of the vampires’ heads, while kicking another two away.

[Active skill, activate!]

Using the gauntlet’s power, they started to light up, and a few seconds later, a blue shock of lightning had come out of his gloves, stunning them and causing them to pass out. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The power of the attack was stronger than before, and there was a reason for that. Reading the description carefully again, it said that if there was another power source, then the cooldown time, as well as the power of the active skill, would be altered.

Right now he was testing out a theory of his, what would happen if he was to infuse his Qi with the active skill? This was the result of said action. It was able to knock out regular vampires.

Timmy was in the middle of his own confrontation and was busy fighting one of the vampires one on one. What this meant though, was that the crate was left unprotected.

Grabbing the crate from behind, a vampire was ready to push it away.

"Keep going, I’ll keep this one distracted!" The leader shouted. After witnessing Quinn’s display of skills, he never thought he could beat him now, but that wasn’t a problem. Vampires didn’t usually kill each other, especially those from the same family, so he wasn’t scared.

What he was relying on was for his teammates to get just far enough so they were able to hide the stash of blood for later.

Trying to ignore the leader, Quinn was ready to go after the man in the crate when suddenly, his two feet felt like they were completely stuck to the floor. As he looked down, he could see some green like slime substance.

"An ability? Damn I didn’t, expect a regular vampire to have one." Quinn said, and the other vampire now had grabbed onto the crate and was ready to go on the move.

Meanwhile, Edward had just gone through a round of training with Peter and was allowing him to rest. He started to think about how Quinn was fearing right about now.

"If you want to save Fex it will be difficult. There will be multiple enemies we have to deal with at once, and on top of that, we cannot forget the original goal. In this situation, I want you to think of the crate as Fex. While we will be busy fighting against multiple different opponents, they will be after him." Edward thought.

The crate was getting away and Quinn was stuck on the ground still. The goo didn’t seem to be wearing off. Perhaps if he was calm, he could have figured a way out of the situation, but with the blood being stolen he could see his quest reward fading away with it.

"No, get back here!" Quinn shouted.

The vampire had moved the crate only a few meters away and had a big smile on his face. A few seconds later, though, and a dark black shadow had opened up right by his side. Then, a large boney claw-like hand had come out from the shadow and before he knew it, the crate had suddenly stopped.

As the vampire looked down, he noticed that his arm had been detached from his hands. His two hands were still left holding onto the crate.. they had been sliced off. Now the whole body of the creature could be seen stepping out of the shadow and Quinn could recognize it straight away, even if he had only seen it a few times he would never forget. It was the Bone claw.

It stared at the vampire in front of him, that still seemed to be in shock from what had just happened. It lifted its hand in the air, ready to deal a fatal blow.

"Stop!" Quinn shouted, and the Bone claw’s hand stayed still in place. "This is not what I want."

The Bone Claw looked in Quinn’s direction and stared at his face for a while. Then looked back at the vampire that didn’t seem to be threatening at all. When such things happened to people, there were usually two types of responses. One would be, I’m sorry, and all they wanted to do was flee the scene and get out of there. While the other would be to curse the person who had just done this and fight to the death.

For this vampire, it was the first option, and the Bone claw started to slowly turn into mist, returning back to Quinn.

Looking back at the person he needed to deal with, he could see that the leader including the other vampires, had already run away.

With the fight over, Quinn had received something after all from the fight. With six vampires defeated he had gained a 100 exp each from beating them.

[600 exp received]

[Congratulation you are now level 24]

[1 free stat point gained]

[200/1600 exp]

As usual, Quinn placed the free stat point into his charm skill. Since it was the hardest one to gain points for. There was no natural blood type that would increase it after all.

Returning back to the crate, Quinn could see Timmy there. He hadn’t said a word about what he had just seen, even though he had a tone of questions he wanted to ask. Instead, the two of them tried to help the vampire that had both of its arms detached.

Quinn held both of the hands-on top of the seared part while Timmy gave him some blood from one of the blood packs. Quinn was a little worried that doing so might have caused him to fail the quest, but as Timmy did everything nothing had happened and the quest continued as normal.

Perhaps it was because in the end, the vampire they were treating would have gotten a pack of blood eventually, anyway.

While waiting for his hands to heal, Quinn started to ask the vampire some questions. He was thankful and hadn’t said anything so far while they were both helping him out.

"Why did you try to take the blood?" Quinn asked.

"Don’t you already know? We were planning to give it to the first family. One of the nobles promised us if we gave them enough blood they would recommend us for a transfer." The vampire replied.

"After everything Edward has done for you all. You know he will look after everyone here." Timmy complained.

"You know there is no future in the tenth." The vampire said back. "What’s the point of being here. We get mocked every day by the others, and there is no chance for us to learn a new ability. What else are we meant to do, I hate the fact that my family was born in the tenth."

The three of them remained silent, and once the vampire’s hands were healed. Both Timmy and Quinn thought it was best to just let him go. They wouldn’t be trying to grab the crate anytime soon, anyway.

"Have things really gotten this bad?" The system thought. "Was it really the right thing to do, to leave all these people to suffer like this, because of my own selfish desires."

The two of them continued the task of delivering the blood, and there were no more incidents like the last one. Finally, they had reached the last household, and Quinn was happy to deliver the last set of blood packs.

As the vampire shut the door, the sweet dinging sound was heard in his head, and the system messages started to appear.

[Congratulations you have completed the quest.]

[Instant level-up reward received]

[Level 25]

Just from the first reward, Quinn felt like it was worth it to go on this task. It wasn’t that hard nor time consuming, and he had gotten two level-ups from it. On top of this, it didn’t look like it was the end, as more sounds from the system were heard.

[You have gained the tenths families people’s trust]

[A hundred reputation points have been received]

[A new title has been given]

[Edwards little helper]

"What the hell does this all mean?" Quinn thought.

****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga