Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 458 Testing the green liquid

As soon as Edward got the order, he knew he had no choice but to comply. The fact that they had sent the message directly to him and it was a summon too, meant that he would have no choice. If he was to ignore the order, then there would be serious consequences for doing so.

Before leaving, he decided that he would inform Peter of his departure but didn’t tell him the exact reasoning for his leaving, only for the rest of them to wait for his return.

"And if you don’t return back before the execution?" Peter asked.

There was a slight pause as Edward was thinking of how to answer this, as there was a good chance this might happen. Edward wasn’t naive enough to believe that they wouldn’t have some spies and won’t be blind enough to not notice the tower lighting up.

If he didn’t give a good enough reason for these things happening, then they could very well keep him at the king’s castle.

"If you want my honest answer, I would say give up," Edward replied. "Honestly, I think it’s pretty much a suicide mission with me, so without me, I wouldn’t even give a percentage of your rescuing mission being a success. All of you will just get yourselfs killed. But knowing how rash Quinn has acted so far, I believe he would go through with the rescue mission anyway, so my words would only be wasted.

"My only piece of advice would be, don’t try to defeat your opponents, it’s a rescue mission, just grab and go." With that said, Edward was off leaving the tower. He had also informed Peter of the combination that was used to enter the castle.

Usually, he wouldn’t tell anyone of such a thing, but Peter was directly created by the new tenth leader, so Edward knew he could trust him to be absolutely loyal.

’There might be a chance that you will never see me again. Make sure you surround yourself with good people, Quinn.’ Edward thought.

With no training left to be done, Peter decided it was best if he was to go and try to find, Logan and Vorden to inform them of what was happening at the moment. As he started to make his way upstairs to the research lab, he noticed the two girls just leaving their room as well.

Cia was still following Layla behind, but she wasn’t clinging onto her like before. In fact, she looked a bit like her old self, a time when she still had her memories. Also, Layla now was no longer in her new evolution form and had devolved back to the regular Hannya.

"Where’s Edward?" Layla asked.

"Oh, about that, it seemed he had to leave in a rush. He didn’t really tell me what it was about, but it looks like we might be on our own for now. How’s she?" Peter said, pointing at Cia.

"You know you can just ask me. I am right here?" Cia snapped back. Not only did she look like her old self, But Peter was starting to think she was starting to act like she used to as well.

Ignoring Cia, Peter continued to talk to Layla. "Did she get her memories back?"

"No," Layla replied. "But I told her everything. Do you know if Quinn is back yet, she wants to meet him?"

Peter didn’t really like Cia too much and wasn’t even sure why she was brought on this trip in the first place. He still remembered their first meeting where she had attacked Quinn out of nowhere and to learn that she was a spy all along, but the opposite could be said for Layla. He knew that she genuinely cared for Quinn and as long as she was around she wouldn’t let anything happen to him.

"No, he’s not back yet, I was planning to meet up with the others and tell them about Edward," Peter replied, and at that moment, the two boys could be seen walking down the stairs together.

"Oh, what the hell, what’s everyone doing meeting up in the middle of the corridor?" Vorden asked.

Peter explained to the two what he had just told Layla saying about Edward’s sudden disappearance. The two boys seemed more concerned than everyone as they looked at each other. They knew something was up for a vampire knight that was so adamant in helping them to suddenly go like that, but right now the safest place seemed to be in the tenth’s area.

As for what Logan and Vorden were doing, they were planning to go to the outside garden. Which was an open field located behind the castle. It was a large area with not many obstacles to get in the way.

What they had planned to do was to test out the green liquid Logan had just created. Having already created it once, all Logan needed to do to make more, was get some of Vorden’s blood, which would be relatively easy.

Logan still had some beast crystals on himself, although he didn’t want to use them all as he needed them for his own suit powers, after all, he would be a part of this rescue mission as well.

What they wanted to do was to test its power on Vorden and what better place to do so than outside. Inside, the castle looked a little too fancy. Yes, there were open spaces, but it was incredibly dark and hard for both Logan and Vorden to see.

They weren’t vampires like the others. None of the lights really worked in the castle, making it harder for them to navigate themselves around. As for other rooms that did have a light source, there were many ornaments and other items that they just didn’t want to break, so in their minds, it made sense to head outside.

After hearing what they were planning to do, the others were interested in this as well. If the green liquid was successful with Vorden, then maybe they could all use some. Especially since both Peter and Layla were sub classes.

Outside on the open field, with the moonlight shining, they could now see better. The others were stood off to the side, quite far away.

"What the hell, I’m not going to turn into some kind of monster or anything." Said Vorden. "Why are you all so far away?"

"I mean, you never know right, its green after all," Layla replied. "Maybe you’ll turn into some green radioactive monster. Where all the clothes would rip off, apart from the shorts."

"Oh, it sounds like you’re looking forward to that a little bit Layla," Cia replied, making her face go red.

Logan too had handed the syringe to Vorden, before walking off and away. Seeing everyone away from him and look at him like that just made him even more nervous.

"Hey, are you sure this won’t do anything strange to me?" Vorden asked.

"As I said back in the laboratory, I am 99 percent sure you won’t die," Logan replied.

"Wait, did he just avoid the question?" Said Vorden. "I asked if it would do something strange to me, not kill me."

Still, Vorden trusted Logan. He had helped out so much on this trip so far and on top of that, the red pills which came from the same lab had no side effect, so he doubted this green liquid would as well.

"Here goes nothing," Vorden said as he stabbed the green syringe into his right shoulder and started to push down, injecting the fluid into his body. All of the green liquid had been injected in, and Vorden threw the empty syringe onto the ground.

A few minutes had passed, and they all waited patiently as Vorden continued to just stand there.

"Well, anything?" Logan asked.

"I was kind of waiting for it to kick in. Like a surge of power or something, similar to what I felt when taking the pills." Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The green liquid shouldn’t have taken this long to have an effect. It looked like Logan for once was wrong, and the liquid was more complicated than he originally thought. It wasn’t so simple or easy to create something that would boost the strength of humans. If he had found this out, it would have been a big discovery for the human race.

Still, Vorden decided that he would try out some moves anyway. Even if he didn’t have any special feeling, it didn’t mean it hadn’t worked. Grabbing hold of his two swords, he was ready to try out some moves.

He grabbed on to his white sword and then.....

*BANG

Right in front of the group’s very eyes, only a few meters away from where Vorden was standing, a big dirt cloud had formed, mud from the grassy field was chucked up everywhere. It was so sudden and fast, like a meteorite of some kind had fallen from the sky.

"What happened...? Vorden, are you okay?!" Layla shouted.

Eventually, the mud and dust had settled, and Vorden removed his arms that were covering the front of his face, to block any incoming debris from the crash. As he did, his eyes widened and his jaw was left wide open at what he could see.

For, there was a long naked older looking teen boy standing directly infant of him, but it wasn’t just any teen boy, for it had scales slightly running up its hands and face, the main feature of it though, was the single spike that was on its back.

"Isn’t that a Dalki!" Peter shouted, remembering the horror of when they had first met one before.

"Yeah, I think your right," Layla replied, but as she looked at the two of them standing opposite each other, she noticed something else.

"Hey, don’t you think they look kind of similar?"

*****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga