Chapter 466 The punisher child

As soon as Bryce headed to the front of the platform, he did his usual to silence the crowd. They were all still rowdy and excited, but with three clacks of his walking stick on the platform floor, it immediately got everyone to stop.

With each hit, the sound somehow managed to be amplified, even though they were outside, it sounded as if it echoed to the point where everyone in the whole crowd could hear the sound.

"Today is the day that Fex Sanguis was born and came into this world, and today he shall be leaving it as well," Bryce said. The same effect was being produced by his voice as with the walking stick, and everyone could hear clearly. "The crimes he has committed are as follows. Harbouring and covering for an illegal, bringing in an illegal to our said world. Covering and refusing to give information on the original vampire responsible. Lying and withholding information to the leaders. Planning to go against the vampire council."

The last words Bryce had used were chosen carefully, but it was clear how others would interrupt it. They would see it as Fex being a traitor. it was saying it without having to say it.

Hearing these words, Silver started to grind the back of her teeth. It wasn't true, all Fex was doing was covering for a friend, he had no intentions of anything like this happening. If the council had only decided to give him a light punishment, Silver would have never gone to earth to inform his friends of what was happening. They would have never come here to try to save him and none of the events happening would of happened, at least this was what Silver thought.

But of course, they would pin everything that happened so far on Fex. It would never be the great council's fault.

"We have found that the thirteenth family have nothing to do with his actions. So their name will not be tarnished, Fex will have his name removed, and he will no longer be part of the thirteenth family.

"However, this also means that his position will no longer be considered when deciding his punishment for his crime. So we have come to the hard decision of this action. He shall be excuted by draining of the blood. A slit will be made from his neck, and his blood shall be kept and offered to another."

Bryce then lifted up his cane and drew out his sword that was hidden within. It was a simple design. It was relatively thin and small so it could fit within the cane itself. But going down the centre of it was a thin red glowing line, indicating that it was a blood crystal weapon.

Edward, who was stood behind the first, looked past him and out to the crowd. Yet the only person he could see was Timmy who forehead was now covered in sweat.

'I guess they won't be coming, after all, perhaps they changed there mind once they saw that all the leaders were present. That is a good thing. I understand you want to save your friend but risking the lives of many of your friends. It's simply not worth it. Live on and come back to your position when you are stronger and make them pay for what they have done. I hope I will still be around by then to see you bring the tenth family back up to its former glory.' Edward thought.

Just then, something could be felt moving past Timmy, like a gust of wind that made his hair flicker slightly and with it a whisper.

"Thank you." A whisper was heard in his ear and what happened next shocked everyone.

Suddenly, all the leaders felt something enter the empty platforms space. They turned to look at the open area that was in front of them, but they could see nothing. However, their eyes started to glow fierce red, and the audience could feel the pressure.

"What's going on?" Amy asked. "Did something happen?"

"I don't know but the bloodlust," Xander replied. "It's like they plan to kill someone."

Then, Bryce started to burst out in laughter.

"Ha, ha you think that silly trick would work on us. I guess the rumours were true, the punisher is but a mere child. And to think I brought out all the leaders for a single person."

When speaking, Bryce was looking in a specific direction, and so were the other leaders, but the crowd could still see nothing.

"I guess there is no use in hiding it anymore." A voice said. In the open space, out from thin air shadows started to flicker and disappear, and in its place, a boy wearing a demon-like mask could be seen.

"Quinn!" Rokene said. "When he said he was coming to save someone is this who he meant, but Quinn...What are you doing? You'll die fighting all of these."

Quinn had used his shadow cloak to get this far past the crowd and the guards that were keeping the group back. He was now stood in the cleared out twenty-meter range and looking towards the platform.

It was a shame that he was caught earlier then he thought, but it proved that the leaders were on another level compared to the other vampires. His shadow cloak hadn't fooled a single one.

While standing there, he started to think of his conversation earlier at the dining table in the tenths castle with the others.

"What!" Layla shouted across the table. "What do you mean you want to do this on your own, that will be impossible."

"You don't understand, a vampire leaders strength is far greater than even my own, I don't want any of you to die." Quinn replied.

"Quinn, I understand what you are saying, but we all knew what we were getting into when we joined," Vorden replied. "It's impossible for you to do this on your own. Besides, I think you're underestimating us. We have survived this far, and we can survive this."

"Quinn, you are thinking of our survival correct?" Logan said. "Then its better for all of us to go together. When I was doing my research, it seems there is a strict number of vampires allowed in the settlement. By now they already know that there is a higher number of people then there should be. If this mission fails, then we're stuck here and we're all dead anyway.

"Higher chance of getting out there alive is if we all fight together."

"Fine...But only if we are stuck in a fight. If I can go in and take him away, then there is no need for you to show yourselves."

As he was thinking about what was said before, Quinn was slightly frustrated. He had never expected all the leaders to be present at such a thing, even the system was surprised. If he was to use his shadow cloak to get closer, then he planned to try to go in and out, while Edward would fend off and fight against the others. It wasn't a good plan, but with how open and public the execution was there wasn't much they could do.

He was the fastest out of all of the group and had the best skill to hide.

"I don't know why you are so desperate to save this child, but I shall ruin your hopes here and now," Bryce said as he turned his back to Quinn and started to walk towards Fex on the platform.

'That was your plan?' Edward thought. 'Did you not have something else?'

'Wind walk activated.'

Using all his speed and strength, and activating his boots, Quinn dashed forward hoping to reach the platform. His shadow was raised behind his shoulders, ready to move at any time to protect him.

Seeing the shadow, some of the vampire leaders, although they didn't move couldn't help but have some type of reaction to it.

"He really does have the punishers power. But is he the only one?" A leader said.

'Let me deal with this." One of the vampire knights asked there Sith leader Vadeen. It was a middle-aged man who wielded nothing but an ordinary sword in his hand.

"Please, show this fool the power of the Sixths family," Vadeen replied. "And let us get on with this execution so we can go home."

Quinn had managed to move just five meters, and in that short amount of time a Vampire had come and stood in his path, but he expected this, and he wasn't slowing down for anyone.

He could tell the moment the vampire had made its move it was coming from the platform and he had already started his motion, by stomping his foot on the ground. The blood and Qi were mixed in together, and he was already preparing one of his strongest attacks.

"Are you not going to go down there yourself Vadeen?" Jin asked (The fourth leader). VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Huh, you make me laugh. That boy is nothing but a vampire noble, have your senses been dulled. A vampire knight is enough to take that fool on." Vadeen replied.

The other vampires watching had the same thought in there minds which was why they hadn't moved either.

"Do I have to remind you that he not only managed to get away from me, but also defeated my own vampire knight, Clark?"

"And you are an embarrassment to us," Vadeen replied.

The vampire knight, with all its strength, swung down its sword, and the shadow on Quinns back quickly moved into place blocking the attack.

"What's this, It won't move forward." The knight said.

The sword attack had been successfully stopped, and even using all his strength, it wouldn't move forward.

This gave enough time for Quinn to prepare the last moments. 'This attack was strong enough to beat that general Duke. So I'm sure it will be enough for someone like you."

Flicking his arm back, his right fist came shooting out. Mixing in the Qi, hammer strike and the blood spray. Preforming the Qi unfused Blood hammer.

The knight was fast enough to pull back his sword to block the attack, but it was useless. A loud bang was heard. The sound of the sword falling and hitting the floor several times was heard.

From the stage, the leaders could see the demon mask and face of Quinn cleary, for the top half of the vampire knights body was missing. The vampire knight fell to the floor and was killed with a single attack.

All of the leaders were now no longer looking at Quinn as a child, but an enemy to be feared.

"Kill him!" Bryce shouted.

****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga