Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 472 Blood bullet!

Just a small little craze on the cheek was enough to set off the sensitive noes of the vampires around them. It hadn't filled the whole dome, but it effected those that were closest and the ones that were, were the students. They were most interested in seeing the leaders and where stationed near the front. At the same time, they were the most influenced by the smell.

However, their reaction to the smell was just as surprising for the leaders who were fighting them.

"We are being held back by mere humans!' The vampire knight fighting against Vorden shouted. It was as if he was disgusted by the fact he wasn't able to finish someone off like this.

The next second, the spirit spear had landed inside hitting the vampire knight in the stomach. The MC cells were combined with Logan and Cia, creating a powerful spear.

Making him feel the effects greatly, and the energy was drained from him in an instant.

"I'm not just some ordinary human!" Raten shouted in response as he threw down his Black blade chopping off one of the vampire knight's arms.

"Raten, I think we have another problem!" Vorden said, as the vampires that were being held back started to go into a frenzy, it was the same thing that had happened to Timmy. Some of them had their hands held up by there heads, trying to fight it, while others were allowing it to consume them.

Although the guards were doing somewhat of a job of holding the students back, it didn't look like they would be able.

Inside the crowd, Frank wasn't affected much by it, as every student was effected differently, him and well as Rokene were trying there best to stop the others. Direct descendants already had the training to combat things such as this.

"We have to do something, the students will get hurt if they get caught up in that!" Rokene said as he looked at the fight continuing on. Borden had another big clash with the leader he was facing, and a strong shockwave was sent out again. If the students jumped in, they would just be hurt getting in the middle of all that.

Timmy at the moment was unaffected by it all, due to him experiencing something like it last time. He was wondering if Edward would be able to do the same as before when he had been calmed down. But there were far too many, and it looked like Edward was badly hurt. He would be to concerned with the leader to be of help.

"We will deal with this." A deep voice said.

In front of them in mere seconds, the leaders that had remained on the platform until this point, had finally made a move.

"Haha, I knew you would act and betray us. Now I have an excuse to get rid of you all who was against us!" Bryce said, as he blocked an incoming attack from the Bone claw. The fight was still ongoing, and it looked like Bryce was slowly figuring it out.

"If you really think that way then you are a shortlisted fool." Cindy, the second leader, spoke. "The council, the vampire leaders we all exist for the people, so it is our number one pointy to protect the people. We will not let them get involved in our own personal spat!'

The fourth, fifth, ninth, eleventh and second leaders eyes started to glow red as they looked upon the crowd, and it was time for them to use a mass influence skill to calm them, and it seemed to be working.

"The leaders are able to control this many?" Frank said. "I knew they were strong, but I didn't know they were this strong. If all the leaders really had participated in this fight, it would have been long over by now."

With the sudden danger now settled, the others continued to do battle with great difficultly with there opponents, and that was the same for Quinn.

He had been injured during the fight with the two leaders, but now there was only one in front of him. The anger that he had previously still hadn't settled inside him. Although his focus should have been on Vadeen in front of him, it wasn't, he was still looking at Jill.

'Layla still hasn't recovered, and that vampire doesn't exactly give me much hope.' He thought, looking at Xander.

"You're focus should be on me!" Vandeen said charging in, but at the same time, Jill had charged in towards Layla and the others.

Xander, relied upon his fist and threw it out, but it had hit nothing but air, and instead of going for him, She had decided to go for Layla.

'I can feel the energy growing inside you, I know what you are planning to do Hannya girl, and I won't let that happen.'

Getting past Xander was easy, as she had used a flash step, going past him and appearing in front of the two girls.

"Oh!" Amy cried.

But as soon as she had arrived. She had been hit by a strong, sharp blow and fell to the ground. It seemingly had come out of nowhere, and even though Amy was looking at Jill the whole time, she hadn't seen what could have possibly hitten her. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

From where Quinn was standing, blood was dripping, falling on the ground. He had his hand held out like a gun, and one of his fingers was soaked in blood, it had completely shattered, even parts of bone could be seen from the tip.

[Skill Blood bullet]

[-20 HP]

[30/100 HP]

"You should be paying attention to me!" Vadeen shouted as he gave un uppercut to Quinn's face throwing him up in the air.

[20/100 HP]

The whole time, Quinn was never concerned about his fight and was watching all of the others. He was waiting for the right chance to hit Jill, and it had come. Back at the castle, Quinn had tested out his blood bullet.

There was a couple of blood packs that had been left for them in the castle form Edward, but there weren't many. As they would have to wait for a shipment from the main castle every once in a while. They would then deliver them to their people.

The blood bullet, a skill that could only used five times in one day. It was a powerful skill that shot out as fast as a bullet. Making it nearly impossible to avoid, and if Quinn was to add his Qi to it, it would just make it that much stronger and that's what he had done now.

"Do you really not care if you die!" Vadeen shouted. While on his way back down from the initial uppercut. He then proceeded with a kick. Hitting Quinn again across the floor. His bones were broken were being mangled, and he spat out blood from the strong, powerful blows.

Maybe he couldn't defeat a leader. At least not in the state he was in, but if he had one regret, it was the fact that he wasn't able to use everything he had against them.

Still, his friends were more important in this situation.

[10/100 HP]

[Blood bank activated]

[100 millilitres consumed]

[60/100 HP]

As soon as Quinn recovered and got up from the ground, he held out his hand this time using a different finger to the first. Even the blood bank didn't seem to have completely healed the first injured finger. He used his other hand as support; otherwise, his hand would jerk back too much.

[Blood bullet]

[40/100 HP]

This time the attack had hit the vampire knight that Logan was up against. The shot was aimed carefully at his knees, making the knight fall to the ground.

"Quinn.." Logan said as he looked at him, he was still injured all over but was still worrying about everyone else.

"You still chose to ignore me!" Vadeen didn't just want Quinn dead, he was far too angry for that and thought it was too light of a punishment. He wanted Quinn to suffer by seeing all his friends die. If he wanted to, he could have finished this battle long ago. This was why he had opted to just use his fists.

Another punch, this time to the side of Quinn's rib. A cracking sound was heard, but stomping his foot down, Quinn refused to move, his hand was still out and aiming for someone else.

[30/100 HP]

"Fex look out!" Silver shouted as she went to try to pull her brother back, but her legs were too heavy, and she could no longer move as fast as before. The needle was going right for Fex, until.

[Blood bullet]

[10/100 HP]

The bullet had gone throw the leader's hand, forcing her to drop the needle on the ground and the fatal blow had been avoided.

[Blood bank activated]

[100 millilitres of blood consumed]

[Blood bank is now empty]

[60/100 HP]

"Idiot" Vadeen said, as he threw out a kick again, hitting Quinn's left leg and crushing it in the process, it had bent and caused him to fall to the floor.

[40/100 HP]

The crowd and the other leaders started to look at the punisher boy differently. It was memorising, while he was getting a beat down by a leader, he continued to help all those that were around him.

"He really cares about them," Sunny said. "It's as if we were looking at a vampire leader, protecting his people."

Quinn now being unable to move appropriately was practically a sitting duck. He had helped others, but no one was able to help him. Stomping his foot on Quinn's other leg, it to was crushed to pieces.

[20/100 HP]

"I wish we could come and help you but we can't," Muka said, frustrated with himself. And he wasn't the only one feeling this. Frank, Rokene too.

A kick was made to Quinn's other side, breaking his ribs once again.

[10/100 HP]

Quinn was now finding it hard to breathe, with every breath he took, it was painful. He started to think back to how his life had changed to the point it had gotten to this situation. How many questions he had left unanswered. How stupid it was of him to think he could go against the vampire leaders.

'You were right.' Quinn said to the system. 'I shouldn't have come here, you tried to warn me, and I didn't listen.'

The system didn't know what to say back. It too felt guilty for not trying hard enough to convince Quinn to not go through with this, but in the end. He was nothing but part of the system and couldn't go beyond his limits.

....

Suddenly, Vadeen stepped back, he jumped a few feet and was on guard. The others watching were confused, as Quinn hadn't moved a single inch, but it wasn't him that he was afraid of. It was his shadow, his shadow had suddenly spread out across the floor beneath him, making a large circle.

Afraid that it might do something, Vadeen stepped back avoiding it.

"Is this...." Jin looked at the skill, for he had seen it before. This was what he was worried about the last time he had thought the boy, and it looked like he had a good reason to be concerned.

Out form the large shadow that was surrounding Quinn on the floor, three figures could be seen rising from the shadow. The two were holding onto the man in the centre, and finally, the shadows stopped, and they could be seen.

"Erin and...Leo! " Logan shouted, stunned at how they were here. As for the man in the centre, Logan had no clue who he was.

"Well, well, well...This place certainly looks the same." Arthur said with a smile.

*****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga