Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 500 To the tenth“s tombs

With Leo heading off with the boys, Quinn was confident that any troubles they ran into, he would be able to deal with them, even more so if he was to go with them himself. Even if the vampires were against Quinn and his tenth leader family, Edward said it would be crazy for them to try something so soon right after the king made his verdict, so the boys were relatively safe from the others.

However, what Edward was unsure about was Leo himself. He didn’t understand why the second Leo had said he would go with them, Quinn was calm about the fact that they would be going to a dangerous place. From the descriptions and stories he had heard, a place full of Wendigos and perhaps even more. If Quinn had asked him to go with the boys, then he would have done so as well, but instead Quinn said he wanted him here to help him with his other duties.

The group headed down to the reception area as they made their preparations for the little trip. Edward had also said he had invited someone along to guide them through the forest and back from the mountain.

When they had arrived, they were pleasantly surprised to see a small little boy waiting for them.

"Hey everyone." He said waving and smiling.

The boy who was there was Timmy, he had helped them out more than once during this whole thing.

While they were busy talking away and catching up on things, Edward continued to glance at Leo. What he had planned was to do a little test. His hand started to turn to mist, and he was about to give Leo a little surprise.

’I won’t hit you too hard.’ Edward thought, but then...

As soon as Edward had made the intention to attack, before he had even started to move, Leo had turned and looked towards Edward’s direction. He could see his hand hovering over the hilt of his blade and his fingers tapping them up and down.

A little smile appeared on Leo’s face before tuning away again.

"Is that person really blind?" Edward thought. Somehow, some way, he knew that Edward was about to attack.

Now Edward realized why Quinn had so much trust in him and chose to make him his vampire knight. With him protecting the kids, they really had nothing to worry about.

"Alright, we are off." Logan said. "Quinn, keep the mask on you, if we need anything we will be contacting you on that."

Leo, Timmy, Vorden, Borden and Logan had set off on their own journey and Quinn could only hope they would be safe and find the answers they were looking for. As for Peter, he was placed in the same situation as Quinn.

Since he was a criminal up until recently, they thought it was best if Peter stayed by Quinn’s side for the most of it.

When the doors had opened to let the group out though, there was a little surprise waiting for them. A certain individual with his black hair pulled back, stood at the door. He had his hand hovering in the air as if he was just about to knock.

The group said hi to the boy, before quickly heading off and allowing him to enter the castle.

"Fex, you look better than the last time I saw you." Quinn said.

"Yeah, I guess my hands aren’t chained up this time. You look good too" Fex replied, before waiting a few moments and then giving Quinn a big old hug. He squeezed him as tight as he could.

"Thank you, man... I really mean it, you don’t understand how much it means." Even though Fex had accepted his death before, when he had been saved, he truly realized how much he didn’t actually want to die. He still had so much he wanted to do, and he wanted to create more memories with everyone.

After placing Quinn down, the two of them got to talking again. Before Fex had claimed the real reason he was here.

"So I ended up talking with my father and sister, and it looks like there’s nothing I can do about going back to the thirteenth family. I could join as a regular vampire, but then it would be awkward. Someone who used to be a direct descendant working for his own real family. Which is why I have decided to come to you." Fex said, placing his hand on Quinn’s shoulder.

"Being in the vampire pool has its perks and one of them is, I can go in between any family I wish and Quinn, I want to join your family. I want to be with everyone here. Now I don’t want any high position or have to be a close member as such and of course I have my own restrictions from my family. They have said if I join another family, I am not allowed to teach anyone our ability. But I hope me and you can keep doing things together."

It didn’t take long for Quinn to answer.

"Of course you can, you idiot. Why would I do all of this to save you and then say no to a request like that?"

Quinn still didn’t know all the details of the vampire settlement and how they worked. He didn’t know the process or if Fex was even allowed to join. Which was why he had never popped the question, but this was another bonus on his end.

However, he was a bit upset that it didn’t complete part of the quest, bringing Fex into his family.

[5/10] Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Which meant the system really did want him to turn ten people into vampires one way or another.

As for the formalities of the transfer and such, that was to be done by Edward. Hearing the good news, Fex decided he would go back to the thirteenth castle and gather his things, ready to move in. He hadn’t actually asked Quinn if he could move into the castle and only assumed, but Quinn didn’t care for this.

"What would you like to do now sir?" Edward asked. "There are still many duties to be filled, we could see how the girls are doing. Inform the people of what is happening, or even get to know the people and plan for the future."

The more Quinn thought about that, the more he was realizing that Edward was planning for his stay to be permanent. Something Quinn still wasn’t ready to face, but before he did all of that, there was a particular person that owed him something, something he had been waiting for a long time.

"Are you finally ready to tell me?" Quinn asked. "About how this book fell into my hands, why you left the settlement, and if you know what’s going on with the Dalki."

"I am." the system replied. "And I think there is a perfect place where we can do it. Ask Edward to take us to the tenths castle tombs. Tell him to go find my grave."

Quinn had asked this very question and Vincent was confused.

"There certainly is a tomb which has all the previous leaders who have gone into eternal sleep. The problem is, Vincent had never returned to the castle. His body won’t be in there. Do you still want to go?" Edward asked.

"It is a request from Vincent himself. He said if I was to return to the castle that I should go to the tombs and go to the one that was made for him.’" Quinn asked.

If it was an order from Vincent, then Edward would believe there was a reason why he had asked. The two of them were to go alone as the only people allowed in such an area were a vampire knight and a vampire leader.

They were rule breakers, but Edward was adamant about not letting this rule slide, so Peter was left outside. On the ground floor there were a set of doors which also contained a circle lock. Quinn noticed that this combination was even different to the castle one.

As the door opened, torches from both sides of the wall started to light up one by one, revealing a staircase going downward. How deep it went was unknown but Quinn was unable to see the bottom.

When they stepped in, the doors behind had closed.

[You have entered the tenths castle tomb]

"Well, at least I know I’m in the right place." Quinn said.

After a few minutes of walking down the stairs, he could finally see the bottom. It leveled out, and they began walking down a tunnel for a while until eventually they had reached a large open space.

It was a single large room with several circle patterns on the floor. Too many to count.

"Are all of these things on the floor tombs?" Quinn asked.

"It’s designed for the future generations as well." Edward replied. "If we ever need to expand, we just dig out some more."

Considering how large the cave was and how long vampires lived for, it seemed like the spaces they had on the ground wouldn’t be filled out for a long time. The two of them went to the very back, where four different round patterns could be seen on the floor. These were different to the rest, for they were lit up with a slight blue glow around the edges.

"The blue glow means someone’s inside. They are the leaders even before you." Edward said.

"Is the first tenth leader here?" Quinn asked, looking at the first circle on the ground.

"Yes, the first leader is here as well."

The first tenth leader, the man who changed Arthur and was also previously a king of the vampires. Quinn couldn’t help but think about what the Boneclaw had shown him, and how perhaps that man had many secrets other than that as well.

"This one here, the chamber is prepared when a new leader takes place. you will need to make one yourself as well. This one is for Vincent. As you can see, it’s not lit up. For his body was never found." Edward explained. "I had hoped he would have gone into eternal slumber, but perhaps he had really died out there."

Walking towards the first Chamber, Quinn stood near it for a while. He looked at the patterns on top of all the circles, each of them slightly different. The five there were the only ones that had patterns on it.

Bending down to get a closer look, Quinn noticed something about the first one. The first one had a pattern he recognized. It looked like the same marking that was on the book. As he reached out and grazed his finger upon the pattern, suddenly, a blue light from it started to glow.

"Whats happening?" Quinn asked.

"I have no idea..." Edward replied.

Suddenly, from his body, it felt like something was forced out from him, and in front of his eyes he could see it.... a spirit-like figure.

"Vincent!" Edward said with his eyes wide open.

*****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga