Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Chapter 508 Turning Human

For Quinn, it was a wild ride. So far, he had finally found out the reason why Vincent had chosen to leave the vampire settlement. But it wasn’t out of choice, but rather he had to. He was forced to leave with no explanation to his people or his knights, he could understand why some would have felt like he had abandoned them.

However, there still seemed to be more to the story left, he still didn’t understand how he had gotten the book. Although he couldn’t remember much about his parents due to how young he was when they left him. He was sure that Vincent or Katie were not them.

When both Vincent and Katie went through that teleporter their whole lives had changed that day. At first Katie was in tears, she didn’t know what to do as one of her closest colleagues had died and at the same time, Vincent was still in the middle of discovering himself.

It was a rocky start for both of them for more reasons than one. The teleporter was a random destination teleporter. Vincent had invented it to be used in two ways, against his enemies to give him more time, or for himself in a situation like this one.

However, what it meant was they were in a place that they knew nothing about. He had no I.D. no safe house, no money. The support he would usually get from the council was no more, which meant they needed to do everything themselves from scratch.

To get on their feet, Vincent worked some odd jobs here and there in the closest town. It wasn’t enough for them to really live off, but it was something he could easily do with his body. As for food, all of it would be spent on Katie and the rest saved, while the only source of blood Vincent would have to get was from her.

However, eventually, he continued to ween of the blood more and more as the days went by. At one point, they had finally saved enough money for Vincent to send Katie back to where she once was, and he was surprised when her response was.

"No... I want to stay with you."

The two got on well, and Vicent soon realized his true feelings for her. He released why he had done everything. It was the first time he had ever felt this way about someone.

During their time together, vampires would be sent to the human world in search of Vincent. Once in a while they would find him, but they were dealt with and the two of them were on the move again.

The good thing was, due to the deal with the punishers that had been set up, the vampires weren’t allowed to send such a large force, at risk of the humans finding out, and eventually, they would send less and less people as time went on.

Vincent was causing them no harm and the same could be said for them. Moving was tough on the two of them, constantly being on the run, and Katie said she finally wanted to settle, but with his line of work it was hard for him to make any decent money.

He needed something more stable and eventually, he went into a passion that he had in the vampire world as well. The science field. Using his knowledge and powers, he was able to introduce new ideas and inventions that the humans didn’t have.

Nothing groundbreaking, but enough to give both him and Katie a good living. Although not everything was as sweet as it seemed. They had the house, they were living happily and their lives were no longer in danger. They even had managed to make some friends at their workplace.

Vincent was sitting in the dark living room of his house, while Katie was staring outside her window looking out at the garden when she finally said.

"I want a family." Katie muttered, but even though she had said it quietly, Vincent was still able to hear with his great hearing.

"A family, huh..." Vincent replied back in a saddened voice.

"Oh, sorry I was just mumbling to myself. I’m happy with you, I really am. I know you can’t make a family." She replied back.

"What do you mean?" Vincent said.

The conversation of what had happened to Katie that day when Vincent had saved her wasn’t really spoken much. Every time it would be brought up, bad memories would surface for her. So Vincent had left the subject, but now she was ready to finally talk about it.

She explained to him what the leader had said that day and what he was trying to do. How vampires couldn’t mate with humans, but if one did get pregnant by chance, then they would create something called a dhampir.

"The vampire hunters.." Vincent mumbled as he thought back to some of the old vampire’s history he had learned about. He was always interested in these types of things so he knew a lot about it.

However, more importantly, with this new information, there was a good chance that Vincent could return to the vampire settlement. He could give them reason for his actions that day, the king could even use the influence skill on both him and Katie to confirm that fact and he could return to his people.

As he thought about this, he started to look around his house. There were many photos of the places him and Katie had been together around the world. All the things they experienced. Then when he thought back to the vampire settlement. He never had any free time.

He had to look after the people, and any spare second was used in trying to create the blood substitute.

Walking over the two of them had a photo board. It had all the photos over the years of them being together and had collected. Looking at them carefully, he noticed something. And this made his heart sink deeper into himself than he had ever cared to imagine.

In the pictures from the beginning, he could see it in Katie’s face. With each passing year, she was ageing. Wrinkles were getting deeper, her skin was getting looser. While him, he looked no different from when they had first met.

It was a realization that with him being the way he was now. She would continue to grow old and die while he would always remain the same.

’I don’t want that to happen.’ Vincent thought.

"I will find a way for us to make a family," Vincent said.

Vincent couldn’t get rid of his vampire powers just like that. The vampires might have still been out for him.

Yes, they had stopped attacking, but he wasn’t a hundred percent sure. More than anything he would have hated it for him to have raised a family and then to be powerless to protect them.

Putting his work to the side, Vincent started to put his research into something else, how to get rid of his vampire powers. He had to be careful about this, and he needed to be sure. Eventually he had figured it out.

But what he realized was, he could only transfer his powers into another type of source and he did so, keeping it somewhere safe in the form of a book.

However, unknown to him that soon a big event would happen that would greatly alter and affect his decision.

Vincent was successful in raising a family as two humans together after this. They grew up and continued to get older together as he wished, but there was always the fear in the back of his mind. So using his money he was able to create something that would allow him to contact the tenth base once again.

This was because during his time at the tenth castle, he had listening devices planted all over in certain places in the vampire settlement. He had done this to control his castle and family better, but now he was using it to keep an eye on any developments going on with the vampires.

And he had heard of a new development indeed. Rumours were going around that all the punishers on the planet they had relocated to, had been wiped out. By what or how, they had no idea, but they had been killed.

This worried Vincent even more. With the punishers dead, there would no longer be anyone to enforce the rules that had been established. There was a possibility of an attack. Maybe not now, but sometime in the future.

He was in the middle of it all; he had a family he needed to still raise, he couldn’t just leave them, and at the same time he felt like he couldn’t do nothing. He knew how he wanted to spend the rest of his life, and his time was soon to be over.

But he wouldn’t leave without giving the human race a fighting chance. A chance for them to live. He thought in his head that the ideal person to be the bridge between the vampires and humans would be a human turned vampire.

Just like with Arthur. Someone who experienced the human world.

With this in mind, Vincent went to work as usual, and he was thinking of the best ways of how to set up his legacy. One day at work, he was struggling, thinking about how to help his future ancestors. Just being a vampire wouldn’t be enough.

For he didn’t know how long his powers would go unused for. There might be no one to teach him, no one to tell him of his ways.

"You looked troubled there, Vincent. Anything I can help with?" A man from his workplace had said.

This man was a work colleague of Vincent’s and he was also the man who had helped him create the system.

****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga