Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 518 Through the portal!

The human group which had discovered the teleporter made sure not to do anything too drastic. After all, they didn’t know where it would lead to. It wasn’t every day they came across a teleporter in the middle of nowhere. On top of that, it didn’t have any of the standard colors that they were used to.

The teleporter just seemed to be a mishmash of all sorts of colors like a rainbow that had been mixed heavily giving it a psychedelic feeling. A group stayed with the teleporter while the others went to report back to Paul. The head general.

Paul had been given the task by the supreme commander to search every bit of this planet. At the old shelter, they had found nothing, and while searching through the wasteland, the only thing they could find was dead beasts.

Some beasts were hostile to each other, but the investigation showed that the way some of these beasts were killed, it showed signs of intelligence. Then finally, Paul had gotten the report of a teleporter being discovered.

At first, he thought that it might have belonged to one of the big four. They would have been able to get such resources for them to travel to a planet like this one and would have been strong enough to survive the death bats they had come across.

However, when learning of the color, it confused him a little. If it was to go to earth, it should have been white in colour. All other planets that had been discovered should have been green, orange or red, but this was neither.

"Have you still not heard any word from the supreme commander yet?" Paul asked as he had made a temporary base at the shelter, clearing an area in front of the large dome training center.

"No sir, the base hasn’t been replying and we haven’t been getting any updates back from them." The soldier informed him.

It had been a week or so since they had discovered the teleporter, and Paul needed to make a decision. He didn’t know why, but their communication devices didn’t seem to be working. Paul was unable to get in contact back with the earth.

He had even sent a man to physically go there in person, but he had never returned. This test was done twice and the same thing had happened.

After that, no one really wanted to volunteer to try to go back to earth to see what was going on, so Paul felt like he had very few options left. He could personally try to go back to earth and see what was happening to his men.

Or they could push forward. Before deciding anything, Paul had chosen one of his sergeants he had brought with him from the military base to go back, at the same time sending a small group. He had high hopes for these guys to return as well back with some good news, but they never did.

With the days passing by, they had very few options left, and soon their food pills and such were running low. Never did they think an expedition would have lasted this long, nor did they think they would be stuck in limbo on an unknown planet.

They had never heard of such a thing happening before.

Seeing that the morale of everyone was low, Paul had finally made the decision.

"Alright everyone listen up!" Paul shouted. "We will complete the mission given to us by the supreme commander and investigate. He has told us to scout out what is on the other side of the portal. We shall make a report of what we see and then head back."

Paul had lied to his people about receiving communication from the supreme commander, but he knew it was the morale they needed.

The portal was brought out, and only a few of them could fit through it at the same time. Some of Paul’s men disagreed with his decision. If they were to stay here, they could ration out their food pills, and perhaps find some food here or there. After all, they were trained to do such things in certain situations.

But Paul was trying to take leadership. He was trying to prove to everyone he could make headstrong decisions and at the same time. Do the duty the supreme commander had given him.

The teleporter was brought out, still activated and shining brightly. It looked similar to their own portable teleporters; only this one was square-shaped. Usually, portable teleporters only had one destination.

The army still had theirs as well. If worse came to worse and the new planet was far more dangerous than they expected, then they would have to roll the dice and try to head back to earth, where the other soldiers had gone missing.

Paul had stationed himself in the middle of the two rows that were going through the teleporter at the same time. It was to give him the best opportunity of survival, not at the front to protect everyone, and not at the back either.

When walking through the portals they were all transported one by one and finally they had reached an unknown forest-type area. It was a little strange though, as the area where they had landed looked as if it had been cleared of trees and there were signs of some of the strange colored grass lying flat.

"It looks like we hit the jackpot!" Paul thought. In his mind, he was wondering if they had discovered a group of humans who had run off away from earth. Which wasn’t registered with the government system.

They might have been a group of originals that carried the shadow ability and had chosen to hide themselves. It wasn’t unheard of for a group to do this. After all, originals were really protective of their powers.

Around two hundred of their soldiers had made it, and everyone was checking in with their squads to see if everything was okay, not leaving the area they were in just yet. So far it seemed like everything was fine.

"Sir look above." One of his men said.

Turning his head upward to the sky, he could see two moons in view, but their light was shining on something else. It was several blackbirds that seemed to be circling their location.

"They have been there for a while, we assume that they are the beast of this planet." The soldier informed him.

"We can ignore them for now," Paul said. "They don’t look like too much trouble if they come down and attack us, we can deal with them quite easily. Although try your best not to get their attention, we don’t want to reveal ourselves. Has anything else been found?"

At that moment, one of the soldiers had come down from an earth pillar that had been made. He was scouting from a high position, trying to see if there were any signs of anything around them.

"Sir, I think you will want to know about this. It looks like a giant shelter has been established?" The soldier reported.

"Giant shelter? What do you mean by that?" Paul asked.

’Well, you won’t believe it, but there are castles, and a lot of them, around fourteen or so I can see from here and it looks like a whole town is there"

Before Paul could even ask for more details, one of the squads started to act up. This was the scouting group. Inside the scouting group, one of the soldiers had a hearing ability. Allowing him to hear a great distance away, and his actions had shaken his squad.

"Report!" Paul shouted.

"I don’t know what is happening sir, but suddenly through the forest there are sounds of footsteps, and growls running towards us. There are too many for me to get an accurate count."

Paul looked up at the birds again, and now they seemed to still be circling around them. The birds weren’t ordinary birds after all. They were hovering above them so the enemy could know their location.

"Everyone ready up, prepare for battle." Paul commanded. "Prepare the portable teleporters for a quick escape if need be. Squad one, which direction is the enemy coming from?" Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The man gulped before he could answer.

"Sir, the footsteps, the growls. They’re coming from all over the forest."

The army wasn’t unorganized though, and Paul didn’t panic. With this much information, he asked the squads to get in position, creating a circle, and then creating an arrow formation towards north in one direction behind the circle.

The arrow would be their attack force, while the circle was their shield. And right in the center of the circle, the teleporters had already been set up, but for Paul, it was a last resort. He didn’t know why but he had a feeling if they were to try to head back to Earth like the men from earlier, then a fate worse than what they were currently in was waiting for them.

Finally, the sound of the growls and footsteps could even be heard by all of them now, and they waited patiently until one of the creatures had come out from the forest. It was tall, pale in colour, and had white in its eyes. Its teeth sharp like a shark.

Something none of them had ever seen before, and soon there were many upon them.

"Go!" Paul commanded.

A wall of spears came shooting out from the first row of soldiers, hitting the creatures in the stomach and stopping them in their path. For a second Paul had a smile on his face, but it had only lasted a second.

For the creatures were still moving, using their brute strength. They smashed down on the earth spikes and continued to charge forward. The hole in their stomach was already starting to heal.

Their first foe coming to this planet... was an army of Wendigos.

*****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga