Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 521 Humans“ growth

Some activation of soul weapons took longer than others. The group didn’t want to allow the other side to get the advantage. Which meant the fight was now in full swing with the group charging forward. Surprisingly though, the one who was leading the charge and had gone in first out of everyone was Vorden.

While he charged towards one side of the formation, he didn’t care to draw his weapons out. The earth users seeing this, started to hurl multiple rocks towards him.

"Borden, knock the boulders away for me," Vorden asked.

"Aye, aye, captain!" Borden said.

The first large boulder was hurled and Vorden didn’t stray from his path, as he had his goal in sight. The next second they saw the rock being smashed to pieces and parts of it being hurled back towards them, hitting some of their soldiers.

Due to the rock blocking their way, they hadn’t seen that it was little Borden who had done the work. While Vorden would minimize movement, he allowed for Borden to be his protector. Finally, he had reached the first troupe, but instead of pushing, kicking or hitting him as the soldier thought would happen.

All he felt was a simple touch on top of his head.

"You don’t know how long it’s been, I have to thank you guys for coming over here," Vorden said with a smile, before pushing down on the head. "Sink!"

The ground below the soldier softened, and the soldier fell into it as if it was water. Soon after, the ground hardened again and only his head could be seen. Vorden, once again, could finally copy powers.

Backing him up on his side, Edward, Timmy, Peter and Logan had gone in, causing unexpected destruction and mayhem in their path. The goal was to attack fast before they could bring out their soul weapon.

As for the other half of the group, Leo now had his sword drawn. He didn’t have it in his sheathe like he usually would.

"Quinn, protect the girls. Let me deal with Paul." Leo asked, but rather than ask it was more of Leo telling him what he was going to do, because Leo had already charged in ignoring most of the soldier’s attacks, heading straight for the head general.

"This is perfect." Arthur said, "Let’s begin your training, shall we? Here you have three beautiful girls. Your job is using your shadow, to make sure not a single one of their pretty faces get hurt."

It sounded simple, but it really wasn’t. In fact, when Quinn thought about it it seemed impossible. There were multiple enemies attacking all of them. Quinn would have to spread his shadow thin and while fighting, try to move the shadow about protecting the girls where he could.

However, he knew getting stronger wasn’t going to be easy.

The shadow under Quinn split, part of it went to the two girls who would remain at the back. There was less of it this way, but it was the only thing he could do, because Erin was fighting by his side as a close quarter combat fighter.

Layla was busy firing arrows away. In truth, she wanted to evolve, but she couldn’t at the moment everything was too hectic for her, but she was glad she had learned the telekinesis ability beforehand. She had yet to improve it to level four, but thanks to having it, she was able to cause distractions and help where needed on the battlefield.

"Look out!" Cia said, seeing a rock being hurled at them, but before she had even moved, the black shadow raised up from the ground defending her. Quinn was doing a good job at splitting his focus into two areas.

But he was sweating, and it was affecting his ability to fight a little, as they could see he was getting hit often, but his strong body and healing abilities made up for that, and he was even making use of the blood wall more to protect himself.

Cia wasn’t completely useless on the Battlefield. When soldiers got close, she had a number of different gadgets she would throw out that would disable or trap certain enemies for a while. She had been gifted these from Edward before leaving the castle. The gadgets which had been created by the tenth, Vincent would even make the most normal vampire useful.

It wasn’t smooth sailing for everyone, as they were starting to struggle. The initial start of the fight had passed and most of the soldiers were able to pull out their soul weapons, making the fight more even and in their favor than before.

"We haven’t even gone through our second year of school yet!" Vorden shouted as he swung his blade with one hand, then used the ground to shift his body, moving away from another strike. "I wish I had my own soul weapon right now."

Off towards the center of the battlefield, Leo had reached the head of general Paul, and the two looked at each other for a while.

"You came over to me quite quickly," Paul said. "Do you have some type of grudge against me?" Floating behind him, were ten pieces of the black rock from before. They seemed extremely dangerous, considering that none of the other soldiers wanted to get close to Paul in his fight. For fear, they would get accidentally hit in the process.

Leo said nothing and just stayed a few meters away from him with his sword ready. The first rock was hurled like a bullet and a swing was made at the same time. The speed had matched, and the rock had hit the ground.

Then the next, and the next. The black rocks continued to be hurled, while Leo would hit them all away. The ones that were hit to the ground soon raised up and started to come at Leo from all different directions.

’I can’t cut it!’ Leo thought. ’My ability is allowing me to see where all the rocks will come from, if it wasn’t for that I would have been hit by now, but if I don’t break them, soon I will tire out.’

Leo this time was using everything he had in his attacks. The black rock was a lot harder than he thought. He was putting his Qi as well and lacing the edge of his sword with his blood energy, making it as sharp as possible.

’I have to cut it!’ Leo thought, swinging harder. Right now he was in his prime, yet on this planet, he had found the Demon-tier beast he couldn’t cut and now the head general’s special rock, which was most likely his soul weapon.

The speed that everything was happening at was beyond human, and Paul was starting to wonder if the person in front of him had some type of speed ability he was moving that fast.

From above, the spectators continued to watch the fight go on, and it was nothing like they had expected. They had thought of two possible results, that the tenth family would be so weak they would be wiped out in an instant, or that the humans would be so weak that the same would happen to them.

But that wasn’t true at all. Even if they didn’t want to admit it, they could see that Leo, the new vampire knight, along with the others were powerful. With so few men, they were able to hold off the army. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

And, as for the humans, they were a lot stronger than they had expected.

"These humans, they keep growing and growing. If we allow them to continue, then soon they will overthrow us. What is the king thinking? The time for us to act is now!" One of the leaders said in anger.

A lot of vampires hadn’t had any human interaction in years, and in their mind they were still the weak little ants. Some of them didn’t even see them as a threat or trouble until this fight had shown what they were capable of.

The fight continued all over the battlefield, and the only one that hadn’t joined in so far was Arthur. From time to time, he would come over to Quinn’s side and whisper him a new task. Perhaps tell him something different to do with his shadow.

Strangely as well, every time Arthur would do this. His Mc points that were used for the shadow would rise. It was as if Arthur could tell when Quinn would soon run out of MC to use the shadow, and somehow, Arthur was able to restore his MC so he could use his shadow again.

It felt like Quinn was playing the game where he could use his shadow skills as much as he wanted, only this time it was a real battlefield.

Back at the center, Leo’s fear was coming true, he was still unable to break the black Rock, and even him being a vampire he was tiring himself up, and eventually, it happened. He had been hit, and not just anywhere. One of the black rocks had hit him directly in the jaw flinging his head to the side.

The attack was hard, and Leo had to regroup himself moving slightly out from his position. When he turned his head back to look at Paul, his mask had been shattered and had crumbled, falling to the floor.

"Leo?!" Paul said.

*****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga