Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 524 Not my home

Stationed at the front of the king’s castle, were fifty or so vampires dressed in a uniform that Quinn had not seen before. Most of the vampire guards that would be stationed at their leader’s castle wore the same uniform apart from having the family seal on their clothing. There were a few exceptions like the ninth family who were in charge of the prison.

These men in front of him were dressed in finer detailed light armour, with a blue trim, thanks to Quinn’s life as Vincent knew who they were. They were part of the Royal army. These vampires weren’t included in the fifteen hundred quota each family was allowed, but even the king was only allowed a total of fifty or so in his own personal army.

They didn’t answer to anyone apart from the king and the Royal knights. The scary thing about them, was each one was meant to have the strength of a vampire knight. It was a reminder to Quinn there were many faces that he hadn’t even touched upon in the vampire settlement.

He was also sure after seeing the wendigos being used in the way they were on the battlefield. That they most likely had other dark creatures lurking beneath underground, ready to be used at any time.

To greet them was one of the Royal knights, named Dwight. His hair was flat on top of his head, and his facial expression seemed to never change when he was speaking.

"I will confirm to the king that the tenth leader, Quinn Talen has delivered the intruders as asked." Dwight said. "I think it will be best if you all return to your castle and such to rest for the time being until you are called once again."

The large vans were taken away and Dwight grabbed Paul personally by the arm. Seeing him get taken away, he looked towards Leo, as if he was expecting him to say something, telling them to stop, but no words were spoken and they all went towards the castle.

"I can’t imagine how he must be feeling right now." Said Layla. "In a place where he doesn’t understand what’s going on, where they are or who these people are. That’s probably why he kept looking at Leo."

Layla was right, he must have been going crazy with his thoughts, Quinn thought. Even though Paul was the leader of the military base, was all the wrong doings his fault? Did he deserve something like this? He wasn’t even in charge of the school where his life was hell, and the military school most of that was Duke’s doing.

"Wait!" Quinn shouted out just before Dwight had reached the doors of the castle. "What will happen to him?"

Dwight looked at Quinn for a little while before answering.

’This kid, I can’t tell if he will be good for us in the future, or just bring more trouble.’ Dwight thought.

"A decision has yet to be made." Dwight replied. "Don’t worry, you will be called soon, everyone will."

With that they entered the castle doors and they had shut behind them.

"Four days..." Logan muttered.

"What was that?" Fex asked after hearing him.

"I was just calculating how long we have left until school was meant to start up again." Logan replied. "I Still haven’t made up my mind with what to do."

"Maybe we should wait until we see what’s going to happen with these guys." Quinn replied. "From the sound of that Royal knight, our situation and position might have changed a little."

With their task and job done, and nothing else to do, the girls had asked Quinn if it was okay to head back to Amy. They still wanted to find out more about Cia after all, and honestly, they wanted to take their mind off everything that had just happened. They felt like if they just stayed at the tenth castle, they would just go mad thinking about things and wanted to keep their mind busy.

The girls had split off from the group again, but just before leaving Quinn had some words to say.

"Layla, just be careful." Quinn said. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The reason he said this was because he still had images of Layla being hit by the spear. She was moments away from death.

As for Layla, when she turned around there was a big smile on her face. The words spoken were few, but she could tell they were important. Because he had said those words only to her and not the two other girls.

When they arrived at the castle, the boys decided to split off as well. Logan wanted to break down the research he had found form the mountain and now with Peter back, he was his perfect assistant once more. Vorden, of course, was also interested in this and he could tell that Quinn had something else on his mind.

He hadn’t asked any of the others to do anything and continued to look at Arthur the whole way, as if he wanted to say something but couldn’t while they were out in the open.

"Call us if you need us again, and Quinn, we are still all alive, so don’t stress too much." Vorden said, going into the castle and up to the research room.

"Hey, hey brother!" Fex said. "That was great huh, we really kicked ass out there. I was a bit worried about joining the tenth family, but I never knew you had grown so much. And the teacher, how the hell did you manage to turn him, he was a beast before and now he’s like some kind of super beast..." the blabbering continued from Fex and suddenly, he felt someone pulling him along by the side of the arm.

"Sorry, I forgot to take this chatterbox with us." Vorden said having returned, pulling Fex away.

"I guess it’s my time to leave as well." Arthur said. "My offer still stands if you wish for me to train you more, Quinn."

"Actually, Arthur." Quinn replied. "I wanted you to come with me, inside the tenth castle. I need to show you something. Something you might want to see."

Edward gave Quinn a look. Honestly, he didn’t want Quinn to dive deep into these affairs. He just wanted Quinn to be a good leader and live his life at the settlement protecting the others.

But Quinn felt differently, he had lived Vincent’s life, and he was involved in this, and that meant Quinn was involved in this now as well.

This time, when they headed down to the tenth leader’s tombs, both Leo and Edward were by his side. Quinn felt better this way. He didn’t think Arthur would do anything to harm him, but he just didn’t know what was going to happen.

"Why have you brought me here?" Arthur asked.

All of them stood towards the back, where the four tombs were lit up in the blue glow.

"If I was to ask you what the first peoples king looked like, you would know, would you not?" Quinn asked.

"I would never forget his face. I have remembered it each day from the day that he had turned me." Arthur replied. "Once an enemy and now my friend."

The glances between Edward and Quinn continued, and if Edward knew what Quinn knew, he probably would have done everything in his power to stop what was about to happen.

Quinn didn’t say anymore, instead he walked forward and would let the rest play out. Any explanation would just cause a back and forth. Turning the large circle dials on the tomb, steam started to pour out, and the chamber was lifted.

Then through the glass, a man could be seen with his arms crossed.

Arthur looked at the man, and within a second his eyes had opened wide. He looked at the floor counting again. Making sure Quinn hadn’t opened the wrong one.

"Open them all!" Arthur shouted.

Not replying, or saying anything, Quinn went ahead and opened them all. In each of them, a leader was present. Arthur didn’t know most of the other leaders, but he knew who took the tenths place after the first king, and in that chamber it was the correct person.

But the reason for opening them all was to make sure there wasn’t some type of mistake

"Where is he....Where is Eno?" Arthur asked.

"This was why I wanted you to come down here." Quinn replied. "I don’t know what’s going on but the previous tenth leader. When he passed on the position to me he had shown me his memories, and in his memories I saw someone who looked like the first king, but if the first king had gone into eternal slumber, then that should have been impossible.

"No one here knows what the first leader looks like, and after hearing your story and with how....how old you are I thought I would check with you."

Arthur couldn’t believe it. He had seen the first king himself go into a slumber. Everyone was there when he had done so. There was no trick, otherwise the rest would have noticed. Which meant only one thing, that someone had woken him up, and placed another person inside the chamber.

The question was why....

The initial shock started to settle down in Arthur’s mind, but after this he realized that what Quinn had told him was a little strange as well.

"Quinn...tell me, how did you know what the first king looked like. Even if the past leader showed you his memories, he too should have known no such thing." Arthur asked.

This was something that even Edward had managed to miss, how did Quinn know?

This was the reason why he felt like it would be safer to have Leo and Edward by his side, he knew he would have to tell.

"There’s something I need to tell you, and it’s your choice whether you believe me or not, it was something the Bone claw showed me..."

******

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga