Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 531 Four more to go

The ritual was a success and even though he didn’t care too much about Paul. Quinn was still interested to find out what he could become. There were the regular vampires like himself and Leo, and then class A vampires like Erin, Class B which would be Peter, and Class C with Layla and Cia.

There were also classes that would be more trouble than they were worth, according to Edward. So it was best if they were prepared to deal with such threats as soon as possible. But with Dwight, Leo and himself, he couldn’t ever imagine Paul turning into something the three of them together couldn’t beat.

[Congratulations you have successfully completed the ritual]

[A vampire has been created]

[6/10 Cursed family members]

It was a good result. There was a little bit of fear that Paul would have turned into something complicated. Something new that he would have to deal with back at earth, but with a vampire, there were no surprises.

It seems like he had skipped the beginner step, unlike Quinn had done. At first, Quinn was a halfling, but Paul had become a vampire instantly.

"Looks like the results have been good," Dwight said. "It would be best that you inform him of the changes that will incur inside his body and how to deal with it. Now you are working for us, if there is anything you need, blood flasks or magic rings just ask Edward and we will send something to deliver them to you." He started walking out towards the door, not waiting for the others to say goodbye.

He opened the door and said his last words.

"Remember, tomorrow your new ally will be here and you will be off." And like that, he was off.

Paul had opened and closed his hand a few times as if he was a new-born baby. It looked like he was trying to do something and that he was. He was trying to see if his ability had really gone. He had never heard of something like this happening.

He tried to lift the ground, move objects anything but nothing had worked.

"Leo, I was wondering," Quinn said looking at Paul. "When you turned into a vampire, have you been able to use your soul weapon?"

"Yes, I have been able to," Leo replied. "But if you’re asking because you’re wondering if Paul can, then I do not know the answer. I was lucky and was able to learn my ability again. Earth, is not one of the abilities the vampires have correct? If I was to guess, then the soul weapon should still be manifested inside of him. Perhaps when he learns a new ability, his soul weapon will alter to aid his ability, but your guess is as good as mine."

Before, when Quinn had popped the question to Vincent. He had told him that vampires didn’t have things such as soul weapons, but this was different. If one already had a soul weapon, would they keep it? The reason Quinn was interested in this was because he was wondering if he would still be able to learn his soul weapon when heading back to the academy.

After all, it was one of the main focuses of their learning when they became second-year students.

Past that, Leo started to explain some things to Paul. The two of them were able to converse normally while Quinn’s blood would often boil every time he looked at him, so it was for the best that Leo was doing the explaining.

Leo told him all the basics about vampires and what he was to avoid. Such things as weakness to sunlight, along with his hunger for blood as well. And perhaps how from time to time he would have to reject certain foods. The most important thing was to blend in with society. It was lesson 101 for vampires. Quinn had done it for Leo and now he was doing it for Paul.

Back at the reception area, there was another certain individual who had managed to finish his evolution successfully as well.

He was sat down, and Edward was standing behind him. Making sure nothing had gone wrong during the evolution process. Standing up, they could see Fex was an inch taller. His hair had grown in size and was now down the back of his neck, even more, he looked fiercer.

’Is this that same idiot as before?’ Erin thought, although she too was shocked at her own changes when she had seen them, but seeing someone change in front of their eyes like that was a different feeling altogether. It felt magical almost.

"Thank you," Fex said. "It’s because of you I was able to evolve. I knew If I wanted to grow stronger. I needed someone who would have been able to push me to my limits. I was at the peak of my strength and needed that little push. Now I can finally start getting stronger again."

He started to walk off towards Erin and continued to stare at her. Erin looked around, wondering if he was looking at something else, but his fierce eyes continued to look at her.

"You are as strong as you are beautiful." Fex’s hand reached out as if he was about to brush her hair and instinctively, she pulled back. Her next reaction was to lift her leg, kicking whatever was in front of her. It just so happened to hit Fex right in his groin. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The pain went straight to his upper stomach, and he fell to the floor. In ways, he felt like this attack was worse than the evolution he had just gone through.

"I’ll beat your arse next time," Erin said. As she walked off with a frown on her face.

"Wait!" Fex called out as he got up from the floor and before Erin had turned around, she felt sharp pains in the back of her body. She had felt these things before, and during the fight against Fex just now she tried her best to avoid every possible chance to allow him to control her.

But she never thought he would do so now.

"The fight is over, what are you doing?!" Erin complained. Frustrated that she was unable to control her body. ’Did the evolution make him this much stronger, I can’t resist at all? I thought it would have all changed when I became a vampire.’

"It’s been a long time, and we might not see each other for a while. So I wish to leave you with a gift." Moving his fingers, Fex had done what he had done on the roof that day.

Controlling her body like a puppet. He moved it freely, creating a dancing style of swordsmanship. If it was the old Erin she would have resisted, fought against the control, but now she accepted help and change.

Ever since that day she had been chasing after this and she wanted to experience it again. Letting Fex have full control over her, she tried to memorize all the actions that were happening in her body.

And in doing so, she noticed a difference. The movements were a lot smoother than before, and the strength in each twirl, spin, and hit was stronger. It seems like Fex had improved in all aspects as well, and even the swordsmanship that had been shown was better.

"My family isn’t as weak as people think." Fex started to explain while continuing to control her. "That day, when my father protected me and my sister on the platform. He fought against the first leader but was unable to use his full power. He hadn’t brought his puppet along with him."

"For the thirteenth family, this is our main strength. It proved that he wasn’t ready for what was to happen. He had simply acted on an impulse that day. He didn’t plan to save us, but I was still happy." Fex didn’t know why he was babbling on about this. He just wanted to tell her about his ability a little bit, but he seemed to drag on about his father.

It was because he had no one to talk to about it with. Finally, Fex detached the strings and Erin was left free. When she turned around, he was no longer there, and Fex had disappeared off somewhere else.

"Idiot, you didn’t even let me thank you." She said.

Seeing the beautiful display of swordsmanship, Edward was now thrilled. Every time he would see the people that Quinn had brought with him, he couldn’t imagine the new tenth families power. He could see in his head images of vampires learning from this beauty. And although few couldn’t teach his strong ability, it would be good practice for the students to go against.

While in the middle of his thoughts. A loud knock was heard at the door. Opening it up, Timmy had entered the room.

"Sir Edward, all the preparations are complete. The people have started to gather." Timmy said.

"Excellent."

Going up to the throne room, Edward entered and could see Quinn sitting down looking outside. Quinn could see that the vampires down below were starting to gather just outside the castle area. Not quite directly in front of the castle, but a little bit ahead. There was an open area and a lot of space due to the inner castle housing area having fewer houses.

It looked like all of the tenth family vampires had been asked to come to such an event.

"Quinn, it is time," Edward said. "Leo, are you ready?"

It was time for Leo to reveal himself to the tenth people. Edward couldn’t help but feel a little nervous about how they would react.

*****

Reset day, remember to vote!

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga