Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 537 Starting the ship

For the students and the young ones, the spaceship looked incredible; they had never seen such a thing like it before. It was strange, although humans were able to travel through space, it wasn’t the same way the Dalki could.

When they came with their ships, it was a sign of how advanced their technology was. From the war the humans had actually managed to obtain the technology of teleporters before having manageable ships for travel in space freely.

The ships that they did make would be used to do surveillance on some of the beast planets that they already owned. Ready and preparing for another attack. This was why they had gone most of their lives never seeing such a thing before, and it was the same for the vampires as well.

The space ship was large and quite aerodynamic as this one focused on speed. The front part of it, the commander’s cabin, had a glass front allowing you to see out of it, and then got wider towards the back. A bit like a paper aeroplane. It wasn’t like a plane where there were two separate wings.

The back end of the ship was slightly larger and thicker as it had three huge thrusters that would be its main driving force, while also containing mini thrusters in other areas for control.

"It’s a new model, that still in the testing phase, but it’s a fighter ship." Paul explained. "As long as it has remained untouched, there should be a few things on board, Weapons, mecha suits, a few exploration vehicles. It also should have some portable teleporters. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

"Although all of their destinations lead back to this place, they are pretty much useless."

The others couldn’t wait and were already running towards it. Paul Went off to the side towards another terminal. After inputting a code and placing his hand on the scanner. Everyone felt a sudden vibration below.

"What’s happening?" Layla said as she tried to get her balance.

Slowly, everyone including the spaceship was starting to lift from the ground. They slowly went up, and above, two panels started to slide and the bright sun was shining through.

When it finally reached the top, they noticed that they were in the center field that was in between all of the buildings.

"Shall we?" Paul said, pointing at the ship.

Quinn had to admit that even he was excited, and all of them started running towards the ship. Paul had handed over what was considered the keys of the ship. It was a small remote like device. There were many buttons on it and it seemed a little complicated to use.

However, unexpectedly what had helped him learn how to use the strange remote was his system. Using the inspect skill, it told him what every button on the strange remote did. Then when pressing one, the ship opened, and a ramp started to descend to the ground, allowing everyone to climb on board.

There was no tour as such, everyone was just running about going where they pleased, looking at everything inside the place. It looked big on the outside, and looked even bigger when they got in.

Upon entering the ship, you would have the main area. It was mostly a big empty space with not much inside. But in this room there were several automatic doors on the left and right.

It would go off into certain areas, such as a large canteen, a sleeping area for everyone, a training room, a research room and even more. Everyone was getting more excited as they went from room to room. It was like the whole school faculties had been compressed into one place.

Seeing everyone’s faces like that warmed Paul’s heart a little. He had felt bad, but this whole time he had only been thinking about pleasing the supreme commander and winning this long war. He had never had the time to rest.

In one of the rooms, they found many uniforms and it was a design they were not too familiar with. They were all still in the clothes they had borrowed from the tenth’s castle and didn’t really fit in with the current times. So each one of them decided to change.

The clothing was made with the latest technology in breathable air. Made out of high quality materials and would regulate the human body temperature. It was mostly blue and gray in design and had little lights of blue liquid going throughout that would regulate the suit.

"It’s made of a special type of beast and is actually powered by its crystals." Paul said. "In a way it’s beast gear armor, or more precisely beast gear clothing. It’s another prototype for the new soldiers, it will offer you some protection as well."

"The problem was, the beast it’s made from is quite rare to find, so the project was discontinued. All that we have here on board is what was made of it." Paul explained.

Looking at everything there seemed to be about a hundred or so suits. After everyone had finished exploring the first area, they all met up in the large main room again and changed wearing the new clothing.

It was time to go on the bridge. The bridge linked the main room to the command centre at the front of the spaceship. They all got inside a large round dome see-through room.

It looked as if it could fit about five hundred people inside at a time. Then all that was needed to do was pressing on the control inside the room if you wanted to go forward and back. Suddenly, it started to move forward and they were moving along the center of the ship.

Looking through the glass they could see below them, which was the storage room. There was where all the other items were. The vehicles, the Mechs, and other things.

It seemed too good and strange that students who had yet to finish their military training were suddenly on such an advanced and expensive project. Quinn couldn’t imagine the amount of money and supplies that would have gone into creating something like this.

All in preparation for the future war.

Finally, the bridge had stopped and opened. They had exited into the main command room. It was designed in a sphere-like shape: there was a small platform that went outward if one was to walk forward and it would allow them to completely see out of the glass window seeing everything.

Then, from either side, a descending spiral staircase that went to multiple terminals which had screens and all sorts of buttons. It all looked too complicated for them to do anything with it.

After looking around, they eventually all went back up to the platform area, where there was a digital table centered in the middle. It was a table that could cast projections that would show 3d holograms of maps and things.

However, none of them had a clue how to use any of it. It was tempting to touch buttons while they walked around the place, but it was better if they didn’t.

"There is one problem." Paul said as everyone stood around the table. "I don’t know how to fly this, and usually it takes quite a substantial crew to make it work."

"And you decide to tell us now." Peter said frustrated. "Quinn, this guy is taking us on for a ride. Why get our hopes up like that."

Peter didn’t really like Paul to begin with. He was one of the people that had been in the so-called dungeon.

Still, Paul didn’t have bad intentions. Part of the reason he wanted to come down here was to see if there were still people alive, and who knows maybe they could figure something out and get it to work.

"I think we will be okay." Logan said. As both of his hands were pressed down on the digital map. He closed his eyes and he could feel it. He could tell the whole ship was speaking to him.

As if it was alive. He hadn’t felt like this in a long time. So many of the machines in the vampire place had rejected him, but for the first time in a while this one was accepting of him. They didn’t need a crew to control such a thing. He could do it all himself.

Lights, and the sounds of multiple things clicking could be heard, and the start of the engine warming up had turned on.

Since the spaceship hadn’t been used in a long time, it would take a while for it to warm up, and Logan had to make sure he had every part of it communicating with him. It would take a while and it was hard the first time, but eventually he would be able to get the hang of it and leave them to their own devices.

He would only have to come back from time to time if he wanted to change the instructions he would have to give each component.

"Next thing is, where do we go from here?" Vorden asked. "We have to assume that maybe the other military basis got hit like this one. Is there no communication devices on board?"

"There is." Logan replied. "Should we try to make contact?"

"Wait!" Quinn shouted. "Not just yet, I think we should try to find someone, just anyone, to see what’s going on first. It would be hard to explain to people how we survived an attack, and if the military has been taken over. Maybe we are just reminding them that we’re alive."

"I would suggest we try to find the closest human settlement. Maybe a city of some kind. If we run into any trouble, I can give them my clearance codes." Paul said.

Logan was on it, accessing the spaceships database he had access to a world map and where they were.

"I’ve got it." Logan said. "But you’re not going to like this, Quinn. The closest city to us is Dreamland."

It was the city owned by Jack Truedream.

*****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga