Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 538 Survivors?

"No, we can’t go there!" Peter shouted in protest "Unless we’re going there to kick his ass and pull his balls out."

Everyone was silenced in the room from Peter’s words. He had come off a little strong after hearing Jack’s name. But Quinn had to admit it, he felt the same way when he thought about it.

A man as cruel as Jack was part of the big four, his faction was so big that he owned a human city to himself. It had the highest number of members compared to any of the other factions. On top of that, it had a close relationship with the military. In a way, he was more untouchable than the other members of the big four.

"I know how you guys feel about him, but we aren’t going there to team up with him," Paul said. " We just need to find out what happened. If war has broken out somehow, it will be one of the safest places for us. Remember, you are all still technically part of the military. Me and Jack have a close relationship. If he sees us coming in, I can tell him why I’m here to see him. You guys can just stay on the ship."

Quinn thought about it for a while, wondering if it would really be okay, they did just need information after all. And they could stay there until they figured out what was going on. With Paul, he could even get them to use the teleporters.

"No" An unexpected voice had protested, and it was from Kazz. "I was told that that man can’t be let out of our sights. He can’t go in on his own. I will go with him."

Now things just seemed to be getting worse, Quinn couldn’t have the two of them going in to meet Jack. Quinn still had no idea how wild she might be. Maybe a wrong word and a fight would break out. But he understood, there was a chance that Paul would tell Jack everything, and in turn, he would report it to the supreme commander.

Then he started to think if he was to go along with the three of them, while the others waited on the ship. However, dark thoughts began to fill Quinn’s mind. If he could sneak up and be right next to Jack, maybe there was a chance to get rid of him.

Jack’s main weakness was the fact that he wasn’t very strong. Quinn had grown so much compared to the last time they had met. If there was a chance, he could pay them back for what they had done.

After thinking about it for a while, Quinn had an answer.

"I don’t think it’s a good idea. Are there any other establishments owned by another faction? Or maybe a neutral ground?" Quinn asked.

Logan closed his eyes and started to have a look again, and the next closest one appeared.

"Yeah there is a city past that, but we would still have to pass Dreamland on the way," Logan replied.

"I think that will be for the best," Quinn replied.

Everyone sat at a terminal and pretended to look busy. They didn’t need to do anything, as Logan was the one controlling it all. Still, it made them feel important, and they imagined themselves as a crucial part of the team to manage the ship. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Even Kazz was getting into a part of the roleplaying as she air typed away and would refer to Logan as the captain.

"Captain, are we ready for launch," Kazz asked.

"Yes, all preparations have been made," Logan replied.

"Captain, all power thrusters are fully heated and ready to go!" Fex commented. Even though he had no clue if that was true or not.

Paul started to shake his head. These kids were so strong, so brave, but they were just kids at the end of the day.

The spaceship started to rumble, and slowly they could feel themselves lifting off the ground. When it was finally a reasonable distance off from the floor. The thrusters’ powers from behind turned on, and they were ready to go.

The acceleration started off slow as they went through the air, but gradually sped up, not to cause shock to everyone on the ship. Eventually, though, they were travelling as fast as an aeroplane.

"Can it go faster than this?" Quinn asked.

"It can, but I wouldn’t recommend it," Logan replied. "We would have to be all buckled up, and we weren’t really trained for these types of things yet. It could make us all seriously I’ll."

The destination wasn’t too far anyway. For a spaceship at least, they had to travel still miles over the sea, all they could do was wait. The ship was a lot easier to manoeuvre than a plane, and it was able to make sudden movements. Moving up and down, left to write quickly for its size.

"You have arrived at, destination Dreamland city." A voice said. It was a soft female voice and the sound of the ship. Logan looked towards Quinn, wondering what he wanted to do.

"Let’s just talk a look," Quinn said. "I still don’t think it’s a good idea, but let’s have a drive-by. Maybe even they were affected if a fight broke out. We can see how the city looks like."

The ship started to descend out of the sky, but not entirely still staying a reasonable distance in the air. Still, they were no longer in the clouds and could see clearly out of the glass screen and down by the sides.

"Huh, I don’t see anything," Cia said, poking her head right up against the glass.

"Yeah, isn’t it a city, doesn’t Truedream live in some kind of fancy tower?" Said Layla. "We should be able to see it by now."

"He does.." Paul slowly said, being just as confused as the others.

"Are you sure we are in the right place?" Vorden asked.

"Positive." Logan replied "The map says it should be right here. Should I go lower, maybe we can spot something?"

"Go ahead and do that," Quinn ordered.

The ship started to descend and move downwards. Finally, they could see something in view. They weren’t prepared for this, they weren’t prepared to be so shocked twice in one day. Just like with the military base, everything was destroyed; only it looked several times worse.

All of the structures looked like it had been hit by some type of nuclear bomb. The whole city was no longer three. Only rubble and destroyed buildings could be seen that had been completely pushed to the side from the centre.

And just like before ,they couldn’t see signs of life there either.

"What has happened, is the whole of the earth like this?" Layla asked. She couldn’t even keep her mouth closed because she was still in shock.

"This really does look like a scene out of a zombie movie," Fex said.

*Beep *Beep

"Quinn, there are some signs of life that have been picked up on the scanner. A small group of around ten or so men. Should we land near them?" Logan asked.

It was quick decision time. But the nice thing to hear was that they had finally met some people that were alive. However, Quinn still needed to be cautious, it could quite possibly be the enemy as well.

"Let’s land in the city but away from them for now, maybe a few of us can go check out who they are," Quinn said, and Logan started to do as he said.

Paul was watching everything, and he noticed that everyone seemed to do what Quinn said without asking. They trusted his judgment, at the same time, his decision making wasn’t so bad. Although sometimes he perhaps was too cautious.

Still, he had a good head on him and wasn’t as naive as he looked.

The ship had landed, and it was time to decide who would go off the ship to check out the people below, and who would stay to look after and protect the ship. What Quinn didn’t expect, though, was for everyone to want to leave the ship.

It was a good place, but they were just as curious as the others to find out what was going on in this place.

The ramp was let down, and every one stood at the entrance waiting to be picked. "Come on, you know we are bro’s!" Fex said.

"Quinn, I will do whatever you ask of me, but I have known you longer than him," Peter replied.

The two girls just tried to look cute, as they gave him puppy dog eyes, and Kazz had suddenly joined in behind them.

Vorden had already moved over to Quinn’s side. It was a bold move, but he did this to ensure he was picked.

Quinn struggled to make a decision, but it seemed like he didn’t have to struggle for much longer. They could all hear the sound of tires screeching loudly. A few moments later, and two large jeep vehicles with men inside had climbed out.

"Lieutenant Bugen from the third branch!" A man shouted. "State your reason for being here."

Turning around, they looked at who had arrived, and it appeared they were all wearing military uniforms. When they had seen the large ship, the soldiers had assumed that someone from headquarters had arrived for some unknown reason.

When Paul turned around, they all recognized him instantly and gave a salute out of respect.

"Head general Paul, You’re alive?" Bugen said in shock.

Paul looked at Quinn first, as to ask permission on whether he could speak or not. The other soldiers didn’t notice this, but Bugen did and made a note of it.

"Yes, it would seem so. You see, I have been away for a while and have...come to this. Do you care to come inside and have a chat?"

They were finally going to find out what happened during their summer away.

*****

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga