Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 551 Love sick

Blip looked at the four of them with intent, he would be the first to fight and was trying to decide out of all of them, which one had the most potential. The only thing he could go by was the first assessment since none of them had soul weapons.

After deliberating over it for a while, he had finally made a decision.

"You with the gel backed hair, I pick you." Blip said with a smile.

The person he had selected was Fex. In his head, there were really only two people to choose from. Quinn or Fex. Out of the two, he had chosen Fex because of his unique ability. The speed ability had been seen many times before and there were quite a few people who knew how to stop it with ease.

A simple earth user was usually enough to deal with them. They either made the ground beneath them soft or created a large earth dome, compressing it, to smaller and smaller sizes.

"Let’s get this started, shall we." Blip said as he threw his large overcoat to the side. Underneath he had revealed a set of beast armour, they had never seen before. This whole time Blip had been wearing quite the large overcoat covering himself. One could tell he was wearing beast armour underneath it, but not the finer details.

Now that the overcoat had been taken off. They could see the armour clearly. Most of it was black in colour with a few purple shades here and there, but what stood out, was the fine level of craftsmanship built into the beast gear.

Engraved on all the pieces of armour were spiral patterns along with small feathers. Then underneath his pecks on the chest piece, was what looked like fierce eyes. It was impressive, and Quinn couldn’t imagine how long it must have taken to make such armour.

Even more so, Quinn was interested in looking at what level the beast gear was at.

[Inspect]

[Emperor tier chest piece]

[King tier shoulder pads]

[Emperor tier boots]

[King tier dagger x2]

He had to blink twice to make sure he had seen the right thing. It was the first time Quinn had ever come across a weapon and armour at such a high level. He had seen a couple of the school generals have a few king tier pieces but not at the emperor level.

So far, humans had discovered eight different types of beast crystals, and with it, eight different gear and equipment levels could be made. The eight tiers were as follows.

[Basic tier]

[Intermediate tier]

[Advanced tier]

[King tier]

[Emperor tier]

[Legendary tier]

[Demi- god tier] Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

[Demon tier]

Of course, the higher the tier, the stronger the beast needed to be killed to obtain it. At the same time, they were even rarer.

Quinn started to remember how much trouble he had gone through just to kill the king tier beast and how he didn’t even get the crystal from it. The strongest equipment he had on him right now was the advanced tier gauntlets, and that was only because Leo had given him the crystals to make it.

The fight between the two of them had started, and Quinn was interested in seeing what ability Blip would have. The inspect skill didn’t show him, so he thought it would be an interesting one. Since they were out of the military base, no longer would Quinn have to see so many earth users again.

However, he had underestimated Blip’s power. Maybe through talking and leadership, he was quite a casual person, but when it came to fighting. It seemed like he had turned into a completely different person.

He had gotten into a fighting stance, and there was no longer a smile on his face. In turn, Fex was cautious by nature before moving in.

He tried going in. His plan was to pretend to attack Blip, and while doing so, he would attempt to tie him up with the strings.

A few punches were made and as expected Blip had dodged the attacks, with the string lightly going onto his arms. Fex would only tighten it when he had him completely wrapped him in his web, but then. Blip had taken out his daggers and appeared to cut the invisible string.

To everyone else, it looked like he was just cutting thin air, but somehow Blip was able to see it. Fex now knew this was a man where tricks wouldn’t work on him. The fight continued with Fex trying to develop creative ways to use the string, but with his string being broken so easily, he felt like he was running out of options.

If he had his blood string, then maybe he could do something.

"That’s enough, I’ve seen what you can do." Blip said. There was no feedback, and the whole thing had been recorded so they could look back at it later. When Blip went to sit down. Kazz was to go next, and Nate immediately volunteered himself.

"What are you doing?" Sam whispered. "Don’t you want to go against the blood evolver, against Quinn."

"You’re right, I do, but remember there’s four of them and three of us. Which means one of us will have to go twice. She has the regeneration ability so she shouldn’t be too strong, and I should be able to have enough energy to go against Quinn." He said back.

While he was walking to where Kazz was standing, there was a hop in his step as he was happy with what was about to take place.

The match had started, and Nate allowed for Kazz to make most of the attacks. She mostly used her long leg’s to kick at his head. Each time they would be blocked by Nate. He felt like he could go on all day, and the smile not once had gone away from his face.

While he was using his Harding skills and at the strength, she was kicking at, it didn’t hurt him one bit.

Slowly though, the kicks’ patterns would change, and so would the position of her feat. However, she was going up against the wrong person. Nate could see this, and each time he would respond by changing his own position, which would be optimal for blocking the attacks again.

The others had seen this a few times and felt like Kazz actually had a decent martial arts ability. She knew many different kicking techniques that would have done some damage, but enough was enough.

Linda gave a little cough. It was a signal for Nate to go on the offensive.

"Are you okay?" Quinn asked Linda.

The reason being, she had actually already coughed a few times throughout the fight, that the others were getting a bit concerned.

It was because, for some reason, it looked like Nate was refusing to attack, but by the dumb loved-up look he had on his face, they could guess why.

This time, Linda coughed once more louder than all the ones before, and it had finally snapped Nate out of his daze. After blocking the next kick, he shifted his feet forward so smoothly that he was able to get on the inside within seconds. Then Harding his fingers and placing his hand in a karate chop position. He went to strike down on her shoulder.

Somewhere, it would hurt but not cause a fatal wound. However, as he saw his hand go down, energy started to leave his body, and he began to feel weak.

’I can’t hurt her.’ He thought as a strange scent entered his nose. He quickly got out of there. If he couldn’t hit her, then he needed to get out of the striking range.

"The assessment is over," Nate said, walking back to the others.

When Nate finally sat down, he couldn’t get the cold stare of Linda’s eyes off him. "You were meant to hurt her to see how far she could go, and so we could see how strong her ability is?" Linda asked.

"I tired," Nate replied. "I seriously tried attacking her, but when I did, something felt strange. It was if my energy was being absorbed from my body. It wouldn’t let me hurt her."

Linda gave a huff before looking away and mumbling the words. "Love-sick boy." She knew that what he was saying couldn’t be possible unless she had lied about her ability.

The next contestant was Paul, but Blip didn’t really know who to put with him. Blip wasn’t that interested himself. The only one from them that was free that hadn’t gone yet was Linda, so his eyes naturally went over towards her, but they were lowered, and she seemed to be in a bad mood.

In a way, he felt like if he put her in there with Paul, he would be punishing Paul for something he hadn’t done.

"Send the kid in again," Linda said.

"What! But I just went." Nate replied back.

"So, you didn’t really do anything’s, and you don’t appear to be hurt."

Blip looked into Nate’s eyes as if he was asking him this favour of him to go ahead and fight. In the end, he felt like he had no choice but to agree. Besides, now that he and Quinn were part of the same base, they would have plenty of opportunities to fight each other.

If he fought him now, it would just be like before anyway, where he couldn’t use the full extent of his abilities. So it was better to have a match away from the eyes of others.

While Nate would fight against Paul, it meant that Quinn would have to go against Linda for the final assessment.

Quinn had a good idea that Nate wanted to fight him, and he was betting on that. It would make it easier for him to throw and lose the fight. It seemed like this assessment was going to be a little harder than he initially thought.

’I’m going to make you show me what you got, Quinn Talen.’

******

You can read the first chapter of My werewolf system on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $1 dollar a month.

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

If you want to support the creation of the Webtoon, you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga