Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 571 Return of a Nightmare

Springing into action, Linda took off her clothes to review her beautiful white and gold armour underneath. She was wearing the best gear she owned, and she was ready to go into battle. Her two daggers were drawn held up in front of her.

"Each team cover an exit, we’re not letting this beast escape!" Kong shouted.

"No!" Linda shouted back. "I’m taking over. No one else is dying while I’m here. It’s too risky to have a single team covering an exit.

"Ranged users stay in the back! When you see an opportunity, tag it with a tracker. No one else is going to die, and at the same time, we’re not going to let this beast get away."

’What is this crap!’ Kong thought. ’They go ahead and make me the leader and then feel the need to babysit me by sending Linda. They think I can’t handle a simple king tier beast.’

Out of everyone, with no hesitation at all, Linda was the first one to charge in. Her aim was to gain the king tiers beast’s attention. She was confident in her armour and skills to at least hold the beast.

While running forward, she started to activate her ability. The features on her face started to change slightly, giving her a more charming look, her eyes narrowed, and the grip around her daggers tightened. When she eventually got too close to the beast, it came at her like a bowling ball with a large swing of its tail.

She lept in the air, and the tail had missed. The blow was so strong and fierce that the wind from the swing was felt all the way at the back by the rest of the group.

"Come on, we can’t just sit around, let’s go," Fex said, running forward and with him, the group followed.

’Are they trying to get a jump on the beast and get the last hit?’ Kong thought. ’Well, I’m not going to let that happen.’

"Come on, boys let’s go!"

With a battle cry, they too were now charging in. However, the remainder of Linda’s group stood there, frozen in place. In a way, Blip had predicted this, which was why he wanted Linda to go with them.

Blip expected that some of them would freeze at the sheer sight of a king tier beast, but they needed to experience this. If they wanted to improve, at some point in the future, this is what they needed to do battle with.

When running ahead, Fex was looking for Linda, he had seen her avoid the tail, but where was she?

"Above, above," Sam said.

Hovering in the air, she flapped her two dark black wings. Right now she really looked like a human mixed in with a crow. Her speed and movements were faster in the air. As she swept down, the beast tried to claw at her, but she was skilled, twisting and turning to avoid the blows. When going past the beast’s neck, she held out her dagger, and a cut was made piercing the skin.

"Too shallow." She said, but there was a smile on her face. Her daggers were king tier level, and the beast was a king tier. Her ability was one that improved her overall skills and body structure, but it wasn’t one that could be used to damage the beast alone.

If she had anything less than a king tier weapon on her, it would prove difficult to hurt the beast. Hoping to do some severe damage to the beast, she wanted to aim for the same wound again.

Diving in she avoided most of the attacks that were coming her way once again, here was the shallow neck wound she had made before. If she could dig in her blade and open up the wound more, then the others could aim for that spot.

Just as she was about to reach it, a large black ball had appeared from the side, and hit the beast in the head. It was a heavy blow, and the beast’s head was chucked to the side, causing Linda’s strike to miss, at the same time its large fat tail was swung outward and had knocked her out of the air.

She tumbled across the floor but quickly got back up. Her emperor tier chest piece had taken the brunt of the hit. Still, the force was strong, and she had been hurt.

"Damn it, I was so close." When she looked up, Linda could see that the attack had come from Kong’s group.

"Pass me another blackball," Kong said, and his teammate did just that. The ball was only a little bit bigger than a tennis ball. When hurling it, it came out fast and looked light, but when hitting the beast one could tell it was heavy for it had knocked the beast back.

The ball’s being used were made from intermediate beast crystals. It was costly for Kong, but it was the best way to use his ability. Depending on how many MC cells he would use, he was able to make an object lighter or heavier. At the point of leaving his fingertips, he would be able to transfer this energy to the ball, making them fire like a slingshot.

With the weight and speed, it had an even greater effect than a cannonball.

He continued to hurl ball after ball, keeping the beast in place.

"Kong wait!" Linda shouted. She was partially annoyed that it had ruined her chance and she knew that those balls would do nothing.

Another ball was thrown, only this time, it had swung it’s large tail again, and like a bat hitting a baseball, it threw the ball back towards Kong and his group.

"I’m not letting anyone die!"

Spreading her wings and shooting off like a rocket, she dived in front of Kong. The black ball had hit her chest pieces, and she had been thrown back into Kong, they were both sent flying back.

"What are you doing?!" Kong said as he shoved Linda off him.

Now she was kneeling over, and with a few coughs, blood could be seen coming from her mouth. The chest piece still remained undamaged, but she was hurt internally.

"If you were hit by that you would have died, you idiot. Stop getting in my way!" Linda shouted back in pain.

With her narrow eyes, Kong could tell she was furious. Instead of apologising, he just kissed his teeth. "Fine, I won’t get in your way at all. Boys fall back!"

At this point, the men, who were distracting the beast using their abilities, stopped and listened to Kong’s orders. "Go on leader, show us how it’s done," Kong said condescendingly.

She gritted her teeth, she wanted to punch Kong right there and then, she couldn’t believe they had allowed him to become a leader. Yes she was strong, but she couldn’t do this alone, all she wanted was for them to listen to her.

"Kong, you’re finished after this, you’re no longer a part of the Crows!" She yelled.

Kong moved away with his group and left Linda out on her own. The beast snarled and started to walk towards Linda. It wasn’t running away and was barely hurt. Kong was being cocky now, but if she didn’t do something, then they would all die.

Suddenly, a piece of red string started to wrap around the beast’s head and pulled it downward. It tried to snap its head, but a flurry of wind had come out hitting it on the nose, a sensitive spot for the beast.

It then tried to lift it’s claw’s up to scratch off whatever was around its neck, but at the same time, two people from underneath had attacked each claw.

One with a loud bang of a whip, and the other with his own set of claws.

"This is what you were aiming for right!" Fex shouted, pulling hard on the strings. "Then go for it."

With its head being constrained and its limbs being kept busy, the neck was left wide open. Fex and the others had come to help. Still, before jumping in, they were being observant, unlike Kong and his group. They could see what Linda was trying to do, or at least Sam could. He had advised everyone on the plan.

Not wasting time, Linda flapped her wings and flew forward, digging her daggers into the beast neck and slashing upward. Black blood now could be seen seeping from the wound. But the beast was still strong.

The beast pulled Fex up, yanking him from the ground with its power, but Fex’s string was strong and remained broken. He allowed him to reposition. Landing on the ground and making more string tying up the beast again.

With all of them working together and Sam giving orders, it looked like they were slowly taking the beast down bit by bit, and soon it looked like the beast would be killed. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Damn her, me out of the Crows!" Kong shouted in frustration. "Does she even know how much I have given up for this group?"

Holding the black ball in his hand, he looked up at the beast, it was now moving far too radically to get a clear hit on it. While Linda remained on the ground waiting for the perfect opportunity.

"You can’t kick me out!" Kong shouted, chucking the black ball, but it wasn’t heading for the beast. Instead, it was heading for Linda’s back.

"Boss!" Suze shouted.

Sam had remained quite far back and was close to Linda. He had been on the outside observing the situation, giving orders, and throwing in wind strikes where possible. His wind strikes were a mere tickle to the beast, but there was nothing else he could do. His mind was the only thing he could use to help in the battle.

Linda had been too focused, waiting for an opening and the only one that heard Suze call was Sam. Turning around, he saw the black ball. Sam then hurled in front of it, lifting his cape covering both him and her.

The ball had hit, and was strong sliding them across the floor, but it eventually fell to the ground with not much damage done to either of them.

Luckily, the cape was a gift from Nate, and was at the king tier level. Even with the added strength of an ability, the intermediate beast ball couldn’t do much damage.

Bringing the cape down, Linda could see the black ball, and it could have only come from one person.

For the brief second Linda was distracted though, the perfect opportunity seemed to have arrived. The beast had stumbled having lost a lot of blood from the wound. Fex had managed to pull even harder on the string opening it up and making a clear attacking place.

"I have to attack now," Linda said, but before she could take a step forward.

A large red line of aura had come out and hit the beast in the exact spot where the wound was. It was powerful and sharp, and chopped through the beast’s skin until it had cut halfway through the throat, and eventually, the beast had tumbled to the ground and was no longer moving.

"What happened?" Linda thought, but then she realised she recognised the red line of aura, she had seen it so many times when watching the video. It looked exactly the same as what the Blood Evolver would use.

From seemingly out of nowhere, a figure could be seen, and in his hand, was the beast’s crystal.

"Thank you for this gift, you have only made my job so much easier." A low deep voice said.

Looking in front of them, they could see a figure in complete black, on his face, a mask that looked like that of an oni, and the top of his eyes were like that of demons.

If anyone there was a student at the second military base, they would have recognised the figure instantly. For it was the same person who had devastated General Duke. It was the return of the Night Demon.

*****

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga