Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 587 Don“t attack the Blade family

The building the group were standing in could hardly be called a building anymore. Originally two floors, but one would never guess if they were to look at it. The roof had been completely blown away, allowing for the sunlight to pour down on them, and most of the walls were crumbled. As for one side, the wall had disappeared entirely.

When looking out from where the wall once was, they could see ten Sunshield family members walking towards them. Half of their squad had been defeated, but as for the Eagle members that were protecting the place, all of them had died, and even Dennis looked beat.

Linda helped him get to his feet as his wings started to retract into himself. He had fought with all he had using his soul weapon and managed to defeat many, but the soul weapon had used up all of his MC points. At this point, other than his physical strength and equipment he had on him, he was out of the fight.

The other’s stood up waiting for an attack, while Alex had remained by the old man’s side. He was still on his last breaths, and at least Alex could be there for him when he passed on. There wasn’t really much he could do to aid in the fight in the first place.

"My apartment..." the old man said "Inside..there is a portable.." But before he could finish, the old man was no longer.

However, both Quinn who could hear him from a distance and Alex knew what he was trying to say. There was something in the old man’s apartment. A portable teleporter and maybe their only hope of getting out of here.

But now standing in their way was ten men.

The Graylash leader looked at Dennis, he was beaten and then there were only Quinn and Linda that could fight. This fight was over.

One of the Sunshields dashed forward towards Dennis hoping to finish him off. Still, out of his side, he could see someone moving towards him, he drew out his blades and activated his ability coating it in fire, swinging it towards the man.

However, a strange shadow had encased the fire, stopping it, and the next thing he knew, he was sent flying with a punch that contained all of Quinn’s power.

The fire ability was quite unique compared to the other elements. Water, earth and lightning could be formed naturally, and at a high level, it seemed like it appeared out of thin air. Whereas the fire ability came from within themselves, as if their body was made of fire.

This meant nearly all fire users were close range fighters, as they couldn’t shoot out fireballs and things like so.

Seeing their member not get up from the floor, the Sunshield family members had paused.

’That’s right, the young shadow boy. If we got those orders, I’m sure they did too.’ The Graylash leader said as he ran out in front of Quinn.

"Stop!" The Graylash family leader said. "As you can see, this boy wields the shadow power. I’m sure of it, if the Graylash family got orders to not harm him, then the Sunshields did too."

Quinn could hear everything that was being said, and now he was even more confused. Had someone ordered them to not touch him, but why would they do that? Was it something to do with the vampires?

Honestly, Quinn was just happy that the Sunshield’s were hesitating for some reason. When Quinn used his inspect skill on the man in front, the instant level up Quest had appeared. It meant this person was strong.

Not only that, but Quinn had already used a considerable amount of his MC points, blocking the shots from the spaceships protecting the people. If there was a tough battle ahead of him, he wouldn’t be able to hold back, and even if they did win, there were four more squads like this one.

Fighting was a foolish option to choose. The best choice was to run.

"Ah, yes." The Sunshield squad leader said. "The order from the Blades to not touch the shadow boy right? Well of course we did, but are you Graylashes are genuinely idiots. Why would we follow that now? The war has already started, and if we plan to get rid of you, then we plan to get rid of them eventually as well.

"Besides, it’s clear by this boy’s ability he isn’t actually one of the Blade’s himself. He is only under their protection. If we get rid of him here, how long until they find out, how would they even find out?" The man started to chuckle.

A certain word, in particular, had stuck out to Quinn. The Blade’s. Did this have something to do with them? The Blades was Vorden’s family name, but things weren’t making a lot of sense. Why would the big three not attack him because of them?

Wasn’t Vorden’s family just an Original family?

But Quinn didn’t have much time to think, as the Sunshield family’s arms and legs covered themselves in fire, ready for a fight.

Quinn quickly placed his hand on the floor.

[Shadow travel] Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

From his fingertips, the floor and area around them started to be covered in a shadow until it had finally reached all members of Quinn’s group. They felt themselves sinking in. Suddenly, they were all in this dark space, and when they looked up, they could see the building they were in just seconds ago.

Back on the surface, the dark shadow circle remained, and it started to move along the floor, moving through everything. The Sunshield’s, seeing this, tried to attack it but Quinn had dodged and moved their advances.

This was another one of the new Shadow skills Quinn had learnt, Arthur had used it to transport them to the fourteenth castle once. However, Quinn realised that Shadow Travel took up his MC points quickly. If he was to use it for a howl, then he wouldn’t be able to use it for a fight.

Maybe for someone like Arthur, who had a large amount of MC, it was fine, but it would be a struggle for Quinn, especially depending on how many people were in it as well.

"Quinn, you saved us!’ Alex said, but Quinn’s face was sweating, as he was struggling to keep it up.

"Ah, Dennis, tell us where the old man’s apartment is quickly."

With Dennis guiding the way, Quinn was able to control the shadow and started to head in the right direction. Above, the others could see the fight in many parts still going on. Most of the citizens had already either escaped or were dead. There now were only a few of the Eagles as well as the Graylash people fighting.

Finally, they had arrived at the apartment building, which was partially destroyed but was in good condition compared to the rest of the Shelter. It was like Dennis had thought, they had information on all the important locations. They knew which areas to attack first, which was why this normal apartment building was left mostly unharmed.

Breaking down the door and entering the room, it didn’t take them long to find the portable teleporter the old man was talking about. It was placed on the ground and opened up. Where it went, who knew, but at least supposedly it would be safer than where they were.

"Wait!" Alex said. "Do any of us have the explosion thingy? You know what they use to destroy the teleporter once we go through. If not, won’t they just find us wherever we are? They’ll know we escaped."

It was true, but they couldn’t imagine them going through the teleporter to attack another planet again, would they? Still, it would bring unnecessary harm to whatever planet they were going to.

"Don’t you guys worry about that," Dennis said, standing up straight. "I’m staying behind anyway. There are still members of the Eagles left here, I need to protect them."

"I know how you feel." Linda said, "But you can’t defeat all of the members on your own, you can’t even transform at the moment. You would just be... Live!, Live to fight another day!"

But Dennis shook his head. "I have already decided."

A loud bang was heard again, the whole building started to vibrate, and it wasn’t long until they had heard another. Looking out of the window, the Graylash leader could see that they were using the ships to destroy building after building. A team would search it before hand, and then it would be blown to pieces.

He looked outside, and then he looked at all the others behind him, they were all standing by the teleporter ready to go in.

He walked over slowly to them, with his head down, and then stomping his foot on the ground and making a fist of lightning, he punched Dennis right in the stomach. The force was strong and sent him across and into the teleporter.

"All of you go." The Graylash leader said. "That idiot would have never left here if I didn’t do that. You have people to protect, and I have my people here too."

Unlike Dennis, the others didn’t have much attachment and started to go through the teleporter one by one until Quinn was left. As he partially stepped through the teleporter, he turned to say thank you, but the Graylash leader said one last thing.

"Boy." The leader said. "If you know the Blades well enough. Then maybe you can find them and stop this war."

These were the last words he heard before Quinn transported to a new land.

*****

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga