Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 591 The Collaboration

Upon returning to the shelter, both Linda and Dennis were left to do the talking. Quinn left it up to them to try and convince Blip of their plans. They knew him best, and Quinn felt like his presence wasn’t helpful at times like this.

Especially since most people, when looking at him, only saw him as someone who was young and naive. Their minds usually changed only when they saw him in action and Blip hadn’t done so. However, if he was to hear what happened from two people of high position and that he trusted, it was more likely he would be convinced.

They were in his office and told him everything. Linda recounted only parts of what had happened to the Eagles and how they were attacked, she didn’t want Dennis to relive that painful experience again. When she was done, Dennis was the one who had told him of the plan that Quinn had come up with and the resources he had to do such a thing.

They both had nothing but praises for him.

On top of this, Linda also had to explain Quinn’s credibility, about the large ship, and how he had defeated the emperor and king tier beast. And how he was the Night Demon. Which didn’t come as a surprise due to Blip already knowing full well about it.

Still, Blip was absolutely stunned after hearing everything about the Eagles, but he couldn’t imagine Dennis lying to him, and the pained look on his face said it all. How true all of this was.

"Those Graylashes, they haven’t even informed us or warned us." Blip said, frustrated. "If the Sunshields have already attacked one of the medium bases, they won’t just be attacking one. They will probably come after us at some point."

"That’s why I think it’s best if we go through with this. Detach ourselves from the Graylashes." Linda said. "Honestly, I don’t know how long we can be protected for by Quinn. He’s just a kid at the end of the day, but if you saw how those people reacted when they saw his power, it was different. Even the Sunshield family, they were almost scared to act. I don’t trust him a hundred percent, but I trust him more than any of the others out there."

Although Linda didn’t know why the big three were scared of him, she thought it might have something to do with the vampires, that she was now a part of. Maybe they secretly ran the whole thing behind the scenes, and that’s why they were scared of him.

Still, she had told Blip pretty much everything that happened, but she still hadn’t told him about herself. She wasn’t allowed to, but even if she was, it was something she wouldn’t have been able to bring herself to tell her brother just yet.

"Okay." Blip said. "But there are a few things I would like to suggest. First, the others won’t just accept Quinn as the leader. I would do everything as planned without telling the people, there is no need to cause a panic, but we will tell the faction members to prepare themselves.

"When the attack happens, we will move everyone to the large ship Quinn has prepared, and we will inform them it was due to him. They are more likely to listen to him if they feel in debt to him. This will hopefully get more people to stay, as well. We won’t be able to keep everyone.

"Second, even with this, there will still be people who just don’t agree with it. I suggest we form a seat of leaders. Me, Dennis and Quinn, with each of us having an equal say in what to do. That should stop any restless Crows from acting out."

A smile appeared on both Dennis and Linda’s faces. It didn’t seem like it was too hard to convince Blip after all. That was because they were unaware of the many confrontations that he was having with the Graylashes behind the scenes.

Now with all this sorted, he couldn’t wait for his next call when they were no longer a part of the Graylashes, he could finally say what was on his mind for the longest time.

While Quinn was waiting to hear Blip’s thoughts, he busied himself by introducing Alex to the whole group. He informed them that he was a forger that would be joining the team.

The first person he was introduced to was Sam.

’Quinn went all this way just to get a forger. He looks young, am I missing something? He looks so ordinary.’

"Hey, you just thought something bad about me, didn’t you?" Alex said.

Sam was startled. It was true, but he just didn’t know how to reply, he was staring at the floor as he was trying to come up with the words.

"I’ve seen those big eyes before. Everyone looks at me like that, but just you wait. When I create some killer equipment for you, you’ll change your mind. And you know what.... I’m charging you full price." Alex said before onto the next person.

All Sam could do was sigh, he hated confrontation, and he couldn’t fight back because it was true.

"Hey, you’re wearing the chest piece I created," Alex said when he came across Fex.

"You were the one who made this?" Fex said with his eyes open.

"I can see me, and you are going to get along well. Anyone with such a good eye is cool with me." Alex said with a thumbs up.

The interaction with Kazz was quite short, as usual, she put on a cute smile and proceeded to shake Alex’s hand.

In doing so, Alex’s face went bright red, and he thought one thing. ’Cute.’

’Is this the person Quinn said is extremely dangerous and will kill us if she finds out about the skill he used.’ For some reason, behind the innocent look on her face, he just couldn’t see it, but he would be sure to keep his word.

Finally, he was introduced to Paul and out of everyone, this was the biggest shock of all. The two of them shook hands.

"It’s nice to welcome you onto the team." Paul said.

"Yes, sir." Alex automatically responded. When seeing Paul, he felt like he was still at the military school.

Paul shook his head.

"You don’t answer to me now, he’s your leader."

It was really true, after all. It was amazing enough to learn that Quinn was the Night Demon who had beaten Duke, but to also somehow get the head general under his wing. He just couldn’t imagine the events that could make that possible. Of course, Alex knew nothing about Quinn being a vampire.

With the introductions done, the others asked whether or not they would be going on a quest now that he was back, but Quinn had other things he wanted to do.

The attack from the Sunshields was coming, and with Kazz on his back, there was a major problem. Quinn wouldn’t be able to use his vampire powers, limiting his potential. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

What he was worried about now more than anything, was the tenth’s people. He was sure he was strong enough to go against her, to silence her or force her. But if they found out that Quinn broke the rules, what would happen to Leo and Erin who were still there and what about the people?

While living his life as Vincent, his body had gone through the pain of already abandoning them once, and for some reason, Vincent’s duty felt like it had become his. He couldn’t just leave the vampires on their own. He couldn’t just break ties with the vampires just yet until he knew what to do with them.

On top of this, Quinn also wished to go back to the chamber and speak with Vincent when he had reached level forty, completing his quest. Because of all of these things, he chose not to break the rules, angering the council further. Perhaps even being banished from the place.

At some point in time, Quinn’s own goals and Vincent’s goals were now in his head all along.

However, this meant he wouldn’t be able to beat the Sunshiledes or at least it wouldn’t be an easy fight. Yes, he had the help of the others with him, but they wouldn’t be able to use the full extent of their powers either. So Quinn needed something more.

He would be able to use his shadow ability, but there was one more thing he had yet to finish learning. That was his soul weapon.

Before the attack, Quinn was determined to finish his soul weapon.

*****

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga