Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 596 An Unexpected visi

The two bodies stayed their lying on the floor. At any second now Logan wanted them to get up, but they were unmoving. His mind had just gone blank. It felt like the cogwheels in his head suddenly just stop turning he couldn’t think, and his head stayed locked looking at them.

His eyes were blurring, and a lump in his throat was felt. Through his teary eyes, he wasn’t even sure if it was them.

His body naturally moved closer and closer to them, and then without a doubt, he had confirmed it. Those were the faces of his Mum and Dad. He dropped to the floor; they weren’t breathing and judging by the slightly pungent smell they had been dead for a while.

But that’s when he realized, it couldn’t have been for too long. No, their bodies still looked too good for that. There was a small burn mark, a hole looking like a cigarette burn where their heart would be. Due to the weapons Logan used, and some of them he programmed, he could tell they came from a crystal lazer.

"Why would anyone even want to kill you?" Logan said.

Then, just as he was about to inspect his mother’s and father’s bodies to see if there was anything else he could find, a message was sent to his head. One from the spider, he controlled. When entering the room, and seeing dead bodies, while his mind was still there. He had dropped the spiders to see if the killer or anyone was in the room. Honestly, it had become a habit as well.

It was only when he actually saw the bodies that his mind had frozen. One of the little spiders had a clear view of Logan and was sending him direct information about the robot hovering in the air behind him.

Looking against one of the metal terminals in the room Logan could see it, the robot’s blue light had switched to red. It was a software procedure that they would put in their items such as this one. A sign to tell when the system had been hacked.

The Greens weren’t foolish enough to think their systems were unhackable. There could always be someone out there with a similar ability, and there was always Truedream as well. On top of this, maybe even a family member would have deserted them to start a rival company of sorts. However, this was unlikely.

For some reason, the Greens always only had one child, and if it were a female marrying into another family, it would be on the condition of keeping the Green family name.

Logan could see it all. The robot was swaying from side to side, and the red light was getting stronger.

’Did it already use a lot of the beast core energy inside it to fire the attacks against my parents?’ Logan thought after seeing this.

It had to be that, and it would take some time before it could fire again.

Logan waited and waited patiently, and then when the red light was strong enough, he could see the particles starting to form, at just the right time. He ducked out of the way, and the beam continued forward hitting his mother’s body, burning another hole through it.

"Ash, you bastard!" Logan Shouted, as the spiders around him were already forming a suit. Out of anger, Logan had created an energy blade of his own and tried to slice the ball out of the air. His swing was wild and the robot ball had moved out of the way avoiding the attack.

When this happened, Logan was actually pleased the robot had avoided his strike. His body was taken over by rage, what he actually wanted to do wasn’t destroy the robot, but capture it. Then maybe he could find the answers of who had done this, as well as possibly finding out if the robot really was the one that killed them.

The red light on Ash had dulled, and it looked like Logan’s guess was right. It was running out of energy. When a beast crystal was used, it would produce a certain amount of energy, but that energy could be recharged. That was unless you were to use the beast crystal in a pure form or source of power, just like Logan did in his attacks and it was the same for the robot here.

The robot was high up in the air, floating as if taunting him that Logan could never reach him. He looked at his parents on the floor one more time. They were never fighters. The Green family never really thought of using their abilities that way. They just loved creating items and doing research.

Logan was the odd one in his family creating certain suits and such, meeting Quinn and the others advanced this idea of needing to create stronger weapons.

"This is the one place, where I’m probably stronger than anywhere else," Logan said.

The room was full of machinery, wires hanging from above, and robots on certain tables half-built. Drones that hadn’t been deployed all over the place. The fact that only this Ball was malfunctioning and not any of the other equipment was trying to kill him, meant only this one had been infected.

The A.I system, Ash itself hadn’t.

Placing both hands on the ground, Logan started to communicate with everything inside that room. He could feel the energy of all the machines and everything speaking to him. All of the information was being processed, and if one was to look into his eyes, they could see a slightly green hue.

’Catch that ball.’ He ordered.

All the equipment started to move, even those that were half-built and started to head up towards the ball. From there, it didn’t take long for Logan to get his hands on the ball. Eight drones had surrounded it tightly, and a claw-like object that looked like a snake form a rover was grabbing hold of it from behind. The ball was brought over to Logan, and he placed his hand on it. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

He was expecting to communicate with it, to be able to talk to it, but just like the equipment back at the lab in the vampire world, he was unable to.

Using a few tools, the ball’s energy source was taken out, and it was no longer a threat. Logan was tired, and all the machines went back to their rightful place. He hadn’t used that many MC cells in a long time, and it wasn’t a rate he could keep up.

After some rest and sleep, some time for his MC points to recover, Logan got control of one of the rovers in the house. The rover’s bottom half was like that of a vehicle which made it so it could travel fast and go over any terrain, while its top half had a body like a human.

The first order of business was to let his parents rest peacefully. There were many different rooms in the house which would be used for different types of experiments. Sometimes when they created certain things for the military, they would need to be tested.

One of these rooms had a glass door from one side you could see through, and the temperature could be adjusted from the other side to extreme. Either extremely hot or cold. In this case. Logan had set the room to cold and left his parents to freeze in there for now.

He wished to bury them, but he wanted to do so on earth. The time where he had spent it mostly with his parents.

"Ash are you there, are you still working?" Logan said.

"Yes, master," Ash replied.

"Why didn’t you get rid of the anomaly?"

"There was no anomaly detected, Master."

"You stupid... stupid... stupid, stupid." Logan kept saying as he went down on his knees, looking at his parents dead, not moving. He hadn’t spent much time with them, so why was it that now they were gone, there was this stinging pain in his heart that hurt so much?

After staring at the ground for who knows how long, Logan regained himself once again. The lights were turned off in the room. When leaving the place, he made a promise to himself. He had all this anger inside him, and he didn’t even know who to blame for it.

Until he found out who killed them, and took them out himself. He wouldn’t return to this room.

The rover had searched both his parents to see if there was anything on him but there was not, so the only places he thought he might have got answers were here in the research room or with the robot.

Due to his ability not working, He would have to use his manual skills to try to extract the information. But Logan wasn’t one that relied on just his abilities in the first place. There was a reason why his parents would always... always call him the little tinkerer.

More determined he had finally extracted some video footage from the robot’s perspective of what happened. It was like he thought, the robot had indeed been the one to kill them. The footage in the robot could only record what happened in the last two weeks.

For one week, his parents had been lying in the lab dead, skimming from the begging. It showed his parents coming and going with nothing unusual happening.

Then there were the moments of his parent’s death. He thought there was nothing strange at first, but he had watched the video a few times, again and again, to see if there was anything he could spot. That’s when he saw moments before their death. Both his parents glanced at each other. They had a look on their faces, and that’s when they had died.

’They knew they were going to die.’ Logan said, but why.

*Ding dong Ding Dong

"Sir, there seem to be visitors outside the mansion. Would you like to let them in?"

"Show feed."

A video screen had popped up, showing a group of people stood outside of the wall. Still, it wasn’t just any group of people, standing in the centre was someone many people would have recognized.

For they were one of the people that currently controlled one of the strongest powerhouses. It was Mona. The leader of the Bree family and one of the big three.

"What is she doing here?"

*****

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga