Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 601 The last turner

Logan had finished telling the other two in detail everything as much as he could and as much as he remembered. The other two were hanging on to his every word. For Peter, who used to be human, this was very important. The whole world’s events had changed, and it looked like the Green family was in the centre of it. But he couldn’t blame the Green family, they were involved without knowing about it.

And as for Fex. He had no clue the Vampires were involved with such a thing.

He knew the Eno’s were the tenth family but had no clue what their names were or who this person was, as well as the Dalki. The whole thing had been stripped from vampire history as if they had no relation to it.

All he knew was that they were consuming regular red human blood, not the green blood the Dlaki produced. So somewhere along the way, perhaps in the vampire council must have chosen to have hid it. To conceal this mysterious person and anything related to him. But Fex was far too young to be someone who would have knowledge of this. Maybe his father or Bryce would no more.

Still on the hologram video screen, Logan had a few more details to tell the others before he was done.

"After finding out all of this, I did some digging of my own. There were some reports of public files that a certain beast, one that they were unable to determine the level of had attacked a city. the whole place was destroyed. I tried to find any follow-ups, but it just said the beast was dealt with, which was the end of that. Although it seems strange. When accessing the files, specific dates have been moved and details altered.

"It was like they were trying to hide something. There is a chance that a demon beast had attacked Earth at one point and it might still be here. Which was why the Dalki had attacked coming to look for it. Although it might not be the one they were looking for.

"But when the Dalki were unable to find it, after having a war with Earth for so many years, they were okay with backing off for a while. They were just wasting their time. And right now they are searching beast planet to beast planet just like us, trying to find the Demon tier beast.

"The scan that my parents found shows a demon tier is located on another planet. Whether this is what they are looking for, I don’t know. The scan only shows the energy source and not the shape nor what the beast looks like. Still, I have started to spread the information to all of the powerhouses.

"Soon, everyone will know, and they will start making their preparations. I plan to go along with the Bree family with Mona. It has already been agreed. I think it would be the perfect opportunity for all of us to meet up there. We can leave whatever group we are with and head back on the Ship together. In the confusion or fight, they can just think we have died.

"If you can, tell Quinn everything, Maybe me and him are involved in this more than we know." With that, the video call had ended.

As for Logan’s last words, the reason for him saying that was because of Quinn’s system. When doing a bit of research, the system was his first ancestor who had obtained the ability, Logan. The A.I gaming system he created sounded a lot like the one Quinn was using, and it would also explain the strange reaction the two of them got when they first touched.

It was a little ironic that Logan first agreed to work with Quinn, because he was interested in who could have possibly created such an amazing and advanced system. For him to find out that it was his own family all along.

The two of them were left with a lot to think about, just knowing all of this information it felt wrong to them. Like it was something that should have been common knowledge to all humans and yet it wasn’t. Them just kids knew things that others didn’t, and what could they even do about it. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

"Could you imagine how Logan feels?" Fex finally said. "To see his family like that, I wish I was there right now. The little boy really looked like he needed a hug."

Hearing that Peter was suddenly saddened. What about his family? His mother and father who worked on Earth. He didn’t even bother to check up with them this whole time just assuming they would have stayed with the military. As none fighters, they would be okay in all of this.

This strange feeling in his body was telling him his loyalty lies with Quinn. This was his family now, which was why he hadn’t thought about it much before, but something had clicked inside him after hearing Logan’s story.

When they had the time, he would want to know if they were okay.

Returning to Sam and Riki, they could see that they were all done with building and setting up the teleporter on this end, now all they needed to do was fly back and head to the Crows.

"So about you and me swapping, if you really want.." Fex started speaking but was interrupted by Peter.

"It’s okay, I will stay. I want to stay. If I’m needed Quinn will ask for my help." Peter said.

Wight’s were known to be heartless, cunning and straightforward. Beings of the undead with no emotion and only loyalty to their master. There were a few instances where Peter still showed his natural human emotions from before, and here, Peter was showing them again.

When returning to the Crows, the first thing the two of them did was tell Quinn what Logan had told them. About what happened to him as well as the plan with the Demon tier beast.

When learning of it all, Quinn asked for the others to leave the room to give him time to think. He paced up and down several times trying to fit the puzzle in his head. His suspicion that the first king was Richard Eno was starting to fit more and more.

It only made sense for one to live that long, but there was one thing he was wrong about. Eno wasn’t the one who created the Dalki, it was someone else, but there was no name for this mysterious person, only that he also cared for the Eno name.

Also, the way Eno suddenly left without telling the Green’s anything was strange as well. Maybe through the story, he had found out something, maybe he was still the one that killed Logan’s parents after learning what they had done.

There were too many possibilities, but now the most pressing question was, who was looking for Vincent at the time? Why did they want to see him so badly?

With Vincent’s memories, there was only one person who wished to take over and help in his research with blood. They had almost asked daily, and that was Vincent’s Uncle, Jim.

’Was this the man who was searching for Eno? Edward did say that he had left, but it was out of anger for what Vicent had done. Thinking he had betrayed him. Was Jim alive in the human world and where the hell was Richard Eno!’ All these questions were giving Quinn an almighty headache, but it was clear.

Richard had the answers to all of this. He was the one that knew what was going on, and they would need to find him.

’Arthur, please don’t kill Richard if you find him first.’ Quinn thought as he wanted to know Vincent’s involvement in all of this, and why this whole war that killed his parents had started in the first place. The vincent inside him was calling to him as well.

As for the Demon tier, when asking Blip, he said there had been no movement from the Graylashes on their end. Possibly due to them gearing up for a fight with the Sunshields.

After some time had passed, the teleporters had been set up at the crows base and at the Ship. The training was going well with everyone. Alex was making good gear, and they now had free time on their hands.

If they wished they could go on quests and hunt while waiting for the Sunshields to attack, there was always a risk if this was to happen, so they chose to do other things.

For Fex, he was interested in trying out the Soul weapon machine. If Quinn had obtained a soul weapon, maybe there was a chance for him, and it would answer a deep question he had. But before that, Quinn had called the group of people who knew what they were into a room. Kazz had been pressuring him for a while, and now he no longer had any excuses with free time.

It was time for them to turn Sam.

"You ready?" Quinn asked.

Sam’s Palms were sweating, his heart was beating rapidly, but at the same time. He was about to change his life from this point onwards.

"Ready," Sam replied.

******

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga