Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 604 Contribute fifty percent?

Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Dennis taking down the first ship had set the mood for the whole of the Crow’s faction. Although he may have gone out first and attacked out of anger for his people, it was a significant morale boost. Many of the regular members would have had several thoughts running through their minds.

The big three are untouchable, how are we going to win this? Are we really fighting? Maybe we can just talk?

It was normal, they were scared, and up to this point they had fought against the Dalki and beasts but not their fellow humans. But Dennis had already experienced it and felt it, seeing his own people die at the hands of the Sunshields.

Seeing him take down a ship like that, was showing that these people really weren’t untouchable as they first thought and were just like them.

As soon as the first ship was taken down, Quinn had immediately received a new notification.

[New Quest received]

[The battle between the Cursed family and Crow’s alliance VS the Sunshield family has begun]

[The Sunshield family will not leave until the entire shelter is burned to a crisp! Help your side and win the battle]

[Quest rewards will be based on personal contributions to the battle]

[10 Percent first reward unlocked - ?????]

[30 Percent second reward unlocked - ????]

[50 Percent third reward unlocked - ????]

After receiving the request, a bar could be seen in his view, and currently, it had 0.5 percent on it filled in red. Using the inspect skill it gave him a little bit more information. In the battle, any contribution made from his side that wasn’t Quinn himself would fill up the bar red. While anything he did himself would fill up the bar green.

Watching the ships, about ten men were being deployed from each of them, so they had sent a force of two hundred strong. Double what they had done to the Eagles. The only person who had done any damage to them so far was Dennis.

’Did he already beat one member?" Quinn thought, judging by the bar that seemed to be the case.

That’s when Quinn realised what the quest was telling him to do. If he wanted the top reward, he would have to deal with half of the Sunshield forces himself. It was a daunting task, even in his position.

But, Quinn didn’t shy away, and a smile appeared on his face.

Maybe it was the idea of the rewards behind the quest, maybe Quinn just wanted to pay the Sunshields back for nearly killing him and Alex back then, or it was the fact that seeing it like so, made him think of the whole thing as a game, but all of these things put together was desensitising him to the idea of what needed to be done.

On top of this, he realised, the system didn’t give him quests that seemed were impossible. It clearly had more confidence in his powers then he did his own.

Back at the base, Sam had remained with the others protecting the place. His role in all of this was the coordinator. Every squad had a communication device assigned to their leaders who would report back to him. At the same time, on a large digital map of the shelter, he could see everybody’s movements on the map.

Blip and Dennis’ squad were part of the ariel units. They would provide support for the other teams. Most of their members had flying like abilities or were people who could attack from a distance. They were more mobile moving about based on Sam’s order.

The main people who would be moving to help though was Blip and Dennis. Their strength added to any of the other Squads was a big improvement. The truth was, there weren’t actually many members in the Crow’s that could beat those in the Sunshields.

Megan and Nate’s group made up the bulk of the main fighters. They were the people Nate had been training in terms of hand to hand combat this whole time. They were also composed of the highest and strongest members of the Crows.

"What is all of this?" One of the Sunshield Squad leaders said, looking at Nate and Megan. "You guys knew we were coming but decided to stay anyway? Well, that’s nice of you. We didn’t want to just take this planet away without having a little fun."

Both sides had yet to engage, and they were merely stood opposite each other. Nate’s side because they were nervous while the Sunshields were waiting for an order. Hearing the words from the man, Nate decided to walk forward.

"Sir, do we go in!" One of the Crow’s said unsure about what to do.

"You will know when is the right time," Nate replied.

"I like fighting probably more than anyone," Nate said with his fist clenched. "But there is no need to kill your opponent. Let them live to fight another day, grow stronger together so you can fight once again. However, I’m not an idiot, if someone tries to kill my friends or me, I will show no mercy."

The squad leader started to laugh, and Now Nate was about halfway between his own men and the Sunshields.

"Burn in hell!" The squad leader said, moving at a great speed. While running, a fire would spew from the back of his hands every so often, powering him like a rocket making him move faster than expected.

His fist covered in bright flames, was starting to resemble that of a lion and with a big punch, it had covered Nate’s entire body in flames. The Sunshield men were cheering seeing this, but the only one without a smile on his face was the squad leader himself.

’There was no give with the punch?’ Whatever he had hit, with the strength he put in, the person should have fallen to the ground or at least moved back. It wasn’t just an attack of flames. When the fire finally dispersed, they could see the man still standing there.

Part of his uniform had been scorched, but he was completely fine. "You’re flames are going to have to be a lot hotter than that to scorch me."

Nate grabbed onto the Flame user’s wrist, and threw him over his shoulder, slamming him into the ground.

"He just hurt our Squad leader, what the..!"

"What are you waiting for, Attack!" The other squad leaders who were with them said. Seeing the Sunshields run in, the Crow’s moved as well, and Megan did with her squad as support.

The fight had started, and as expected, the Sunshields were fairing a lot better. Even though Nate tried his best to teach them all, there was only so much that could be done in a short amount of time. Martial arts took people years to learn unless they were some type of prodigy.

Although they knew this would happen, they were simply buying time to receive support later on for one of the other squads to do their work. What did come as a surprise to Megan was how long their people were lasting.

She had seen someone get punched directly in the chest with the flame, he should have been knocked out there and then, but he got up almost instantly and right back into the fight.

"Are these guys zombies, they keep coming back for more punishment." The Sunshield soldier said.

"It didn’t hurt, their punches and abilities aren’t as strong as I thought." The man said as he charged back in.

That’s when Megan realised what it was. Because they were part of the main fighting force, they had been given something all the others didn’t have. They all had been given the new set of armour personally made by Alex himself. It looked like the stat increases and improvements were showing in a large scale fight like this.

Still, they only had enough materials to produce it for so many of their members, so it was decided the main force would get it.

"I’ll have to order something from him myself when this fight is over and done with!" Megan shouted, joining in the fight.

There were two more squads out on the battlefield on the Crow’s side. One belonging to Fex, his group was the group of water users, who would be going trying to calm down any fires and such that had caught on the buildings. There weren’t that many water users, so there was a mixture of others as well.

There were also healers and buff type ability users. On top of this, Paul and Kazz were with him as usual.

"That’s right Fex the designated babysitter, now I have to also worry about this whole group." Fex was put with them because of his strength and unique skill. He would protect them along with a small group of fighters.

As for the last squad, this was Quinn’s squad. They were one of the weakest out of all of them, essentially he was left with the scraps that couldn’t be placed anywhere else. The reason for this, Quinn was new, and his real power wasn’t known to the others.

There weren’t going to be many that would follow his orders, so all those were below him in Traveller Rank. As for this Squads task, there was nothing.

Sam had stated that they were free to do as they wished and support, where he thought, was necessary.

"You mean similar to Blip and Dennis?" Quinn asked at the time.

"Similar, but different," Sam replied. They will be moving around as I command them. Based on what I can see on the digital map, but Quinn, I can’t see everything. There will be things on the battlefield that require split decision thinking and decision making.

"Dangers that I can’t predict, you’re strong, and your unexpected arrival can influence anything."

The others were following Quinn, but honestly, for now, he was just running around aimlessly unsure of really what to do.

All he could see was the contribution bar slowly filling as the other Squads defeated more members. Looking up, Quinn could see that more men were being dropped off towards the centre, where Nate and Megan were fighting.

Soon they would be overrun, Sam’s plan was good, but it split up their forces. The idea was the smaller forces hopefully would win their battles to later join up with the large force.

However, too many men were now being placed in the main centre of the battlefield on the Sunshield’s side. While the others were already engaged.

"We’ll head that way and get them from behind!" Quinn said, but just then, someone with a flaming kick came from the side.

However, Quinn’s reactions were fast enough to block the attack with the shadow. He then flash stepped behind the person, and kicked him as hard as he could. For the first time, his contribution points had gone up.

From one of the alleyways, a squad of Sunshields could be seen coming out.

"Well, the shadow user. Aren’t you the one protected by the Blades?" The leader said, coming out and onto the street.

Once again, Quinn had heard their family name after showing his ability.

*****

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga