Chapter 609 Diffrent Styles

When standing next to the commander, there was one thing that Quinn forgot to take into account when using his soul weapon. His hand was gripping around his chest, and he was struggling to breathe.

Sweat was running all over his body, and it was a feeling he hadn’t felt in a long time. He was tired. Even if his health was constantly up thanks to the soul weapon, the continuous action of swinging something so hard with the intent to kill had worn him out.

[Congratulations you are now level 34]

[Congratulations you are now level 35]

Thankfully, during his massacre of the Sunshield family, he had gained an additional two levels. The exp needed to increase further was substantial at this level, but it just served to prove that these weren’t just normal people he was killing. On top of this, Quinn was getting more exp for killing rather than just knocking them out.

He had also gained additional exp from those who he had turned who were nearby. It wasn’t much, but everyone Paul had defeated, would give him experience points as well.

[Stamina increase 47]

[Stamina increase 48]

The points gained were placed into stamina which helped him out a little, but still, he was exhausted.

"What was the point of fighting against us?" Gox asked with a grin, "If we don’t defeat you today, then we will come back with even more people next time."

"Why are you so adamant on taking these people’s homes away?" Quinn replied, slightly breathless, "And don’t worry, maybe the Sunshields will come again, but no one here today will."

While using his soul weapon, his MC points that were being used to protect the others had restored enough for him to use the shadow.

[Shadow void]

A dome started to form around Quinn and Gox. Fex quickly pulled people away who were near the dome with his string ability. He wanted only Quinn and Gox to be in there to minimise casualties, and he could read Quinn’s mind for something else.

Fex looked behind him, soon he noticed that it had gotten quiet. The sound of clashing weapons, the sound of explosions happening in different places, all of these things had ceased.

Turning around, he could see it, there were no longer any Sunshield members left standing. The Crows were left with around forty men still alive. Nearly two-thirds of their forces had been wiped out in battle.

Falling to his knees, Blip couldn’t help but start to pray. He started to think back to his best memories with the people he had grown up within the faction. He looked at their dead faces on the floor and could picture them when they had first joined the Crows.

He thought about how happy they were, how they trusted him and how they thought they could do this together for as long as it took to win, but they were all gone.

Dennis walked up slowly behind Blip and placed a hand on his shoulder.

"I know exactly how you feel. But Blip, you did well. Look at the shelter. It isn’t totally beyond repair and the people. You managed to save so many of them while I...." Dennis stopped there, choked up with tears.

Turning to the others, he looked at the forty or so people left. It shouldn’t have been a time for sadness but a time for them to celebrate their victory.

"No, not yet," Paul said, as if he could read both Dennis and Blip’s minds. "There is still one more battle going on."

Each of them looked towards the Shadow dome, and they couldn’t imagine what was going on inside. They had each fought with a squad leader and saw how strong they were, so they couldn’t imagine how strong the commander would have been.

Inside the shadow dome after using his inspect skill, Quinn had received the instant level up message. The opponent was going to put up a tough fight.

"What’s with that smile, boy?" Gox said. "I’m not like those outside."

"I know," Quinn replied. "Why do you think we are in here?"

Gox looked around, and he was unaware of what the shadow dome exactly did, so he erred on the side of caution. This was the problem with going up against unique ability users, knowledge was power, and he had no idea what this ability could do.

The shadow dome protected Quinn from the sunlight and restored his MC cells fifty percent faster. Using shadow equip, his gauntlets were back on, but that wasn’t the only thing that appeared this time. His mask was on as well.

One handy thing that he realised was during the fight, his adrenaline points bar would still go up, even if he didn’t have the mask equipped. He hadn’t worn it outside because the Crow’s knew whoever used the mask was the Night Demon, who used blood powers not shadow powers.

[Activate mask, adrenaline into stamina]

His stamina points now got a fifteen percent boost. His tired body was feeling a lot better compared to before. The main reason why, Quinn had chosen to use the shadow dome was because he could use his full strength.

The two of them were quite the distance away, and holding his finger out like a gun, Gox thought the boy was just playing.

[Blood shot]

*Bang

A blood bullet infused with Qi went through one of the ankles.

*Bang

Another one, had gone through his over foot.

Gox was prepared to dodge because the fire user ability was unique. If they could see the attack coming, they could turn that part of their body into flames. Protecting themselves from not just small blows but big ones as well.

When he heard the bang, Gox reacted doing this exact thing. If he wanted to attack, he would have to switch between his form though. What he failed to realise, was that the attack itself would be so fast and for some reason, after turning his body, he was still hit.

’Was it a fluke?’ Gox thought.

There was a throbbing pain in his feet, and now he couldn’t move as well as before. Moving towards Gox now were large red aura lines that were impossible to dodge in the cramped space of the shadow dome. He covered his arms in flames planning to protect himself, just in case the same thing happened last time.

It was a good thing he did, for the same thing did happen. The attack didn’t go through his arms and body but instead hit him in the back. But the flames and armour on his arms were enough to stop an attack like that.

The Qi being infused in each of the blood attacks was the key factor in all of this.

’The red aura attacks, they are nothing like the shadow?’

Gox was being overwhelmed as Quinn demonstrated a number of different skills and abilities. Hand to hand combat, leg kicks, punches, and he was still able to block Gox’s flames with his own shadow as well as hopping from random places.

On paper, maybe these two might have been on the same level. But when it came to it, this wasn’t the case at all. Quinn had carried out so many attacks, and they were all so different. In a way, the commander felt like he was fighting against a combination of five different fighting styles.

Each time he had to adapt to a new one. It was hard to keep up, and throughout the whole thing, he was trying to find a weakness.

While doing so, a heavy blow was dealt in his stomach. Each of his punches seemed to pack quite the wallop as well. One blow to the stomach made him feel like he was about to hurl his lunch out all over the floor.

It seemed that while Quinn was in this dome, he would be invincible. On Quinn’s end, his attacks were certainly strong. However, he was unable to make any decisive blows through Gox’s armour, which left him with no choice.

With Gox’s armour at the emperor tier, he wouldn’t be able to cut through easily with his shadow scythe.

Instead, when the two were close exchanging hand to hand combat, Quinn punched Gox square across the face and then stomped on the ground. Mixing in blood and his Qi, he conducted the blood hammer strike. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

It was a strong internal blow that could bypass the armour, and the commander was defeated.

Back outside, it didn’t take long for the shadow dome to start to fade. Everyone waited in anticipation. When they finally saw Quinn as the one left standing, they all cheered, some cried, and others hugged.

It was a joyous moment.

"Wait it’s over, everyone was defeated?" Quinn said.

Looking at the status bar, it did indeed say a hundred percent complete. Looking at the green bar, which was more important for Quinn, that was when he saw his results, and he was speechless.

’I guess the Commander wasn’t as strong as I thought.’

Before fighting with the commander, Quinn was at forty-five percent, he only needed to defeat one more skilled person to turn the tide, and it could be done.

Flashing in front of him, the notification screen was flashing.

[48 percent]

He had only needed five percent more, and the commander after everything was only worth three. Still, the war was finally over for now, and Quinnn would still receive two more rewards for completing the task.

*****

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga