Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 618 The Chained Contrac

Quinn wasn’t the only one that had thought the Graylashes were the ones who had started the war. Nearly everyone did. They were the ones who had attacked the military basis first. The ones the people believed to be in control of the whole situation. After them, the rest of the leaders seemed to follow suit.

This was a known fact to nearly all of them in the room, and now suddenly the Graylashes were saying it wasn’t them but this unknown family that Quinn was looking for. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

"Who are the Blades?" Quinn asked.

Hector, for a second looked at Owen. It said it all. It was a warning there were no words that needed to be spoken. He was asking him if he was really going to do this.

"Your relationship can’t be that close to the Blades if you don’t even know them?"

Quinn wasn’t sure wherever he should reveal this or not, he still wasn’t even sure that the Blades Vorden was a part of and the ones people kept talking about were the same thing.

"My friend, he is part of the Blade family," Quinn replied.

Then it all came back to him. He had indeed met the Blade that Quinn was talking about. During the tournament, he had even borrowed their powers. The two of them were together mostly during that time.

Was that boy doing everything on his own, without the support of the actual Blade family? If that was the case, it would explain how things had come to where they were today.

"Your friend has been keeping a pretty big secret from you, I take back what I said earlier. You might not be close to the Blades, but you must have been very close to a Blade, him in particular for him to have done everything he had done.

"The Blades were the ones who started this war, and it all started because of you," Owen said.

Everyone turned and looked at Quinn, and if he could have turned to look at himself at this point, he would have done so as well.

"After the inter tournament, there were many that were after your power. An original power that they hadn’t seen before, but your message, which I assume was told to be said by your friend, was one for the big four at the time.

"It was telling us to not touch a hair on your body; otherwise, the Blades would come to deal with them. But you see, Trudream was a fool. He was new to the big four and didn’t really understand the Blades’ power. We warned him, but he decided that he would go against the Blades in search of the shadow power.

"A family that no one knew about couldn’t be that strong right? And Trudream perhaps believed in his own family’s power a bit too much. I’m sure you have all seen the result of Dreamland?"

Paul’s heart sunk, hearing those words. If what Owen was saying was true. The reason that Jack Trudream and all of Dreamland was destroyed was because of this Blade family. One of the strongest forces in the world, gone like that.

"How? How could one of the big four get annihilated like that!" Blip shouted.

Quinn couldn’t even look at Owen right now and was just staring at the table. He didn’t know what was going on anymore.

"Whether or not Trudream is alive or not, we do not know, but his disappearance was because of the Blades, and without a doubt that was what had started this war. We, the Graylash family, just decided to be the first ones to act. The military was already starting to have in fights with each other as they found out about Truedream’s disappearance."

"I imagine it would have been a shock to them all, to think that a strange power was able to do something like that without them knowing."

While Quinn was struggling to think. Paul decided to take over the questioning for a bit because he couldn’t believe that the military would know nothing about such a strong family.

"How, who are these people?" Paul asked. "We knew the strength of the big four. We kept tabs on them, and it was the reason why the fighting stopped, the reason no one decided to act. Everyone was of equal power. There is no chance something like that could happen?"

"We knew?" Dennis asked, noticing the slip-up.

There was no point hiding it now, and it was in the past, anyway.

"I’m the ex-head of the second military team. Paul Snellart. which is why I can’t believe what the Graylash leader is saying."

"Oh, it is very true, and the big three have known about it for years. Can you really say the military knew everything? It seemed like they didn’t even know the existence of ability users? You see, ability users existed long before everyone knew of them."

"It was like a secret society, almost. They knew of each other, but no one else in the world did, but you see in the past there was one family that was stronger than any; The Blade family. At one point in time, every family had gone against them and suffered a defeat. This included The Graylash family, the Sunshields, and more recently the Bree family. "

"Why hide themselves though, why chose to stay hidden? fi they were so strong they could have come and helped during the fight against the Dalki." Quinn asked, finally regaining his composure.

"Truthfully, I do not know. Maybe they just wish to be kings of the world without the responsibility. Just to know that they have the power to change anything whenever they wish, but chose not to. Letting everyone else deal with their things.

"But now I hope you understand that not the big three, not Pure, not the military. There is no force that is strong enough to go against them. I don’t know why you are interested in them, but it’s not worth it and unless. Just pretend they never exist, just like you have been doing this whole time."

Hearing those words, Quinn couldn’t do what Owen was telling him to do. Maybe he could have before, but not now. For one of his closest friends, the person who had always been there to help him, had asked for his help. He didn’t know if Vorden was in trouble or not, but he wanted to at least see him again.

"I can’t, I need to see Vorden," Quinn said, and this time his head was lifted up and was looking Owen straight in the eye not looking away.

"I can see you have made up your mind, and my words were useless to you," Owen replied. "There is a reason why I decided to tell you all this. I believe the Blades will act soon once again, just how they did with Truedream soon. You see, there is a deal set up between the families that have been defeated by the Blades."

"Something they refer to as the Chained. In exchange for their lives to be spared, each of the big three are to send a member of their family to the Blades every fifty years. This person needs to be their strongest member. If we don’t comply...You can imagine what would happen. This was what had happened to the previous Graylash elder."

"Despite the rumours that I killed my own father, they were not true at all. Many thought this because he was still strong. There were no signs of illness, and one day I suddenly became leader. Well, now you know."

Every time the leader spoke, it was setting in for everyone there how much control the Blades actually had. They had to be immensely strong for the family to give up their own members from fear of their lives.

"Now, the time has come for the Sunshield family to do the same, and the strongest one currently is Burnie himself. His family has weakened compared to before, but his power remains strong, which helps the Sunshields greatly."

"He fears that if he disappears, it could also be the end of the Sunshields fame as part of the big three. So he has decided to rebel. He asked us for help and asked us to go against the Blade family, but we refused his offer. Like a child, he started to retaliate. Attacking wildly, the reason why me and Mona haven’t tried to fight back, is because we know what is about to come."

"Soon the Blades will deal with him. They will collect what they are owed, and we can do our business as usual."

’Vorden is part of a crazy family like this.’ Quinn thought. ’He was always concerned about my problems, always asking me about my family, wondering if I was okay with everything that was going on with the vampires and more, yet I never tried to find out if he was okay. If he needed help. What kind of friend am I?’

Owen then stood up as the meeting was over. He didn’t plan to reveal all of this today, he thought Quinn had already known all of this. He wanted to ask if the Blades were going to take part in this Civil war or not, so Owen could plan his next move.

But it looked like Quinn knew nothing.

"Wait!" Quinn shouted. "Please tell me, where can I find the Blades?"

Owen lifted up his finger, and a little blue spark was shown, it suddenly zapped out and on the table. Carved in where coordinates.

"The blades are located on earth. I would suggest you use the information about the Sunshields I have given you wisely. Quinn, maybe me and you think differently, but I hope you don’t die."

*****

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga