Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 620 Vorden is home

When the group was due to split up and about to head their separate ways, perhaps out of all of them, Vorden was the most troubled by all the different thoughts that were going through his mind that day.

There were multiple reasons for this. His whole life he had lived with his family before coming to the military academy. He never went to a public school like the others, and it was actually his first time interacting with people other than those on the island. The people he was about to leave now could in a way be called his only friends he had.

This thought saddened him, as there was a good chance that he might never see them again. Initially, he was meant to have two years of interacting with the world and other people in the military academy, but that would have been cut short by the civil war.

Now if he were to return to the Blade's, he would have to be kept under their rule. The Blades were a secretive family which also meant he couldn't just be going out of there as he originally wished, for everything was controlled by his grandfather.

Thinking about his family members a shiver went running down his spine.

He was surprised that not once during his time away from the island had they had tried to contact him. Especially when he had decided to use their name to protect Quinn. If the family was so secretive, then him announcing something so public like that, he thought he would have at least gotten a slap on the wrist, but no one ever did come.

Which, in a way just scared him even more. Perhaps they were waiting to see the outcome, his family was always hard to read, so there was a good chance that all of his punishments would come at once when he arrived.

Heading through the earth station, he looked at the others as it might be his last time. Then a few seconds after he had come out to only exit another Earth station. Unlike where the others were going, Vorden's location was still on earth.

However, to get there wasn't going to be easy.

'Should I just swim there? No, that would be too tiring.' Vorden thought. 'It would be handy if I could find someone with a teleport ability since I know the location, but then I would have to keep touching all these strangers.'

"You could just stop being a pus boy and contact them," Raten said.

That certainly was the easiest option to have someone come and pick him up, but he didn't want them to throw him some type of surprise on his return. Surprises were very rarely the good type.

In the end, Vorden decided that he would just try to head there himself. It wasn't too far off from the land he was on. Using the golden money card he could pretty much rent anything he needed from here.

When he had told Quinn there was little money on there, it was a lie. Vorden just didn't want to rely on his family's help for things like this unless he needed to. If he was dependent on them, then it also meant he could never leave them in the future.

Right now, it was either contact them or waste spending their money, so it was an obvious choice to him.

In the end, a commercial ship was rented, and Vorden took off. It was a small spaceship that just had an oval pod for one to enter in. It could only fit two people inside at most. All he needed to do to go to the location was input the coordinates, and he did so.

[There is nothing at the destination entered, would you like to proceed?]

[Yes]

According to the map, there was nothing but water where they would enter, but that wasn't true at all.

While travelling to the destination, Vorden was able to see the current state of the earth, and there was one word. Quiet.

The population of humans had already dwindled by many from the war with the Dalki. The first thing they did when arriving was destroying the nuclear plants. In fact, the facilities that contained weapons of mass destruction were hit as soon as the Dalki arrived. It made people think that there was someone already working on the inside, but that theory got thrown out the window after seeing their advanced technology.

The more common thought was that they had technology that allowed them to find such things beforehand. After all, there weren't many humans that would know the location of every important facility on earth in the first place.

This had killed many people and made a lot of the land uninhabitable. Pieces of land from the old contents sunk into the sear raising the sea levels, and there were only a few places people could live.

However, what that did mean was the places that people could live on were now highly populated, but now when Vorden flew past such places, they were empty.

The cities and towns of the past that were under the other factions and families had chosen to leave. Vorden had yet to see anyone in sight. It's assumed that the only people left on earth, or those that have family in the military would have probably been transported to the military bases as well.

Finally, he had reached the sea, and it took a while, but he had arrived, the island could be seen off in the distance. The castle on top of the hill and the large stone tablet behind it. There was no reason for anyone to go out here in the middle of nowhere unless they were to meet them.

In the castle itself, the family was enjoying a nice afternoon meal. They always ate together, and the main thing that was on the table was an abundance of meat. The grandfather at the head, a father and mother and finally a twin brother and sister.

Meal time was a time that should not be disturbed but in a case like this, one of the servants had to.

"Sir, Hilston, there appears to be a spaceship coming towards the island."

Hilston finished eating his chicken leg before responding and wiping his mouth with his own arm. "How large is the ship?"

"It appears to just be a single commercial vessel, it could fit two people at most, maybe three with a squeeze." The servant replied.

"For someone to know about this places and choose to arrive alone. They are either very brave, or it looks like family has returned."

Vorden had landed leaving his spaceship a little inland from the beach. He didn't want to fly right up to the castle, he was too afraid a certain creature might try to attack and burn it down. Besides, the walk from the beach to the castle was the type of buildup he needed.

Walking through there was a pathway that was built, and by either side, there was just jungle. From time to time, there would also be other paths and signs telling one where they would lead to. Most of them led to small little villages.

The Blade family had workers under them that worked in the castle. Around a hundred or so men. That number never seemed to really increase. They also had the Blades' ability but weren't considered family, which was why they were to live and sleep outside of the castle here.

Not wanting to cause a scene in these places, Vorden continued on the path straight to the castle, that was until he had come across another crossroads. Here there were two pathways, one leading up the hill to the castle and another, leading to the right. The sign read Blade temple.

Before he knew it, Vorden's feet were taking him in this direction rather than walking towards the castle. The path would eventually widen up, and as he got closer, he could hear the sound of people talking and kids laughing. When he could see the temple in sight, he quickly strayed from the path around himself within the trees.

The temple was quite large, and just outside was an open grounds playing area. Around six adults were standing straight in front of the temple and outside of it thirty or so kids out and about playing. Many of them had different hair colours, but most of them were blonde like Vorden's.

Seeing the kids smiling faces, as they played games chatted and laughed, while some were even crying. There was a deep pain in his chest. It felt like someone had stabbed it with a knife and inside his mind. Sil was crying away with his eyes closed rocking back and forth.

"Why did you choose to even come back here, Vorden!" Raten shouted. "Leave this place!" Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Caser!, Caser!" Sil started to shout and cry.

The temple they were looking at now, each one of them had memories of such a place.

"How old are the kids, they look about eight or seven? Does that mean they're still doing it huh? If so, I guess it would be around this time they started it up again." Vorden said.

*****

My werewolf system Exclusive on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it's only $1 dollar a month. Cheaper than webnovel:) and you get access to the MVS webtoon. (2 Chapters per month)

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga