Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 674 The ninth turn

After Blip’s talk with Quinn, he knew something was up. He was doing his own little investigation into what had happened that day. He saw that she had no injuries coming back from the fight with the emperor tier beast. That on its own was strange.

Yes, Quinn was with them with his great strength, but even he looked to be hurt along with the rest. What tipped him off the most was that Fex had told his own tail of events. He knew if anyone was going to crack, it would be him.

Blip had questioned everyone that day what happened, and most of them gave vague answers based on the information that everyone already knew. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

When asking what happened, Fex had made up a complete lie that didn’t fit with what the others had said, yet he was clearly there.

"Stop worrying about your sister," Dennis said, punching him on the arm. "She’s strong; in some cases, I think stronger than you."

Blip gave Dennis quite the stare back, not because of the punch but because he and his sister were on very close terms, but after the meeting, it looked like he was also close with Meg.

"Okay, okay," Dennis said, feeling the piercing daggers on him. "I’ll try to find out what happened."

Walking off, Dennis was kicking himself.

’This is why you should never flirt with your friend’s sister. Good things never come out from it.’

*****

After taking Alex away from his forging area, the two of them eventually ended up in one of the empty training rooms. There were quite a few onboard the ship, but this one, in particular, was reserved for Quinn and a few others.

Linda was the person who actually suggested it. With her new body, she wished to train her new body and powers. Of course, Quinn wasn’t against this idea, he also wanted a place where he could use his vampire powers without worry as well, so this place was claimed to be Quinn’s special training area.

There was a passcode on the outside door, but this was also given to Linda, Sam, Fex, Paul. All of the ones that needed to hide their powers.

After walking into the room, Alex heard the sound of the door locking again behind him, and he couldn’t help but feel a little nervous.

"Quinn, I trust you and all, but you didn’t bring me here to do anything strange to me, did you?" Alex asked.

"Well, it might be strange for some," Quinn replied, which only increased the nervousness Alex felt.

’If he was to force himself on me, I wouldn’t be able to do anything to fight back; he’s too strong.’ Alex thought.

"I’m going to tell you the truth about me," Quinn said. "And then I will ask you what you want to do."

The idea was, Quinn would explain what he was, how he was a vampire and what a few of the others were with him as well. How he was responsible for turning them. Quinn also didn’t shy away from informing him about the pros and cons of the transformation.

Quinn was comfortable with telling him all of this because if Alex refused, then he could just remove this specific memory that recently happened from his head. Not affecting him much mentally, and he wouldn’t slip up telling them their secret by accident. Avoiding any trouble from a certain someone.

"It sounds like I’m flipping a coin," Alex said. "There’s a chance it can really help me, but you’re saying there’s also a chance that something bad can happen to me?"

"So far the worst thing that happened was to Peter, but right now, he has unlimited stamina, doesn’t feel pain and needs no sleep."

All of these things were things that a forger like Alex greatly suffered from.

Losing his ability wasn’t a big deal, and maybe with a restart, he could get something that was more suited for him.

His whole life Alex had been considered weak. He actually originally joined the school learning an earth ability but quickly realised he didn’t like getting bossed around by those stronger than him. In the end, he went to forging and fell in love with creating every small detail of the weapon.

However, when he was on the Eagle’s planet, he realised that there were people who just overlooked his talent. The person standing in front of him, was the first person to recognise and see his skills, and had given him hope.

Because of this, Alex found it hard to believe that Quinn would ever do something to harm him, and for him, there seemed to be more plus then negatives. One part of Quinn’s story that stood out to him was how Quinn used to be a nobody.

Right now, Alex considered himself a nobody, but Quinn had turned into someone very influential, and he wanted to do the same.

"I’ll do it," Alex said.

"Great, open your mouth then," Quinn instructed.

"Wait, here right now? I don’t get a day or two to think about it?" Alex said, looking for an escape.

"What do you mean? You just said you would do it, so what’s the point of waiting? There was a reason why I chose this room."

Quinn was right; Alex was just running away from the inevitable. He knelt down on his knees and opened his mouth. The whole story was a little hard for him to stomach, honestly, and he still couldn’t believe it himself. He was wondering if Quinn had gone mad.

Perhaps this was all a sick joke, but he could see it in his eyes when he was telling his whole story. He was dead serious about it.

Closing his eyes, he had no clue when the blood was going to come, but then the taste of iron had entered, and slowly it started to drip down his throat.

’So far, I’ve been good with not creating anything bad, I hope it’s not like that this time either.’ Quinn thought.

Quinn didn’t know the percentages of turned vampires that could go wrong, but if it was something along the lines of ten percent, it would mean 1 of his 10 turns would go bad. Of course, the percentage could be higher or lower, it was in times like this he wished he still had Vincent with him.

The rolling around on the floor and the extreme pain had begun. Hoping to make it easier on him, Quinn held down both of his hands, and started to focus his Qi. The feeling he was feeling from Alex right now, was the same as when Quinn had consumed too many different types of blood at once.

According to Fex, that was him becoming addicted to the blood, but thanks to his Qi, he was able to fuse the two together and get rid of it.

When Quinn started to focus, he could also feel Alex’s Qi inside his body. It was much smaller than himself, but this was also the first time he was ever able to sense another person’s Qi so closely like this. So he had no clue what was small or what was large.

With Quinn’s help, he was able to control the pain slightly, and Quinn started to think about whether he should teach Alex more about Qi control. At least what he knew, which was the meditation part Leo had taught him.

Maybe an increase in Qi would help him make better weapons, and if his life was on the line, it could help him in a fight. This was why Quinn wanted Leo to teach them all about Qi.

For some reason, it seemed to greatly disrupt the natural healing ability of vampires when being used. If another conflict was to happen in the future, which he didn’t doubt, there was a high chance. It would give his group an edge.

Finally, the pain started to reside, and now Alex’s body was slowly starting to change. His ears were starting to become more pointed, rather than his skin becoming paler though; it looked almost as if it was smoothing out. His rough features that he had before and the deep calluses he had on his hand were all starting to go away.

Getting off of Alex, he allowed his body to completely change. "I’ve never seen this before," Quinn said, noting that this change was different from the others.

"Is it a class C type?"

Eventually, the transformation was done, and Alex stood up from the ground. He felt a little groggy and slowly started to open his eyes. When he did, he could feel something on his back. A little twitch was made, and a sound soon followed. Peeking through his arm, he could see something. Four large rounded glowing wings were sticking out from his back. There colour, a blood red.

"Aggh!" Alex shouted, seeing them. "What are these, I thought you said I would turn into a vampire."

"I know, I know, and you have, I think?" Quinn said, stepping back, unsure what Alex might do.

"I’m not a vampire am I? Look I have freaking wings, Quinn! Wings. One, two, three, four wings!"

"I can count, and I’m not blind. "

Using his inspect skill, he was desperately trying to find out what Alex had turned into. At least it didn’t look like Alex was trying to kill him, not yet anyway.

[Blood ritual success!]

[9/10 Blooded]

[Your cursed family is growing]

[Congratulations! You have successfully created a Blood fairy]

"What is a blood fairy?"

[Inspect]

******

My werewolf system Exclusive on P.a.t.r.e.o.n its only $1 dollar a month.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga