Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 676 Dispute

"Is there a specific reason why the Blood fairies were deemed a subclass to be killed on sight?" Quinn asked, hoping Kazz would think he was just genuinely curious. After all, he was just a human turned vampire that didn’t know anything. "Or is it something like the Wendigos that are uncontrollable?"

Kazz looked at him for a little while. She tried to look uninterested as she leaned up against the wall and then slumped down. A single eye opened and she looked him up and down before closing them again and answering as if she didn’t care.

"No, they’re not like the Wendigos. They are sane just as much as a vampire, and to my knowledge, they are also just as strong. The council is all about preventive measures. It seems like they have been hurt a few times in the past, so there are some strict rules that got added along the way."

"It’s simple, if they think something can be used against them then they will get rid of it. The Blood fairies they saw to have more downsides than upsides. Why were you guys suddenly talking about Blood fairies?" Kazz asked.

"Oh nothing, Fex was just talking about some rumors he used to hear when he was in his own castle," Quinn replied back, and was already on his way moving backwards.

After leaving, Quinn didn’t know how to feel. He didn’t know whether to be overjoyed that he had something special that the vampires didn’t like, or to feel like this was just something else he needed to hide.

Letting out a big sigh, he thought about why things couldn’t just be easy for him. At least the good news was he didn’t actually have to worry about Alex, but just worry about him being discovered. Perhaps him being a forger worked out for the best.

As long as there wasn’t some type of large scale battle going on where they needed to use every last man and woman, then the two of them should rarely ever meet.

His wings were covered up, and his hair covered his ears anyway, so this would have to do for now until a later time.

Heading over to the control room, Quinn wanted to make everyone aware of what he was planning to do. He realized now that he was the leader, it would be strange of him to just suddenly leave the base without informing anyone of what he was doing.

When entering, the usual people were there at the usual round table. They were currently evaluating all the unclaimed planets and noting what factions were nearby. Quinn had made it his own personal quest to become one of the big three. To do that, he would have to claim some planets.

But preparation was very important in these types of cases and they were planning out what the best route was to take. Every time they would have a battle with another faction, their forces would be weakened and others would be ready to pounce on them.

So they needed a good route, but Quinn didn’t need to worry about all this stuff, he could leave it to the others since he trusted them.

"I wanted to let you guys know, I was thinking of heading to the Crow’s planet and hunt some Emperor tier beasts." Quinn said.

"Alone?" Megan said with a concerned expression. It was unbeknown to her that Quinn was now strong enough to take on an Emperor tier beast on his own. At least if he could use his blood powers.

"Yeah, I only have this mask and one Emperor tier crystal. It won’t be enough to make a full set of armour. I was hoping before doing anything major, it would be a big improvement to my gear."

He was also hoping to get his shadow skills up and unlock the last level seven skill. Then finally he would become a level eight shadow user. Perhaps he could even use some of the other skills that Arthur had shown that day.

At the moment, Quinn had no way of contacting Arthur, and he honestly wanted to see how he was doing, yet somehow Arthur was able to teleport to him. Perhaps that skill was reserved for the top shadow users and it was something he could use once he reached level eight.

"Well, if you’re going then count me in as well," Nate said. "All this planning is hurting my brain."

"Well, you weren’t really contributing much with that peanut," Sam pointed to his head.

Nate heard it but chose to ignore it. It was true he was just listening, not really giving any valuable help at all. He was starting to wonder why he was even at the so-called leaders’ table in the first place.

"It would be nice to go with the big boss," Dennis proclaimed while standing up. "After seeing him pound those Sunshields, I would love to pound some Parasites with him as well."

"Hey," Blip said. "Remember that at the moment we are under a pact with the other shelter. Both factions have agreed to not attack each other. You don’t want us to be a group that has gone back on our word, do you?" Using his eyes, Blip started to look in the direction of a certain someone.

It took Dennis a while to figure it out, when he finally realized that it was Linda.

"Oh, well you know me." Dennis suddenly said, speaking unnaturally. His phrasing and tones were all over the place. "I might still hit a head or two. Someone is going to have to look after me and keep me in check. Linda, maybe you should come?"

"Me?" Linda said surprised.

"I think you should," Megan added. "You haven’t left the spaceship. The people miss you, it would be nice for them to see you."

She looked at Quinn and he just nodded, giving approval. He was confident he could protect her from any harm. At least on this planet.

"It is best if you take five with you," Sam suggested. "Make it a full team."

Quinn thought about it for a while. There didn’t seem to be any more volunteers to go with them and then two people popped into his head. "I think I’ll bring Fex and Sil along for this one."

Sil lately hadn’t been interacting with anyone, which was bad in Quinn’s opinion. Sil was strong, stronger than probably most of them and at some point they would have to face the Blades. He knew after Sil had told his story, he wanted to beat Hilston and get his revenge, but he wasn’t going to do that by staying on the ship all day.

After calling on the other two, it looked like both of them were happy to go on a hunt with Quinn. Sil was surprisingly happy that Quinn had asked him for help. He was a bit worried that Borden would want to come along, but he actually looked relieved. It was as if a huge weight had been taken away from him.

Blip was going as well, but he wouldn’t be staying with them. He needed to head to the Crow’s base just to check over a few things. Stepping through the teleporter, one by one they were transported onto the Crow’s planet.

Moving from the teleportation room to the outside of the building, they could see that the base was on a slightly raised platform compared to everything else. When Quinn looked at the shelter, it looked like a completely different place compared to the last time he had seen it.

All of the buildings had been repaired, the market stalls were back in full swing and there was plenty of action. There were even Travelers and other people he had never seen before.

"What’s with all the people?" Quinn asked, noticing that there were a lot he didn’t recognize.

"They’re from the Parasites," Dennis replied in an angry tone. "They come to our marketplace and ask for extreme discounts, there have been times where they have gotten a little rough with our people."

"Allegedly." Blip added.

"While if we travel to their shelter, their prices are sky high."

"Actually speaking of the parasites," Blip said, "I have quite a bit of work here to do, I was actually meant to go and meet the Parasites over some dispute they had the other day. Since you are actually the faction leader, do you mind popping over there before you head off and having a talk with them?"

Usually Blip would come here with Dennis and he was known for being a bit hot headed, he hated bringing him along. Now with Linda here and Quinn, he felt like he could trust them to do a good job. At the end of the day, all major decisions would have to go through Quinn anyway, and this was a step forward for him to take more responsibility as a faction leader.

"Yeah, sure," Quinn said.

"Be careful," Dennis whispered. "These guys really know how to stir the crap. You might need to hold me back." Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

******

My werewolf system Exclusive on P.a.t.r.e.o.n its only $1 dollar a month.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga