Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

770  Beast gun

Oscar began his great tale of the first encounter with the demon tier beast and everyone sat around the campfire listening well. It was a tale that not many knew all the details of, and they would be hearing it from the very man who owned a demon tier weapon.

At the time, the human race was in the middle of the war with the Dalki. At this point, they were fairing a bit better thanks to the introduction of ability users. The military were starting to learn the earth ability and Oscar was one of the first people selected to learn about such an ability.

Because of his talent with the ability, he rose up the ranks quickly and was put out on the battlefield more often than not. But still, the rollout of abilities to the military and general public was slow. Even with the use of abilities the Dalki were still far stronger and there were only a few that could go toe to toe with them. They needed to do more to win this war, or at least give them a fighting chance.

During this time, another man had been introduced into the war who would also be one of the few who people came to know as one of the 'Heroes of war'. This was none other than Leo. He was one of the first few people that were able to kill a Dalki without the use of ability or at least they were unaware of him having an ability. Due to the use of abilities, only those that had great power were able to kill the Dalki, which would destroy what was left of their bodies and equipment.

However, thanks to Leo, they were able to retrieve the bodies of the Dalki mostly intact. This was when they discovered the strange armour the Dalki wore. Testing it out, they soon found out the great power of beast equipment.

Still, this could only increase the strength of a few, not all Dalki wore beast equipment, and it was hard to retrieve their bodies as the Dalki seemed to be actively collecting their fallen comrades as well.

That's when another person, who would turn the tide of the war appeared, Richard Eno. He was the one that told the others of the active ability of the beast equipment, and also claimed he knew where to find more beasts.

After showing what the beast equipment could do, and how it could power people, there were those that started to trust him. The military were desperate and felt like they had no choice. Eventually, he was given access to everything the military had access to, most of it being destroyed parts of the Dalki's spaceships and more.

From this, Eno introduced the introduction of portals. Portals that would transfer one to the beast solar system, and the introduction of beast planets would come into play.

Of course, a few tests were done with soldiers, before deciding anything, but they were getting desperate. Learning abilities took too long, and people were starting to hit their limit with certain abilities. Just because everyone could learn an ability, didn't mean they would be as strong as another with it.

The military then started to rely on their second plan more, relying on the beast planets with the beast gear. A small team of fifty people led by Oscar was made, and they were to travel to the beast planets, hunting for crystals.

Back then, there were only portals, and the coloured portal system never existed, they had no clue what dangers they would face, but the group sent out were confident. They were all ability users, and Oscar was special, being the only one at the time in the group who could use a soul weapon.

As expected, beasts were killed easily and crystals were obtained, but then they started to come across more difficult beasts, the crystals obtained slightly different, clearer on the outside. The expedition was a long one, and they would constantly send back crystals back to the military.

Here, Eno had discovered along with the help of others how to turn the crystals into weapons. A report came back to the expedition team, stating that the clearer the crystals were, the stronger the weapons and armour created from them would be.

This wasn't good news, as Oscar knew that the clearer crystal came from the more difficult of beasts they were hunting. However at the time, Oscar was in a position where he was unable to go against his superiors orders and he knew the dire situation earth was in.

In a way, they were being relied upon. Their hunt for clearer crystals put them into different areas on the planets. They started to learn that the stronger beasts were located in the same area, which made their progression slower.

"Sir, we can't continue on like this, ten of our men have already been injured and the beasts keep on getting harder as we press on." One of the sergeants said, voicing his concern.

The group were resting after having defeated a group of strong beasts, it came as a surprise as they were looking for a place to use as shelter. They were currently on a planet filled with snow, and the visibility was quite poor. In the middle of a storm, they had attacked. It turned out they were there all along and the stronger the beast was, the more intelligence it had as well.

Still, they had eventually found a place, an ice cavern of sorts that allowed them to take cover from the snowstorm outside.

"I know it's hard," Oscar said, clenching his fist. "But I just got a report recently from back on earth. They have just destroyed London. Whatever you knew of the place no longer exists."

The sergeant looked devastated and so did those behind them. London was one of the strongholds, one of the main bases that were being used, and it just meant the Dalki were even closer to winning the war.

"We'll stay here until the snow storm dies down, and then we can move out again." Oscar said. "Those that are injured can remain here, and we will come back to get them. We have been getting good feedback from the team. The latest batch of crystals we created have been the best weapons yet."

16:04

we created have been the best weapons yet." Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Oscar and his team were also trial users for the beast equipment. Whatever they sent back, would be made into items and sent to them first. This helped them gain more strength as they went on, and they found that the beast weapons of a higher tier dealt more damage.

"I can tell, the beasts we are fighting aren't the strongest this place has to offer, and I still haven't had the chance to use this yet." Oscar said patting his side. It looked similar to a gun that would be used, but everyone knew guns were useless against beasts and the Dalki. Which meant Oscar had to be carrying something special.

Beast weapons were pretty useless if formed into a gun, as every crystal had an imprint, these imprints helped base what the items or weapons the crystal could be used to make into. If weapons weren't made to this spersfic imprint, then it would cause trouble when trying to activate the beast weapons power, once again making it no better than what the Dalki were using them for.

No beast imprint was suitable to be made into a gun, the second problem was, even if it was, then the next problem was what to supply it with, as standard bullets did next to nothing. However, when research continued they found something.

There seemed to be a beast crystal imprint that was suitable to be made into a bow, and then later they found one suitable to be made into arrows as well. If this could be done, there was soon hope for having a gun beast weapon along with a bullet.

And many assumed that what Oscar had on his side, a one of a kind weapon. The only beast gun and bullet in existence.

While waiting for the storm to settle and in the cavern, the room they were in started to vibrate, the icicles on the roof were moving slightly, and pressing their hands up against the wall they felt like they could feel something.

"What was that, an earthquake?" One of the men asked.

Another vibration was felt, and this time listening carefully a scream of some type could be heard, it sounded more like a cry. A scream so loud that it had caused the whole room to vibrate.

"It's a cry of a beast, and a pretty loud one," Oscar said.

The cries continued and the vibrations in the room were felt. When looking outside in the snowstorm they could see nothing, but also the vibrations seemed to lessen. When returning to the cavern, they quickly realised that it was coming from underneath instead.

In the room, there were several tunnels that looked to have led down, but afraid of where or what they would lead to, they thought it would be too risky to investigate. Especially if they were fighting.

"You're not thinking of going down there are you? The tunnel walls could collapse if you start fighting."

"With my ability it shouldn't be a problem. I can stop the place from caving in, and if the beast is as large as it's cry, there's bound to be a lot of space down there and another way to get out." Oscar repeated.

After much discussion, Oscar gave his squad the choice, to either come with him or not, and that he would only be scouting. But other than the ten who were injured, they all agreed to go with him.

This was one of the biggest mistakes Oscar had made, as he would be the only one left alive to return.

******

My werewolf system Exclusive on P.a.t.r.e.o.n its only $1 dollar a month. Cheaper than webnovel :) and you get access to the MVS webtoon. (2 Chapters per month)

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga

Bình luận

98

Xem tất cả

hey guys I uploaded the unedited files by accident it should be fixed now

at last a gun.... I want a gun as a blood weapon..  just like quinns blood bullets

 