Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 773 How will we succeed?

There were multiple things that had been revealed in the story that Oscar had told. They were revelations none of them knew about and it came as a great shock.

"A beast gun, well that is certainly amazing." Mona said. "I never knew one existed, it's a good thing those two reporters aren't here or they would be having a field day."

"Well, it was wasted in a way, destroyed there and then." Oscar replied. "And ever since there has never been another one made along with the bullet. However, the use of energy weapons became more potent after, using the crystals raw energy as a form of lasers, and this has worked the best against the Dalki and their ships so far. But remember, beast crystals are still hard to come by, they aren't something easily manufacturable like bullets, so stronger beast crystals make more sense to be made into weapons or armour.

"A sword can be used again and again to further fight more beasts and the Dalki. A beast bullet just isn't practical."

"It's true, there are many flaws with something like a beast gun." Owen said as he played with his fan, looking at it as if it was a great piece of craftsmanship. Quinn was wondering if the fan itself was some type of beast weapon as well, considering how much Owen had it around him. It was hard to tell as it didn't have the usual beastly features that beast weapons have.

They had learnt a few more things from Oscar's story, but it wasn't good news. Information was key when going into battle, and none of them other than Oscar had faced a demon tier beast before. They were hoping his story would give them an idea of the beast's strength but it hadn't.

In the story itself, the beast had already been greatly injured and it was hard to tell how injured. But according to the information that was found out later, it had been placed in a deadly fight against another demon tier beast beforehand. Being a humanoid one, it came out as the winner but not without a few scratches here and there.

Oscar and his group were just in the right place at the right time. Although it was also strange to say that considering they all still had died, it sounded like Oscar would have died as well if it wasn't for the other demon tier crystal and gun that he had in his possession, which they didn't have this time.

"You're worried?" Helen asked, seeing the deep frown on Quinn's face.

Quinn paused before answering.

"I think it's fine to be worried but I just thought we would have gotten a better idea from the story of the demon tier beast's strength." Quinn replied.

"There are a few things that are different this time." Said Oscar. "Back then, I was not as strong as I was today, we also have the other top ability users here as well."

"But we don't have the gun, the demon tier crystal, nor has the beast been greatly weakened." Owen mentioned.

"True, the forces are small as to not cause great damage to our men, at the same time depending on the size of the beast we might need a great force, which is why I chose the number of people to come along with us on this hunt. Too little and we may never be able to kill the thing. Too many and there is a chance of sacrificing too much for the sake of the crystal.

"Also there are a few more things that we have now that we didn't have before. Our men are wearing the best of the best of beast gear that we can find. Their lives won't be as lost easily, second we have this." Oscar said, patting a large wooden box to his side.

The others knew what he was referring to.

"The demon weapon." Helen mumbled.

"Correct, not just any demon weapon, but also one from a humanoid type beast. Before I used the demon crystal to kill one, this time we have the demon weapon."

When Oscar had returned back from his expedition, the demon weapon was created and rightfully so, they allowed him to be the user of it in the war. With the demon weapon in his hand, he had become one of the heroes of war.

Hearing everything, Quinn was starting to wonder about the other demon weapon that had been secured by Pure. Oscar was extremely lucky, but what about Pure? Could the same set of situations have happened to them to stumble across the demon weapon? No, that was very unlikely.

Which meant somehow using their strength, they were able to kill a demon tier beast. It showed just how strong Pure was.

"Do you know how Pure came across their demon tier weapon?" Quinn asked. He figured that after what he had done, there was a good chance that he had created a target for himself, and it would be good to learn of them a bit more.

"Actually, we had no clue Pure had a demon weapon in possession. I guess the military has been keeping too many secrets." Oscar sighed, like everything he was telling them was a great weight of his chest. "I have been following after those that were left behind, but I often forget that I'm the one in charge now. At one point, we had discovered Pure's whereabouts.

"You see the reason why it's so hard to find Pure and their base, is because it is located in the sea."

"In the sea?" Quinn repeated, confused.

"Correct, the Pure base is a giant submarine located somewhere in earth's seas. They are constantly on the move and hardly ever surface, but at one point we had received information on their whereabouts. As a chance to get rid of the pain in our backside, I went there personally. The attack was going well until I had clashed with their leader, and that's when we had discovered they had a demon weapon.

"I don't know how, but rumours had come out, perhaps other people had seen their leader use the demon tier weapon as well. Then, the world saw the use of the demon tier weapon once again when the alliance attacked Pure during the civil war. Maybe it would be best to ask those guys, they still remain back with the other ships, and they will be able to give you a better picture."

"Was it anyone you recognised?" Mona asked, now interested in who the Pure leader was after seeing the strength of one of their top members.

"No, I thought it might be someone who had taken part in the war, especially someone with such great power. However, his fighting style did remind me of someone...never mind, just the ramblings of an old fool."

Having only ever experienced the strength of the emperor tier weapons, Quinn was wondering just how strong demon tier weapons could be that everyone was willing to fight over them for and risk their lives.

His eyes started to glance over at the box and Oscar at this point noticed that Quinn wasn't the only one that was looking at the box. Everyone at the campfire was.

Oscar started a deep laugh which sounded like it came from deep within his belly.

"Ha, ha, I suppose you all want to see it don't you?" He asked. "What a demon tier weapon looks like and what it can do."

Looking over his shoulder, he looked at all the groups that were a distance away. "I suppose it would be useful for you to know about it, after all we will be fighting together."

Opening the large rectangular box in front of him, he dragged it across the floor. The others wanted to get up from their seats and look over, but at the same time their pride wouldn't allow them to seem too keen.

'Pride, what do I care.' Quinn thought, as he stood up from the seat, and stood next to Oscar as he started to unlock the box.

*****

My werewolf system Exclusive on P.a.t.r.e.o.n its only $1 dollar a month. Cheaper than webnovel:) and you get access to the MVS webtoon. (2 Chapters per month)

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga