Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 788 Find Quinn

The ones that were sent out for a hunt were patiently waiting above the large crack that had been made in the planet’s surface. They had called for smaller ships to come to their destination and then they would go through the crack in search of Quinn and the demon tier beast.

While waiting though, they had to make a few decisions. Only small ships could be taken, so a small team rather than the one they had brought with them, needed to go down there and they were now deciding who would go.

"We have to be honest with ourselves." Owen said. "Nearly everyone here is pretty much useless when fighting against the demon tier beast. We knew it was going to be a large one so we brought a big force, but we never knew it was going to be a defensive type. If we take more people down with us, then they will just get in the way or there is a chance they might not return."

The others that were listening in on the meeting nodded in response, it made sense after all. Now it was just a matter of who to pick. From the Cursed side, Sil was already adamant that he would be going, Fex had also agreed as well.

As for the others, although Sam was a good strategist, it would be risky taking him down there, and Dennis and Nate knew they weren’t really up for the challenge. Paul could do well, but he didn’t have the right equipment with him to do much damage either. So the only two that were chosen were Sil and Fex.

The military had chosen Oscar and Duke, Graylash family member Owen and another member, while surprisingly Mona had said that she would stay above.

"My beast isn’t strong enough to deal with that thing." Mona said. "I thought when the smaller crabs came out I would be able to control them, but it seems to be linked to the demon tier beast. Besides, someone has to protect those on the surface. We will wait here, and if your ships are destroyed or you need help, we can easily send more support."

The others didn’t like this too much. As one of the family leaders, Mona would be getting a big reward out of this joint hunt. Not only that, but she had also kept the demon tier location device a secret from them all, which had put a sour taste in the others mouths. Still, it was true that Mona didn’t really do much. And the deal had already been agreed beforehand.

"I would like to volunteer to come as well." Logan said, raising his hand. "I can help you locate and pinpoint the demon tier beast easier."

Oscar looked at Logan who had a small frame and a small digital device by his side.

"This is a very dangerous task boy, and although I will protect you, I will protect my own life and those close to me before protecting you."

"Don’t worry, I can look after myself." Logan said.

The truth was, they wanted someone like Logan to go down with them, so there wasn’t much pressure against him when he requested to join.

In the end, Helen and her two sisters also agreed to join, but their job would be a different one. They had done a good job protecting their backs from the beasts when the leaders went to attack. This time they would be in charge of protecting the ships that they would land in.

Their guess was this secondary inner planet could be filled with dangerous creatures.

Finally, there were two more people who had volunteered. Bonny and Void.

"You do know you still won’t be able to record anything." Said Oscar. "Why risk your lives?"

"We need to make a report on this, I know this will be a big turning point for the whole world." Bonny said.

Through her determination and sheer will power, the others knew she wouldn’t take no for an answer, and so those that were to go down to the inner planet had been decided.

Finally, the ships had arrived, but due to how little of them were going they only needed one ship. However, the other two that were brought as well were left on standby, protected by Mona in case they needed more help.

Once everyone climbed on board, they were wished good luck and they were on their way.

Once on the ship, everyone took a seat and Logan was in charge of controlling the ship, claiming to have the most experience. When they saw he was able to control it with just putting his hands on the control panel, they quickly allowed him to take charge.

"Everyone strap in, hold your gut as much as possible. We will be dropping down at a speed greater than this ship can fly, your insides will feel like they are being pulled out from you. With me being at the front, if you throw up, then the sick will be going all over me."

The ship was ready and it soon started to descend into the black crack. Diving deep down, at first it was a steady slow ride as they used their lights to navigate through the crack, making sure they wouldn’t hit any of the walls.

"What the, is this it?" Fex said. "I thought it was going to a lot worse than-"

Once the ship got past a certain point, it felt like a strong force was pulling them down. Their stomachs felt like they were sinking into themselves, right down to their toes.

"Argh! I’m going to be sick, I’m going to be sick!" Fex shouted.

"Don’t you dare, pretty boy!" Ivy shouted, as she was the one that was sitting in front of him. "I will tie you up and whip you until you’re raw if you’re sick."

The group continued falling at a great speed and then, they could see a light. Going through it they continued to drop and at the right time, Logan activated the thrusters to counterbalance the ship.

It was a hard stop, and this was where the real pain for the others would come. Eventually when all was settled, Fex quickly undid his strapping and headed straight for the onboard toilet, but just shy, he managed to throw up all across the floor.

The group quickly landed and left the ship as the smell was too much for them to bear.

"What the hell do you eat?" Ivy asked.

Honestly, Fex didn’t know how to answer that one.

Looking around them they could see the forest area and immediately Sil was looking for any signs of Quinn nearby but couldn’t see any.

"There will have been a set distance where he could have fallen from, he couldn’t have gone too far from here." Logan said.

"What are you doing?" Duke asked, as he walked over to Logan. "Pull up your machine and let’s look for that demon tier beast."

Logan looked at Duke for a few seconds, there weren’t many interactions with the two of them at school, but he still had a dislike for this man, based on the trouble he had caused.

"No, we are here to find Quinn first, and then locate the demon tier beast second." Logan said.

"Did you just see how far we dropped from?" Duke replied. "You think that brat is alive, you’re just wasting our time. And why do you care about him? Remember Mona’s not here to protect you." Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"But I am." Sil said, as he fired a lightning bolt, hitting just ahead of where Duke was standing. He was inching his way closer and closer to Logan, and it was clear if he had moved any closer it would have hit him.

Oscar was about to give Sil another lecture, but they all soon heard the stomping of a loud beast. The ground was vibrating and the sound of tree branches breaking were heard. Then peaking over the trees, a long necked beast could be seen and when it finally appeared out of the greenery onto their area. It’s large body, similar to the dinosaurs of the old.

Quickly pulling out one of the scanners, Logan quickly scanned the beast in front of him.

"Careful, it’s a legendary tier beast." Logan warned them.

The rest got ready for battle, Oscar drawing his sword and Owen ready to fire. Then a streak of blue lightning went past all of them, hitting the beast in the neck, causing it’s head to fall and hit the floor. The beast was dead.

When they turned around they all could see that it had come from Sil.

"We look for Quinn first." Sil said.

*****

My werewolf system Exclusive on P.a.t.r.e.o.n its only $1 dollar a month.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga