Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 901: Stuck in place

No news, no updates, nothing was heard. It was as if the tenth family had been set outside as an outcast. It was clear there had to be something going on, and Paul was starting to wonder if this was a tactic to put them on edge. The Longer they felt this way, they would eventually tire themselves out, and maybe that’s when they would return with another attack. The only good thing was that the attack hadn’t happened yet. They waited a few days and finally, something did happen.

None other than Prima, the new Royal knight, had been sent to deliver a message first-hand at the north gate. He had been sent alone. The towers weren’t activated, but even Sam, who was standing at the front, didn’t know how they worked.

’Can it tell if he’s planning to attack us or something?’ Sam thought.

"Please bring me to your vampire knights straight away," Prima demanded without stating the reason why he was there. However, Sam knew not to make them angry at this moment and started to escort him along with Dennis.

The two of them kept an eye on him the whole way, it was out of fear after having just been attacked, and Prima didn’t like it. As a Royal knight, he should have been respected, but the eyes of the others were looking at him like he was an enemy.

’I should kill all of these misfits on the spot!’ Prima thought, but the words of the King, Bryce were in his head, and he wasn’t to cause a scene and deliver the message.

Eventually, they had sent Prima to a meeting room that had been created recently. It had two offices inside that were placed opposite each other. On one of them, it was filled with paperwork. This was where both Paul and Leo would work. It was obvious from a look which desk belonged to who.

"I am here to inform you that a decision has been made," Prima announced. "Quinn, the tenth leader, along with the one known as Alex, the blood fairy, will be executed at midday tomorrow. Those in the tenth family are to remain in their inner castle area and are not allowed to attend the event. Those that do not comply with this rule will be punished.

"After the execution has been done, there will be an investigation into the tenth family to decide who is directly involved with Dwight’s death from the tenth family. Attempting to leave will also be punished. A group of Royal guards will be placed around the castle to make sure no one leaves this area. They have been given permission to use force if an attempt is to be made." Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The terms that had been given were quite ridiculous, but both Paul and Leo knew that saying anything was pointless. The decision had been made, and complaining to the Royal knight would mean nothing.

"Does this start from this very moment?" Paul asked.

"There is already a group keeping an eye on you to see if you are to leave this place. The Royal guards will be here soon. Make sure your towers and statues don’t attempt to attack the Royal guards. Otherwise there will be trouble."

With that said, it looked like Prima didn’t even want to give them any more information, as he was already on his way out. Paul was just thankful the others weren’t there to hear what was said. Especially Peter, as he would have lashed out on the spot, possibly trying to fight with Prima.

Another worry was the towers. They didn’t know how they worked and were worried that they could possibly attack the Royal guards as they approached.

After much discussion between the two of them, Paul and Leo decided that they would call all those that were close to Quinn inside the usual dining room. They thought about not informing them, but they wanted to know how they felt so they could get an idea about what to do.

However, when everyone entered the room, there was one problem.

"Is there a reason why Logan and Peter aren’t here?" Paul asked.

"I couldn’t find them anywhere in the castle. Maybe they are somewhere in the inner castle area?" Sam replied.

"Oh, those two said they were going outside to look for some lab or something, outside the vampire settlement. They don’t know when they will be back." Sil casually replied, as if it wasn’t a problem at all.

"What!" Paul shouted, stunned. Although, he didn’t know if it was good timing or not. If they had tried to leave now, it would be impossible, but he was now shaking at the thought of them returning and finding out about Quinn.

Knowing the two, they would do whatever it cost to stop the execution.

Hearing that the two of them were going to a lab, Leo could only think of one place. The place they had discovered a while ago in the mountains. While there, they didn’t seem to have any troubles, and Peter was strong, but still, there would always be some type of worry.

"We can try and go look for them?" Layla suggested, seeing Paul shaking his head.

"That’s the problem. We can’t," Paul replied. Just moments ago, he had received a message from Ashley, who had remained at the gates. The Royal guards had arrived to keep them in check. But they had also informed him that just before, they had a couple of visitors that had entered that should be joining them soon.

Paul explained to the others what they had been told by Prima, and the room fell silent as they were struggling about what to think.

"So, if we try to save Quinn, it basically means we are going against the king? Fighting all the leaders?" Layla asked. "But what choice do we have? They are basically telling us they are going to kill Quinn."

From the last conversation they had, Paul already knew everyone would fight trying to save Quinn. In a way, they also knew that if they didn’t, their lives might become worse, and death would be a better option. As ex humans and with no leader, they could only imagine how they would be treated.

"That may not be the case." A voice said, entering the room. The doors swung open, and two people were seen. It was the guest Paul had been expecting, Silver, along with her little brother Fex, who was darting his eyes around the room randomly.

"Fex!" Layla said. "You’re alive and look great!."

But it was clear that Fex had no clue who Layla was or anyone else in the room.

"Hey, everyone, I’m sorry if I don’t know any of you? You know, I kind of have memory problems, but please treat me like you did before, and we can be cool, right?" He laughed nervously.

Although Fex coming back was a moment to be celebrated, their minds were still on the most important matter at hand, and wanted to know what Silver meant by her words.

"I had a meeting with Bryce, I don’t think he is planning to kill Quinn at this execution. At least not yet anyway. Before that, he wants to find the real person that killed Dwight, and he also knows that there might be a bigger threat coming our way."

"A bigger threat?" Sam said. "Did something happen?"

Leo started to move and headed over to where Silver was standing. The others naturally moved out of Leo’s way.

"Haven’t we been around each other long enough to know you don’t have to do that around me?" Leo commented.

Some of their faces went red out of embarrassment. Those from the cursed ship didn’t know Leo very well, and seeing his eyes like they were all the time, just did what they had done out of instinct.

"I guess you already told Bryce everything we have found out, which means it’s time for us to tell all of you," Leo explained. "The ones framing Quinn, it seems they have been preparing for this for a long time."

Silver nodded in agreement.

"We will explain what happened to us in the few days we were left, and once you know this, we can make our plan."

The story both Leo and Silver were about to tell, was during the few days back, when they met up with the original eighth leader and what they had discovered that had held them up for so long.

******