Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 914 - A red beam

nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

After spending a few days at the lab, Logan had gathered everything he needed. He had even found the time to create new weapons for Peter. As for the serum, there had been enough to create two vials of green liquid.

How long they would last for or more importantly what effects they would have on Borden, Logan was unsure. He suggested they should test one out before they left, but Borden insisted that he trusted Logan and he thought it wiser to have a second dosage just in case.

As for Peter, he still wore Paul’s gloves on his hands since they were made with fairy blood. However, there were now two single long blades hidden under his clothing where his forearms would be,

that could retract as he wished. It was safe to say he was pleased.

Luck seemed to be on their side, since just like on the way to the lab they didn’t run into any trouble on the way back. When they had reached the vampire settlement, things seemed to be a little more rowdy than usual.

"What is going on?" Logan asked, as many vampires were out on the street all talking to each other excitedly. Yet, the tension in the air around didn’t seem to bode well.

Using his hearing, Peter listened in to all the conversation he could, while Logan was gathering information via his small spiders. Between the two of them they quickly figured out what had happened while they were away, how Quinn’s execution was set and how the tenth castle was surrounded by the Royal Guards to prevent them from doing anything about that.

’This is not good, if the others can’t leave the castle, then how will Quinn get out of his predicament?’ Logan started to rack his brain for a solution. In the end, it felt like that it may very well be down to the three of them, to break Quinn out of this whole mess.

Some time passed, and it looked like the execution was proceeding as scheduled as those from the families and pooling area were moving forward. Heading down a dark alleyway, the disguised Logan and Peter met up.

"Well, it looks like Quinn is going to have a hard time breaking out of this one." Peter concluded his research.

Logan nodded. "I also failed to find a way for those inside the tenth castle to escape undetected.." Logan replied. "The Royal Guards have made sure to have all our exits covered, however, I doubt that those inside the castle will do nothing. They will try and help Quinn escape. The problem is the Royal Guard’s strength is nothing to laugh at, each one of them is meant to be at the same level as a Knight. Even if they do try to break out, it will be hard to make it in time, especially since Bryce must have ordered the leaders to stop us as well.." Logan replied.

"Damn it!" Peter shouted in anger, nearly punching the side of the house they were meeting behind, but quickly stopped himself, worried his strength might give them unwanted attention. "Screw it all, I’ll just have to disguise myself as one of them, and break the chains off Quinn. I’m sick and tired of all this vampire crap! Let’s just break out and leave this place for good."

Quite frankly, Logan actually felt the same way as Peter right now. The vampires and the whole situation surrounding them was just tiring them out.

"Let me help." Borden declared. "If I use the serum I should be able to do the same as last time. As long as I can use my strength I can break the chains that are holding Quinn and Alex."

Although Logan wasn’t against the idea, the problem was they didn’t know how much strength Borden would regain, nor how long he could fight for. Fighting without that information would be troublesome and risky. What if Borden lost his strength in the middle of the fight and because of it lost his life as well.

"Don’t worry about me." Borden said with a smile. He then moved his small hand and snatched the syringe Logan had been holding on to. Before the others could react, he had already injected it into himself.

"At the end of the day, I’m just a clone right? I just want you guys to promise me one thing. If anything happens to me, look after the kids from the Blade family and bring back Vorden." he said, grunting a little and falling to the floor.

At that moment, his body started to change, his body was growing by the second, and his hair with it, as it reached nearly the bottom of his waist. Soon, Borden was back to the size he once was.

Lying there on the floor with his clothes ripped off him, he started to clench his hands and touch all over his body, including the dangly parts.

"I’m back, it worked, my body is back to the same size!" He proclaimed excitedly.

"I have to warn you, we don’t know if this is permanent or not, so please don’t get too excited." Logan reminded him. "And you probably should not waste any time. Think of every moment as possibly the last."

"I know." Borden nodded. "We should act under the assumption that we don’t have a lot of time, so let’s get moving."

"First we need to get you some clothes." Peter pointed out.

This was an easy task, since nearly all the houses were empty, their occupants having left to go to the execution. Stealing some clothes for Borden to wear was simple, but seeing Borden standing next to Peter had given Logan an idea. Something that would give them the best chance of survival.

------

Quinn suddenly noticed something. He could feel that other than Alex who was by his side, there was another connection out there in the crowd. However, he was unable to pinpoint where it was coming from exactly.

’Did someone come here to try and break me free?’ Quinn thought, but looking over the vampires he didn’t recognise anyone, yet that made him think of the first person he had turned. Ironically, that assumption did not make him happy in the least.

’Of all people, why the hell is he the one out here? He’s going to ruin everything! My whole plan!’ Quinn started to panic, yet there was really nothing he could do, especially since even he didn’t know which one Peter was. ’Maybe, it’s just someone wearing Peter’s mask... ’

------

Standing out in front of everyone, at the edge of the platform, was King Bryce. When he raised his hands, everyone in the settlement bowed their heads down, and then looked up at the King. This sight pleased Bryce greatly, making him almost forget about all the bad things that had happened as a grin appeared on his face.

"Thank you all for coming here today. Alas, today is not a joyous day." Bryce began his speech. "We are all here to witness the execution of the tenth family leader, Quinn Talen. He is a grim reminder to everyone that no matter what era we are in there will always be those who think of themselves first and foremost. As the new King, it is up to me to uphold our laws and the Vampire code!"

"Alongside him there is another member of his family, a subclass created by himself, who shall receive the harshest punishment! You may have heard the rumours so let me confirm, the tenth family has indeed been harbouring a Blood fairy!"

Hearing these words, a few gasps were heard between the people, but not many as there were only a few that knew what a blood fairy actually was.

"He is a subclass that is a great threat to us vampires! It is clear by keeping this subclass that the tenth leader has been planning to ruin the lives of us vampires, as he has already done to the late Royal Knight Dwight and so his punishment must match the crime! I decree that both of them shall be executed today!"

The sword was picked up by Muka, it could be seen in the distance as it shined and glistened even in the dark. He looked at the two of them, and shook his head slightly, but not enough for it to be visible to those watching from below, yet Quinn was close enough to see it. Muka didn’t want to do this but he had no choice.

’After I stated that I would save you, I was unable to in the end. The only thing I can give you two now, is a quick and painless death. I shall perform a clean cut.’ Muka thought as he started to walk up to the first person, who was Alex.

The sword was raised, and pressed against the back of Alex’s neck. It stayed there for a few seconds, before it was lifted up in the air. It stayed there as Muka hesitated for a few seconds, but that was the perfect opportunity.

A red beam of energy came out from far off, and hit the very tip of the blade throwing it off balance.

"Now, that’s our go sign!" Peter shouted, as the two jumped over the other vampires and were heading straight for the stage.

"You think, we didn’t expect this?!" Cindy taunted, as three leaders including herself appeared in front of Borden, surrounding him. At the same time, the other leaders, including the Wight Vampire Knight that Peter had fought with, surrounded him.

The normal vampires left the scene as soon as possible, afraid of getting caught up in the ensuing fight. This wasn’t the same as last time, where some leaders might choose to help out and some were not attacking, it was everyone against that of the tenth family.

The red beams of energy continued to fire out at Muka, but he carefully avoided them after having felt their power. Logan’s sniper rifle used pure energy created from the blood crystals they had obtained.

Unfortunately, as a vampire leader Muka was too fast to be hit by them after knowing to expect them.

"I don’t want your family to get hurt anymore!" Muka shouted. "So I shall end this, and with the death of both of you they will have no more reason to fight!"

Quinn, seeing Peter and a stranger coming to help, thought the fighting had already happened, and he couldn’t let Alex die in front of him.

When the sword swung down at Alex’s head, the sound of the wind being sliced could be heard, and soon after, half of the sword was seen falling to the floor.

"I was wondering when you would call me." Leo said.

"We have been waiting for this, don’t worry we knew you would do this." Paul replied as well.

Seeing how Peter had joined in already, Quinn had decided that it would be finally time for him to use the system’s summon skill, bringing both of his knights to his side.

"Good, now break me out of here, and let’s get the hell out of this place, before I really start tearing all these guys apart!" Quinn shouted.

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga