Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 916 - The truth

Leo’s sword was continuing to clash against Prima’s, but once in a while Prima’s speed would win out and another small hit would be made on his body. After having removed the poison from his body, as Cindy had suggested, he was back to his usual self and was fighting at full strength. This time when attacking, he was more cautious than before.

’If I want to win this fight, I can’t just treat this man as another Vampire Knight, I have to fight against him like he is a leader.’

What was strange though, was that Prima’s attacks were faster after the first hit, and after a while longer of trading hits, Prima managed to get another hit on Leo’s shoulder this time. Still, blood wasn’t drawn, but when Prima came in thrusting multiple attacks, he was even faster than before.

’Now I have an idea of what is going on.’ Leo thought. ’It’s his ability. After he successfully gets a hit, he will get a speed boost, and it seems like his ability will stack with each hit. What an interesting ability, but there must be a time limit. As long as I avoid getting hit for a while, I will be able to return with my own attacks.’

Knowing this, Leo reverted to his own blood attacks, throwing out swipes of blood and keeping Prima’s attacks away from him. For some reason, it seemed like Prima was desperately dashing in, hoping to get another hit in.

’Looks like I was right on the ball.’ Leo thought.

However, he was soon distracted, for he felt an energy source heading towards Quinn. If he didn’t do something, then Quinn would be hit by it. Leo was ready to act, but then he saw that one other was already moving before him, as if they were always ready to come in at any time and block any attack that would head Quinn’s way.

It took a second for everyone to process what they had just witnessed. Even then, they weren’t sure if what they had seen was correct, nor the reasoning for the person’s actions. For some reason, the very King who had ordered Quinn’s execution had just blocked an attack.

It wasn’t until Cindy verified what they had seen from her words that they realised it wasn’t a mistake.

"Bryce!" Cindy shouted again. "I will ask you again, why did you save that traitor’s life?"

It was such a drastic scene, and confusion had spread so much that the fighting all around had stopped. After all, Bryce the King must have had a reason for interfering, and there were those families that still didn’t believe that Quinn was responsible and wanted to hear what was to be said.

"I didn’t think you would actually come through on our deal," Quinn said, looking at Bryce’s back. "I guess you at least kept your word."

Bryce scoffed a little and didn’t even turn around to acknowledge Quinn’s words.

"You are a lucky boy. You shouldn’t thank me, things just happened to come through in time."

He then walked forward to the edge of the platform.

"Prima, Kyle, stand down," Bryce ordered, and even though they didn’t know what was happening, they decided to comply and stepped away from both Leo and Paul.

"Cindy, you are shouting at me like I am another leader, but I do have to remind you that even during this moment, I am still your King!" Bryce said, with anger in his voice at those last words. He was no longer hiding the hatred he had for the person he was looking at.

His eyes had naturally lit up red, and there was something Bryce was never able to hide when he was angry. It was the veins on his hands that would show.

"I’m sorry, your majesty." Cindy corrected her tone, giving a slight bow and biting her lip. "But forgive me, have we not all gathered here, with the whole vampire settlement and its leaders to witness the execution of a traitor?"

"Yes, you are right," Bryce stated, looking back at Quinn, and nodded towards Leo. It was a clear sign that Leo was able to act without him interfering. Using his sword, he cut the chains off from Quinn’s hands and feet, and he was finally free.

"So, he wasn’t lying after all?" Alex whispered as he rushed over to Quinn’s side.

"It seems to be the case," Quinn replied, thinking about the moment the two of them had met in the underground cellar.

Before their execution, Bryce had visited them to bring them out, but he had come alone. Without his Royal Knights by his side, it was strange, but when Bryce stated he wanted to speak to Quinn alone, it became a little clearer.

"Your execution has been set, and we have had some news about what has happened, but there still isn’t enough evidence. However, I can’t delay this any longer." Bryce explained. "The wheels are already set in motion. Quinn, what I need you to do is delay your own execution for as long as possible, you are buying your own time, and if you are successful in this, then we can all get out of this alive. Well, at least the people that should still be alive."

Bryce wasn’t really being clear, but Quinn knew that Bryce didn’t suspect him of killing Dwight right now. In a way he was using him, what for Quinn didn’t know and was unsure if he even should trust him. However, if he was going to do his escape anyway, then he might as well believe in Bryce’s plan a little.

This was the reason why Quinn had decided in the end to abort his plan of turning into a bloodsucker once leaving the room, to do his grand escape.

However, Quinn was unsure why at this very moment, he had finally decided to intervene. What was he so desperately waiting for?

"Now, let’s all find out who the real person is that has been working with the bloodsuckers, killed our Royal Knight Dwight, and has attempted to frame the tenth family for all these things," Bryce stated quite confidently.

Still, Cindy was unfazed, and even started to break out in laughter.

"Wow, so you really are trying to pull the wool over all my followers?" Cindy replied. "You have already become King. What do you have to worry about? Are you really now accusing me of all these things? Everyone knows that you have hated me because I was close to taking the position as the next Queen. Are you afraid that they might think you are unfit to be King? I would say if you are the one saving the tenth leader, then it is more likely you are covering up for something."

Those listening in to the whole conversation honestly didn’t know who to believe at this point. For one thing, it was clear. Quinn did have a blood fairy, and Bryce had saved him, while there was currently no evidence for these crimes against the second leader. Not publicly anyway like there was with Quinn.

"Why do you think I have waited all this time to act?" Bryce stated. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

At that moment, someone else was heard walking onto the stage, and it was an old face Quinn hadn’t seen in a while.

"You did the right thing, believing in me and my father, Quinn. Thank you for not killing him back then." The voice said.

As she walked past, with her hair tied up in two buns, Quinn could see that it was Kazz, but it didn’t seem like the same Kazz he talked to last time. When she spoke his name, it wasn’t one of hesitation.

"Did she...regain her memories back!?" Quinn thought.

"That’s right." Kazz said, standing at the front next to her father. "I Vampire Knight Kazz Cane was attacked along with fellow Vampire Fex from the tenth family, and it was all her doing." She pointed. "Cindy Cha of the second family."

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga