Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 920 - Kill anyone

As soon as explosions and fighting was heard all over the city, There was one person who had made the tough decision to break off from the group he was with and headed straight towards the settlement, diving right into all the fighting.

’With the others here, they should be alright without me, Quinn you won’t hate me for this will you?’ Peter thought as he ran full speed out of the square and between buildings. He continued to run and didn’t care who got in his way, as he bumped shoulders with those in a panic, and even knocked a few people over on his way.

He ignored the cries of pain around him, and continued moving forward. In front of him, on the floor there was a female vampire, who was grabbing onto her teenage son. There were those who were fighting on the sides against each other and it looked like they were hurt.

Peter wasn’t sure what was going on, but with all this happening he knew there was one person in trouble, Logan. Logan had remained far back in the vampire settlement giving them their support when needed with his new weapon. It was safe for him to stay away from the fighting, but now the fighting was everywhere.

However, with the vampires returning and the chaos and fighting going on between the vampires, Peter knew there was now a chance that Logan could get involved. Peter didn’t think Logan was weak, he knew he could hold his ground but it was different here in this world.

Logan wore the spray that made him appear as a vampire to everyone else, but if one scratch appeared on his body, then all the vampires would be attracted to his blood, and not just the ones that were attacking the other vampires. It was possible that even those around him that were injured, would be wanting his blood to heal themselves.

At that moment, as Peter had reached a short distance from the woman and child, one of the eighth family vampires was seen leaping towards them.

"We must get rid of all the demons attacking the vampire settlement!" He screamed.

The mother’s arm was bloody, while the boy was injured and didn’t look like he could move very much. She gripped the boy tightly, bringing him in closer and placing his head across her c.h.e.s.t.

"Our King, please save us!" She said, knowing that it was possibly her end.

Running past them, not slowing down, the vampire had come into Peter’s field of vision.

"Get out of my way!" Peter shouted as he threw his fist. The vampire seeing this tried to block it, but Peter wasn’t holding back his strength and when the punch landed, the vampire’s torso was ripped from its body as it went flying down the street.

Quinn was just as strong as the other leaders, and Peter’s strength was the same. Regular vampires would be no match for him.

The woman looked up and could just see a young man running off in the distance.

"Who saved us?" She thought, not recognising the vampire.

While going through the settlement, this had happened a few times. Peter didn’t stray from his path and many vampires tried to attack him. Each one that did, he continued to deal with them with a single blow, saving other vampires all around.

"We were saved, but was there a vampire that strong?"

"I know him, I know him. He’s from our tenth family." Another replied excitedly. "He’s the special Wight!"

Some of them started to remember Peter from the Fex rescue mission. Right now though, they didn’t care what family he was from. The vampires were just happy that someone was able to help them and save them from the attackers, even if it wasn’t his intention.

———

Logan being where he was could see everything that happened and when it had happened. The vampires were returning to their homes from the square. They were all walking nervously after learning of what happened to Cindy.

But everything changed the moment the vampire with the curly moustache snapped his fingers. In an instant, some of the vampires that were walking with them started to grab their heads, and attacked those left and right.

There was great confusion, as the vampires from the pooling area didn’t know what was happening, and were unable to tell friend from foe for a while. It was only later that they realised that it was all the vampires belonging to the eighth family that were attacking.

The only good thing was that Logan was in a high position, while most of the vampires were down below. He started to pack his weapon away, and changed his suit into the speed type.

’I have to get back to the tenth castle. That’s the safest place for me right now.’ Logan thought, as he used a grappling device, to swing him from building rooftop to another. He could hear and see the fighting going on from below, but he knew there wasn’t much he could do.

Until the fighting eventually had reached the rooftops as well. Finally, vampires who were willing to fight against their comrades had appeared, and with two sides fighting it had gotten quite violent. One vampire was chucked up into the air, and as the two of them were falling both of them were swiping their arms firing blood swipes at each other.

For now, Logan thought it would be best to ignore them all, that was until on the large flat rooftop he was on, something had crashed in front of him only a few feet away, kicking up a storm of dust. When it finally settled, he could see that one vampire had defeated another, as one was on the ground lying dead.

’I would hope that the one that survived isn’t one of the crazy vampires.’ He thought.

The vampire turned to look at him.

"Another demon, we must protect the settlement at all costs." The vampire said.

"I guess, I was never meant to be that lucky," Logan thought.

He quickly activated the crystal slots located on his forearms and in turn two red blood energy blades were created. He would have to deal with this vampire quickly before others turned up, and he had to make sure he did it before the energy blades ran out of power.

In a fight like this trying to insert another crystal from his inventory into his suit of armour would be the death of him.

The vampire was quite wild in his attack, so Logan patiently waited for it to initiate. Even if a vampire was faster than him, he knew he only had to attack at the right time, and not attempt to randomly attack or dodge. Then, he would at least be able to do something.

As its claws swung out, Logan swiped his thin energy blade cutting right through the vampire’s arm. It fell to the floor, but there was no sign of the vampire slowing down.

If you’re in the air, how are you meant to dodge?" Logan said, as he changed his other blade into a cannon shot. Firing it right at the vampire’s body hitting it straight on.

It was a risk, as he had used all the energy in his right arm using it as an energy shot rather than a blade, but it seemed to do the work, since the vampire was no longer moving, and most of its body had disappeared.

Placing another blood crystal in his arm Logan was prepared for anything, and was getting ready to head to the next building. He got his grappler ready and fired it out. However, while it was in mid-air, and before attaching itself to the other building, a rumbling could be felt from underneath.

The whole building began shaking, and soon the roof itself was collapsing. Logan was falling through all sorts of debris and fell right through two floors to finally land at the bottom.

Luckily, his suit of armour had protected him from getting any external injuries, if he was to bleed now then it would certainly be bad.

’What caused the building to collapse like that?’ He thought.

A few seconds later, he had found the answer, as pieces of the building were chucked everywhere as if they weighed nothing. Not too far from where Logan was, something was coming out from the rubble, and the first thing Logan could see was a pale bald head. Soon though, he realised as the creature started to stand, it was larger than a regular vampire and with all its other features on its body it was clear it was a Bloodsucker.

Straight away, it lept towards Logan, but it was too fast. Instead of trying to attack, Logan switched to his arms, to change into the defensive type of suit. The spiders worked quickly, moving parts of his armour to increase the size of its forearms.

Still, when he was hit, Logan was slammed to the other side, with the only thing stopping him was the house wall. With the strong impact, Logan could feel blood filling up in his mouth from internal damage, but he refused to let it spill out of his mouth.

He looked down at his arms, and the armour was destroyed but he wasn’t cut. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

The Bloodsucker was ready to try the same thing again. And even with its basic stupidity and attacks, Logan couldn’t block it a second time.

"You should fight someone, who fights more your style!" A voice said, grabbing the back of the bloodsucker’s head, and slamming it onto the floor. Then, from its forearm a blade extended outward, stabbing it through its head, killing it in an instant.

When Peter looked up at Logan, he could see no visible blood.

"Looks like I made it in time." Peter said.

Logan smiled, but soon his body started to jolt, and he couldn’t hold it in any more. A couple of coughs were made, and the blood from his internal injuries had spread out across the floor.

"I’m sorry, I couldn’t hold it in any more." Logan said, with his teeth and tongue covered in blood.

A few seconds later, and the place was surrounded with vampires. Vampires that were injured from the fighting, even those that were fighting each other just seconds ago, all had one thing in mind. They wanted Logan.

"Come on! I’ll kill anyone who tries to touch him!" Peter shouted.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga