Chapter 923 - Raining blood

While Borden and Leo were busy fighting the Original vampire Remus. The others were all busy dealing with their own opponents as well. There was no slacking or time for any of them to rest.

Paul and Kyle were both fighting together. Although, it turned out the rumours about the older generation vampires being stronger were true. While fighting, Paul and Kyle would both use their blood swipes together just to match up with one of the eighth family’s past leaders.

If they didn’t then the old leader’s swipe would overpower theirs.

However, just because one had the strength of two people, it wasn’t the same as fighting two and the eighth leader would soon find that out. Paul had activated his soul weapon and was using it well, attacking him all around.

At first, the leader was able to dodge a few of the poison balls, but soon he found himself trapped by Paul’s ability. Although the poison ability was something new to him, his soul weapon was not. He had years to perfect how to use his special earth balls created from his soul weapon, and he now could do the same with his poison.

The good thing was, even if his poison was cut or hurt, they could reform, and touching them with one’s skin wasn’t the best idea as the leader was finding out. From a desperate attempt, the leader started to use his blood skills, firing off blood swipes, blood bullets and more, but not a single one touched Paul.

Not because of Paul’s super skills or speed, but because Kyle was there protecting him with his special cape ability.

"I’m not foolish enough to know you are on our side, and you’re the best chance we have of getting rid of this guy as quickly as possible." Kyle said. "For now, let me be your shield."

It certainly was strange, someone Paul was fighting moments ago, was now protecting his life, but he was glad to have him on their side. With that, the two of them inched closer and Paul continued to use his soul weapon with the poison balls.

’This strange ability.’ Kyle thought as he watched him and continued to block attacks. ’It’s as if his ability has a second form. Can all past humans do something like this?’ He started to wonder.

Although people didn’t like to talk about it, vampires were always said to be split up into two groups; those that thought they should protect humans, and those who thought they should rule over them. However, during Kyle’s time he found a third group, one that was afraid of humans. Usually these would be grouped in with the second one.

They wanted to rule over them, so the same thing couldn’t happen, and Kyle was wondering if this was one of the reasons.

Eventually though, when Paul got close enough, all of the green balls had stopped moving and fell to the ground. It was so sudden that Kyle was unprepared for the fist that was coming their way. He could move, but then Paul would get hurt.

’Damn you!’ He thought, as he turned the cape into a solid shield, and took the force of the punch head on, soon multiple punches were coming their way and Kyle didn’t know how much longer he could hold on for. His hands were becoming numb, blocking the attacks.

"What is wrong with you, have you suddenly gotten sick you fool!?" Kyle shouted.

But Paul found it hard to hear his words and was touching his head wincing his eyes as if he was in pain. Once again, just like before, Paul was experiencing all the strange voices in his head. Cries of the people he knew.

’Wait.... How can that be possible, the only people here are those close to Quinn.’ Paul thought, as he noticed he couldn’t hear any of their voices, but just voices of those he truly cared about at the tenth castle.

At the moment, the tenth castle should be safe, or at least one of the safest places.

"Just hold him on for a while longer." Paul grunted, and held out his hand. The poison that had fallen to the floor started to form into the ball shapes again, and soon they joined together to create a large ball of poison.

’These voices, they are all fake, I will make you pay for making me hear the screams of my people. I fight so they or any of the human race will never have to feel this way.’ Paul said, moving his hands towards his body.

The large ball of poison was heading for all three of them and was as large as a human body.

"Cover us!" Paul shouted.

Listening, and seeing the green ball. Kyle quickly changed the cape from a shield and covered both of them like a blanket.

Now the leader thought he had his chance, the less material used by the special cape meant that it was weaker. However, soon he felt a searing pain hit him on his back, and it covered his entire body, soaking him from head to toe. It entered through any holes that could be found in his body and the more poison that was entering him the weaker he was feeling.

Some of the poison had continued to move forward due to the momentum, but it had only hit the outside of the cape.

"We should be safe now." Paul said, and Kyle thought the same since they weren’t being bombarded by fists. Taking off the cape, they could see that the leader was on his knees, his eyes lifeless.

A huge amount of poison that no human or vampire could take had entered his body.

"We..." Before Paul could finish his sentence, his vision was blurring and he started to fall over, but before he could, Kyle caught him and placed him on the ground.

"You are a strong one, but it looks like whatever you did used too much power. You deserve to rest, but I still have someone else I must help." Kyle said, looking at the King.

Bryce had let Prima charge in first, and Bryce was carefully watching the two battle. Cindy had a supportive ability so she wasn’t the strongest of leaders, but he knew they needed to be careful due to their blood ability, but as long as Prima could keep her busy she shouldn’t have the chance to use the ability.

So right now, Bryce was waiting for the right time to act, however, the right time never came. Prima was hitting Cindy with his rapier sword multiple times all over her body, and with each hit, his speed increased. This was his ability, but it seemed like his attacks were doing nothing with the armour on her body, and the small scratches he was making on her face, the damage would be reversed.

Then, at the right moment, she grabbed the rapier weapon with her b.a.r.e hand.

’Huh, when did she have such strength, is it the blood armour?’ Prima tried to move, but she was too strong.

At this point, Bryce knew that Prima was in trouble, and also tried to charge in, but the rapier had melted in her hands, back to the liquid form it once was when it was made.

"Do you have any idea what power I have obtained?" She said, and soon the blood lifted from the ground from those dead vampires around, and the blood from the fights around them. Using it, she had formed little small pellets the size of bullets.

Everyone who was at the plaza could see it, and it looked like rain of blood had stopped mid air.

"This is bad! She’s going to hurt us all!" Jin said, seeing such a thing.

Moving her hand, the thousands of blood bullets in the area came shooting out towards them. Those in the tenth family next to Quinn, told Kazz and Silver to come close to them and they raised their shadow, blocking the attack.

Jin had cut himself and used his own blood to create explosions around him, to stop the bullets from reaching him. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Borden, with the strength he had, decided to try and cover Leo’s body taking all the hits himself; and Kyle had covered himself and Paul.

The bullets went at such a speed and had entered Prima’s body going through him like they were nothing. Soon thousands of small pellet shaped holes could be seen through his body. As she let go, Prima’s body fell to the floor. Unmoving, but no one was sure if they were alive or dead.

Many of them that were prepared managed to protect themselves, but when Jin looked at his opponent Jill, who he was fighting not too long ago, he could see she was unable to avoid the attack. She had protected herself with blood hardening as much as she could, but had been hurt quite badly by the attack, it didn’t look like she would be able to fight anymore, and instead he thought his best use would now be going up against the person who had just caused this mess.

Bryce had done well to block the attack with his ability. Nearly everything that came within a certain range had been blocked.

"I admit the absolute blood book is strong, but in your hands I know it will be the weakest it has ever been. You have only had it for such a short time, and won’t know best how to use its powers." Bryce said, pointing his sword towards her.

"Let me show you how undeserving you are, of that power you have." Bryce said, taking the flask from his side and throwing it onto his blood weapon. It started to light up red, as the power within the sword was beginning to activate.

Those from the platform stayed where they were and continued to watch the fight down below. They knew that they weren’t strong enough to get involved after what had happened, but also many of them had no clue as to those that were fighting right now, especially of the new king.

"Should we help Bryce?" Silver asked, standing next to Kazz.

"My father is the strongest vampire of all the leaders. Unless Arthur himself appears in this battle there is no one he will ever lose to." Kazz said quite confidently, but for a second, her eyes looked slightly behind her, at the person who was inside the shadow dome.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga