Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 925 - A king doesn't yield (Part 1)

As if the heavens knew that the battle everyone was about to witness was going to be a great one, rain drops started to fall from the sky. It was a very odd sight for those from the Cursed faction as it was the very first time for them to witness this weather phenomenon on the planet.

Normally, when looking up one would only be able to see the dark sky. The only light source they had came from the moons and that from the crystals, making it hard to discern if there were even any clouds above them.

The blood attack of the second leader had made it clear to everyone present that Cindy was wielding tremendously great power. Blood skills of that magnitude were supposed to have major drawbacks, either consuming too much energy or hurting the user, yet she looked completely fine, ready to use it again at a moment’s notice.

Kyle, uncapping himself and Paul, had managed to survive the attack, but he didn’t have the best look on his face either. The cape was linked to his ability and just like with any other ability it could be exhausted and by the looks of it, he was nearing that point.

Still, he wasn’t quite done yet. Kyle quickly lifted Paul off the ground and went straight ahead to the stage where the others were, handing the tenth family’s second Vampire knight over to the hands of those from the Cursed family. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"Hard to believe that he used to be a human, a shame that boy got to him first. I would have loved having someone like him as a subordinate." Kyle stated. "He shouldn’t be too hurt and as a Vampire knight he should heal in due time."

Kyle looked towards Prima who had remained motionless on the ground all the while. He checked in on him, elated to see that he was severely injured, but had not lost his life yet. "If we can get out of this alive, that is." There was little he could do for the other, so as cruel as it was, he left him lying there, hurrying to Bryce to help out in any way possible.

"What should we do? Nate asked. "Should we stay here, or try to get to the castle? If Quinn gets out, we should be able to get there with his Shadow travel, right?"

"The teleportation jammer is still up around the tenth castle." Kazz pointed out. "The King hadn’t receded his order since he didn’t want you to run away. Besides, going back to your castle will do nothing. Unless we defeat her here and now we’ll all be dead."

The others could tell that Kazz had a lot of confidence in her father, but after witnessing what Cindy had just done, they just couldn’t see him winning. He might be the current Vampire King, but she was the one who had learned the Absolute blood skill.

Would it even make a difference, if Quinn managed to make a full recovery?

"I don’t know about you, but I lost most of my MC after that attack just now." Sam mentioned. "I don’t think we should join in. We aren’t a match for any of them and we will just get in the way if we intervene. It’s possible that she will use more wide area attacks, so we should focus on making sure Quinn remains safe in that dome. Our best option right now is to stay put and pray that he comes out soon!"

Hearing Sam say this strengthened their resolve. It was a bitter pill to swallow, but there really wasn’t much else they could do. If they were going to die anyway, they may as well do it facing their opponent with everything they had.

One more person joined the stage and was quite heavy footed as he landed. So much so that his feet actually went through the stage slightly. Borden was covered in green blood, dripping from his legs, shoulders and c.h.e.s.t nearly everywhere, with a lot of it ending on the unfortunate Leo in his arms.

The only places that seemed to have remained relatively safe was where he would often grow his Dalki scales from. Around his facial area and his forearms, yet it was clear to see that they were not that much better off than the rest of his body.

Alas, Borden lacked any abilities or skills to block the previous attack, having no other choice but to rely on his body’s resilience. He hadn’t had much time to think about it, as his primary concern at the time had been to protect Leo who had run out of energy after their fight and whose fate would have sealed if he had gotten hit.

Placing Leo on the stage, Borden was a little wobbly as he practically fell over from exhaustion. The first one to rush over to him was Layla, hoping she could do something.

"Vorden!" She shouted, as she knelt by his side. "Sorry, I mean Broden, is there anything I can do? Do you need blood?" If she had been in her right state of mind, then perhaps she could have attempted to use the negative emotions to transform and use some of her healing abilities on him.

"Don’t worry about me, I’m used to losing a lot of blood. Besides, this Dalki body is stronger than you might think" Borden was half joking. Although it was true that he often got injured in that form, he wasn’t exempt from experiencing all the pain that came with it. Nevertheless, it was true his body was tough and while the injuries might have killed anyone below the level of a Vampire noble, he was able to still joke around.

Even now with all his wounds, he had this strange energy inside him. If there was an opponent that was ready for a fight, he would be ready in an instant. Borden also hadn’t forgotten that in the worst case scenario he still had one more syringe. 10 minutes had long since passed, yet his transformation had still not disappeared.

In fact, he wasn’t sure when or if it would run out.

’I will have to thank the little guy later.’ Borden thought with a smile.

At that moment, Bryce had thrown blood from his flask on top of its weapon and the centre part of it started to fill. Kyle was now standing by his side, while Jin stayed behind, waiting for the perfect opportunity to jump in.

He took out his own blood weapon, a shield. Activating it, small razor sharp ends were seen coming out, and pressing the top of the shield, it was soaked with human blood. The only way they could see themselves winning the fight was by using the blood weapons they had.

"You idiots, have you still not grasped the kind of power at my disposal? Bryce, how can you be so old and yet behave so foolishly?!" Cindy mocked the Vampire King, holding out her hand, after moving her fingers ever so slightly. The glow on Bryce’s blood weapon started to fade, and the next moment droplets of blood leaked from the weapon.

All the blood Bryce had just splashed his blood weapon with, Cindy had effortlessly pulled it all towards him, making his weapon useless.

’A blood weapon without human blood, is practically nothing.’ Bryce grumbled internally, realising that she had effectively sealed off one of his trump cards.

"I was never one to rely on a weapon’s power anyway!" Bryce shouted, charging forward, lifting his sword. If Cindy was already capable of controlling blood to this degree, he understood that using any blood moves would just be suicidal and play into her hand. The only choice he had left was to best her in close quarter combat.

"Without your blood powers, how are you any different from those humans?" Cindy taunted him even more, chucking the blood towards Bryce. As it flew through the air, the blood started to spread into different balls, eight of them to be precise.

"Doesn’t that look like Paul’s soul weapon?!" Linda gasped. Indeed, she was right, having witnessed Paul using it earlier had provided Cindy with the idea, and at the moment she was copying his move.

*******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga