Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 934 - A vampire Hero

It was safe to say after the events of what had happened, everyone was exhausted, both physically and mentally. This time it wasn’t just one family that had suffered losses, but nearly every single one had been hit.

It was tough to say how this would affect the vampire settlement and was too early to tell, but the one that would have to lead them out of all of this was their King, Bryce.

Trying to regather and create order for all of what happened, even though he was still recovering himself. Mainly, he used the Royal Guards to keep control of things, as they were used to help rebuild what was lost, make a count of all those who had perished, and keep guard in case there were any more nasty surprises for them.

This whole event was quite a shock to the vampires, and it would take time before they really understood what had happened and why. Especially the few that had remained from the eighth family, as nearly the whole of the eighth family had been wiped out.

A whole day had passed since the event with Quinn and the other leaders. Those from the tenth family had been standing there nervously on the stage as they saw Quinn collapse on the ground. They had just seen Quinn exchange some pretty heated words and were worried that Bryce had possibly done something.

Even though they wanted to move, they were cautious and didn’t do so until they were allowed. At that moment, two people who had been away had now returned, and their appearance when returning had come as quite a shock.

Lifting him off the ground and placing Quinn over his shoulder with ease was Peter.

"What the hell are all of you standing around for? Quinn is exhausted, and no one’s going to take him back to his castle?" Peter said, walking to the others and shaking his head.

Bryce did nothing to stop them, and allowed them to do as they wanted.

The group was left speechless by the appearance of Peter and Logan. Not because of their actions but due to how they looked. Peter’s clothing was ragged and soaked in blood. Apart from his face, it looked like he had been dipped in a bucket of red paint, and as for Logan, He was missing an entire arm.

"What, what happened!" Nate couldn’t help but ask, while staring at the wound, that had been seared off.

"I guess we both need to update each other on our situations," Logan replied. "The good thing is all of you are alive. I was sure by my calculations of probability, at least half of you would have died. You were one of those on my list."

"What the hell is that supposed to mean?!"

Before leaving, Silver wanted to have a word with Kazz, and pulled her arm before she went off to look after her father.

"Kazz, you and Fex both lost your memories to Cindy, right? But you somehow got yours back. What happened? Can you do the same to Fex?" Silver asked.

"I’m sure the King is definitely willing to. He owes Fex and all of your family a huge favour, but please understand that there will be more pressing matters before this. I just ask you to wait patiently." Kazz replied, leaving to go with her father.

Leo, having recovered some of his strength from the fight, propped himself up using his sword’s sheath.

"Everyone, we shall return to the castle and rest," Leo ordered. Usually, the family leader would be in charge of organising what happened to those in the tenth family, but as Quinn’s breath could be heard going in and out like a baby. It was best if Leo took over.

After all of those events, the group had managed to rest inside the castle for the rest of the day. They excitedly talked to each other about what happened while they were away.

"No way, a hundred vampires?" Wevil made a face like he couldn’t believe what he’d just heard. "If it was Borden, maybe?" ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Peter shrugged his shoulders, for he really didn’t care if they believed him or not. He just answered the question of what had happened.

"I never knew you were a Dalki!" Wevil said, walking up to the table Borden was standing on.

After about an hour after the fight, Borden had eventually returned to his small size once again. The good news was the liquid allowed him to stay in his true form for longer, and Logan said he should be able to make more for him as well.

Even give him an injection now if he wanted, bit Borden was getting used to his small size. He was more bothered about being disadvantaged by a time limit during his fight.

’I never did try creating a solution with the vampire crystal. Maybe next time.’ Logan thought.

"Don’t worry about me being a Dalki. I am based on my brother over there," Borden replied, pointing to Sil, who was in the corner of the room. Sil hadn’t joined the others, and for a good reason as well.

Even if he had been there, he would have been useless and just used by the vampires and Cindy as another blood bank.

The tenth family were quite excited and upbeat about the whole thing. In a way, it was a relief. There was so much pressure going on about Quinn’s death, it felt like for the first time since coming to the vampire world, they could finally relax. That was until Sam had brought up something.

"The words Quinn said to err... Bryce, at the end, do you think we can all go home?" Sam asked.

"We don’t know yet," Paul answered. "At the moment, the vampires seem to be busy trying to track information from Cindy, the person who caused all of this. As you all know as well, Quinn hasn’t woken up. I’m sure there are many things they would like to discuss with him. However, Bryce is a strange fellow.

"Quinn’s words could very well be treated as a threat. From the short time I have been here, it looks like the vampires have a lot of pride and demands for the King to be respected. Quinn is playing a risky game by requesting to not be part of the vampire settlement. As soon as one family leaves, then the other leaders will ask for special requests as well, and that’s something the King doesn’t want."

The others hearing this looked a little depressed. It sounded like there was a chance they couldn’t leave this place, and if they did, then Quinn might be in some serious trouble again.

"Although I agree with my fellow Knight a little, at the same time, I don’t," Leo said, placing his hand on Paul’s shoulder. "You underestimate the power of a hero. Quinn has done something that the King could not. Shouldn’t a hero be rewarded for his efforts?"

Some didn’t understand what Leo meant by his words, but soon they all came to know exactly what Leo meant. Because standing outside of the tenth castle right now, were hundreds and hundreds of vampires, all wanting to enter the tenth inner castle area.

The only thing stopping them was the Royal Guards that had been stationed at each of the gates. The reason they were there was due to what they had heard. It was impossible for them not to find out what had happened, and now the tenth had a new reputation that was being spread.

The tenth that defended a strong attack from two families, and the leader that was able to take down the one that had caused all of this. At the same time, there were rumours of a Wight from the tenth family, heroically going around saving all the vampires.

The tenth family weren’t aware of their sudden popularity just yet, but they soon would be. Although there was one more person who had found out about it even before them.

Inside the King’s castle, on the top floor. Bryce was sitting at his throne. He was in the middle of many thoughts, as they had found out a lot in a short amount of time, and he was pondering about the many decisions he would soon have to make.

It was something that couldn’t be delayed as people would want an answer and a forward action from him, so that something like this would never happen again.

While in the middle of his thoughts, the doors were swung wide open, and Kyle was seen entering. His cape was flapping, and knelt down.

"Is there something concerning?" Bryce asked.

"Not very concerning, but perhaps something I thought you should be aware of. I know you are struggling with what to do with the tenth family leader so I thought I should let you know." Before speaking more, Kyle gulped. "The tenth leader, Quinn Talen, is being hailed as a hero and saviour of the vampire race by the other vampires."

This piece of information certainly had made Bryce have to rethink what he had originally planned.

"A hero..." He repeated, looking at a newly placed painting, that was stationed just above the entrance to the throne room. It was large, and it went from the top of the doorway all the way to the end of the chilling.

The painting itself was of Arthur standing there, having sliced his grandfather’s head off.

"I will never forget."

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga