Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 935 - King is just a title

There were many things that needed to be done before Bryce could think about other things, but in his mind the top priority was obtaining the blood powers that he believed should have rightfully been his in the first place.

He wouldn’t let anything get in his way and most of his resources were placed into this task.

Using the influence skill on Cindy was relatively easy and the main reason for this was due to Quinn’s shadow eater skill. With that, she was no longer the vampire she used to be. It made her whole body weak and this also made extracting information from her quite easy.

With this, they had gotten information of where the book that would store the absolute blood powers was kept. Unexpectedly it was hidden in an expected place, in the second castle. It seems like Cindy was arrogant that either one, her plans would have never been revealed or the second, that she would succeed so there was no point attempting to hide the book.

A further investigation went into the second family’s tombs, and although one of the tombs had been opened none of the others had been. This was expected because the person who had actually woken one of the leaders, was Bryce himself.

Going beneath the King’s castle, with his two Royal Knights protecting him, Bryce was there to visit Cindy herself. Now that he had the blood book, the powers needed to be extracted to the book, and then Bryce would have to take the powers form the blood book again.

In a way he was thankful that she hadn’t been killed, otherwise he wasn’t sure what would happen to the blood powers, and there was no knowledge to date about that either.

When he arrived he could see Cindy there, a vampire leader covered in a plain brown top. Her eyes were heavily bagged. Even though vampires didn’t need much sleep they still did on occasion, but it looked like Cindy never got to rest and it was all due to the pain she was suffering from.

Cindy had been confined in one of the cellars where a special combination would be needed, in order for it to be opened. The conditions inside the cell were better than what Quinn was kept in. Due to Cindy’s current mental state they knew that they didn’t have to worry about her breaking out. However, it was still unknown if there were other leaders who might still be working with her, who might attempt a rescue.

Although, it was still deemed necessary to bind her hands and ankles so that she was unable to make another suicide attempt. At least, not until they had extracted all the information from her that they required.

The blood armour had already been taken off, and was placed in the King’s vault like it should have been. Only when needed would it be called upon. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"What do you want?" Cindy asked. Not even looking up, when Bryce had entered. The heavy cuffs that bound her hands and legs, prevented her from the freedom of being able to move around too much.

"The Punisher’s power is certainly cruel and usually I would say no one is deserving of such a fate. But for you I think the punishment fits quite well. You know why we are here." Bryce stated.

Prima handed Bryce the blood book before he walked over to where Cindy was, and quickly made a cut in the palm of her hand. Bryce wasn’t sure if she was resisting or not, even if she was, he couldn’t tell based on how weak she was now.

He shoved her hand on top of the book, and then his eyes started to glow red, as he looked into hers.

"You will give up your absolute blood powers." Bryce stated.

At that moment, Cindy had no resistance as she had no choice but to do what he asked, and the book started to glow. A whirlwind of red swirls of energy surrounded her body, and the power had even lifted her up in the air slightly, but no matter what happened, Bryce wouldn’t let go of the book.

As the whirlwind began to die down, all of the red swirls had entered the book, and the red gem in the center started to light up once again, showing that the power had been returned.

Prima went forward to grab the book off Bryce once more, but Bryce shook his head and placed it beneath his waist.

"This power has already fallen into the wrong hands once, it won’t happen again. You can lock up the book once the powers have been transferred over." Bryce said and looked back at Cindy.

"We have been trying to run our investigation to see who is exactly involved in this. The eighth leader Jill keeps insisting that she was forced by you, and that even she doesn’t have a clear picture or idea as to why you exactly have done all of this." Said Bryce.

"Now are you willing to tell us, or are you going to make this difficult for us?"

The reason why Bryce wanted Cindy to say things of his own accord was because the influence skill worked best when giving simple commands and answering simple questions. If they want to find out the truth from Cindy this way, they would have to play twenty questions and may have missed out a few things here or there.

Whereas if Cindy willingly told them, then they could just use the influence skill to confirm whether or not what she had said was the truth.

"And will you grant me my wish if I tell you everything?" She replied, whining still from the pain.

"Which wish, your wish to become Queen or your current wish?" Bryce asked, thinking he knew what her current wish was.

"Hahah, I never knew you were a funny man, my wish was never to become Queen, Bryce. Although I still managed to accomplish half of what I wanted, I will tell you everything. As long as you promise to kill me after." Cindy requested.

Bryce had to think about it for a while, they could get what they wanted through the influence skill, so Cindy didn’t really have a bargaining chip. In all honesty, after Bryce got what he wanted from Cindy, it didn’t matter to him if she was dead or alive. As long as he could store her blood for other uses in the future.

"You have my word, that we will set a date for your death so you will not have to suffer forever." Bryce promised.

"Bryce, I don’t know whether you will make a good King or a bad King, or whether you even care about hearing my story, but if the old King had listened to those beneath him, then maybe something like this would have never happened.

"Sometimes, when you try to fix the current problem and not think about the future, then the solution now might cause a bigger problem in the future." Said Cindy.

Walking up to her, adn staring her in the face, Bryce showed no fear.

"Cindy, let me tell you something, why would I take advice from someone who is in your position?" Bryce replied. "I am here where I am today because of my actions. At the very top of all the vampires, while you are stuck down here in this cell suffering. I would be mad to take advice from you."

Hearing these words, seeing that Bryce was so proud of what he accomplished, it made Cindy smile.

"Ah yes, you achieved this all by yourself didn’t you, and you say you are top of all the vampires? King is merely a title. I can see you’re afraid. It’s why you won’t let anyone touch the blood book anymore, because even you think deep down that there is now another one. Another vampire more deserving of that title.’’ Cindy said.

Although Bryce didn’t react, his body told a different story as the veins on his hand started to bulge once more. He and his Royal Knights knew who she was referring to. It was the tenth leader, Quinn. The one the people claimed was the hero.

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga