Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 936 - Cindy's darkness

After Cindy’s taunting words, Bryce had eventually calmed down as he thought about a few things. He touched the book around his waist and he could feel the power seeping out from the book.

"You think the tenth leader will be a problem? I disagree." Bryce said, as he pulled out the book from his waist and a flask along with it.

"Your majesty, what are you doing?" Kyle asked. "You are meant to obtain the blood powers in front of all the other leaders." Although Kyle didn’t question it, he also wondered where Bryce had retrieved another flask with all the leader’s blood inside.

"And have more people question who has the right to this power? You know we are all far too involved in this already!" Bryce shouted back and poured the flask of blood over the book. The power that was recently bound within the book just a moment ago, was now seeping out again.

The red crystal on top of the book lit up brightly, and soon started to dim as the powers inside were transferred over to Bryce.

Bryce looked at his hand as if it was foreign to him, and started to move it like so as well. Then from the wound that had been cut on Cindy from earlier, he started to move his fingers, and blood started to move from her hand creating a small ping pong sized ball.

Eventually, he started to rotate it, spinning it around his hand.

"Cindy, with this power no one should have been a match for you. You were in such a rush to complete things. Now as King, I have time on my hands. That boy will not be a problem. Now, speak."

Cindy wanted to say more but she could tell that, now he had the blood powers, it had given him a sense of false confidence. She knew this best because she had felt the same way, yet she had still been defeated. Saying anything now would just be wasting her time, and the quicker she told her story, the quicker she could get rid of this pain.

———

Cindy had the respect of many leaders, and during her time she had helped other leaders as well as their people with many problems due to the powerful second ability. Because of this, she gained a lot of favour with certain families.

Part of this was also due to how hardworking Cindy seemed to be, and this was actually true of her behalf, but the reason why she was so hardworking was because of her father. The second family went through a rough period when her father, the old leader, had turned into a Bloodsucker.

When her father had left, she too naturally hated him for what he had become. Bloodsuckers, vampires who lost control to the bloodl.u.s.t and couldn’t control themselves, going against the wishes of the settlement. Because of this, she hated her father.

For hundreds of years she had hated her father, when in truth he was the one that had always protected her.

She never understood why, but even before regaining her memory back, she would feel a slight shiver run through her body when being around men. It naturally caused her to have a disliking for them, but still she would put on a smile.

She thought this was due to the abandonment of her father, but after learning the dark truth she realised it wasn’t the case at all.

The truth of Cindy’s past was closely related to that of the eighth family’s and it wasn’t a good relation. The eighth family seemed to be obsessed with a certain goal that would be passed down from leader to leader and this goal in particular was attempting to create a Dhampir. They had tried many methods for this but none of them worked.

This eventually led them to trying to cross humans with female vampires, and one of the people that had been selected to participate in this, was Cindy. When she was still very young. The second family at the time had many children and they thought that the family wouldn’t care about such a thing, but her father Rowa did care.

Finding out about it, he had put a stop to it, however, after reporting it to the current King at the time and returning her, they had done nothing. Their answer was to simply start again, putting the current leader to sleep and selecting a new one. Cindy was traumatised for what she had been forced to go through and her father made it so she would never have to remember those events ever again.

When these memories resurfaced, she realised why she had a hatred for men, the past eighth leaders and for what had happened to her. The King, who had outcasted the only person who had protected her, and the eighth family who received next to no punishment.

Cindy wanted to get rid of it all, and she wanted to start with the eighth family. Supposedly, the eighth family Original leader had perished due to an experiment conducted from the tenth family, and she wanted to see this for herself.

Perhaps she could get an answer from him as to why she had been put through so much.

Obtaining blood from one of the eighth’s heirs she had entered the eighth’s family tomb and summoned the Original leader. They were right, what was left of him certainly wasn’t a vampire, there was nothing left but a beating heart, linked to an outer shell of the brain. There was no flesh, or anything, or even a way for the body to properly consume blood.

She imagined they had put him in the tomb just out of respect.

However, Cindy hadn’t exactly been honest about the strength of her powers, after spending some time, over the course of weeks she had eventually restored the eighth leader back to what he once was and he had remembered everything the tenth family did to him.

Although Cindy wanted to get rid of the eighth family, she also had the goal of crushing the whole settlement. The one that had killed her beloved father. Now, the Original vampire Remus owed Cindy a favour. What she was surprised by was just how much power Remus seemed to have over his ability compared to the previous leaders. How when using his powers, he could force those with more of his blood to do whatever he wished.

Since both of their goals were similar they had decided to work together and Jill was thrown into the deep end of things. However, Jill being a female of the eighth family, she had more of a soft spot for her.

And this was how Cindy’s quest for revenge had begun.

---------

"So earlier when you said that most of your goal had been completed, you were talking about how nearly all the vampires in the eighth family have now died." Bryce said, having listened to the story.

"Correct, but it’s a shame I didn’t take everyone else down with me." Cindy replied.

"Then answer me this, I understand why Remus had a grudge against the tenth family, but you could have still completed your revenge slowly. What made you attempt to frame Quinn and attack them? There must have been more to it." Bryce asked.

"Because I was selfish." She answered. "Quinn had things that I wanted. He had three beautiful girls that I believed needed saving. My goal wasn’t to destroy the whole settlement, but create a new one where only females would exist, and the men would have to suffer the same punishment that I went through, and only to be used as tools for breeding." She said with a malicious smile. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Although this was true she hadn’t told the whole truth. The original plan was to do everything after she had become Queen. Slowly getting rid of the families and building her secret army but there were a few unexpected things that had occurred.

The first one was receiving information from the Bloodsuckers after her father’s passing, that in the tenth family there was Dhampir. The very thing that the eighth family had been attempting to create for so long, somehow the tenth family had managed to create one, and it was a female of all things.

Cindy wanted Erin for herself. Becoming Queen, she couldn’t possibly just request that Erin come over to her side. She needed Quinn to be out of the picture and out of the way, and to somehow build trust.

Then what had further escalated her to commit to her plans was the vision the banshee had told her. However, Cindy was willing to take the fact that the tenth family had a dhampir with them to her grave.

’I don’t know why the eighth family were obsessed with creating a dhampir, but I believe one day, it might be the end of all the vampires. I don’t even think Quinn knows what he has on his hands yet.’ Cindy thought.

"It seems like Jill was telling the truth after all, but it still doesn’t excuse her for her involvement in things after the fact, and her continued involvement. Now that the eighth family has been destroyed including all of its previous leaders, there aren’t many of them left alive. I will need to decide what to do." Bryce said as he started to walk away from Cindy.

"Wait, where are you going!" Cindy screamed. "You promised you would end my life!"

"Oh did I?" Bryce said, smiling back.

"Aren’t you a man of his word? I thought you were a respectful vampire that followed the rules and took pride in things like this!" She argued.

"Cindy, you aren’t the only one that has been keeping up an image in front of others for the sake of their goal." Bryce replied.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga