Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 940 - Paul's Goal

After looking at all the people from the top of the castle wall, he could see everyone. They looked back at him as if they were expecting some type of grand speech, but he didn’t really have one for them, nor was he expecting this in the first place.

They all thought he had saved the vampire race, protected them. When in reality, he was just protecting his friends and wanted to leave this place.

He then looked back at his own castle and started to look at the others in comparison. The towers, the upgraded walls and the castle itself. There was a huge difference now, and so much had changed in a short amount of time.

The last time he had come here, the castle was untouched, abandoned, and hadn’t been worked on.

’Are they really here for me?’ Quinn wondered and soon jumped back off without saying a word to any of them. He didn’t know if this would be better for his position or not, but seeing what had happened, seeing them. He now had a better idea of what he wanted to do.

"The tenth leader has asked me to do a few things. If you wish to join the tenth family, then you should comply with the following rules..." Paul continued on giving the vampires a set of instructions. All of what Paul was doing, was based on what Quinn had requested from before. Soon they began to let in vampires slowly into the castle walls.

Through talking to the vampires, Paul found out that there were quite a few of those that had been in the tenth family for a while, and their reasons for staying and wanting to join were quite similar. They had respect for Quinn ever since he had gotten in power.

Many of those in the tenth family were criticised, and the other families used their powers to abuse them. Similar to what Timmy had gone through at school. Because of Quinn’s request, before he had been accused of killing Dwight, the tenth family were already seeing improvements in their lives.

They thought that the new tenth leader was someone who actually cared for the family. Enough to even return to this place and come here when he didn’t have to.

They didn’t realise that Quinn had made that rule more so he would receive prisoners from the other families. In hopes to improve his own power. There was a selfish reason behind it, but it had done good in the process.

As things were rolling into place, Quinn noticed that there had been a summon. For the first time in a while, there was a voice, a message that had been sent in his head.

"This is a message from King Bryce. All leaders are to come to the King’s castle along with their fellow Knights in the next two hours. All leaders must attend."

The voice responsible for sending the message, was from Jill. It didn’t sound the same as she usually did. When delivering this message, it was far more monotone and spoken as if Jill had lost all hope.

Quite frankly, Quinn was surprised that she was still being used to send messages after what had happened.

Due to the message that had been sent, Quinn also called Paul and Leo back to the castle as well, as Quinn wanted to have his own meeting with all the others. Paul left the task he had assigned his men to Ashley, and they were off.

Due to Paul’s background, he was great at getting things done and was extremely organised and efficient. He made it so whatever plan needed to be implemented could be done quickly and run like clockwork. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

He only needed a piece to replace him in the clock with him away, and it could continue on working.

Finally, in the usual grand dining room that looked like it could seat around thirty or so people. Everyone that Quinn was close to had gathered. He deemed it important to him and those that were part of the Cursed ship.

"You might be wondering why I asked you all to come, but I have been summoned to the King’s castle for a talk. It’s what we’ve been waiting for, or at least I have been waiting for." Quinn said. "I’ll be blunt. I’m going to ask if we can leave this place. Although ask isn’t really the right word, I’m going to make it clear that I’m leaving this place, but I see that there is a lot to be done here, and there are those that care about this world." Quinn then looked at Timmy, Xander and Amy, who were originally from the vampire world. "I’m going to ask for a way, where I am still part of this crazy vampire ruling, but I have more freedom to come and go as I wish."

"From what I have seen outside, I realised that the position I’m in might be a lot better than we thought, and I can use this to my advantage. Honestly, asking just for permission to leave would be too simple for what we have done and what we have suffered through. I came to realise I have only been thinking about myself, acting on everyone’s behalf without actually asking what you guys wanted. So I want you guys to tell me now, is there anything you need or would like to ask for?"

It came as quite a surprise. For one, they weren’t sure Bryce was going to accept Quinn’s request, and now Quinn wanted to ask the King for more, but for those that were able to see deeper than the surface, they realised that Quinn noticed the power of the vampires. The power of the people.

Using them, and his ’good deed’ Bryce didn’t have much choice. What could he do if he refused his request, and Quinn decided to leave anyway? Attack the family, attempt to attack Quinn? It simply wouldn’t go well and cause another war.

The first to speak and wasn’t shy about asking for something, was Logan. He raised his good hand up before speaking. "Can I request we keep the blood crystals we obtained from the eighth family attack? I’m sure when things settle down, they will ask for them back, but they are quite useful to power certain items and even my own. I would like to do more research if possible that would help us out a lot. I believe the vampires have deemed this as an illegal item."

"I think that will be fine," Quinn replied and looked at his seared off arm. "Do you want me to see if they have someone that can get your arm back, or maybe a new one? They should have those in the second family that might be able to do something."

Even though Quinn said this, he didn’t really want to be sending another one of his friends off to the second family. If Logan did go through anything, this time Quinn would be right there beside them.

Shaking his head, Logan had no hesitation rejecting the offer.

"Don’t worry, I don’t see having fewer human parts as a bad thing for me. I can still use my ability just as well. Besides, I have other plans for this." He said, raising his stump. "If you get us back to the human world. I can work on something straight away."

Soon after, Logan started to mumble to himself, and had a slight smirk as he was thinking of the creations he could come up with.

Quinn looked around the room to see if there was anyone else, but all they really wanted was to go home. There wasn’t anything that the vampires could give them that they wanted other than that, until Paul had raised his arm as well.

"I would like to make an offer, and also a request as well," Paul said. "I have spoken with my people before this, so do not think I am talking on their behalf when I say this. Like before, I would assume that if they do accept your request to leave, they will want you to leave someone behind.

"This is also good for us as we can keep an eye on things here. My people and I would like to be the ones left behind to look after this place."

However, now with Quinn’s position in the human race, there was no need for Paul to be by his side any longer. Quinn knew that Leo wanted to do things as well. And felt a little bad for keeping him here.

Honestly, Quinn hadn’t planned to leave any of the main group behind, but if Paul did request and wanted to, he wouldn’t stop him.

"I see. Paul, I know you would only do this with the interest of your people, so what is it that you request?" Quinn asked.

"When you’re in the meeting, Quinn. I want you to ask them, If there is a cure. A way to turn a vampire back into a human."

*****

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga