Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 942 - Revote the king!

There had been a lot of things that Bryce seemed to have skimmed over, not giving many details about, and it left all the leaders with great confusion. For one, Bryce was already taking up the role of King pretty well, even though there were some that didn’t really agree with that either, but as he stated at the beginning, they would let him finish before he opens up a discussion.

"Since there is one less family, I think bringing back the Fourteenth family will strengthen us once again. On top of this, the Punishers, whether I want to admit it or not, kept the vampires of the past in line.

"In a way, too much control is now given to the families and those in the inner castle under them. Before, we didn’t have anyone strong enough to take the role of the one that was lost, but now we do." Bryce said, looking towards Quinn.

Hearing those words, Quinn wanted to pinch himself.

’Did Bryce really just say that? Was he giving me a compliment?’ A shiver ran down his spine hearing those words and Tempus was now looking his way as if he was trying to judge Quinn based on his appearance. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Tempus had been caught up on the details, but since he hadn’t been awake for long, he had no clue about the current strength of this generation of vampires. So what if Quinn was able to defeat his bloodline, to him that could have meant nothing.

"Now that we have gone through with all the agendas, we may proceed with opening up the council floor for discussion." Bryce stated, and immediately there were a few hands that were raised, but the one who was quickest and most outspoken was Muka.

"Your Majesty, I have been fine with you running things for the time being, and I admit you did well looking into the things with Cindy and resolving this whole mess. However, don’t you think a revote should be cast for the next in line?

"Back then, the Tenth leader never got a vote, with everything that happened with Cindy, for the next candidate shouldn’t we open up the voting once again? And what of the blooding ceremony, what happened to that?" Muka suggested.

Usually, the other leaders would expect Bryce to be angered by these comments, but he seemed to remain calm as he replied.

"I partially agree with your suggestion. Due to what Cindy had done and from what we have learnt, she should have never been made a candidate in the first place. Let’s say then all those that had voted for her are now void. We can even include Jill here, before we found out that the two of them were cooperating.

"If that were to be the case, wouldn’t that mean the outcome would be the same? Unless you and Jin planned to vote for someone else? Allow me to put out another suggestion, say we do have a revote to start over and undo what has already been done. What would the people think? The ceremony has already taken place and I think it would weaken our resolve. Lately, is there another candidate here, at least one you could all agree on? If I’m honest, I think I am still the best candidate here but if anyone doesn’t believe so, or if there is anyone else that would like to rise up to the task please feel free to speak up."

The pressure coming off Bryce as he asked this question was menacing, and that’s when Muka realised. The reason Bryce was so confident was because he had already taken the blood powers away from Cindy.

Knowing Bryce, he already had an answer for all of this, and he was right. If there was a revote even those against Bryce couldn’t all come up with a candidate that they could agree one. Those that supported Bryce seemed like they still did, and those against him had their trust broken from a previous leader.

Muka started to look towards the new Second leader, perhaps an original could win them over. However, Muka had no clue what this man was like, and they could just be digging another hole like they had done with Cindy.

The people wouldn’t like that a Second family member, even if it was an original, were to become King after what had happened. Lastly, Muka looked at Quinn of all people.

’Maybe, maybe after what has happened the others would vote for him?’ This thought quickly left Muka’s mind. Even after what Quinn had done, he hadn’t been with the vampires long. If he ever was elected, Muka was sure the vampires would rise up and try to challenge his position. The one most against the idea was probably Bryce.

’Is that why he is suggesting bringing the Punishers back, so Quinn can’t become a candidate for the position?’

Although Muka didn’t want Bryce to become King, he didn’t want to cause a war either. He just wanted what was best for the people. Also, now that Bryce has the blood book, if it came to a duel it would be a tough fight for anyone to beat him, including Quinn.

Gripping his fist, Muka could only admit defeat.

"You are correct, your majesty, the people also already know you as King and it might be best this way. They need to focus on everything. Speaking of what will happen to the First family, you have mentioned other leaders that have been replaced but not your own family.

"You can’t possibly split your focus on the two things."

"You are correct." Bryce replied. "However, Nicu who I have been nurturing to be the next leader is a little too young at the moment and naive. For now, I will let Kazz take over duties while I try to find a replacement. It is not too much of an urgent matter." Bryce stated.

"While I do think that the Eighth family should be punished, is there really a need for them to be removed from the council? There are still vampires that are loyal to them." Sunny asked.

"Jill is no longer who she was." Bryce answered back immediately. "All the past leaders are dead, including the one that they all originally stemmed from. Honestly at this point, there isn’t much we can do, they would be unable to function as a family that could support the vampire settlement.

"Jill’s ability has always been helpful, which is why she will continue to pass it down, and her family genes shall now be used as one will always assist the King or Queen with their tasks. Now we all should have a better line of communication with each other."

With the initial arguments sorted, Quinn felt like it was now his turn to question Bryce.

"What did you mean by bringing back the Fourteenth castle, what do you want from me Bryce?" Quinn asked in a calm voice, and it didn’t sound like he was asking a question to someone of higher authority, it was more like Quinn was annoyed for putting him in such a situation.

’This boy, who is he to talk to the King like this?’ Tempus thought as he smiled and was enjoying the current show.

"I explained this earlier, you are the strongest Shadow user belonging to the vampire settlement and we believe you have been teaching some of those in your family the Shadow skill. You will have a lot of resources at your disposal. You would have to find a replacement for the Tenth family, but it seems there are quite a lot of strong ones in the Tenth family." Said Bryce.

Thinking about the advantages, Quinn would be delivered a number of vampires to him, allowing him to use the shadow eater skill and improve them, but beyond this, he just felt like a puppet working for Bryce.

"Bryce, I told you back then and I’m telling you now again. I have nothing to do with the vampire settlement and I will be leaving. I came to this meeting hoping to ask you for a few favours but I see that me having saved all of you means nothing." Quinn said, ready to fight back.

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga