Chapter 950 - Taking along

Walking around the Cursed ship, Quinn wondered who would be best to take along with him to the school. It was quite the head scratcher for a few reasons. There were a few positions that needed to be filled up.

Three head generals, taking charge of three military groups, one of them being Quinn himself. These would have the most and at the same time the least responsibility. According to Sam, they were more like a figurehead. Although they genuinely could be used in time of need.

’Paul and Helen would have been good for these types of things, even Sam, but they’re already far too busy.’ Quinn thought. Since Paul was already a head general and Helen was the leader of a large faction.

Thinking about it more, he wondered if bringing Helen was a good idea anyway, but she would have gotten the wrong idea if he did so. Perhaps she would force him to go on that date that he partially agreed to earlier.

’Why did you agree to that date?’ Vincent asked.

’I didn’t agree, I just came up with an excuse. When will I have time to do such things?’ Quinn replied back and continued to think of who else he could bring along.

Other than those positions, as head general, Quinn could really bring along anyone from the Cursed ship he liked and just give them a position of sergeant or even as a student. The main thing was that they shouldn’t currently be too busy or thier task essential to something else, like Sam.

’It would be nice if we could bring everyone back together again.’ Quinn thought, and with this in his mind, Quinn decided to visit one of the few people that he had first met while he was at military school.

This led him to one of the break rooms on the ship. There was plenty of space on the ship, and a lot of rooms were empty. Still, they couldn’t just turn every large empty room into a training room, so they decided to renovate one into a breakroom.

Here there were pool tables, the block block game, as well as a little bar area for ordering drinks and sitting down and talking. What brought him to such a place was because he was here to find Layla, and he could see her sitting along with Eirin, who was covered in sweat.

’Did they just come out of training or something?’

Quinn thought as the two of them saw him and waved him over, it looked like for a second, Erin was about to leave to let the two of them be alone, but Layla quickly tugged on her sleeve, bringing her back down.

"Please stay." She said,

Even though Quinn had heard these words, he chose to ignore them and continued walking.

’Did I do something to annoy her?’ Quinn thought.

But he continued on anyway and thought he would just try to be extra nice if he had done something.

"I know we haven’t gotten much chance to talk, Layla, but I wanted to ask you something," Quinn said, as he continued to explain what Sam’s plan was and what he was planning to do.

"So the reason why I came over to the both of you, was because I was thinking of getting the old group back together. I thought it would be nice, all of us that were once students to return now as teachers." Quinn said, in a happy tone, but realised that the two girls weren’t reciprocating the same feelings back.

"I have bad memories of that place, Quinn. Unlike all of you that carried on to live a joyous life without me." Erin replied. "Besides, I think you should talk to Leo before talking to us. It sounded like he had something planned, and Layla and I were hoping to go along."

Quinn turned to look towards Layla, who could barely make eye contact and just nodded along. Realising that he couldn’t convince the girls, unless he had talked to Leo, he decided that this would be his next destination.

Leo didn’t know much of the crew on the Cursed ship, and he hardly knew the others. At the same time, it didn’t seem like many would talk to him, but Quinn knew where Leo would be. For Quinn had given him access to his personal training room, and ever since it felt like it no longer was his anymore and now was permanently Leo’s.

’I don’t mind anyway. I can always use the shadow lock if I want to get somewhere where no one will disturb me.’

"Quinn, I thought you would come to see me eventually," Leo said, and Quinn went ahead and sat down opposite him.

It reminded Quinn of the first time he had learnt Qi from Leo. Quinn went ahead and briefly explained the situation to Leo, and waited for a reply.

"I see. I think Sam is a great person to have by your side. He is knowledgeable and thinks for not only your best interest but the whole group as well. If you continue to follow his advice, you will achieve what you truly d.e.s.i.r.e, Quinn." Leo said. "But, if your request is for me to come back to being a teacher, I can not. I simply don’t think you need me there. I joined before because I thought it was something I could do to help the future generation. I believe you are now more suited for that position.

"While for me, I have something else I want to achieve."

Quinn thought that this might be the case when Erin and Layla had brought something up.

"Do you plan to try to find the high ranking members of Pure?" Quinn asked. "Layla and Erin said they would be coming with you."

"I haven’t forced Quinn. This is your choice at the end of the day. Honestly, if you give a reason why you think they shouldn’t, or you didn’t even want me to go, then we will comply with your request, but you who believes in freedom, I don’t think would do that."

Leo was right, If it was something they chose to do, as long as they knew the risks, then he would allow them to go, but Quinn just wished he could go with them.

"Leo, I trust you to look after them, but this time I want to be there as well. Pure is a dangerous group. They have a lot of strong people, I’m sure you know. Before you take any action, I want you to report back to me, and I will come and help. While you’re on your search, I also want you to bring one of the shadow users with you. That way I can come to you at any time.

"I don’t want to go on another rescue mission for you guys. We have been on far too many of those already." Quinn said, thinking about everything that happened.

"Well, neither do we. I assure you. We will inform you as soon as there is any problem at all. With your shadow powers, as long as there is one that can be used at the school, the Cursed ship, and with us, you will be able to go to all three positions at once, so don’t worry about that."

Leaving the conversation there, it was just more people that Quinn couldn’t take along with him to the school. He started to think about Logan as well, but his use was far more suited on the ship as well, same with Alex.

After racking his brain long and hard, Quinn finally decided who would be coming with him back to school.

"These guys!" Sam said, shaking his head slightly and placing his hand on his forehead. "Are you sure, Quinn?"

"I don’t see what is wrong with them?" Quinn replied. "Besides, it’s the best choice I have. I’m sure these are the ones I want to take with me." Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga