Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 952 - Pure's secret weapon

In an open land where the floor was an iron red, structures that had been built were seemingly destroyed all over the place. Nothing left but rubble. However, a single one stood tall and strong out of them all. A tower larger than anything in the entire area. The tower itself had exactly a hundred floors and down below at the very bottom of the tower, the sound of fighting, and more could be heard.

Yet at the very top, on top of the tower itself looking down at everything around them, two men were sitting down.

"They sure like to fight, don’t they?" Arthur said.

"Of course, it’s in their nature you can’t stop it, you should know that by now. I’m more interested in you though. Are you sure about your decision? You’ve spent enough time thinking about it, and I don’t want you to regret your actions like you did before." The man by his side said.

Gripping his fist, the sword on Arthur’s back started to vibrate.

"I’m sure." Arthur replied. "Do you think everything will go well on your end?"

"It depends, it seems like the humans have built this new school. They’ve gotten their forces together but honestly fighting together or apart they’re no match for the Dalki. I’m sure you know that as well. My only concern is what he will do. He has been planning his move for hundreds of years, which is why I think your plan is best."

Hearing this, Arthur grabbed his sword on his back, and he was debating whether to go down to where all the fighting was happening below, or even enter the tower himself. He just wanted to get out all the frustration that was felt in his body.

"Remember, if you find him I want you to keep him alive. I have a lot of things I want to ask him."

"Of course, a deal is a deal, you have my word."

———

Somewhere in the deep, dark blue sea, was a state of the art submarine. Inside it, were the agents of Pure. The members were a little hectic and nervous today as the leaders had told them to be on their best behaviour and at the same time, had asked them to prepare for something.

Inside the submarine itself, they had a large dome room that acted as an arena. Stands for crowds of people to sit and watch what would happen down below. However, even the arena grounds had another glass dome. Created to protect the onlookers from above.

On the arena floor, inside the glass dome, stood a man with wild red hair. His shirt had been taken off and tied around his waist, showing his ripped body full of scars.

"Come on, hurry up and get this place ready! If they arrive and this place is not ready, who knows what they’ll do to you. I’ll be fine but you guys...I wouldn’t want to be you in that situation." Chris shouted.

There were many members who were clearing the grounds, as it looked like a battle had just taken place. They were smoothing at the floor, filling in the cracks. It was a lot harder work since there weren’t many ability users in Pure, so everything had to be done manually.

Finally, in the stands at the far end, the door slid open and five people could be seen entering the room. Unlike Chris who didn’t like wearing his large white overcoat much, these members of Pure almost never walked around the base without them on. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The first two at front, one a female with a straight fringe that just reached her eyebrows, the fringe of her black hair followed all around and looked almost like a bowl had been placed on top of her head and the hair had been cut around it. On her overcoat the number three could be displayed largely on her back and the numbers on both of her shoulders.

The man next to her, wore a similar overcoat. Only that displayed the number two on it. His distinctive features were the pitch black sunglasses he would wear. As Chris looked at him, he was wondering if he ever saw Agent 2 without the sunglasses.

’Hey, maybe he’s blind.’ Chris thought.

Finally entering the room, everyone who was busy preparing the arena, immediately bowed down showing respect, while Chris just gave the man a wave. For this, was Agent 0, the leader of Pure.

Agent 0’s hair was wholly white and it seemed it was naturally this colour from old age, but it was hard to tell how old he was due to their being hardly having any wrinkles on his forehead or eyes, but when one first would meet him, there was something noticeable about him that usually one wouldn’t be able to keep their eyes off of.

It was the four lines scared on the top of his forehead, going straight down as if a chart or a counter of some kind. They looked almost intentional, but no one dared to ask Agent 0 what the lines were for.

Standing by his side, was someone Chris didn’t recognize, but there was one more behind them, who was Agent 4. All of the single digit agents, the founders of Pure had gathered in this room, all because of the stranger Agent 0 had brought with him today.

’It’s a shame that Lucy isn’t here as well.’ Chris thought, as Lucy was also one of the founders of Pure.

Looking around, the arena was ready and it was time for them to put on a show.

Chris went ahead, and joined the others up in the stand. Agent 0, along with the stranger they had invited was sitting down while the rest remained standing. Coming over, Chris decided to just sit down next to Agent 0, and took a peek at the stranger.

’We went through all the trouble because of this guy, why is he so special?’ Chris wondered, and he couldn’t help, but try to sense the man’s aura.

"Don’t," Agent 0 said. "It’s very rude of you to do such a thing, and he is our guest. Let’s just get on with the demonstration."

Chris agreed with Agent 0, and decided to not try and see the man’s aura. He just thought if someone was so important, then Chris would have known who this man was based on their appearance, but he had never seen him before and had no clue who he was.

On the arena floor, two people stood opposite each other. Members of Pure, one ranked number eight, while the other, number nine. They were quite the high ranking agents within pure, and they knew all three stages of Qi as well.

A fight between the two had begun and they started to display all the different uses of Qi while fighting each other.

"Qi, the energy known as life force, it differs from person to person." Agent 0 started to explain while the fighting continued. "Throughout all my life I have studied this life force, and figured out it controls more than we think.

"During my time, we figured out that there are three stages of Qi that you are witnessing today, but the reason why I have invited you is to show a new stage of Qi. Something we call the fourth stage of Qi. A breakthrough if I do say so myself.

"We came to know that soul weapons are manifested in the body at a certain age, and their power and form is greatly dependent on the ability one will have, but members of Pure don’t have an ability, so does that mean we are unable to produce a soul weapon? For years we thought that to be the case, until we finally made a breakthrough, and this is what we call the fourth stage of Qi." Agent 0 finished explaining. And at that moment Chris raised his hand giving the two agents inside the signal.

A huge force could be felt, and everyone there couldn’t keep their eyes off what they were witnessing. The whole room felt like it was shaking as the two powers collided, and finally, it had stopped.

Agent 0 looked towards his guest to see his reaction but even after witnessing something so great it remained the same.

"The good thing about the fourth stage of Qi is that it is not needed to know the third stage, which is arguably the most difficult and not every person can learn. The stage of Qi you just witnessed any members of Pure can accomplish. So, what do you think?"

The guest didn’t give an answer straight away, and he looked down at the two humans below. He then closed his eyes and started to imagine. A few seconds later he finally spoke.

"Do you think this is enough to defeat the Dalki? They are far stronger than any of you can imagine." The guest asked.

Agent 0 started to chuckle.

"I brought you here and showed you one of our greatest secrets, hoping you would come over to our side and help us. I have shown you a few things already that show you our power. If you won’t support us, then who will you support? The military, the Graylash family. You know none of them are strong enough to take on the Dalki."

Standing up, the guest looked uninterested. He then started to walk towards the exit, and no one tried to stop him.

"Richard!" Agent 0 shouted. "Tell me, what are you thinking?"

"Right now, I need to decide who has the best chance of defeating the Dalki, and will support them. There is an interesting group I have been keeping an eye on for a while. Perhaps I should pay them a visit. Before I make my decision." Richard Eno said.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga