Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 954 - The Head generals

Going through border control to get onto the island where the new base was located, was quite the headache in itself. However, while Quinn was away, special clearance badges had been sent to those in the Cursed faction. For Quinn, he had received two of these special passes.

One being a special platinum colour, this one was to be used for Quinn only, and was meant to be kept on him at all times. Although, one would think they would know what the world leaders of the world looked like. However, it was all for security in the end. It was common for those in high positions to either alter their appearance for certain reasons or many would attempt to imitate them.

What Quinn, Peter and Helen had also obtained was a gold pass that was given to Head Generals. What was unique about these passes were they were imprinted with the users DNA. Only when being touched by the owner would a small little symbol light up in the centre of the card to prove one was the owner and the card was meant for them.

The reason why the cards had to have such measures was due to the level of clearance and access they gave. Not only could they be used at this military base, but all the ones scattered on earth as well as on the shelters on other planets.

This was a way the military was claiming that they were more open compared to before, hoping that everyone could share information with each other. Now when attempting to connect to the server, they could use the special passes to access the server. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Not that this mattered much anyway, because the whole system had been created by the Green family in the first place, whatever information the Cursed family needed could be gathered by Logan, but of course the Cursed faction would keep this on the down-low.

As soon as showing the passes to those at the border, their treatment had changed immediately, and the guards on duty gave their ship a certain odd look before letting them pass and go on ahead.

"What was that about?" Peter asked. He was pretty annoyed that it had taken so long until they had shown the passes. As the ship continued onward towards the school. Now that they were in the city, the spaceship had transformed itself to a land vehicle and was being escorted between two larger vehicles towards the school.

"I think it’s because of our ship." Said Sam.

"Haven’t you noticed?" Helen said it, like it was obvious. "Now that all three families are truly cooperating with each other. It’s time for influential families, and those with close ties to the top to show off what they have. All the other spacesh.i.p.s are top tier. Basically, everyone is using this as a chance to show their wealth and power that they have."

Peter was wondering why they had chosen this ship, when they had so many nicer ones on board the Cursed ship, but he assumed that it really didn’t matter. Who cared what spaceship one took, as long as it got you to place A to place B in a safe manner, what did it matter.

To him, it just sounded like a bunch of people who wanted to show off their connections and power.

"Should have shown them your platinum card, I bet then they would have all bowed down to you and had a big fuss." Peter replied.

"It’s fine, I’m still not used to all this leader stuff anyway." Quinn replied.

The school was seen up ahead, and as they got closer, the sheer size of it just seemed to get larger and larger. However, it made sense, since this was a place that was meant to harbour all the students from every facility, for training. They would even be living here for a short while.

However, it was clear they were caring about the students because the school itself looked to have more resources spent on it, than the rest of the place.

"You can thank Logan for that." Sam said, noting how much in awe Quinn was.

"What do you mean?" Quinn asked.

"The money and funding had to come from somewhere. Logan made a lot of money betting on you winning that fight that day, and a short while after he managed to recover the rest of the Green funds. He had more money than he could handle.

"This project has been in the works for a while, and Logan requested it would be put towards the students." Sam explained.

"More money than he can handle that’s nice. Well, he has always sorted out the Cursed faction funding problems as well. Just how much money does that guy have?" Quinn thought, but quickly remembered that nearly every system they used today, not just games, had been created by the Green family.

And apparently they had some tie in with the Dalki as well.

Soon, the guards opened up a teleporter, and asked for all of them to step through.

"I guess this is my goodbye for now." Sam said. "We have the masks so you can communicate with us anytime you want. It would be best to talk to Oscar about setting up a teleporter in the school that only you can access. That way you can come back to the Cursed ship as soon as possible, and we can come here as well if there is any trouble."

With that, everyone gave Sam a wave goodbye, and Quinn now realised that everything from here on out would be up to him.

’At least you have had a lot of practice with the vampire council, all of this should be a walk in the park for you.’ Vincent said, but it wasn’t helping Quinn feel any better.

Each of them walked through the teleporter and they soon found themselves looking at a large desk in a room. Sitting behind the desk was the Supreme Commander Oscar. Behind him were several large glass pane windows. Through them one could see the whole school campus from above.

’These leaders sure like their views, I guess it makes them have a sense that they are in control of everything.’ Quinn thought.

"Quinn, you finally made it." Oscar said with a cheery smile. It was strange to have someone happy to see him even though they barely knew him.

However, Oscar’s personality towards Quinn was different compared to last time, and the reason was simple. Oscar knew that whatever Quinn did, whoever he had summoned that day, it was because of him that their lives were saved.

He owed Quinn and he would never forget that.

"I heard you had a lot going on, so I didn’t get to see you or thank you, as you can see I have been busy here myself. I have to say I never expected you to become a teacher yourself." Oscar said.

"Neither did I, but I think this is important. This was where my life was changed, and I’m sure it will be true for many others as well." Quinn answered back.

"Don’t be so uptight, there is no threat here, you can relax especially when you’re speaking to me. You can leave the formal stuff for later.

"I see you brought a few others along with you. Sam has made the request and my personal assistant will deal with them. For now the Head Generals and Sergeants are all waiting in the meeting room down below. Why don’t we all go and introduce ourselves? Don’t worry, you’re not the only new ones that have arrived. The whole military has had a lot of restructuring." Oscar said.

The head generals, Quinn hadn’t seen many of them before, only once or twice during the inter-base tournament. He remembered that their school was considered one of the weakest of the bunch, and no one expected them to get far, but due to Quinn and Logan, their school had received a higher position than expected when the results came out.

’The head generals were quite strong. Even Paul, before he was turned, had gone toe to toe with Leo as a vampire. In fact, it was more like Leo was losing, until we had captured most of his men and he had surrendered.

"I wonder what these head generals will be like.’ Quinn thought.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga