Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 955 - Getting rid of sc.u.m (Part 1)

Sil, Chucky and Fex were carted away by some of the staff. They would be briefed on their lesson plan and schedule and everything they needed to cover for the semester as students and teachers.

The meeting that Quinn, Peter and Helen were to attend was one between the higher up staff of the group. Of course, Sam could have requested at least Fex to be a higher staff member but had completely forgotten. Not that it mattered much anyway. As a teacher, he would have plenty of freedom to see Quinn whenever he wished, just not to be in on the big meetings between others.

As soon as Quinn arrived, Oscar was escorting Quinn and his group personally down to the banquet hall where the other higher military staff were waiting. The reason Oscar was waiting for Quinn was because in reality, these two carried the same rank. Of course he would be treating Quinn better compared to the rest of the Head Generals and he would have done the same if Owen had arrived as well.

The automatic doors slid open, and the sound of groups of people talking was seen, and the first thing that had caught Quinn’s eye was a giant chandelier. Everyone was eating food, while having gathered in groups. That’s when Quinn also noticed he and the others were the only ones in their military uniforms from the Cursed ship, while everyone else was dressed quite formally.

"This looks like a party for rich snobs," Peter commented, and he wasn’t shy about hiding his opinion either.

"Think of it as a more formal gathering. Not everyone in this room is from the military. We have sponsors from big families as well as merchants and more." Oscar said.

Quinn would often forget about this, that there were two forms of power, money and strength. Although usually having strength or a strong ability, money would naturally come with it. However, there were a few individuals that made use of their ability and were able to create products for everyday use in the current world.

The Green family was a good example of that, and there were a few families like the Green family that were protected by the military.

As soon as everyone noticed Oscar in the room, they stopped chatting and bowed down to him as a sign of respect.

"Don’t mind me, please continue on. This might be the only time we get to relax before the semester starts tomorrow." Oscar said.

Everyone smiled and continued on with their talking.

"Alright, you three, first I’m going to introduce you to your co-workers. The three of you are in charge of military groups, as we call them, which were based on the old military bases of the past. Quinn, you are in charge of the second group, Peter, you will be in charge of the fourth, and Helen the sixth. To help you, you will all be assigned, six sergeants. Three of them will be in charge of the non-students, while the other three will help you with the students."

After the short explanation, Oscar walked over to a certain group who were talking with each other, dining on the small pieces of food. There were three of them in total, and as soon as one of them turned around to look at who was coming towards them, Quinn’s heart started to beat louder.

"I would like to introduce you to the Head Generals that have come from the Cursed faction," Oscar said with his hand held out, presenting them. "These three are sergeants of the second group."

Although Oscar didn’t need to say that, Quinn already knew who they were, for at one point, they were teachers that had worked in his school from the past. There was Fay, the sergeant from before who had the ability of superspeed. Hayley, the school doctor who was actually Paul’s daughter and finally, Nathan. Who used to be one of the generals of the second military base.

’I guess the reformation was to make the ranking a bit clearer and easier, and because of the introduction of the Cursed faction and the Graylash family, technically Nathan has got a demotion.’ Quinn thought.

The first thing they did was give a salute to show their respect to their Head Generals, but then their eyes all turned to Helen.

"I had heard of your feats before you became part of the Cursed family. Your power is nothing to laugh at." Fay said, shaking her hand. "It would be an honour to work under someone like yourself."

"It’s unfortunate you lost the duel, I assume that Shadow power is an unpredictable power, so it would have been hard for anyone to beat it," Hayley said. Having witnessed the event first hand.

"Hey, calm down, you two. It almost sounds like you don’t like the Cursed faction. Remember Quinn was a student from our school, and now he has become a world leader. It still seems so unbelievable. We should be proud, though." Nathan added.

What they didn’t realise was that Quinn was right in front of them all. His nerves started to settle down a little after he realised that Sam was right. None of his old teachers had recognised him at all.

It also seems they had all witnessed the duel and had been fans of the Daisy faction, which was expected since some would even consider them the fifth strongest faction after the big four.

The Cursed faction winning that duel was an upset.

"Hey, you idiots! Don’t you realise -" Peter was about to explode on them, but Quinn soon stopped him, pulling him off to the side.

"Oh, that’s right, it’s Peter isn’t it? You and Quinn were always close to each other." Fay said. "Don’t get it wrong, we weren’t badmouthing him. It’s just really unbelievable what happened. It was so sudden it doesn’t feel real. While Helen had been running Daisy for years to get up to its position. It’s natural that there will be more people in awestruck meeting her than if they were to meet him." Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

No matter how hard the sergeants of the past tried, they just couldn’t get the student image of both Peter and Quinn out of their heads. Even though they both now had higher ranks than themselves.

"This is Hardy," Oscar said, giving Quinn a little nudge. "He will be the Head General you will be following from now on. He is also planning to teach some lessons. As you three are part of the student department, I imagine you will be seeing each other a lot. Do your best to get along.

"Once you guys are done introducing yourself, come meet me again. By then, I’ll have all the other Head Generals together." Oscar said, leaving them be.

Once they had learnt who would be their Head general, it was hard for the three of them to hide their disappointment. Each military group wanted to accomplish great things. With the students and with the whole group, they found it hard to imagine they could do so with Hardy.

The conversation between them and the other sergeants continued. Although they were respectful, most of their attention was focused on Helen. It was words of praise for her past accomplishments and, at the same time, almost apologising for the fact that they had to work for the Cursed faction.

’Is our reputation really that bad, or is it just because of how quick we have risen? People think we still need to prove ourselves.’ Quinn thought.

If this really was the case, then there wouldn’t be many students who would choose to come to the Cursed faction once they had ended their military studies. However, they would get those that wouldn’t be fit, or good enough for the other teams, and this thought in itself pleased Quinn a bit.

Finally, Oscar had gathered the other Head Generals and had come to get Quinn and the others. He had brought them together in a large circle, and it was quite obvious who was from what family just based on what they were wearing.

All those from the Graylash family wore their white robes they wore all the time, and one of them, who Quinn recognised, was Hector. One of Owen’s assistants was in charge of looking after the Crow’s faction. Quinn didn’t know the other two but thought they had to have been strong to have been given the position they were in.

As for the other three Head Generals that belonged to the military, they would have had to have been the best of the best. Since the other head generals had been demoted to make room for the Cursed faction and Graylash family.

Each of them was dressed in formal clothing rather than military clothing, which was suited to their own taste. As soon as Quinn and the others joined, the three from the military had looked the Cursed faction up and down and almost rolled their eyes back.

The arrogance and air around them reminded Quinn a lot of Duke, and the vampire leaders, as if they were above others. A problem that seemed to be persistent with those higher up in the military.

’It looks like some people don’t like us being here." Quinn thought.

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga