Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 993 - Three classes

All of the school buildings surrounded the large green field that was placed in the centre. It was where the students had their opening ceremony and also where they had met their head generals for the first time. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Last time, a makeshift stage was built. Even in the past things like this were constructed quickly but with ability users even more so. Today when the students woke up, and looked out of their window, they could see a large almost coliseum looking stadium.

It certainly wasn’t there just the day before, but the students knew why it was there today. Because the beast weapons class, would be having an event to display to all the others. All students were told to attend, it was compulsory even though there were some that weren’t particularly interested in the event.

Such as those in the elemental class who rarely used beast weapons, still it would be quite the spectacle to watch, and events were always entertaining.

Early morning and the seats in the stadium were starting to be quickly filled. Each section was filled with certain classes and their homeroom teachers would be there to lead them. Not everyone who was in Hardy’s homeroom class was part of the beast weapons class and they were being led by Hayley today instead.

As for the teachers who didn’t have a homeroom class or were in a higher position, they were told to enter at a later time, and wouldn’t be sitting in the stadium seats, but instead would be in a special area right on the ground floor of the arena.

Here, they could see all the battles up close and personal, behind strong reinforced glass. This glass screen and area went around the entire stadium letting one view from any angle they wished.

"Hey, there are a lot of people here today. I kept my eye on some of the teachers that work at this school but some of them I’ve never seen before." Fex said, who was currently in the special glass area hoping to mingle with others, but he ended up walking with Peter and Helen as usual.

"That’s because not all teachers are there. They have invited some of the higher military personnel that aren’t part of the school, and it looks like some small faction leaders as well." Helen explained.

"Who cares about them? We are just here to watch Quinn’s class perform." Peter said.

"Hey, aren’t you meant to be in the stadium with your homeroom class, since you’re a teacher’s assistant?" Fex asked.

Peter shrugged his shoulders.

"The teacher never asked for my help, so I guess I’m not needed."

For a brief moment, Fex felt sorry for Peter’s students.

Not too far from where they were, there were also the head generals of the Earthborn group, Samantha, Innu and Sach.

"Any ideas as to when you plan to do something to that General Hardy?" Innu asked, still feeling anger in his body every time he was reminded of the humiliation he had received in front of all the others.

"Patience." Sach said. "We can’t just go after him, remember all of us are meant to be working together and that wouldn’t exactly promote unity. If I see the opportunity I will make sure to take it."

Hearing all of this, Samantha wasn’t exactly pleased that the other two were still planning something. Of course, what happened to them was humiliating and embarrassing. Maybe she was only okay with Hardy because she hadn’t been humiliated.

And she was starting to think with everything Hardy had been able to do so far, she was afraid he would be strong as well.

Currently, inside the arena, now that all the students and guests had arrived, Oscar was giving a speech about what would be happening today. While also generally surveying his audience, to see how the students were doing.

"Some of you may not realise the importance of beast weapons, but today I hope this will change your mind. After all, remember," Oscar said as he pulled out the Demon tier ice sword from his back. "It was because of these beast weapons we are able to match the Dalki in strength."

The students were amazed as they saw Oscar bring out his Demon tier weapon. It was as if they were looking at a grand treasure. Although some students didn’t care much for beast weapons, a Demon tier beast weapon was something that everyone could respect, because it even increased Oscar’s strength greatly even though he was an elemental user.

"Now, let me introduce you to the three teachers of the beast weapons classes!" Oscar shouted.

The first one to walk out onto the arena floor was Aden and behind him was his class of beast weapon users. They had literally come out from the arena floor, as a hole in the ground was seen, and slowly rising to the top was him and his students.

When they arrived, they decided to put on a little show. With several sword users, spinning their bodies in synchronization. Ability users casting their powers above displaying a vast amount of different colours, and even more with students using their weapons together.

It was quite the show and when they were done, the students watching all clapped in appreciation of the display.

"Next, we have the teacher of the Graylash house, Aysel!" Oscar announced, and through the floor once more a female teacher who wore fishnet stockings and had her hair cut short, came up on the stage with her students.

"How come the Graylash family are even teaching beast class lessons?" Fex questioned.

"Remember, these are just houses so it’s not like all the students in the Graylash house are a part of the Graylash family." Helen explained. "Also the Graylash family is large, just like the Cursed faction. Over time they had absorbed strong factions to work under them, just like the Cursed have the Daisy faction.

"So, of course, they would have weapon users under them."

The Graylash house didn’t put on a show like the others, but instead they were all lined up perfectly, not moving out of position. Although the students practiced this as part of the military from time to time, the others could tell something was up.

It was almost as if the students we’re afraid to act, thinking something might happen to them.

"Lastly, coming onto the stage, is the class led by the head general of the Cursed house. Hardy!"

Lasty, Quinn and his student were raised up, but unlike the other two houses, his students seemed more normal. They didn’t have a fancy show, and just were nervous looking at everyone watching them from the stage.

The three refs from each house walked forward. On Quinn’s side there was Sergeant Fay, who had the speed ability, and two others from the houses Quinn had never seen before.

Soon after, Quinn was to leave the area, and he would take all the other students to the class viewing area with the other teachers, while those that were participating were to remain on stage.

"Good luck guys, remember everything everyone taught you, they will be watching." Quinn said walking away.

Out of the five students Quinn had picked, they consisted of Venus, Swin, Kim, and the student who he had first taught how to activate his beast weapon named Ru. The last person who had also been selected was Shiro.

The five students walked towards the centre and all fifteen students could now see each other eye to eye.

"Now, each of you will have a number displayed on your watch." Oscar explained, Shiro looked at it for a second and could see the number five.

"When you are not fighting, you are to wait with your teacher in the viewing area. When your number is called, a countdown will begin. All those students with the same number will enter the arena, and the duel will begin immediately. So remember your number well." Oscar said.

As Shiro was about to walk away, he could see Zhen, showing his watch across to him proudly, displaying the number five.

’It looked like fate wanted the two of us to fight again.’ Shiro thought. ’This time, I won’t lose.’

******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga