Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 999 - Hypocrite

There was a brief moment when Quinn returned to his students, where he could celebrate the victory with them. Walking through the glass door, unlike the others who were stunned and didn’t know what to say, his beast class immediately gave him a cheer seeing their teacher.

"Hardy, you were always so coy about your strength, why didn’t you tell us how strong you were?"

"Yeah, you just went on with that lame speech at the opening ceremony. You could have just kicked a rock and smashed it to pieces or something."

"So what’s your ability, or is that all to do with beast gear?"

For the military, these students had an odd relationship with their teacher. They felt like they could freely speak to him, cheer him on and ask personal questions without getting in trouble. If this was another head general, or a person with high power, none of them would have openly spoken to him like so; but Quinn made their relationship like this.

"Everyone, remember what I said, if there are any problems, you can always talk to me or any of the Cursed house generals about it." Said Quinn. "I hope you all realise that the Cursed faction is a great place to be, and if you want to join it after your training. I will happily accept you all with open arms."

Saying these words, Quinn thought that Sam would be proud of him. It was the perfect opportunity while everyone was caught up in the moment, to advertise the Cursed faction to them and it seemed to work, as the response was great. The kids shouted ’Of course!’ and ’I want to see Wevil again.’

It wasn’t just his efforts that made these kids want to join the Cursed faction, but those of the Cursed family as well.

"The event is over, and it has been a long and tiring day, so all of you get some rest." Quinn said.

Returning to the dorms, the students couldn’t stop talking about three fights in particular. Swin who skilfully took on two people at once. Shiro’s fight, a person who had no ability beating Zhen, but at the same time people thought he had lost, and finally Head General Hardy, whose identity was still a mystery to all.

However, with good rumors, soon bad ones spread about him as well.

"If he was so strong and had that much power, where was he during the Dalki war?"

"I think it might have something to do with his ability, perhaps he learnt of it only after the war."

"Then what about the Civil war? He could have stopped or saved a lot of people’s lives then."

"Remember he is part of the Cursed faction, and their leader doesn’t exactly do the best of things. Do you remember the beasts he would unleash upon shelters and force the people to join his group?"

Despite all the negative rumors going around, there were those students whose minds couldn’t be changed, because they knew the Cursed faction first hand. Quinn’s homeroom class and also those who took Quinn’s beast class.

Later that day, as the sun was starting to set and the black sky would soon be upon them. Quinn had received a call to head to a certain place.

’I was expecting this to happen, but so quickly?’ Quinn thought, as he headed over to the main centrepiece building and headed to the top floor.

Entering the room, Quinn was in the large office and could see a female with a green outfit and glasses on her head. Wherever she would be in the school, Oscar would be next to her.

"Quinn, you put on quite the show, I was honestly surprised you accepted at first and I thought you were going to reveal your identity to everyone there." Oscar said.

"Of course I could have declined, but I think you know what you were doing by asking me to fight." Quinn replied with a smile back.

The atmosphere between the two was quite light, even if Oscar was scheming or trying to get Quinn to do things, it just didn’t seem out of ill intent which was why it never made Quinn angry like it would do with other things.

"You’ve grown stronger Quinn, stronger than the last time I saw you. To be able to beat a head general with no beast gear on and pure strength. Then to have one of your students, who had no ability, able to beat one of our best students. I know all the equipment was basic tier and they shouldn’t have that much effect.

"Quinn, I’m not forcing you to tell me what you did, what it is or how you did it. These are your secrets to keep. Just like how originals hide their abilities and don’t share it with the rest of the world. I’m not going to force you, not that I could anyway." Oscar jokingly chuckled.

"However, I will say this. Our scouting teams have monitored that the Dalki are starting to make unusual movements, now this could just be a false alarm like the times before it, but I have a feeling this time it isn’t. We are running out of time. If war breaks out, these students will have no choice but to fight. Don’t you think they all deserve an equal chance to live?" Oscar said.

Quinn expected something like this to happen, the good news was Oscar wasn’t trying to force him, but in a way he was emotionally blackmailing him.

"Did the military care about everyone when there were those who were weak and useless in our fight against the Dalki? Why is caring about everyone such a big concern now? I’m not saying I won’t do what you say." Quinn said as he turned around and walked out the door. "But Oscar, even you are being a hypocrite."

When Quinn left the room, Oscar let out a big sigh.

"Well that meeting went better than I thought, what do you think Jane?" Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Pushing up her glasses, Jane answered.

"Of course, there is some truth to his words, but people’s views change based on the situation, and circ.u.mstances. When the war broke out, there was no time to focus on the weaker ones, and soon after the war, the system naturally fell into place. I don’t believe this is what you’re doing.

"To control the whole human race as a single person is an impossible task, I think even as he rises he is learning of the struggle. Not everyone thinks the same way, and one person’s definition of right, is not the same as another." Jane answered.

While Quinn was enjoying his life as a teacher, there were others in the Cursed faction that were not quite in the same boat. On planet Tryneve; currently Leo, Erin, Layla and Nate were walking through a busy street filled with people.

It was one of the more modern planets that they visited. Well developed with skyscr.a.p.er buildings, and spacesh.i.p.s flying in and out of the planet, could be seen in the air above them. Even the ground they were walking on was made out of metal, while the sides were covered with greenery that was clearly put there just to give the place some colour.

Planet Tryneve was a trading planet, the most popular trading planet due to its location. It was a planet that wasn’t owned by the military or one of the big four powers of the past. This was due to the many rich corporations that would choose to make their base of operations there.

Each of them had hired their own mercenary group to protect their companies. Making it well guarded. At the same time, due to its location being in the middle of all the beast planets, the place was also used by all factions. So it was in their interest to not cause any trouble.

"Pure has to do trade just like everyone else, so they have quite the base of operations here." Layla explained. "I wouldn’t be surprised if they take a cut, or are even protecting some of the big merchants in exchange for things, but here is where we might be able to find out the most information. After all, whatever they get here, they have to send it back to the base somehow."

"They are here." Leo said. "I can sense strong Qi users all around us."

*******

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga