Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1000 - Familiar name

Those from the Cursed faction had been roaming the trading planet for a while now. The three young ones, Erin, Nate and Layla, were treating it as a nice little break. It was good to not worry about things and just enjoy looking at the shops and everything else the street was filled with.

After all, Quinn had stated that if they found out anything, they should contact him first before acting, which is why they weren’t so uptight and worried.

Layla, who had learnt a lot about the planet when she was at Pure, explained to them what she knew and why Pure had even chosen to establish such a place. The atmosphere was still relatively light until Leo had mentioned that he could sense Qi users in the area.

Ever since learning the second stage of Qi, and now after figuring out the third stage, while using his ability, he could sense others around him to a finer degree and from a greater distance.

"Qi users, doesn’t that mean that they are in the higher rankings of Pure?" Erin asked. "How many of them are there?"

"At the moment, I can sense two people, and they are about to head into that grand hall over there," Leo explained.

The four of them were standing on a busy shopping street, and at the very end of the street was a large building. A hall that many people were entering and leaving, but those that were entering seemed to be dressed somewhat differently compared to the rest of the public.

"The auction house?" Layla said, wondering what members of Pure would be doing heading into there.

"Doesn’t it make sense? It might not be their base, but maybe they want to buy some expensive beast crystals or something else." Nate commented. "And we don’t really know if they are high ranking users in Pure. Don’t you remember they said that they would eventually be teaching all their members Qi?"

"What you say is correct, but I assure you, these aren’t weak members of Pure. Not unless they have managed to learn this Level of Qi quickly." Leo said, noting that it wasn’t impossible as one student of his had learnt it at an extremely fast rate.

"Wait!" Nate called out. "What are you guys doing? Don’t you remember what Quinn said about how we should notify him if something happens?"

Layla and Erin both looked at Leo for answers as they had decided to just follow his decisions while they were with him.

"I promise I will notify him if the matter turns into a big one, but these two won’t be any trouble," Leo said as they continued to walk forward and try to enter the auction house.

At first, the four of them were stopped just outside the entrance by two guards. All of their weapons and armour were being kept in Nate’s shadow space as to not make them suspicious and seem like they went a threat. Still, the reason they were stopped at the gate wasn’t for a reason like that. Instead, it was because they didn’t exactly recognise them as their kind of clientele based on what they were wearing.

"Not just anybody can come into the auction house. The public can get an advanced booking if needed." The guard said, who was wearing decent beast gear on his body but no weapon, making them appear to be elemental users.

"Don’t worry," Leo replied. "We are here from the Cursed faction, hoping to buy a few things."

The two guards looked at each other and were unsure about what to do. The Cursed faction was one of the great powers. However, people tried to claim they were from all sorts of groups just to get in. The problem was the Cursed faction was relatively new, and no one knew of their identities well. Especially of the higher-ranking members.

Knowing this, the guards would ask them to come back at another time, when they had proof or at least could confirm their identity. However, just as they were about to speak, they had received a message.

"Let them in." A voice spoke into their ears. A second after, they had no trouble and were let in.

"Maybe we should have put ours on as well," Nate commented, and when he turned to look at the others, he could see they all already had their masks on, and he was the only one who hadn’t put on his yet.

"What the hell? You guys don’t tell me anything!" Nate complained.

The group was on a higher level, looking down at the stage. They were in the standing area since all of the seats had already been filled, but the good news was that the Qi users who they assumed were from Pure, were also standing.

The auction had begun with an announcer coming onto the stage, and items were called out one by one. Beast crystals and beast weapons were the most common items being bidded on, and they were of quite a high level as well.

The next set of popular items were ability books and skill books. Seeing all of this and how much money was being thrown around, the young kids felt it was quite a sad sight to see.

Books that should be available to everyone and anyone were being hoarded and not shared by these rich people. Once obtaining one of these books, they could make as many copies as they wished, or none causing the price to rise or keeping the power.

"So much money is being spent here. There are too many zeros that I don’t even know what number that is." Nate said, looking at the screen above that would show the number as the bidding increased.

"Whoever owns this place must be getting quite the profit then," Erin said.

The two men from Pure didn’t bid on a single thing, and it looked like they were communicating with someone on the other end as each item came up. However, whatever they were looking for never did appear, and when the auction ended, the two men left as well.

"So, what’s the plan?" Nate asked. ’We can’t just keep following them like this. This is getting us nowhere." He complained. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Still, they continued to follow the two men and moved closer and closer as they tailed them. Which was just making Nate more nervous that they would be found out. He couldn’t understand what Leo was planning on doing.

In the end, the men left the main busy district and started to head out to the more quiet areas. Finally, they could be seen walking into a jungle area that took them away from the city,

’This is it. This must be a pure hideout. It makes sense for it to be all the way here.’ Nate thought.

When the group followed them into the jungle, they could see the two men had turned around and held weapons in their hands. One with two scimitars, while the other and a large silver chain in his hand.

"Why are you guys following us? Do you know who we are?" One of them said.

"You thought we didn’t know? That’s why we brought you out here."

"I knew we would get found out, we were following right behind them for so long, and we didn’t even try to not make it look obvious!" Nate complained. "What kind of plan was this?"

"What are you talking about?" Erin looked at Nate. "This is the plan all along. Out of their own will, they have taken us to a quiet place, where we can ask all the questions we want. "

"Of course, we know who you are," Leo answered. "Otherwise, why would we be following you? Now I’m just going to ask you some questions." Leo said, and for the first time, his eyes were glowing red.

The men took a step back as Leo’s eyes looked devilish, being mostly white with a circle red ring glowing around it.

Just as it looked like the two groups were about to clash, the sound of clapping could be heard off in the distance.

"Excellent, I see you certainly do have a certain style. However, while you guys were concentrating on following them, it seems like you didn’t realise that you were being followed." A voice said.

The direction of where it was coming from was hard to tell, and Leo hearing this, decided to expand the range of his ability. Even he couldn’t; sense the person, but when he did, he could see who it was, and it confused him even more.

’What are they doing here?’

The next second before the men could react, both of their heavy bodies fell to the ground, and now standing in front of them was a strange man in a butler suit.

’Did he just knock those two people out, but they were high ranking members of Pure?’ Layla thought, trying to figure out who this person was.

Erin’s eyes started to glow yellow as she looked at the man, and Nate had an odd sense of familiarity like he had seen him somewhere before, but that wasn’t quite right.

"Let me introduce myself." The man said, bowing down. "The names Brock."

Get access to the MVS webtoon on P.a.t.r.e.o.n it’s only $3 dollar a month And read My werewolf system Exclusively.

If you want to support you can on my P.A.T.R.E.O.N: jksmanga

For MVS artwork and updates follow on Instagram and Facebook: jksmanga