Chapter 1008 - Abnormality

Yu Haotian had too many treasures, so Lin Yun needed time to sort through them and digest. It took a while, but Lin Yun came up with a plan. First, he could leave the Indigomoon Elysium’s cultivation and secret techniques aside, which included the Phaseless Demonic Art.

As for the movement technique Yu Haotian obtained from the Azure Dragon Palace, Lin Yun currently had no use for it because he already had the Golden Crow Nine Transformations. He knew that his technique was a lot stronger than the movement technique that Yu Haotian had obtained. So he wanted to give it to Lil’ Red since Lil’ Red also had the dragon clan's bloodline.

As for Divine Solar Lunar Fist, Lin Yun realized that it wasn’t easy to cultivate. After all, it was a Holy Spirit Martial Technique. First, he had to learn the essence of the Divine Glorysun Fist and the Divine Glorymoon Fist.

Without grasping the essence of these techniques, it would be impossible for him to combine them. At this point, the Divine Solar Lunar Fist was more important than comprehending the Azure Dragon True Bone.

Grasping the Divine Solar Lunar Fist means that I’ll be able to grasp the Divine Solar Lunar Sword. It will boost my strength greatly and quickly. I might even be able to fight the geniuses from the War Realms… Lin Yun’s eyes flashed as he sorted his thoughts. He didn’t want to run when he ran into those geniuses. If he didn’t have the strength to defeat them, he wouldn’t be able to help Yue Weiwei.

Last but not least, there was the Divine Shadow Glove. Lin Yun knew there was a way to deal with the War Realms if he had the Divine Shadow Glove. Since he was done sorting things out, he began to practice the Divine Glorysun Fist. “I need to perfect the Divine Glorysun Fist fist…”

The Divine Glorysun Fist was divided into nine forms, the Clouds Dispelling Sun, Eastern Purple Aura, Rising Flames, Hanging Sun, Solar Noon, Absolute Dominance, Crimson Sun, Descending Sun, and Nine Radiant Suns. Every three forms had a secret technique that could allow him to unleash the power of the nine suns.

He was already done with six forms, so he needed to work on the last three forms - the Crimson Sun, Descending Sun, and Nine Radiant Suns. The reason why he didn’t finish it before was because his cultivation wasn’t high enough.

But it was different now. Not only was he in the third soul Heavenly Soul Realm, he even had Demonic Astral Flowers in every single one of his aura oceans. When the flowers blazed, he could suppress geniuses in the fourth soul Heavenly Soul Realm.

Three days later in the spacious valley, a golden light was chasing away all of the eerie aura. It looked like a bright sun with divine aura.

Clouds Dispelling Sun, Eastern Purple Aura, and Rising Flames!

Lin Yun’s movements were extremely skilled as three phenomena appeared in a split second. This was a sign that his Divine Glorysun Fist was basically at complete mastery.

Hanging Sun and Solar Noon!

As Lin Yun continued to move, he executed the fourth to sixth forms using the Golden Crow Nine Transformations at the same time. In the next second, a bright sun bloomed on his body that emitted a beam of light with seven different colors. When the sun rose, a halo and a rainbow appeared above his head.

“Absolute Dominance” Throwing another punch forward, the rainbow pierced through space and dyed the sky in different colors. At the same time, the entire valley shook violently. Lin Yun didn’t use any sword intent with his attack and purely relied on the Divine Glorysun Fist.

Throwing out two punches in a row, Lin Yun’s attacks dyed the entire sky red and a desolate atmosphere enveloped the entire region. When he threw his last punch out, a crimson sun soared into the sky. At this moment, it looked like the sky was moving far away.

“Nine Radiant Suns!” Letting out a roar, nine suns appeared behind Lin Yun. Before he could throw his punch out, the valley had instantly become charred with terrifying cracks that spread out. Under the nine suns, all vitality was stripped in the valley.

When Lin Yun threw his punch out, the entire valley crumbled as a blazing heat spread out. The heat was so concentrated that the surrounding air reeked of death and destruction.

“How terrifying…” Lin Yun had shock on his face as he looked around. The Divine Glorysun Fist was so terrifying that he couldn’t imagine how strong the Divine Solar Lunar Fist would be. Then again, he still had a long way to go since he just finished cultivating the Divine Glorysun Fist.

Lin Yun had comprehended the Golden Crow Divine Ancestor, which was why he had no trouble practicing the Divine Glorysun Fist. So it wouldn’t be that easy for him to comprehend the Divine Glorymoon Fist. Then again, Lin Yun wasn’t in a hurry because he intended to condense the Divine Moon Breaking Seal, which was similar to the Divine Sun Breaking Seal. This was the first threshold Lin Yun had to pass if he wanted to practice the Divine Glorymoon Fist.

“Divine Moon Breaking Seal…I need to comprehend it well. If I can grasp it, my Three Heavenly Divides will be able to reach the manifestation stage,” muttered Lin Yun before he raised his head to look at the bright moon hanging in the sky.

Over the next month, Lin Yun spent each day comprehending the Azure Dragon True Bone and each night observing the moon to grasp the Divine Moon Breaking Seal. In his free time, he would practice the Divine Glorysun Sword to ensure that he wasn’t wasting his time. In just one month, Lin Yun had completely stabilized his foundation.

Relying on the five Bloodflame Pellets left behind by Yu Haotian, Lin Yun managed to reach lesser mastery in the Azure Dragon Saint Art. As he became more proficient in the Azure Dragon True Bone, he could summon the Azure Dragon Saint Armor without forming a seal. With just a single thought, he could release the divine rune engraved on the Azure Dragon True Bone to a five feet radius. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

In the past, he couldn’t control the divine rune. But now that he could release it up to five feet, he could kill an opponent that got too close to him. The divine rune could even suppress demonic spirits, so he was practically invincible among those in the same cultivation. Granted, it would be a different story if his opponent had similar means. Most importantly, Lin Yun had comprehended most of the Divine Sun Breaking Seal and it was just a matter of time before he reached the manifestation level.

Lin Yun let out a long breath and felt unprecedented peace. He finally had a clear path in front of him.. Now, he was even more confident that he would reach the end of the Heavenly Path, so it was time for him to get moving.

Soaring into the sky, Lin Yun carried Lil’ Red in his arms. The Heavenly Path was huge and the Azure Dragon Region was only the tip of the iceberg. Even an Empyrean expert would need more than a year to explore the entirety of the Heavenly Path. So it was time for Lin Yun to leave the Azure Dragon Region.

Even if he headed towards a single direction without any detours, it would still take a long time for him to reach the end of the Heavenly Path. However, his goal was clear. He needed to reach an ancient city called the Four Phase City. He had to pass through this city in order to reach the end of the Heavenly Path. In addition to the Azure Dragon Region experts, experts from the other regions would also be there.

At Four Phase City, it would be easy to see geniuses on the ranking. It would also be easy to run into geniuses from the War Realms. Without a doubt, Lin Yun needed to go there.

Lin Yun left the Azure Dragon Region and arrived in a high plain enveloped in boundless yellow sand. This place was called the Yellow Sandy Plain. The temperature here was high and life was rarely seen. It was located to the north of the Four Phase City. It was also a dangerous region and most geniuses would only come here with their companions.

Aside from facing the threats of demonic beasts, there was the danger of facing other realms. After all, everyone who made it here had long experienced the darkness of the Heavenly Path.

Traveling alone in the desolate plain, Lin Yun crossed a few hundred meters in a single step using the Golden Crow Nine Transformations. Using this terrifying movement technique, Lin Yun looked like a golden light in the horizon. As he traveled, his comprehension in the Golden Crow Nine Transformations would deepen. It was a perfect situation for Lin Yun.

A few days later, Lin Yun ran into a group of people wearing masks. They came from various realms and wanted to expand their harvest seeing that the competition was coming to an end.

“Something isn’t right…” Lin Yun looked at the corpses on the ground. The corpses came from demonic cultivators of a higher realm who wanted to make a move on him because he was alone. But in the end, they were all killed by Lil’ Red alone.

This was already the ninth assault, which baffled him. Even if this place was dangerous, it made no sense for it to be this dangerous. Lin Yun could sense that there was something unusual about this place. Raising his head, Lin Yun could see the outline of the majestic Four Phase City. As long as he made it out of this region, he could reach the city in just three days.

“Let’s change direction.” Since Lin Yun was cautious, he didn’t take the risk. He changed direction and pushed the Golden Crow Nine Transformations to the limit. In the end, he could still sense the dangerous aura that baffled him.

The Heavenly Path was only left with three months and it seemed like someone locked the Four Phase City down.