Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1065 - Life and Death

As Lin Yun refined the dew, the dragon around him began to look even more realistic. It looked like it was alive as its eyes shined brightly with a sword ray. Clearly, the azure dragon aura and Lin Yun’s sword intent were merging well together. The body was created by the azure dragon and the eyes were manifested with sword intent. No one else in the world had this Azure Dragon Sword Aura except for Lin Yun.

And now, Lin Yun’s Azure Dragon was transforming into a holy spirit. It was a bizarre and practically unimaginable event. After all, only those who had cultivated a holy spirit martial technique could manifest the holy spirits. Even stranger was the fact that Lin Yun didn’t use any of his vitality, but the transformation was still occurring.

Yue Weiwei suppressed her excitement and took two more droplets of dew out of the bottle for Lin Yun. She passed them over to Lin Yun who didn’t hesitate to refine them. His body was becoming stronger and stronger with the help of the dew. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

At the same time, Lin Yun’s cultivation also began to surge violently. It had been barely a month since he reached the fourth soul Heavenly Soul Realm, but he was making swift progress thanks to the dew. He was surprised by the improvement, but he was worried that his cultivation was improving a little too quickly. It was a surreal feeling. Furthermore, he had no idea if his foundation was strong enough to undergo the tribulation.

After all, every single tribulation was accompanied by Demonic Astral Flowers, which was extremely dangerous. He only made it through the previous tribulation thanks to the Azure Dragon True Bone. But he still had to unlock the ten seals on it to make use of it again.

So he couldn’t allow his cultivation to progress too quickly. After he made up his mind, Lin Yun split his attention to refine the dew while pouring its spiritual energy essence into the Iris Sword Sutra. He wanted the Iris Sword Sutra to reach the fifteenth stage before undergoing his next tribulation.

His sword sutra was his foundation, so he needed a solid foundation before making a breakthrough. Otherwise, his cultivation would be equivalent to a tall hollow building.

If it was someone else, they would choose to make a breakthrough without any hesitation. Not many people were as calm and composed as Lin Yun.

In the blink of an eye, seven days passed. Yue Weiwei held her chin in doubt because Lin Yun had already refined a total of ten droplets of dew. His Azure Dragon Sword Aura had reached a terrifying height, so Yue Weiwei couldn’t figure out why there was no improvement in Lin Yun’s cultivation.

“That’s weird, the spiritual energy in the dew was enough to make someone’s cultivation rise rapidly. Why isn’t there any increase to his cultivation aside from his sword aura?” Yue Weiwei muttered.

It was hard to make progress in one’s cultivation after reaching the late phase of the Heavenly Soul Realm. Since Lin Yun couldn’t bask in the Saint Spiritual Lake, the dew was his only opportunity. After all, there wasn’t an opportunity as good as this in Kunlun Realm. Then again, Lin Yun must have a good reason for his odd behavior.

Three days later, Lin Yun was enveloped in a boundless dragon aura. The power of his Azure Dragon Sword Aura was similar to his holy spirits.

Additionally, a sword hum echoed out of Lin Yun’s body as Iris Flowers flew out of his body. In the next second, the Iris Flowers formed a sea of flowers behind him, each containing a terrifying amount of sword intent. His Iris Sword Sutra had reached the fifteenth stage, which was one stage away from complete mastery.

When Yue Weiwei saw this scene, she finally figured out what was going on. So she took out the remaining six droplets. When Lin Yun sucked the dew into his mouth, the cultivation that he had been suppressing suddenly began to soar. Instantly, lightning flickered all over his body as he began making a breakthrough into the fifth soul Heavenly Soul Realm.

When Lin Yun opened his eyes and let out a breath, he raised his head. Demonic Astral Flowers were descending from the dark sky, which made everything look apocalyptic.

“I knew it.” Lin Yun squinted his eyes. His tribulation in the fifth soul was a lot stronger than the fourth soul. It was a good thing that he suppressed his cultivation until he made a breakthrough in his sword sutra.

Additionally, he had the Azure Dragon Sword Aura that had been tempered by the dew, so he felt more than prepared. Then again, he also refined the dew to improve his body. With all of these measures, he wanted to subdue six Demonic Astral Flowers. It was an insane plan, but it would increase the number of Demonic Astral Flowers in his aura oceans to fourteen.

As Lin Yun underwent his tribulation for the fifth soul Heavenly Soul Realm, the geniuses of the gold, purple, and white ranking were gathered at the Saint Spiritual Lake. The Saint Spiritual Lake was located at the top of a mountain where bright stars were reflected in the sky. At this moment, the stars seemed close enough for everyone to grab. This was the location of the final battle in the Heavenly Path. It was also where the geniuses would try to shine brightest.

But before anyone fought, everyone on the ranking was given a chance to bask in the Saint Spiritual Lake.

At the top of the mountain was a mirror hovering in the sky and many people were gathered beneath it. Everyone who was present was emitting a terrifying aura.

These were the elders of the various powerful sects in Kunlun Realm who were here to pick disciples to join their sects. Although the geniuses from the lower realms were excellent choices, their main focus was on the ten war realms.

Because of the news that Divine Blood Fruits would appear in the Ninth Heavenly Path, all of the Realm Sons were gathered. It was unfortunate for everyone else since it would be hard to stand out with the Realm Sons taking all the glory.

On the other hand, the sects wanted as many good seeds as possible, so they would still hand out invitations. After all, every war realm had a terrifying foundation, so the Realm Sons would be converted into a weapon for any sect.

Under the mirror, the elders started to form seals to unlock the restriction enveloping the Saint Spiritual Lake. As the Saint Spiritual Lake began to shine brightly, a radiant voice descended down from the starry sky, “The restriction in the Saint Spiritual Lake has been lifted. All outcomes will depend on your own effort. Those in the top ten will obtain a Saint Spiritual Fruit, and the champion will obtain a Nine-Leaf Saint Fruit. Those with excellent performances will also have a chance to join the sects we’re representing.”

The words made everyone excited because this was what they came for. Only the ten Realm Sons were able to maintain their composure because they knew that the final battle was a stage only for them. All other geniuses would become their stepping stones.

“They’re just a bunch of ants,” sneered the Nether Divinity Realm Son while he looked at several figures among the crowd. Naturally, he was looking at Luo Chen, Qin Lin, Jun Mengchen, and those from the Profound Amber Realm. All of them made it into the ranking and showed themselves despite knowing the enmity that the Nether Divinity Realm Son had with Lin Yun.

“Interesting…they’re here.” The Profound Dragon and Elysium Trigram Realm Sons were also looking at those groups.

“Don’t be in such a hurry. We’ll teach them the meaning of regret in three days,” smiled the Nether Divinity Realm Son with killing aura surging in his pupils.