Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1113 - Emotions

The Fleeting Cloud 13 Swords was a high-grade holy spirit martial technique with a total of 13 swords. But unlike other holy spirit martial techniques, one could manifest an Azure Bird holy spirit upon reaching complete mastery in each sword. The strongest disciple in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect could manifest ten Azure Birds, which was unmatched.

However, the flaw was also obvious because one Azure Bird wasn’t a complete holy spirit. So it would shatter when facing another holy spirit. However, to this day, no one grasped the entire sword technique. Most core disciples only grasped three to eight swords. In fact, no one aside from Ye Ziling could master the tenth sword.

While this sword technique could summon lots of holy spirits, it was also complicated to control all of them. If one didn’t have sufficient comprehension skills, they would try to just control one holy spirit. This was why other disciples would choose to learn other holy spirit martial techniques.

Only a few geniuses could unleash the power of this sword technique. Seven centuries ago, the genius who made it to the tenth test had forged an undefeated legend in the Empyrean Realm for himself in the Ancient Barren Domain. It was especially impressive once people heard that the Fleeting Cloud 13 Swords weren’t complete. The genius’ strength would have been unimaginable if he had the complete version.

No one could imagine how powerful the complete version was. However, Lin Yun knew how powerful it was because he had the complete version along with the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sutra. More accurately speaking, the Azure Birds weren’t the holy spirits of the Fleeting Cloud 13 Swords, they were just a part of the technique. One had to combine them with the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sutra to obtain the genuine holy spirit.

After Lin Yun comprehended the sword technique and sword sutra, he began to cultivate it with 13 paintings unfolding in his mind. Every single painting had a vivid figure that brandished his sword. Just like that, Lin Yun remained seated for two days to comprehend what was in the paintings.

Two days later, Lin Yun began to swing his sword in the plaza to exhibit the swords that were imprinted in his mind. As he swung his sword, he would unleash a terrifying sword ray.

Just like that, Lin Yun would practice the sword technique during the day and the sword sutra at night. Since the two complemented each other, he was making swift progress in the holy spirit martial technique, which greatly boosted his strength.

The reason why he could master the Wind Manipulation Sword Technique back then was because its grade wasn’t high and it was based on wind intent. Lin Yun possessed the Azure Dragon Sword Aura, which meant that attainments in both wind and thunder were astonishing, not to mention that his sky sword intent was also a complete mastery.

The Fleeting Cloud 13 Sword placed an emphasis on the clouds, and the incomplete sword technique was already a high-grade holy spirit martial technique, so it wasn’t an injustice to say that the complete Fleeting Cloud 13 Sword was a peerless-grade.

Even so, Lin Yun had only spent seven days learning up to the ninth sword. He had reached complete mastery and could now manifest an Azure Bird. His comprehension speed was astonishing and no one in the Profound Azure Manor could compete with him.

At the same time, Lin Yun also reached a certain level in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sutra. Using it together with the sword technique, he easily increased the power of his ninth sword to a whole new level.

Realistically though, Lin Yun’s cultivation was still too weak for the technique. Since Ye Ziling’s cultivation was so high, she could still easily suppress him when relying on her cultivation. Over the past seven days, Lin Yun had also exhausted one-tenth of the spiritual energy that he absorbed from the Sword Saint Mountain. He was able to refine his origin energy several times with the spiritual energy. With this, he would reach the seventh soul Heavenly Soul Realm in one month.

Right now, the river behind Lin Yun’s residence was surging violently as Lin Yun performed the Fleeting Cloud 13 Swords. “First Sword—Sun Concealing Clouds! Second Sword—Storm Clouds and Wind! Third Sword—Firmament Stirring Clouds! Fourth Sword—Aloof Clouds!...Eighth Sword—Clouds Manifesting Dragon! Ninth Sword—Soaring Azure Sky!”

Dressed in his azure clothes, Lin Yun wielded the Flower Burial Sword and continued to brandish his sword while clouds enveloped him. Whenever his sword flashed, he stood proudly like a mountain in the clouds. It was like he was looking down on everything around him.

Just like that, Lin Yun brandished nine swords in a single breath before he soared into the sky. Then, the entire sky turned dark. Bolts of lightning streaked across the horizon while his sword emitted a destructive light.

When Lin Yun sheathed his sword, he muttered to himself with flashing eyes, “I see. If I want to cultivate the Fleeting Cloud 13 Swords to the manifestation stage, I have to grasp the last verse. Otherwise, I’ll be trapped beneath the clouds no matter how much I practice.”

Earlier, when he practiced the sword techniques, his aura was like a lone mountain, and he had treated himself as the Sword Saint Mountain. When he unleashed the last sword, he could faintly sense that his sword aura was about to break through the clouds.

However, when he saw that, he began to wonder if he should share the technique with Ye Ziling. She was probably the strongest disciple in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect. So if she couldn’t comprehend the profundity in it, she would never be able to grasp the true essence of this sword technique.

Although she didn’t have a pleasant attitude, she wasn’t bad. But knowing her personality, it would probably be impossible for her to accept this kind of favor. Thinking about it, Lin Yun merely smiled before he tossed it to the back of his mind. If she really wanted it, she would come look for him.

“Time to practice the flute,” said Lin Yun after sheathing his sword. Lin Yun had neglected the flute because he was too focused on practicing the Fleeting Cloud 13 Sword. Wielding flute as a sword could be considered one of his strongest means right now, so he needed to practice it. Plus, he needed to be proficient in the flute in order to practice the Dragon-Phoenix World Annihilating Sword Canon in the future.

At the very least, he had to reach the level of using music as his sword. After all, relying on the phenomenon that he created with music was too simple. Any stronger opponent would be able to see right through his attack.

Lin Yun took out the Divine Indigo Jade Flute and left his residence. The Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect was surrounded by 108 levitating mountains and they were all used to suppress the Sword Saint Mountain. Otherwise, the terrifying sword intent from Sword Saint Mountain would turn the entire sect into ashes.

Most of the time, the mountains were forbidden places that not even elders could step a foot in. However, Lin Yun was a heavenly core disciple, so he could go anywhere he wanted. Since he was going to practice his flute, he naturally had to find a remote area. So the levitating mountains were the perfect place.

Lin Yun swept his glance out before landing on a serene mountain. Then, Lin Yun began to practice. However, after putting the flute to his lips, he realized that the technique for the Dancing Indigo Phoenix was unfamiliar now. After all, he hadn’t practiced for several days. So Lin Yun placed the flute down and pondered briefly before he tried again.

It didn’t take long for Lin Yun to figure it out and produce beautiful music. As the ethereal flute music sounded out from the mountain, indigo petals also began to fly out of his body. During this time, Lin Yun focused on fusing his sword intent and music.

As time gradually passed, Lin Yun began to comprehend some profundities from the music. Music was a form of emotion, and music was also a dao that wasn’t any weaker than sword dao. If he wielded the flute as his sword, practicing the flute would be the same as training his sword. After he was done playing, exhaustion filled Lin Yun’s face. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

“I can also wield my sword with my emotions, such as rage and happiness.” Lin Yun’s eyes flickered as he had gained more insight from his practice. Just like that, Lin Yun focused on practicing the flute for the next three days. He completely pushed the thought of his sword to the back of his mind. As he practiced, the music changed with his emotions, which helped him grow more adept with the Iris Sword Array.

After a while, Lin Yun started to express the feelings in his heart. He stopped playing the Dancing Indigo Phoenix song altogether and made his own melody. When he was done, he found himself to be enveloped with many emotions, so he continued to play another song. This time, the tune was filled with sorrow as he recalled Xin Jue’s death and how Xin Yan chose to marry an enemy just because of him.

This song was for Xin Yan. Then, he played another song for Yue Weiwei.

In the end, he poured all his emotions into his music and played a tune with unprecedented pride and arrogance. This music was for the sword in his hand.