Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1126 - Extraordinary Swordsman! (1)

The night was dyed in crimson and the moon was blood red like a bewitching. Lin Yun stood firmly in this atmosphere with his silver mask. He emitted a silver radiance while his silver hair draped down longer than normal. As his hair fluttered in the wind, Lin Yun held onto the Divine Indigo Jade Bamboo Flute.

Leng Aoran wore a devilish smile as he smiled like an asura from hell.

Staring at Lin Yun, he said, “I’m surprised that you dare to show up after seeing my Profound Sky Heavy Armor and saint artifact.” He felt traces of someone observing his battle with Yan Teng’s group, but he was worried about it. Seeing that it was Lin Yun, he had no worries because he had the saint artifact.

In his mind, Flower Burial was courting death.

“Let’s go then.” Lin Yun glanced at the hole on Leng Aoran’s shoulder. If Leng Aoran was in top state, Lin Yun might be fearful of the saint artifact. But now that Leng Aoran was injured and his trump cards were all revealed, there was nothing to be afraid of.

“Looks like you really need to be taught a lesson. Let me see who you are under your mask!” Leng Aoran smiled before stepping forward. He was so fast that he disappeared. But as soon as he moved, music started to play once again. At this moment, an iris flower appeared in front of Leng Aoran.

Leng Aoran swung his spear to destroy the iris flower, which stopped him in his tracks. Then, more music empowered by sky sword intent swept out before he could react.

Lin Yun played the flute with his eyes closed while his clothes violently fluttered in the wind. One after another, iris flowers were leaving his body. They moved with the music that obscured the entire region like heavy rain. It sounded beautiful to everyone.

Leng Aoran’s face became ugly because he was initially planning to suppress Lin Yun to remove the mask. However, Lin Yun forced him to retreat instead.

He was moving so fast that his attacks were leaving behind afterimages to destroy the iris flowers and sword rays, but he couldn’t move forward. Now, a tidal wave of flower petals was flying over, leaving a cut on Leng Aoran’s cheek.

“You’ve successfully annoyed me!” Leng Aoran’s eyes blazed with raging flames as he poured his astral energy into the saint artifact. In that split second, the saint runes bloomed with a violent aura much stronger than when Yan Teng wielded the spear. Just like that, the petals were easily dealt with.

Suddenly, Lin Yun’s music turned into a long tune that sounded like a tornado. His sky sword intent started surging, going from lesser mastery to complete mastery.

Leng Aoran’s spear was stopped when it was two feet away from Lin Yun due to the sky sword intent. Although the spear radiated brightly, it couldn’t break apart the barrier formed by sky sword intent.

Simultaneously, Lin Yun opened his eyes as his tune went into a piercing sharp section that manifested into a wind dragon tearing apart the crimson night. The crimson veil in the sky was torn apart and starlight shined down. Lin Yun’s fingers began to move swiftly on the flute, pushing the song Dancing Indigo Phoenix to the limit, which distorted the starlight around him.

Sword rays flew out of his body and quickly formed a sword array. In a moment, boundless sword intent poured out at Leng Aoran.

Lin Yun’s retaliation caused Leng Aoran’s face to change as he quickly switched from his spear to his sword. As a swordsman, he was naturally more proficient in the way of the sword.

Sword rays danced on his sword and intertwined into a crimson dragon. Charging forward, the crimson dragon crashed into the sword array. However, the sword array stood firmly like a mountain. No matter what, the crimson dragon couldn’t affect the sword ray.

Just like that, everyone watched as Leng Aoran was constantly pushed back by Lin Yun.

Leng Aoran naturally couldn’t accept the fact that he was being pushed back by Lin Yun and swung his sword out. What accompanied his sword was a crimson ocean that spread out with nine dragons, “Sky Shattering Nine Dragons!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In that split second, the entire sky was dyed red and everyone could tell that Leng Aoran had gone mad. But facing the insane Leng Aoran, Lin Yun calmly started playing his flute. Every note felt heavy like a colossal mountain in the sky that caused heaven and earth to tremble violently.

Then, the Iris Sword Array around him began to revolve clockwise. Primal Origin—Unrivaled!

With the massive sword array revolving, Lin Yun’s sword intent began to grow even more terrifying. After the Iris Sword Array made nine reverse circulations, Lin Yun’s sword intent was on the brink of reaching the fourth grade.

Right at this moment, the crimson dragon collided with the sword array, producing a dazzling brilliance. It was shocking to see someone force Leng Aoran backwards with a simple flute.

Amidst the brilliance, a phoenix cry sounded out with a sun rising behind Lin Yun. When the light dispelled all the crimson light in the sky, Lin Yun walked from out of the sun like a deity.

When the nine dragons were torn into pieces by the sword array, Leng Aoran threw up a mouthful of blood. Then, the Ice Phoenix from the array charged at him before he could catch his breath.

When the Ice Phoenix flew over, the flute music cast a layer of radiance on it. Then, the Ice Phoenix reached Leng Aoran, sending him flying away.

“Profound Sky Heavy Armor!” Just when everyone felt that Leng Aoran would die, he revealed his armor with metallic luster. His power was now so close to the Astral Stage.

The spectators were dumbfounded because Leng Aoran was the first to reveal a trump card. Donned in heavy armor, Leng Aoran forcibly charged through the music while his eyes turned red.

But as he approached, his armor started to crack. Although he arrived at the sword array, his armor was breaking faster than the sword array was breaking.

“Flower Burial, you’re dead!” Leng Aoran laughed and stabbed out with his sword. He had already calculated everything. He knew that Lin Yun’s Dancing Indigo Phoenix was coming to an end, so he just needed to persevere. If he could make it through the last bit of the sword array, he could kill Lin Yun.

Just like that, everyone watched as a spear stabbed towards Lin Yun’s chest. However, Leng Aoran was shocked to discover that Lin Yun’s heart was shrouded in saint runes and that his sword couldn’t budge any further.

Seeing this, he decided to retreat. He was decisive, but too late. Lin Yun lowered his flute and flicked his finger. Seven layers of flower seas appeared behind Lin Yun as he flicked his finger with a boundless sword ray.

Leng Aoran’s armor shattered instantly as he went flying with a terrifying wound. His face turned pale as his aura weakened significantly as he landed on the ground. Not daring to stay any longer, he dragged his tattered body away.