Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1133 - Where Do The Flowers Bloom?

It took a while for the crowd to recover from their shock. Did Thunderclap Sword Demon die just like that? But this is the Heavenly Star Pavilion! No one could believe what they just witnessed or how the middle-aged man of the Heavenly Star Pavilion was feeling.

“Kill him!” A roar sounded out in everyone’s ears, causing many people to bleed from their seven orifices. There were even those who fainted from the voice. Simultaneously, the layers of spiritual arrays were shattered as pieces of the walls were broken up.

Everyone was filled with fear when they saw the middle-aged man holding the saint artifact. They could clearly see the rage in his eyes from the boundless killing intent that he was releasing.

One by one, guards soared into the sky to chase after Flower Burial. As they left the auction hall, more holes were created in the roof. Most of the people charging into the sky were in the Astral Stage, and there was no lack of Elysium Core Realm experts. It was a terrifying formation, so no one was optimistic about Flower Burial’s chances to flee the Demon Domain.

It was rare for so many experts from the Heavenly Star Pavilion to move out, so it was guaranteed that the Profound Azure Prefecture would be shaken from this event.

“All guardians, stay. Everyone else, follow me!” The middle-aged man held onto the silver spear and charged forward with everyone else.

“Pavilion Master, please wait!” Chu Tianhao appeared out of nowhere with the elders of the King Suspend Palace. With his outstanding appearance, he emitted an extraordinary temperament.

The middle-aged man waved his hand for everyone else to go on their own. Then, he turned around with a sneer, “Young Master Chu, how can I help you?”

Chu Tianhao was unhappy to see his saint artifact in the hands of the middle-aged man. “The Heavenly Star Pavilion is where transactions take place, and rules are naturally important. What do you think of my words?”

“You’re right. After all, the Heavenly Star Pavilion is where transactions take place, and we naturally place great importance on the rules,” chuckled the middle-aged man.

“I came to participate in the auction, and I didn’t violate any rules here,” replied Chu Tianhao.

“Of course. Since you’re the highest bidder for this saint artifact, the Heavenly Star Pavilion will naturally follow the rules and deliver it to you,” smiled the middle-aged man.

When Chu Tianhao heard that, he smirked, “Well said… but we still have to discuss the rules. Since Thunderclap Sword Demon is dead, the Heavenly Star Pavilion no longer has the qualification to auction this saint artifact. So shouldn’t you give it back to its initial owner?”

Chu Tianhao’s plan was finally revealed. He wanted to take the saint artifact back without paying the price. Then again, his argument made a lot of sense. With Thunderclap Sword Demon’s death, there was naturally no need for the auction to continue. After all, the saint artifact didn’t belong to the Heavenly Star Pavilion, and they couldn’t make decisions on their own. Otherwise, no one would dare to make transactions with the Heavenly Star Pavilion in the future.

Hearing that, the middle-aged man’s face sank, “Young Master Chu, do you think that anyone can step on my Heavenly Star Pavilion now?”

“I naturally don’t dare. I’m just discussing ‘rules’ with you,” said Chu Tianhao.

The middle-aged man roared, “Get lost! I’ll tell you the rules right now. Flower Burial has to die tonight no matter what, and this saint artifact goes to whoever kills him!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The middle-aged man was really furious. Not only was he fooled by Lin Yun, but Chu Tianhao even dared to talk back to him. With his declaration, the entire Heavenly Star Pavilion trembled. Simultaneously, the doors of the individual rooms opened.

“Whoever kills Flower Burial will receive the ownership of the saint artifact?” Someone asked.

“That’s right. This saint artifact will go to the person who kills Flower Burial.” The middle-aged man glanced at Chu Tianhao before he said coldly, “It’s fine if you don’t want to fork out the Divine Astral Pellets. Just go kill Flower Burial. You’re still too tender to talk to me about rules!” When the spectators heard these words, they charged out of the auction hall.

When the middle-aged man left, Chu Tianhao’s face was cold as he tried his best to suppress his rage.

“Tianhao, what should we do now?” An elder asked.

Chu Tianhao squinted his eyes, “Let’s go and take a look. No matter what, we can’t let Flower Burial leave the Demon Domain alive. We have to ensure that he doesn’t die in the hands of the Heavenly Star Pavilion but in our hands.”

The disciples in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect’s room were yelling when they saw Ye Ziling return, “Senior Sister, the Thunderclap Sword Demon is dead!”

“I know,” replied Ye Ziling. After all, she had witnessed the beheading personally.

“Senior Sister, do you think Flower Burial is a disciple of our Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect? Should we help him out?” Another disciple asked.

“There’s no such person from the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect. However, we can help him to the best of our ability. Let’s go!” Ye Ziling said. In the blink of an eye, the bustling Heavenly Star Pavilion suddenly became quiet.

“Over there!” When Ye Ziling’s group left the Heavenly Star Pavilion, they could see the striking silver figure holding onto a flute in one hand and Thunderclap Sword Demon’s decapitated head with the other.

His figure looked profound as he left behind afterimages. However, the guards of the Heavenly Star Pavilion were close behind and so were the Elysium Core Realm experts. Although Flower Burial’s movement technique was profound, the distance between him and the guards was still swiftly closing.

Ye Ziling shook her head because she knew that Flower Burial wouldn’t be able to escape with so many Elysium Core Realm experts around. Unless Flower Burial was also an Elysium Core Realm expert, there was no way he could escape the Demon Domain.

No one dared to cause trouble in the Heavenly Star Pavilion because all those who tried to cause trouble were killed. Suddenly, Flower Burial’s silver figure came to a stop on a towering pavilion, leaving the guards suspicious. At this moment, everyone surrounded Lin Yun.

“Get lost!” The middle-aged man shoved through the crowd holding onto the silver spear, “What’s the matter? You’re not going to run anymore? You think you can flee the Demon Domain as long as you’re out of the Heavenly Star Pavilion?”

“What’s wrong?” Lin Yun smiled as he put away Thunderclap Sword Demon’s head, “Our transaction has already concluded.”

“One song for the head? That’s not enough…” The middle-aged man gave the surrounding guards a signal before they charged toward Lin Yun. Various phenomena bloomed and sealed off all paths of retreat for Lin Yun. It was an immense pressure that would hinder any Elysium Core Realm expert.

The crowd felt nervous because they wanted to get the saint artifact. However, the Heavenly Star Pavilion wasn’t giving anyone a chance to take Lin Yun down.

Although the Elysium Core Realm experts didn’t move, they were clearly intimidating everyone else because the Heavenly Star Pavilion was establishing its prestige. The formation clearly exemplified the rage of the middle-aged man. After all, he wouldn’t tolerate anyone provoking the Heavenly Star Pavilion.

“Not enough? Then I’ll play another song for you.” Lin Yun said before raising the flute to his lips. The middle-aged man frowned because he could sense a terrifying serenity from Lin Yun as all of the noise of the world disappeared. Then, the noble tune appeared.

“Retreat! Quick!” The middle-aged man said quickly the moment he sensed that there was something unusual about this situation, but it was already too late.

When the flute music sounded out, it struck the empyreans who were charging at him. The music slammed into their chests with the power of a mountain while they faced the noble tune.

Experts fell out of the sky with huge holes in their chests. Most of them were Astral Stage experts. Although they weren’t on the Empyrean Ranking, they still had a deep foundation and a high chance of making it into the Elysium Core Realm.

Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been recruited by the Heavenly Star Pavilion. But at this moment, a terrifying chill and fear began to spread out wildly under the full moon. When they raised their heads, they could see that Flower Burial had closed his eyes.

Where do the flowers bloom?

Ethereal music drifted out and lingered in everyone’s ears as a sea of flowers was formed. Although the crowd knew what Lin Yun was doing, no one dared to retaliate.