Chapter 1134 - Brilliant Exchange

No one dared to make a sound as Lin Yun’s music played. The fusion of a noble tune and complete mastery sky sword intent felt like a majestic roar in everyone’s ears. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

All the empyreans who were enveloped by the sword intent had a drastic change on their faces. They were enveloped by the sword intent before they even realized it. In a moment, they were like commoners standing before an emperor.

No one could get close to Lin Yun’s due to the immense pressure. Sword rays flashed around everywhere like passing blades.

At this moment, it felt like immortals were arriving under the moonlight because of the brilliant sword technique that accompanied the flute music. The sky sword intent at complete mastery easily suppressed all the Astral Stage experts from the Heavenly Star Pavilion, and they weren’t sure if they should leave or attack.

Looking at this scene, all the spectators were left dumbfounded. They couldn’t believe that Flower Burial was actually capable of suppressing this many Astral Stage geniuses just by playing his flute. After all, it was hard even for an Elysium Core Realm expert to suppress so many people at the same time.

This was only something possible only for those in the pinnacle Elysium Core Realm experts. Naturally, everyone was feeling shocked.

“This…” Ye Ziling was also shocked when she saw this scene. The grace that Flower Burial had displayed was breathtaking to everyone present. They couldn’t believe that such a heaven-defying genius existed.

As surprise flashed through Ye Ziling’s pupils, strong curiosity began to creep into her heart. She wondered what Flower Burial looked like under his mask.

At the very core of the song that Lin Yun was playing was a question, but no one was answering it. Not many people knew him, so there was no way he would receive a real answer. In the end, he felt lonely while playing his song. Then, the music changed to a sort of illusory sound.

Although he was still within everyone’s reach, he seemed to be on another plane. Meanwhile, the tone of the song changed as the Dustlight Sword Art became even more majestic. It was like the presence of a dragon coiling around a mountain.

When he executed the Dustlight Sword Art with his sword, it was also majestic. However, the flute made it exquisite. Soon, the Astral Stage experts were covered in blood from the sword rays.

Along with the music were blood-curdling cries that sent shivers through the crowd. It was the crowd’s response to Lin Yun’s ever changing song.

Once again, Lin Yun’s song changed and became passionate as he desired to tell everyone where the flowers bloomed.

With each note, several people would go flying as their blood splattered everywhere. Astral Stage experts had no chance to resist.

Just like that, the experts were treated like ragdolls as they were tossed into the garbage. The middle-aged man from the Heavenly Star Pavilion had a dark face when he saw what was happening. “Charge together!”

He wanted the Elysium Core Realm experts to make a move at the same time to suppress Lin Yun by force. But it was already too late as the music had reached its climax. Opening his eyes, Lin Yun radiated with boundless light while silver beams shot out everywhere.

Countless crystallized silver flowers flew out from Lin Yun’s body that reflected the moonlight. The flowers destroyed the origin energy around the Astral Stage experts and reduced them to little pieces.

So when the Elysium Core Realm experts got close to the immense power, they did their best to fight and resist. But even they were sent flying.

When the music came to an end, Flower Burial lowered his flute on the roof with the splendor of a deity. At this moment, he was surrounded by crystal flowers while a full moon shined behind him.

The Elysium Core Realm experts who were sent flying away slowly landed on the ground to face Lin Yun.

“Pavilion Master, I gave you two songs. What a bargain for you,” smiled Lin Yun. He was certain that Lil’ Purple should be close to finishing the spiritual array.

The middle-aged man was left completely dumbfounded and didn’t know how to respond to Lin Yun. Even the spectators didn’t know what to say. Lin Yun’s heaven-defying talent was clearly frustrating everyone present.

When the middle-aged man recovered from his shock, he lost all rationale and let out a furious roar. The saint artifact in his hand radiated brightly as he activated the saint runes. Then, a terrifying phenomenon appeared behind him that sent the people around him flying away. Then, he threw the spear at Lin Yun.

The silver spear pierced through space and distorted the surrounding air. Clearly, the pavilion master had lost all rationale to throw the saint artifact. He was practically handing the saint artifact to Lin Yun if his attack didn’t have enough strength.

Those that accompanied the middle-aged man were completely caught by surprise. They knew that the pavilion master was strong, so they hoped that he poured enough strength into the attack. If Lin Yun received a full strength attack, he would be killed or heavily injured. So it all depended on the strength of the pavilion master.

Ye Ziling’s heart ached when she saw what was happening. She didn’t want Flower Burial to die from this attack. But before she could make a move, something bizarre happened. Ancient runes began to appear on Lin Yun’s mask as he manifested a moon that overlapped with the moon in the sky.

A silver light instantly spread out over a thousand mile radius. It continued to surround Lin Yun like a domain. This was Lin Yun’s attack Lunar Descend that could only be used on the full moon. When the saint artifact entered the domain, it started to slow down and its power greatly weakened.

By the time it arrived at Lin Yun, the power completely dissipated. Lin Yun firmly grabbed the spear and then started to play with it. After the quick assessment, he stored it in his interspatial pouch. From afar, it looked like the middle-aged man just tossed the spear to Lin Yun.

The middle-aged man’s jaw dropped in disbelief. Fear began to loom over his heart as he processed what just happened.

Lin Yun’s laughter broke the silence as he spoke with a loud voice, “What a brilliant exchange. I gave you a song for a head and a song for a saint artifact. The Heavenly Star Pavilion is really a marketplace. Let us meet again in the future if fate allows, hahaha!”

Soaring into the sky, Lin Yun spread his arms apart and disappeared into the silver moon. His method of disappearing left everyone shocked as they could only listen to Lin Yun’s laughter echoing in the surroundings.