Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1135 - Unlucky Mouth

After Lin Yun flew into the moon, the crowd began to murmur. A silver lake seemed to appear out of nowhere under their feet and they had no idea what to do.

“What’s going on? Are we trapped?”

“What the hell is this?”

“Where’s Flower Burial? Where did he go?”

“He didn’t really enter the moon, right?” Everyone tried to figure out what was going on. They were struggling to leave, but their movements only left ripples on the lake. It seemed like the entire region was a barrier that was trapping them.

“Holy shit!” The crowd was realizing that they couldn’t escape the domain no matter how hard they tried. At the same time, the words ‘saint artifact’ appeared in everyone’s mind. They began to speculate that the flute Lin Yun was playing was a saint artifact. Otherwise, there was no way his music would be terrifying enough to face many Astral Stage experts on his own.

Additionally, Lin Yun was handed another saint artifact. Chu Tianhao’s saint artifact was practically hand delivered to Lin Yun. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The crowd began to wonder where this heaven-defying genius came from. After all, such a genius like Flower Burial should be in the Ancient Barren Domain instead of a border region like the Eastern Desolation. His origin was strange, but his appearance was even stranger. It made no sense for Lin Yun to appear in Eastern Desolation.

Those who speculated that Flower Burial was a core disciple of the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect instantly dismissed the idea. They didn’t believe that such a powerful genius would be from the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect.

As for the Heavenly Star Pavilion, they were still processing the loss of the saint artifact. The middle-aged man was especially conflicted because he could still feel the warmth of the saint artifact just a moment ago.

“Gone? It’s gone?!” The middle-aged man was on the verge of crying because he failed to protect Thunderclap Sword Demon and he also lost the saint artifact. The Heavenly Star Pavilion had never suffered such a huge loss before, which made the man feel even more grieved. There was also the matter of Flower Burial’s ridicule that left him feeling useless.

A song for a head and a song for a saint artifact? It was the greatest humiliation of the Heavenly Star Pavilion’s history. The more he thought about it, the more the middle-aged man wanted to tear up.

“That bastard!” The middle-aged man roared before he sat down and punched the ground, unleashing a ripple out in the domain. But even so, the domain withstood the attack.

When the spectators heard the middle-aged man’s howl, they felt sympathy for him. They knew that the Heavenly Star Pavilion had suffered an immense loss. The situation was so bad for them that they wouldn’t be able to restore their reputation for a long time.

However, their sympathy swiftly disappeared because they had been wanting to teach the Heavenly Star Pavilion a lesson for a while now. The pavilion master was an unscrupulous businessman, which annoyed everyone who participated in past auctions.

“He fled? Just like that?” Ye Ziling was briefly stunned before she smiled. Recalling the song played by Lin Yun, she could hear the loneliness in his song. She began to wonder what kind of person Flower Burial was. Suddenly, she realized that she had neglected the death of the Thunderclap Sword Demon and was finally free of the knot in her heart.

Ye Ziling was confused. She didn’t know why the knot was undone when she wasn’t the one to kill Thunderclap Sword Demon. Was it because of Flower Burial? It’s a shame that he’s already gone. I can’t even thank him.

“Senior Sister, what should we do now?” A core disciple of the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect asked with his brow locked together.

“This domain is created with a saint artifact, so it won’t last too long. It’ll dissipate on its own when the day comes,” replied Ye Ziling calmly. Perhaps it wouldn’t even take that long because the owner of the domain had already left.

As she spoke, three figures and their elders flew towards her. Chu Tianhao was leading this group over to meet Ye Ziling. He was the true owner of the saint artifact, but he had maintained silence throughout the whole ordeal even when his saint artifact was snatched away.

His actions clearly displayed how shrewd he was. Next to Chu Tianhao were Xuan Feng and Shen Dongliu, the chief disciples of the Azure Thunder Monastery and Thousand Crane Pavilion.

Usually, when the three of them appeared, they would be the focus of attention. But today, they didn’t interfere nor did they have the opportunity to interfere.

“Ye Ziling, congratulations on having a heaven-defying genius in your Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect,” smiled Shen Dongliu of the Thousand Crane Pavilion. His words also drew Chu Tianhao and Xuan Feng’s attention because they were also curious about Flower Burial's identity and they wanted to find some clues from Ye Ziling’s expression.

But they were disappointed by Ye Ziling’s calm response, “He’s not a disciple of my Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect. There’s no way such a heaven-defying genius would appear in our sect all of a sudden. Otherwise, your sects would have no position in the Profound Azure Prefecture.”

Upon hearing that, Chu Tianhao smiled, “I heard that a genius has recently joined your Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect. He ascended the Sword Saint Mountain when he’s only in the Heavenly Soul Realm. I heard that his name is Lin Yun?”

“Why are you trying to find out information about my Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect’s genius? I’m warning you not to do anything or none of you will be able to escape,” said Ye Ziling coldly.

Ye Ziling wasn’t comfortable with Chu Tianhao’s words. Although she didn’t really like Lin Yun, he was still a core disciple of the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect with unimaginable potential. If Chu Tianhao wanted to target Lin Yun, then the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect would retaliate.

“Relax.” Chu Tianhao smiled. “There are only six months to the ranking battle. Who knows if you’ll be able to keep the Sword Saint Mountain. After all, your entire sect might not even exist by then. So why would I be concerned with a brat in the Heavenly Soul Realm?”

“We’ll see!” Ye Ziling glared at Chu Tianhao before she continued coldly, “I’ll be honest with you. I’ve reached 12,000 in the Empyrean Ranking this time, so you’re not the only one who made it into the top 20,000!”

Her words left everyone stunned, especially Xuan Feng and Shen Dongliu who had a cold light flashing through their pupils. They were shocked by Ye Ziling’s talent. Not only was she a decisive person, but she also had a terrifying talent in sword dao. After all, she grasped the sky sword intent when she made her breakthrough into the Empyrean Realm. There were even rumors that her sky sword intent had even reached greater mastery.

Right at this moment, cracks began to spread out on the domain, and it would be easy to escape. So Ye Ziling didn’t bother with Chu Tianhao’s group anymore and swiftly left with the other core disciples.

“She seems pretty confident this time. Brother Chu, you’re not worried at all?” Xuan Feng asked.

“I’ve been in seclusion, so I haven’t had time for the Empyrean Ranking,” replied Chu Tianhao. He didn’t want to stay any longer so he left after responding.

“That fellow seemed fine even though his saint artifact was stolen. Can it be that the rumors are true?” Xuan Feng asked with a grave expression. There were rumors that Chu Tianhao made a breakthrough to the highest stage in the King Suspend Palace. If he succeeded, he would be invincible in the Empyrean Realm.

By the time the domain broke, Lin Yun was already far away. He was at the promised location that Lil’ Purple and him decided on. But Lin Yun couldn’t relax and was even more nervous than before. “Are you done with the spiritual array?”

The reason why he could face the Heavenly Star Pavilion was thanks to the Divine Indigo Jade Bamboo Flute, Sky Sword Intent, Noble Tune, and the domain from the Silver Moon Mask. But even so, he was only barely capable of fending off the Elysium Core Realm experts.

He knew his strength well, and he had already reached his limit. So he had to rely on Lil’ Purple’s spiritual array to leave the Demon Domain. After all, the Heavenly Star Pavilion’s foundation wasn’t simple.

“Nothing can go wrong with the spiritual array prepared by this empress. With me around, no one can touch you unless an expert in the Dragon Pulse Realm appears,” smiled Lil’ Purple.

Lin Yun smiled in response when he heard that. Lil’ Purple was pretty reliable at times. With the spiritual array, he wouldn’t have to worry anymore even if an Elysium Core Realm expert appeared.

Right at this moment, a terrifying aura exploded out from the Heavenly Star Realm’s direction as a person soared through the sky. He merely swept his gaze around before he locked onto Lin Yun. Then, he charged over with a boiling killing aura. Evidently, this person was in the Dragon Pulse Realm.

“You and your unlucky mouth!” Lin Yun’s face changed under the mask as he carried Lil’ Purple and began to flee without any hesitation.