Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1142 - Profound Wither Sea, Profound Wither Great Saint

Seeing that Lin Yun had agreed to it, Feng Zhang immediately led Lin Yun towards the entrance of the sect. When they landed on the ground, Lin Yun saw Ye Ziling who was wearing a purple dress that revealed her long legs. She was as beautiful as usual, with frost on her face that made her look somewhat heroic.

Beside her was Wang Yuruo, who looked energetic compared to the cold Ye Ziling. When she saw Lin Yun, her face was full of joy.

Aside from Wang Yuruo and Ye Ziling, there were two other core disciples. Including Lin Yun and Feng Zhang, it was a good party.

At this moment, sunlight was shining down, which highlighted the beauty of Ye Ziling and Wang Yuruo. They were two completely different beauties with different demeanors, but anyone who saw them for the first time wouldn’t be able to look away. As for the two other core disciples, they weren’t weak either as they had the same cultivation as Feng Zhang. Lin Yun was inwardly startled, and he realized that Wang Yuruo had an extraordinary identity. After all, core disciples in the Galaxy Stage could be considered elites in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect.

“I thought that you wouldn’t come. She’s just fooling around, so why are you accompanying her to fool around?” Ye Ziling locked her brows together. Others didn’t know, but she knew that Lin Yun was trying to reach the limit of the Heavenly Soul Realm. She knew that time was precious to him.

“It’s fine,” smiled Lin Yun. After all, Wang Yuruo could be considered a disciple of his as he taught her ten swords of the Fleeting Cloud 13 Swords. So Lin Yun naturally had to pay attention to her first experience outside the sect. As a swordsman, it’s impossible for her to hole up in the sect or hide behind Ye Ziling for her entire life.

“Let’s go,” said Ye Ziling, waving her hand and summoning a black demonic eagle over. When everyone jumped on the eagle, the eagle unfolded its wings and bolted into the sky.

Lin Yun sensed that the speed of the demonic eagle was a lot faster than his movement technique. He sat down and observed everything that was going on.

As for Ye Ziling, she was talking to the others. Before Lin Yun traveled in the Profound Azure Prefecture with the identity of Flower Burial, Ye Ziling was practically the pillar among the disciples of the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect. So all the core disciples listened respectfully to her.

According to Lin Yun’s understanding, it wouldn’t be a problem for her to join the Sword Sect with her talent. So he wondered why she was staying in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect.

After all, there weren’t many people who could grasp sky sword intent even in the Sword Sect, and Lin Yun could sense the respect and admiration that everyone in the party had for Ye Ziling. Of course, there was her overbearing air that captivated the disciples along with her beauty. However, her personality was a little prideful as she wasn’t friendly to Lin Yun, even after she learned about his talent and strength.

Lin Yun believed himself to be a good person, so he wouldn’t hold it against Ye Ziling. Plus, it wasn’t so bad to have such a senior sister around either.

“Lin Yun!” Right at this moment, Ye Ziling’s gaze suddenly fell onto him.

“Hmmm? What’s the matter?” Lin Yun asked.

“This should be your first official trip out of the sect since you’ve come to the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect. There’s no doubt about your talent, but you’re still in the Heavenly Soul Realm. So it’s best for you to maintain a low profile. The place we’re going isn’t the same as the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect, and you might attract unwanted attention if you stand out too much. I might not even be able to protect you,” said Ye Ziling.

Lin Yun acknowledged her comment. He finally knew why she wasn’t happy that he was here. So it turns out that she believed that she needed to protect Lin Yun.

“With Senior Sister around, I believe we’ll be safe,” smiled Lin Yun while nodding his head.

“Of course!” shouted a youth next to Feng Zhang. “Senior Sister is a genius on the Empyrean Ranking who had grasped the sky sword intent. In terms of talent, she was unrivaled in the Profound Azure Prefecture. She could even obtain a position in the Ancient Barren Domain. So it’ll naturally be safe for us with her around, unlike someone who merely relied on luck to be a heavenly core disciple.”

Lin Yun was briefly stunned before he smiled bitterly. After all, he wasn’t the one who wanted the identity as a heavenly core disciple. It was forcibly given to him by the sect master.

“Who says that? Senior Brother Yun already reached the tenth sword in the Fleeting Cloud 13 Swords, and he reached complete mastery in them!” Wang Yuruo immediately defended Lin Yun.

Everyone looked at her with disbelief in their eyes. After all, the Fleeting Cloud 13 Swords were famous in the Ancient Barren Domain, and it would be impressive if a core disciple could reach greater mastery in two or three swords. However, it was too extreme for someone to reach complete mastery in all ten swords!

“Is she telling the truth?” Ye Ziling asked with shock flashing through her pupils.

“I’m just lucky,” smiled Lin Yun.

At this moment, everyone knew that they had underestimated Lin Yun, especially since he reached the manifestation stage. Furthermore, he did this while dividing his attention to practice the Azure Dragon Saint Art and the art of wielding the flute as a sword. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be difficult for Lin Yun to master the last three swords as well.

“That’s not luck! Senior Brother Yun is really formidable…” Wang Yuruo declared proudly. Meanwhile, Lin Yun smiled bitterly before glaring at her to stop. He was worried that she would reveal his achievements in the Heavenly Path.

“Your talent in the path of the sword is stronger than I imagined.” Even Ye Ziling had to admit that Lin Yun’s talent was terrifying. She was starting to realize why he was the champion of the Ninth Heavenly Path.

“It’s still alright I guess? Maybe I’m just a little stronger than the senior brothers here,” smiled Lin Yun, targeting the core disciples who were looking down on him earlier. His words instantly made them turn their heads away in embarrassment.

Although they weren’t happy, they had to admit that Lin Yun’s talent in the sword was a little incredible. Fortunately for them, Lin Yun’s cultivation was stuck in the Heavenly Soul Realm for the past six months or they would all be trampled on by him.

Ye Ziling changed the subject calmly, “The place we’re heading to is called the Profound Wither Sea. I believe everyone here knows what’s there. It’s located at the border of the Profound Azure Prefecture and many demonic cultivators stay there. So all of you have to be careful or you will really die!”

The warning was mainly for Lin Yun because the others knew what sort of place the Profound Wither Sea was.

When Lin Yun heard about the Profound Wither Sea, he was briefly stunned by it because the key he obtained from Thunderclap Sword Demon’s interspatial pouch also had the words ‘Profound Wither’ engraved on it.

After Lin Yun listened to Ye Ziling’s explanation of the Profound Wither Sea, he had a rough idea of what it was. The Profound Wither Sea was located at the border of the Profound Azure Prefecture. It was no longer part of the Divine Dragon Empire’s territory, and most people weren’t familiar with it.

Since it was a remote place, lots of demonic cultivators chose to stay there. Essentially, it was a lawless sea. However, the lawless sea would occasionally give birth to precious mines. The mines were located on islands in the sea, so the value of each island was unimaginable. The four most valuable islands were under the control of the four major sects.

The demonic cultivators frequented the islands that weren’t owned by the four major sects. So Ye Ziling was leading everyone to the Heavenly Aquatic Island that was owned by the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect. They would find several agrium metal mines on the island while they were there. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Agrium was extremely valuable in that it could be used to forge saint artifacts. Occasionally, top-tier agrium could be found with ancient saint runes already engraved on it.

Lin Yun realized that Wang Yuruo’s mission was to protect the island from any threat for a period of time.

It could be considered an easy mission because no one would be blind enough to provoke the four major sects. Even if there were occasional issues, it would be from small thieves. This made Lin Yun smile bitterly because it was no different from a holiday.

At the same time, Lin Yun also felt relieved. He might even have time to sneak away and figure out how the key was connected to the Profound Wither Sea.

After five days of traveling, the demonic eagle brought the group to the Profound Wither Sea. Lin Yun, who was dozing off, suddenly raised his head to look at the crimson sea up ahead. He could smell a strong stench of blood coming from the sea. However, the smell of blood wasn’t the reason why he woke up. In the distance, he saw a black gale that enveloped the center of the sea.

Although Lin Yun couldn’t see what it was due to the distance, he could sense the terrifying energy contained in the black wind. He had a feeling that not even the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect’s sect master would dare to intrude on the black wind.

“What’s that over there?” Lin Yun asked, pointing his finger into the distance.

“That’s the Profound Wither Sea’s forbidden ground. It’s called the Profound Wither Island, the tomb of the Profound Wither Great Saint!” Ye Ziling replied.