Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1143 - Crimson Stone Forest

Lin Yun had a feeling that Great Saint corresponded with a certain level in the Saint Realm. Those who could be called Great Saints must be terrifying existences even among saints. At the same time, Lin Yun had a feeling that Thunderclap Sword Demon was after the Profound Wither Island.

“Don’t get any funny ideas about the Profound Wither Island. All tombs of saints are forbidden regions, and there’s a prophecy that says that the Profound Wither Island will unlock a certain seal one day, granting death to all who come!” Ye Ziling warned.

“Don’t worry, I’m just a little curious. What’s the origin of this Profound Wither Great Saint? Even saints can be killed?” Saints were practically legends that people would never meet in their entire life. It was unimaginable that a saint would die.

The other core disciples in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect weren’t affected by the story because they had already listened to it countless times. There wasn’t anyone in the Profound Azure Prefecture who hadn’t heard of the legend about the Profound Wither Island.

“He’s the successor to one of the Nine Emperors, the Southern Emperor,” explained Ye Ziling briefly.

Lin Yun was shocked. The nine emperors were practically deified legends. So he couldn’t believe that the Profound Wither Great Saint was a successor of the Southern Emperor.

It had been a long time since the Nine Emperors had shown themselves, and some people thought they were already dead.

Although Lin Yun had no change on his face, he actually had great bellows in his heart because he never expected that the mysterious key would have a connection with the Southern Emperor.

The demonic eagle took a detour around the Profound Wither Island and flew at high speed for three days before arriving at the Heavenly Aquatic Island. When Lin Yun raised his head, he could see a yellow island enveloped in a faint mist. The entire island was filled with metal intent, which further proved that it was a treasure island to swordsmen. If they could train here for a long time, their attainment in the sword would swiftly improve.

The Heavenly Aquatic Island was huge, and the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect would dispatch disciples to guard the island. There were an exceptional number of disciples stationed at the agrium mines. As for the other locations, they weren’t as heavily guarded, and the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect wouldn’t cause a scene if a demonic cultivator stumbled in.

After all, the entire island was too huge to put on lockdown and the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect was too far away to provide backup. With the reputation of the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect dropping over the last few years, it became harder to guard the island.

It didn’t take long for the demonic eagle to arrive at a mine. When everyone landed on the ground, ten figures appeared. They were all core disciples of the sect. There were even some deacons around. The deacons were core disciples who had reached a certain age and had already excavated all of their potential. Since they couldn’t maintain their identity as core disciples anymore, they became deacons. Most of them were at the Astral Stage, and those who could reach the Elysium Core Realm would be promoted to an elder.

“Senior Sister!” When the ten people saw Ye Ziling, they wore respectful expressions. The party was led by a deacon in blue clothing who looked to be in his early thirties.

“Senior Brother Liu!” Ye Ziling’s expression became gentle because he had taken good care of her in the past. After Ye Ziling exchanged a few words with him, she turned to introduce Wang Yuruo and Lin Yun. “These are the core disciples that come out with me this time. You should know most of them. This is the first time Yuruo is out of the sect, and this is Lin Yun, a newly promoted heavenly core disciple in the sect…”

“Heavenly core disciple? Heavenly Soul Realm?” The group's expression became weird, but they still addressed Lin Yun as senior brother because his identity was too noble.

With a gentle smile, Ye Ziling continued, “Don't look down on him. He’s the one who ascended the Sword Saint Mountain.”

Her words instantly shocked the group as they cupped their hands together and more convincingly addressed Lin Yun as Senior Brother Lin.

“Liu Yuan greets Senior Brother Lin!” The youth cupped his hands together with a smile, “I’m afraid that none of us here are comparable to you in terms of talent since you were able to ascend the Sword Saint Mountain.”

“There’s nothing impressive about climbing the mountain,” smiled Lin Yun.

“I heard that there were some incidents on the island recently?” Ye Ziling got straight to the point.

“Yeah. The demonic beasts on the island are increasing, and some aquatic demonic beasts also came onto the island. They caught us by surprise. That’s why we asked for backup from the sect,” whispered the youth.

“Take us over there.” Ye Ziling nodded her head while Wang Yuruo’s eyes flashed with excitement.

On the other hand, Lin Yun wasn’t too interested because he was already used to seeing blood. He had a feeling that Wang Yuruo would lose interest after a few days. Of course, Wang Yuruo was the only person who looked excited. The other disciples were more interested in the gems that could be found on the islands. Plus, the reward of the mission had something to do with agrium.

Liu Yuan led everyone over to the region with increased demonic beasts and shared his speculation, “The place we’re going to is a little far from our camp where the mines are. I initially suspected that a treasure of some sort was going to appear. However, I couldn’t find anything whenever I searched… It's so strange that many demonic beasts are gathering on the island though. The only other explanation I can think of is that something is happening in the sea.”

If something was happening in the sea, it would be the appearance of a new monarch that was challenging the previous monarch for the rights to territory. It was quite common as many similar cases occurred in the past.

The place where the demonic beasts were gathered wasn’t close, so the party spent four hours traveling. When they reached the summit Liu Yuan pointed his finger down, “Over there!”

Even without him pointing out the area, everyone could sense the demonic aura in the atmosphere that felt uncomfortable. They could also see a crimson stone forest hanging below the cliff. There were towering crimson rocks erected all over the plains to create a strange forest.

Within the stone forest were many demonic beasts densely grouped together. However, they weren’t like the usual demonic beasts that Lin Yun saw because they were aquatic demonic beasts. When Lin Yun looked around, he came to the conclusion that it was impossible for this place to give birth to any treasures.

“There’s someone over there!” Lin Yun’s eyes lit up as he pointed in a direction where an individual was seated on a rock with a hood covering his head.

Liu Yuan wasn’t too bothered by the person. “There are already some demonic cultivators over here. However, they won’t invade the camp and we’re also not willing to start anything with them.”

Ye Ziling didn’t seem bothered by those demonic cultivators’ existences, which meant that she already knew about it. But many people looked at Lin Yun weirdly because he was making a huge fuss over it. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Lin Yun smiled before he replied, “Ignore what I said then.”

If it was someone else, they would naturally be attracted to the appearance of such a weirdly dressed demonic cultivator, but it seemed normal in the Profound Wither Sea. Liu Yuan then guided everyone's attention towards the depth of the stone forest. They could see that it was enveloped in a faint blood mist as Liu Yuan started to speak, “There are some Astral Stage overlord demonic beasts over there…”

His words made Ye Ziling’s party lock their brows together because Astral Stage overlord demonic beasts were somewhat troublesome. If all of them charged at the camp, the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect would be in trouble.

It made sense why Liu Yuan was seeking backup from the sect. Fortunately for him, Ye Ziling was here. Otherwise, the situation could have been even more dangerous.

“Let’s go in and take a look. It will be good if we can talk things out with it. But if we can’t, we’ll have to kill it,” said Ye Ziling with a cold light flashing across her pupils.

“There are too many demonic beasts gathered over there, so it’ll take a lot of time for us to enter,” said Feng Zhang with her brows locked together.

“It’s simple,” said Ye Ziling before she waved her hand. Then, she unleashed a dazzling sword ray towards the stone forest.

Roars from all over the forest could be heard as a cloud of dust rose up behind countless demonic beasts running away. The demonic beasts were filled with fear when they sensed the sky sword intent. So it didn’t take long for all the Galaxy Stage demonic beasts to run away along with some demonic cultivators.

Feng Zhang wore an awkward expression on his face as he shut his mouth.

“The sky sword intent is really impressive.” The other core disciples accompanying Ye Ziling were looking at Ye Ziling with envy. They were impressed with the way she chased all the demonic beasts away with a single sword ray.

“Let’s go!” Ye Ziling took the lead while everyone else followed behind. They were tracking the demonic aura and ran into several Astral Stage overlord demonic beasts who could speak the human tongue. Through their conversation, they were able to find out that the sea had been chaotic recently. It turned out that the demonic beasts were here because they wanted to avoid the disaster.

Ye Ziling took a strong stance and the demonic beasts agreed to leave in seven days. However, Lin Yun’s eyes flickered because he could sense that something wasn’t right about this situation. He had a feeling that the demonic beasts weren’t being honest, but he couldn’t find any evidence to back up his speculation.

“Humans! Get lost from my territory!” Just when everyone thought that they had completed their task, an eerie voice sounded out from the forest that instantly made everyone freeze. It was the voice of an Astral Stage monarch demonic beast.