Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1144 - Heroic Demeanor

As a cloud of dust rose in the stone forest, a colossal figure appeared in everyone’s view accompanied by an eerie howl. It was an enormous python who was taller than the rocks in the forest.

Its enormous size made everyone feel pressured as they could see each azure scale full of metallic luster and the ferocity in the python’s eyes. Furthermore, it was highly intelligent since it could speak the human tongue.

A strong smell of saltwater was coming from the Azure Python. Additionally, it was clear to see that the python had a monarch bloodline that made it a king among Azure Pythons. So it was invincible among those in the same cultivation.

It was strange that the Azure Python was here because it should have a territory in the sea. And the only reason why it hadn’t attacked yet was because it was fearful of Ye Ziling’s existence.

“You shouldn’t be here,” said Ye Ziling indifferently as she looked at the Azure Python.

“Azure Python King, our Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect has interacted with you previously, and we respected your territory in the sea. Plus, we’ve never crossed the line with you,” said Liu Yuan.

As the Azure Python’s eyes flashed coldly, it replied, “Something happened in the sea and my territory was seized. This stone forest is my new territory, and the other demonic beasts came here following me. Don’t push it or all of you will die here. At that time, the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect will say goodbye to this island!”

“How arrogant. We could have negotiated if you were only going to stay here briefly. But it looks like there’s no need for us to negotiate anymore!” Ye Ziling’s eyes flashed coldly. “Don’t think that I’m afraid of you just because you’re a monarch demonic beast. This isn’t the sea!”

Lin Yun realized that the Azure Python didn’t attack because it wasn’t in the sea. It wouldn’t be able to unleash its full prowess despite being a monarch demonic beast because of the surroundings.

“There’s something strange about this stone forest. The other demonic beasts might not know anything, but this Azure Python certainly knows something.” Ye Ziling transmitted her voice to everyone, signaling that this battle was unavoidable.

There was no way that Ye Ziling believed the Azure Python’s words. After all, it made no sense for an aquatic demonic beast to suddenly occupy a territory on land, not to mention an island belonging to the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect. It would be weird if the Azure Python wasn’t hiding a secret.

All the core disciples prepared themselves because they knew it would be impossible to let the python do as it pleased. Plus, they needed to figure out the python’s secret. Demonic beasts were a lot more sensitive compared to humans, so it knew something they didn’t know. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Lin Yun, you stay behind to look after Yuruo,” said Ye Ziling before she unleashed her sky sword intent and tore the Azure Python’s aura apart. In the next second, everyone charged toward the Azure Python. They were all pretty decisive the moment they made their decision.

Is it because of Ye Ziling? Lin Yun turned to look at Ye Ziling who emitted a dazzling sword ray from her body. Wielding her sword, she was facing the aura of the Azure Python all by herself.

Quickly, she unleashed a dazzling sword ray that lit up the entire horizon. Seeing this sword ray, Lin Yun instantly recognized that it was the first sword of the Fleeting Cloud 13 Swords.

“Lass, you’re courting death!” The Azure Python was outraged as ferocity flashed in its eyes. Then, the Azure Python began to shrink in size until it transformed into a snake-human hybrid that wielded a black trident.

The Azure Python brandished its trident fearlessly, sending everyone back before facing Ye Ziling’s attack. When the azure python’s attack collided with Ye Ziling’s attack, countless rocks were smashed into bits. The collision was so great that the weaker cultivators were pushed 100 meters backwards. It seemed like the group was still too weak to face an Astral Stage monarch demonic beast.

Lin Yun immediately grabbed hold of Wang Yuruo and retreated to a stone rock just when the shockwave was about to reach them. Wang Yuruo’s face had turned pale at this scene because it was unlike anything she could have imagined.

“Senior Brother Yun, senior sister will be fine, right?” Wang Yuruo asked with her voice trembling.

“I don’t know.” Lin Yun replied with a grave expression. He knew that Ye Ziling was strong, but he had never seen her full strength before. Furthermore, the azure python wasn’t a pushover since it could take on a humanoid form. Although it wasn’t a perfect human form, it was undeniably a lot stronger now.

“Then what should we do?” Wang Yuruo was full of panic as she clearly wasn’t prepared for such an intense battle.

“What else can we do?” Lin Yun replied without any change on his face. “We can only hope for Ye Ziling’s victory.”

Wang Yuruo had been living in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect’s safe environment and hadn’t witnessed the brutality of the world. Even if she couldn’t participate in this fight, it was still beneficial for her to watch.

Wang Yuruo looked at Lin Yun and noticed that Lin Yun wasn’t like the person she usually saw. It felt as though he had become a stranger all of a sudden, giving her a cold and dark feeling. She gnashed her teeth with her fist tightly clenched, but she still didn’t say a word.

“Is this the best the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect can do? Who do you think you are to fight with me?!” The Azure Python laughed as it unleashed a powerful storm intent through its trident that tore through the sword aura of the core disciples. The attack was so strong that a majority of the core disciples were bleeding from their lips.

Luckily, Ye Ziling took the majority of the force or else they would have died. Suddenly, a cold figure streaked past the python, leaving a sinister gash on its body. It wailed in pain once it was hit.

“Everyone retreat, I’ll take over.” Ye Ziling said while she pushed her sword intent to the limit.

“This woman!” The azure python’s eyes flashed with a crimson light and lightning flickering on its black trident as it charged towards Ye Ziling.

Ye Ziling unleashed another Azure Bird from her body as her sword ray tore the storm apart. Ye Ziling, who was only in the Galaxy Stage, managed to send the Azure Python flying.

“Firmament Stirring Clouds!” Ye Ziling roared again and unleashed another dazzling sword ray from her sword that manifested into a terrifying phenomenon.

“Complete mastery?” Lin Yun widened his mouth in surprise. Although Ye Ziling’s comprehension hadn’t reached his level, she relied on her strong comprehension to bring the technique to complete mastery. Although she probably didn’t know, the phenomenon she had created vaguely looked like two colossal peaks.

Lin Yun realized that he had underestimated Ye Ziling. Then again, anyone that could grasp sky sword intent wouldn’t be mediocre. Plus, she was also ranked within the top 20,000 on the Empyrean Ranking.

“How arrogant!” The Azure Python flew into a rage and let out a ferocious roar, brandishing its trident. When it swung its trident, it formed a violent storm that made the atmosphere cold. In the blink of an eye, a colossal wave was formed.

When the sword and trident clashed, the collision produced a resounding shockwave that swept through the surroundings. Wang Yuruo’s face turned pale as a trace of blood dripping from the corner of her lips. Lin Yun saw it and praised her in his mind because she didn’t let out a sound even though she was hit by the shockwave.

He could have blocked the shockwave for her if he really wanted, but he knew that she was here to train. So he allowed her to suffer a bit.

Initially, everyone felt worried by the collision. However, the worry was quickly replaced with joy because they saw the trident break in half.

At this moment, the Azure Python began to panic and decided to escape. But just when it was about to turn around, it suddenly opened its mouth and spat out green venom.

Even from afar, Lin Yun could smell the terrible stench of venmo. He watched as the venom corroded Ye Ziling’s sword ray and astral energy. However, Ye Ziling charged right through the venom and stabbed her sword into the heart of the Azure Python. The Azure Python let out a painful howl as blood and scales started falling from the sky.

In the next second, the Azure Python was forced back into its original form. Ye Ziling was prepared for this so she retreated back and looked at the python coldly with the demeanor of a true heroine.

The python stared at Ye Ziling fearfully before it swept its tail out and turned around to flee. Coincidentally, it was running in Lin Yun and Wang Yuruo’s direction.