Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1148 - Birth of the Origin Stone (2)

“Big Brother Liu, can the gallbladder clear Senior Sister’s poison?” Wang Yuruo asked with her eyes shining brightly.

“It should.” Liu Yuan nodded. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When Liu Yuan gave his confirmation, Liu Qingyan’s face became ugly and awkward. So it turned out that Lin Yun didn’t stay behind because he wanted the Azure Python’s materials but because he was finding a solution for Ye Ziling’s poison. In fact, the gallbladder even put Lin Yun in great danger.

“Hmph!” Wang Yuruo looked at Liu Qingyan unhappily, causing the latter to lower his head in embarrassment.

As for Ye Ziling, she took the jade bottle containing the gallbladder and began to refine it immediately without any hesitation. When Lin Yun saw that she was so straightforward, he smiled. Then, he sat in front of the bonfire with everyone else, “I collected the materials of the Azure Python’s corpse. To express my gratitude to everyone, let me treat all of you to some barbeque.”

Barbeque? Everyone was confused by Lin Yun’s words. However, they understood what was going on the minute Lin Yun took out the meat of the Azure Python.

“Although the vitality of the Azure Python isn’t comparable to the Draconic Python, it’s still a monarch demonic beast. The meat I took from it contains the essence of the Azure Python, which will benefit every single one of you. Fortunately, the meat will be more tender than if we were eating the Draconic Python…” Lin Yun smiled.

“All you are good for is boasting. You talk like you’ve killed a Draconic Python in the past,” muttered Liu Qingyan.

Once again, Lin Yun ignored Liu Qingyan and took out his tools for the barbeque and began dazzling everyone with his culinary skills.

After an hour, the python meat emitted a fragrance that captivated everyone’s stomach.

“You think you’re worthy to be a heavenly core disciple just because you know how to roast meat?” Liu Qingyan muttered before he turned his head away despite his stomach rumbling.

“Hahaha, come!” Lin Yun laughed and signaled for Liu Qingyan to come over. Liu Qingyan was confused that Lin Yun was handing the roasted meat to him, but he still let Lin Yun shove the meat into his mouth.

“All you do is talk. Stop talking and eat,” smiled Lin Yun.

“Hahaha!” Everyone in the party laughed when they heard Lin Yun’s words. Then, Liu Yuan spoke with a smile, “Senior Brother Lin, give me some as well.”

“Me! Me too!” Wang Yuruo puffed her cheeks out, fearing that all the meat would be eaten.

Even Feng Zhang rubbed his hands together, “Senior Brother Lin, can I have some too?”

“Of course!” Lin Yun smiled and gave everyone a share of the meat. Although Liu Qingyan was unhappy with Lin Yun, he couldn’t help feeling amazed at the delicious food. His face even turned red because the meat was so good.

Lin Yun specifically cut the meat where the essence of the Azure Python was. With his barbeque skills, there was no way that the mat wouldn’t taste good.

Everyone felt a surge of vitality in their bodies after they finished eating their first portion. After all, they ate the meat of a monarch demonic beast. So it didn’t take long for everyone to start fighting for more.

Lin Yun turned his head around to see Ye Ziling leaning against a stone pillar. Her face regained its rosy colors since she was done refining the gallbladder. Clearly, she expelled a majority of the poison.

Lin Yun handed a share of the roasted meat over to her with a smile, “Lady Ye, try some. I made it myself. It should taste great.”

Ye Ziling nodded her head and took the roasted meat, but she wasn’t in a hurry to eat it.

When everyone was done eating, their eyes began to flash with exhaustion from their long day. At the same time, the bottlenecks that everyone had in their cultivation had loosened, so the group closed their eyes and began to refine the vitality from the meat.

Even Lin Yun was also focused on refining the meat. After all, he was injured from his fight and he needed to recover as fast as possible.

Thanks to his powerful physique and the vitality from the meat, his injuries were healing at a rapid speed. When he was done, he opened his eyes to a quiet campsite.

Raising his head, Lin Yun looked as sunlight started to peak over the horizon. Suddenly, Lin Yun turned his head around and saw that Ye Ziling was nowhere to be seen. All that was left was the untouched meat that Lin Yun handed her.

Wondering where she had gone, Lin Yun stood up and walked until he spotted Ye Ziling’s figure. She was standing on a crimson stone pillar with remnants of silver moonlight shining down on her. Lin Yun was even dazed by her beauty for a split second.

Ye Ziling wore a gentle expression as she looked at the moon barely in the sky, “A sorrowful song to seek someone who understands your song… You’re always thinking about others in your songs. Even when you think about yourself, you’re only thinking about the sword in your hand and never truly for yourself.”

Lin Yun smiled awkwardly when he heard that. So it turns out that what Wang Yuruo was telling him the truth that Ye Ziling dozed off whenever she looked at the moon.

Suddenly, a breeze blew by and Ye Ziling appeared before Lin Yun, returning to her cold demeanor.

“You’re different from what I imagined. You didn’t show your temper even when Liu Qingyan berated you,” said Ye Ziling as she looked at Lin Yun.

“Because he’s not a bad person,” smiled Lin Yun. Then again, Ye Ziling had never met a genuinely bad person, so she had no idea how bad they could be.

Soon, Lin Yun thought about his experience on the Heavenly Path, and how the three realm sons set up a trap for him. They were genuinely bad, and Liu Qingyan couldn’t even be considered a child compared to them.

Hearing what Lin Yun said, Ye Ziling was surprised. “I take back my previous words. You have many good features aside from your good looks.”

Her words left Lin Yun briefly stunned because her praise sounded a little weird. Lin Yun smiled awkwardly before he changed the topic, “It appears that you have something on your mind? Are you still worried about Qin Feng?”

“I’m not afraid of the demonic cultivators in the Profound Wither Sea. I’m only afraid that we’ll run into the one ranked first…” Ye Ziling didn’t say that person’s name, but Lin Yun could see the fear flashing through her pupils. Suddenly, Ye Ziling paused and turned to look at Lin Yun before she asked, “Lin Yun, do you know how to play the flute?”

Lin Yun was completely caught off guard with how fast she changed the topic. Seeing that Lin Yun was silent, Ye Ziling spoke in a disappointed tone, “Nevermind.”

“Actually, I do know how to play a little,” smiled Lin Yun.

His response made Ye Ziling’s eyes light up as she asked, “Can you play a song for me?”

Lin Yun began to hesitate, but he managed to convince himself to play. As soon as he took out his jade flute, Ye Ziling’s eyes suddenly dimmed down as she sighed, “Nevermind. There are many people who know how to play the flute, but there’s only one Flower Burial.”

After she was done speaking, she left Lin Yun all by himself. As he stood in the wind, he couldn’t help but shake his head.

Over the next few days, everyone acted a lot friendlier. It was a noticeable change that occurred after the barbeque session. The group was more harmonious than before, especially after Ye Ziling managed to dispel the poison from her body.

Five days later, blood flames suddenly appeared on the ground with an ancient yet primal aura. Then the sudden phenomenon manifested a dragon that soared into the sky.

“The origin stone has appeared!” A nervous voice sounded out from everyone’s mouth.