Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1157 - Intoxicating Flute Music (1)

Lin Yun had finally exhausted all of his strength when he killed the last demonic cultivator. Once he finished, he roared loudly to let out all of his emotions.

He was covered in wounds and his internal organs were injured. He kept coughing up blood, which made his aura fade.

Lin Yun removed the mask from his face as he gasped for air. He collapsed to the ground with blood streaming out of his eyes. It had been a long time since he slaughtered so many people that he felt exhausted. It was also the first time that he had been in such a dangerous situation ever since coming to Kunlun Realm.

Although the commotion he created back in the Demon Realm was huge, he had planned everything out. He had Lil’ Purple helping him out in setting up ancient spiritual arrays, not to mention the power of the full moon.

In reality, he had never clashed with an expert of the Elysium Core Realm seriously in the previous battle. He only pushed the Dustlight Sword Art to the limit and sent a few Elysium Core Realm experts flying.

If it wasn’t for the fact that Lei Ying was injured, he wouldn’t be confident to defeat Lei Ying even with the noble tune and the Divine Indigo Jade Bamboo Flute.

Lei Ying could even slay two elders in the Elysium Core Realm, so Lin Yun couldn’t imagine how strong Lei Ying was at full strength. Clearly, Lei Ying had a huge origin. If Lei Ying wasn’t injured and was cautious enough, perhaps the outcome would have been different.

After Lin Yun threw up another mouthful of blood, his consciousness began to blur. His injuries were too serious, and his physique had reached its limit.

Despite his heavy eyelids, Lin Yun put away the Silver Moon Mask before collapsing to the ground. The moment he collapsed, the sword box began to tremble violently while the origin stone began to struggle.

Without Lin Yun suppressing the sword box, the sword box ultimately opened. When the origin stone flew out and shined brightly, the saint runes engraved on it emitted an ancient aura that lit up the surroundings with a terrifying aura. When the terrifying aura swept out of the origin stone, the sky instantly turned crimson.

If someone was here, they would be able to see an ancient golden spiritual rune on the origin stone. The aura that the spiritual stone was giving off was close to a divine aura. It felt like a genuine dragon was emitting a terrifying spiritual aura.

With the light shining from the origin stone, the surroundings were lit up. In the end, the light fixed onto Lin Yun like a devilish light. The origin stone looked like a venomous viper that had found its prey.

But just when it was about to act, the Azure Dragon Saint Art began to circulate without Lin Yun’s control as purple-golden dragon runes appeared on Lin Yun’s body. When the dragon runes came together, they shined brightly.

When all the dragon runes were formed, an azure dragon the size of an arm manifested with greed shining from its pupils. This made the origin stone feel afraid as it struggled to escape. But when the azure dragon emitted the aura of a monarch, it charged forward and devoured the origin stone. The moment it devoured the origin stone, wisps of black mist emitted out of the origin stone accompanied by a horrifying shriek.

The azure dragon flew around and ultimately flew into the Azure Dragon Mark located in Lin Yun’s heart. When the azure dragon flew into the Azure Dragon Mark, the entire mark began to transform. It refined Lin Yun’s blood, flesh, and skeleton, allowing Lin Yun’s physique to undergo a transformation.

A brief moment later, surges of saint aura swept out from Lin Yun’s pores, helping his injuries rapidly recover. This was a sign that Lin Yun’s physique was transforming into the Azure Dragon Saint Physique!

The Blood Flame Dragon Rune Metal wanted to devour Lin Yun, but it didn’t realize that it was the Azure Dragon Saint Art’s prey. In the end, the origin stone received the fate that it deserved. After all, it kept trying to escape Lin Yun’s sword box and even tried to devour Lin Yun.

While Lin Yun’s physique underwent a transformation, the area of the stone forest where the battle took place was turned into ruins. The only region that was untouched was Ye Ziling’s immediate surroundings.

Right now, Ye Ziling was enveloped in flames as she was absorbing the medicinal effect of the Nirvana Pellet. She was being reborn through fire.

Once she gained consciousness, she slowly opened her eyes. The depths of her pupils had a purple Radiant Snow Flower blooming like bright flames. In the next second, a terrifying aura swept out of her body. She had broken through her bottleneck and reached the last phase of the Empyrean Realm, the Astral Stage.

When Ye Ziling opened her eyes and looked at the mess in the surroundings, she wasn’t too shocked by what she was seeing. She simply closed her eyes and started painting her own constellation. As the clouds in the sky split apart, starlight shined down from the sky and enveloped Ye Ziling like a pillar of light.

The Nirvana Pellet not only brought her back to life, but it also allowed her to make a breakthrough in her cultivation. She was lucky because she managed to fully excavate her potential through life and death to reach the Astral Stage. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

At this moment, she had no hindrances as she painted her own constellation. Furthermore, she already knew what constellation she wanted. Just like that, four hours passed before the painting behind Ye Ziling unfolded.

The painting was gorgeous scenery with an emerald blue sky and a serene ocean. At the center of it was a bridge formed with 36 white cranes. Furthermore, there was a woman standing on one of the cranes. Her face was unclear, but anyone would be able to sense the heroic aura that she was exuding.

From afar, it looked like a woman was walking on a bridge formed by cranes. It was Ye Ziling’s constellation, the Sky Path Cranes.

The feathers of the cranes were snow-white, and each of them emitted the aura of a monarch. Furthermore, they possessed the bloodline of a phoenix, so they were called the White Phoenixes in ancient times.

Then, Ye Ziling opened her eyes and stored the constellation back into her body. Once she was ready, she started to look at the ruins in front of her.

At the same time, the battle between Flower Burial and Lei Ying began to replay in her eyes. Ye Ziling didn’t utter a word as she watched the battle between Flower Burial and Lei Ying. When she saw Flower Burial being suppressed by the gigantic palm, her heart couldn’t help trembling. After all, Flower Burial stood before her to protect her.

The images were blurred, and she could roughly see Flower Burial covered in blood at the final battle. When Flower Burial swung his sword to kill Xiao Kun, all the images suddenly shattered like a mirror and disappeared.

“Who is he…” Ye Ziling muttered, “Silver hair… That must be a disguise. But then there’s that silver sword box!”

To be honest, there was nothing special about Flower Burial’s appearance except for his silver sword box. The Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect was a sect meant specifically for those who wanted to practice the sword. Naturally, many people had a sword box to store their swords. However, she had never seen anyone with a silver sword box in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect.