Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 121 - Monkey Wine

“Lil’ Red” said a smiling Lin Yun. He was feeling despair and powerlessness a second ago. He had resigned himself to fate to be killed by the hyenas. Although he had forgotten about this fool’s existence, Lil’ Red came when he needed help the most.

The Dragon Blooded Horse ran into the woods when it saw Lin Yun’s state. Lin Yun was puzzled by this, but the Dragon Blooded Horse quickly returned with a tree branch. The tree branch had several spiritual fruits on it that emitted an enticing fragrance.

Lin Yun was hungry, thirsty, and weak. Therefore, his eyes lit up when he saw the fruits.

“Thank you, Lil’ Red.” Lin Yun was touched and placed a few fruits into his mouth. He hadn’t unlocked his mouth orifice, so he still needed to consume food. He was solely focused on his cultivation during the last fifteen days, so he was starving.

The fruits entered his stomach and he could feel his energy coming back to him. He attempted to move and discovered that his body was once again responding to his thoughts. However, he still felt tired.

Seeing Lin Yun get up made the Dragon Blooded Horse so happy that it started to neigh.

“Are you telling me to get on your back?” asked Lin Yun when he saw Lil’ Red wink at him.

The Dragon Blooded Horse nodded its head. Lin Yun had a feeling that the horse wanted to bring him somewhere, so he mounted it without any hesitation.

Clatter! Clatter! Clatter!

The Dragon Blooded Horse bolted through the woods like it was running on flat ground. It ran through the woods and passed many remote regions before stopping in front of a mountain stream.

The stream splashed down from a cliff, creating a pond full of spiritual aura.

When Lin Yun saw this scene, his eyes lit up. This place wasn’t any inferior to the Wan Clan’s Eighth Grade Spiritual Lake. It would be extremely beneficial for his injuries.

Knowing what the Dragon Blooded Horse meant, Lin Yun patted its neck and replied, “Thanks.”

Lin Yun recalled that he still had a Fourth Grade Lava Core remaining. He had kept it for the Dragon Blooded Horse. Since the Dragon Blooded Horse was a fire elemental demonic beast, he figured that it would be nourishment for it.

The Dragon Blooded Horse’s eyes were fixated on the Lava Core. It whipped out its tongue and stuffed the Lava Core into its mouth to chew.

What did I just witness? The corner of Lin Yun’s lips twitched at this site. This fool is chewing on a Lava Core?

It was unbelievable. The Lava Core was made from Yang Origin Stone. It was the strongest material that could only be found in the Flame Vein!

Crack!

Suddenly, a brittle crack sounded out. The Dragon Blooded Horse had broken a tooth while it happily chewed on the Lava Core.

“Neighhhhh…” The Dragon Blooded Horse wailed out in pain. Tears flowed down its cheeks. Suddenly, it was enveloped by flames as it was beginning to absorb the Lava Core.

Clatter! Clatter! Clatter!

The Dragon Blooded Horse started hopping around and ran into the woods. It was quite the hilarious scene to see a horse laughing and crying at the same time.

Lin Yun was having a tough time holding back his laughter. In the end, he couldn’t help it and burst out laughing. That fool was still the fool he knew.

“Hmm this place is pretty good… It has a nice scenery and is filled with spiritual energy…”

Plop!

Lin Yun jumped into the pool and began to cultivate, absorbing the spiritual energy. The pool couldn’t be considered a treasure, but it was what he needed right now.

Under the nourishment of spiritual energy, Lin Yun’s wounds recovered at a visible rate. When Lin Yun examined his body’s condition, he noticed that the golden cyclone in his Dantian was revolving differently.

The Fiery Demon Seal had fused with the cyclone in the form of a crimson core. It caused his spiritual energy to contain a trace of soft energy. It was also much stronger than before.

“Interesting… Is this the fortune after a disaster?” questioned Lin Yun while smiling. The lightning tribulation had nearly taken his life, but it allowed his Fiery Demon Battle Physique to reach perfection instead of merely stopping at the eighth grade.

Now, in his base form, without the Fiery Demon Battle Physique transformation, Lin Yun’s current physique was comparable to the initial Fiery Demon Physique transformation.

A little while later, Lin Yun completely recovered from his injuries. He jumped out from the pond and landed on the shore. Raising his head, he tied his damp hair together.

Standing under the gloomy mountain, Lin Yun’s face was illuminated by the sun that pierced through the gap between the tree leaves. His facial features were defined, akin to the immortals that were drawn in portraits. Wearing a smile, he exuded an alluring charm.

“WHORAHHHHH!” Suddenly a demonic beast’s roar echoed out from the woods. Knitting his brows, Lin Yun vaporized the beads of water on his body and headed to the sound.

Lin Yun saw the Dragon Blooded Horse refining the Lava Core on an empty ground. It emitted a horrifying aura signifying that it had reached a crucial point in its refinement.

Standing about a thousand meters away, a monkey was dangling from a colossal tree branch. Its eyes were glowing red, looking at the Dragon Blooded Horse greedily.

The monkey emitted an aura in the sixth orifice of the Xiantian Realm. It also gave off a faint aura of royal prestige. Lin Yun immediately figured out that this monkey wasn’t just a sixth orifice demonic beast. It was a Demonic Monkey King!

Demonic Monkey Kings were intelligent demonic beasts and this one could tell that the Dragon Blooded Horse possessed a beast core. Therefore, it was waiting for the right opportunity to kill the Dragon Blooded Horse for its beast core.

While Lin Yun observed the Demonic Monkey, the monkey turned and stared right back at him. Its eyes flickered with a sly glow while it determined Lin Yun’s strength. A moment later, the Demonic Monkey wore a mocking grin.

The monkey did not feel threatened by Lin Yun’s third orifice cultivation.

Whoosh!

The Demonic Monkey gently swung from branch to branch silently. It landed behind Lin Yun and brandished its sharp claws at Lin Yun’s shoulder.

It was cunning and knew that an attack directed at the back of the head was easy to dodge. As long as its claws could touch Lin Yun, it would tear Lin Yun into two. Even though it did not have a robust figure, it was still a Demonic Monkey King. It could easily tear a demonic beast in the same cultivation into pieces.

Relying on its swift mobility and attacking speed, it could easily kill an ordinary fifth orifice cultivator.

Crack!

But when the Demonic Monkey’s claw landed on Lin Yun, it was shocked to discover that its claws couldn’t tear into Lin Yun’s flesh. All it did was rip Lin Yun’s clothes and leave a faint mark on Lin Yun’s skin.

In the next moment, Lin Yun transformed into the Fiery Demon Battle Physique. A blood radiance burst out from his skin and his body began to swell. He looked like a flawlessly sculptured blade.

Boom!

Lin Yun turned around and threw a punch at the Demonic Monkey. The force behind his punch rippled out and blew the Demonic Monkey away. It rolled away like a ball and smashed through the trees.

The Demonic Monkey grimaced and unleashed its killing aura. But just when it was about to retaliate, it was shocked to discover that its internal organs were in pieces. The soft energy contained in Lin Yun’s punch had blown up the Demonic Monkey’s internal organs.

Horrified, the Demonic Monkey fled

Rustle! Rustle! Rustle!

After a few swings through the branches, the Demonic Monkey disappeared.

“What speed!” Lin Yun was dumbfounded. If Lin Yun hadn’t reached the Fiery Demon Battle Physique, there was no way he could fight the Demonic Monkey.

Boom!

Meanwhile, the Dragon Blooded Horse finally made a breakthrough, emitting an aura in the fifth orifice of the Xiantian Realm.

Looking at the grin that the Dragon Blooded Horse showed him, Lin Yun immediately knew what Lil’ Red meant jumped on its back.

Rustle! Rustle! Rustle!

The Dragon Blooded Horse bolted through the woods like a flash of crimson lightning. A brief moment later, they caught sight of the Demonic Monkey.

Chip! Chip!

The Demonic Monkey was terrified when it turned around. The monkey scratched its head and increased its speed.

But how could it be faster than the Dragon Blooded Horse?

As for Lin Yun, he couldn’t open his eyes while riding horseback because of the wind. Finally, they chased the monkey to the waist of a mountain. Lin Yun could hear chipping sounds coming from the mountain and he instantly figured out that this was the monkey’s den.

He roughly calculated that there were at least a hundred Demonic Monkeys, but their strength wasn’t strong. Only the Demonic Monkey King’s cultivation had reached the sixth orifice. The rest were mostly in the third or fourth orifice and a select few were in the fifth.

Chip! Chip! Chip!

When the Demonic Monkey King reached the den, it no longer ran and started commanding the troop of monkeys.

“Great timing!” laughed Lin Yun. He wanted to test the Fiery Demon Battle Physique and these monkeys presented him with the perfect opportunity to do so.

Undying Vajra Seal!

A ring of dazzling radiance exploded at some of the monkeys. Lin Yun laughed and took advantage of the fact that the Undying Vajra Seal still hadn’t dissipated to execute the Ferocious Tiger Fist.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

His physique’s power had perfectly combined with his spiritual energy, so he only gave each monkey one punch. A brief moment later, the ground was littered with corpses. Although there wasn’t any damage to the corpses, the internal organs of the monkeys were in pieces. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

“WORAHHH!” The Demonic Monkey King hammered its chest, causing the other monkeys to disperse while it dived deep into the forest.

Lin Yun withdrew the Fiery Demon Battle Physique with a smile and the crimson radiance on his body dissipated. He couldn’t be bothered to chase after the Demonic Monkey King.

However, the Dragon Blooded Horse did not want to let this matter rest so easily and it chased after the Demonic Monkey King.

“Hey… let’s just give up,” said Lin Yun.

He feared that the Dragon Blooded Horse might suffer, so he helplessly followed it along. He kept the Dragon Blooded Horse in his sight at all times. However, when they reached the mountain top, the Dragon Blooded Horse suddenly turned and disappeared.

“What?” Lin Yun knitted his brows at this. Were there traps in this mountain? With the monkey’s intelligence, there was a possibility that it had placed traps earlier.

Thinking that it might be a trap, Lin Yun quickened his speed. When he reached the corner, he discovered a cave hidden under the bush. There was an opening in the bush that Lin Yun could tell was created by the Dragon Blooded Horse. It had torn open a path with its body.

“It smells nice,” said Lin Yun as he caught a fragrant scent... that smells like alcohol?

What the hell was going on? Alcohol fragrance in the middle of the mountain? Could it be that someone reared these monkeys?

Perplexed, Lin Yun walked into the cave and heard splashing sounds along with familiar chippings.

When Lin Yun went further in, he was surprised to discover that there were crudely made jars on the walls. Each of them were sealed with tree branches.

The fragrance was intoxicating and Lin Yun could feel his muscles relaxing.

Could it be...the legendary monkey wine?

Lin Yun rejoiced when he saw hundreds of jars on the walls. But he suppressed his excitement and went further in. There seemed to be a story between the Dragon Blooded Horse and Demonic Monkey King.