Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 122 - Radiant Pavilion’s Young Sect Master

The interior of the cave was complex. Lin Yun had to follow the noise before he found the Dragon Blooded Horse. There was a pool, filled with monkey wine, that had a rich and mellow aroma.

The Dragon Blooded Horse was standing by the lake, gulping down the wine. On the other hand, the Demonic Monkey King was hanging from a thick stalactite, grimacing while anxiously scratching its head.

It was wounded and didn’t dare to fight the Dragon Blooded Horse. In the end, it could only throw rocks at the Dragon Blooded Horse.

Whoosh!

When the rocks flew over, the Dragon Blooded Horse was briefly stunned before easily dodging the rocks. Raising its head, the Dragon Blooded Horse grinned at the Demonic Monkey King. However, with its broken tooth, it looked idiotic.

Looking at the Dragon Blooded Horse, there was nothing the Demonic Monkey King could do except hammer its chest.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The Demonic Monkey King could only keep throwing the stones and the Dragon Blooded Horse easily dodged them and continued gulping down the monkey wine. It was relaxed and whenever it was in the mood, it would mess with the Demonic Monkey King.

When Lin Yun saw this scene, he wore a smile on his face.

Monkey Wine!

Legend has it that the Monkey Wine was produced by the Primordial Spiritual Ape. It was made from all sorts of fruits found in the mountain, famed for its taste and aroma. Furthermore, it was also beneficial to cultivators. It could strengthen the senses, physique, and cultivation. It was a favorite amongst wine lovers.

But it was a pity that only the monkey clan knew how to brew it. The humans couldn’t brew it no matter how much they learned. Additionally, not all monkeys know how to brew it. Only those who had awoken their ancestor’s memory were able to do so. However, it was rare for any monkey to wake the memories in their bloodline.

Hanging on the colossal stalactite, the Demonic Monkey King panicked when it saw Lin Yun.

Lin Yun responded with a smile. He did not have any intention of killing the Demonic Monkey King. After all, it was a pity to kill one that knew how to brew the monkey wine.

On the other hand, the Dragon Blooded Horse had no idea that Lin Yun had come. Lil’ Red had gotten drunk from the wine and collapsed onto the ground.

Lin Yun swept his glance around and saw a few wine cups to the side, which must have been obtained when the monkeys robbed cultivators.

Picking up a cup, Lin Yun scooped up some wine and drank it. The wine entered his mouth, tasting sweet and refreshing. The fragrance lingered in his mouth, even after he swallowed it down.

Without noticing it, Lin Yun had already drank five cups. But when he went for the sixth cup, he suddenly got dizzy. His face had turned red from the alcohol and he was shocked.

The intoxication swept through his body, making him feel as if he was floating in the sky.

“What a strong kick!” exclaimed Lin Yun who shook his head to clear his mind. He had gotten intoxicated without him knowing.

Fwoosh!

Suddenly, a warm current burst out and traveled throughout his body. The coursing warm current made his body feel terrific. His aura started to surge at this moment.

He had crossed the third orifice of the Xiantian Realm into the fourth. Mist came out from his body and the intoxication Lin Yun felt from the alcohol disappeared.

“I...broke through?” Lin Yun was baffled. He never expected that the monkey wine would have such a miraculous effect.

But the monkey wine wasn’t the actual reason why he made a breakthrough. If anyone had taken the Dragoncloud Fruit or Eighth Grade Lava Core, they would be able to make a breakthrough easily.

However, Lin Yun’s aptitude was terrible, so he needed both to make one breakthrough. Even so, he was only halfway through the fourth orifice of the Xiantian Realm. The monkey wine simply helped him take the next step.

“For this orifice...let’s go with the legs.”

Whoosh!

Among the six orifices revolving in his chest, another one lit up. This signified that Lin Yun had crossed into the fourth orifice of the Xiantian Realm. He had now unlocked his eyes, ears, hands, and legs orifice. He was only left with the mouth, nose, and heart orifices.

Half an hour later, Lin Yun opened his eyes, “Now that I think about it, I should be sixteen now. The requirement for the Great Qin Empire’s four sects is reaching the fourth orifice of the Xiantian Realm before seventeen. I have already reached it.”

Lin Yun fell into deep thought. Over the past few months, Lin Yun’s life-and-death experiences had allowed him to reach the fourth orifice of the Xiantian Realm. He finally reached the four great sects’ recruitment threshold.

At the very least, he did not fail Su Ziyao and the Seven Orifices Exquisite Pellet she gave him. Without the Seven Orifices Exquisite Pellet, he would probably still be in the Houtian Realm right now.

The alcohol’s influence dissipated and only the taste lingered, which reminded him of how good the wine was.

“The monkey wine is truly the best in the world.” Lin Yun smiled and headed back to where he came from. He started to store the jars of monkey wine into his interspatial pouch. Even after storing over two hundred jars, Lin Yun still did not stop.

However, his compassion soon kicked in. He decided to leave some behind and come back in the future when there were higher quality ones.

After he was done, he returned to the pond and saw a hilarious scene unfolding before him. The Dragon Blooded Horse’s stomach was swollen from drinking too much and it couldn’t get up no matter how hard it tried.

The Dragon Blooded Horse cried out, with tears rolling down its face. But no matter how it tried, it couldn’t get up. On the other hand, the Demonic Monkey King grabbed its stomach, laughing at the Dragon Blooded Horse.

When the Dragon Blooded Horse saw Lin Yun, it pointed at its stomach and looked at Lin Yun with watery eyes.

Looking at the Dragon Blooded Horse, Lin Yun’s lips twitched. He slapped his palm on the Dragon Blooded Horse to help it digest the alcohol.

The entire process was equivalent to the time it took to drink half a cup of tea. The Dragon Blooded Horse’s figure had recovered and it managed to stand up. The fifth orifice of the Xiantian Realm aura coming from the horse was more refined than before.

“Let’s go.”

Lin Yun left the cave with the Dragon Blooded Horse.

When the Demonic Monkey King saw that the two monsters left, it got up on its feet and started drinking monkey wine. For the monkey clan, the monkey wine wasn’t only for their cultivation, but healing their injuries as well.

Lin Yun exited the cave feeling energetic from the monkey wine. There was an indescribable feeling of satisfaction coming from his chest.

Clatter! Clatter! Clatter!

But the Dragon Blooded Horse suddenly turned around and entered the cave. This time, Lin Yun did not care about it. Lin Yun knew that the Dragon Blooded Horse wanted to play a prank.

The Dragon Blooded Horse snuck into the cave silently. Seeing the Demonic Monkey King drinking, Lil’ Red wore a playful smile and pissed into the pool.

While the Demonic Monkey King was drinking, it suddenly tasted something sour from the wine. The Demonic Monkey King immediately became curious. It had no idea when the wine developed a sour taste.

When it raised its head, it saw a stream coming from the Dragon Blooded Horse’s crotch. The Demonic Monkey King was immediately dumbfounded and froze.

Throwing a grin at the Demonic Monkey King with a broken tooth among its set of teeth, the Dragon Blooded Horse bolted away. The Demonic Monkey King was left wailing in the cave.

It would probably be a long time from now until the Demonic Monkey King tried to drink again.

Lin Yun jumped on the Dragon Blooded Horse when he saw it come out of the cave and they left the mountain.

Half a day later, Lin Yun had exited the Sky Hibernation Mountains.

“Lil’ Red, can you change the color of your fur?” asked Lin Yun. It shouldn’t be tough with the Dragon Blooded Horse’s cultivation and talent.

The Dragon Blooded Horse chuckled. Its crimson fur turned black in the blink of an eye and looked like an ordinary horse.

Satisfied, Lin Yun covered himself with a cloak and hood.

“It’s time to head for the Azure Sun Realm now…” murmured Lin Yun to himself underneath the hood.

As a famous secret realm in the Great Qin Empire, each time it opened was a grand occasion. Countless cultivators from the Great Qin Empire and nearby empires would flock over. They were coming for the inheritances left in the secret realm. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

They would greatly benefit if they obtain anything from the secret realm.

Looking at the time now, the Azure Sun Realm would open in half a month. After half a year of life-and-death experiences, Lin Yun’s cultivation had reached the fourth orifice of the Xiantian Realm, his Xiantian Pure Yang Art was now in the fifth stage, he had obtained the Perfect Fiery Demon Battle Physique, he comprehended the Thunderclap Sword Art, and he still had his ancient sword box.

Lin Yun was confident about going into the Azure Sun Realm. It was a gathering of experts, so it would be tough to protect himself if he wasn’t strong enough. Even finding treasures would be difficult if he wasn’t strong enough.

“Logically speaking, the four sects and four clans will surely send someone to the Azure Sun Realm as well. That would be an opportunity for me to take a look at how powerful the Great Qin Empire’s elites are.” Lin Yun’s eyes flickered. His gaze was never on the regional three overlord forces when he stepped into the Azure Sun County.

Lin Yun’s target had always been the Great Qin Empire’s four great sects!

“Let’s go!” Lin Yun patted the Dragon Blooded Horse’s neck and Lil’ Red started traveling at a speed that made no sense as it headed for the Azure Sun Realm.

With the opening of the Azure Sun Realm approaching, the Azure Sun County was flooded with cultivators. All of them shared the same objective — the Azure Sun Realm.

Along the way, Lin Yun encountered many cultivators who either came alone or in pairs, giving off Xiantian Realm aura.

Since Lin Yun wanted to keep a low profile, he hid among the masses.

Seven days later, Lin Yun purposely slowed down on his way to the Azure Sun Realm.

Clatter! Clatter! Clatter!

There was a group of cultivators that were donned in golden armor, who rode majestic horses and terrifying beasts. From a little distance away, Lin Yun could sense the terrifying aura coming from them and got the Dragon Blooded Horse to stop by the side of the path.

“The Radiant Pavilion!” Lin Yun immediately recognized their origin from their clothes. It now made sense why their arrival would be so grand.

Clatter! Clatter! Clatter!

But just when he wanted to urge Lil’ Red to carry on, the leader of the Radiant Pavilion’s party suddenly stopped and turned around.

In the next second, Lin Yun’s face changed because the young man looked at him with a playful smile.