Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1247 - Phoenix Resting On the Phoenix Tree, Song of the Phoenix

On the altar, Lin Yun’s face was pale because he had failed again. Three days ago, he had reached the ninth level, but he had failed over thirty times to beat it. Every time he failed, he was left with heavy injuries that gave him great pain.

The drums were so powerful that his divine firmament sword intent couldn’t last for long. It was unbelievable. Even if his divine firmament sword intent manifested into the sky, the drums would still be able to tear the sky apart.

Color returned to Lin Yun’s face after a long time and then he quietly opened his eyes.

“I’ll try this again after I master the Song of the Phoenix. It’s hard to face the war drums with my sword intent alone, and wielding the flute as a sword doesn’t help right now.” The multiple failures had sparked Lin Yun’s fighting spirit and he was determined to make it through the ninth level.

Standing back up, Lin Yun placed the Divine Indigo Jade Bamboo Flute by his lips. Not long later, a majestic song sounded out. As he closed his eyes, the purple mark on his forehead shone and the music was empowered by his divine firmament sword intent.

Boundless sword aura began to accumulate behind him while he radiated with sword rays. This caused the entire world and the altar beneath him to tremble. Shortly after, a Phoenix Tree began to rise from the ground due to the music and sword intent. In the blink of an eye, the Phoenix Tree had grown to over a thousand feet tall.

The Song of the Phoenix had five verses. The first was about the story of a Phoenix Tree on the mountain, and the tree covering the entire sky. The second verse was about flowers filling up the entire sky and a fragrance could be smelled myriad miles away. When Lin Yun played the second part, the flowers began to cover the entire tree. When the entire tree was filled with flowers, a dense flower fragrance spread out along with sword intent that spread out for miles.

When Lin Yun reached the third verse, his divine firmament sword intent manifested a golden bridge that stretched towards the top of the Phoenix Tree. As his flute music changed, his divine firmament sword intent turned into clouds drifting down like snow.

When he reached the fourth verse, two gorgeous birds flew over the golden bridge and landed on the Phoenix Tree. When the two birds landed on the Phoenix Tree, a shocking voice sounded out and countless birds flew over from different directions to bow before the Phoenix Tree.

When Lin Yun opened his eyes, a light flashed through his pupils and he emitted a domineering aura.

“Success!” Lin Yun placed the Divine Indigo Jade Bamboo Flute down with beads of sweat covering his forehead. But even the exhaustion couldn’t conceal the smile on his lips and the excitement flashing in his pupils.

After coming this far, he finally had the confidence to compete with geniuses ranked in the top 100 on the Empyrean Ranking. The top 100 could make a breakthrough to the Elysium Core Realm any time they wanted. They merely wanted their constellation to reach the supreme stage before making a breakthrough. There were also others who wanted to get the highest rank before making a breakthrough.

All of the top 100 were proud people. So how could they be willing to enter the Elysium Core Realm and get ranked low once again? Everyone in the top 100 wouldn’t make a breakthrough until they were confident that they could reach a high ranking on the next ranking system.

Lin Yun had been in Kunlun Realm for less than a year, and it was too unfair for him to be compared to those people. But what Jian Jingtian said was right, no one would care about his hard work because the result was the only thing that mattered. Only those who stayed at the top of the mountain could see the pile of corpses down on the foot of the mountain.

“This Song of the Phoenix really isn’t simple. The intent is divided into five stages, and it’s strong enough for me to suppress Elysium Core Realm experts…” Lin Yun muttered to himself with flickering eyes. This meant that he could compete with the geniuses on the Empyrean Ranking.

After all, Lin Yun had yet to form his own constellation. Having a constellation and not having one made a huge difference to one’s strength. Lin Yun had never fought with the disciples from the powerful sects, so he had no idea how strong they were if they fought him at full force. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Then again, he was just speculating and he wouldn’t know the difference if they didn’t fight for real. So it was best for him to maintain a low profile before reaching the Astral Stage.

“I want to see how strong the Song of the Phoenix is!” Lin Yun collected his thoughts and threw the remaining divine astral pellets into the altar without any hesitation, allowing flames to blaze on the altar.

“I should be able to make it through the ninth level now,” said Lin Yun while he entered the illusion realm holding onto the jade flute. In the ninth level, Lin Yun appeared on a huge rock and was surrounded by blazing magma.

Around the magma were nine war drums, and each war drum was 100 feet away from him. They surrounded him and practically locked him in a cage. When the war drums sounded out, fear flashed through Lin Yun’s pupils. He didn’t dare to be careless right now.

When the golden human in his forehead clasped his hands together, flames ignited on the sword ocean while divine firmament sword intent filled his body. When the boundless sword intent began to fluctuate, it didn’t take long for divine firmament sword intent to escape through his pores.

Lin Yun was enveloped in a golden light that shined like a bright sun. Aside from him, everything else was dark. But even if he was radiating brightly with sword ray, it was like a dim flame that could be extinguished at any moment.

Taking a deep breath, Lin Yun placed the flute by his lips and his gaze changed. The flute was competing with the warm drums, which caused a massive fluctuation while the Phoenix Tree slowly rose into the sky.

As the drums became slower, each drum rumbled like lightning and Lin Yun’s heart would’ve burst apart if he didn’t have enough sword intent to protect himself. When the war drums echoed, a ferocious beast emitting a desolate aura flew out from the war drums.

As the drums continued, nine ferocious beasts charged over in the blink of an eye. However, they were sent flying by a tree branch of the Phoenix Tree. The ferocious beasts howled as the tree branches lashed out like whips.

Crimson flames blazed in the eyes of those ferocious beasts as they disregarded their injuries and charged forward. The tree branches were controlled by Lin Yun’s music and sword intent as they tore the ferocious beasts apart.

As a cold light flashed across Lin Yun’s pupils, the flute music became sharp. Flowers covered the entire tree before they bloomed. When the flowers bloomed and filled the entire Phoenix Tree, the nine ferocious beasts were all sent flying away.

The sound of cracking bones could be heard as they were sent flying. But the flute music became solemn and majestic with light shining from Lin Yun’s pupils. The drum sounds also became urgent and emitted a heaven-shattering sound.

This instantly left cracks on the golden bridge Lin Yun had manifested and also created huge waves in his sword ocean. Even the golden human and azure dragon sword soul were having a difficult time bearing it.

In the next second, a divine light shone from his flute as the purple mark on his forehead radiated. Lin Yun roared inwardly and the two birds landed on the Phoenix Tree. At this moment, Lin Yun was shining brightly like a bright sun as if he was standing at the top of the clouds looking down.

When the light grew even brighter and the music reached a limit, the nine war drums broke apart and the Nine Li Illusion Realm broke down. Standing on the altar, the flames soared into the sky and crimson light descended from the flames before entering Lin Yun’s body.

The crimson light was brimming with vitality, causing Lin Yun’s Azure Dragon Saint Physique to circulate. As crimson light entered his body, the number of dragon runes on the surface of his body began to increase. At this moment, he was making swift progress in the Azure Dragon Saint Physique.