Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1307 - Heaven Burial (1)

The power of five million Divine Astral Pellets was violently coursing throughout his veins, and the pain was excruciating. It was tough for Lin Yun to keep his composure with blood oozing out from his pores. After all, destroying the shackles and creating a Sovereign Constellation wasn’t that easy.

Suddenly, Lin Yun’s right palm exploded with boundless lightning being released. This was because there was too much astral energy within his body, exceeding the limit of the Azure Dragon Saint Art.

He was enveloped in blood, and his current state was dangerous because he might die at any moment. While Lin Yun let out a groan, he wasn’t intimidated by this scene and continued to refine the astral energy within his body.

He had to accumulate the energy to ensure that nothing goes wrong before he dares to break the shackles and release the remaining ominous souls. He didn’t dare to take any risk because he couldn’t bear the consequences. Since that was the case, he could only continue to bear the pain.

When Lin Yun’s right palm exploded, blood flowed out like spring water, and his blood was flickering with astral light. It didn’t take long for a puddle of blood to be gathered beneath him. Not only was the process of subduing five million Divine Astral Pellets dangerous, but also fatal if he wasn’t careful.

A long time later, blood filled the entire summit, but the blood was flickering with light and looked sacred. When the astral energy accumulated in his body finally reached a limit, the astral energy was as dazzling as a bright sun within his body.

“Time to break off the shackles!” Before Lin Yun could catch his breath, the golden human and azure dragon in the sword ocean turned into golden light and enveloped his body.

“Break!” Letting out a roar, his firmament sword intent empowered by the boundless astral energy within his body formed into countless blades that hacked at the shackles, causing sparks to fly and the shackles to sway about.

The vibrations made Lin Yun throw out a mouthful of blood and his face turned pale. But he refused to give up and his eyes turned bloodshot as he continued to try and hack those shackles into pieces. This time, fine cracks had appeared on the shackles, but Lin Yun didn’t give up and vented all his emotions with a roar.

Under the majestic power, one of the shackles broke and an ominous soul was released. This ominous soul looked like a white dragon with a pair of wings and a pair of eagle claws. This was the Winged Dragon. Although it was called a dragon, it actually had nothing to do with the Dragon Clan. It was a clan of its own, and it was stronger than pure-blooded dragons.

When it broke from the shackles, it began to charge about within Lin Yun’s body, trying to destroy him. This made Lin Yun throw out a mouthful of blood because he was in trouble right now. He even had to summon all the purple-golden dragon runes and form a cocoon.

But ultimately, he managed to suppress the winged dragon with his firmament sword intent. It was merely an ominous soul, and his body was a prison. So how would it be easy for it to break free from his body?

At this moment, Lin Yun was covered in his own blood, but he didn’t rest and continued to break the remaining shackles. When the sixth and seventh shackles were broken, the Demonic Phoenix and Nether Spirit were released.

The Demonic Pheonix was a natural mutation, the fallen leader of the Divine Phoenix Clan. There were only bits and pieces about it in ancient records, so it was mysterious and terrifying. As for the Nether Spirit, it was the manifestation of darkness. Unlike the Demonic Phoenix, the Nether Spirit was a symbol of darkness and death. It had an even more mysterious origin than the Demonic Phoenix.

When the eighth shackle broke off, the final ominous beast was released. It was pitch-black and enveloped in darkness and a bloodlusty energy that even made Lin Yun’s heart tremble. He could even feel that he couldn’t smoothly circulate the Azure Dragon Saint Art. This was the Ghoul Null, the bane of the Dragon Clan. In ancient times, its diet was mainly made up of dragons, and not even the divine dragon could face it head-on. So one could only imagine how terrifying it was.

When the power of the eight ominous souls gathered within Lin Yun’s body, he finally couldn’t bear it anymore and threw out a mouthful of blood. His vitality also began to drop at a visible speed. Those ominous spirits didn’t have any intelligence and could only act on instinct. But even so, Lin Yun couldn’t bear their power with his physique that was comparable to a thousand-rune saint artifact.

As lightning began to rumble in the sky, the surroundings fell into darkness with boundless demonic light eminating from Lin Yun’s body. His face was pale and distorted. He would occasionally laugh maniacally or roar furiously. His emotions were currently being affected by the ominous souls at this moment.

Since his physique couldn’t bear the power of the eight ominous souls, how could his soul bear it? The ominous souls were roaring within his body because Lin Yun’s body was like a cage, and they were trying to break free from the cage to unleash their might onto the world once more.

“N-N-No…” Lil’ Purple began to sob on the Snow Heed Blade with sorrow written all over her face.

“I don’t want you to die. This empress doesn’t want to lose you!” Lil’ Purple was practically about to collapse from the sorrow, but there was nothing she could do about it. This was the path that Lin Yun had chosen, and no one could help him since he was walking on the path of a sovereign.

This despair made Lil’ Purple bawl with her heart aching. Ever since she woke up from her deep slumber, she had never felt so sorrowful before, and she was feeling as though there were blades stabbing into her heart.

At the same time, she realized that Lin Yun had held such an important position in her heart without her knowing it. As memories between them began to flash before her eyes, she saw the scene of Lin Yun gently tying braids for her after she was bullied by Ye Ziling, the roasted fish that Lin Yun gave her when they were chasing after the Thunderclap Demon Sword, how he was furious when she exhausted herself too much, and how Lin Yun stood before her when Luo Hua wanted to take her life.

All those memories between them had long melted her heart that had died following her deep slumber of a hundred thousand years.

As for Lin Yun, who was on the verge of collapse, he could hear someone crying in his ears. He instantly recognized that it was Lil’ Purple who was crying for him, and since she was crying for him, he couldn’t afford to die, no matter what!

His sword intent gradually began to return to the center of his brows. He had lost control of his emotions, and not even his physique could bear the strain. Only the dual sword souls in the center of his brows were still within his control.

He knew that if he wanted to save himself, he would have to pull out the mysterious ‘broken sword’ within his body. It was his final hope, and only it could suppress the eight ominous souls. At the same time, he finally realized that the Eight Ominous Soul Locking Array was meant for the sword to chain down the eight ominous souls, and not the other way around.

But he had never controlled the ‘broken sword’ before in his life, and even his broken sword physique was activated passively, not under his control. This was forbidden energy, and he had never tried it before. He didn’t dare, and he had been trying to escape from it.

He had always been unwilling to admit it because the sword made him feel afraid and uneasy. He was afraid that he would be annihilated if he came in contact with it.

But he knew that he didn’t have a path of retreat. Only by facing his heart, only then could he have a wisp of hope to turn the tables around.

As the golden human flew from the sword ocean and came to the mysterious space within his body, the space was like a bottomless abyss filled with boundless darkness. Within the abyss, that ‘broken sword’ was striking, mysterious, and terrifying. It felt as though it could end an entire era when it was drawn out.

But the ‘broken sword’ emitted a cold flicker when the golden human flew over, as though it was in disdain. Under the cold flicker, the light emitted from the golden human began to dim down, and he knew that the golden human would be completely extinguished if this carried on.

If his sword soul dies, then he would also die. But Lin Yun didn’t cower and faced the ‘broken sword’ head-on, allowing the cold light to shine on his sword soul. When the light released from the golden human dimmed down, the golden human reached out to grab onto the hilt of the ‘broken sword’.

He was clearly very close, but it felt like the sword was ten million miles away from him. No matter how he reached out, he couldn’t grab onto the sword hilt at all. In response, the ‘broken sword’ released a vibration of mockery. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

This made Lin Yun throw another mouthful of blood with his vitality vanquishing. His sword soul, the golden human, had nearly become transparent.