Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1352 - Ruthless (2)

“Lin Yun is out!”

“Did he really obtain the Great Saint Origin?”

“Isn’t it obvious? Many people have seen him ascend the summit of the mountain while holding onto the Profound Wither Key.” There were countless people gathered outside the Seven Treasured Glazed Tile Pagoda, and there were at least tens of thousands of people.

All of them were the survivors of the Profound Wither Island, and they could be considered the final winners. Before they entered the Profound Wither Island, they were at the Quasi-Elysium Core Realm, at best. But now, all of them had practically reached the Elysium Core Realm. Even if they didn’t acquire a saint elixir each, they had at least gotten something equivalent to quasi-saint elixirs.

“Lin Yun, you’re finally out!” Qin Cang, who was seated, suddenly opened his eyes with bright golden light flashing within his pupils. When Qin Cang spoke, Lei Jue and Xuan Ying, who were standing on his sides, also unleashed a terrifying wave of aura.

“Profound Sky Saint Sovereign, invincible in the Ancient Barren Domain!” Right at that moment, hundreds of Profound Sky Sect’s disciples, along with ten-odd Greater Elysium Core Realm deacons, charged over.

As they spread out, they were all emitting a dazzling light with the astral energy in their elysium cores raging, immediately forming into a massive array before the Seven Treasured Glazed Tile Pagoda.

As countless starlights shone, this made all of the Profound Sky Sect disciples look like bright stars shining brightly in the sky.

As for those Greater Elysium Core Realm deacons, they also formed seals to connect all the starlights in the sky, forming a gigantic net that sealed off the entire space.

“The Profound Thousand Astral Array!” Ye Ziling locked her brows together when she saw the array that the Profound Sky Sect disciples had set up.

“Lin Yun, why don’t you look at who this woman is?” Right at that moment, Lei Jue sneered when he looked at Lin Yun while standing beside Qin Cang.

Shortly after, two people were escorted over. They were Luo Shuyi and Tang Jing. Aside from that, there were also many Profound Valley and Heavenly Note Sect disciples being escorted over and forced to kneel on the ground.

As a cold light flashed through his pupils, Lin Yun’s killing intent was on the brim of losing control. But Su Ziyao held onto his hand right at that moment.

When Qin Cang slowly got back up, he pinched Luo Shuyi’s face. Looking at Lin Yun, who was not far away, he said, “Lin Yun, you clearly know that without her help, there’s no way you could enter the mountain.”

“Qin Cang, she’s the fated transcendent of the Heavenly Note Sect. If you kill her, the Heavenly Note Sect will definitely not let you go,” said Lin Yun coldly with his face sunk.

Shaking his head, Qin Cang looked at Luo Shuyi’s gorgeous face. The more he looked at it, the more he felt that Luo Shuyi was beautiful. Since she was proficient in music, this allowed her to possess an ethereal temperament.

“You don’t know because death isn’t terrifying. From the moment she dared to make a move against me, she should have already expected this outcome. She’s not an ordinary woman, so she naturally doesn’t fear death.” Qin Cang stared at Luo Shuyi’s face before he said, “For a woman, the most important factor about her should be her face. If I leave a few cuts on her face, I bet she’ll regret making even the slightest move against me.”

When Luo Shuyi heard what Qin Cang said, her pupils squinted and her body began to tremble.

“Qin Cang, stop! If you dare to touch her, my Profound Valley will definitely not let you go!” Tang Jing began to struggle, despite being restricted, and his face was even distorted with rage.

But Qin Cang merely gave him a slap and no longer bothered with him. But his slap made Tang Jing’s head spin around before he collapsed to the ground with his eyes wide open. Just like that, the fated transcendent of the Profound Valley, Tang Jing, died on the spot. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

When Luo Shuyi saw this scene, she could only feel the entire world spinning and she nearly fainted from the grief. Outside the Profound Thousand Astral Array, when all the cultivators saw this scene, they were so shocked that they didn’t dare to utter a single word.

After all, Tang Jing was the fated transcendent of the Profound Valley, and Qin Cang had simply killed him without giving the Profound Valley any face. At this moment, they could only feel their scalps going numb and a chill down their spines.

Seeing this scene, Cang Yun of the Vajra Monastery nearly exclaimed. Although he had been mocking Tang Jing, mocking him that he would end up being nothing more than a dog, he never thought about killing Tang Jing.

So he was greatly shocked when he saw Tang Jing die, suffering a huge impact, and couldn’t accept Tang Jing’s death. This was simply too ruthless, and this made Cang Yun speechless.

Nangong Ze, Ning Feng, and the other fated transcendents were also dumbfounded because Qin Cang’s ruthlessness had far exceeded their expectations. Even the Sword Sect’s Mu Qingqing and Sikong Zhou were so shocked that they couldn’t utter a single word right now.

Looking at how arrogant and fearless Qin Cang was, all the fated transcendents could feel a chill down their spines. When Qin Cang swept a glance at Tang Jing’s corpse, he coldly said, “A mere dog dares to represent the Profound Valley and threaten me?”

“Qin Cang, you’re too arrogant and you’ll suffer from your arrogance sooner or later!” Jiang Lichen couldn’t help yelling upon seeing this scene.

“Sorry about that, but I have always been this way. Those who submit to me lives and death to those who don’t! When he and this woman made a move against me back then, he was already a dead man. If you feel that this is me being arrogant, then there’s nothing I can say. You’re standing beside Lin Yun, and if you dare to make a move against me, Tang Jing’s outcome will be your outcome.” Qin Cang coldly looked at Jiang Lichen with a black lotus blazing with flames in his pupils.

The latest_epi_sodes are on_the ʟɪʙʀᴇᴀᴅ.ᴄᴏᴍ. website.

When his eyes shone with a bizarre demonic light, this made Jiang Lichen’s face change because he could feel the immense pain in his mind. At the same time, he threw out a mouthful of blood and took several steps back.

But fortunately, he had a great improvement in his cultivation. Otherwise, just that glance from Qin Cang would have been enough to heavily injure him or make him kneel on the spot.

Jiang Lichen was terrified by that experience and no longer dared to utter a single word with his face becoming pale.

Right at that moment, Qin Cang suddenly moved and swiped his finger on Luo Shuyi’s face like a blade. In the next second, a few sinister-looking wounds appeared on Luo Shuyi’s face, making her look bloody.

“Those who submit to me lives and death to those who don’t! Profound Sky Saint Sovereign, invincible in the Ancient Barren Domain!” Qin Cang roared as he released boundless golden light with an invincible dragon aura that soared to the sky.

“Profound Sky Saint Sovereign, invincible in the Ancient Barren Domain!”

“Profound Sky Saint Sovereign, invincible in the Ancient Barren Domain!” The Profound Sky Sect’s disciples in the Profound Thousand Astral Array echoed along with Qin Cang. In the next moment, everyone could only hear their chants echoing between the heavens and earth. When Qin Cang swept his gaze around, he was emitting a powerful and invincible aura.

“Even an ant will beg to live, not to mention a human. Lin Yun, you should know what to do, right?” Qin Cang coldly looked at Lin Yun.

“Flower Burial, why aren’t you still on your knees? Hand over the Great Saint Origin and my senior brother might consider sparing your life!” One of the Three Saints of the Profound Sky Sect, Lei Jue, roared with a cold light flashing through his pupils.