Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1355 - Firmament Sword Intent

“Fleeting Cloud 13 Swords—Myriad Sword Condensation!” As Lin Yun’s sword aura climbed to the peak, he raised the Lightning Shadow Sword with both hands and swung it down on Qin Cang.

As a terrifying aura spread out, the sky collapsed, and the earth caved in. Even the sun and moon had lost their luster when compared to his sword. At the same time, an azure sword of a few hundred feet appeared behind Lin Yun as he summoned the true holy spirit of the Fleeting Cloud 13 Swords.

At the same time, limitless power began to pour into the holy spirit, allowing Lin Yun to shine brightly with sword rays. As Lin Yun’s hair began to flutter violently in the wind, the pair of Golden Crow Wings behind him shone brightly like a bright sun. At this moment, he looked like a sun deity, and the Lightning Shadow Sword’s radiance looked like a blazing mountain.

When his sword swung down, the heaven and earth began to tremble, causing the entire Profound Wither Island to tremble. The Profound Wither Island’s restriction was already on the verge of disappearing. In addition to the massive impact from the Seven Treasured Glaze Tile Pagoda, cracks began to spread across the ground.

So the Profound Wither Island that was already on the verge of collapsing began to shake even more, like a wobbling old man.

“Golden Dragon Skypatching Art!” Sensing the incoming danger, Qin Cang didn’t hesitate to push the Golden Dragon Skypatching Art to the limit. The Golden Dragon Bone on his chest shone as he raised his hands before his chest and a bright sun began to appear between his palms.

The sun was a golden dragon that had coiled around itself, containing the terrifying power that looked like a bright sun while being pushed out by Qin Cang. As a series of explosions resounded, the sun shattered with an echoing draconic roar and countless fragments of the golden dragon flew out in various directions.

After an earth-shattering explosion, the explosion left craters of a few thousand meters on the already damaged ground. Some of the craters even pierced through the Profound Wither Island, and water could be seen bursting from the ground and soaring towards the sky.

When the golden dragon shattered into pieces, the power of the divine rune fell onto Qin Cang, and he crossed his arms before him. As golden dragon scales appeared on both of his arms, his Profound Sky Armor was pushed to the limit. But the power of Lin Yun’s attack was too terrifying.

As the Golden Crow Wings flapped on Lin Yun’s back, the boundless sword aura began to accumulate. When it reached a new height, Qin Cang finally couldn’t hold it back anymore and was sent flying away.

This made Qin Cang throw out a mouthful of blood. Lin Yun’s Fleeting Cloud 13 Swords—Myriad Sword Condensation had far exceeded his imagination. Even if he pushed the Golden Dragon Bone to the limit, he still couldn’t withstand the power.

Those who saw this scene could feel their hearts throbbing violently and their scalps going numb. Qin Cang’s physique was rather terrifying. Lin Yun’s attainment in the sword was already so powerful, but it could only break Qin Cang’s Profound Sky Armor, and couldn’t see any flaw in his physique with no signs of being heavily injured.

“What a monster!” Nangong Ze and the rest couldn’t help exclaiming when they saw this scene.

Qin Cang also practiced the Dragon Clan’s body-refining technique, but Qin Cang’s physique was a lot stronger than Lin Yun’s. Many people didn’t know that Qin Cang had a Golden Dragon Bone, so they were in disbelief that Qin Cang’s physique was so powerful. They could believe that Qin Cang merely used his physique to block that terrifying sword from Lin Yun.

“Hahahaha!” Qin Cang threw out a mouthful of blood and continued, “Lin Yun, what other means do you have? Just throw them all at me! I, Qin Cang, don’t fear any fight! Let me see how many times can you activate the thousand-rune saint sword!”

This wasn’t his first time fighting Lin Yun, so he had a deep impression of the Lightning Shadow Sword. When Lin Yun was still at the Quasi-Elysium Core Realm, he could already use the Lightning Shadow Sword to injure him. Now that Lin Yun had reached the Elysium Core Realm, this only meant that it would be even stronger. But he had long discovered that Lin Yun couldn’t fully bring out the power of the sword, not even one-hundredth of it.

Furthermore, he noticed that Lin Yun couldn’t use it for long and had to pay a great price to do so. But in reality, this was his misperception. Lin Yun couldn’t use it for long because of his ‘broken sword’ physique. On the other hand, that sword didn’t exhaust that much of his astral energy.

Unable to inflict heavy injuries on Qin Cang, Lin Yun was decisive and threw the Lightning Shadow Sword away. When the sword fell on a huge rock, the Golden Crow Wings behind Lin Yun flapped, and he appeared before Qin Cang in the next second.

When the two charged at each other, they were so fast and only left blurs behind. But there was something that made them stand out. The two of them were enveloped with an unusual aura that allowed them to unleash immense pressure.

“What’s that?”

“Why do I feel that their pressure has greatly exceeded those at the pinnacle of the Lesser Elysium Core Realm? They’re so strong that not even Greater Elysium Core Realm experts could threaten them.” A fated transcendent of a powerful sect said in a trembling voice. They were all enveloped in fear because Qin Cang and Lin Yun were too heaven-defying.

“That’s the innate saint aura transformed from astral energy. But that’s something that only Dragon Pulse Realm experts can try to do!”

“Their saint aura is thin, but the moment they succeed, they will put a huge gap between them and those in the same generation as them.”

“What monsters!” Actually, many people have already guessed it but none of them dared to say it because it was simply too shocking. Now that they looked at it again, it should be obvious that Qin Cang had grasped the golden dragon aura. But who could’ve thought that even if Qin Cang grasped the golden dragon aura, it still couldn’t do anything to Lin Yun? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Lin Yun and Qin Cang fought too quickly. When they fought, sonic booms exploded. As the two fought, their attacks were like exploding stars. This time, Lin Yun and Qin Cang clashed once more, one using his palm and the other using his fist. The collision unleashed another explosion that sounded like a war drum, making everyone’s blood boil.

“Dragon Sun and Moon Cauldron!” Lin Yun threw his punch and a cauldron began to manifest in the sky with the sun and moon engraved on the cauldron.

But Qin Cang was fearless and used his palm like a blade and slashed down. After Lin Yun attacked, he thrust his fingers like a sword at Qin Cang’s right shoulder. If this attack landed on others, their body would have exploded. But when it landed on Qin Cang, it merely emitted a metallic collision sound with sparks flying about as a golden light rippled from his body.

“Hehe!” Qin Cang grinned before he tore space apart with his hand manifesting into a dragon claw that was heading for Lin Yun’s head.

But Lin Yun’s Golden Crow Wings folded together. When the Golden Dragon Claw landed on Lin Yun’s wings, it only emitted a metallic collision with sparks flying out.

“Open!” As the Golden Crow Wings opened up, his wings were like blades that swung beside Qin Cang, tearing apart the golden light that was being emitted from Qin Cang and his Golden Crow Wings nearly injured Qin Cang’s physique.

“You can’t injure me!” Qin Cang’s hair fluttered in the wind. He was already in a disadvantageous position because Lin Yun’s speed was a lot faster than his own, not to mention that his golden dragon aura couldn’t obtain any advantage against Lin Yun.

But he wasn’t afraid. He was undefeated as long as he relied on the Golden Dragon Bone. A cold light shot from Lin Yun’s eyes. He wanted to bring out the firmament sword intent right away and kill Qin Cang. But he ultimately bore it because he knew that he couldn’t be anxious right now.

“I don’t believe that!” Lin Yun’s Golden Crow Wings flapped and unleashed fluctuations around the surrounding space. He didn’t move, but it looked as though he was being pushed by space and appeared before Qin Cang.

Seven Flowers Convergence!

As forty-nine flower petals flew out from his violet palace and formed into the Divine Astral Flower, his golden origin energy began to blaze. At the same time, Lin Yun’s aura began to rise with flames blazing in his eyes that enveloped him in a violent aura.

When he pushed his palm towards Qin Cang’s chest, the Divine Astral Flower blazed and one could faintly hear a sacred voice resounding from his palm. As his palm landed on Qin Cang’s Golden Dragon Bone, it immediately made Qin Cang throw out a mouthful of blood.

Instantly knowing that this was an opportunity, Lin Yun grabbed onto Qin Cang’s chest but his fingers were blocked by a golden barrier. But Lin Yun didn’t give up so easily. Thunderstorms began to gather in his palm, as well as three thousand purple-golden dragon runes. His entire hand had manifested into a dragon claw that tore the golden barrier apart.

When his fingers plunged into Qin Cang’s chest, Lin Yun’s senses started to tingle. Thinking of something, Lin Yun quickly retreated. But it was already too late. Light suddenly exploded from the Golden Dragon Bone and a terrifying power exploded from the origin saint rune that was engraved on it.

This power made it seem as though the Golden Dragon Bone had come to life and a golden dragon breath was heading for Lin Yun’s hand. This made Lin Yun feel as though his heart was being held by a dragon, causing him to throw out a mouthful of blood with his face turning pale.

If he hadn’t retreated fast enough and didn’t have the Azure Dragon Mark protecting his heart, his heart might have burst under the explosion of the origin saint rune’s power.

Demon Flame Lotus Eye!

As the black lotus bloomed in Qin Cang’s eyes, they became deep like the abyss with a terrifying demonic aura manifesting into a demonic aura that poured into Lin Yun’s mind. This made Lin Yun throw out a mouthful of blood with the firmament sword intent used to finally cut the demonic aura apart.

Standing proudly with his hands behind his back, Qin Cang said, “Everyone who has tried to dig out my Golden Dragon Bone have all died. Lin Yun, you’re really bold.”

When everyone heard what Qin Cang said, their hearts throbbed as gazes fell onto him. They didn’t expect Qin Cang to have the Golden Dragon Bone. At the same time, they finally knew why Qin Cang’s physique was so terrifying and why his Dragon Clan’s martial techniques were even stronger than the Profound Sky Canon.

“Lin Yun, truth be told, I don’t care about the death of the Nether Divinity Realm Son. You’re a grindstone to me, a stepping stone for me when I become the first of the three rankings. When I surpass Jian Jingtian in the future, I will not forget how you helped me!” Qin Cang said with confidence filled in his tone.

Everyone was shocked once more when they heard what Qin Cang said. That was too arrogant. He had just reached the Elysium Core Realm, but he already wanted to obtain the first on the Elysium Core Ranking and even the Dragon Pulse Ranking.

“First on the three rankings? You really think too much about that. You should focus on surviving today,” said Lin Yun coldly.

“It’s futile. Your Azure Dragon Saint Art is flawed, to begin with. On the other hand, my Golden Dragon Skypatching Art is flawless. With the Golden Dragon Bone, I am already in an undefeatable position. You did give me a lot of pressure, but there’s no way you can escape from death!” Qin Cang said.

As the two of them spoke, they continued to clash with their figures flashing around. In just the blink of an eye, they had already clashed over a hundred times. When everyone saw the Golden Crow Wings that Lin Yun had summoned, they thought that it was more than enough for them to suppress Qin Cang.

But they never thought that Qin Cang would actually have the Golden Dragon Bone. It was the bone of a divine dragon. With such a heaven-defying treasure, it might really be possible for him to obtain first on the three rankings.

“Lin Yun, why bother struggling? I already know your trump cards, so you can only end up as my stepping stone. I won’t kill you, but I’ll kill everyone you care about and plant a demon seed in your heart. I'll be waiting for you to come and take revenge against me after reaching the Dragon Pulse Realm!” Qin Cang said proudly.

When everyone heard what Qin Cang said, this made their scalps go numb because Qin Cang was too vicious. He really planned on letting Lin Yun become his grindstone, giving Lin Yun pressure and allowing him to keep becoming stronger.

“As I’ve said, you really think too much. As for your dragon bone, I’ll be taking it!” Lin Yun had no change on his face. As the purple mark on his forehead shone brightly, the golden human in the sword ocean began to shine brightly like a miniature sun.

He had a powerful sword intent, to begin with. Under everyone’s shocked gazes, Lin Yun’s sword intent continued to rise with a sword vibration echoing across the sky. As a golden beam exploded from Lin Yun, it soared to the sky and broke apart the first layer of heaven.

When an unimaginable sword intent came crashing down from the sky, the pressure instantly made the majority of the people in the surroundings fall to their knees.

Their hearts were enveloped in fear and had no idea what was going on. Just when they wanted to struggle to get back onto their feet, they were shocked to discover that it felt as though Lin Yun was heaven itself.