Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1357 - I Have A Song, Please Enjoy (2)

“Profound Sky Saint Sovereign, invincible in the Ancient Barren Domain!” As Qin Cang’s hair fluttered in the wind, he instantly looked like a divine dragon with everything within his grasp. “Profound Sky Canon—Universal Reversal!”

As the surrounding space began to distort, Lin Yun and Qin Cang weren’t far apart. But in Lin Yun’s eyes, the surrounding space had overlapped and his sword intent couldn’t reach Qin Cang. Under this move, fine cracks actually started to appear on his firmament sword intent.

This was abnormal. With his firmament sword intent, it should be enough for Lin Yun to fight those who had stronger cultivation than his own, not to mention those at the same cultivation.

Lin Yun was far from Qin Cang with the overlapping space, but Qin Cang was close to Lin Yun with demonic light shining from his palm before landing on Lin Yun. Traces of blood also dripped down from the corner of Lin Yun’s lips before he was sent flying away.

As his firmament sword intent began to vibrate, killing intent continued to accumulate in Qin Cang’s eyes as he glared at Lin Yun. The Demonic Lotus Saint Rune began to bloom on Qin Cang’s palm once more and he also started pouring golden dragon aura into his palm.

At the same time, when he circulated the Golden Dragon Bone, boundless vitality began to start pouring out from Qin Cang’s heart, which made him push the Demonic Lotus Saint Rune to the limit. Behind him, there was a sun and moon shining brightly that allowed him to turn the tables around and suppressed Lin Yun’s three paintings instead.

“Surprised? Everyone believes that you’ve won. But in my eyes, it’s just an illusion. The firmament sword intent is strong, but I’m stronger! The opponents that I’ve faced aren’t people you can imagine. Flower Burial, you’re still too tender before me!” Qin Cang’s aura began to violently rise before he pushed his palm out, executing the Universal Reversal once more.

His move made the surrounding space distort once more. No matter how Lin Yun used his sword intent, it couldn’t touch him, no matter what, before his palm landed on Lin Yun. Under his attack, Lin Yun’s purple-golden dragon runes began to start cracking, and he was heavily injured under this attack.

Compared to Qin Cang’s Golden Dragon Skypatching Art, the Azure Dragon Saint Art was a little lacking. So the advantage brought by the Golden Dragon Bone wasn’t something that others could think about, and the benefits weren’t just restricted to his physique. In the hands of fated transcendents, it could shine with an unprecedented light. It was so much so that upon reaching the later phase, it could allow Qin Cang to possess the Divine Golden Dragon’s bloodline.

“Profound Sky Canon.” Nangong Ze and the rest wore grave expressions because Qin Cang had always been using the Dragon Clan’s martial techniques to face Lin Yun. But now, he had resorted to using the Profound Sky Canon that had shocked the entire Ancient Barren Domain.

Everyone never imagined that the moment Qin Cang unleashed the Profound Sky Canon, he would instantly turn the tables around. Even if Lin Yun’s firmament sword intent was powerful, it was pointless if it couldn’t touch Qin Cang.

“Lin Yun, everything has come to an end!” Qin Cang stood with his hands behind his back and coldly looked at Lin Yun. As long as his attack landed on Lin Yun once more, Lin Yun’s physique would crumble. At that time, his firmament sword intent would just be a display.

As the Golden Crow Wings flapped behind him, Lin Yun wiped the blood off his lips and smiled. “Why do I feel that you’re already going to die, and you’re still putting up a strong front? Shouldn’t you be curious about why I didn't use the Lightning Shadow Sword after I revealed my firmament sword intent?”

“That is the Lightning Shadow Sword forged by the Mo Clan with a complete divine rune engraved on it. I have already noticed that you can’t use it for long, not to mention that it has a long history. So you can only use it once, at most,” said Qin Cang faintly.

“Who said that I only have one sword?” Lin Yun said coldly.

Squinting his eyes, Qin Cang snorted, “So what? I can easily take your life with a single palm. But don’t worry. I won’t take your life, but I will kill everyone you care about!”

Qin Cang wasn’t afraid because he didn’t place Lin Yun in his eyes right from the beginning. He already made up his mind that he would use Lin Yun as his stepping stone, wanting Lin Yun to be consumed by hatred. This was because he wanted to step on Lin Yun once more after reaching the Dragon Pulse Realm!

His thoughts were vicious and ruthless. Raising his brow, Lin Yun roared, “Qin Cang, I’ll tell you the truth. It’s simple for me to kill you! The reason why I let things develop in this manner is that I want to take revenge against you. The person I hate the most is someone who threatens me by using women, regardless if it’s your intention or not. You threatened me with Lady Luo and even disfigured her. So I will make you pay the price for it. Not only will I dig out your dragon bone, but not a single person from the Profound Sky Sect can leave today!”

“People say that I’m arrogant, but I feel that you’re even more arrogant!” Qin Cang raged before he charged forth once more.

“Hahaha!” Lin Yun fearlessly laughed with his hair fluttering in the wind. “Qin Cang, what qualifications do you have to stand before me for being arrogant? I’ve been in the Kunlun Realm for half a year, so who do you think you are? You want to use me as a stepping stone? Do you think that you’re qualified to do so?”

In the next second, his vitality began to start blazing as he circulated the Dragon-Phoenix World Annihilating Sword Canon. As the dragon-phoenix sword aura above the golden ocean began to blaze, sword vibrations resounded from his body.

As Lin Yun began to shine with dazzling sword rays, the dragon-phoenix sword aura emitted from his pores with a torrential sword aura soaring to the sky. At the same time, the light of the sun and moon made the sky turn dark with Lin Yun’s burst of laughter echoing across the entire Profound Wither Island.

His laughter was also filled with a wisp of ferocity, making Lin Yun seem unprecedentedly ferocious. As his hair began to flutter violently, the purple mark on his forehead made him look even more bewitching.

Lin Yun was someone with a bottom line, and anyone who violated it had to die. Letting out a ferocious roar, ferocity flashed within his pupils as he took a step forth. This time, the golden human and golden dragon in his sword ocean shone brightly, allowing the light of his firmament sword intent to shine brightly. When he took a step forth, his footstep was filled with boundless sword intent that left cracks on the surrounding space.

“Profound Sky Canon—Universal Reversal!” Qin Cang’s face was emotionless as he brought out his strongest attack once more. As the surrounding space began to distort, it made everything feel as though it was all within his control.

“Sword, on my command!” Lin Yun was fearless as he faced Qin Cang head-on. Waving his hand, the Flower Burial Sword flew out from his sword box and Lin Yun grabbed onto it. In that split second, the Flower Burial Sword felt like it was connected to him by blood. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

As sparks flew from the Flower Burial Sword, he hacked his sword towards Qin Cang while being empowered by his firmament sword intent the moment he drew his sword.

“That is your sword? It’s just an ordinary saint artifact…” Qin Cang looked at the Flower Burial Sword with disdain. That sword had just been upgraded to a saint artifact and was a lot more inferior than the thousand-rune saint artifact.

Practically in a split second, Qin Cang’s expression froze because the space that was being distorted by him broke into pieces under Lin Yun’s sword. When Lin Yun’s sword ray spread out and landed on Qin Cang, his body’s golden dragon scales began to crumble and were reduced to fragments.

“I’ve been waiting for you for a long time,” said Lin Yun as his gaze fell onto his sword, which the Flower Burial Sword vibrated in response.

“Azure Mountain Beyond The Clouds, Emerald Stars!” Lin Yun soared to the sky and swung his sword, shattering the sun and moon behind Qin Cang that had formed into a constellation. This was simply too terrifying and made everyone’s heart throb. They could feel their scalps going numb and wondered if this was the true power of the firmament sword intent.

When he was done, he swung his sword once more before the dragon’s head in the constellation was also sent flying away. With that, the sun and moon collapsed and the divine dragon had been beheaded.

“N-N-No…” Qin Cang let out a roar with fear appearing in his eyes for the first time.

“Protect Senior Brother!” The disciples of the Profound Sky Sect also began to panic before hundreds of disciples and ten-odd Greater Elysium Core Realm experts charged forth.

Sheathing his sword, Lin Yun raised his eyebrow and said, “I said that all of you will have to die today!”

Looking at all the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples, Lin Yun closed his eyes. With his right hand holding onto the Silver Moon Mask, a cold smirk rose on his lips, his killing intent spreading out. The moment he put on the mask, he was enveloped in moonlight and his hair instantly became silver.

At the same time, the Divine Indigo Jade Bamboo Flute appeared in his hand and he placed it by his lips.

“I have a song, please enjoy it!” When Lin Yun opened his eyes beneath the Silver Moon Mask, boundless killing intent exploded from his pupils and he looked even more devilish at this moment.