Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Chapter 1359 - I Promise!

When Lin Yun’s palm landed on Qin Cang’s chest, this made Qin Cang throw out a mouthful of blood. The remaining light enveloping Qin Cang shattered under this palm, causing his face to turn pale and he staggered because he couldn’t even stand firmly on the ground.

When Qin Cang finally stabilized himself, he threw out a mouthful of blood. But before he could catch his breath, Lin Yun charged over and landed before him in the blink of an eye. This time, Lin Yun’s palm turned into a claw with three thousand purple-golden dragon runes pouring into his hand, allowing his hand to transform into a dragon claw that stabbed into Qin Cang’s chest. Since he said that he would dig out Qin Cang’s dragon bone, then he would definitely do as he said.

“Lin Yun, you’re courting death!” Qin Cang bled from his seven orifices with his gaze becoming sinister while he gritted his teeth. He wasn’t joking when he said that everyone who tried to dig out his dragon bone had died. Ever since he came out, many people have tried to dig out his dragon bone, including Dragon Pulse Realm experts.

But all of them had died without exception. The dragon bone had restrictions on it, and he had revealed his flaw on purpose to lure Lin Yun into digging out his dragon bone. But Lin Yun reacted quickly and pull back his hand just when he was about to come into contact with the restrictions. Even then, Lin Yun still suffered heavy injuries because of it.

If Lin Yun really tried to dig out his dragon bone, then he would only end up dead. But for some reason, when he saw Lin Yun’s dragon claw reaching for his chest, this suddenly enveloped his heart in boundless fear. He could faintly guess that this time, it wasn’t the same as it was in the past.

“Lin Yun, there’s no need for you to do this. You don’t have to force yourself to do it. Your name will spread throughout the Ancient Barren Domain one day, and the Profound Sky Sect is invincible in the Ancient Barren Domain!” Qin Cang’s strong desire to live finally made him bow to Lin Yun with fear and reluctance in his eyes.

“You think I was joking with you? Since I said that I’ll dig out your dragon bone, then I’ll definitely do it!” Lin Yun said coldly. When he was done, his fingers pierced into Qin Cang’s chest and soon came in contact with the Golden Dragon Bone’s restrictions.

As a terrifying dragon aura exploded from Qin Cang’s Golden Dragon Bone, a devastating and destructive power began to surge from the restriction that was on it. This instantly left everyone dumbfounded because Qin Cang still had such a terrifying power when he was about to die.

This was simply too unbelievable, and the restriction also stopped Lin Yun’s fingers from going any further. At the same time, the restriction from the Golden Dragon Bone also began to spread to his hand.

As Qin Cang’s face distorted from the pain, he gritted his teeth, “Lin Yun, I said that you’ll regret it. Everyone who has tried to dig out my dragon bone are all dead, and you’re not an exception!”

“You really think too much.” Lin Yun had already expected this because his Azure Dragon True Bone also had similar restrictions back then. Thinking about the Azure Dragon True Bone back then, Lin Yun already had a solution to deal with it.

“You’ll die today!” Qin Cang’s eyes flashed with a ferocious light as a torrential dragon aura exploded. At the same time, a demonic lotus also began to bloom within his pupils. He actually relied on the restriction to recover a little and wanted to intimidate Lin Yun.

“You’re courting death!” The golden human in Lin Yun’s sword ocean formed a seal with both hands and a golden dragon flew from the sword ocean.

“Azure Dragon Annihilation!” Lin Yun roared as an azure dragon flew from his forehead and turned into a golden light that reached the Golden Dragon Bone on Qin Cang’s chest, instantly subduing the restriction, causing it to start crumbling.

“N-No! Stop!” Qin Cang threw out a mouthful of blood and began to panic.

“Come out!” Lin Yun grasped the Golden Dragon Bone even tighter before he ripped it out.

A loud boom resounded from Qin Cang’s body and his aura began to drop. When Qin Cang was sent flying back, he collapsed onto the ground in great pain while Lin Yun had a bone in his hand. The bone was glowing with a saint rune engraved on it and a dragon aura shrouding it.

“This is the Golden Dragon Bone?” Everyone immediately shifted their attention to look at the Golden Dragon Bone with greed and shock in their eyes. They all knew that the Golden Dragon Bone was a huge factor as to why Qin Cang could become so powerful, aside from his hardwork and talent.

If anyone obtained the Golden Dragon Bone, their future achievements definitely wouldn’t be at all inferior to Qin Cang. But when their gazes fell onto Lin Yun, the greed in their eyes disappeared and they could only feel a chill down their spines.

Qin Cang was already ruthless enough, but Lin Yun was even more ruthless. So what if Qin Cang had a Golden Dragon Bone? Since Qin Cang was arrogant, then Lin Yun would just dig out his Golden Dragon Bone, and this was even crueler to Qin Cang than killing him. Qin Cang was ranked first on the Empyrean Ranking, but his outcome had actually become so pathetic.

“Lin Yun, just kill me!” Qin Cang yelled in a desperate tone with his face distorted with pain. This wasn’t because of the pain in his body but the humiliation and despair he was feeling. This was something that he had never felt before.

Stowing the Golden Dragon Bone, Lin Yun said, “I already said that I won’t kill you. I will only blind you, cut off one of your arms, and destroy your meridians.”

“Stop!” But just when Lin Yun was about to make a move, a series of ferocious roars resounded outside the restriction left behind by the Profound Wither Great Saint that enveloped the Profound Wither Island. They already couldn’t bear it long ago, but Lin Yun was simply too quick when he killed Lei Jue, Xuan Ying, and the other Greater Elysium Core Realm experts.

They were already heavily injured, to begin with. So they were no different from mere ants before Lin Yun and couldn’t defend against his firmament sword intent. But when they saw that Lin Yun wasn’t going to let go of Qin Cang, how could they possibly still bear it? So all the Dragon Pulse Realm experts began roaring before they anxiously turned to look at Zhuge Qingyun.

“The Saint Sovereign has orders that we’re not allowed to interfere with what’s going on at the Profound Wither Island.” Zhuge Qingyun then sighed, “Furthermore, there’s nothing we can do. Even if there are a lot of lesser restrictions, it’s still dangerous to Samsara Edict Realm experts. You guys will only die if you guys go. The weaker the restriction is, the more terrifying it will become.”

The Profound Wither Island rumbled with the roars of ten-odd Dragon Pulse Realm elders from the Profound Sky Sect echoing throughout the heavens and earth.

As the surrounding air began to tremble, ripples started to spread out and Lin Yun’s palm slowed down. His palm was breaking through the ripples that tore the surrounding space apart with cracks spreading out, looking like a mirror.

Qin Cang squinted his eyes and quickly made use of this opportunity to struggle back to his feet. When he took several steps back and looked at Lin Yun once more, the corner of his lips twitched and he gave up struggling. He knew that the roars from the elders couldn’t stop Lin Yun unless the restriction around the Profound Wither Island breaks with the help of a Samsara Edict Realm expert. Otherwise, even a deity wouldn’t be able to save him right now.

At that moment, he knew that it was impossible to escape from Lin Yun. His constellation had shattered, his Golden Dragon Skypatching Art broke, his physique was bearing the backlash of the Profound Sky Canon, and he had also lost the Golden Dragon Bone. Not to mention Lin Yun, even a dog could take his life right now.

This enveloped Qin Cang in despair because he knew that he couldn’t die even if he wanted to. Perhaps this was the despair that many of his opponents felt when they looked at him, but he never expected that he would feel such despair one day.

As Lin Yun swiped his fingers, a sword ray flashed past and Qin Cang’s eyeballs burst. This made Qin Cang fall to the ground as he held his eyes and wailed in pain. “This sword is for Luo Shuyi. You’re a fated transcendent and ranked first on the Empyrean Ranking, but you shouldn’t humiliate a woman in this manner! You disfigured her, so I’ll make you blind!”

Without any expression, Lin Yun swiped his fingers across and Qin Cang’s right arm flew away. Then, his right arm was reduced to ashes and this meant that it was impossible for Qin Cang to reattach his right arm. “This sword is for Tang Jing!”

“This sword is for Senior Sister Ye. You gave her a palm, so I’ll give you a sword!” Lin Yun flicked his finger and his firmament sword intent shot into Qin Cang’s body and started raging havoc from within.

Qin Cang wailed in pain on the ground as he felt his meridians being destroyed, and this meant that his cultivation was swiftly being drained away from him. At this moment, the first on the Empyrean Ranking, Qin Cang, had become a cripple.

When everyone’s faces fell onto Lin Yun, they all had fear on their faces because they knew that Lin Yun had replaced Qin Cang as the first on the Empyrean Ranking. After today, the name Flower Burial would definitely spread throughout the Ancient Barren Domain.

Right at that moment, the entire Profound Whither Island began to tremble and the entire space was crumbling. Seawater geysers shot out from the cracks on the ground, and a terrifying power exploded from the depths of the Profound Wither Island, tearing the entire island apart.

Lin Yun knew that the restriction had crumbled. When the Seven Treasured Glazed Tile Pagoda fell previously, the Profound Wither Island was already destined to crumble, so his battle with Qin Cang merely quickened this process. After all, the shockwave from their battle had affected half of the Profound Wither Island.

“Let’s go. This island is going to crumble.” The audience no longer dared to stay behind and started to flee.

“Lin Yun, time for us to leave as well,” said Su Ziyao.

Lin Yun nodded his head and appeared behind the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect’s party. His gaze fell onto the terrifying wound on Luo Shuyi’s face. Qin Cang was simply too ruthless, and this made Lin Yun feel that Qin Cang had gotten off easy.

“Lady Luo, we’re going to leave. We’ll first send you out, but don’t stand together with us later,” said Lin Yun. He knew that this matter hadn’t come to an end. The Profound Sky Sect would definitely not let him off easy. So it was best for Luo Shuyi to stay with the Heavenly Note Sect’s party after leaving the Profound Wither Island.

“I know. Young Master Lin, do you have a way to find Tang Jing’s corpse?” Luo Shuyi said in a sobbing tone. She knew that this would put Lin Yun in a dangerous position, but she couldn’t forgive herself if she couldn’t even protect Tang Jing’s corpse. Tang Jing did nothing wrong, he just happened to run into her.

“Don’t worry about it. I’ll definitely find him!” Lin Yun then turned to Su Ziyao, “Ziyao, leave with them and wait for me.”

As the surrounding space began to violently tremble and started crumbling, Su Ziyao looked at Lin Yun and wanted to stay behind with him. But when she saw his gaze, her heart immediately became soft. She had cultivated the Empress Heart Sutra, and this meant that it was hard for her to fall in love with anyone. But the moment she did, she would be faithful to him for the rest of her life.

“I promise you, but you have to come back and look for me. I have something very important that I’ve not told you!” Su Ziyao bit her lips as she looked at Lin Yun with a gentle expression.

“I promise!” Lin Yun nodded his head before heading towards the depths of the island. Over there, the surrounding space was filled with cracks, looking like cracked mirrors.