Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1362 - King Among Mortals

What Zhuge Qingyun said was simply too arrogant. Lin Zhen was also a Samsara Edict Realm expert, but Zhuge Qingyun showed no respect to Lin Zhen and it was blatant humiliation. It was also clear in his words that Zhuge Qingyun didn’t place Lin Zhen in his eyes.

Not only did he want to humiliate Lin Zhen, he also ignored Lin Zhen’s identity as a Sword-Bearing Elder. At that time, not only would it be a slap on Lin Zhen’s face, but the entire Sword Sect would be humiliated along the way. His words had thoroughly enraged the Sword Sect with a powerful sword aura exploding from the Sword Sect’s party.

“Zhuge Qingyun, what do you mean?” Feng Jue had a fiery temper and raged, “You’re just alone. If we fight, it’s still unsure who will win!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“You counted yourself in that?” Zhuge Qingyun snickered with disdain.

The corner of Lin Yun’s lips twitched because Zhuge Qingyun was too arrogant. With Feng Jue’s temper, there was naturally no way he could hold himself back. But if Feng Jue made a move, then he would fall for the latter’s trap.

“Zhuge Qingyun, you’re taking it too far!” Feng Jue’s face turned red. He understood that he had just reached the Samsara Edict Realm and was weaker than the other party. But this was simply too much. Not only did Zhuge Qingyun say that he was the stupidest disciple of the Radiant Sword Saint, he didn’t even treat him like an opponent at all.

“Then let me see what ability you have to say those words!” Feng Jue finally couldn’t hold it back and a sword vibration echoed from within his body. When he drew his sword out by half an inch, a dazzling sword ray shone with a boundless sword intent.

Feng Jue was ultimately a disciple of the Radiant Sword Saint. Even if he had just reached the Samsara Edict Realm, he was still a lot stronger than other Samsara Edict Realm experts. So he had brought out his strength the moment he made his move.

Lin Zhen’s eyes flickered to the side, but he didn’t stop Feng Jue. He also knew that there was no way they could resolve this issue peacefully, so he wanted Feng Jue to test Zhuge Qingyun’s strength. So he wasn’t conflicted by it because a fight was unavoidable. But when Feng Jue drew his sword by half an inch, he couldn’t draw it out anymore as a black blur flew over.

That person was fast, and others couldn’t even see who or what it was. Just like that, Feng Jue was knocked back by the shadow, throwing out a mouthful of blood before he was sent flying away.

Up till now, everyone then realized that Zhuge Qingyun’s bamboo hat had disappeared. He was donned in black clothes, holding onto a fan and revealed his true appearance. This was a young, handsome, and flawless face. If it wasn’t for the age reflected in his eyes, everyone would even believe that he was thirty years old and a scholar.

At this moment, everyone was shocked by his appearance and strength. The black blur that attacked Feng Jue was the bamboo hat that Zhuge Qingyun previously wore. When Feng Jue fell to the ground, he immediately soared back into the sky with his sword intent filled with reluctance.

“Obediently lie down. I’ve already said that you’re not included!” Zhuge Qingyun smiled before he pushed his palm out. Along with a series of rumbles, the sea of clouds began to roll as a finger descended from the sky, looking like an ancient pillar. As the finger broke through several layers of heaven, Feng Jue was forced onto one knee by that finger with his sword aura being restricted. No matter how he struggled, he couldn’t get up.

“Is this all you got? Is this the strength that enabled you to talk before me? No wonder people call you the shame of the Radiant Sword Saint! I wonder if it’s because you’re stupid or the Radiant Sword Saint doesn’t know how to teach his disciple,” said Zhuge Qingyun with disdain reflected in his eyes.

“Zhuge Qingyun, that’s enough!” Lin Zhen sent a cold look at Zhuge Qingyun. At the same time, he was also unhappy. He didn’t think that Feng Jue was not only reckless and stupid, but he couldn’t even take a single move from Zhuge Qingyun. So he wasn’t able to estimate how strong Zhuge Qingyun was.

Zhuge Qingyun smiled. “All of you move away and give Elder Lin some face. If Elder Lin is unhappy and starts a massacre, even I can’t take care of you.”

Upon hearing that, the disciples and elders of the Profound Sky Sect immediately spread out along the surface of the ocean. They knew that they didn’t have the qualifications to interfere in a fight between Samsara Edict Realm experts even if they were at the pinnacle of the Dragon Pulse Realm.

Just the shockwave from their battle alone would be enough to kill them. In an age where saints don’t appear, Samsara Edict Realm experts were kings among mortals, not to mention that their devastating destructive prowess was unimaginable.

The Sword Sect’s disciples and elders also quickly retreated with several Dragon Pulse Realm experts protecting Lin Yun, fearing that the other Dragon Pulse Realm experts would launch a sneak attack on him to obtain his Great Saint Origin when the two kings fought.

Lin Yun sneaked a peek at Feng Jue and the corner of his lip twitched. Feng Jue’s current state was simply too pathetic to kneel from just one attack. Although Feng Jue had just reached the Samsara Edict Realm and had a huge difference in their cultivations, he still represented the Radiant Sword Saint as his disciple. So such a defeat was a little too pitiful and it would even affect the Radiant Sword Saint’s prestige.

But so what? Feng Jue is my senior brother! Lin Yun unhappily looked at Zhuge Qingyun from afar and engraved his face into his mind, wanting to take revenge for his senior brother in the future.

Suddenly, a series of sword vibrations echoed about, and the shockwave from every sword vibration would spread to over a hundred miles away. Lin Zhen was hovering in the air with seven swords behind him that opened up like a peacock tail.

Each sword had a saint rune engraved on it that shone brightly. Looking from afar, they looked like nine thousand-rune saint artifacts. The sword aura that he was giving off was like a huge mountain that restricted the entire space, stopping even time itself.

Facing Lin Zhen, Zhuge Qingyun had no panic on his face. Nine rainbows enveloped him, looking like nine divine dragons. This made the part of the sky that he was hovering in looked like an illusory world, looking colorful and gorgeous. As the light circulated, the surrounding space began to tremble and started to blur.

“It’s no wonder why you have the strongest talent under Tian Xuanzi. It looks like you’ve reached a high stage in the Profound Sky Canon,” said Lin Zhen with a grave expression.

But Zhuge Qingyun casually replied, “Make your move. The Sword Sect’s disciples have always been like swords, rather snap than bend. If I don’t make you kneel before me, you definitely won’t hand that brat over.”

“As you wish!” When Lin Zhen finished, he began to form a saint seal in each hand. When the two seals overlapped, the clouds in the sky began to roll and countless swords started to descend from the sky, forming into a profound sword ray. In the next moment, tens of thousands of swords flew towards Zhuge Qingyun.

When the sword rays descended, a piercing voice resounded that made everyone’s heads start to ache and their internal organs nearly pulverized. As the sword array circulated, the entire world began to quake with countless sword rays enveloping Zhuge Qingyun in a momentum that wanted to destroy an entire sect.

But the nine rainbow lights that enveloped Zhuge Qingyun easily knocked the swords away. When the swords landed in the ocean, they created gigantic craters on the ground. The craters were extremely terrifying, looking like they went to a deep abyss with a flowing undercurrent.

Zhuge Qingyun smiled, “It has been a decade, and you’re still playing these tricks. I might have suffered some loss a decade ago, but it’s nothing to me now!”

As he waved the fan in his hand, the surrounding space instantly began to distort and the undercurrent formed by the swords began to dissipate. When the sword rays dispersed, they exploded in the surrounding air and this made Lin Yun’s scalp tingle. Not only the sword rays, but even the shockwave alone was enough to kill him.

But it was good that they were far away because the ocean was filled with craters. The so-called “ocean” was nothing before the two of them. After all, the two of them were kings in an age where saints didn’t appear. At this moment, Lin Yun had a deep impression of those words and realized how unreliable it was to look for Zhuge Qingyun’s trouble.

When Zhuge Qingyun and Lin Zhen clashed once more, the two of them unleashed their terrifying aura and their figures began to blur with various phenomenons appearing. At the same time, Lin Yun couldn’t see their fights at all.

After the two of them separated, their eyes coldly flashed and Zhuge Qingyun barked, “Lin Zhen, come and fight!”

Just as the two of them separated, they both soared to the sky before everyone could see what was going on. As heaven shattered eighteen times, they had already reached the eighteenth layer of heaven. But even so, the two’s fight still rumbled like thunder in the ears of everyone, as if they were fighting right beside them.

“Oh my god, this is too terrifying!”

“They’re already at the eighteenth layer of heaven, and the shockwave is still so terrifying.”

“Samsara Edict Realm, kings among mortals…” All the powerful sects’ disciples and elders raised their heads with shock in their eyes. They couldn’t see them clearly but even so, they could imagine how terrifying the battle was.

Occasionally, sword rays and profound light would break through the eighteenth layer of heaven and reach the ocean, causing another series of explosions to occur. As the layers of heaven cracked open again, they could only see two blurred figures fighting in the sky.

The fight between Lin Zhen and Zhuge Qingyun made their scalps go numb with a huge wave rippling in their hearts. Suddenly, a figure descended from the sky and caused a series of waves on the ocean. When the waves settled down, Lin Zhen held onto his sword with one knee on the ground. His face was much paler than before and coughed before he threw out a mouthful of blood.

“Elder Lin!” The hearts of everyone from the Sword Sect throbbed when they saw this scene. Some of them couldn’t accept that Lin Zhen was defeated by Zhuge Qingyun. At this moment, they felt that they were tiny and powerless, which made them feel terrible.

As heaven shattered once more, starlight shone from the cracks in the sky. Zhuge Qingyun descended under the starlight, looking at Lin Zhen who was kneeling on the ground.

“Isn’t it easier to hand him over? Why force me to make a move? Looks like everyone from the Sword Sect has such a foul temper.” Zhuge Qingyun landed on the surface of the ocean.

Lin Zhen briefly struggled before he stood up with rage flashing through his eyes. “So? How long are you guys going to keep watching? Is the alliance between us still valid?”

When Zhuge Qingyun heard that, his face changed as a figure flew out from each of the powerful sects. The top-tiered experts from the six powerful sects had charged forth, and they were all kings, which meant that they were all Samsara Edict Realm experts.