Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1371 - Profound Wither Island’s Journey Coming To An End

When Feng Jue yelled out, it was clear who the newcomer was. The newcomer was the Radiant Sword Saint, one of the three sword saints of the Eastern Desolation Domain.

Lin Yun also raised his head and saw the Radiant Sword Saint landing on the summit of the snowy mountain. When the Radiant Sword Saint appeared, the killing intent enveloping Tian Xuanzi suddenly disappeared and was replaced by a gentle expression on his face, as if nothing had just happened.

“Tian Xuanzi, what did you say earlier? We already made an agreement eighteen years ago. As long as he doesn’t leave the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect, you won’t pursue that matter. Did he go back against his promise now?” The Radiant Sword Saint barked while he looked at Tian Xuanzi.

“I’m just joking,” smiled Tian Xuanzi. Looking at the warm smile on his face, no one could believe that he was the same Tian Xuanzi as before. This instantly made everyone realize that Tian Xuanzi was a terrifying person.

Lin Yun also felt a chill down his spine because he had never seen someone so terrifying. Not only was Tian Xuanzi strong, but his skill of changing his face right away was even more terrifying. This meant that Tian Xuanzi was an extremely shrewd person.

His killing intent from before was real, and judging from the killing intent in his eyes, he had already considered Jian Jingtian to be a threat. He wanted to eliminate Jian Jingtian earlier, but his killing intent disappeared when the Radiant Sword Saint appeared. This made Lin Yun wonder what Tian Xuanzi’s objective was.

Was his objective the Great Saint Origin, Jian Jingtian, or saving Zhuge Qingyun? At this moment, Lin Yun realized that Tian Xuanzi was unfathomable, and he couldn’t see through his person.

“Since you’re here, this junior won’t bother you any longer. My disciple, Zhuge Qingyun, was disappointing and couldn’t even defeat someone in the Dragon Pulse Realm. But he’s still my disciple, and I can’t just watch him die. So please don’t get angry because of it, Senior,” smiled Tian Xuanzi.

But seeing that the Radiant Sword Saint didn’t reply, Tian Xuanzi cupped his hands together, “Well then, this junior will take his leave first.”

“You should stay behind!” Suddenly, the Radiant Sword Saint moved, swiping his fingers across the air and instantly left a bloody hole on Tian Xuanzi’s chest, causing blood to flow out. “If you want to probe me, there’s no need for you to go through so much trouble to do it. I’m in the Sword Sect, and you can come anytime. If you want to play, then I’ll play with you. I’m only destroying this clone of yours today, but it won’t be that simple the next time.”

As Tian Xuanzi’s body became dim, he bitterly smiled, “The Sword Sect is still as hateful as always, every single one of you has such a foul temper.”

When he finished, his clone broke into countless fragments and dissipated away.

“Master!” Jian Jingtian went down on his knees with tears welling up in his eyes as he kowtowed.

“I don’t have a disciple like you, so don’t call me master. Remember what you said eighteen years ago? You’re not allowed to leave the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect!” The Radiant Sword Saint didn’t even look at Jian Jingtian and turned to the other Samsara Edict Realm experts, “Ladies and gentlemen, it’s time for you guys to leave. Lin Yun will join my Sword Sect, and I will give you guys an explanation if the Great Saint Origin is connected with the Southern Emperor’s tomb. So remember, Lin Yun is a disciple of my Sword Sect!”

His words made everyone’s expressions change because they never expected that the Radiant Sword Saint would personally get involved in this matter. Most importantly, he emphasized twice that Lin Yun was a disciple of the Sword Sect, and the meaning behind his words was pretty clear.

After the Radiant Sword Saint finished, he dispersed into clouds. Looking at this scene, Lin Yun widened his mouth because the Radiant Sword Saint was too strong. Was this the intimidation of a Sword Saint?

One of the three Sword Saints of the Eastern Desolation killed a clone of Tian Xuanzi the moment he came. After the Radiant Sword Saint was done speaking, the experts from the other sects no longer dared to stay there any longer and swiftly left.

Right now, Lin Yun still couldn’t believe that the Profound Wither Island would attract both the Radiant Sword Saint and Tian Xuanzi, which had far exceeded his expectations. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

No, wait. Even the Sword Emperor, Yu Qingfeng, was attracted. If others knew that even the Sword Emperor was attracted to the Profound Wither Island, it would definitely drop a bomb on the other forces. After all, the Nine Emperors were legends, and just making an appearance alone was enough to cause a huge uproar.

“Lin Yun, quick! Help my Junior Brother up!” Feng Jue anxiously yelled. He couldn’t move right now with his heavy injuries.

“Sect Master!” Lin Yun suddenly recovered from all the shock and turned to look at the summit of the snowy mountain. He could still see Jian Jingtian kneeling on the ground, which made Lin Yun wonder what Jian Jingtian did in the past for the Radiant Sword Saint to be so ruthless, not even willing to spare a glance at him even after eighteen years.

“I’ll head over immediately!” Lin Yun nodded his head. As a pair of Golden Crow Wings unfolded on his back, he landed on the summit of the snowy mountain in just a few breaths as the snow flew around. This was the place where Zhuge Qingyun and Jian Jingtian fought previously. The battle between the two of them had left a deep impression on Lin Yun’s heart, especially the strength that Jian Jingtian had displayed.

After all, Jian Jingtian had fought a Samsara Edict Realm expert when he was only at the Dragon Pulse Realm before he made a breakthrough and became a Heavenly King.

After today, Jian Jingtian would no longer become first on the three rankings but first on the four rankings. As long as there were no saints, he would become an invincible figure. But at this moment, Jian Jingtian was enveloped in sorrow and didn’t look like someone who had obtained a shocking achievement of first on the four rankings.

If the Radiant Sword Saint was willing to look at him once, just once, Lin Yun believed that even if Jian Jingtian still hadn’t walked out from the cage he had locked himself in, he would also smile like an innocent child. After all, his feelings for the Radiant Sword Saint far surpassed everything.

A long time later, Jian Jingtian finally sat down and looked at Lin Yun, who had landed on the summit of the snowy mountain. When Lin Yun looked at Jian Jingtian’s current appearance, he was shocked by Jian Jingtian’s young visage. After all, Jian Jingtian had always given him the appearance of an old geezer with a foul temper. But now, he knew where Ye Ziling got her good looks from. Looking at the young Jian Jingtian, Lin Yun had no idea how to face him now.

“You’re not injured, right?” Jian Jingtian asked, breaking the silence.

“Definitely not as heavily as you. I had an emperor helping me, and if you didn’t unleash that sword, Tian Xuanzi might have already been killed by me,” smiled Lin Yun. What he said wasn’t fake because Yu Qingfeng was planning to borrow his Flower Burial Sword earlier. If Yu Qingfeng really swung out his sword, Lin Yun believed that Tian Xuanzi’s clone would definitely be killed.

But everything was great now. If Yu Qingfeng really made a move, then it would look bad on the Sword Sect, and this was the reason why Yu Qingfeng initially didn’t want to make too big of a move.

With a smile, Jian Jingtian asked, “Is the Great Saint Origin really with you?”

Lin Yun nodded and roughly explained to Jian Jingtian what happened on the Profound Wither Island.

“Although Mas… Senior Radiant Sword Saint declared that you’re a disciple of the Sword Sect, the temptation of the Great Saint Origin is too great. So you must be careful if you go to the Ancient Barren Domain. The challenges you will face aren’t on the same level as those you faced in the Profound Azure Prefecture,” said Jian Jingtian. “There are still two months to the one-year deadline, so you better obediently stay in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect.”

Lin Yun had no opinion about that because his harvest in the Profound Wither Island was too great, and he naturally needed time to digest them.

“Are you surprised that Tian Xuanzi would appear here as if he’s here for you?” Jian Jingtian asked. “The more I think about it, the weirder it seems. After all, it makes no sense for Tian Xuanzi to make a move on you with his status.”

Lin Yun also felt that there was something fishy about that. The Great Saint Origin might be important, but did the temptation really reach the point where a saint would make a move personally? If that was the case, why didn’t the saints from the other powerful sects or saint clans come here?

It was even more baffling that Tian Xuanzi made a move against him multiple times, disregarding his status as an expert when Lin Yun was only at the Elysium Core Realm. So what exactly was Tian Xuanzi’s objective?

“Forget it. Let’s not think about that for the time being. I only want some peace right now,” said Jian Jingtian.

Lin Yun didn’t disturb Jian Jingtian right now, but before he left, he left behind the Quasi-Saint Origin. Jian Jingtian didn’t stop Lin Yun and only inwardly sighed. He was willing never to become a saint for Lin Yun, but Lin Yun left a Quasi-Saint Origin behind, clearly wanting him to become a saint. Then again, Jian Jingtian knew that if he wanted to become a saint, a Quasi-Saint Origin still wasn’t enough.

When Lin Yun returned, Feng Jue immediately asked how Jian Jingtian was. Hearing that, Lin Yun smiled bitterly because he had no idea what to say to this senior brother of his. Throughout the entire ordeal, it seemed that only his senior brother was taking the beating right from the start to the end.

Zhuge Qingyun and Jian Jingtian had both displayed their strengths, and he also gave Zhuge Qingyun a beating thanks to the Sword Emperor’s help. Only Feng Jue took a beating right from the start to the end. Even when Zhuge Qingyun was heavily injured by Jian Jingtian, Zhuge Qingyun could still send Feng Jue flying with a slap.

But Feng Jue was kind and innocent deep in his heart. Even when he was so heavily injured, he was still concerned about Jian Jingtian’s injuries.

“Senior Brother, you should care about yourself first. That fellow is in a much better state than you,” said Lin Yun before he gave a saint elixir to Feng Jue.

“Saint elixir!” Feng Jue stared straight at the saint elixir and was so touched that he nearly cried out. “Junior Brother, you’re too good to me. I’ll definitely repay you in the future!”

That was a saint elixir he was talking about. Even if Feng Jue has reached the Samsara Edict Realm, it still wouldn’t be easy for him to obtain a saint elixir, not to mention that it had an even higher value for Lin Yun. But Lin Yun gave it to him without any hesitation.

“Empress, you should recover from your injuries, too,” said Lin Yun before he took out all eight saint elixirs from his interspatial pouch and gave them to Lil’ Purple. Lil’ Purple had used the two origin divine runes, and Lin Yun was worried about her.

When Feng Jue saw this scene, he really cried out this time around.