Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1459 - Moon

An hour later, Lin Yun landed on top of another ancient tree. He saw two black figures clashing together a few thousand meters away, releasing their aura as three-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm monarch demonic beasts. A soundwave would spread out with a terrifying ominous aura whenever they roared.

When the violent gale of ominous aura blew at Lin Yun in the form of soundwaves, it made his hair flutter in the wind. One of the demonic beasts broke through the phenomenon created by their attacks and smashed through several trees, before landing before Lin Yun.

The demonic beast was covered in black fur with colored spots on its fur. This demonic beast looked ugly, with the size of nearly ninety meters and a pair of purple eyes that glittered brightly like stars. This was an Amethyst Demon Wolf, a monarch demonic beast at the three-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

As a challenger, it had fallen into a disadvantageous position and decided to retreat for now. But it was still brimming with vitality, proving that it didn’t suffer any serious injuries. As a newly promoted monarch demonic beast, the Amethyst Demon Wolf was cunning. Since it was younger, it could fight a battle of attrition with the aged ape.

As a breeze blew past, blowing Lin Yun’s fringe, the ground suddenly started to tremble as an ape way larger than the wolf appeared, baring its fangs as it charged over. This was the other monarch demonic beast, the Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape.

It seemed to have no intention of letting the Amethyst Demon Wolf go this time, planning to kill it right here so it wouldn’t have the opportunity to provoke it in its territory again. When the Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape swept its gaze over Lin Yun, its eyes flashed with disdain. This meant that it was used to see human cultivators and had a good understanding of their strengths.

So a two-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm cultivator was nothing in the eyes of the Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape. Suddenly, it opened its mouth and crimson flames were converging within before the flames flew toward Lin Yun.

When the flame was about to reach Lin Yun, it turned into a meteorite close to three hundred meters, shining brightly with starlight. It could kill any cultivator at the two-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm without a doubt if it landed. A monarch demonic beast was truly terrifying since its casual attack alone was already so powerful.

“Is it a warning, or is it trying to teach me a lesson?” Lin Yun muttered. “Is it afraid that I’ll wait for them to finish fighting before making a move? It seems to be too naive!”

The Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape probably thought that Lin Yun would get in its way, so it wanted to give him a warning before it dealt with the Amethyst Demon Wolf. But it was a pity that Lin Yun came here to train his swordsmanship. He was here to verify his comprehension of the Aquaheaven Sword Technique.

Circulating the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra, the Twelve-Petaled Netherflower bloomed in his violet palace with his astral energy radiating with a dragon roar. As Lin Yun executed the Aquaheaven Sword Technique, a white dragon flew out from him and its aura began to rise, instantly suppressing the ominous aura of the demonic beasts.

After clenching his fist, Lin Yun threw out a punch. When the white dragon roared and the netherflower trembled, the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra and Aquaheaven Sword Technique had perfectly fused together.

The crimson-flaming meteorite was instantly being eroded before it withered like a dying firework. This immediately drew the attention of the Amethyst Demon Wolf and Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape. They looked at Lin Yun, who retracted his fist on the tree.

The eyes of the Amethyst Demon Wolf flashed with fear when it saw this scene and turned its attention over, staring at Lin Yun. The Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape that had previously underestimated Lin Yun was also stumped because it thought it could heavily injure him with that attack.

“Both of you can come at me together.” Lin Yun said as he calmly looked at the two demonic beasts. At the same time, Lin Yun also released his firmament sword intent. The white dragon coiled while being in the air and began to grow rapidly with waves of sword aura pouring down onto the two demonic beasts, causing cracks to start spreading on the ground around them.

The two demonic beasts instantly let go of their grudges and looked at Lin Yun with hostility. The Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape felt provoked and launched the first attack, swinging its giant hand towards Lin Yun. On the other side, the Amethyst Demon Wolf let out a roar and dashed forth like lightning.

“Great!” Lin Yun opened his palm and the Flower Burial Sword jumped out of the sword box, before falling into his hand. When he drew his sword, a cold light flashed and spread out, instantly manifesting into a vast sea of clouds with a moon hidden in the clouds and a lake rippling over a hundred miles beneath his foot.

In that split second, all sorts of phenomena belonging to the Azureheaven Sword Technique began to unfold. The Flower Burial Sword was like a willow branch in his hand as it knocked away the Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape’s palm, unleashing explosive power despite looking so frail and sending the Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape back.

When the Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape collided with a hill, the hill that was a few thousand meters in height was instantly smashed into pieces and rubble rolled down, burying the ape underneath. This made the ape furiously roar as it knocked the rubble away.

The sea of clouds had reached its limit before the clouds split apart and a moon appeared in the sky. Under the moonlight, the Twelve-Petaled Netherflower was like an imprint on the lake's surface. Lin Yun had taken a step further to fuse the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra and Aquaheaven Sword technique.

When the Amethyst Demon Wolf charged over, brandishing its sharp claws, it left cracks in the surrounding air, looking like sword rays.

Lin Yun merely swayed before moving around the lake like a willow tree, dodging the Amethyst Demon Wolf’s attack whenever he moved. Meanwhile, Lin Yun swung his sword and easily fended off the wolf’s claws.

It didn’t take long for them to exchange ten-odd moves, and the Amethyst Demon Wolf’s momentum had slightly weakened after their clash. This made the purple mark on Lin Yun’s forehead light up when he sensed that. This made him suddenly take a step forth when he had been retreating. As he spun in mid-air, he gently pricked the Amethyst Demon Wolf with the Flower Burial Sword, and a moon flew out of the lake beneath him.

The moon collided with the Amethyst Demon Wolf before it could react, sending it flying away. Under this attack, cracking sounds came from the wolf’s bones as blood kept spilling out of its mouth.

Right then, a loud explosion echoed as the first layer of heaven was torn apart. The Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape furiously crushed all the rubble before it charged forth like a juggernaut towards Lin Yun.

It easily crushed the moon that flew out from the lake when it threw out a punch. But when the moon shattered, there was still the moon in the clouds. When it lowered its head, it saw another moon at the bottom of the lake, which instantly left the Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape dumbfounded.

As it turned its head over, the Amethyst Demon Wolf was lying on the ground, wailing in pain. Only then did the Scarlet Dragon-Blooded Ape know this wasn’t an illusion, but it still couldn’t figure out what was going on.

The Amethyst Demon Wolf also didn’t stay on the ground for long before it charged forth and ganged up on Lin Yun with the ape.

Facing them, Lin Yun unleashed his sword aura. He might seem to be facing two demonic beasts, but the surroundings were filled with his sword aura. When the sword aura of the Aquaheaven Sword Technique reached the limit, the two demonic beasts simultaneously threw themselves at Lin Yun.

But they passed by Lin Yun as if he was an illusion, which confused the two demonic beasts. When the two demonic beasts looked around, they couldn’t find him. Nothing aside from the Netherflower’s petals that were scattered on the lake and the moon at the bottom of the lake.

As the clouds spread out in the sky, the white dragon disappeared into the clouds. When the two demonic beasts raised their heads, they saw the clouds splitting apart, revealing a moon. On the moon, there was a person who smiled down at them, and who else could it be aside from Lin Yun?

But the two demonic beasts became even more confused as he disappeared from the moon and couldn’t be found anywhere. It was as if Lin Yun was never there to begin with, and he had already left. But the two demonic beasts suddenly became even more nervous, with fear looming over their hearts.

When Lin Yun reappeared, a figure flew out from the moon in the sky and the moon at the bottom of the lake. When the two figures overlapped, they were both Lin Yun. They swung their swords.

When one hundred and eight intents fused, the two demonic beasts’ heads flew away as Lin Yun landed on the ground and sheathed his sword.