Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1475 - News On The Dragon Bone!

Lin Yun’s eyes lit up when he heard of the Dragon-Blooded Crystal because the treasure was finally here. His Azure Dragon Saint Art was stuck at the tenth stage, and he wouldn’t be able to handle top-tiered experts without a dragon bone.

For example, Jin Xuanyi could destroy all five thousand dragon runes with a single blow. Then again, this was also related to the Golden Firmament Sword Sutra that Jin Xuanyi cultivated, with characteristics that could tear apart everything. If it was someone else at the five-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm, there was no way they could achieve that.

“This treasure was initially meant to appease Jin Xuanyi and Ji Shuxuan, but I didn’t expect it to fall into your hands, instead.” Feng Luan smiled.

When Lin Yun received the box, he could feel the heavy weight. This was a treasure that’s on the same level as the Divine Golden Crow Iron, and it was extremely precious. If it were the past, the geniuses on the top ten of the Earth Ranking would definitely be unhappy if it was given to Lin Yun. But no one dared to say a word after he suppressed everyone on the top ten in the Five Peaks Competition.

“I’ll be taking my leave now, then!” Feng Luan left after he delivered the treasure. On the other hand, Mu Qingqing wasn’t in a hurry to leave and just stared at Lin Yun.

“Junior Sister, do I have anything on my face?” Lin Yun smiled.

“No. I just realized that you’re pretty handsome.” Mu Qingqing smiled.

“Oh?” Lin Yun also smiled.

Mu Qingqing instantly realized that she had slipped her tongue, but she wasn’t bashful, and she continued with a smile, “You’re pretty handsome. But it’s a pity, I should’ve pulled you towards my Scarlet Firmament Peak!”

“Junior Sister, are you still not going to give up?” Lin Yun laughed.

“There’s nothing I can do even if I’m unwilling to give up. I’m only here to see you. Remember to visit Scarlet Firmament Peak when you have the time. My big sister is inquisitive about you.” Mu Qingqing gave Lin Yun a wink.

But Lin Yun merely maintained his silence. He knew that it would be an act of provocation if he headed to the Scarlet Firmament Peak now. But he did want to meet Mu Qingqing’s elder sister; he was curious about the Heaven Ranking’s disciples of the Sword Sect.

“Alright, I’ll stop teasing you. I’m leaving, too.” Mu Qingqing smiled before she left.

“What a scumbag, laying your hands on another girl!” Lil’ Purple rolled her eyes in the sword box.

“H-How can you blame me for this?” Lin Yun bitterly smiled, since there was nothing he could say in retaliation.

“Hmph, it’s all your fault, you scumbag!” Lil’ Purple sourly said as she unhappily looked at Mu Qingqing. She couldn’t figure out how this scumbag was handsome. Not to mention that Mu Qingqing even praised Lin Yun in front of her, which made her unhappy.

Lin Yun casually dealt with her; his attention was on the Dragon-Blooded Crystal. The fist-sized crimson crystal was giving off a dazzling light, and a dragon-shaped liquid was within the crystal. But it was actually a form of mysterious metal that was between the solid and liquid states.

After Lil’ Purple gradually became exhausted from her ranting, she said, “Lin Yun, what do you plan to do now? When will you give this empress my five thousand kilograms of true dragon saint liquid?”

“Five thousand kilograms? Didn’t you say five hundred kilograms?” Lin Yun raised his brow. He was completely broke and had nothing on him except for a few treasures. So where would he find so much true dragon saint liquid for her? He still has yet to gather enough resources for his own cultivation.

“You’ve already stepped on the top ten of the Earth Ranking. So five hundred kilograms is no longer fitting of your status!” Lil’ Purple said as if it was a matter of course.

“Get lost!” Lin Yun berated.

“Hmph, no way! Five thousand kilograms of true dragon saint liquid! Five thousand! Five thousand!” Lil’ Purple ranted excitedly, seeing Lin Yun was starting to get annoyed.

This gave Lin Yun a headache, and he could only pretend he didn’t hear anything from her. The best way to collect true dragon saint liquid would be to leave the sect to train or exchange it with contribution points. But he had no plans of leaving for the time being.

Now that he thought about it again, he could see his master again in slightly more than a month. Since he had many questions, he naturally looked forward to meeting his master. Aside from some questions concerning the Aquaheaven Sword Technique, he wanted to ask about the fifth-grade sword intent.

He wanted to know what was above firmament sword intent because he had never heard of it. He speculated that even the elders of the Sword Sect roughly knew about the name of the fifth-grade sword intent and nothing else. But Lin Yun didn’t even know about the name.

While he was in deep thought, Lil’ Purple’s voice was still ranting in his ears, making him feel helpless before he entered the sword box, “Consider me afraid of you.”

He swiftly reached the center of the secret realm in the sword box, where the phoenix tree was located, in a few flickers. When compared to before, there was no change to the phoenix tree. It was still a sapling.

“So slow…” Lin Yun sighed.

“Without sufficient true dragon saint liquid, it’ll take a hundred years to grow by a meter.” Lil’ Purple said in a sorrowful tone.

“Is it essential to you?” Lin Yun asked as he looked at Lil’ Purple.

“I…” Just as Lil’ Purple was about to blurt it out, she quickly stopped when she saw the solemn expression on Lin Yun’s face. She knew that if she really said it, Lin Yun would find a way to gather the true dragon saint liquid for her, even if he had to put his life in danger.

“This secret realm is connected with me, and the phoenix tree concerns my strength. If it can grow by a meter, this secret realm will recover by one-hundredth. But if it doesn’t reach one meter, I won’t be able to reach the Dragon Pulse Realm, no matter what…” Lil’ Purple replied after a brief pondering. “But I’m not in a rush for it. Even if I reached the Samsara Edict Realm, I wouldn’t be able to find my main body.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Where’s your main body?” Lin Yun asked. He had been curious about this for a long time. This was because Lil’ Purple had sins on her, not to mention that she calls herself the Supreme Heavenly Slaughtering Emperor. So if that was true…

“I don’t know.” Lil’ Purple furrowed her brows. “Logically speaking, I should’ve died in the Battle of the Gods during the Golden Era. But I can still sense that my main body is around, and I’m not dead. Perhaps I can only uncover the mystery when I see the Iris Sword Saint.”

“He’s really not dead?” Lin Yun asked.

“That’s impossible!” Lil’ Purple shook her head. “He grasped the Nirvana Dao and was the only one who grasped it during ancient times. What you saw back in the Profound Amber Realm was just his avatar. But I have no idea where he is right now.”

Seeing that Lil’ Purple was so confident about it, Lin Yun no longer continued on that topic and looked at the gigantic crimson cocoon that was hovering in the air before him. This crimson cocoon was naturally Lil’ Red.

It had formed into a cocoon ever since it came out of the Barren Sword Mound and benefited greatly. When it breaks out, it would be in the Dragon Pulse Realm, and its dragon bloodline would further awaken. So Lin Yun was looking forward to seeing how strong it would become paired with the Ancient Dracoape Art.

Recollecting his thoughts, Lin Yun looked at the phoenix tree sapling and said, “I’ll find a way to get some true dragon saint liquid after meeting my master. But five thousand kilograms is a little too much, and I need time.”

“Hehe, take your time. I’m not in a hurry, I just need your promise.” Lil’ Purple chuckled. She was happy Lin Yun still cared about her and even acknowledged the five thousand kilograms. So she became even more satisfied as she looked at Lin Yun, “This emperor suddenly thinks what that lass said is right. You’re pretty handsome.”

“Ha. Ha.” Lin Yun smiled indifferently. When he was done talking to Lil’ Purple, he left the secret realm, “I’ll go and refine the Dragon-Blooded Crystal. I need to improve the Azure Dragon Saint Art, or it’ll feel terrible to have the dragon runes continuously shattered by others.”

He came to the cultivating chamber and sat down with the Dragon-Blooded Crystal hovering before him. When he circulated the Azure Dragon Saint Art, the Blood Flame Divine Runes in his heart began to blaze.

Shortly after, the five thousand dragon runes also blazed as they moved towards the Dragon-Blooded Crystal from his body. When a blazing energy gushed from the Dragon-Blooded Crystal, Lin Yun could clearly sense that the dragon runes were swiftly improving while devouring the crystal.

It didn’t take long for flames to appear on the surface of his energy. The power that was obtained from the crystal was exploding within his body like a volcano.

“Holy shit!” Lin Yun was startled by this terrifying power that felt like a detonated volcano that had been accumulating for hundreds of years. When the dragon aura exploded from the crystal, the process of refining the Dragon-Blooded Crystal was no longer easy.

It was fortunate that the Azure Dragon Saint Art was a high quality body-refining technique that could curb the dragon aura. Otherwise, the consequences would be dire if he recklessly refined the Dragon-Blooded Crystal.

Ten days later, Lin Yun’s body heard a draconic roar as his Azure Dragon Saint Art broke through to the eleventh stage. He was only one step away from complete mastery of this body-refining technique. Simultaneously, the dragon runes on the surface of his body grew to eight thousand. Most importantly, the dragon runes received some of the crystal's traits after refining it.

When Lin Yun opened his eyes, ten-odd dragon runes appeared on his arm. They swiftly fused when they left his body to form a slender sword. The sharpness of the sword was surprising, and it was comparable to saint artifacts. He could even sense the fluctuation of saint runes coming from it.

“The Dragon-Blooded Crystal seems to have changed the essence of the dragon runes…” Lin Yun fell into deep thoughts as he looked at the slender sword. It was similar to real metal, which meant that it would be harder for others to destroy the dragon runes since they were infinitely close to saint artifacts in terms of toughness.

Right then, a bell echoed from the Cloud Soaring Peak. An azure eagle was hovering just outside the peak. This was a letter eagle domesticated by the sect.

When Lin Yun saw that someone had given him a letter, the first person he thought of was Su Ziyao. But Su Ziyao was in the Divine Dragon Empire, and it was too inconvenient to deliver any letters, not to mention that Lin Yun knew Su Ziyao well. If she had something to say, she would come here personally herself.

Waving his hand, the azure eagle flew down. When Lin Yun looked at the note tied to the azure eagle, he opened it and softly read, “Fifth of July, news on the Dragon Bone!”

When the note ignited, Lin Yun was surprised. No indication on the note said who sent it or an address. But Lin Yun knew that it must be An Liuyan. She must’ve found news on a dragon bone!