Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1484 - Seventh-Layer of Heaven

To sum up, briefly, there was Can Jiu, who was a poison master; Ding Lei, a mix-blood of the Demon Clan; Xiao Yun, a spiritualist; and Chen Yan, who was proficient in the way of fire. Aside from that, Elder Chen was the strongest amongst them, being at the eight-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm.

No one knew about his relationship with An Liuyan, but he seemed like a servant. He was also An Liuyan’s biggest reliance on this trip and her trump card to keep everyone in check, aside from Lin Yun, who appeared to have joined the party through relationships.

Her usual bewitching temperament was all an act; a means to win people’s hearts and for her business in the Heavenly Cauldron Pavilion. At this moment, there was an undisguised pride with ambitions surging within the depth of her pupils.

“Everyone should know where and what we’re going to do on this trip. After this trial, there will only be five envoys left. This trial might be cruel, but the authority and resources I’ll grasp if I make it through will increase tenfold.” An Liuyan said. “The Heavenly Astral Pavilion is one of the seven demonic sects in the Eastern Desolation, and the foundation isn’t at all inferior to the Sword Sect. In terms of strength, we’re even stronger.”

Lin Yun had no change in his expression when he heard that since the Sword Sect had been declining after it fell from being a holy land. The Sword Sect was solely being supported by the Radiant Sword Saint for all these years, and the Profound Sky Sect was even vaguely suppressing them. So what An Liuyan said wasn’t false, and everyone else knew the weight of An Liuyan’s words. They received a lot of benefits from her. So they knew how generous she was being.

“However, I also have to clarify to all of you how dangerous this trip can be. The envoys ranked in the top five will have two additional quotas and nine-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm experts. Those are practically invincible existences, and death is unavoidable in the clash between envoys. After all, the price for failure is too great…” Elder Chen interrupted. His words made the surrounding atmosphere a little heavy, and everyone soon calmed down.

It was a piece of despairing news for them that the envoys in the top five had two additional quotas and even nine-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm experts. But since they had already promised An Liuyan, there was no way out now. Then again, the greater the risk, the greater the reward. No one here was a pushover, and they have often wandered between life and death.

“The rules are simple. Whoever can bring more treasures out will be the winner.” An Liuyan briefly explained the rules of this trial.

Lin Yun fell into deep thought when he heard. There seemed to be a loophole in the rules. But Xiao Yun already asked it before he could, “What if someone cheats by bringing treasures in?”

“It’s impossible to cheat. The treasures in the astral realm are tainted with the astral realm’s aura, and that aura is distinctive. So no one can cheat in this trial. Now then, let us get going. We’re already late, and I’ll tell you guys more about the astral realm when we get there.” An Liuyan said.

The group swiftly set off after a short preparation. The astral realm was located in the seventh layer, and they would have to use astral beasts to travel there, such as the Profound Astral Bird, tamed by the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect.

“You guys can wait for me outside the city.” An Liuyan said before she left.

“Come with me.” Elder Chen said, looking at everyone. After everyone followed him out Azurerock City, they waited in a relatively remote mountain outside the city.

When night fell, a silver bird appeared in their sights. This was a monarch astral beast in the Dragon Pulse Realm.

“Profound Yin Eagle!” Lil’ Purple sighed in the sword box.

“What’s wrong?” Lin Yun asked.

“Nothing much. I’m just surprised to see a bird possessing the bloodline of the Silver Phoenix. This An Liuyan isn’t simple.”

“What’s so weird about it? An Liuyan is in charge of such a huge chamber of commerce, so it shouldn’t be weird for her to possess such a mount.”

“Ha!” Lil’ Purple sneered, but she didn’t bother explaining.

“Come up!” Along with An Liuyan’s call, everyone rose to the sky and landed behind the Profound Yin Eagle. The silver feathers of the eagle were tougher than metal and shimmered with a faint luster. It also had a wingspan that reached over a hundred meters in length.

The back of the eagle was spacious for everyone, not to mention that the eagle also came along with a barrier. This meant that no matter how fast it flew, it would feel no different from standing on the ground while they were on the back of the eagle.

The Profound Yin Eagle swiftly broke through the first layer of heaven. After breaking through the first layer of heaven, it increased its speed further and soon brought everyone to the sixth-layer of heaven. The sixth-layer of heaven was filled with danger, in the form of demonic beasts and other threats. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

But when they got close, the demonic beasts were swiftly intimidated by the Profound Yin Eagle’s aura from the phoenix bloodline. This meant the entire journey in the sixth-layer of heaven was smooth.

After they reached the seventh-layer of heaven, the Profound Yin Eagle began to slow down. The strength of many of the demonic beasts that were here weren’t inferior to the eagle, nor were they afraid of the phoenix bloodline’s aura.

This place was covered in thunderclouds and flames that formed into various phenomena. But the Profound Yin Eagle had avoided most of the dangers. It was fast and agile, not to mention that it was also familiar with the environment at the seventh-layer of heaven.

Half a month later, the Profound Yin Eagle stopped on a meteorite. Before them was a grey mist and flames that filled the sky, which looked strange, the grey clouds were vast, and the Profound Yin Eagle couldn’t detour through it.

“Elder Chen, we’ll need your help. It’s too troublesome to bypass this mist.” An Liuyan said.

When Elder Chen opened his eyes, his pupils shone brightly. Before everyone could react, Elder Chen turned into a black streak and shot into the grey mist. The next moment, a dazzling flash of lightning exploded from the depths of the grey fog.

But it was a pity they couldn’t see through the thick fog. This scene made Lin Yun’s eyes flicker because this meant that Elder Chen had a high attainment in Thunder Dao. Even if he ran into a nine-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm, it shouldn’t be a problem for him to hold his opponent down for some time, and he was surprised that An Liuyan would have someone so terrifying by her side.

Half an hour later, a loud thunderclap exploded, and the poisonous mist dissipated. Seeing this opportunity, the Profound Yin Eagle dashed forth without a strand of delay.

When Elder Chen returned, he was holding onto something and said with a smile, “This Flame Python was using the sacred flames to temper its beast core. Here, you can have it.”

When Chen Yan held onto it, it looked like a sphere of azure flames. This immediately made Chen Yan’s eyes light up, “Profound Azurethunder Flames!”

Elder Chen merely replied with a smile and didn’t say much.

After passing through the grey fog region, the remaining journey was smooth. It took seven days for them to arrive at a stretch of a crimson asteroid belt. An Liuyan then explained that asteroid belts were common in the seventh-layer of heaven, and their destination was nearby.

An Liuyan first hopped off the Profound Yin Eagle before everyone else followed her, landing on an asteroid. They could only see crimson in the surroundings, which looked like a sea of flames, and the asteroids looked like islands that were enveloped in fire.

Everyone was breath taken by this scene, and they could sense pressure coming from all directions. After losing the protection of the Profound Yin Eagle, they would have to face the harsh environment of the seventh-layer of heaven by themselves.

“So many people…” Ding Lei swept his gaze over and could see many people on the other asteroids. Since he had the Demon Clan’s bloodline and cultivated a body-refining technique, he wasn’t too bothered by the environment.

“These are the core disciples of the Heavenly Astral Pavilion. The resources of an undeveloped astral realm are astronomical, and the Heavenly Astral Pavilion will naturally make full use of it…” An Liuyan explained.

“So, where’s the astral realm?” Xiao Yun raised his head, searching for the astral realm.

“The Divine Dragon Empire’s Scarlet Battalion patrols the thirty-six layers of heaven, and not even the Heavenly Astral Pavilion would dare to touch the astral realm the moment they find it.” Elder Chen explained.

When he mentioned the Scarlet Battalion, Can Jiu, Ding Lei, and Chen Yan’s eyes flashed with fear. But Xiao Yun wasn’t too bothered, and asked, “So?”

“So the location of the astral realm is disguised by the elders of the Heavenly Astral Pavilion with an array. The astral realm will only be revealed after everyone arrives.” Elder Chen continued.

“What kind of force is the Scarlet Battalion that all of you are so afraid of?” Xiao Yun said with a playful smile, but everyone ignored him.

A brief moment later, Elder Chen explained, “The Scarlet Battalion is a troop trained by the Divine Dragon Empire through the most brutal methods. They’re the blades of the empire, and if the Scarlet Battalion eyes a demonic cultivator, their death wouldn’t be far. But you’re not a demonic cultivator, so you don’t have to worry about the Scarlet Battalion.”

But Elder Chen became silent after he was done. He wasn’t very willing to bother Xiao Yun.

When Xiao Yun heard what Elder Chen said, he rubbed his chin with interest, “The empire’s blade? That sounds interesting.”

His words made several people glare at him, but no one paid any attention to him. After arriving here, An Liuyan sat with her eyes closed to rest her mind. Seeing this, everyone else also sat down and meditated.

But just when Lin Yun was about to meditate as well, Xiao Yun suddenly came to him. Along the way, they became acquainted with each other. The other demonic cultivators didn’t like Xiao Yun and didn’t treat Lin Yun as someone on the same level. So Xiao Yun and Lin Yun naturally befriended each other.

“Brother Lin, you’re not going to go on a walk?” Xiao Yun said, winking his eyes. But Lin Yun didn’t bother him and sat down with his hands on his knees.

“Tsk, tsk. Are you not curious about what kind of place the astral realm is like?” Xiao Yun leaned closer instead and secretly transmitted his voice.

Looking surprised, Lin Yun asked, “You can break the array set up by the Heavenly Astral Pavilion?”

“I know a bit about it.” Xiao Yun proudly said.

Lin Yun was surprised when he heard that, but he wasn’t attracted by that suggestion because there was no meaning in finding the astral realm earlier.

“You better not act rashly. After all, no one can save you if you run into other envoys.” Lin Yun said.

Hearing that, Xiao Yun could only dispel his thoughts and helplessly sit down.