Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1488 - Picking the Lightflow Saint Fruit (1)

Even though An Liuyan failed, anyone could tell that she was strong. So this meant that she must be a monstrous genius of a particular sect.

When everyone heard that Lin Yun wanted to try it, they immediately focused. After all, to be together with An Liuyan meant that Lin Yun wasn’t simple, either. So everyone wanted to see how unique Lin Yun was.

As for that woman from the Blood Rain Pavilion, she spoke in disdain, “I don’t believe he can pick the Lightflow Saint Fruit. He’s merely at the four-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm and probably used some tricks to enter the Dragon Remnant Astral Realm!”

But Lin Yun ignored her, which was the same for An Liuyan. She smiled, “You’ll definitely be able to retrieve them if you make a move.”

“You trust me that much?” Lin Yun asked, holding onto his chin.

“Well, you’re the man that I chose!” An Liuyan winked as she said something ambiguous.

This made Lin Yun smile because she was getting bolder. But she wasn’t exactly wrong either; it depends on how you decipher those words.

“Brother, are you sure about that? Can it be that you have a high-grade saint artifact? If you do, can you lend it to me?” The middle-aged fatty urgently asked, seeing how confident Lin Yun was. They gathered to see if anyone had a complete set of saint artifacts. Either that or they were there waiting for their companions. The middle-aged fatty’s words also instantly drew everyone’s gazes to him.

“I’ll give it a try, first.” Lin Yun smiled. As he walked forth, everyone quickly made way for him with their gazes fixed on Lin Yun.

Seven steps later, Lin Yun stopped because he would be in the range of the tree if he took another step forth. So he would face the assaults of the tree. Looking at the saint fruits on the tree, Lin Yun took a deep breath. He was interested in the Lightflow Saint Fruits, and it was simply unheard of that a saint artifact could boost one’s cultivation by one star.

Soaring to the sky, Lin Yun instantly enveloped the scope of the tree. The tree immediately started to tremble as dozens of leaves flew out, turning into streaks of light that seemed to have merged with the air. It was so fast that it couldn’t be seen with the naked eye. Under this speed, even a strand of hair could slay an Elysium Core Realm expert.

Lin Yun calmly closed his eyes. He didn’t see with his eyes but relied on his senses and pushed the Divine Sunchasing Art to the limit. This shocked everyone when they saw that Lin Yun was unharmed under the assault of those leaves.

When Lin Yun got close to the tree, he simply flicked his finger and unleashed a sword ray, removing a Lightflow Saint Fruit from the tree. But when the Lightflow Saint Fruit left the branch, it immediately turned into a streak of light and escaped with several tree branches lashing out from the tree.

Lin Yun didn’t hesitate to make a seal with his hands and summoned the Golden Crow Wings. As a pair of golden wings with a wingspan of twenty meters appeared behind him, they immediately enveloped him in golden light, which also increased his speed, causing the branches to miss.

When he reappeared, he stretched his right hand out as fast as lightning and grabbed onto the Lightflow Saint Fruit before it could flee. Light swept over like a vortex, and a crystal clear fruit soon appeared in his hand.

“He got it!” Bursts of exclamation resounded from the crowd as they looked at Lin Yun with disbelief.

But just when everyone thought that Lin Yun would return, Lin Yun stowed the fruit and headed to the tree instead. This time, nearly a hundred leaves flew in his direction. This surprised Lin Yun because it felt as though the hostility from the tree against him had increased, but it would only make it more fun.

With a smirk, the golden wings behind him disappeared as a draconic roar echoed from his body. As he pushed the azure dragon intent to the limit, a thunderstorm began to appear, turning him into a tornado that was enveloped in lightning.

When the leaves collided with the tornado, they instantly rebounded. After everything settled down, Lin Yun came before another Lightflow Saint Fruit and grabbed onto it. He missed because the Lightflow Saint Fruit had disappeared. This was the fastest speed of the Lightflow Saint Fruit, and it was practically impossible for anyone to grab it.

Simultaneously, eighteen tree branches swept over and tore the space in its path apart. Lin Yun spread his arms apart, and the Golden Crow Wings reappeared behind him as he retreated. When he landed on the ground, the golden wings disappeared as he stretched a fist before An Liuyan.

Everyone’s gazes were on his fist. When his fist opened up, it was the second Lightflow Saint Fruit that he grabbed when he retreated, and the sight of the fruit instantly caused a series of uproar.

“Here, it’s for you!” Lin Yun smiled.

An Liuyan rolled her eyes before she took the fruit and looked bashful.

“Wow! That was amazing, brother!” The middle-aged man fatty exclaimed.

“I should be able to obtain another one.” Lin Yun said as he looked at the tree.

“Don’t do that, brother. Heed my advice. Didn’t you realize that the difficulty will double every time you pick one? The tree remembers your aura, which is why the difficulty will increase. Moreover, only the first fruit consumed will be effective.” The middle-aged man fatty explained.

“I see…” Lin Yun no longer said a word after hearing that.

“How powerful. Can it be that he has hidden his cultivation?”

“It has nothing to do with his cultivation. His Golden Crow Wings are a little terrifying and possess a saint rune. It’s not on the same level as a pair of wings condensed through astral energy.”

“No matter what, he’s not simple!” Exclamations resounded from the surroundings. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Brother, how can I address you?” The middle-aged fatty, Mo Li, wanted to befriend Lin Yun after seeing his strength.

“His name is Lin Tian, my Heavenly Astral Pavilion’s guest.” An Liuyan answered with a smile before Lin Yun could.

“The Heavenly Astral Pavilion’s guest!” Mo Li was surprised, but that was an unfamiliar name.

Lin Yun turned to look at An Liuyan. Her thoughts were meticulous because many people knew that the Profound Wither Key was in his possession. So if his identity were disclosed, these demonic cultivators wearing a smile would bear their fangs at him in the next second.