Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1493 - Jade Frost Cave

Lan Siyu was sent flying away while throwing out blood after seven swords from Lin Yun. There was no way for Lan Siyu not to be shocked. After all, Lin Yun killed the two seven-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm experts because of the bizarre, eerie aura. Those two couldn’t move, and they didn’t think Lin Yun would suddenly attack them.

But Lan Siyu was a genuine expert at the seven-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm without having his strength suppressed. As one of the seven core disciples from the Netherworld Hall, it was enough to prove his strength, even if he was ranked last. He wasn’t someone the likes of a five-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm could contend with.

His gaze soon fell onto the sword in Lin Yun’s hand, and he felt it must be because of that. It wasn’t weird either because the Flower Burial Sword had devoured an exotic flower, increasing its saint runes by four thousand, and it had close to seven thousand saint runes in total.

So the sword's power was much stronger, and he naturally thought that the sword was why Lin Yun could defeat him. Without that sword, it wouldn’t be that easy for Lin Yun to defeat Lan Siyu. Then again, it was just a little more troublesome and wasn’t like what Lan Siyu thought it to be.

“Who the hell are you?” Lan Siyu’s eyes blazed with rage as he watched Lin Yun approach him.

“Lin Tian.” Lin Yun replied.

“What are you trying to do? Do you know who I am?” Lan Siyu suddenly became nervous after seeing Lin Yun approaching him. He was a little terrified, especially after fighting Lin Yun earlier. He felt that the sword might even be an ancient myriad rune saint artifact or a monarch saint artifact.

Lin Yun dashed forth, swinging his sword and instantly covered Lan Siyu’s face in blood with a few broken teeth flying out. This surprised Lin Yun because he should’ve taken Lan Siyu’s life with that swing.

Aside from saint armor, Lan Siyu seemed to possess a pendant-type artifact, granting him a strong protective ability.

This instantly made Lan Siyu, struggling to get back on his feet, plunge into fear. It was clear that Lin Yun really was planning to kill him. It didn’t matter if he was one of the seven core disciples of the Netherworld Hall or even a direct descendant of the Lan Clan.

Right then, the riverbed exploded, revealing a jade-white cave that was emitting a terrifying chill and ancient aura. Anyone could tell that this wasn’t simple.

In the brief moment Lin Yun was being distracted, Lan Siyu had already executed his movement technique to flee. As he ran, he viciously roared, “You’re dead! And you as well, An Liuyan! No one can save you guys! The Dragon Remnant Astral Realm will be your coffins!”

But Lin Yun merely glanced at him and chose not to go after him. When An Liuyan came over, she locked her brows together. “Why did you let him go just like that?”

“It’s not easy to kill him. He has a pendant, and it’s probably a myriad rune saint artifact.” Lin Yun said as he fell into deep thoughts.

“A myriad rune saint artifact? The Lan Clan does have the wealth…” An Liuyan said.

Not far away, many cultivators were attracted by the saint light from before, and they were all hidden in the dark. But they clearly saw what Lin Yun did. Everyone knew An Liuyan had a five-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm cultivator beside her, but no one expected that he would be so powerful.

Lan Siyu was an expert at the seven-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm, and Lin Yun had easily defeated him.

“Amongst the seven demonic sects, the Netherworld Hall and Blood Moon Sect are on the same level; they’re one level above the others. He’s dead since he dares to kill someone from the Netherworld Hall.”

“He’s too impulsive. He should’ve put up with it. Now, he’s made himself an enemy of the Netherworld Hall.”

“I heard that the Netherworld Hall has another core disciple, and Lan Siyu probably went to look for his senior brother. All six of his senior brothers are ruthless people.”

“Who’s he looking for? Aren’t all of the core disciples at the Dragon Burial Valley?”

“I don’t know who it is, exactly. The demonic sects were obstructed in the Dragon Burial Valley, so many people backed down.” As they discussed amongst themselves, one figure after another walked out, interested in the cave. But they were also afraid because they had seen how the two guests following Lan Siyu were frozen.

But after several attempts, they realized that they would be safe if they used their astral energy to protect themselves beforehand. At least the chill aura, for now, wouldn’t harm them. Now that they thought about it, those two guests died unjustly and were careless because they were attracted by that saint sword earlier. In the next moment, one person after another dove into the cave.

“Are we going down?” An Liuyan asked, looking at Lin Yun.

“There’s something weird about this cave. It’s not as simple as these people think.” Lin Yun said with a brief hesitation on his face.

“Then, I’ll call Elder Chen and the others over.” An Liuyan suggested after a brief pondering.

“It might be too late, then. I’ll think of something.” Lin Yun wanted treasure but he didn’t want to die in vain.

A figure streaked across the sky, heading towards the cave. But he suddenly paused and turned back. He was Xiao Yun, rejoicing when he saw Lin Yun and An Liuyan, “Brother Lin, Envoy An, you’re both here?

“Hehe, you guys must’ve been attracted to this cave. I noticed this place a hundred miles away with my Profound Yin Saint Eyes, and there are definitely treasures here!” Xiao Yun confidently said.

Lin Yun had no objection to that because he knew this place was probably special since it could give birth to an exotic ten thousand-year-old flower.

“Let’s go in together.” Xiao Yun urged.

“Let’s go, then.” Lin Yun said after a brief hesitation.

In a ruin located in the desert, Lan Siyu met his senior brother, Xie Feng, who was ranked sixth. This person had a robust figure and was donned in silver armor that had a pair of wings.

These wings had a silver skeleton and crimson feathers filled with a dark baleful aura. Aside from that, he had twenty-odd guest subordinates, and his men were much stronger than Lan Siyu.

Amongst them, five were at the eight-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm and one at the nine-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm. After they retreated from the Dragon Burial Valley, they were fearless in their path, and no one dared to compete with them in the various ruins.

The nine-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm expert was an old man who possessed an eerie temperament. His name was Ku Ying, ranked 806 on the Elysium Core Ranking!

This was a ruthless person, and his cultivation had long reached a terrifying height with over two hundred years of age. He was practically invincible in the Elysium Core Realm. Someone like him would have made a breakthrough to the Dragon Pulse Realm if his lifespan wasn’t coming to an end.

When Xie Feng heard what Lan Siyu said, he wore an eerie smile, “Lin Tian, a name that I’ve never heard of. Since he dares to kill someone from our Netherworld Hall, it might be a fake name, and he probably has a huge origin!”

The Netherworld Hall was a demonic sect, and demonic sects were known for their brutality. Generally speaking, not many people dared to provoke the demonic sects, especially a behemoth like the Netherworld Hall.

As he gritted his teeth, Lan Siyu had rage on his face, “He also has an ancient saint sword. A rare saint sword forged with metallic wood is extremely terrifying. I lost after one…two hundred swords, and he’s only at the five-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm!”

A light flashed through Ku Ying’s pupils, and he asked, “Metallic wood? What kind of wood? Divine Wood, Divine Dragon Wood, Phoenix Blood Wood, Golden Crow Wood, Kunwu Wood, or Forging Wood?”

“I… I wasn’t able to see it clearly.” Lan Siyu said in a stuttering voice. How could he possibly recognize it at his current level? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Xie Feng rolled his eyes and smiled. “We’ll know after going to take a look. Didn’t you say there’s a cave there? We can take this opportunity to take a look there. Envoy An is famous, and I naturally want to meet her as well. I wonder if she tastes good…”

He didn’t place Lin Yun in his eyes because he knew that Lan Siyu was a piece of garbage. If he didn’t come from an Ancient Saint Clan, he wouldn’t be able to reach his current position, and his cultivation wasn’t firm.

“Xie Feng, I’m warning you. An Liuyan is mine!” Lan Siyu coldly said as he looked at Xie Feng.

His words made Xie Feng furious, but he soon smiled, “Relax. Since it’s someone you like, I naturally won’t compete with you. Let’s go and bring back your Envoy An! I believe that you won’t disappoint us!”

“That’s for sure.” Lan Siyu coldly said. He inwardly rejoiced because with Xie Feng and his men, he didn’t think that Lin Tian could put up any resistance, and An Liuyan could only beg him for mercy at that time.

When Lin Yun’s group of three entered the cave, the chill in the air was terrifyingly cold despite being isolated with astral energy. But the density of saint aura and herbal fragrance from the cave was shocking; it was much more terrifying than those saint fruits from before.

“Weird…” Lin Yun muttered. The herbal aroma was tempting, but they would inevitably absorb the yin aura as well if they tried to absorb the herbal aroma. But thinking of how terrifying the yin aura was, no one dared to take a single breath.

It was fortunate that they were all in the Elysium Core Realm, and they could shut their pores with a single thought. Breathing was nothing because they could last long, even if they didn’t eat or drink.

“This is a good place; there will definitely be treasures here!” Xiao Yun’s eyes lit up as his heart beat wildly. The further they went in, the larger the cave was. The walls on all sides shone with a jade light that felt even tougher than ordinary saint artifacts. Just the walls alone were worth a lot if they could bring it with them.

“There’s something weird about this place…” An Liuyan said.

The space in this cave was like a dream, filled with jade light and herbal aroma. The yin aura inside was also a lot weaker, but the fog gradually became thicker. The mist looked like a condensed herbal aroma, and they could see saint light faintly spreading out.

“Holy shit, even my Profound Yin Saint Eyes are restricted here. This is the first time I’ve encountered such a situation.” Xiao Yun was excited and didn’t seem worried about the dangers. He was also the fastest amongst the three, and An Liuyan practically had to use her full speed to barely keep up with him.

“Brother Lin, Envoy An, I can smell the herbal aroma! This place is definitely a treasure! Haha, hurry up!”

An hour later, Lin Yun and An Liuyan exchanged a helpless look because Xiao Yun was nowhere to be seen, only his voice was echoing about. Before they could react, a group of people covered in bruises appeared.

Lin Yun grabbed onto a person and asked, “What’s wrong?”

“There’s an herbal field ahead, and they’re all frost-attributed saint elixirs. But a young man suddenly came in and gave us all a beating. Many people were killed. He’s simply a monster!” Before Lin Yun could continue asking, that person broke free of Lin Yun’s grasp and ran off. No one could imagine what he had just experienced for him to be so frightened.

But Lin Yun and An Liuyan wore weird expressions. There weren’t many young people in the astral realm, and it should probably be Xiao Yun. If they remembered correctly, Xiao Yun should be at the six-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm, and he should be proficient in spiritual runes. So why was he so terrifying?

“Let’s go and take a look.” Lin Yun disappeared, with An Liuyan quickly following after.