Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1516 - Demon In The Heart!

When he opened the box, boundless crimson light filled his entire vision. The dazzling radiance made Lin Yun subconsciously close his eyes. When he reopened his eyes, he discovered a droplet of blood in the box, a droplet of the Azure Dragon True Blood.

The sight of it made Lin Yun’s heartthrob violently because this all felt too unreal. Coincidentally, it was exactly what he needed. When he reached out and touched the droplet of blood, he could feel a violent storm surging from it.

It might look like a simple droplet of blood, but the lightning and wind energy it contained felt like a boundless ocean, and just touching it made Lin Yun take several steps back.

“It’s really an Azure Dragon True Blood.” Lin Yun let out a long breath and fell into deep thought. He was contemplating if he should try and make a breakthrough. He was now at the six-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm. If he refined the Dragon Origin Pellets he previously obtained and this Azure Dragon True Blood, there was a possibility that he might make a breakthrough to the seven-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm.

Now that he recalled how he wasted a seal of the Profound Wither Key back in the Heavenly Cauldron Pavilion, it was really a waste. After entering the Dragon Remnant Astral Realm, he made two breakthroughs over a few months. He was even now thinking if he should try and make another breakthrough.

Then again, this was also related to his cultivation. If he had been at the six-star heavenly Elysium Core Realm before entering the Dragon Remnant Astral Realm, he definitely wouldn’t be able to make such rapid progress in his cultivation.

“Let’s just give it a try. There’s a high chance of me actually achieving it.” Lin Yun finally made up his mind while looking at the Azure Dragon True Blood. He might consider it for a little longer if he didn’t run into an Azure Dragon True Blood. But if he didn’t dare to try it even after obtaining an Azure Dragon True Blood, it would make him seem a little too cowardly.

After he retrieved the Azure Dragon True Blood, Lin Yun circulated the Azure Dragon Saint Art to refine it. The massive power in the blood began to pour into his body, instantly making his body bear immense pressure.

Someone else would already be dead if he were in Lin Yun’s position. But to Lin Yun, who possesses the Azure Dragon Saint Art, the Azure Dragon True Blood was a great nourishment, and the more violent the power contained within the blood was, the better it was for him.

When Lin Yun opened his eyes, he flicked his finger, taking out a Dragon Origin Pellet and saint elixirs from the past few levels. As he refined the Azure Dragon True Blood, he was also refining the Dragon Origin Pellet to try and make a breakthrough.

As time passed, the azure dragon energy enveloping Lin Yun began to violently grow. The vitality in his blood was violently boiling, sounding like dragon roars, and the gale also began to rise with lightning flickering around him. His hair began to flutter violently under the terrifying phenomenon, and a boundless dragon aura was starting to accumulate.

Four hours later, when Lin Yun reopened his eyes, he was done refining the Azure Dragon True Blood and Dragon Origin Pellet. Lin Yun suddenly raised his hand and threw out a punch. A dragon roar accompanied his punch, and a violent storm swept out that rippled like a war song in this hall.

Fine cracks began to appear in the surroundings, and the entire hall began to violently tremble. As Lin Yun descended, he could feel his boiling vitality, but landed on the ground like a light feather. The stars in his violet palace increased from six to seven, and his astral energy ocean had reached a terrifying size of 33,000 feet.

The dragon runes on his body had increased from eight thousand to nine thousand, which meant that he took another step further in the Azure Dragon Saint Art. He was all prepared now and was just lacking a Divine Dragon Bone.

“Not bad.” Lin Yun muttered to himself. He was a lot stronger, but it wasn’t a total transformation. Since the stars increased in his violet palace, this was a form of accumulation, and the power would only be fully unleashed after he reached the Dragon Pulse Realm. So this meant he had to obtain the Divine Dragon Bone no matter what!

His obsession with the Divine Dragon Bone had reached an unprecedented height and nearly became a demon in his heart. No matter how much his cultivation improved, how strong his physique became, nor the transformation of his Golden Crow Wings; the Divine Dragon Bone was like a fishbone in his throat.

For some reason, he felt he wasn’t complete as long as he didn’t have a Divine Dragon Bone. Without it, it would feel like something was lacking, and he had a feeling that those heaven-defying geniuses would suppress him after he reached the Dragon Pulse Realm. He wasn’t happy with the fact that he had been previously suppressed by Ku Ying.

It was just a matter of time before he died as long as he had a flaw. So if Lin Yun couldn’t obtain a Divine Dragon Bone in the Dragon Remnant Astral Realm, the obsession might turn into a demon in his heart. At that time, it would be troublesome because this meant that he would be imprisoned in a cage that he created for himself, and he would never be able to make a breakthrough in his lifetime.

Lin Yun didn’t know it that well because he was the person involved, but Lil’ Purple had clearly seen it from within the sword box. She could see the black miasma in the center of his brows, gradually fusing into his sword intent.

“You can only rely on yourself for this.” Lil’ Purple had clearly seen it, but she didn’t give Lin Yun any reminders. Ever since he reached the Kunlun Realm, his journey had been too smooth, especially in the Dragon Remnant Astral Realm, since he had been making swift progress in his cultivation.

The smooth journey expanded his obsession, and there were signs of it forming into a demon in his heart. It was no longer related to the Divine Dragon Bone. Even if it wasn’t a Divine Dragon Bone, something else would become Lin Yun’s obsession, such as fifth-grade sword intent, glory saint artifact, or ghost spirit martial techniques.

Everyone would have a similar experience, just like the many swordsmen who had demons within their hearts because they couldn’t grasp the Firmament Sword Intent. It was unavoidable for every cultivator, and it was just Lin Yun’s turn now. So Lin Yun could only rely on himself if he wanted to get through this ordeal.

Lin Yun briefly rested then no longer remained there and carried on with his journey through the trial tower. When he came to the seventh level, he easily made it through before continuing to the eighth level. The trial tower wasn’t much to Lin Yun.

Then again, it wasn’t too difficult either, and this situation was exclusive to him. After all, he grasped the quasi-Heavenly Dome Sword Intent. A few people had already made it through the trial when he stepped on the eighth level.

“I’m fortunate that my blade intent isn’t weak, or I might not be able to easily make it through the trial with just the Ancient Demonfiend Art.” Yan Xuan of the Demonfiend Sect entered a passage. After coming to the eighth level, most of the disciples of the other demonic sects were practically eliminated. He obtained a lot of treasures along the way, and he had undergone a decent improvement in his strength.

He was only one step away from reaching the nine-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm, and he could easily reach it as long as he was willing.

“The Dragon Gate was powerful back then. This is only a trial tower, and yet so many treasures were left behind.” Yan Xuan muttered to himself. He was filled with the treasures that were on the eighth level.

The Demonfiend Sect also had a similar training ground, but the treasures there were nothing compared to the Blue Dragon Trial Tower. They might be able to compete in terms of quantity but not in quality.

In another location, Ling Qianye calmly said, “I’m finally on the eighth level, and the ninth level is just one level away. There’s a high possibility that the Divine Dragon Bone is on the ninth level!”

His eyes fluctuated with emotions when he mentioned the Divine Dragon Bone, and flames began to blaze in the depths of his pupils. People only knew that the Golden Dragons were the strongest amongst the seven-colored dragons, but Blue Dragons were the strongest in reality, and only a few people knew what it meant to obtain a Blue Dragon Bone.

It was a taboo of the Divine Dragon Empire, making everyone break out in cold sweats. Aside from those two, the Seven Absolute Palace’s Pei An, Hundred Ghost Gate’s Chen Kui, Blood Rain Pavilion’s Qin Yue, Heavenly Astral Pavilion’s Tian Jue, Netherworld Hall’s Murong Chen, and Lin Yun were the only ones who made it to the eighth level.

This meant that even those nine-star Heavenly Elysium Core Realm experts were eliminated, and this meant that the competition for the Divine Dragon Bone finally reached the last phase. Not only the eight in the Blue Dragon Trial Tower but the demonic sects outside the asteroid belt were nervous. After all, no demonic sect would be unconcerned with a Divine Dragon Bone.

As Lin Yun walked into the passage, he was sure he had caught up to everyone’s pace, and no one had yet obtained the Divine Dragon Bone. After all, the Azure Dragon Saint Physique would definitely be able to sense it if someone obtained the Divine Dragon Bone.

Knowing that the Divine Dragon Bone could be found on the ninth level, he breathed a sigh of relief. If he missed the Divine Dragon Bone just because of making a breakthrough, he would definitely not be able to forgive himself.

Suddenly, Lin Yun could feel a familiar fluctuation coming from ahead, which meant that the hall wasn’t far from him. This made Lin Yun’s eyes light up as he quickened his pace.

“The treasures on the eighth level should be more precious than the Azure Dragon True Blood!” Lin Yun took a deep breath and didn’t dare to be careless after reaching the eighth level. There was no doubt that those who made it to the eighth level were monsters, and he knew that he would have to clash with the demonic sects’ chief disciples now.

As the aura emitted from the box became more apparent, it didn’t take long for him to enter a majestic hall. The roof was embedded with gems, looking like stars, and the blue stone pillars were emitting a boundless dragon aura.

When Lin Yun raised his head, he saw that the box's restriction had been lifted. Lin Yun opened the box with a flick of his finger, and a pellet slowly rose from it. This was a saint pellet with seven colored runes engraved on its surface. Each one was a different dragon rune and they formed into seven dragons that were coiling around the saint pellet.

He instantly realized that those were seven-colored dragons. He didn’t know precisely what this saint pellet was, but he felt that this wasn’t ordinary.Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

“The Creation Pellet!” A figure appeared from another passage, and he exclaimed when he saw the saint pellet with flames blazing in his pupils. Coincidentally, this was someone that Lin Yun knew. This person was the first envoy of the Heavenly Astral Pavilion, Tian Jue!