Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1552 - Great Boost In Strength!

“A bright moon shining in the sky as the broken bridge is filled with water and snow. No one knows that my heart is like the moon, and who mocks who for being in the painting!” Lin Yun lay on the lake as he recited the poem that the Sword Emperor Yu Qingfeng recited when he left. This was the opportunity given to him by Yu Qingfeng.

After hearing what Mu Xuankong said, Lin Yun was even more curious about what kind of existence and person Yu Qingfeng was. He sliced two peaks of the Sword Sect, but the Sword Sect was still around and not invaded by the Divine Dragon Empire. This was all thanks to the sword left behind by Yu Qingfeng back then.

This was because the Ancient Barren Domain was subdued by the Sword Emperor back then. Although he had left, the Divine Dragon Empire feared him and didn’t dare to move. After that, the Radiant Sword Saint rose and guarded the Ancient Barren Domain for two millennials, not letting anyone stretch their hands.

After the Southern Emperor fell, the Demon Emperor established the Imperial Demon Domain, the Sword Emperor left, and the Divine Dragon Empire was under the control of the Empress. As for the remaining five emperors, the relationship between them was a little peculiar.

The current Divine Dragon Empire is really fascinating… Lin Yun smiled with his hands supporting his head while lying on the lake.

“Since I can’t force the fifth-grade sword intent, let’s refine the netherflower, then!” Lin Yun got up and took the Netherflower out from his interspatial bracelet. When he retrieved the Netherflower, the twelve-petaled netherflower in his body radiated brightly, and the sword at the flower’s heart trembled incessantly.

As strands of nether energy seeped out of Lin Yun’s pores, it made him look demonic, and the flower was also giving off a faint fragrance. However, the black miasma didn’t look devilish, but looked serene, instead.

This could be the real profundity of the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra, serenity. Death was sorrowful, but the moment of death could also be gorgeous, like a firework. If it could be combined with the beauty of life, it would become the legendary nirvana. But Lin Yun was submerged in it and couldn’t see or feel the phenomenon.

“This is really a treasure!” Lin Yun’s eyes blazed with flames. Ever since he came back from the Dragon Remnant Astral Realm, aside from the Blue Dragon Bone, he was most concerned about the Netherflower.

Compared to the Netherflower, he wasn’t too concerned with the saint fruits that could strengthen his cultivation and martial intent. After all, he couldn’t raise his cultivation anytime soon, and the saint fruits couldn’t help his sword intent. But the Netherflower was utterly different.

“Let’s quickly refine it. I should be able to use this opportunity to reach the fourth stage in the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra or even the fifth stage.” Lin Yun muttered while looking at the Netherflower.

There was no doubt that the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra was the hardest to cultivate in the Sword Sect, and many Dragon Pulse Realm experts couldn’t even reach the fifth stage. So many people would pick other cultivation techniques to practice on the Divine Firmament Peak, resulting in the Divine Firmament Peak being the weakest amongst the five peaks.

Lin Yun plucked a petal and started chewing on it before plucking the second petal. He quickly devoured the entire Netherflower before refining it like he refined saint fruits. This was the most primitive and straightforward method.

He could soon feel his body being filled with boundless nether energy that surged like rivers within his body. That energy was violent, as though it would gush out from his body at any time. Black beams of light also shot out from Lin Yun’s pupils, causing all life to extinguish in the path of the black beam, leaving behind a black and ugly crater that shocked Lin Yun.

As his face changed, he forcibly suppressed the nether energy within his body and started circulating the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra. Under the guidance of the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra, the boundless nether energy from the Netherflower poured into his twelve-petaled Netherflower.

It was like injecting vitality into the Netherflower, nourishing it like the best fertilizer in the world. As for the sword at the Netherflower’s heart, it was even more shocking as it released a dazzling sword ray.

After taking a deep breath, Lin Yun calmed himself before circulating the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra.

When he circulated the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra ten times, the nether energy within his body gathered and formed into a black river that was coursing throuhgh his meridians. Not long later, the black river coursed through his body thirty-six times.

While a huge commotion was coming from within Lin Yun’s body, the nether energy suddenly surged, and Lin Yun was enveloped by a sword ray that reached three hundred feet, emitting a terrifying aura. He had broken through to the fourth stage in the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra.

Four hours later, the sword ray enveloping him suddenly exploded and reached a terrifying scale of nearly a thousand feet. When he opened his eyes, a boundless sword aura swept out that raised huge waves on the Celestial Observing Lake.

As Lin Yun took a deep breath, a devastating scene occurred on the Celestial Observing Lake. Relying on the Netherflower, Lin Yun reached the fifth stage in the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra. If this news gets out, it will shake the entire Sword Sect.

“Hahaha!” Lin Yun laughed, and his laughter rumbled like thunder, causing multiple explosions on the lake and created massive craters of nearly a thousand feet. The huge pressure caused by the craters formed a terrifying vortex that formed into a water tornado of a few thousand feet.

In the blink of an eye, hundreds of water tornadoes appeared on the Celestial Observing Lake, and all the demonic beasts that were there were dumbfounded while trembling at the bottom of the lake in fear.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

“Hahaha!” Lin Yun was still laughing, and it took a long time for him to calm himself down. This time, all the depression that had accumulated within his heart was swept away.

“This is what it means to be a swordsman?” Lin Yun’s eyes flickered, and he could sense that his attainment in the sword path had increased.

His emotions had accumulated within his heart when Mu Xuankong charged out of the Sword Sect back then, not to mention that he even had to helplessly summon his master’s clone. Even after chatting with Martial Uncle Dustlight, it still couldn’t relieve him.

He became more optimistic after chatting with Mu Xuankong, and it felt satisfying after significantly boosting his strength. This was what it meant to be a swordsman. Now that he thought about it, he was simply courting death to try and grasp the Heavenly Dome Sword Intent with all the negative emotions that had accumulated within him.

This was probably why his master and the sect master observed him for three days; they were probably worried that something might happen to him.

As he squinted his eyes, he faintly felt what it meant by ‘becoming one with the sword.’ As a smile rose on his lips, he muttered, “What does it mean to be a swordsman? To clear all the accumulation within the heart.”

He spent the remaining time practicing the Carefree 9 Swords during the day and Azure Dragon Grasp at night to excavate the potential of the Blue Dragon Bone. When free, he would also practice the Flicking Divine Finger with the Netherflower.

He could combine the Flicking Divine Finger and Netherflower. It was a perfect combination to use nether energy in this secret technique. Whenever he was exhausted, he would play the flute to relax. He might be training hard, but he spent his carefree days without pain.

One month later, Lin Yun finally mastered the first four sword forms of the Carefree 9 Swords. The Heaven Sword Form had thirty-six brushes that focused on a majestic aura, the Earth Sword Form had seventy-two brushes that focused on gravity control, the Profound Sword Form had eighteen brushes that focused on being unfathomable, and the Barren Sword Form had nine brushes that focus of extermination. He had reached the minuscule stage of reaching sword form and could control them as he wished.

The subsequent four sword forms were even simpler because each contained a pure elemental intent that fused four martial intents into four ancient words. It might sound easy, but cultivating them was difficult. Not only did he require a strong cultivation, he also needed a high comprehension of those martial intents. This meant that it was useless even if his attainment in the sword was powerful.

“Heaven, Earth, Profound, Barren, Wind, Fire, Lightning, Ice…the four words correspond with the eight ancient domains. I wonder if it’s a coincidence.” Lin Yun muttered while sheathing his sword. The Southern Emperor created this sword technique, and Lin Yun speculated that it might be related to the Southern Emperor’s experience in the nine ancient domains.

After all, the Southern Emperor was the strongest amongst the nine emperors. Since the nine sword forms might correspond with the nine ancient domains, the last sword might be ‘Saint.’ But he had no idea why the Southern Emperor erased that sword form. Could it be related to his experience before his death?

“Let’s go out and give them a try. After all, sword techniques can only be grasped in battles.” Lin Yun recollected his thoughts and planned to head to the back mountain of the Sword Sect to test the power of the Carefree 9 Swords.