Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1609 - Invincible Beneath Divine Artifacts

The fight immediately stopped when they saw Xuan Feng. There were no rules in the Ancient Barren Battlefield, aside from the strong preying on the weak. The big sects’ Golden Generation geniuses could regard others as ants to slaughter. But before the chief disciples of the powerful sects, they were nothing in comparison. The fourth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm geniuses on the platform didn’t even dare to look at Xuan Feng.

They were afraid that they would die if they offended him. After all, Xuan Feng wasn’t a kind person to begin with. As the Vajra Monastery’s Blade Wielder, he could kill as he wished, and that blade had a huge origin. It was rumored to be a Glory Saint Artifact that had been passed down in the Vajra Monstery for thousands of years, from generation to generation.

A group of people appeared behind Xuan Feng. There were a few whose cultivation reached the pinnacle of the fourth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm; they were all radiating with a robust vitality.

Upon reaching the third-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm, one would transform their vitality. On the fourth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm, one would transform their bones. So even if they didn’t practice any body-refining techniques, cultivators at the fourth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm generally had a powerful physique, and even saint artifacts would have difficulty breaking their defenses.

If they had practiced a body-refining technique before, their physique would reach an even more terrifying height. After reaching the pinnacle fourth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm, jade marrow would be born in the bone. Not only could it nourish the cultivator’s vitality, it could even strengthen the cultivator’s dragon origin.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The third-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm was a threshold, and anyone who could cross it would experience an explosive boost in strength. If Lin Yun didn’t have a terrifying foundation and the Flower Burial Sword, it would be hard for him to kill Lu Chen. Then again, that was on the prerequisite that his opponent had no intention of running, or it would be even more challenging for him to kill them.

Then again, it was different now. He grasped the Pagoda Saint Rune and Golden Lotus Sacred Flames after refining the Golden Lotus and Bodhi Seed and reached the pinnacle second-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm. Even if he didn’t draw his sword, it wouldn’t be a problem for him to defeat Lu Chen.

The faces of everyone on the platform became ugly when they saw Xuan Feng. They were all at the fourth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm, but the gap between them and Xuan Feng was too significant. Xuan Feng’s dragon origin was like a bright sun, while they were no different from fireflies.

“Get lost!” Xuan Feng said indifferently.

“Thank you, Lord Xuan Feng, for not killing us.” Everyone on the platform breathed a sigh of relief and thanked Xuan Feng before leaving.

“Senior Brother, we should’ve made them leave something behind before letting them leave. This mountain might be dead, but there must be ancient inheritances. I bet those people have obtained quite a bit since they can come here.” The second strongest genius of the Vajra Monastery, Xuan Jian, said with cold killing intent flashing within his pupils. This person was mysterious because he wore a mask covering half of his face.

“That’s right. It’s too easy on them! Why don’t I chase after them and give them a beating?” Cang Yun echoed along. He was a ‘Cang’ generation disciple of the Vajra Monastery, one generation lower than Xuan Feng and Xuan Jian, but he quickly grew strong. Since he had various encounters in the Ancient Barren Battlefield, he took a risk a few days ago and reached the fourth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm. In this party, his position was only second to Feng Xuan and Feng Jian.

As Xuan Feng raised his head, he said, “No need. Their harvest is nothing compared to the Nether Saint Sword.”

Before those people on the platform could leave, they were all slaughtered. Looking from afar, anyone could tell that this group of people wasn’t simple.

Judging from their clothes, you couldn’t find any sect in the Ancient Barren Domain with such flashy clothes, aside from the Emerald Jade Manor.

“Xuan Feng, it has been a long time!” The one who spoke was the chief disciple of the Emerald Jade Manor, Chen Tao, who obtained the Glazed Treasure Physique.

“You’re not slow yourself.” Xuan Feng wasn’t surprised by Chen Tao’s arrival. But there was only one Nether Saint Sword, which meant that everyone else aside from him were enemies.

“Not bad, I guess.” Chen Tao said, glancing around. When he saw the saint sword plunged into the wall, his eyes became straight, and he muttered, “This is probably a Sovereign Saint Artifact.”

Sovereign Saint Artifacts were only second to Divine Artifacts. Aside from being engraved with all seven glory spirits, the glory spirits engraved on it even formed a sovereign constellation. This meant that Sovereign Saint Artifacts would draw the power of sovereign constellations at full power. This was why Sovereign Saint Artifacts were known to be invincible beneath Divine Artifacts.

But Xuan Feng was indifferent. He had long recognized that the Nether Saint Sword was a Sovereign Saint Artifact, it’s just that it was heavily damaged. The deadly aura flowing on the wall was the essence of the Nether Saint Sword, and it was no longer as powerful as before after so many years. But even so, this wouldn’t change the fact that this Nether Saint Sword was a priceless treasure.

But even if there was a one in ten thousandth chance of repairing it, it was enough for people like the Radiant Sword Saint and Tian Xuanzi to fight over it. Even if it wasn’t possible to repair it, it was still attractive to a saint. So there was no way Chen Tao and Xuan Feng could let this sword fall into the hands of others.

“Ha. Why don’t I join in on the fun for this Sovereign Saint Artifact?” A cold voice resounded when the Emerald Jade Manor and Vajra Monastery faced off. Not long later, a group of bladesmen appeared in this region, and the leader was Xiao Kui, the chief disciple of the Heavenly Blade Pavilion. They also had a huge formation, not any weaker than the Vajra Monastery.

As the three parties faced off, no one dared to move, making everyone’s hearts throb. They were rejoicing that they didn’t join in on the competition. After all, Xuan Feng, Chen Tao, and Xiao Kui were all prideful people and had become Golden Generation geniuses long ago. They were already at the top of the pyramid amongst the younger generations in the Ancient Barren Domain.

But no one dared to make a move. They knew they would be ganged upon by the other two if their stance was too strong.

“First come, first serve. Since your Vajra Monastery is first, why don’t you guys go ahead?” Chen Tao said with his eyes squinted while looking at Xuan Feng.

“Sounds good!” Xiao Kui raised his brow. “The nether waterfall is deadly, and one will die if they’re not careful. I bet you guys can deal with it as disciples of the Buddhist cult.”

“You think my senior brother is stupid? No one knows what’s up there, not to mention that you guys might stab us in the back.” Cang Yun cussed.

Xuan Feng squinted his eyes and didn’t refute those words. He was arrogant as the Vajra Monastery’s Blade Wielder, but he wasn’t stupid.

“There’s no first come, first serve in this world. I only heard before that the stronger one is first. Brother Xiao, I bet you can cut this nether waterfall into two with your Heavenly Origin Blade Technique.” Xuan Feng said, looking at Xiao Kui. It was rumored that Xiao Kui had reached the ninth stage in the Heavenly Origin Blade Technique, and his most potent attack was comparable to a dragon spirit martial technique.

Chen Tao’s gaze fell onto Xiao Kui when he heard that. Compared to Xuan Feng, Xiao Kui’s blade technique was more terrifying, with his Firmament Blade Intent reaching an alarming height.

“Ha.” Xiao Kui snorted. “You make it sound like Brother Chen’s Glazed Treasure Physique is afraid of nether energy!”

Upon reaching the ninth stage in the Divine Phaseless Art, one would achieve the Glazed Treasure Physique, invulnerable to saint artifacts and elements. In a nutshell, none of the three were pushovers.

“Since the three of you are so humble, why don’t I go first?” A voice resounded from the darkness that changed Chen Tao, Xiao Kui, and Xuan Feng’s faces. They were confident in their strength. So how was it possible that someone managed to hide his existence from them?

When their gazes fell onto the newcomer, they saw a youth donned in an azure robe. As he slowly approached them, the ugly expressions on their faces gradually receded.

“Lin Yun!” Before they could say a word, the disciples beside them exclaimed.

Chen Tao, Xiao Kui, and Xuan Feng had never interacted with Lin Yun before, but their fellow disciples naturally saw Lin Yun at the Heavenly Pool Gathering. As for Cang Yun, he even had a relationship with Lin Yun.

But they had shock and disbelief on their faces. Lin Yun’s age was no different from theirs; he was a nobody a year or two ago. But now, he could actually speak with the chief disciples face to face.

Cang Yun’s lips twitched, and he wondered if Lin Yun was insane. The chief disciples of the three powerful sects didn’t dare to make a move, but Lin Yun dared to be so arrogant when he was only at the second-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm. Didn’t he know how ‘death’ was spelled?

“It’s me.” Lin Yun said while walking towards the wall, his arrogance left the three sects’ disciples dumbfounded. Did Lin Yun just ignore them?

The faces of Chen Tao, Xuan Feng, and Xiao Kui sank because not even Gu Ruochen dared to be so arrogant before them. Two blade rays flew towards him in the next second, coming from Xuan Feng and Xiao Kui. The two bladesmen had fiery tempers and drew their blades without hesitation.

They might have reservations about touching Lin Yun when they were outside, but no one would care about Lin Yun’s identity as the Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple while in the Ancient Barren Battlefield. The two blade rays they unleashed were like two ferocious beasts that were charging at Lin Yun, and their blade rays could be seen even from a hundred miles away.