Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1612 - Silver Moon Descends

Silver-eyed Demonspirit? Chen Tao’s face- changed. He felt that this Demonspirit Clan’s corpse wasn’t ordinary when it was alive. Anyone could figure out that if it wasn’t powerful when it was alive, it wouldn’t be suppressed when using a Sovereign Saint Artifact.

But this Demonspirit Clan’s corpse looked young. Chen Tao looked at the face of the Demonspirit Clan’s corpse. This corpse had dried up, but he could roughly tell that this Demonspirit Clan’s expert was pretty young before it died. Suddenly, a thought appeared in Chen Tao’s mind that made him suspect that this Demonspirit Clan’s corpse wasn’t completely dead.

“Stop!” Xuan Feng and Xiao Kui’s voices resounded while they emitted terrifying auras. Seeing that Chen Tao was going to take the Nether Saint Sword, the two naturally became anxious.

Chen Tao soon tossed that thought to the back of his mind. Even if it could come back alive, it would be just a remnant of will, and nothing was terrifying about that. Chen Tao was decisive and grabbed onto the Nether Saint Sword without hesitation.

A deadly aura began to gush out when he grabbed onto the Nether Saint Sword. The deadly aura was like a tide sweeping out, and Chen Tao’s Glazed Treasure Physique became increasingly brilliant under it. As emerald light shone from his body, the deadly aura couldn’t erode him, no matter how it tried.

This was because the Glazed Treasure Physique granted him immunity to the elements. But when Chen Tao tried to pull the sword out, something unexpected happened. A terrifying sword aura exploded, and he couldn’t pull it out no matter how he tried.

“What’s going on?” Chen Tao was surprised. The Nether Saint Sword might be a Sovereign Saint Sword, but it shouldn’t be so powerful after so many years. Not to mention that it was damaged and could only be considered a Glory Saint Artifact now. With his strength, it made no sense that he couldn’t pull this sword out.

Suddenly, Chen Tao’s face changed upon sensing a terrifying power coming from the Nether Saint Sword, rejecting him. He knew that if he continued to pull this sword, he would suffer a frightening backlash. At that moment, Xuan Feng and Xiao Kui both arrived.

Despite the unwillingness in Chen Tao’s pupils, he had no choice but to release the sword and swiftly retreat while pushing a palm out. His palm collided with the two blade rays, and Chen Tao flickered before he landed where the Emerald Jade Manor’s party was located.

The Vajra Monastery and Heavenly Blade Pavilion’s disciples also arrived, so the three forces fell into a stalemate.

“Chen Tao, aren’t you a little too despicable?!” Xiao Kui looked at Chen Tao unhappily.

Xuan Feng’s face was dark, and his face was also ugly while looking at Chen Tao. After all, Chen Tao was one step away from taking that Sovereign Saint Sword.

“Hmph!” Chen Tao snorted. “Stop pretending. Why do we need our face in the Ancient Barren Battlefield? If you want your face, why don’t you let me have this Sovereign Saint Sword?”

Xuan Feng and Xiao Kui were stumped upon hearing what Chen Tao said, and they couldn’t say a word. This was because what Chen Tao said wasn’t wrong, and anyone who still wanted their face would be gobbled up by others in the Ancient Barren Battlefield.

“There’s only one Sovereign Saint Sword, and we’re as strong as each other. So we won’t be able to come to an outcome even if we fight, and the consequences of us fighting seriously isn’t something we can accept. After all, the Blue Dragon Saint Palace hasn’t appeared yet!” Xuan Feng said after a brief pondering.

Chen Tao and Xiao Kui’s gazes fell on him when they heard that, and Chen Tao asked, “What do you suggest?”

“It’s not worth fighting over a saint sword when the saint palace hasn’t appeared yet. Anyone who obtains this saint sword will have to give something to the two other parties.” Xuan Feng soon came out with a solution.

“But that’s a Sovereign Saint Sword.” Xiao Kui said. The value of a Sovereign Saint Artifact was tremendous, and the price of it wasn’t something they could fork up even if they gave up all of their harvests.

“You two are bladesmen, right?” Chen Tao suddenly smiled. “Let me have this sword, and I can take out ten myriad-year saint elixirs. Aside from that, if dragon spirit martial techniques exist in the saint palace, I’m willing to share a copy with you guys.”

Even if incomplete, dragon spirit martial techniques were precious, and Chen Tao was sincere in his offer.

“Oh. It’s not easy to pull the sword out. You guys can try it if you don’t believe me. So there’s no need for us to waste our time here. Let me have this opportunity, since this is the best choice.” Chen Tao said calmly.

“Let me give it a try.” Xiao Kui looked at Chen Tao doubtfully before he tried to pull the sword out, and the outcome was just as what Chen Tao said. He was also scared and quickly released the sword when he sensed the rebound force coming from the saint sword.

“What’s going on?” Xiao Kui was stumped because he couldn’t pull the sword out, even with his pinnacle Firmament Blade Intent. Xuan Feng also tried it, and the outcome was the same as Xiao Kui.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“See? Believe me now?” Chen Tao smiled.

“Since everyone can’t pull it out, where did you get the confidence to draw it? Are you sure that you can obtain this sword?” Xiao Kui looked at Chen Tao.

“You guys don’t have to care about that. I naturally have my ways. So, what do you guys think about my suggestion?” Chen Tao smiled.

Xuan Feng and Xiao Kui fell into deep thought because the consequences of them fighting amongst themselves weren’t something any of them could accept. Not to mention that they couldn’t pull out the sword and should agree with Chen Tao by rights.

“I have no opinion against that.” Xiao Kui said.

With a satisfied expression, Chen Tao looked at Xuan Feng, “What about you?”

“Let me look at the saint elixirs first.” Xuan Feng said.

“Hahaha! Alright!” Chen Tao laughed as he retrieved several saint elixirs from the interspatial bracelet.

Right then, the Demonspirit Clan’s corpse suddenly opened its eyes and spat out a mouthful of demonic aura. When the demonic aura fused into the surroundings, the dried-up corpses on the ground began to move. The Silver-Eyed Demonspirit laughed and emitted a terrifying aura. It was as though he was coming back to life, “Hahaha!”

The Nether Saint Sword suddenly released an intense light, the demonic clouds in the sky were pierced, and the Sovereign Saint Sword’s tattered sword aura tried to suppress the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit.

The Silver-Eyed Demonspirit had a lingering will that had remained, but the saint sword also had a lingering will. As the two clashed, the entire mountain lit up, making the eyes of Xiao Kui and others widen their eyes with disbelief. They could feel a chill run down their spines.

They were shocked that the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit’s corpse could come back to life. But before they could respond, the dried-up corpses on the ground turned into demonic corpses as they wriggled. They then charged at the surrounding disciples.

“Quick, leave!” Everyone’s faces changed, and they quickly commanded their fellow disciples to leave. But the demonic corpses were too ferocious, instantly surrounding them. Not only that, but the demonic corpses weren’t invulnerable to saint artifacts, and they weren’t afraid of them either. Or rather, they were already dead, to begin with.

As for the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit, it was resisting the Nether Saint Sword. In the end, the Nether Saint Sword was stronger, and the demonic light in the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit’s eyes gradually began to dim as time passed.

Right then, the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit grabbed a hold of a Vajra Monastery’s disciple. When that disciple was grabbed by the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit, he suddenly couldn’t move and his blood began to flow toward the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit.

“Senior Brother, save me!” That person fell into despair as he looked at Xuan Feng with his face distorted from the pain.

Xuan Feng was decisive and immediately charged over. But just when he was about to approach, the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit seemed to sense his arrival and released that disciple. That Vajra Monastery’s disciple flew out like a cannonball and exploded in mid-air. The terrifying explosion forced Xuan Feng to retreat.

“Ha.” The Silver-Eyed Demonspirit’s eyes flashed with mockery before grabbing a hold of an Emerald Jade Manor’s disciple.

Chen Tao rushed over, trying to save that disciple, but the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit repeated what it did to Xuan Feng. As that disciple exploded, it forced Chen Tao to retreat as well. Just like that, the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit kept repeating this process, grabbing one disciple after another to devour their blood. As it gradually consumed more blood, its dried-up body swelled as if it were returning to life. Only the deadly aura that manifested into a Netherflower suppressed the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit like a shackle.

“Jian Qingkong!” The Silver-Eyed Demonspirit roared, and a terrifying killing intent exploded.

The killing intent enveloped Chen Tao, Xuan Feng, and Xiao Kui in fear because they knew things were about to get out of control. They could tell that the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit was gradually reviving and becoming even more terrifying.

“Stop holding back and deal with this Silver-Eyed Demonspirit first! Otherwise, we will all die here!” Chen Tao’s face changed while taking out his Glory Saint Artifact. An ancient tablet appeared in his hand. It was like a jade while emitting a terrifying dragon aura the moment it appeared.

Xuan Feng also drew out a golden blade that was enveloped in a holy aura, and one could hear mantras being recited. On the other hand, Xiao Kui took out a demonic, crimson blade.

All three were Glory Saint Artifacts: the Dragon Manipulation Tablet, the Demonblood Blade, and the Golden Vajra. They were also Chen Tao, Xiao Kui, and Xuan Feng’s trump cards, but they never expected that they would have to use them before the saint palace. But fiends were shrouded in a terrifying legend in the Ancient Barren Battlefield, and they didn’t dare to hold back because they knew that they would die if they held back.

“Let’s go!” The three unleashed an attack with their Glory Saint Artifacts at the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit. Lighting up the mountain once more. The three Glory Spirit Artifacts also created three phenomena, a soaring dragon, a descending demon, and a descending buddha.

This attack from the three could even destroy the entire mountain, making everyone on the mountain tremble as they wondered what was going on.

But just when the three attacks were about to land, the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit finally pulled the Nether Saint Sword out of its chest before soaring to the sky, blocking the three attacks with the Nether Saint Sword.

Wielding the Nether Saint Sword, the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit’s vertical eye on its forehead opened, and it snorted, “Kneel!”

With shocked expressions, Chen Tao, Xiao Kui, and Xuan Feng were falling to their knees as the Silver-Eyed Demonspirit came to life. They even started to tremble when a demonic aura descended on them. But just when the three were about to go down on their knees, a silver moon soared up the cliff.

“You three are elites of my human race. It’s too unsightly for you guys to go down on your knees so easily.” Laughter echoed as a silver moon rose into the sky. When they turned their heads back, they saw a person carrying a sword box on the moon.