Chapter 1624 - Radiant Sword Saint’s Disciple, Lin Yun, is Here!

As boundless killing intent exploded from Lin Yun, it instantly dyed the entire sky red. Lin Yun’s pupils also turned red, and the chill in his pupils reached an unprecedented height.

He had killed more than ten thousand people since he started cultivating, and god knows how many people he slew on the Heavenly Path.

Did they really think that he didn’t have any temper? Back on the Heavenly Path, he was called a demon. Today, the demon would be back.

His torrential killing intent instantly attracted many people’s attention, and they were shocked while looking at Lin Yun. At this moment, Lin Yun gave off the feeling that he was a fiend god who crawled out of hell.

When the big sects’ Golden Generation geniuses looked at Lin Yun, they all felt a chill run down their spines.

“What’s going on?”

“Why does that fellow give off a weird feeling, and my hands are actually trembling…”

“Calm down! This fellow is just a dead man. Our senior brothers have yet to come, and we have Senior Brother Yan Kong around. There’s no need to be afraid of him, even if he’s the disciple of the Radiant Sword Saint!”

“That’s right. So what if he’s the Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple?” Everyone soon calmed their fears. They were all fourth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm geniuses, releasing their dragon origin and summoning their constellations.

The phenomenon they created was shocking, and such a scale was rare in the Ancient Barren Battlefield.

With a thought, Lin Yun pushed the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra to the limit. The Netherflower in his body bloomed with forty-eight petals, and the sword at the flower bud emitted pitch-black nether energy.

The flower petals flew out from his body in the next second and mixed into the surrounding blizzard. Standing deep in the flower petals, Lin Yun looked graceful despite the killing intent that he released, giving off a different yet complicated aura.

Charging forth, Lin Yun released a pinnacle Firmament Sword Intent and started a massacre. Simultaneously, he poured his dragon runes into his hand. Under the empowerment of his Firmament Sword Intent and nether energy, the dragon runes emitted an unprecedented crimson radiance.

As a dragon roar echoed in the blizzard, the various attacks were significantly corroded before they could even get close to him. When those attacks landed on him, it only caused a faint ripple on the dragon runes. As for his attacks, his fists were like swords tearing across space.

Along with a series of explosions, people started falling from the sky like broken kites as they threw out blood. It didn’t take long for the number of people in the sky to be halved. Under the forty-eight layers of petals, Lin Yun flicked his finger and unleashed pitch-black nether sword rays, piercing through the chests of those who fell before they could get up. Like that, the black sword rays were like spears pinning more people down to the ground.

“No! No! No!” Some people roared, and miserable shrieks could be heard. They were horrified to discover that their dragon origin and vitality were being devoured by the black sword rays that pierced through their chests, and there was nothing they could do about it. They were heavily injured, to begin with, and they could only watch as their vitality swiftly seeped from them; it didn’t take long for those who were pierced by the black sword rays to turn into dried-up corpses.

As Lin Yun let out a roar, the Blue Dragon Bone shone again, with countless dragon runes blooming. Hovering in the sky, Lin Yun’s pupils were filled with killing intent as sword rays shone, making him look like a deity.

The surroundings soon became quiet, and only the howling of the blizzard could be heard. Lin Yun’s pupils had become red, filled with killing intent that made his handsome face sinister.

“Quick, run!”

“This madman! Quick, leave!”

“Go and invite Senior Brother over!” Those who remained were utterly dumbfounded and trembled when they saw this scene. They had seen ruthless people but had never seen someone as cruel as Lin Yun. It didn’t take long for everyone who was left to be significantly terrified by Lin Yun.

“Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple, Lin Yun, is here! Who dares to fight me!” Lin Yun roared, and his voice was even more terrifying than a demonic beast’s roar, piercing the blizzard. When he shouted, he blew apart the head of a Myriad Beast Gate’s disciple.

“Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple, Lin Yun, is here!” Lin Yun roared and a female disciple of the Flame Phoenix Sect’s blood splattered on Lin Yun’s face from the massive hole in her chest.

“Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple, Lin Yun, is here! Who dares to fight me!” Lin Yun would roar whenever he killed a person, and his killing intent kept accumulating, instantly reaching a terrifying height.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Crimson light began to gather around him that shot to the sky, piercing through the demonic clouds. This scene made Jin Xuanyi, Ji Shuxuan, and Gongsun Yan feel a chill run down their spines, and they couldn’t say a word. Was Lin Yun planning to sweep his way over, killing everyone in his path by himself? This was a little too unbelievable, and they widened their mouths in disbelief.

This was completely different from what they knew about Lin Yun. He might be a decisive person, from their impression of him, but he wouldn’t take another innocent life, not to mention becoming insane like this.

“Junior Brother has lost it…” Jin Xuanyi said painfully.

But Gongsun Yan wore a grave expression and said, “Lost it? No, he’s trying to attract everyone who is deep in the valley. The bigger the commotion he creates, the safer Ye Ziling and others will be!”

Jin Xuanyi and Ji Shuxuan were both alarmed, but they soon came to their senses because that was really the case. Breathing out a sigh, Ji Shuxuan said, “But this means that Junior Brother Lin will have to carry a lot of lives on his shoulders.”

Gongsun Yan opened his mouth, but he ultimately didn’t say a word. Lin Yun was the disciple of the Radiant Sword Saint, so who would bear the responsibility if he didn’t? Before entering the Ancient Barren Battlefield, Lin Yun probably planned to resolve the Sword Sect’s danger alone with his sword and was determined not to let what happened two decades ago to be re-enacted.

“Let’s quickly go over and save our fellow disciples. Don’t let Lin Yun’s effort go to waste!” Gongsun Yan said, quickening up his speed.

As Jin Xuanyi and Ji Shuxuan exchanged a glance, they swiftly chased after Gongsun Yan. They believed there must be people who had survived, and Lin Yun’s efforts wouldn’t be in vain, even if they could save only one person.

“Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple, Lin Yun, is here! Who dares to fight me!” Another roar echoed as Lin Yun killed the last person. Standing at the mountain peak, Lin Yun’s gaze pierced through the mountain range and fell onto the ancient towering tree.

The ancient tree was so high that it pierced into the sky, and a white dragon could be faintly seen under the snowflakes. Lin Yun’s face changed, and he clenched his fists because that was Ye Ziling.

That was Senior Brother Jian’s daughter, and he could faintly hear weapons clashing under the tree. Right then, a figure soared to the sky and the sneer they had could be seen even from a thousand miles away, “Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple? Where is he? Why can’t I see him?”

When Lin Yun raised his head, he saw that it was Yan Kong, the righthand man of Qin Tian, ranked in the top three on the Profound Sky Sect and the mastermind behind this assault. “Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple, I, Yan Kong, am here! Why aren’t you coming to die!”