Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1626 - I'll Be Invincible Fifteen Minutes Later!Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“How is this possible?” The big sects’ chief disciples were shocked.

“I already said that all of you will die today.” Lin Yun hovered in the air, looking around.

As Yan Kong struggled to soar back to the sky, his face was sinister, and he roared, “What are you guys waiting for? Kill him!”

The seven chief disciples came to their senses and summoned their constellations, pressing down on Lin Yun. As various phenomena appeared in the sky, the phenomena and saint artifacts emitted a terrifying pressure as the seven appeared before Lin Yun.

“It’s futile, no matter who comes.” Lin Yun’s hair fluttered in the wind as he took a step forth. When he stepped forth, the forty-thousand dragon runes on his body converged into an Azure Dragon. The Azure Dragon was shrouded in thunderstorms with an immense dragon aura that enveloped this entire region, instantly suppressing their constellations.

Circulating his Blue Dragon Bone, Lin Yun produced another twenty-thousand dragon runes that formed into an Azure Dragon Saint Armor. This scene shocked everyone, and their eyeballs nearly fell out.

The dragon runes clearly formed into an Azure Dragon, so why were more dragon runes being produced? Everyone was stumped until they looked at Lin Yun’s chest. A blue light was being emitted from Lin Yun’s chest, containing boundless vitality.

“Dragon Bone!”

“Divine Dragon Bone! It’s definitely a Divine Dragon Bone! Qin Cang also had a Divine Dragon Bone back then, but Lin Yun’s Divine Dragon Bone seems even stronger than Qin Cang’s!”

“How is that possible? How did he manage to obtain one?” The audience was shocked, looking at Lin Yun’s chest with disbelief. It was a massive matter for one to possess a Divine Dragon Bone, not to mention that Lin Yun’s Divine Dragon Bone looked stronger than Qin Cang’s Golden Dragon Bone. So the shock it brought to everyone was naturally great.

“How is this possible? How can he possibly obtain a Divine Dragon Bone…?” Yan Kong’s pupils flashed with disbelief.

As the Azure Dragon roared, the clouds in the sky started to change. Lin Yun would hide it when he used the Blue Dragon Bone before, not wanting to reveal it. But he couldn’t be bothered and wanted to start a massacre.

A chief disciple slashed a blade towards Lin Yun, causing the sparks to fly and the dragon runes to shatter. His attack was terrifying, and that attack broke three hundred dragon runes.

“Divine Dragon Bone? Doesn’t seem so impressive after all…” A chief disciple grinned, but his smile froze the next moment. When the three hundred dragon runes disappeared, five hundred grew back.

That blade was strong, injuring Lin Yun’s ribs, and the pain made his brows furrow, but that was all it did. That attack didn’t even manage to injure his internal organs. But Lin Yun didn’t even take a look at where he was hit and slapped that chief disciple to death before he could respond.

Spinning in mid-air, Lin Yun’s hair was like a waterfall draping down, and his killing intent manifested into a crimson light that soared to the sky. As he avoided multiple attacks by strolling past them, he appeared before the Silverblood Elysium’s chief disciple.

This left everyone shocked, with their pupils squinting, and they quickly pushed their saint artifacts to the limit. When Lin Yun charged through, his dragon runes shattered like snowflakes, and he was soon covered in blood. He paid some price by taking their attacks head-on, but he managed to reach the Silverblood Elysium’s chief disciple.

He moved swiftly, and his right hand grabbed onto the Silverblood Elysium’s chief disciple like a dragon claw. With a cold light flashing across his pupils, he tightened his grip. His grip was strong, and his hand looked like a dragon claw. “Die!”

The Silverblood Elysium’s chief disciple mustered all his dragon origin to struggle. Still, he only lasted for a moment before his head flew off, landing on a snow mountain and causing that mountain to collapse.

“You’re courting death!” This left the remaining people in a fury, and three of them charged over. As three saint artifacts stabbed at Lin Yun, the dragon runes on his body began to fall like fish scales. The three saint artifacts had at least thirty-thousand dragon runes, and each had an ominous beast’s remnant soul engraved in it.

The saint runes were like tidal waves spreading apart, and the ominous beasts engraved in the saint artifacts appeared. They were a demon dragon, a ghastly crane, and a white goose. When the three beasts appeared, they roared and charged at Lin Yun.

But Lin Yun calmly circulated his Divine Firmament Sword Sutra and a Netherflower bloomed. His nether energy started spreading out like black miasma. The nether energy was swiftly corroding the saint artifacts that landed on him, and their power was swiftly dropping.

Pushing the Blue Dragon Bone to the limit, a boundless vitality was released from it. Lin Yun’s injuries had been swiftly recovered along with the dragon runes. This immediately caused their auras to change, and Lin Yun’s aura instantly suppressed those three. Along with a dragon roar, three divine seals revolved in his pupils.

Executing the Divine Dragon Eyes, Lin Yun clasped his hands together and executed the Sovereign Dragon Seal. The three ominous beasts instantly shattered into fragments, and the three flew away.

“Die!” Using his fingers as a sword, Lin Yun stabbed and killed those three, leaving behind a blood streak across their necks.

“No! No! No!” Those three panicked as they held onto their necks in fear while they fell from the sky. But their attempts were futile, as blood gushed out from their necks and their corpses fell to the ground. Only two remained out of the seven big sects’ chief disciples. They were the chief disciple of the Flame Phoenix Sect and the Azure Thunder Sect. They were fighting with the Azure Dragon summoned by Lin Yun with their Glory Saint Artifacts.

Lin Yun might be arrogant, but he wasn’t foolish. He first used the Azure Dragon to hold them back before killing the five as quickly as possible. Undoubtedly, the entire process was dangerous, and he couldn’t afford any failure.

If the Blue Dragon Bone couldn’t withstand the attacks of three saint artifacts, Lin Yun would have been in grave danger. But his master was humiliated, and his fellow disciples were trapped. So it was nothing for him to take some risk since he wanted to start a massacre.

“What’s going on?” The Flame Phoenix Sect and Azure Thunder Sect’s chief disciples were dumbfounded, and they quickly used their Glory Saint Artifacts to subdue the Azure Dragon. But they were too late because they lost their remaining companions.

Everything happened too quickly. Lin Yun merely took several steps out, and Golden Generation geniuses were nothing before him. No one expected this scene, making the two feel a chill run down their spines as they retreated to Yan Kong’s side.

“Senior Brother Yan Kong, what should we do now?” The Flame Phoenix Sect’s chief disciple asked. She had a mirror hovering beside her, and the scene inside the mirror was a sea of flames with phoenix cries that could be heard.

She was nervous, and she no longer had her arrogance and disdain from before. At this moment, she was feeling uneasy, and this was the same for the Azure Thunder Sect’s chief disciple.

“Help me buy fifteen minutes! I’ll be invincible fifteen minutes later!” Yan Kong’s eyes flashed with arrogance as he swallowed a pellet. “I want to reach the ninth stage in the Profound Sky Canon. If I succeed, I’ll be able to unleash the full power of the Heavenly Moon, and I can easily suppress him at that time.”

Those words made the two chief disciples’ eyes light up. The Profound Sky Canon was famous, and they had long heard of the Heavenly Moon. But they were still uneasy when facing Lin Yun.

“Hmph. It’s too late for you guys to retreat now.” Yan Kong glared. “Even if he’s strong, you think he can compete with Senior Brother Qin? Not to mention that my senior brother isn’t needed. Believe me. Give me fifteen minutes, and I’ll become invincible later!”

The two chief disciples exchanged a glance and gritted their teeth. They both possessed a Glory Saint Artifact, and it shouldn’t be a problem for them to buy fifteen minutes.

“Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple, Lin Yun, is here! Who dares to fight me?!” A roar echoed in the sky as lightning flashed behind that azure-robed figure, making him look like a fiend god. As Lin Yun hovered in the air, his hair fluttered violently in the wind, and his roar made many people's hearts beat wildly.

Lin Yun’s roar was like an Azure Dragon as hundreds of lightning bolts flashed across the sky. Lin Yun landed on the head of the Azure Dragon. His body was like a sword that perfectly fused with the Azure Dragon and emitted a terrifying Azure Dragon Sword Aura.

“This fellow is too much!” The two chief disciples’ gazes were cold.

“I don’t believe that he still dares to be so arrogant after fifteen minutes!” The Flame Phoenix Sect’s chief disciple lifted the mirror, and the flames in the mirror instantly became dazzling.

The Azure Thunder Sect’s chief disciple also brought out his Glory Saint Artifact, a Nine-Segment Lightning Emperor Whip.

Executing the two Glory Saint Artifacts, a flame phoenix flew out from the mirror, and the Nine-Segment Lightning Emperor Whip also released a purple dragon before they flew toward Lin Yun. They just had to buy fifteen minutes.

“I’ll let you live for another fifteen minutes!” Yan Kong gritted his teeth, looking at Lin Yun.