Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1627 - Fight (1)

The commotion caused by the two Glory Saint Artifacts was great, and the remnant souls engraved in the two Glory Saint Artifacts came to life under the saint runes. The flame phoenix and lightning dragon came to life as they streaked across the sky, charging at Lin Yun like scissors aimed at the Azure Dragon’s head.

Before the two attacks arrived, the surrounding space was like a painting that shattered with cracks spreading out while the flame phoenix and lightning dragon aimed at the Azure Dragon’s neck.

“Die!” The Flame Phoenix Sect and Azure Thunder Sect’s chief disciples roared as they formed a seal together.

The might of the Glory Saint Artifacts in their hands grew, catching everyone by surprise. Lin Yun had long expected this and rode the Azure Dragon like he was wielding a sword. The Azure Dragon coiled around before it shot out like a cannonball, avoiding the attacks of the two Glory Saint Artifacts and heading towards Yan Kong.

“Return!” The two didn’t panic, but recalled their Glory Saint Artifacts. When they wielded their Glory Saint Artifacts, the flame phoenix and lightning dragon became more vivid as they dashed over and enveloped Lin Yun in their might.

Just when Lin Yun wanted to get close to Yan Kong, he was forced to retreat by those two. As the three fought in mid-air, Yan Kong emitted silver light from his body, and the demonic clouds in the sky became thin under the silver light. There was a silver moon hiding behind the thin clouds, shining silver moonlight down on Yan Kong.

“The Profound Sky Canon! Yan Kong is planning to make a breakthrough on the spot!”

“Judging from this phenomenon, he’ll probably become invincible when he makes a breakthrough. The Profound Sky Canon will become increasingly terrifying the further one reaches for it.”

“Looks like Flower Burial is doomed.” Everyone was surprised, looking at the silver moon in the clouds. This was because the silver moon was too bewitching. Even if it was hidden behind the demonic clouds, it didn’t look like anything that existed in the world. The moonlight that shone down from it emitted terrifying spiritual energy, and the surrounding spiritual energy became dense when the moonlight shone down. Yan Kong’s temperament also became increasingly ethereal, which made him look like an immortal.

“He succeeded!” The Flame Phoenix Sect and Azure Thunder Sect’s chief disciples couldn’t conceal the joy on their faces.

“Profound Sky Canon?” Lin Yun was surprised, looking at Yan Kong.

“You’re afraid now? It’s too late for you to beg for mercy. You will die in less than fifteen minutes!” The Flame Phoenix Sect’s chief disciple’s expression became even more sinister, seeing that Yan Kong’s breakthrough was smooth.

“Ha. Why spend so much time talking to him? He’ll suffer worse than death in a moment. This bastard’s demonic trait is so intense. It’s cheap to let him off so easily by killing him.” The Azure Thunder Sect’s chief disciple said coldly.

As they spoke, they continued to clash with Lin Yun. They had no intention of defeating him, they just had to keep Lin Yun from interrupting Yan Kong’s breakthrough. This also made them believe that Yan Kong wasn’t lying to them. They just had to buy fifteen minutes for Yan Kong to become invincible.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Lin Yun, weren’t you arrogant earlier? Why are you so quiet now?”

“You might have a chance if you flee now. Otherwise, you’ll die in fifteen minutes!”

“Hahaha. He won’t be able to leave. There is a group of fellow disciples in the Saint Constellation Snow Valley. If he leaves, everyone from the Sword Sect will have to die!” The two chief disciples tried to disrupt Lin Yun’s emotions while using their Glory Saint Artifacts to harass him.

They weren’t just trying to affect Lin Yun’s emotions but wanted Lin Yun to reveal some flaws. After all, five out of seven chief disciples have died in Lin Yun’s hands, and they couldn’t take this lying down.

Fifteen minutes later, Yan Kong was emitting a dazzling silver light. The moonlight that was shining down could be seen from a few thousand miles away. Shortly after, waves of powerful aura exploded from Yan Kong that tore apart the demonic clouds and dyed the sky silver.

“He’s going to succeed soon!” The Flame Phoenix Sect and Azure Thunder Sect’s chief disciples rejoiced upon seeing this scene.

Standing on the Azure Dragon, Lin Yun stopped attacking.

“What’s wrong? Are you afraid now? The Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple knows fear. Who asked if anyone dared to challenge the Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple earlier?” The Flame Phoenix Sect’s chief disciple coldly looked at Lin Yun.

“Glory Saint Artifacts are, indeed, extraordinary. I can’t take you guys down anytime soon.” Lin Yun didn’t reply to her and looked at their Glory Saint Artifacts.

“Hmph. At least you have some self-awareness. With a Glory Saint Artifact, we’re both invincible. After Senior Brother Yan Kong makes a breakthrough, he can suppress you with one hand!” The Azure Thunder Sect’s chief disciple snickered.

“Suppress me with one hand? You guys should be more worried about yourselves, instead!” Lin Yun smiled and retrieved an umbrella. In the next moment, the Azure Dragon dashed out with Lin Yun. As Lin Yun poured his dragon runes into the umbrella, the umbrella shone brightly, and a mighty dragon aura swept out. This made Lin Yun’s hair flutter violently as he stood on the Azure Dragon’s head.

“Stop him!” The two panicked and were surprised before they quickly activated their Glory Saint Artifacts.

Lightning and flames converged into an ocean that filled the sky before a flame phoenix and lightning dragon descended from the sky. This time, the commotion was even more terrifying than before, and they could feel a threat coming from Lin Yun.

When the flame phoenix and lightning dragon collided with Lin Yun, the flames and lightning emitted a dazzling radiance. Shortly thereafter, the remaining shockwave dispersed, revealing huge craters on the ground.

“Did we succeed?” The two gasped for breath and looked at this scene with uncertainty.

But right then, the flame phoenix and lightning dragon were sent flying back by a powerful force, catching them by surprise before they were hit by the flame phoenix and lightning dragon. As blood dripped down their lips, they raised their heads to see that Lin Yun had opened up the bizarre umbrella and was standing on the Azure Dragon. Lin Yun’s robe fluttered in the wind, showing that he was unharmed.