Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1628 - Fight (2)

On the contrary, the mirror and whip in the hands of the two chief disciples began to tremble for some reason, making them widen their eyes in disbelief, “How is this possible?!”

But that wasn’t the most significant trouble. The biggest concern was that their Glory Saint Artifacts were suppressed for some reason, and they could no longer control them.

“Death to those who dare to stand in my way!” Lin Yun said with a cold light flashing across his pupils and boundless killing intent soaring to the sky.

Wielding the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella, Lin Yun leaped from the Azure Dragon and appeared before the two chief disciples. He closed the umbrella before swinging it.

Struck by the umbrella, the Flame Phoenix Sect and Azure Thunder Sect’s chief disciples threw out mouthfuls of blood while being sent flying back; they also lost grip of their Glory Saint Artifacts.

When Lin Yun chased after the Flame Phoenix Sect’s chief disciple, this made the woman panic and she furiously roared, “You demon! Get lost, you bastard!”

But she was heavily injured and had lost her Glory Saint Artifact. So how could she possibly avoid Lin Yun? Lin Yun swiftly caught up to her in a few breaths’ time. He didn’t go easy on her. He raised his hand and slapped her.

His slap made the woman throw out a mouthful of blood, and she flew away like a sandbag, colliding against a far away mountain. The immense impact snapped the mountain into two. When Lin Yun wanted to chase after the Azure Thunder Sect’s chief disciple, silver light suddenly enveloped the entire region, and even Lin Yun had to squint his eyes.

Soaring to the sky, Yan Kong hovered in the air, his hair scattered about, and his temperament had undergone a drastic transformation. He had finally reached the ninth stage in the Profound Sky Canon. He was briefly stunned before he became excited, “I succeeded!”

“Heavenly Moon!” Yan Kong crossed his arms, and a massive silver moon appeared behind him. Beneath the moon was a silver platform covered in runes, and the silver moon slowly revolved over the platform.

As the silver moon revolved, the heaven and earth began to rumble, and the dense demonic clouds were blown apart, replaced by a silver screen.

“Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple, Lin Yun, come and die!” Yan Kong laughed, and his roar made the entire snow mountain tremble.

In the Saint Constellation Snow Valley, Mu Xueqin and the other Sword Sect’s disciples in the spiritual array naturally sensed the commotion created by Yan Kong, along with his words.

“Lin Yun?”

“Senior Brother Lin is here? That sounds like Yan Kong’s voice…”

“Senior Brother Lin shouldn’t have come…”

“Senior Sister Mu, let’s go and fight them to the death!” The Sword Sect’s disciples were briefly stunned before their expressions became grave. They were worried for Lin Yun’s safety. They all turned to look at Mu Xueqin.

Mu Xueqin’s face changed, and her expression was uncertain. Right then, several figures appeared within the spiritual array. This instantly made all the Sword Sect’s disciples nervous. When they raised their heads, they saw Gongsun Yan, Jin Xuanyi, Ji Shuxuan, and the other Sword Sect disciples that they had saved.

“Why are you guys here?”

“Junior Brother Jin, Junior Brother Ji, weren’t the two of you captured earlier?”

The Sword Sect’s disciples were briefly stunned before they bombarded the three with questions.

The three were naturally excited as well. In the end, Gongsun Yan said, “Reporting back to Senior Sister Mu, it’s Lin Yun! Senior Brother Lin is here! He swept through all the big sects’ disciples that were in his path, killing anyone who stood in his way. He took revenge for the Sword Sect!”

“We’re both saved by Senior Brother Lin.” Jin Xuanyi and Ji Shuxuan added.

The other Sword Sect’s disciples also opened their mouths to explain. “We should’ve been dead, but we heard Senior Brother Lin’s voice when we were heavily injured. He pushed his way through, yelling, ‘Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple, Lin Yun is here. Who dares to fight me!’ No one dared to fight him, and he killed anyone in his way.”

“Yeah, he’s too strong. It’s no wonder why he’s Martial Ancestor Radiant’s disciple! He fully displayed the might of our Sword Sect with his sword alone, killing anyone who dared to stand out.”

The surrounding Sword Sect’s disciples could feel their blood boiling and eyes welling with tears when they heard what they said.

Mu Xueqin bit her lips, and she could feel a warmth in her heart. She now knew why Yan Kong gave up when he was only one step away from breaking the Sword Sect’s spiritual array. It turned out that Lin Yun drew his attention.

“Senior Sister Mu, we’ll kill our way through!”

“Yeah. Let’s fight those bastards from the Profound Sky Sect to the end!” The Sword Sect’s disciples could no longer endure their rage.

As Mu Xueqin’s eyes flickered, she soon decided, “Half of the people will stay behind and wait for Junior Sister Ye to finish refining the Saint Constellation. If she succeeds, our Sword Sect will obtain an ancient Great Saint’s inheritance. We can’t allow any disturbances. As for everyone else, we’ll kill our way out and fight them!”Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Roger that!” The Sword Sect’s disciples stood up and divided their jobs.

“My fellow disciples, come with me and help Senior Brother Lin!” Mu Xueqin yelled, taking the lead. “As long as the moon hangs in the sky, the Sword Sect is immortal!”

““As long as the moon hangs in the sky, the Sword Sect is immortal!””

Radiant voices echoed like sword vibrations as Mu Xueqin led the way. Everyone turned into multiple shadows that had dashed forth.

When they charged out of the valley, they were immediately shocked by what they saw. Yan Kong was enveloped by the silver moonlight while laughing at Lin Yun, “Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple, do you dare to fight me?”

Yan Kong’s words spread far and wide as the wind whistled. He was enveloped in a massive aura. The grace he displayed was even purer than the moon.

Under the silver screen, Lin Yun hovered in the air and swung the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella, striking the Azure Thunder Sect’s chief disciple, who was watching the show from the side, waiting for Lin Yun to be suppressed by Yan Kong.

The Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella pierced through the Azure Thunder Sect’s chief disciple’s chest and pinned his corpse to the ground. Then, Lin Yun raised his head to look at Yan Kong with his black hair violently fluttering in the wind.

“Since you want to fight, I’ll give you a fight!” Waving his hand, Lin Yun summoned the Flower Burial Sword from his sword box without a hint of fear within his pupils.

Since Yan Kong wanted a battle, Lin Yun would give him a battle. As the Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple, why would he fear a fight?