Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1635 - Azure Dragon Saint Palace

The short clash between the two surprised everyone. They were initially shocked by the strength Qin Tian had revealed. After all, Qin Tian first defeated four holy lands’ inner disciples and that mysterious woman. Even now, when Qin Tian fought Lin Yun, his aura hadn’t declined.

The feeling that Qin Tian gave everyone could only be described as unfathomable. No one had imagined Lin Yun would be able to fight Qin Tian to an even match, and the aura he gave off wasn’t any weaker, either. At this moment, they finally realized that they couldn’t underestimate the Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple.

“Ha. You’re too weak. So weak that I can’t muster my interest to kill you.” Qin Tian smiled before he dashed forth.

When he raised his hand, Lin Yun took his attack head-on with the Sovereign Dragon Seal. As a sun and a moon rose behind Qin Tian, they unleashed an unprecedented pressure under the tenth-stage Profound Sky Canon.

A crack appeared on Lin Yun’s palm that soon spread and covered half of his arm. The wounds on his arm were so terrifying, with the injuries being so deep that his bones could be seen.

“Senior Brother Lin!” The Sword Sect’s disciples immediately became worried when they saw this scene, including An Liuyan.

“Fifth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm!” Someone exclaimed. When everyone raised their heads, they could see five dragons behind Qin Tian. As An Liuyan said, Qin Tian’s actual cultivation was at the fifth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm.

What a terrifying cultivation! Lin Yun inwardly exclaimed. Even after the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra corroded a huge portion of Qin Tian’s dragon origin, he still suffered such heavy injuries. If his Divine Firmament Sword Sutra didn’t corrode Qin Tian’s dragon origin, his entire arm would have probably been broken. Circulating the Blue Dragon Bone, boundless vitality poured out, and the wounds on his arm swiftly recovered.

“The Blue Dragon Bone is truly profound.” Qin Tian smiled, then continued in a cold voice, “If paired with my Golden Dragon Bone, I’ll really become invincible. So I must dig out his dragon bone today, no matter what!”Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

With a golden dragon roar, Qin Tian became covered in a dazzling golden light with a divine dragon’s aura fluctuating throughout the surroundings. As he laughed, Qin Tian unleashed another attack with his arms appearing like a dragon claw, while being accompanied by a sun and a moon. It appeared as though a Divine Dragon was riding on the sun and moon.

“Sovereign Dragon Seal—Divine Solar Lunar Fist!” Lin Yun also moved, pushing the Sovereign Dragon Seal to the limit before executing the Divine Solar Lunar Fist. Since Qin Tian manifested the sun and moon with the Heavenly Moon and Heavenly Sun, he would also manifest the sun and moon with a golden crow and silver phoenix.

They both swiftly clashed in mid-air. Although Lin Yun’s cultivation was lower than Qin Tian’s, he cultivated two sword sutras and brought out the Dragon-Phoenix World Annihilating Cauldron. In addition to the boundless vitality coming from the Blue Dragon Bone, he would be able to swiftly recover as long as he didn’t suffer any severe injuries.

Qin Tian obtained a massive advantage on the surface, but he still couldn’t suppress Lin Yun, no matter how hard he tried. When they clashed again, their punches collided head-on. Lin Yun took ten-odd steps back, while Qin Tian didn’t even take half a step back.

But when Qin Tian focused his center of gravity down, the immense strength cracked the stones on his feet.

“Oh my god!”

“Qin Tian is too strong. This is the disciple personally taught by Tian Xuanzi?”

“I heard that he’s only a disciple-in-name that Tian Xuanzi purposely nurtured to suppress everyone in the Ancient Barren Battlefield. To begin with, he could fight those with a higher cultivation than him. Now that his cultivation is at the fifth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm, who else could suppress him?”

“He’s probably invincible in the Ancient Barren Battlefield now!”

“Qin Tian is a little too terrifyingly strong.” An Liuyan furrowed her brows. When she looked at Qin Tian, her pupils contained a wisp of killing intent while gritting her teeth. “Young Master Lin is suffering from a disadvantage in his cultivation.”

“Not only his cultivation, but Qin Tian has a lot of trump cards. Junior Brother Lin still can’t completely probe him.”

Qin Tian was hovering in mid-air with a golden light shining from his chest that enveloped his entire body.

“Sovereign Dragon Seal in addition to the Divine Solar Lunar Fist. It looks like you’ve grasped more secret techniques of the Dragon Clan than me.” Qin Tian looked at Lin Yun with a playful smile. He had to admit that he was surprised by Lin Yun’s trump cards, especially his Dragon Clan martial techniques. Qin Tian didn’t know where Lin Yun got his Dragon Clan martial techniques, and even he had only heard of the Sovereign Dragon Seal. After all, even the royal bloodline of the Divine Dragon Empire might not grasp the Sovereign Dragon Seal.

“But you’ll die today, no matter what, and nothing you do can change that. This is because your opponent is me, Qin Tian!” Qin Tian was arrogant, and his tone was filled with great confidence.

But just when he was about to move, a crimson sun rose to the sky as a youth donned in a scarlet robe appeared before him. This person was the chief disciple of the Sword Sect, Gu Ruochen.

As he was drawing his sword, it was like a bright sun, and the crimson sun restrained all the light in the world. Swinging his sword, it cracked the Heavenly Sun and Heavenly Moon before charging at Qin Tian’s forehead with unprecedented sharpness.

This surprised Qin Tian, who moved to avoid this sword. But Gu Ruochen didn’t let him off so easily and kept approaching him. He was wielding his saint sword, unleashing one attack after another while being basked in the sun.

Whenever he swung his sword, it would unleash a crimson firestorm. Gu Ruochen also emitted a dazzling radiance. The Sun Intent quietly dissolved Qin Tao’s divine dragon aura. This made everyone take in a cold breath while being shocked by Gu Ruochen’s Sun Intent.

It was hard to grasp the Sun Intent because this required one to grasp both Flame and Light Intent, not to mention that one even needed the assistance of the Sun Essence Stone to cultivate.

“Finally going to make a move?” Qin Tian wasn’t surprised, but wore a smile instead. “You remember what I told you outside the Ancient Barren Battlefield? You’re incapable of protecting Lin Yun or any of the Sword Sect’s disciples.”

When he was done speaking, he merely used two fingers to clamp down on Gu Ruochen’s sword tip. But Gu Ruochen didn’t say a word and circulated the dragon origin within his body. As dazzling golden light shone out, Gu Ruochen’s sword vibrated.

But no matter how he tried, he couldn’t move his sword from Qin Tian’s fingers. They were like a dragon’s claws clamping onto his sword.

With a faint smile, Qin Tian flicked his fingers. The immense distorting power bent the sword. When that energy spread out, Gu Ruochen began to start swaying. He threw out a mouthful of blood as he fell to the ground.

“Looks like there’s nothing impressive about the Sword Sect’s chief disciple.” Qin Tian hovered in the air, looking at Gu Ruochen with mockery in his pupils.

As Qin Tian’s hair fluttered in the wind, he shone with golden light and was enveloped in his dragon aura. After sending Gu Ruochen back, his gaze fell onto Lin Yun, and he snorted, “I already said that you’ll die today, no matter what. It’s time to end the Radiant Sword Saint’s legend.”

Looking at Gu Ruochen, a cold light flashed within Lin Yun’s pupils. Qin Tian was a little intense. Gu Ruochen probably made a move because he was worried about his injuries, but his injuries were nothing with the Blue Dragon Bone. The most significant trouble was that he didn’t know how much strength Qin Tian had used.

“The Profound Sky Canon’s tenth-stage curbs sword intent.” Ye Ziling’s voice resounded.

“I know.” Lin Yun replied. He had already sensed that when he fought Qin Tian. That sun and moon had practically suppressed his Firmament Sword Intent.

It was even more apparent when Qin Tian fought with Gu Ruochen. Gu Ruochen didn’t have a dragon bone, nor did he practice two sword sutras. So he couldn’t put up a fight against Qin Tian, even though he had grasped the Sun Intent.

As Qin Tian gradually approached, the cracks on the sun and moon behind him were long patched up, making him look even more mighty.

Just when Gu Ruochen stood back on his feet, he was sent flying away by Qin Tian with a wave of his hand. After Gu Ruochen threw out three mouthfuls of blood, he could no longer get back on his feet.

“Senior Brother!” The Sword Sect’s disciples flew into a rage.

“Let me see who still dares to make a move!” Qin Tian arrogantly said, looking at the Sword Sect’s disciples. Like that, Qin Tian slowly approached the entire Sword Sect party. This scene made everyone’s hearts throb violently, and they could sense immense pressure from Qin Tian.

But just when he finished speaking, a sword ray flew out like a dragon. That sword ray sent the sun and moon flying back, shattering the Golden Dragon’s claw before heading at Qin Tian’s chest. When that sword ray landed on Qin Tian’s chest, sparks flew, and Qin Tian’s Golden Dragon Bone shone brightly before he took three steps back.

When Qin Tian stabilized himself, he waved his hand to erase that sword ray. When he looked at the person who unleashed that sword ray, he was surprised.

“Divine Dragon Sword Physique? You must be Ye Ziling, Jian Jingtian’s daughter and Sword Sect’s saint disciple.” Qin Tian said.

“That’s me.” Ye Ziling raised her head to look at Qin Tian without fear in her pupils. Her strength had undergone a transformative boost after refining that Saint Constellation and her current strength might not be any weaker than Gu Ruochen. She could also bring out more power from the Glory Saint Artifact in her hand.

Zhang Yuan and Liu Xu flew over, landing beside Qin Tian and emitted terrifying auras, especially Zhang Yuan. When Zhang Yuan unleashed his aura that belonged to an inner disciple of the holy land, it was even more potent than Liu Xu’s.

“Brother Qin, the Sword Sect doesn’t seem to be honest. Do you need me to deal with them?” Zhang Yuan squinted his eyes.

“No need.” Qin Tian snickered. “Mere ants can never kill an elephant. Even if they all come at me, why do I have to be afraid? I’ve already said I’m invincible in the Ancient Barren Battlefield, and it’s time for the Radiant Sword Saint’s legend to end.”

“Senior Sister Ye, let me handle this.” Lin Yun stepped forth and summoned the Flower Burial Sword from his sword box. When he held onto his sword, a terrifying sword aura exploded from Lin Yun, making Qin Tian, Zhang Yuan, and Liu Xu close their eyes. But not long later, Zhang Yuan and Liu Xu let out a snort to force back the sword aura.

“Flower Burial Sword? So you’re finally going to draw your sword? I hope that you won’t disappoint me.” Qin Tian smiled, allowing his hair to flutter under the sword aura.

“This is the sword that severed your junior brother into two.” Lin Yun said.

Qin Tian raised his brow upon hearing that, and a terrifying killing aura swept out from his pupils. But just when Lin Yun and Qin Tian were about to clash, the sky suddenly became dark, with a massive shadow enveloping everyone within it.

“What’s going on?” Before everyone could come to their senses, a massive Blue Dragon’s head appeared and took a deep breath, sweeping everyone into its mouth.

This made everyone briefly stunned before they rejoiced. This was because they knew that the Blue Dragon Saint Palace had appeared and that Blue Dragon was the spirit of the saint palace.