Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1637 - Qin Tian (1)

That golden human was only at the length of a human. It was purely condensed with sword intent and high spirituality, looking like a living thing.

Everyone saw Lin Yun’s sword soul for the first time, and they were surprised because that golden human looked alive. Everyone wouldn’t be surprised if that golden human suddenly spoke out.

Ye Qingxuan was surprised because that was a powerful sword soul. He also had a sword soul, but his sword soul was a sword, and it was impossible for him to summon it out of his sword ocean. Sword souls were part of the soul, and letting it leave the body was equivalent to cutting down a piece of flesh from your body.

Not only was it painful, it was hard to merge with it once it had been separated. So this scene was simply too unbelievable. Ye Qingxuan then suddenly thought of something: Dual sword souls!

Looking to the side, he noticed that everyone’s expressions were more or less the same as his, but they had a rapport in not saying anything. On the other hand, Gu Ruochen fell into deep thoughts while looking at the sword soul. It was stronger than Firmament Sword Intent sword souls and was on a completely different level. This immediately made Gu Ruochen think of a terrifying possibility.

When his gaze fell onto Lin Yun, the shock on his face grew even deeper. He now understood why Lin Yun dared to face Qin Tian head-on. Qin Tian might be terrifying and unfathomable, but Lin Yun also had his trump cards.

A terrifying power appeared on the mountain that sounded like a ferocious roar. This instantly made Lin Yun throw out a mouthful of blood and quickly recalled his sword soul back. His sword soul had nearly dissipated earlier. Fine cracks appeared on the golden human, even after he forcibly recalled it.

Since his sword soul was damaged, this also made his body and soul suffer some damages, giving him a splitting headache and blood dripping out of his eyes, nose, and mouth.

“Young Master Lin, how are you?” An Liuyan quickly stepped forth and patted Lin Yun’s back.

Ye Ziling, Mu Xueqin, and the others quickly stepped forth with concern. But because An Liuyan was one step ahead of them, they couldn’t examine Lin Yun’s injuries, which was why they were so anxious.

“Let me. I possess the Divine Dragon Sword Physique and Radiant Snow Bloodline. They might be of help to his soul.” Ye Ziling stepped forth and quickly used her Radiant Snow Bloodline to treat Lin Yun’s injuries.

After pushing An Liuyan away, Ye Ziling sat down, and an ancient tree appeared behind her. When snowflakes bloomed within her pupils, boundless dragon origin poured into Lin Yun’s body through her hands. This surprised everyone else, but none of them said anything. None of them knew An Liuyan, so they were filled with doubts about her identity. So compared to An Liuyan, they naturally believed in Ye Ziling.

When An Liuyan was suddenly pushed aside by Ye Ziling, she bit her lip and clenched her fist because Ye Ziling was too unreasonable. But she soon hid the emotions within her pupils because Ye Ziling and Lin Yun were acquainted with each other from when Lin Yun had descended into the Kunlun Realm. On the other hand, she was just a demoness. She soon brushed it off with a smile, and her eyes were filled with concern while looking at Lin Yun.

Lin Yun should be fine because he possessed the Azure Dragon Saint Physique and the Blue Dragon Bone. Earlier, she activated the White Dragon Bone to activate Lin Yun’s Blue Dragon Bone to treat the injuries that were on his body even faster. On the other hand, the Radiant Snow Bloodline could temper and nourish the body.

“Lady An, are you alright?” Everyone’s attention was on Lin Yun and Ye Ziling, but Gu Ruochen saw the emotions within An Liuyan’s pupils and stepped forth to comfort her.

“I’m fine.” An Liuyan replied. Her gaze was still on Lin Yun, and she didn’t even raise her head. But suddenly, she came to her senses because Gu Ruochen mentioned her surname, so she asked, “You know about my identity?”

Gu Ruochen nodded his head. When he saw the uneasiness in An Liuyan, he quickly smiled, “It’s fine. I can tell you have no ill intentions towards Junior Brother Lin.”

Everyone else could also tell that An Liuyan had no ill intentions towards Lin Yun. But the matter was just complicated because it was between women, which was why Gu Ruochen tried to comfort her since he understood what was happening.

When Lin Yun slowly opened his eyes, he had already recovered from his injuries on his body, but he still needed some time with his sword soul. Although his injuries weren’t light, he also had a massive harvest because he had a rough idea about this place.

“I’m fine.” Lin Yun stood up.

Seeing Lin Yun awake, Ye Ziling rejoiced, “Are you really alright? What happened earlier? We’re all worried about you.”

“Don’t tell me there are ghosts in this place?”

“Ancient demonic corpses?” Gongsun Yan and others asked.

“Nothing that profound. I was injured by the dragon spirit protecting the mountain from my intrusion, and those corpses should be the corpses of the Demonspirit Clan. As for this mountain…” Lin Yun took two steps forth and looked at the mountain with a playful smile.

“What is it?” Mu Xueqin asked.

Lin Yun circulated his Divine Dragon Eyes to look through the fog. He continued, “This mountain should be a graveyard. Possibly, those buried here are important figures of the Dragon Gate or even Divine Dragons.”

“Graveyard? What kind of important figure is buried here?”Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“I don’t know.” Lin Yun replied. “There are many graves here. Since my Blue Dragon Bone reacts to this place, this means that there’s something special about this place that’s related to me. I once obtained the Azure Dragon’s inheritance on the Heavenly Path and obtained the Blue Dragon Bone from the Dragon Remnant Astral Realm. So everything might already be fated…”

Not to mention that he also had the Iris Sword Saint’s inheritance, the Dragon-Phoenix World Annihilating Cauldron, and a mysterious sword within his body.