Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1647 - I'll Be Taking Your Life Today! (1)

“Five paintings? Five constellations? How is that even possible?” Everyone’s jaws dropped when they saw Lin Yun summoning five paintings.

They were all dumbfounded, with huge question marks on their heads. When their gazes fell onto Lin Yun, their pupils were filled with shock.

“Kill!” Qin Tian sneered. If the Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple wasn’t this strong, he wouldn’t be qualified for Qin Tian to bring out his full strength. When he pushed the two sun and moon wheels forth, Lin Yun’s Flower Burial Sword merely fended for a brief moment before it was knocked away.

After the Flower Burial Sword was knocked away, the sun and moon wheels continued to charge towards Lin Yun. When the two wheels descended, they tore apart the demonic clouds in the sky abd starlight started shining down.

The saint’s clone lifted the entire sky as the Golden Dragon roared. The sun and moon were then accompanied in the starry sky. This scene shocked everyone, and they couldn’t say a single word.

After the Flower Burial Sword was sent flying away, Lin Yun didn’t panic since he had already expected it. He just needed to buy some time for him to summon his constellation. When Lin Yun raised his head, the starry sky looked realistic, and each star was blazing with terrifying flames.

“So what if you have five constellations? Lin Yun, no one in the Ancient Barren Battlefield can withstand my Sun-Moon Wheel Slash!” Qin Tian roared with arrogance, and his tone was filled with confidence. He looked as though he was possessed by Tian Xuanzi, having an invincible momentum.

“How can I deal with your attack? One punch is enough!” With five constellations behind him, Lin Yun rose to the sky. Since it was a dragon spirit martial technique, he would just break it with another dragon spirit martial technique.

Rising to the sky, Lin Yun’s hands joined together and started executing the Golden Dragon Seal, Blue Dragon Seal, Silver Dragon Seal, and Sovereign Dragon Seal.

As he formed seals with his hands, a seven-colored light bloomed, and his Azure Dragon’s aura was multiplied by eighteen-fold. But he didn’t stop there. He summoned his dragon runes with a roar. Empowered by the five ominous beasts’ paintings, the dragon aura that Lin Yun was giving off reached an unbelievable height.

Then, Lin Yun executed the first form of the Sovereign Dragon Fist, Soaring Divine Dragon!

When Lin Yun clenched his fist together, the entire space began to tremble, with fine cracks appearing in the surrounding air. He was like a divine dragon throwing a punch at the sun and moon wheels head-on. When his punch came in contact with the two wheels, a thousand dragon runes flew out from Lin Yun and combined to form a massive dragon.

Facing his attack, the two wheels merely lasted for a brief moment before they were torn apart. The five ominous beasts also clashed with the saint’s clone, with a Golden Dragon letting out a ferocious roar.

Explosions echoed in the sky, shockwaves spread out, and meteorites fell from the sky. Lin Yun charged forth with the Golden Crow Wings unfolding behind him. As his blood boiled, he dashed forth like a sharp sword, piercing through all the meteorites in his path toward Qin Tian.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Good!” Qin Tian wiped the blood off his lips. When he saw Lin Yun charging over, he laughed and charged forth as well.

When they clashed, they each threw out ten-odd punches as the two streaks of light intertwined. When Lin Yun and Qin Tian clashed, their constellations also fought, creating a shocking phenomenon.

This scene was terrifying for others, regardless of them being the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples, the eight powerful sects’ chief disciples, or the holy lands’ disciples. They could all feel a chill running down their spines as they witnessed Qin Tian and Lin Yun’s fight.

Whenever the two collided, the shockwave from their clash would make everyone’s eardrums tremble with a stinging pain in their internal organs. But they wouldn’t stop fighting as long as their blood didn’t dry up.

One of them was the disciple of Tian Xuanzi, and the other was the disciple of the Radiant Sword Saint. The two were peerless geniuses of the era, unleashing their radiance. They both stood at the top of the pyramid, regardless of Tian Xuanzi or the Radiant Sword Saint.

No matter the outcome of this battle, Lin Yun had proven with his actions that the Radiant Sword Saint hadn’t become old yet, and his title as Flower Burial would also shake the entire Eastern Desolation and the Kunlun Realm.

“How did this fellow manage to do it…?”

“The Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple is this strong?” The holy lands’ disciples, who Qin Tian defeated, looked at Lin Yun with shock and despair.

When Lin Yun and Qin Tian clashed again, they retreated after a punch.

“Flower Burial!” Lin Yun waved his hand and summoned the Flower Burial Sword back to his hand. Lin Yun hovered in the air without wasting words and roared, “Qin Tian, take my sword!”

The Golden Crow Wings unfolded behind him with a wingspan of twenty-odd feet. Every single feather was shining with a metallic luster while shining brightly. Wielding the Flower Burial Sword, Lin Yun unleashed a dazzling sword ray that even outshone the saint’s clone, five ominous beasts, and the Golden Dragon.

The only thing left in this world was the Flower Burial Sword. As the sword shone brightly, its glory spirits were activated, releasing a dazzling brilliance. As the wind roared, Lin Yun wielded the Flower Burial Sword with rage blazing in his heart before swinging his sword down.

“I’m invincible in this world!” Lin Yun pushed his sword aura to the limit. As he let out a roar, he executed the Heaven Sword Form and Earth Sword Form. Multiple figures flew out from his body, each wielding a sword. Swinging out their swords, the sword rays soon formed into two ancient words, ‘Heaven’ and ‘Earth.’

When the two words intertwined, they flew out along Lin Yun’s sword, unleashing a frightening aura. When the two ancient words revolved, the surrounding space was distorted, with all light disappearing. As boundless sword aura gushed out, the ground began to crack, and the cracks soon spread toward the Profound Sky Array enveloping the altar.

“Divine Dragon Sun-Moon Heaven!” Sensing the immense pressure, Qin Tian pushed the Profound Sky Canon to the limit, unleashing sunlight and moonlight. He manifested the Heavenly Sun with one hand and the Heavenly Moon with the other. The Golden Dragon Bone in his chest released a dazzling golden light before a Golden Dragon flew out from his chest the next moment, devouring the sun and moon.

After devouring the sun and moon, the Golden Dragon revolved. After the dragon shrank in size, it then faced Lin Yun’s sword head-on. When both sides clashed, a series of explosions echoed, followed by a wailing draconic roar. A brief moment later, fragments of the Golden Dragon scattered from the sky. The heaven, earth, sun, and moon also exploded, causing the surrounding space to collapse into a void.

As Lin Yun charged out from the void, he thrust his sword towards Qin Tian’s forehead.