Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1650 - Blood Feud, Paid With Blood!

Everyone’s eyeballs nearly fell out when they saw this scene. They couldn’t believe that Qin Tian had died. They came to their senses after Qin Tian’s headless corpse fell to the ground. They knew that Qin Tian was really dead now.

“Senior Brother!” The Profound Sky Sect’s disciples, who were fighting with the Sword Sect’s disciples, were the first to recover from their shock and exclaimed.

“How is this possible?”

“How can Senior Brother possibly be defeated?”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The Saint Sovereign personally teaches him. How can the Saint Sovereign’s disciple die…?”

“Are we dreaming?” The morale of the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples fell because Qin Tian’s death struck a massive blow to them.

After all, the chant ‘Profound Sky Saint Sovereign, invincible in the Ancient Barren’ wasn’t only a chant, but their faith. All along, Tian Xuanzi was an invincible existence in their hearts. Aside from the Radiant Sword Saint, no one in the Ancient Barren Domain could suppress him.

In addition to the fact that the Radiant Sword Saint hadn’t made a move for the past century, only Tian Xuanzi’s legend could be heard in the Ancient Barren Domain. It was so much so that even in the Kunlun Realm, Tian Xuanzi was the strongest monstrous genius in the past millennium.

In the Ancient Barren Battlefield, Qin Tian should represent the invincibility of Tian Xuanzi. Qin Tian was a banner, but that banner had fallen by the hands of the Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple.

Gu Ruochen, who was fighting on the altar, was shocked when he saw this scene. But a brief moment later, he could feel his blood boiling. After all, ever since the Sword Sect’s Golden Generation was annihilated in the hands of the Profound Sky Sect, many Sword Sect’s disciples had died to the Profound Sky Sect over the years.

The Sword Sect’s disciples had it all pent up, and he could only watch as the Sword Sect disciples were bullied. But today, Lin Yun finally took revenge for them. Gu Ruochen waved his hand and roared, “As Long as the Moon Exists, the Sword Sect Never Dies!”

““As Long as the Moon Exists, the Sword Sect Never Dies!”” The Sword Sect’s disciples roared from the bottom of their hearts, and their voices echoed in the Ancient Barren Battlefield, leaving everyone else shocked.

At this moment, everyone knew that the Sword Sect had risen like a bright moon in the sky. They knew that the Sword Sect, which once shaken the Eastern Desolation, was back.

When the Profound Sky Array broke, the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples were terrified while gathering around Zhang Yuan and Liu Xu.

“Senior Brother Liu, w-what should we do now?” The Profound Sky Sect’s disciples trembled as they looked at Liu Xu, their only support.

But Liu Xu’s lips were pale, and his face was ugly. This was because he couldn’t come up with a solution at all.

Just when everyone was waiting for Liu Xu to decide, he noticed that Lin Yun had dug out the Golden Dragon Bone from Qin Tian. This instantly changed Liu Xu’s face, and he quickly led everyone over. He roared, “Lin Yun, what are you doing?!”

“Why are you asking the obvious?” Lin Yun indifferently replied.

“How dare you!” Liu Xu roared. “Hand over the dragon bone! It’s already a deadly crime for you to kill our chief disciple, but you dare to dig out the dragon bone of our sect? Are you trying to start a war between the two sects?!”

“Hahaha!” Lin Yun laughed with mockery when he heard that. As a cold light flashed within his pupils, he said, “Your Profound Sky Sect annihilated our Golden Generation two decades ago. Since Qin Tian wanted to kill me, why can’t I kill him? Do you want the dragon bone back? Hahaha! Today, all of you will have to die here!”

Lin Yun’s words were like a chilling wind that made all of the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples feel a chill run down their spines.

As for everyone else who heard what he said, they were shocked and looked at Lin Yun. This was because Lin Yun was too arrogant. Not only did he kill Qin Tian, he even wanted to slaughter everyone else from the Profound Sky Sect?

“Hahaha! Lin Yun, are you insane?” Liu Xu laughed when he heard that.

“Ever since you captured my Sword Sect’s disciples and humiliated them, your destiny was already determined.” Lin Yun said coldly. He didn’t forget about the Sword Sect’s blood feud from two decades ago, nor did he forget how the Sword Sect’s disciples were humiliated earlier.

When he was done speaking, he charged at the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples, alone. This instantly left the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples dumbfounded. When Lin Yun’s Heavenly Dome Sword Intent descended, it felt like heaven had come crashing down on them.

None of the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples could withstand a single sword from him. At his moment, they finally realized that it wasn’t because Qin Tian was too weak, but because Lin Yun was too strong. As sword rays bloomed, the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples couldn’t even create a formation.

At this moment, Lin Yun was like an immortal descending from the sky, suppressing everyone from the Profound Sky Sect, including Liu Xu. This left the other powerful sects’ chief disciples and holy lands’ disciples dumbfounded. This was a one-sided massacre.

As sword rays flashed, screams echoed from the Profound Sky Sect’s party, with one life after another being reaped. This made Liu Xu and Zhang Yuan’s faces change as they tried their best to stop Lin Yun. But Lin Yun didn’t face them head-on and continued to butcher the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples.

“Damn it!” Their faces were ugly as they watched the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples scream. It didn’t take long for all the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples to be slaughtered, with only Zhang Yuan and Liu Xu still remaining on their feet.

“You madman!” Liu Xu’s eyes turned red, and he charged towards Lin Yun.

“A blood feud has to be paid with blood!” Lin Yun waved his sword and sent Liu Xu flying back, easily giving him a heavy injury. Before Liu Xu could get back up, Lin Yun waved his hand, and the Golden Dragon Divine Flag pierced through Liu Xu’s chest before pinning him to the altar.

When he was done, Lin Yun turned to look at Zhang Yuan. The latter was trembling in fear, standing amidst a pile of corpses. Even if he came from a holy land, he had never seen someone as ruthless as Lin Yun.

“I’m not a disciple of the Profound Sky Sect.” Zhang Yuan said quickly.

But Lin Yun didn’t say anything and continued to walk towards Zhang Yuan. When he took the third step out, Lin Yun’s speed increased, and he appeared before Zhang Yuan, thrusting his Flower Burial Sword.

This made Zhang Yuan squint his eyes as he tried his best to dodge this attack. But he ultimately failed to avoid Lin Yun’s sword. He watched as Lin Yun’s sword pierced into his chest. This instantly covered his eyes in bloodshot, and he roared, “You madman! I’m an inner disciple of the Ming Cult. You already crippled my junior brother, Huang Xuanyi, and yet you still want to kill me? The Ming Cult won’t let you off if you dare to kill me!”

“Didn’t Yan Kong come after my head because of your order? Yet, you’re still trying to feign innocence here? I can’t see the grace of a holy land on you. Rather, you’re really shameless. So what if I kill you?” Lin Yun said and withdrew the Flower Burial Sword from Zhang Yuan.

As blood splashed, Zhang Yuan screamed out in pain. Before Lin Yun swung his sword, Zhang Yuan fell onto his knees and panicked, “Don’t kill me! The Wind God Order is on you, right? I know a secret regarding it!”

Lin Yun was surprised and instantly knew that Zhang Yuan had come for the Wind God Order.

Seeing Lin Yun’s response, Zhang Yuan rejoiced, “Let me go! I can share that secret with you and recommend you to join the Ming Cult. If you join the Ming Cult, Tian Xuanzi won’t be able to do any…”

But before he could finish speaking, Lin Yun swung his sword and severed his head. Even in death, Zhang Yuan was shocked and couldn’t figure out why Lin Yun killed him. With that, the Profound Sky Sect’s party had all died in the Ancient Barren Battlefield.

When everyone’s gazes fell on Lin Yun, they couldn’t help feeling a chill running down their spines when they saw him dyed in blood. Qin Tian was insane enough, but he was pale in comparison to Lin Yun. In the end, the Profound Sky Saint Sovereign still couldn’t be invincible in the Ancient Barren Domain.

With one sword, Lin Yun carried the Sword Sect, allowing the Sword Sect to become the ultimate winner in the Ancient Barren Battlefield.

“I’m afraid that the Profound Sky Sect won’t let this matter rest…” Lin Wan sighed. Even Luo Shuyi sighed as she tried her best to maintain her composure. But in reality, she was greatly shocked in her heart.

She wasn’t the only one. The faces of the other powerful sects’ chief disciples had become pale.

Nodding her head, Luo Shuyi replied, “There might be no rules in the Ancient Barren Battlefield, but we still maintain a rapport. Two decades ago, the Profound Sky Sect slaughtered the Sword Sect’s Golden Generation and forced Jian Jingtian to be trapped in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect. But today, Lin Yun has avenged the Sword Sect.”

“I’m afraid that the Profound Sky Sect won’t let this matter rest so easily. The Radiant Sword Saint is undergoing his tribulation, and what Lin Yun did is akin to a slap on Tian Xuanzi’s face. There’s no way Tian Xuanzi can take this lying down.” Lin Wan said.

Everyone else felt the same. They all knew that Tian Xuanzi wouldn’t let this matter rest so easily. But when they looked at the Sword Sect’s disciples, none of them had fear on their faces. They were gathered on the altar and activated the array that was on it.

“Do you think he regrets it?” Lin Wan asked.

“He won’t.” Luo Shuyi replied firmly.

Shaking his head, Lin Wan sighed, “This is a dead-end, instantly flipping the table. If that person knows about this, she’ll probably heartbroken…”

Luo Shuyi’s heart trembled, and her pupils flashed with concern. Once the Ancient Barren Battlefield ends, there would definitely be a more significant storm outside, and no one could imagine how terrifying it would become. This was because they all knew that the Profound Sky Sect definitely wouldn’t let this matter rest.