Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1651 - Acrimonious Fall Out

“There’s a reaction!” An exclamation came from everyone waiting outside the Ancient Barren Battlefield. As ripples spread across the grey fog that enveloped the Ancient Barren Battlefield, all the Samsara Edict Realm powerhouses there could sense the spatial fluctuations. They all knew that the altar was activated.

When the spatial fluctuations spread, it was a sign that the Ancient Barren Battlefield had ended.

“I wonder which sect has activated the altar.”

“Isn’t it obvious? The Profound Sky Sect, of course.”

“Yeah. The Profound Sky Sect has been the ultimate winner in the past Ancient Barren Battlefields, so this time shouldn’t be an exception.”

“The Profound Sky Sect is a little too strong in the past century.” Many people discussed amongst themselves because they didn’t doubt that it must be the Profound Sky Sect that activated the altar.

After the spatial fluctuations gathered in the sky, hundreds of lightning bolts descended. This group of people had fast movement techniques and swiftly appeared before everyone. But everyone was shocked when they saw the unified uniform that these people wore, along with the sword boxes that they carried. This was because they were the disciples of the Sword Sect.

The surroundings suddenly became quiet.

How is that possible? They couldn’t believe that the Sword Sect came out first. They all knew what this meant. The first sect that came out was generally the ultimate winner without any exception. This meant that the Profound Sky Sect lost?

The various sect elders were doubtful and didn’t dare to believe it. Even the Sword Sect’s Chen Lei and Mu Chuan exchanged gazes, but they both became emotional and uneasy. Could it be that the Sword Sect really won? The other Sword Sect elders and deacons also became excited.

“Elder Chen!”

“Calm down. First, we’ll ask them when they come over.” Chen Lei shook his head. He knew that everyone from the Sword Sect had been holding it in, especially after their loss two decades ago. Every time they thought about it, their hearts would ache because they had lost an entire batch of their Golden Generation.

“Where’s Qin Tian?” Over in the Profound Sky Sect’s direction, Zhuge Qingyun furrowed his brows. Even the other six elders were baffled.

This time, the Profound Sky Sect sent seven elders over. They roughly had the same position as the Sword Sect’s peak masters. Zhuge Qingyun was the second elder and was also a disciple of Tian Xuanzi. Thus, he had a high rank amongst the elders.

The six elders were at least at the profound life stage of the Samsara Edict Realm. Zhuge Qingyun was at the pinnacle nirvana stage or even quasi-Saint. Thus, the Profound Sky Sect had a strong formation.

The surroundings fell into silence. None of the Profound Sky Sect’s elders dared to say a word, but everyone’s gazes were focused on the azure-robed youth standing in the Sword Sect’s party. This was because that youth was covered in blood, looking unfathomable.

When Lin Yun sensed the surrounding gazes, he took a deep breath and headed to where the Sword Sect’s elders were located.

“How’re the casualties?” Chen Lei immediately asked upon seeing the approaching Sword Sect party.

Mu Xueqin, Gu Ruochen, Ye Qingxuan, Ye Ziling, and all the Sword Sect’s disciples turned to look at Lin Yun. Lin Yun had won their hearts with his strength. He might not be a chief disciple, but his position within everyone’s hearts had far exceeded Gu Ruochen’s. If they had to describe Lin Yun, it would be invincible.

“Why are you guys looking at me?” Lin Yun smiled, rubbing his nose.

“The casualties were tolerable. We suffered the least casualties this time than in the past.” Mu Xueqin smiled. It was unavoidable for there to be casualties in the Ancient Barren Battlefield, but it was acceptable as long as it was within a certain range.

“What’s the outcome, then?” An elder quickly asked.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This time, all of the Sword Sect disciples became quiet and looked at Lin Yun, waiting for him to speak. Lin Yun looked at the various peak masters before turning to his senior brother, Mu Chuan, and said, “I did not let the Sword Sect down. I have taken revenge for what happened two decades ago, slaying every single disciple of the Profound Sky Sect, without exception.”

Hearing what Lin Yun said, Chen Lei and Mu Chuan were shocked. Everyone from the Sword Sect party took in a cold breath, and their gazes changed when they looked at Lin Yun again. After all, not even the Radiant Sword Saint would dare to think that all of the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples were slain.

“Hahaha! Good! Well done!”

“We’ve finally taken revenge for what happened two decades ago!”

“How long has it been?! Well done, Lin Yun! You can rest assured. You’ve done a great job!” Everyone was briefly shocked, before they started laughing. As for Chen Lei, he was briefly surprised before he quickly sent the news back to Mu Xuankong in the Sword Sect.

“The Profound Sky Sect won’t let this matter rest so easily.” Mu Chuan said.

“So what?” The Indigo Firmament Peak’s peak master roared. “I didn’t want to endure it two decades ago. Since they dared to do it two decades ago, they shouldn’t be afraid of reaping what they sowed!”

As lightning bolts streaked across the horizon, the various sects’ disciples left the Ancient Barren Battlefield. It didn’t take long for the news of Lin Yun killing Qin Tian and annihilating the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples to spread like wildfire, leaving everyone shocked.

“The Profound Sky Sect was fully annihilated by Lin Yun alone?”

“Not a single one is left? Isn’t this a little too ruthless?”

“Lin Yun has grasped the Heavenly Dome Sword Intent?”

“The Ming Cult’s Zhang Yuan was also killed?” Several shocking news set shockwaves in everyone’s hearts, scaring them.

Right then, a terrifying aura swept out with waves of killing intent as ten-odd figures soared to the sky.

“Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple, how dare you! A pitiful existence like you dared to kill all the disciples of my Profound Sky Sect? Come and accept your death!” The Profound Sky Sect’s seventh elder appeared, leading all the deacons. His face was dark, with his anger pent up.

After all, Lin Yun slaughtered all of the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples alone, so there was naturally no way that they could take this lying down. But the Sword Sect’s party already expected this scene. Mu Lei, Mu Chuan, and the other peak masters took a step forth, standing before the Sword Sect’s disciples.

Seeing this scene, everyone in the surroundings didn’t dare to take a breath. They knew that the two sects were about to clash. The Samsara Edict Realm experts from both sides had pushed their auras to the limits, causing the surrounding atmosphere's spiritual energy to boil and create various phenomena.

The surrounding atmosphere was significantly suppressed as bolts of lightning streaked across the horizon. Before they even fought, the aura that they were giving off was terrifying.

“These guys can’t accept that they lost…” Ye Ziling said softly. Her gaze was cold, and she tightened her grip on her White Dragon Saint Sword.

She knew how terrible the Sword Sect suffered two decades ago. Most importantly, her father was tricked, thus allowing the Sword Sect’s disciples to be trapped and slaughtered. But this time, Lin Yun slew all of the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples with his sword head-on. There was no way the two could be compared to each other, nor had Lin Yun done anything wrong.

The Profound Sky Sect were clearly the ones who couldn’t accept their loss. But Lin Yun’s face was calm. He had already predicted this scene. He didn’t expect that they didn’t bother concealing themselves at all before so many forces.

“Chen Lei, get lost! Hand Lin Yun over if you don’t want the Sword Sect to be annihilated!” The Profound Sky Sect’s Grand Elder said coldly. His words were arrogant to even claim the annihilation of the Sword Sect, which made everyone who heard that furrow their brows. No matter what, the Profound Sky Sect was a recently risen force, while the Sword Sect was an old-time overlord in the Ancient Barren Domain.

Regarding foundation, the Sword Sect was once ranked first in the Eastern Desolation as a holy land, and Profound Sky Sect was no different from a person who had suddenly won a lottery. But their arrogance was absolutely disgusting.

If Tian Xuanzi didn’t appear and the Radiant Sword Saint was old, the Profound Sky Sect wouldn’t even dare to let out a fart before the Sword Sect’s party. Everyone else in the surroundings merely furrowed their brows, but the Sword Sect naturally wouldn’t do as the Profound Sky Sect demanded.

“Get lost!” Chen Lei roared.

“Annihilate my Sword Sect? Your Profound Sky Sect can come if you have the guts! My Sword Sect will fight you guys to the end!” Mu Chuan coldly said.

Mu Chuan swept his gaze over and coldly said, “There are no rules in the Ancient Barren Battlefield, so no one will pursue what happens inside. If you get lost now, I can pretend this didn’t happen!”

“Ha!” The Profound Sky Sect’s Grand Elder squinted his eyes and continued, “People determine the rules. He killed all the disciples of my Profound Sky Sect, so he naturally has to pay with his life. At the very least, he has to be imprisoned in my Profound Sky Sect for a century! Today, you guys have no choice but to oblige, regardless if you guys want to or not!”

When they heard the outcome, it was clear that the Profound Sky Sect’s elders had swiftly decided to kill Lin Yun. Even if they couldn’t kill Lin Yun, they had to imprison him in the Profound Sky Sect for eternity. After all, Lin Yun grew too swiftly, and they feared that the Profound Sky Sect would be destroyed if Lin Yun wasn’t dead. No matter what, they were determined to keep Lin Yun behind.

“You dare?!” Chen Lei squinted his eyes with flames of rage blazing within his pupils.

“Hahaha!” The Profound Sky Sect’s Grand Elder laughed. “Why don’t we dare? Does your Sword Sect dare to flip the table with our Profound Sky Sect?”

“Little bastard, come out!” While Chen Lei and the Profound Sky Sect’s Grand Elder were in their confrontation, the Profound Sky Sect’s sixth elder, who was at the pinnacle of the profound life stage, dashed towards Lin Yun with his palm reaching out at the latter.

This changed the faces of everyone from the Sword Sect, and the Profound Sky Sect’s Grand Elder laughed when he saw this scene. He was purposely attracting everyone’s attention earlier.

But in reality, no one had expected that a powerhouse at the Samsara Edict Realm would be so shameless to make a move against a junior at the Dragon Pulse Realm. The difference in their cultivations was too significant. Lin Yun’s body was being swept over beyond his control, seeming as though he was being grabbed by the Profound Sky Sect’s sixth elder.

“Senior Brother Lin!” Everyone from the Sword Sect exclaimed, with their eyes becoming red.