Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1655 – Arrival of Three Saints

“Tian Xuanzi!” Everyone exclaimed when they raised their heads. The one who came was Tian Xuanzi, the strongest genius in the Eastern Desolation for the past millennium, relying on his own strength to support the entire Profound Sky Sect, bringing the declined Profound Sky Sect to the current overlord position in the Ancient Barren Domain.

He was also known to be the only person capable of facing the Radiant Sword Saint, possessing an unfathomable strength.

“Profound Sky Saint Sovereign, invincible in the Ancient Barren!” The Profound Sky Sect’s elders, who were saved, immediately chanted as they went down on their knees and cupped their hands together.

Meanwhile, Lin Yun threw out a mouthful of blood as he fell onto his knees with the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella supporting him from falling, but his face was terrifyingly pale. He had forcibly activated the second restriction earlier, exhausting most of his vitality. But the dragon souls were grabbed by Tian Xuanzi, thus making him throw out three mouthfuls of blood from the backlash.

“Tian Xuanzi!” Lin Yun gritted his teeth. This was his second time seeing this person. The first time they met, Tian Xuanzi wanted to kill him to probe the Radiant Sword Saint. This time, Tian Xuanzi instantly resolved his attack, placing him in a desperate situation.

Lin Yun wondered if Tian Xuanzi was here to kill him again. But he didn’t think much and swallowed a Profound Wither Pellet and began to circulate the Blue Dragon Bone.

While everyone was shocked by Tian Xuanzi’s arrival, seven streaks of light broke through the thirty-sixth layers of heaven and swiftly arrived behind Tian Xuanzi. The seven of them were emitting powerful auras, and were enveloped in a light that made it hard for others to see their appearances. No matter how everyone tried to look at their appearances, they could only see a layer of light enveloping them.

This instantly made everyone’s faces change with massive bellows in their hearts. They immediately knew those seven were all Saint Lords, greatly shocking them. Saint Lords were hardly seen in the Kunlun Realm, and those at the Samsara Edict Realm were already considered at the top of the pyramid, regardless of whether it’s at the Ancient Barren Domain or Eastern Desolation.

But today, seven Saint Lords appeared. In addition to Tian Xuanzi, there were a total of eight saints! Even if the other powerful sects revealed all their trump cards, they might not be able to mobilize so many Saint Lords, and this scene made their scalps numb, wondering what Tian Xuanzi was trying to do. Did Tian Xuanzi do all this just for Lin Yun?

“Return!” Tian Xuanzi was donned a white robe, with his left hand carrying a white cat and his right hand grabbing onto the nine dragon souls. With a smile, a starry sky appeared above him, and he pushed his palm forth, sending the nine dragon souls toward Chen Lie and the others.

In the path of the dragon souls, space began to shatter, and Tian Xuanzi’s attack reached a terrifying height.

“This is bad!” Lin Yun’s face changed. He knew how powerful those dragon souls were. Even if they weren’t as powerful as when Jiang Ling summoned them, there would be casualties if they clashed with the Sword Sect’s elders.

“Come back!” Lin Yun stood up and activated the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella, wanting to summon the dragon souls back.

“I’ve already told you that someone as young as you shouldn’t play with a Sovereign Saint Artifact!” Tian Xuanzi smiled and turned to Lin Yun.

This instantly made Lin Yun’s face change because he could feel an immense force trying to seize the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella from him. But he didn’t panic. He calmly circulated the Azure Dragon Saint Art. When the ancient power awakened within the umbrella, it broke apart Tian Xuanzi’s attempt, and the nine dragon souls returned to the umbrella.

“Mhm?” Tian Xuanzi was briefly surprised before he smiled, “This is interesting.”

As for Chen Lei and others who escaped death, they all let out a breath of relief before their faces became grave upon seeing the Profound Sky Sect’s formation.

“Brat, come with me!” Tian Xuanzi didn’t even bat an eye at Chen Lei and the others. He simply raised his hand and reached out towards Lin Yun. Chen Lei and others were sent flying away in the path of his palm like mere ants before saints.

No matter how reluctant they were, they couldn’t put up any resistance against Tian Xuanzi, and they could only watch Lin Yun being gradually pushed to a dead-end by that gigantic palm.

Looking at Tian Xuanzi, Lin Yun had a grave expression and wondered if he should summon the Firmament Saint Cloth. But a sword ray suddenly descended with a roar echoing within the surroundings, “Tian Xuanzi, you still think that the Sword Sect is the same Sword Sect as two decades ago?!”

A golden sun appeared, and that sword ray stabbed into that gigantic palm. As cracks began to spread out on that enormous palm, it didn’t take long for that palm to crumble. When the golden sun dissipated, a figure appeared before everyone. This person was the Sect Master of the Sword Sect, Mu Xuankong.

Previously, when Mu Xuankong left the Sword Sect, he slew the recent patriarch of the Nether Divinity Clan, and every one long acknowledged his strength. Since he was in the Saint Sovereign Realm, he was qualified to fight Tian Xuanzi.

Right then, a few more figures appeared, the six Saint Lords of the Sword Sect. Aside from the Radiant Sword Saint, all the Saints in the Sword Sect had arrived.

“Sect Master!” Lin Yun quickly got up, seeing Mu Xuankong, who stood before him.

But Mu Xuankong pressed him back down and smiled, “Treat your injuries first. No one will be able to take you away today. I said that I’ll protect you as long as the Sword Sect exists!”

“You want to stop me?” Tian Xuanzi smiled, looking at Mu Xuankong. He was clearly smiling, but his smile made others feel a chill running down their spines.

“Tian Xuanzi, where did you get the face to take away the saint disciple of my Sword Sect? If you want a war, I’ll give you a war!” Mu Xuankong looked at Tian Xuanzi, suppressing his rage.

Tian Xuanzi was really shameless. Two decades ago, he wanted to take Jian Jingtian away and even put on an act that purposely allowed Jian Jingtian to kill over a thousand people from the Profound Sky Sect. But Lin Yun did nothing wrong today.

“There’s no need to get all worked up. The Divine Dragon Empire publicly forbids anyone from refining a dragon bone, so I’m just trying to take him away to investigate.” Tian Xuanzi replied.

His words left everyone from the Sword Sect stunned. They never expected that Tian Xuanzi would use this as a reason. Then again, there was such a law in the Divine Dragon Empire, and the Ancient Barren Domain was under the Divine Dragon Empire’s jurisdiction. But in reality, Yu Qingfeng was the one who conquered the Ancient Barren Domain back then, and that law had no effect here.

“I’ve never placed the grudges in the Ancient Barren Battlefield in my eyes. But I must take Lin Yun back to the Divine Dragon Empire due to his Blue Dragon Bone.” Tian Xuanzi continued.

“That fellow is too shameless!”

“That sissy is really disgusting!”

“How can someone be so shameless?” Before Mu Xuankong could say a word, Chen Lei and others began cussing, and they didn’t bother lowering their voices. Tian Xuanzi was clearly here for Lin Yun, but he gave such a false reason. In the end, they underestimated Tian Xuanzi’s shamelessness.

Even the corner of Mu Xuankong’s lips twitched because he was shocked by how shameless Tian Xuanzi could be.

“The Divine Dragon Bones have always been under the control of the Profound Imperial Palace, and Blue Dragon Bones are even rarer. I’m suspicious of the origin of the Divine Dragon Bone that Lin Yun has refined.” Tian Xuanzi said while caressing the white cat in his embrace.

“You’re implying that my junior brother stole the dragon bone from the Profound Imperial Palace?” Mu Chuan said coldly, with his face dark.

Mu Xuankong’s face changed because Mu Chuan was a little stupid. He would have already fallen for Tian Xuanzi’s trap if he had replied that way and successfully changed the topic to Lin Yun’s Divine Dragon Bone.

Tian Xuanzi smiled, but his smile made the breath of many people briefly pause because Tian Xuanzi was indeed too beautiful for a man. He smiled, “I didn’t say it that way. The Profound Imperial Palace might control all the Divine Dragon Bones in the Kunlun Realm, but there are many ruins in the world that even the Profound Imperial Palace might miss. Who knows if Lin Yun was lucky enough to find such a ruin? This is why he has to come with me. If it’s confirmed that such a ruin exists, not only is he clear of any suspicions, but it’ll be a huge contribution. Why are you guys so nervous? Don’t tell me that…”

With a gentle smile, Tian Xuanzi continued, “You guys are guilty?”

Mu Chuan’s face was dark, but he couldn’t say anything because things would only become even messier the more they argued about that.

When Lin Yun opened his eyes, he had completely refined the Profound Wither Pellet and recovered from most of his injuries. But his face was cold from what Tian Xuanzi said. He never expected that a Saint could be so shameless.

But just when he was about to speak, Mu Xuankong replied, “The Blue Dragon Bone was given to him by his master. If you want to investigate, you can come with me to the Sword Sect and meet Martial Uncle Radiant.”

Lin Yun knew it was a checkmate from Mu Xuankong’s side because he didn’t think Tian Xuanzi had the guts to head to the Sword Sect by himself. Even if he went there, the focus would be shifted from him to the Radiant Sword Saint, and it would have nothing to do with him. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Mu Xuankong might seem a little old-fashioned, but he was using Tian Xuanzi’s scheme to break his own scheme.

“Mu Xuankong, do you really think that I don’t dare to go to the Sword Sect?” Tian Xuanzi coldly said.

“Come with me, then.” Mu Xuankong said without any fear in his pupils. Behind him, the six Saint Lords from the Sword Sect also coldly looked at Tian Xuanzi. They all knew that Tian Xuanzi was just finding an excuse to cripple Lin Yun, just like how he imprisoned Jian Jingtian two decades ago. But today, they were determined not to let anyone take Lin Yun away.

The Indigo Lightning Saint Lord said, “Tian Xuanzi, we haVe already put up with you once two decades ago, so we won’t take a step back this time. Either you back off, or we’ll fight. You want to take Lin Yun away? Dream on!”

The other Saint Lords were also furious as they looked at Tian Xuanzi.

But Tian Xuanzi wasn’t furious at all, but smiled, “I never expected that I could take him away with just some words. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have brought so many Saint Lords with me.”

When he finished speaking, everyone’s faces changed because Tian Xuanzi was determined to take Lin Yun away, which meant that a battle would be unavoidable. Right then, three saint lights descended from the sky. They were the Heavenly Blade Pavilion’s pavilion master, Heavenly Note Sect’s sect master, and the Profound Valley’s valley master.