Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1656 – Saint Battle

In the Ancient Barren Domain, the sect masters of the eight powerful sects were all Saint Sovereigns, such as the Heavenly Blade Pavilion’s pavilion master, Heavenly Note Sect’s sect master, and the Profound Valley’s valley master.

With that, the number of Saint Sovereigns outside the Ancient Barren Battlefield had reached a total of five, and this scene made everyone’s scalp go numb. No one had expected that Lin Yun would cause such a huge commotion.

When they landed behind Mu Xuankong, everyone instantly knew their position. This made Mu Xuankong gratified as he greeted the three sect masters. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Heavenly Note Sect’s sect master looked at Tian Xuanzi, “Tian Xuanzi, know when to stop. Senior Radiant didn’t make things difficult for you regarding what happened two decades ago. Now, you want to take Lin Yun away when he’s undergoing his tribulation? Are you taking advantage of him?”

The Profound Valley’s valley master also said, “There are no holy lands in the Ancient Barren Domain, putting us in a special position in the Eastern Desolation. If it were not for Senior Radiant, our environment would only worsen. Tian Xuanzi, as a junior, you should respect what Senior Radiant did for the Ancient Barren Domain. Before you rose in strength, Senior Radiant did nothing to you.”

The two were here to persuade because they didn’t want to start a battle among the saints if they could choose. After reaching their height, ordinary opportunities were no longer worthy for them to make a move, and there were no benefits on both sides for them to fight over one Lin Yun.

But Tian Xuanzi didn’t even bother listening to them and smiled, “You two must have misunderstood. I’m not trying to make things difficult for Lin Yun, I only want him to come with me. If it’s all a misunderstanding, Lin Yun will be released, and the Profound Imperial Palace will also reward him, and it will be a huge opportunity for him.”

Hearing what Tian Xuanzi said, the Profound Valley’s valley master and Heavenly Note Sect’s sect master furrowed their brows.

“I already told you guys that this person is disgusting. Senior Radiant should’ve killed him back then with a slap.” The Heavenly Blade Pavilion’s pavilion master, Chen Yu, said coldly.

But Tian Xuanzi wasn’t offended when he heard that and smiled, “I have to take him with me today, no matter what. You can stand by the side if you are here to watch.”

“Tian Xuanzi, are you done?!” Chen Yu started cursing. “If you take Lin Yun with you today, will you bring a genius from my Heavenly Blade Pavilion when we have a heaven-defying genius someday? Just because a bunch of fools say you’re invincible, did you really think you’re invincible? No one is allowed to take Lin Yun away today!”

The Heavenly Note Sect’s sect master and the Profound Valley’s valley master didn’t say a word as they turned to look at Tian Xuanzi. They had already made their choice with their actions.

“You guys are considered Seniors. So I’ll have to seek guidance from you Seniors today.” Tian Xuanzi put down the white cat in his embrace before squinting his eyes to look at the four.

At this moment, everyone wondered if Tian Xuanzi was insane to challenge four Saint Sovereigns alone. Did he have to go this far for Lin Yun? Just how afraid was he to see Lin Yun rise?

Everyone could feel their scalps going numb, and they couldn’t describe the shock in their hearts. They initially thought this was between the two sects, but they didn’t think five would be involved. More than half of the powerful sects in the Ancient Barren Domain were involved, not to mention that Tian Xuanzi even wanted to challenge four Saint Sovereigns!

“Let’s go!” Tian Xuanzi was a determined person after he made up his mind. Since he was here for Lin Yun, no one could stop him today!

When he finished speaking, the six Saint Lords behind him pounced at the six Saint Lords of the Sword Sect, and it didn’t take long for the sky to shatter as ten-odd Saint Sovereigns appeared in the sky, all containing different daos intertwining in the sky.

“Leave quickly!”

“A Saint Battle has started!” Everyone could feel their scalps going numb. They had already retreated to a thousand miles away when the previous battle occurred, but they still underestimated the Profound Sky Sect’s determination to take Lin Yun away. After all, they didn’t bother holding back when they unleashed their attacks.

Twelve Saint Lords clashed in the blink of an eye as a grand battle unfolded. Even from ten thousand miles away, everyone could feel the terrifying fluctuations from their attacks, with the sky shattering and terrifying lightning streaking across the horizon.

As for the last remaining Saint Lord, he took this opportunity and bolted towards Lin Yun. Seeing this, Chen Lei's and the others' faces changed before they quickly rushed towards Lin Yun, “Not good!”

“Get lost!” The Profound Sky Sect’s Saint Lord shone brightly. Shrouded in holy light, his saint dao fluctuated, sending Chen Lei and the others who tried to bolt towards him flying away. When they flew out, they smashed apart countless mountains.

As for Lin Yun, he quickly got up and took three steps back, each step crossing ten miles of distance. But he could no longer move after that because the gaze of the Profound Sky Sect’s Saint Lord fell onto him.

That fear was indescribable, and he could sense the dragon origin within his body freezing up with just a single glance. Unlike the pressure from Samsara Edict Realm experts, the Saints were stronger. The Samsara Edict Realm experts simply relied on their cultivation to instill pressure, but Saints were more profound than that, despite looking the same.

As fear enveloped Lin Yun’s heart, he knew he would die if the Saint Lord wanted to kill him. He was still alive because the Saint Lord had his reservation, or he didn’t want to kill him for now.

Realizing that he couldn’t escape, Lin Yun took a breath and knew he had no choice but to bring out the Firmament Saint Cloth today. Then again, it was better for the Firmament Saint Cloth to be activated through external means than for him to activate it himself.

There were two ways to summon the Firmament Saint Cloth. He would have to pay a great price if he summoned it of his own will. The other method was that the Firmament Saint Cloth would activate itself when his life was threatened by someone way stronger than him in terms of cultivation.

When Lin Yun raised his head, he realized that he couldn’t move and could barely move his eyes. But he was calm, without any fear written on his face. His big brother, Jiang Ling, told him that the Firmament Saint Cloth was meant to protect him against those old monsters and would bring great disaster upon being used. So he shouldn’t use it unless necessary.

Ever since he obtained the Firmament Saint Cloth, the most dangerous moment was when his Azure Dragon True Bone was dug, but he didn’t intend to use it back then. This was because he was prideful in his heart. But if a Saint Lord was bullying him, he believed Big Brother Jiang Ling wouldn’t blame him.

Thus, Lin Yun was calm as he coldly looked at the Saint Lord approaching him. Mu Xuankong, who was fighting Tian Xuanzi, noticed this and said, “Help me hold him off for a moment. I’ll take Lin Yun back to the sect.”

If Lin Yun returned to the Sword Sect, Tian Xuanzi would have no opportunities to take Lin Yun away again.

“Haha. No can do.” Tian Xuanzi smiled, and the indigo flower on his shoulder started blazing as five ancient words flew out from his body: Gold, Wood, Water, Fire, and Earth. Each word was an ancient glory spirit and contained a different intent. They were also the Heavenly Gold, Heavenly Wood, Heavenly Water, Heavenly Fire, and Heavenly Earth that manifested into five glory spirits.

Simultaneously, glory spirits also appeared within Tian Xuanzi’s pupils, the moon on the right and the sun on the left. As the sun and moon revolved within his pupils and the five glory spirits circulated within his body, the surroundings fell into darkness.

Mu Xuankong’s face changed because he discovered that his sword intent couldn’t affect the surrounding phenomenon. The faces of the three sects’ sect masters also changed as they looked at Tian Xuanzi with shock.

The Heavenly Blade Pavilion’s Chen Yu and Mu Xuankong both made a move, decisively drawing their weapons and swinging them at Tian Xuanzi. Simultaneously, the Heavenly Note Sect’s sect master raised a bamboo flute to her lips, playing saint music that sent an invisible soundwave, attacking Tian Xuanzi’s soul.

The Profound Valley’s valley master was an old man that took out a saint brush and started brandishing it with a grave expression. When he brandished his brush, countless saint runes turned into ink that flew towards Tian Xuanzi. As the ink intertwined, they formed ancient paintings that contained a terrifying threat. When the ink flew out, it caused a series of explosions and made the surrounding space tremble.

But it only caused a faint fluctuation in the surroundings before the darkness calmed down. Tian Xuanzi merely took a step back before pushing his palm forth. There were darkness and stars behind him that had manifested into a palm that flew out.

His palm instantly knocked the sword and blade away before he started moving his right hand and landed on the paintings constructed with saint runes.

Tian Xuanzi clasped his hands together and the paintings dissipated away. The surrounding darkness started to envelop Mu Xuankong and the three Saint Sovereigns, forcing them to involuntarily gather together.

“The Great Profound Heaven!” Mu Xuankong and the three Saint Sovereigns were briefly stunned before they looked at Tian Xuanzi with shock. After all, this was the eighteenth stage of the Profound Sky Canon, the Great Profound Heaven. Above it would be the nineteenth stage, the Tribulation Heaven. Thus, everyone’s faces became especially grave.

Mu Xuankong’s gaze was anxious because he knew he wouldn’t be able to take Lin Yun away any time soon.

“How’s my domain compared to your sword domain?” Tian Xuanzi asked, looking at Mu Xuankong.

But Mu Xuankong didn’t bother with him and circulated the Scarlet Firmament Sword Sutra to the limit, causing his sword aura to manifest into a dazzling sun that blazed with golden flames. Once again, he joined forces with Chen Yu and charged at Tian Xuanzi.

He knew that if anything happened to Lin Yun today, he would make the Profound Sky Sect pay the price, even if he had to give up his life.

“Brat, come with me!” In the outside world, the Saint Lord reached his hand out towards Lin Yun and no one could stop him. But all of a sudden, a golden streak flew over, and Lin Yun realized that he could move his fingers again.

“Old goat, did you ask this Supreme Heavenly Slaughter Empress here if you can touch him?!” A cold voice echoed throughout the battlefield.