Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1658 – Yu Qingfeng (1)

The outside of the Ancient Barren Battlefield had fallen into complete chaos. There were twelve Saint Lords and five Saint Sovereigns fighting in the sky. Lil’ Purple was facing the black-robed Saint Lord on the ground while the Ancient Dracoape was fighting with the Ancient Nine-Tailed Fox.

They were both ancient species, regardless of the Ancient Dracoape or the Ancient Nine-Tailed Fox. Lin Yun’s black cat and Tian Xuanzi’s white cat inherited their bloodlines but weren’t ancient beasts. But as their cultivation increased, their bloodlines would be excavated, and they would turn into those ancient beasts in due time.

This entire battle was unimaginable. No words could describe it. After all, a slight shockwave from the battle would make everyone suffer fatal injuries or die without knowing how they died.

But even if everyone retreated ten thousand miles away, they still weren’t willing to leave because they wanted to know the outcome of this battle.

Simultaneously, Lin Yun’s name became a legend in their hearts. If Lin Yun had enough time to grow, he would definitely become an overlord in the Ancient Barren Domain or even the Eastern Desolation. He would grow into a genius capable of facing those monstrous geniuses of the Divine Dragon Era. The Sword Sect and the entire Ancient Barren Domain would benefit if he grows.

Two decades ago, when Jian Jingtian was still around, the Ancient Barren Domain was bustling, and geniuses would visit him from time to time. It was so much so that the various holy sons of the Divine Dragon Empire would come because of him. After all, Jian Jingtian was first on the Empyrean, Elysium Core, and Dragon Pulse Rankings, shocking the entire Eastern Desolation.

If Jian Jingtian had more time, the other forces’ geniuses in the Ancient Barren Domain would definitely have some harvests. But it was different now because the entire Ancient Barren Domain became desolate after Jian Jingtian was trapped in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect. Now, everyone would only hear about geniuses from the Ancient Barren Domain who went out to other regions to train themselves, and geniuses rarely came to the Ancient Barren Domain. Only those who had experienced it would realize how desolate the Ancient Barren Domain had become after Jian Jingtian was trapped in the Fleeting Cloud Sword Sect.

No one knew if Lin Yun could surpass Jian Jingtian, but it was definite that Lin Yun was at least a genius on the same level as Jian Jingtian, and everyone could see hope in him. They could see a holy land rising on Lin Yun. If Lin Yun died, it would be a pity, even to some opponents.

Aside from that, there was another reason why everyone stayed behind. After all, a battle of this scale was too rare. Saint daos could be seen everywhere in the sky, and some people could gain insight by trying to comprehend them.

Furthermore, there were Saint Sovereigns fighting, and it would probably be a rare scene to witness once in a century. So how could many experts trapped at the profound life stage for so long miss this great opportunity?

As the battle grew even more intense, Lin Yun took the opportunity to recover from his injuries since Lil’ Purple and Lil’ Red arrived, and the situation fell into a brief stalemate.

Tian Xuanzi, facing four opponents, took an opportunity to observe. But his gaze was on the Nine-Tailed Fox. It was as though he was more concerned with his cat rather than Lin Yun, and he seemed to have created this stalemate situation on purpose.

At the same time, at the Sword Sect’s Saint Mountain, this mountain was the foundation of the entire Sword Sect, and this was why the Radiant Sword Saint’s abode was here.

The Radiant Sword Saint was standing beside the lake now, and the lake was like a mirror with the scenes outside the Ancient Barren Battlefield reflected on the lake's surface. At this moment, the Radiant Sword Saint realized that he had become old. He had been invincible in the Ancient Barren Domain for a long time, but he still lost to time in the end. He knew that it was tough for him to reach Emperor Realm.

Since ancient times, many heaven-defying geniuses were stopped at this step and lost their lives. If the Radiant Sword Saint couldn’t make a breakthrough into the Emperor Realm, even someone as powerful as him would ultimately die.

An old man appeared behind him, but the Radiant Sword Saint didn’t have to turn back to know who had come. To appear in his abode without permission would only be his junior brother, Dustlight.

“I’m afraid Mu Xuankong won’t be enough to face Tian Xuanzi,” Dustlight said.

“He’s waiting for me.” The Radiant Sword Saint nodded.

“Where did he get his confidence from?” Dustlight was baffled before he sighed, “You really should’ve slain him back then. That person has a firm and meticulous heart, and he only has one objective, to destroy the Sword Sect. To destroy the Sword Sect, he could pay any price, even if he has to bear the name of being shameless.”

When an absolute expert decides to be shameless, he would become even more terrifying than a powerhouse of the demonic cult.

Hearing what Dustlight said, the Radiant Sword Saint fell into a brief silence. Right then, Dustlight continued, “You can’t leave. You don’t have much lifespan left, and you’re only alive because of the saint vein beneath Saint Mountain. If you leave, the consequences will be dire after an hour.”

But the Radiant Sword Saint maintained his silence upon hearing what Dustlight said. Squinting his eyes, Dustlight coldly continued, “Senior Brother, you’re too benevolent, feeling that the Profound Sky Sect’s existence has a purpose, and this is why we’re in this situation. You shouldn’t have so many reservations. To break this situation, you have to be more ruthless than Tian Xuanzi.

“But you don’t exactly have to go to the Ancient Barren Battlefield, in my opinion. You wield the Sovereign Saint Artifact of the Sword Sect, and you can just head to the Profound Sky Sect, destroying the entire sect within an hour. The Saint Lords and Tian Xuanzi aren’t in the sect, and no one in the Profound Sky Sect can stop you. You can just slaughter every single one of them.

“As for the Ancient Barren Battlefield, I can make the trip there and block whatever schemes are directed at you. So what if we can’t save Lin Yun? The entire Profound Sky Sect will be gone at that time, and they’ll have nothing to compete the Sword Sect with!”

“You can’t leave. If you leave, who will guard the Nether Palace?” The Radiant Sword Saint said.

“Ha. Who cares about that thing beneath the Nether Palace? Does Tian Xuanzi care about that? No one said anything about it while the Sword Sect guarded it for many years. Furthermore, there won’t be such a coincidence for chaos to ensue when I just leave.” Dustlight coldly said.

The Radiant Sword Saint smiled, “Calm down. Back then, none of our other martial brothers were willing to take this responsibility, but you’re the one who took it. You say I’m benevolent, but you’re more benevolent than me.”

“Senior Brother, don’t bear it anymore. Back then, you were invincible in the Ancient Barren Domain with your sword, and you didn’t even place the Ancient Imperial Clan in your eyes. Since when have you suffered such a grievance? Now that you’re trying to make a breakthrough to Emperor Realm, you suddenly become restricted. Why?!” Dustlight questioned. “Now that you’re undergoing your tribulation, your benevolence must be holding you back. You should severe ties with it. The world isn’t fair, and be heartless to become an Emperor. You should have your edge as a sword, not to mention that you’re a Sword Saint!”

Hearing what Dustlight said, the Radiant Sword Saint smiled because his junior brother was still as pure as he was before. Nothing was simple in this world, and you couldn’t just look at things one-sidedly. It would only be even more complicated when it’s the bottleneck to the Emperor Realm. In the end, he shook his head and said, “I’m waiting for someone.”

“Who is it?”

“Sword Emperor, Yu Qingfeng.”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)