Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1661 – Slaying A Saint Lord!

When a huge crack appeared in the sky, starlight shone down, making this entire region look like a dream. When everyone raised their heads, they could see two massive stars staring down like two eyeballs.

Everyone’s scalps went numb when they realized it was really a pair of eyes. After a closer look, they saw that they were the eyes of the Sovereign Constellation, Azure Dragon!

This was a shocking scene that could no longer be described with words. When a massive dragon’s head passed through the crack, the head alone looked as big as a mountain, making everyone feel tiny in comparison.

Even the twelve Saint Lords’ faces changed because they were the first to be affected by the colossal pressure from the dragon’s head. Under that pressure, aside from those Saint Lords who grasped Space Intent, it was hard for the other Saint Lords not to be affected by it.

When the twelve Saint Lords forcibly separated, they realized that there were fine cracks on their Saint Constellations, and this shocked them greatly.

“A Sovereign Constellation!”

“A natural Sovereign Constellation!” Everyone’s faces changed, but they were baffled at the same time. Sovereign Constellations were naturally powerful, and the four natural Sovereign Constellations that existed at the birth of the Divine Dragon Empire were unimaginable. So they were quickly shocked when they recognized the Azure Dragon Sovereign Constellation.

As a spatial fluctuation spread out, Tian Xuanzi, who was fighting with four Saint Sovereigns, finally had a slight change on his face. When he quickly lowered his head, he squinted his eyes, and his mind went blank. “Is he insane?”

Lin Yun’s face was distorted with pain as he hovered in the air. He could feel that every single part of his body was about to collapse. The power after the third restriction was too mighty, and it wasn’t something the current him could bear.

Lin Yun looked like a rising sun at this moment, enveloped in white energy that gushed out from within his body, and the radiance could be comparable to the saint radiance given off by saints.

“No… Still not enough…” Lin Yun gritted his teeth and felt powerless after merely summoning the head of the Azure Dragon Sovereign Constellation.

It wasn’t because the power after lifting three seals on the Profound Wither Key wasn’t enough, but it was because most of the energy was wasted. Thus, it would be impossible for him to summon the entire Sovereign Constellation even if he lifted another seal.

He had already reached the limit that he could control. If he lifted another seal, the immense energy would kill him. Even so, he was like an erupting volcano at this moment. If he exploded, the force of the explosion would be something that even Saint Lords wouldn’t be willing to get close to. When a musical soundwave swept over, it calmed the violent energy within Lin Yun’s body.

“Damn it!” The black-robed Saint Lord’s face changed when he raised his head and noticed that the Azure Dragon Sovereign Constellation’s attention was on him. Under the immense pressure, fine cracks began to appear on his Saint Constellation.

At this moment, the black-robed Saint Lord finally panicked. If his Saint Constellation crumbles, he would no longer be capable of resisting Lil’ Purple’s saint tune.

Most importantly, he still had to use half of his saint origin to resist the flames blazing on his right arm. Thus, he couldn’t bring out his full strength, which was why he felt aggrieved.

“You want to leave? Dream on!” Lil’ Purple’s pupils flashed with a cold light as she used her saint tune to manifest a heavenly dragon and a divine phoenix to hold him down, preventing him from escaping.

“Old dog, time for you to die!” Lin Yun roared and swung his umbrella. After folding up the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella, Lin Yun swung it around and destroyed the saint dao in the surroundings.

“Oh, Azure Dragon!” Lin Yun roared again just when he was about to get close, and nine dragon souls flew out from the umbrella. When the nine dragon souls struck the black-robed Saint Lord, the latter threw out a mouthful of blood.

Passing through the explosion's aftermath, Lin Yun used the umbrella as a sword and thrust it at the black-robed Saint Lord’s forehead.

“You bastard! You’re courting death!” The black-robe Saint Lord was furious because he had never been humiliated this way by a mere fly in the Dragon Pulse Realm before. After shattering the nine dragon souls, he flicked his finger and his saint dao formed into a black vortex that had a terrifying power. Facing the vortex, even an expert at the Nirvana Stage would instantly lose their life.

While the black-robed Saint Lord was distracted, the heavenly dragon and divine phoenix slammed into him, creating a bigger crack in the Saint Constellation behind him.

Facing the incoming saint dao, Lin Yun didn’t dare to take it easy and opened the umbrella. Releasing the first restriction on the umbrella, spatial fluctuations rippled out, and the black vortex was sent flying away.

Since Lin Yun’s current state was like an erupting volcano, he had to unleash all the power within his body quickly, or he would die without anyone being able to do anything. Charging forth, he didn’t hesitate to unleash various attacks at the Saint Lord.

At this moment, it was as though he had been possessed by the Profound Wither Great Saint, unleashing multiple powerful attacks. His handle on his attacks was crude because there wasn't any intent or profundity. This was the pure energy left behind by the Profound Wither Great Saint in the Profound Wither Key.

Facing his attacks, the Saint Lord could only take them head-on, and Lin Yun’s attacks kept forcing him to retreat.

“How is this possible?!” Everyone was shocked that Lin Yun could force a Saint to retreat.

“Old goat, I have done nothing wrong!” The pain was aching from all over his body, and the pain only fueled his anger more.

“So what if you’ve done nothing wrong? I’ll kill you today! You deserve to die because you’re the Radiant Sword Saint’s disciple!” The Saint Lord flew into a rage, facing the multiple attacks coming at him.

“I’ll kill you!” The Saint Lord roared, bearing the attack of the heavenly dragon and divine phoenix. When he threw out a mouthful of blood, his left hand reached out at Lin Yun. Before his hand even reached Lin Yun, an immense power was already rushing over with the weight of a mountain.

As the white glow that Lin Yun emitted exploded, his hair wildly fluttered as he unleashed all the power within his body. As he rose to the sky, he raised the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella and roared, “OH, AZURE DRAGON, AID ME IN SLAYING A SAINT!”

This time, the Azure Dragon Sovereign Constellation stretched its head out of the crack, and Lin Yun could immediately sense a more powerful power contained within the umbrella. A powerful thunderstorm energy swept out from his body after the white glow was ripped apart, covering him in flickering lightning.

As the radiance being emitted from the umbrella became dazzling, countless saint runes were activated on the umbrella. Wielding the umbrella in his hand, he swung it at the gigantic hand, easily destroying it before charging through it.

“H-How is this possible?!” The Saint Lord exclaimed in fear.

“OH, AZURE DRAGON, AID ME IN SLAYING A SAINT!” Lin Yun roared once more, pouring all the energy within his body into the umbrella. This was risky, and he had to grit his teeth to stop the energy from going berserk.

Every single one of his attacks would shatter the saint dao in big patches before the umbrella fell onto the Saint Lord’s chest. When the Saint Lord was sent flying away, he smashed through nine mountains, and the neck of the Azure Dragon Sovereign Constellation stretched out of the crack.

As the Azure Dragon Sovereign Constellation let out a roar, an ancient and supreme aura swept out in the form of a draconic roar, which ultimately caused the black-robed Saint Lord’s Saint Constellation to almost completely collapse.

“No! No! No!” The black-robed Saint Lord panicked, quickly shoving saint pellets into his mouth. As his injuries swiftly recovered, he no longer held back and took out three Glory Saint Artifacts. Each Glory Saint Artifact was emitting an ancient aura, trying to resist the Sovereign Constellation. The trump card of a Saint would naturally be breathtaking.

Executing the Dragon-Phoenix World Annihilating Sword Canon, Lin Yun lifted the Dragon-Phoenix World Annihilating Cauldron from the dragon origin ocean with nether energy. His eyes were immediately dyed black, which made him look like a fiend. At this moment, he didn’t bother trying to resist the cauldron.

As Lin Yun hovered in the air, he let out a roar with his rage, killing intent, and all his emotions contained within it. “Why?! I have done nothing wrong, so why are you guys coming after me? You guys crippled my senior brother two decades ago and want to cripple me now? Just because I’m the disciple of the Radiant Sword Saint? Just because I slew all the Profound Sky Sect’s disciples?! This isn’t fair!

“OH, AZURE DRAGON, AID ME IN SLAYING A SAINT!” Lin Yun raised the umbrella and let out a sorrowful roar from the bottom of his heart.

Big Brother, I pray for you to help me from the underworld, for I have done nothing wrong. Please help me slay a saint in the name of the Azure Dragon Lord!

Suddenly, the Azure Dragon Sovereign Constellation reacted as if it had heard Lin Yun’s roar. It let out a roar and started to struggle. But no matter how much it struggled, it couldn’t descend from beyond the thirty-sixth layer of heaven because Lin Yun was too weak.

Even if he had lifted three seals of the Profound Wither Key, he still couldn’t summon a complete Sovereign Constellation. As the Azure Dragon Sovereign Constellation roared, it caused the entire thirty-sixth layer of heaven to violently tremble.

“Not good!” Tian Xuanzi suddenly felt an ill premonition and wanted to quickly leave.

But how could Mu Xuankong and Chen Yu let Tian Xuanzi do as he wishes? Even Lin Yun dared to put his life on the line, so why would they fear death as Saint Sovereigns? They did their best to hold down Tian Xuanzi with overlapping blade and sword domains.

When everyone felt the Sovereign Constellation couldn't descend, a huge crack opened in the sky, and a dragon claw flew out.

Using the umbrella, Lin Yun manipulated the umbrella to have the claw fall on the black-robed Saint Lord. The suppressive power from the dragon claw easily sent the three Glory Saint Artifacts flying away, and his Saint Constellation completely collapsed before the dragon claw grabbed him.

As cracks swiftly spread out on the ground, countless rocks that were like small mountains were hovering in the air. As killing intent surged from Lin Yun’s pupils, he wielded the umbrella and charged at the black-robed Saint Lord.

When the dragon claw was retracted, and the black-robed Saint Lord got back on his feet, Lin Yun appeared before him and thrust his umbrella, “Die!”

This made the black-robed Saint Lord throw out a mouthful of blood and wail in pain before he roared, “I’m a Saint Lord! A mere fly like you wants to kill me? You must be dreaming!”

But the umbrella was like a sword, and the speed had far exceeded the black-clothed Saint Lord’s expectations, easily piercing through his saint physique. The Saint Lord’s Saint Constellation was destroyed, and he took a heavy blow to his physique. Thus, he wasn’t able to withstand Lin Yun’s attack.

“You…” The black-robed Saint Lord squinted his eyes, and he could sense that his vitality was swiftly flowing away. He couldn’t believe that this was real; he was about to be killed by the hands of a Dragon Pulse Realm.

Lin Yun’s body staggered, but he still firmly held onto his umbrella before gritting his teeth, “Remember, the one that killed you is the Champion of the Ninth Heavenly Path, First on the Empyrean Ranking and Elysium Core Ranking, and the Disciple of the Radiant Sword Saint, Lin Yun!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He plunged the umbrella deeper into the black-robed Saint Lord’s chest as he spoke.

“I’m a Saint Lord! Who are you to kill me, you demon!” The black-robed Saint Lord completely lost it, and he roared from the bottom of his heart.

But Lin Yun’s eyes flashed with mockery because that wasn’t what the Saint Lord said earlier. He coldly looked at the black-robed Saint Lord, “Who am I to kill you? I have taken many lives while coming this far, and they all deserved to die! I can’t kill you because you’re a Saint Lord? Only you’re allowed to bully me? I’ll return your words to you! You have done nothing wrong, but I’ll still take your life!”

Twisting the umbrella in his hand, the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella opened up and the black-robed Saint Lord’s body blew apart. While being drizzled in saint blood, it made the umbrella look even more gorgeous, and many people who witnessed this scene were scared silly.

With the death of a Saint Lord, the entire world became quiet, regardless if they were from the Profound Sky Sect or the surrounding spectators. They never imagined that a Saint Lord would fall by Lin Yun’s hands.

The surroundings became quiet. Only Lil’ Purple’s flute music could be heard. Lin Yun’s clothes were also dyed red under the saint's blood. Lin Yun turned back to look at Lil’ Purple.

While the saint’s blood rained down on the umbrella, this scene became deeply engraved in everyone’s hearts.

In ancient times, the Iris Sword Saint slew a deity while at the Saint Realm. Today, Lin Yun slew a Saint while he was at the Dragon Pulse Realm.