Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1665 – I'm The Sole Immortal (2)

I have a sword, fire, like the sea of flames that could incinerate the ocean!

But before he could finish, the Radiant Sword Saint’s second attack arrived, and it was an ancient ‘Fire’ word this time. The blazing temperature given off by this sword felt like it could boil the ocean. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

As flames blazed around Tian Xuanzi, this left the latter in shock while the flower petals around him that were engraved with divine runes were incinerated to ashes.

I have a sword, lightning, like a halbert that slays immortals!

As thunder rumbled, the Radiant Sword Saint raised his sword to the sky, and a small clump of lightning formed at the sword’s tip.

The lightning clump was flickering with dazzling radiance. When the Radiant Sword Saint swung his sword down, all the lightning and sword aura formed into an ancient ‘Lightning’ word before landing on Tian Xuanzi.

The Lightning Sword Form pierced the saint armor that Tian Xuanzi wore. When the word entered his body, it destroyed the Heavenly Gold, Heavenly Wood, Heavenly Water, Heavenly Fire, and Heavenly Earth within his body.

Damn it! How is this possible?! This time, Tian Xuanzi finally panicked because the Great Profound Heaven manifested with the Profound Sky Canon showed traces of crumbling.

A cold light flashed within Tian Xuanzi’s pupils, and his face became sinister. He had calculated everything, except that despite the Radiant Sword Saint having grown older, he was stronger than before. If the Radiant Sword Saint gave off a feeling that he could kill anyone with a sword in his hand in the past, the feeling he gave off now was as though he had heaven in his hand when wielding a sword.

I have a sword, ice, like a frightening chill that can freeze everything!

Wielding the Flower Burial Sword, the Radiant Sword Saint spun in mid-air, and a terrifying chill spread out that sealed off all the areas around Tian Xuanzi. When the Radiant Sword Saint turned around, he swung his sword, which manifested into an ancient ‘Ice’ word.

When that ancient ‘Ice’ word bloomed, Tian Xuanzi’s movements were sealed once the sword was pointed at him. He was covered in frost and turned into an ice sculpture with the saint radiance that shone on his body.

But the ice only lasted for a brief moment before it shattered. Tian Xuanzi’s face was pale, and he didn’t even hesitate to turn and immediately tried to flee. But since the Radiant Sword Saint came today, the thought of letting Tian Xuanzi off never crossed his mind, and he immediately chased after the latter.

“Hehe.” Tian Xuanzi chuckled as he threw out a mouthful of blood. It was as though he had already expected this scene. He kicked his foot on the ground and executed the Profound Sky Canon’s Universal Reversal.

When he kicked his foot, the entire world became upside down. When he stood back up, he was already beside Lin Yun. He simply waved his hand and sent Lil’ Purple flying before reaching out to catch Lin Yun.

“You dare?!” The Radiant Sword Saint flew into a rage with his sword intent wholly unleashed, and he swung his sword out.

This breathtaking sword crossed a few thousand miles in a split second. When he swung his sword, the Radiant Sword Saint didn’t move, but his sword ray was directed at Tian Xuanzi’s head, quickly traveling through space.

This forced Tian Xuanzi to retreat and lower his head to avoid this sword. But when he turned around, a greater half of his blonde hair was sliced away.

But the Radiant Sword Saint didn’t let Tian Xuanzi off that easily and trembled his hand with the Flower Burial Sword thrusting towards Tian Xuanzi’s forehead.

As a sun and a moon rotated in Tian Xuanzi’s pupils, he didn’t avoid the attack this time and used his hands to clamp onto Lin Yun’s sword. The sword aura behind this attack was too strong. Even if Tian Xuanzi had stopped this sword, the momentum behind him kept pushing him back, shattering the void whenever he retreated.

As the Radiant Sword Saint’s white hair fluttered, his pupils were filled with killing intent, and he kept pushing Tian Xuanzi back.

Tian Xuanzi’s clothes began to tear apart, and his face distorted with pain. It didn’t take long for cracks to appear on his skin, and he was horrified to feel that his life origin was constantly being attacked. It wouldn’t be long before he was stabbed by this sword, and he would lose his life then.

When he raised his head, he discovered that he couldn’t see the Radiant Sword Saint clearly, nor was the Radiant Sword Saint wielding the Flower Burial Sword. Instead, he was holding onto a ray of light, an eternal sword ray.

As the sound of dao rumbled, countless scriptures formed into a gigantic being, and this loomed Tian Xuanzi’s heart with fear. What sword technique was this? This was the first time he felt so close to death, and he couldn’t find a way to resolve this attack.

Meanwhile, Lin Yun let out a breath of relief when he saw this scene. He swiftly came over to Lil’ Purple and helped her up. When she wiped the blood off her lips, her eyes shone brightly, and she said, “I’m fine. Tian Xuanzi is dead this time!”

“Nether Divinity Old Goat, how long will you keep watching?!” When Tian Xuanzi finally reached his limit, he roared.

Everyone was briefly stunned when they heard ‘Nether Divinity Old Goat.’ But their faces soon changed as they wondered if it was that person.

A burst of laughter suddenly echoed across the horizon, “Hahaha! Radiant, do you still remember me? The Nether Divinity Ancestor!”

Hearing that voice, everyone’s faces changed because it was really the Nether Divinity Ancestor. When Lin Yun raised his head, he could see a torrential demonic aura raging in the thirty-six layers of heaven. It didn’t take long for that demonic aura to condense into a black-robed elder, emitting a mysterious dark glow.

He was like a black sun, emitting the aura at the pinnacle of Great Saint. He didn’t hesitate to pounce at the Radiant Sword Saint when he appeared. At this moment, everyone understood what Tian Xuanzi was planning. He planned to hold down the Radiant Sword Saint, allowing the Nether Divinity Ancestor to deal the fatal blow.

“Hahaha! Radiant, you’re ultimately going to die by my hands!” The Nether Divinity Ancestor laughed, and his laughter was filled with arrogance.

Suddenly, light shone in the sky of darkness. When light enveloped the Nether Divinity Ancestor, the latter was shocked to discover that he couldn’t take a step back, and he quickly turned his head.

Everyone else immediately directed their gazes over and saw that it seemed to be Lin Yun, whose eyes were closed and three thousand spheres of light were around him. Every sphere was a world, and living beings were within each world. Those people were all worshipping that ancient being.

This person was naturally Lin Yun, who brought out the Firmament Saint Cloth, and he had been waiting for this moment. When he opened his eyes, chants resounded from the countless worlds that formed into a majestic chant with celestial light shining from him.

Raising his hand, he waved it at the Nether Divinity Ancestor. In the next second, the celestial light in his palm destroyed the demonic light on the Nether Divinity Ancestor, causing the latter’s body to crumble. This unimaginable power was the pinnacle attack of the Firmament Saint Cloth.

This attack contained all of Lin Yun’s rage, just like what the Azure Dragon Lord told him. If any old monsters dared to bully him, just slap them to death with a palm.

Before the Nether Divinity Ancestor could even respond, he had already died with his body blown apart. Everything happened in the blink of an eye, and a sigh could be heard echoing in the world, “Invincible with three thousand daos, and I’m the sole immortal in the mortal realm…”

This voice sounded desolate, lonely, and resentful. But it was this sigh that caused countless worlds to tremble.