Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1667 – Legend Descends (2)

Just as they spoke, the Radiant Sword Saint threw out a mouthful of blood before he was sent flying away by Tian Xuanzi.

“Radiant, you still won’t be able to escape death today!” Tian Xuanzi smiled. His smile looked gentle, but his pupils were filled with chill and indifference.

As the Radiant Sword Saint threw out three mouthfuls of blood, he fell onto one knee. When he raised his head, he was helpless to stop Tian Xuanzi from approaching.

Just when Tian Xuanzi was about to land an attack on the Radiant Sword Saint, a figure flew over with three thousand light spheres around him. He was naturally Lin Yun.

Seeing Lin Yun’s arrival, a cold light flashed across Tian Xuanzi’s pupils. He took a step forth and unleashed his aura as a Great Saint. Circulating his Profound Sky Canon, a massive starry sky appeared behind him, and a terrifying palm landed on Lin Yun. But before that palm could get close, the three thousand light spheres around Lin Yun melted, and fluctuations swept out from them.

Lin Yun was unharmed, facing Tian Xuanzi’s attack. When he raised his head, Lin Yun’s pupils were filled with killing intent as he pushed his right palm forth, “Die!”

As three thousand light spheres fluctuated, they lit up the sky and destroyed the various phenomena summoned by Tian Xuanzi. The three thousand light spheres contained different daos. All of that the massive energy poured into Lin Yun’s body. When he pushed his palm forth, a massive hand covered with various scriptures was formed.

Before Tian Xuanzi could respond, the saint glow that he gave off was destroyed by this palm, and none of his attacks could hinder the palm from descending.

“The Firmament Saint Cloth!” Tian Xuanzi’s eyes were filled with resentment and unwillingness, but he still took this palm head-on. As his bones shattered, Tian Xuanzi flew back, blood drizzling down.

Lin Yun’s figure was swaying, and he could feel the entire world spinning as if there was a power wanting to tear his soul apart. But he endured with his sheer willpower and soared to the sky.

As the three thousand light spheres entered his body, Lin Yun’s hair fluttered, and he instantly caught up with Tian Xuanzi. Without any hesitation, Lin Yun raised his palm and attacked Tian Xuanzi. The latter could barely fend off several attacks before receiving a one-sided beating from Lin Yun. He was a Great Saint, but he was powerless before Lin Yun.

“What treasure is that? It’s still so powerful after killing the Nether Divinity Ancestor…”

“But the power of that cloth seems to be falling. I’m afraid that Lin Yun won’t be able to last for long.”

“He’s only persevering with sheer willpower. That fellow really placed his life on the line for his master.”

“No matter what, the entire Ancient Barren Domain and Kunlun Realm will be shaken by what happens here.” Everyone’s jaws were wide open with shock from this scene, and they were all intimidated by the power Lin Yun had shown.

But Tian Xuanzi was indifferent, allowing Lin Yun’s attacks to land on him. When Lin Yun couldn’t kill him with the first palm, he knew he wouldn’t die. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“For it to easily kill a Great Saint, what a great treasure. If it landed on me first, my outcome wouldn’t be any better than that old goat’s.” Tian Xuanzi was calm despite the blood dripping down from his lips. His pupils were blazing with flames when he looked at the Firmament Saint Cloth. “I have to thank you. If it’s not for you, I wouldn’t have been able to get rid of that old goat so easily. Not only that old goat; now, Radiant, and you will also die. After today, no one will be my match in the Ancient Barren Domain!”

“You bastard!” Lin Yun’s gaze was cold, his eyes becoming bloodshot, and he threw a punch.

When light shone on the Firmament Saint Cloth and three thousand light spheres were about to fly out, Tian Xuanzi’s pupils flashed coldly, and he grabbed Lin Yun’s fist.

“Profound Sky Canon—Universal Reversal!” With a twist, Lin Yun turned around along with heaven and earth. The three thousand light spheres that were about to fly out of his body were forcibly sent back in.

“As I expected. You’ve yet to receive the Firmament Saint Cloth’s acknowledgment. You’re courting death to dare to expose this treasure when you’re just at the Dragon Pulse Realm. I can’t comprehend the deep relationship between you and your master.” Tian Xuanzi muttered to himself.

Shaking his head, five heavenly wheels appeared in his other hand, with five stars soaring to the sky, emitting a terrifying fluctuation.

“No…” The Radiant Sword Saint’s face changed when he saw this scene. He wanted to help, but he fell back down after taking two steps forth and threw out a mouthful of blood.

Lin Yun’s face also changed because he discovered that he couldn’t break free, no matter how he struggled. The Azure Firmament Saint Seal within his body was gradually becoming dim. The seal was his control over the Firmament Saint Cloth, and that seal had lasted shorter than he had imagined. It became unstable after killing the Nether Divinity Ancestor.

“What an impressive will you have there.” Tian Xuanzi said before exerting so much force on his right hand that even space had distorted, putting Lin Yun in great pain. At the same time, a black vortex on his palm made everyone present feel a chill run down their spines. Tian Xuanzi was too terrifying.

He was also too calm. Even after he had turned the tables around, he still wanted to end Lin Yun by using his strongest attack. This ensured he would kill Lin Yun even if the latter had the Firmament Saint Cloth on.

“Tian Xuanzi, I’ll personally take your life if I don’t die today!” Lin Yun said with his teeth gritted while glaring at Tian Xuanzi.

“Oh.” Tian Xuanzi replied indifferently. “But it’s a pity that you no longer have that opportunity. I am never too over-confident in myself, just like how I made sure Jian Jingtian won’t grow up two decades ago. That is the same for today, but I didn’t expect that you’d be more troublesome to deal with than I’d imagined.

“Heavenly Dome Sword Intent, Blue Dragon Bone, Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella, and the Firmament Saint Cloth. I’m curious about what other trump cards you have left.” The black vortex finally condensed in Tian Xuanzi’s hand, concentrating into a small black sphere. The black sphere gave off a feeling that it could devour everything in the world, containing such an unimaginable power that no one could imagine what would happen when it exploded.

“No one can save you today, and I will grant you death!” Tian Xuanzi roared and pushed his left hand forth. But the next moment, his face changed because he discovered that his left hand couldn’t move no matter how hard he tried.

Lin Yun was clearly right before his eyes, but he couldn’t unleash his attack. This instantly made Tian Xuanzi’s face drastically change. When the reversed world was restored, Lin Yun finally managed to break free from Tian Xuanzi’s grasp and flew away.

“Who is it? Which bastard is causing all of this to happen? Get your ass out!” Tian Xuanzi roared. All of his plans were about to be fulfilled, but it was stopped at the last step. Anyone could imagine how furious Tian Xuanzi must be feeling now.

As he unleashed his aura and even started looking around, a voice resounded, “It is I, Yu Qingfeng.”

When Tian Xuanzi turned to look in the direction where the voice came from, he saw a person sitting beside the Radiant Sword Saint. After he appeared, the plum petals flying out from the Radiant Sword Saint’s body were stopped, and his pale face also recovered a little. Time seemed to have stopped, and his vitality had stopped flowing out of his body.

The Radiant Sword Saint and Sword Emperor exchanged a look with smiles, but this scene changed Tian Xuanzi’s face. This was because this person was the strongest swordsman in the world, the Sword Emperor Yu Qingfeng.

He instantly felt a bucket of water pouring down on him as his heart fell into the abyss. Even the arrogance that he had before disappeared and was replaced with fear along with a wisp of awkwardness. His lips were twitching, but he couldn’t say a word. He was just awkwardly standing there with a black sphere in his hand.