Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1708 – Heart Pierced By Ten Thousand Arrows

One had to admit that Lin Yun looked terrifying when his expression was dark. After all, he was someone who killed a Great Saint. For some reason, the pressure he gave off when he was furious wasn’t something that someone from the same generation could bear.

Mo Ling’er didn’t dare to look at Lin Yun and could only lead the way, with Lin Yun quietly following behind her. Throughout the journey, Mo Ling’er wanted to turn around several times, but she didn’t dare when she sensed the invisible pressure coming from her rear.

After they passed through multiple corridors, Mo Ling’er brought Lin Yun to a serene pavilion. This was at the heart of the Heavenly Star Pavilion, and the roof was black. The pavilion was lit up by some lamps that made this pavilion look mysterious.

“Missy is inside.” Mo Ling’er lowered her head.

When Lin Yun raised his head, he could see two figures within the room, and they seemed to be discussing something. Lin Yun was familiar with one figure, and he could instantly recognize that it was An Liuyan. The other person should be a man, but Lin Yun couldn’t recognize this person.

“Young Master Lin, this is an important guest that not even Missy dares to offend.” Mo Ling’er said with her head lowered.

“What are they talking about?” Lin Yun asked. He could sense that something wasn’t right from Mo Ling’er’s gaze, and he didn’t like to beat around the bush.

“Missy has given me orders not to say anything about it…” Mo Ling’er nervously lowered her head.

“I’ll go and ask them myself, then.” Lin Yun said.

“Young Master Lin, let me report your arrival.” Mo Ling’er suddenly raised her head.

“No need.” Lin Yun patted her shoulder, circulating the Blue Dragon Skybreaking Art to freeze the latter on the spot. When he took three steps, he could sense that he had passed through a membrane, which should be a spiritual array.

Circulating the Divine Tortoise Transformation, Lin Yun concealed his aura and got close to the two. At the same time, he also executed the Divine Dragon Eyes, and his vision pierced through all obstacles. But the pavilion was enveloped in a waterfall-like saint dao, making it hard for him to look through.

But he didn’t give up and executed the three dragon seals. When the three seals revolved within the sun and moon in each of his pupils, Lin Yun finally managed to see what was going on inside.

An Liuyan was in the pavilion, donned a blue robe and wielding a fan. Seated in front of her was an elegant and noble youth. She asked, “Young Master Liu, have you reconsidered? Are you going to sell the Heavenly Snow Lotus’ heart that’s in your hands?”

She had delicate features and emitted a deadly charm even when she donned a male disguise. Her smile made her look even more enchanting with a red blush on her skin.

As the youth in front of her raised his head, he smiled, “Lady An, I already said there’s no need to be so courteous. You can just call me by my name, Chenxin.”

But An Liuyan merely smiled and didn’t reply.

As Liu Chenxin took a sip of the tea, he asked, “The tea is great, but it’s a little too bland. Does the Heavenly Star Pavilion have any good wine?”

“We naturally do. If Young Master Liu is willing to sell the heart of your Heavenly Snow Lotus, I can do my best to get any wine you need.” An Liuyan said.

“That won’t do. The person is also important. Even a delicious wine will be hard to drink if it's not with the right person. Lady An, what do you think?” Liu Chenxin asked, and his gaze was fixed on An Liuyan.

“Young Master Liu is right.” An Liuyan smiled. “But we have already been chatting for an hour, so it’s time to go into the main topic. Young Master Liu, you can be more straightforward and tell me if you’re willing to sell your Heavenly Snow Lotus’ heart.”

Liu Chenxin got up from his seat and slowly approached her. Wearing a smile, he said, “A beauty like Lady An has begged me multiple times, and I would’ve sold it to you if I could. But it’s not in my hands, it’s in my uncle's.”

“Young Master Liu must be joking. Everyone knows that your uncle dotes on you a lot. If I remember correctly, that uncle of yours is pretty old, and he rarely goes out. So he doesn’t need it at all.” An Liuyan replied.

“Haha.” Liu Chenxin smiled and didn’t refute those words. Sitting back down on the chair, he looked at An Liuyan and said, “The Heavenly Snow Lotus’ heart is rare, to begin with. They’re practically not for sale. Saint City might be huge, but there aren’t many of them. The three from the Ten Chamber of Commerce in the Vermillion Bird District were all brought by a mysterious venerable from the Demon Gate. Aside from the one in my hands, I guarantee that Lady An won’t be able to find another one elsewhere.

“You found me three times, so I won’t beat around the bush. My Liu Clan can get anything your Heavenly Star Pavilion can offer me, so I want something that cannot be bought.” He smiled and squinted his eyes, looking at An Liuyan’s figure. The meaning behind his words was obvious, since An Liuyan was priceless to him.

Not only was An Liuyan blessed with an outstanding appearance, but she was also famous in the Heavenly Domain City. Many people knew there was a new gorgeous beauty in charge of the Heavenly Star Pavilion. It was too unrealistic to use force on her, but this was a priceless opportunity since she had something to ask of him. Now that he had hooked her up, he couldn’t be bothered to conceal his intentions any longer.

“Young Master Liu really knows how to joke. I don’t know what you’re talking about, and it’s getting late. So Young Master Liu can return first.” An Liuyan smiled.

Liu Chenxin smiled, “This is a pretty good place, so serene and safe that even my guards can’t come in. It’s a suitable place to do some things, and I can stay here.”

“Young Master Liu, please have some self-respect.” An Liuyan said coldly.

“Are you sure about that?” Liu Chenxin smiled. “I already heard that you urgently need the Heavenly Snow Lotus’ heart, and you even offered a high price. Someone important to you must be injured, right? You better reconsider it again because I’m asking this of you, and it’ll be a different story when you beg me.”

Just when he was dreaming and waiting for An Liuyan’s reply, the pavilion door was shattered with a punch. The door was destroyed, and the spiritual arrays enveloping the entire pavilion were forcibly torn apart, causing the ground to tremble.

A person shrouded in a chilling aura stepped in, and blood dripped from his right fist. He swept his gaze through the room before his eyes stopped on Liu Chenxin.

“Who are you?!” Liu Chenxin exclaimed as he stood up with his face changed.

But Lin Yun didn’t say a word and executed the Divine Dragon Eyes. In the next second, the boundless divine dragon’s aura started pouring into Liu Chenxin’s sea of consciousness, and Lin Yun dragged him across the air before he could even respond. “Get lost.”

When the thunderstorm energy swept over, Lin Yun clenched his fist and threw a punch with countless dragon runes gathered on his right fist. His punch shattered Liu Chenxin’s ribs, causing the latter to throw out a mouthful of blood, while sending him flying out.

When Mo Ling’er saw Liu Chenxin rolling to her feet, her face changed, and her heart dropped. Although she already expected this scene, she never expected Lin Yun to be so brutal and wouldn’t go easy on Liu Chenxin right from the start.

After Liu Chenxin was caught by surprise, he briefly struggled on the ground before getting back on his feet. He charged into the pavilion and yelled, “Lady An, are you alright? This person dared to intrude on the forbidden ground of the Heavenly Star Pavilion, and my Liu Saint Clan won’t let him off!”

He was shrouded in rage, but he was dumbfounded when he entered the pavilion, looking at An Liuyan carefully wrapping a bandage on Lin Yun’s hand. This scene instantly made his face green, and he nearly lost his composure. He roared, “An Liuyan, give me a fucking explanation! Who the hell is he?!”

“The Heavenly Snow Lotus’ heart is for me. Do you understand now?” Lin Yun replied.

Liu Chenxin was stumped upon hearing that because he thought An Liuyan was buying it for a Saint Realm senior. He never expected that it was meant for someone so young, and An Liuyan didn’t refute what Lin Yun said. Thus, this instantly made the surrounding atmosphere awkward. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Liu Chenxin’s face became even darker, and he had never been humiliated in this manner before. He roared, “An Liuyan, you lied to me!”

But An Liuyan smiled, and replied, “Liu Chenxin, I never lied to you. It’s all your one-sided feelings. I only wanted to buy your Heavenly Snow Lotus’ heart right from the beginning, and you know what you’re thinking. Not to mention that I have already given you enough face.”

Liu Chenxin’s face changed. He couldn’t take this lying down. He could feel blades slicing across his heart because of the humiliation. A long time later, he roared, “You bastards. I, Liu Chenxin, have never suffered like this in Heavenly Domain City. Offending me, you can dream about buying the Heavenly Snow Lotus’ heat anymore! I’ll make you kneel before me and beg for mercy one day!”

When An Liuyan was done bandaging Lin Yun’s hand, she finally breathed a sigh of relief and patted her hands together with a smile, “Young Master Liu, aren’t you curious about who the Demon Gate’s venerable that brought the three Heavenly Snow Lotus’ hearts is?”

“Who?!” Liu Chenxin regretted the moment he said that because he had an ill premonition, and he looked at An Liuyan with disbelief.

“You’re right. It’s me.” An Liuyan smiled.

“Y-Y-You…” Liu Chenxin was angered to the point that he threw out another mouthful of blood.

“Ling’er, send him out. Don’t let anyone disrupt Young Master Lin and me.” An Liuyan said.

“Young Master Liu, please.” Mo Ling’er wanted to help Liu Chenxin up from the ground, but the latter pushed her aside.

What An Liuyan said, in the end, was like a knife stabbing into his heart, and it was even more painful than having his heart pierced by ten thousand arrows.