Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1715 – Anyone In The Same Generation Can Freely Challenge

Lin Yun’s voice wasn’t loud but firm, and the entire banquet fell into a dead silence. They were just back talking about Lin Xiao earlier, calling him human scum, and were planning to deal with him tomorrow. So they couldn’t help feeling shocked when they saw that he was also present at the banquet.

Not only that, but no one noticed the ancient score that he played. They probably wouldn’t have discovered that Lin Yun had sneaked into the banquet if it weren't for the Wind Edge Lord.

On the other hand, Yun Xi was shocked as she looked at Lin Yun. She couldn’t believe Lil’ Lin was Lin Xiao, and she was just talking badly about Lin Xiao earlier. Most importantly, Lin Xiao didn’t seem to be a bad person, as was rumored.

“He’s Lin Xiao?”

“Isn’t he a little too bold…?”

“He actually sneaked into the West Garden Banquet without anyone knowing it?” Many people muttered, and their pupils were shocked when they looked at Lin Yun caressing his zither.

Xu Dongfei and Lan Hongyan were shocked when they saw Lin Yun, especially Xu Dongfei, who nearly dropped his wine cup. They still hadn’t forgotten what happened in the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion, and that experience had affected them greatly.

Although he spoke of Lin Yun’s ‘vicious’ actions earlier, he didn’t mention how Lin Yun defeated him, even after he used a forbidden score. This was because it was too humiliating. As for Lan Hongyan, she was enveloped in fear, and she could feel her cheeks aching when she saw Lin Yun.

But they soon regained their composure because this was the West Garden Banquet, the Liu Clan’s residence, and the Wind Edge Lord’s territory. So Lin Yun was no different from courting death to come alone. Thinking about it, their gazes became eerie as they looked at Lin Yun.

On the other hand, Jiang Yu and Jiang Feng were shocked. When Jiang Feng saw Lin Yun, he was so terrified that his legs nearly wobbled. He asked in a trembling voice, “Father, what should we do?”

“Why are you afraid of him? I was just troubled that I didn’t have an opportunity to deal with him.” Jiang Yu said coldly.

“Pretty impressive zither skills, Young Master Lin. Since you have such skills, why sneak your way in? You can just enter openly, and you don’t need to sneak in.” The Wind Edge Lord said without any emotions in his words.

Lin Yun coming alone placed Wind Edge Lord in a difficult position. If he couldn’t deal with this matter right, it would ruin his reputation when the news gets out.

“It’s only a moment of interest, and I have no intentions of hiding my identity, to begin with. But hearing everything you guys said and even wanting to go to the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion tomorrow, it’d make no sense if I still didn’t show up.” Lin Yun calmly replied, while everyone in the surroundings wore unnatural expressions.

No matter what, it was awkward that the person they were speaking badly of was listening amongst them.

“I initially only planned to look at this West Garden Banquet, but you guys insulted me repeatedly. So there’s no way I can keep sitting around.” Lin Yun looked at everyone and continued, “I have an inferior background, and I don’t dare to hold myself against everyone here. But all of you have insulted me when you’ve never met me. So, isn’t that a little too much?

“Even an ant has its own prestige. I might be untalented, but I’d like to seek guidance from everyone here. I want to know where you guys got your confidence to insult me from.” Lin Yun said. He was donned a white robe, looking at everyone present.

But his voice was like a rumbling thunder that shocked everyone present. Everyone here was just insulting Lin Yun earlier and even said that they wanted to go to the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion to capture him.

But now, Lin Yun was standing before them with his zither, challenging everyone present. Just his guts alone had shocked everyone.

Despite feeling unhappy, the Wind Edge Lord asked, “How do you want to compete?”

“Martial dao or music dao, anything works. Anyone amongst the same generation can freely challenge me!” Lin Yun smiled, sweeping his gaze over without any fear in his pupils.

Hearing what Lin Yun said, the Wind Edge Lord became confident because what Lin Yun did was no different from courting death in his eyes.

“A mere dog dares to act with such impudence in the Wind Edge Lord’s West Garden Banquet? Do you treat me as if I don’t exist? Do you think you’re qualified? Martial dao and music dao both work? Let me, Huang Xuanyi, challenge you, then!” Huang Xuanyi toyed with the wine cup in his hand and wore a playful smile. Looking at Lin Yun, he said, “Don’t you like to call yourself a barbarian? Let us have some fun, then!”

“Brother Huang, go for it!”

“Brother Huang, well said!”

“No wonder he was previously first on the Elysium Core Ranking. Teach him a lesson. Did he think he’s a figure just because the Wind Edge Lord is polite to him?” Huang Xuanyi’s words caused many people in the surroundings to echo along.

“Brother Huang, there’s no need to waste your time on him. You’re a genius of the holy land, and you’re only lowering your status to deal with someone like him. It’ll make us look like weaklings if we need a holy land’s genius to deal with a mad dog like him.” A blue-robed youth stepped out. He was a famous swordsman in the Vermillion Bird District, and he was at the seventh-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm!

“Your words make sense.” Huang Xuanyi smiled.

“His cultivation is two stages higher than you, so you can leave now if you can’t accept it. I’ll personally pay the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion to deal with you tomorrow.” The Wind Edge Lord said.

“It’s fine.” Lin Yun replied indifferently.

“Great!” The young swordsman stepped forth and stood before Lin Yun.

“You guys can fight all you want. This place is reinforced by spiritual arrays, so you don’t have to worry about destroying anything. You guys also don’t have to worry about injuring anyone because I believe my Liu Saint Clan’s seniors will handle it.” The Wind Edge Lord wore a playful smile and raised his wine cup.

The blue-robed youth moved. He was fast, proving that he had practiced a formidable movement technique. When he drew his sword while dashing towards Lin Yun, his sword released a vibrating noise that perfectly fused with his Wind Intent.

His speed was neckbreaking, and he was already before Lin Yun when he drew his sword. Many people in the surroundings couldn’t even tell if his sword reached Lin Yun first or if he moved first. When he swung his sword, a faint ripple spread out in the surrounding space, causing space to distort.

Ordinary people couldn’t see through anything behind that strike, but everyone here was an expert. They could tell this blue-robed youth had perfectly fused his sword and wind intent. Furthermore, he even came in contact with the surface of space dao. Ordinary people wouldn’t even know how they had died under this strike, not to mention blocking it.

“You lost!” The blue-robed youth declared when he drew his sword. This was because he was confident in himself.

But when his sword was about to touch Lin Yun’s forehead, a dazzling light radiated from the surroundings as two fingers clamped onto his sword. Even when the sword began to vibrate, the sword could no longer budge.

When the blue-robed youth raised his head, a bizarre scene occurred. He felt as though he was in an ocean of sword intent, and Lin Yun was the deity of this ocean, looking at him. No matter how he raised his head, he couldn’t look at Lin Yun’s actual appearance, and he could only see Lin Yun’s eyes.

No matter how he mustered his dragon origin, he couldn’t withdraw his sword, no matter how he tried. This shocked the blue-robed youth as he circulated all seven of his dragon pulses. When thousands of saint runes were activated on the saint sword, terrifying flames ignited from the sword that made it look like a dragon. It struggled and roared as if it would shred Lin Yun into pieces when it broke free.

But a pure dragon roar echoed from within Lin Yun’s body, and his fingers gave off a faint radiance. Suddenly, the blue-robed youth’s saint sword began to shatter inch by inch, and each inch of the sword turned into a horrifying storm that swept through the entire West Garden Banquet.

This occurred too suddenly, instantly putting the West Garden Banquet into chaos. In the next moment, everyone watched as the blue-robed youth threw out a mouthful of blood before he was knocked flying away.

On the other hand, Lin Yun stood with one hand behind him, and he hadn’t budged from where he was right from the start.

“Is this the best of your strength that gave you the confidence to insult me? It looks like you’re right; all of you are weaklings.” Lin Yun said while sweeping his gaze over. “A bunch of garbage thinks that you guys are a dragon after banding together?

“Martial dao or music dao, anything works. Anyone amongst the same generation can freely challenge me!” Lin Yun’s words were like a resounding slap to everyone present. Those who insulted Lin Yun earlier could feel a burning sensation on their cheeks, and their gazes became terrifyingly eerie.

There had never been such an arrogant person in the past West Garden Banquets. They initially thought Lin Xiao was just a reason for them to visit the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion tomorrow, but who could’ve thought Lin Yun would sneak into the banquet and challenge everyone? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

There was no lack of arrogant people in the Heavenly Domain’s Unholy Sea, but it had been many years since there was such an arrogant person like Lin Xiao.

As for Yun Xi, who initially held enmity for Lin Yun, she was in a daze while looking at Lin Yun. She never expected Lin Xiao to be so upright, and he didn’t look like a despicable person, as everyone said earlier.

The West Garden Banquet fell into silence once more, and no one could imagine that the blue-robed youth would be defeated so quickly. He was defeated too quickly and couldn’t even touch the edge of Lin Yun’s robe.

Although the blue-robed youth could still put up a fight, anyone could tell that the blue-robed youth was just courting humiliation if he continued the fight.

“You’re really arrogant!” Huang Xuanyi slammed his palm on the table. As he stood up, he coldly roared, “It looks like I have to give you a beating today, no matter what!”

His hair fluttered in the wind, and the demeanor he gave off right now captivated everyone’s attention.