Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1719 – Mysterious Medal

Jiang Yu panicked, his face becoming pale because he could recognize that the white figure was the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion’s Saint Elder, Mu Xueling with a glance. Facing her, Jiang Yu had held fear and never dared to disobey her orders. He speculated that the red figure might be the Profound Fairy, Yue Weiwei.

This made the corner of Jiang Yu’s lips twitch as fear clouded his head. It was just as he speculated; there was no way Lin Yun would come alone. To be honest, he never expected Lin Yun to be at the West Garden Banquet, and he came to give face to the Wind Edge Lord.

This was because the Liu Saint Clan treated Jiang Feng’s injuries, and he had yet to do anything to betray the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion. Furthermore, Wind Edge Lord was good with his words. None of his words were targeted at the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion. He only piqued everyone’s unhappiness towards the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion before going with the flow. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Jiang Yu would lie to say he didn’t have other thoughts. How could he not see through the Wind Edge Lord’s motive at his age? He came to the banquet to look at the Wind Edge Lord’s strength before making a decision. In the worst scenario, he could use the Wind Edge Lord to kill Lin Xiao.

As an elder of the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion, it was inappropriate for him to make a move against Lin Xiao when the Saint Elder wanted to protect him. But there weren’t many reservations if an outsider did it. But he never expected Lin Xiao to appear at the banquet, nor did he expect that the Saint Elder would come personally.

On the other hand, Lin Yun felt like he was dreaming when he heard ‘Big Brother Lin,’ and his heart was filled with complicated emotions. He knew that Yue Weiwei was here, and she had recognized him. She didn’t reunite with him because she didn’t want him to worry.

But she couldn’t help standing out when she saw Lin Yun in a dangerous position, just like how Lin Yun saved her from the realm sons back on the Heavenly Path.

As flute music resounded, it sounded so ethereal and unreal that it felt like it didn’t belong to the mortal world. Just when everyone was fully immersed in the music, a majestic aura comparable to an emperor descended that shocked everything. That was the Imperial Tone, which was above Saint Tone. It was natural for everyone to recognize it since they were musicians, meaning they were susceptible to music dao.

“Imperial Tone!” Xin Wuhen, Kong Ying, and Xiahou Feng were the first to realize it, and they had shock on their faces. After all, someone who grasped the Imperial Tone could be called a Heavenly Priest in ancient times. The Imperial Tone could connect with heaven and summon auspicious phenomena for mortal emperors, and each had a noble status.

After all, even an emperor wouldn’t dare to treat them lightly. Even in the Divine Dragon Era, there weren’t many people who grasped the Imperial Tone because that practically signified the top of the pyramid. So they couldn’t help feeling respect when witnessing someone playing the Imperial Tone.

When flute music resounded, the spiritual arrays within the Liu Saint Clan’s residence shattered like fireworks, and the music escorted the lady in the red dress down.

But when Yue Weiwei and Mu Xueling were approaching the West Garden, three figures appeared, wanting to stop them from getting closer. But a saint radiance shone from Mu Xueling’s forehead, and her music manifested into a towering tree.

The towering tree was rooted in the long flute in her hands. As it rose, it started to emit a saint radiance while rising towrads the sky along with music dao. In the blink of an eye, it reached a thousand feet in height, with multiple suns appearing on the tree branches. The suns were like fruits that were grown on the tree. When nine suns appeared, they emitted a dazzling radiance that sent the three saints flying back.

“The Divine Mulberry Tree!” The faces of the three saints changed, and their pupils were filled with fear.

Mu Xueling stopped after she repelled the three saints before landing in the West Garden Banquet with Yue Weiwei. Mu Xueling’s appearance was too young. When the three saints looked at Mu Xueling, the latter emitted a saint radiance that felt as if she didn’t belong to this world.

“Wind Edge Lord, what are you trying to do? You want to forcibly keep Lin Xiao around after he swept through your West Garden Banquet?” Yue Weiwei coldly said when she landed on the ground.

Everyone’s gazes shifted from Mu Xueling to Yue Weiwei, and they were instantly breath taken. Her facial expression was clearly cold, but no one could have any thoughts of loathing her flawless face. She was like exquisite porcelain, enchanting and spiritual like a celestial.

“Profound Fairy, how have you been? Pardon me for asking, but what’s your relationship with Lin Xiao?” The Wind Edge Lord squinted his eyes. Even if this wasn’t his first time seeing Yue Weiwei, it was hard for him to suppress his emotions because Yue Weiwei was too alluring.

But the Wind Edge Lord was ambitious and wouldn’t give up everything for a woman. He had a clear understanding of his position.

Meanwhile, everyone else couldn’t help taking a few more glances at Yue Weiwei because seeing her in person far preceded her reputation.

Looking at Lin Xiao, Yue Weiwei replied, “He’s my senior brother.”

Mu Xueling glanced at Yue Weiwei when she heard that. She knew that Yue Weiwei was bullshitting again, and she didn’t remember when she had such an unreliable junior brother.

“I see… Your senior brother…” The Wind Edge Lord smiled, but he naturally wouldn’t believe it.

“Since Saint Elder and Profound Fairy are here, I naturally can’t keep Lin Xiao around. But we still have to wait for my father to decide.” The Wind Edge Lord said, completely disregarding Lin Yun. Even after Mu Xueling arrived, even if he kept his arrogance, he could still face Mu Xueling without cowering.

Lin Yun was surprised because the Wind Edge Lord had some demeanor. It was no wonder why he could hold such a huge banquet. Someone like him was the most terrifying.

“We’re not in a hurry.” Mu Xueling calmly looked at the Wind Edge Lord, instantly placing the latter under immense pressure. Even if he had three saints standing behind him, the pressure given off by Mu Xueling was massive, and she had a unique temperament on her that not even saints could see through.

When she was done speaking, she was like a hen protecting her chick and waved her hand to pull Lin Yun behind her with Yue Weiwei.

The corner of the Wind Edge Lord’s lips twitched when he heard that, and his facial expression was somewhat ugly. After all, he just declared that no one could take Lin Yun away. But there was nothing he could do about it. Despite having his heart filled with rage, he still wore a polite smile on his face.

“It’s rude of me not to receive Elder Mu firsthand.” When everyone could no longer suppress the current atmosphere, a middle-aged man in his fifties walked out. This man was donned in a blue robe. He was the current patriarch of the Liu Saint Clan and was Liu Chenfeng’s father.

“We pay our greetings to Saint Liu.” Everyone quickly bowed.

Saint Liu nodded his head before he turned to look at Mu Xueling, “He blinded the Ming Cult’s genius, and you should be able to understand my son’s decision to keep him around for a few days to wait for the arrival of Ming Cult’s elders.”

“Get them to come to the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion, then.” Mu Xueling said coldly, completely ignoring what Saint Liu said.

Saint Liu was briefly stunned because he never expected that Mu Xueling wouldn’t give him any face, and this was the first time everyone felt Mu Xueling’s overbearing demeanor.

All the guests were shocked and began to wonder who said the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion had declined. Their Saint Elder dared to be so domineering in the Liu Saint Clan’s residence, and she didn’t place Saint Liu in her eyes.

“Jiang Yu, come here.” Mu Xueling didn’t care if Saint Liu agreed, and her gaze turned to Jiang Yu. This made Jiang Yu freeze, and his body started trembling.

“S-Saint Elder, I-I…” Jiang Yu stuttered, and he couldn’t articulate his words properly.

“I told you to come here and didn’t allow you to speak.” Mu Xueling said, looking at Jiang Yu. This made everyone feel a chill run down their spines, and they were shocked by the aura she was giving off.

Lin Yun was also shocked because he had never expected Mu Xueling to be so terrifying. After recalling how he teased her back then, Lin Yun couldn’t help having some lingering fear, and he instantly decided not to provoke her in the future.

Yue Weiwei’s attention was on Lin Yun this entire time. So when she saw Lin Yun taking a peek at Mu Xueling, she instantly knew what was in his mind, and she couldn’t help smiling. When she smiled, her eyes became two crescent moons that made her look adorable.

But only a few people paid attention to her smile, since everyone was focused on Jiang Yu. As for the latter, he didn’t dare to look at Mu Xueling and turned to look at Saint Liu, asking for help.

“Saint Elder can leave with Lin Xiao. As for Jiang Yu, he’s a guest of my Liu Saint Clan and has to stay here for a few more days.” Saint Liu said. He knew that Jiang Yu probably came here to join them, and the Liu Saint Clan would lose their prestige if they couldn’t protect the latter.

Lin Xiao could leave, but Saint Liu couldn’t allow Mu Xueling to take Jiang Yu away. Furthermore, Saint Liu didn’t think Mu Xueling dared to forcibly take Jiang Yu away when she was alone. This was his confidence based on the Liu Saint Clan’s foundation that they had accumulated in the Heavenly Domain’s Unholy Sea over the years.

Mu Xueling didn’t argue with Saint Liu; she merely took out a medal before raising it up. The next second, the medal emitted a dazzling golden radiance, causing Saint Liu to close his eyes.

Once he gradually adapted to the dazzling radiance, Saint Liu opened his eyes. When he looked at the medal, he froze, before his face drastically changed. He and everyone else in the Liu Saint Clan, including the Wind Edge Lord, was dumbfounded. Everyone could feel a chill running down their spines, and their jaws nearly fell to the ground.

They couldn’t figure out how Mu Xueling came to possess that medal, and the Wind Edge Lord looked at the medal with disbelief in his pupils.