Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1720 – Imperial Dragon Order

Everyone was captivated by the gold medal in Mu Xueling’s hand. It practically contained the aura of the entire era and all the spiritual energy within a ten thousand mile radius submitted to it. The medal also appeared to contain the fortune of the whole Divine Dragon Era, like an abyss devouring the surrounding aura and making everyone’s breathing become hurried.

It was fine for those beneath the Saint Realm because they could only feel massive pressure crashing down on them. But for saints, their facial expressions changed to horror, as though their life and death were being controlled by that medal, and Mu Xueling could kill them anytime she wanted to. It felt as though their necks were being choked by an invisible hand.

“This can’t be…” Kong Ying, Xin Wuhen, and Xiahou Feng exchanged glances as they suddenly thought of something.

Lin Yun squinted his eyes, and his shock wasn’t any lighter than anyone else’s. He could sense a supreme dragon aura from the medal. The dragon's aura might be powerful, but it didn’t make him feel much pressure since he possessed the Blue Dragon Bone. Then again, under the terrifying dragon aura from the medal, Lin Yun realized that he couldn’t even release his Heavenly Dome Sword Intent.

But his Blue Dragon’s aura wasn’t affected because it was also a dragon’s aura; however the dragon aura contained within the medal was a hundred times stronger than his own. Even so, the Blue Dragon Bone wasn’t afraid of the dragon aura from the medal, which was why Lin Yun could maintain his composure.

“Don’t tell me that you don’t recognize this medal?” Mu Xueling said. She doesn’t know Saint Liu’s name and doesn’t address him as ‘Saint Liu’ like the others.

As Saint Liu’s face became pale, he said in a trembling voice, “The Imperial Dragon Order… How can you possibly possess the Imperial Dragon Order?! This should be in the hands of the Divine Dragon Empire’s empress, and seeing the medal is the same as seeing the empress…”

His voice gradually died down, and he fell onto the ground with his face drastically changing. The other members of the Liu Saint Clan also came to their senses and went on their knees, with their faces drastically changing.

“We pay our respects to the Supreme Empress of the Kunlun Realm. Long live the Empress!” They first went down on one knee before going down on two knees and performed a kowtow, looking petty before the Imperial Dragon Order.

Everyone from the Liu Saint Clan went down on their knees and performed a kowtow. When the other guests came to their senses, they also went down on one knee, but they weren’t as humble and grand as the Liu Saint Clan.

As for why? The Liu Saint Clan had a title conferred by the Empress, and they were absolutely loyal to the Empress. As for the other guests, they just had to show their respect for the Empress. After all, this was the Heavenly Domain’s Unholy Sea. Even those from the Ancient Barren Domain didn’t have much respect for the Divine Dragon Empire, not to mention the Heavenly Domain’s Unholy Sea.

“Get up.” Mu Xueling said.

When everyone got up, those from the Liu Saint Clan were still in deep shock. No matter how they racked their brains, they would never be able to think that Mu Xueling would possess the Imperial Dragon Order given by the Empress. The medal was a token of the Empress, and seeing the medal was the same as seeing the Empress. This was absolutely real, and no one in the Divine Dragon Empire dared to fake this medal, not to mention that it couldn’t be faked.

“Jiang Yu, come with me!” Mu Xueling said. She immediately left after she said that, with Lin Yun and Yue Weiwei quickly following behind her. As for Jiang Yu, he briefly hesitated before following behind Mu Xueling.

No one was able to expect that the West Garden Banquet would end in this manner. Lin Yun appeared at the banquet, stepping on everyone beneath his foot, and made the Wind Edge Lord’s plan of heading to the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion become a joke. Then, Mu Xueling appeared and caused a massive wave with the Imperial Dragon Order. This meant that the Liu Saint Clan would have to think twice if they wanted to stretch their claws towards the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion.

After leaving the Liu Saint Clan, Lin Yun raised his head and saw Gu Jun drinking wine outside the residence. This scene made the corner of his lips twitch because this meant that Gu Jun was never inside.

“You’ve been hiding outside the entire time?” Lin Yun questioned when Gu Jun walked over.

Gu Jun smiled, “If I didn’t inform Saint Elder, do you think you’d be able to come out of Liu Saint Clan’s residence?”

After sweeping his gaze to Jiang Yu, who was beside them, Gu Jun continued, “Grand Elder, so you’re also here!”

“You already knew that I was here?” Jiang Yu asked coldly, but Gu Jun merely replied with a smile.

“Let’s go.” Mu Xueling ignored the two and soared to the sky.

Four hours later, they stopped when they were about to enter the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion. Mu Xueling looked at Lin Yun and Yue Weiwei, “You two go in first.”

Hearing that made the uneasy Jiang Yu’s heart jolt. He asked, “Saint Elder, I still have some matters to attend to. Can I go first?”

On the other hand, Gu Jun merely looked at him and drank his wine quietly.

“There’s no need for you to hurry.” Mu Xueling replied. The calmer her facial expression was, the more uneasy Jiang Yu felt.

Lin Yun and Yue Weiwei exchanged glances before they calmly entered the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion. When they disappeared from Mu Xueling’s sight, Lin Yun suddenly felt someone hugging him from his back before he could respond.

“Big Brother Lin, when will you still hide from me?” Yue Weiwei said, leaning on Lin Yun’s back.

Lin Yun bitterly smiled when he heard that. When Yue Weiwei was done hugging him, he asked, “When did you discover my identity?”

“I had a speculation when you first played on the snowy mountain, and I slowly became even more certain that Lin Xiao is Lin Yun.” Yue Weiwei smiled, tilting her head to the side.

“Big Brother Lin, you’re here to see me, right? But you can’t reunite with me because of your identity.” Yue Weiwei smiled, and her pupils were filled with gentleness. But just when Lin Yun was about to reply, Yue Weiwei continued, “Big Brother Lin just has to say yes.”

“Yeah.” Lin Yun replied after a brief stun.

“Hehe. Big Brother Lin, you’re the best.” Yue Weiwei smiled before kissing Lin Yun. It was just a light peck to the lips, but it left ripples in Lin Yun’s heart. While Lin Yun was stunned, Yue Weiwei continued, “Big Brother Lin is now powerful in music dao.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Since you already found out about my true identity, why didn’t you reunite with me?” Lin Yun asked curiously.

“It’s fine this way. Not to mention I couldn’t be sure until you took out the Divine Indigo Jade Bamboo Flute. Big Brother Lin would be jealous if I hugged and kissed the wrong person, right?” Yue Weiwei replied.

Lin Yun pondered over what she said and found that it made sense. But when he raised his head, he saw a cunning light flashing across her pupils, and he instantly knew that she was teasing him.

“Big Brother Lin, did you know that Weiwei has much to tell you?” Yue Weiwei suddenly raised her head and looked at Lin Yun, her eyes becoming watery. But her feelings were genuine because she had a lot to share with Lin Yun.

She wanted to tell Lin Yun how much she missed him ever since they parted on the Heavenly Path and share how tough her time was in the Heavenly Domain’s Unholy Sea. She also wanted to tell Lin Yun how worried she was when she heard what happened in the Ancient Barren Battlefield. She had a lot of words, but she couldn’t say any after reuniting with Lin Yun. Looking at him, she no longer had any sadness and only had happiness in her heart.

“I know.” Lin Yun said, looking at Yue Weiwei.

Yue Weiwei smiled, wearing a naive smile on her enchanting face. The innocence on her face was the same as their first meeting by the lakeside many years ago. Just when they were going to be more intimate, footsteps resounded, and Yue Weiwei’s face changed before she obediently sat beside Lin Yun.

Mu Xueling came in, alternating her gaze between Lin Yun and Yue Weiwei. This made the two nervous, especially Yue Weiwei, who accidentally called ‘Lin Xiao’ Big Brother Lin. She knew that Mu Xueling must’ve sensed something.

“Follow me.” Mu Xueling said.

Lin Yun was briefly stunned because he didn’t expect Mu Xueling to not say anything about it, and even Yue Weiwei was surprised by this.

“Where are we going?” Lin Yun asked curiously.

“The Heavenly Fragrance Treasury. Since you’ve grasped the Saint Tone, it’s time for me to teach you. Perhaps there might be a pleasant surprise in the Nirvana Banquet.” Mu Xueling reply indicated that she didn’t hear Yue Weiwei addressing Lin Yun as Big Brother Lin.

“What about Elder Jiang?”

“He’s no longer an elder, and his cultivation is gone. From today onwards, there will be no Jiang Yu in the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion.” Mu Xueling replied as though she was saying something insignificant.

Lin Yun was shocked when he heard that because even though a pinnacle Samsara Edict Realm expert was crippled just like that, Mu Xueling didn’t even show any fluctuation in her emotions. Does Mu Xueling not have any emotions? Furthermore, how did she obtain the Imperial Dragon Order?

He had a lot of questions in his heart while following Mu Xueling to the Heavenly Fragrance Treasury.