Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1737 – Dual Moon Lake (1)

“Weiwei, let’s go. There’s no point in staying here.” Lin Yun said and stood up. Yue Weiwei nodded beside him, and she also slowly stood up.

“Lin Xiao!” When they stood up, Hua Hongyu screamed. She nearly went insane from her rage. This was the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion’s banquet, and everyone here was a music dao genius. There were also holy lands’ geniuses, including the young master of the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion. But Lin Yun didn’t give her any face and splashed wine on her. There was nothing more humiliating than this.

Everyone present was shocked. They were shocked when they looked at Lin Yun. They never expected him to be so barbaric, and this was too ruthless. His temper was a little too foul. Many people unhappily furrowed their brows at this scene because Lin Yun’s action was no different from a barbarian.

“Ha. Someone like him can represent the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion? It looks like the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion has really declined.” Bai Yunfei said with disdain as he gulped down the wine in his cup.

A person landed beside Hua Hongyu and helped her clean up. This person was Qin Hao of the Heavenly Flame Sect. It was a half-disclosed secret to everyone here that Hua Hongyu was his woman.

Qin Hao was already furious when Lin Yun rebuked Hua Hongyu earlier, but he couldn’t be bothered by the barbarian. But Lin Yun was simply too much this time.

“I’m fine.” Hua Hongyu squeezed out a smile.

As the rage of flames blazed within his pupils, Qin Hao raised his head, “Lin Xiao, get your ass over here and apologize! Otherwise, I won’t let this matter rest!”

He had a terrifying strength and was a genius of the Heavenly Flame Sect. Now that he was furious, he emitted a terrifying aura with his dragon origin boiling. His gaze was glued on Lin Yun, looking as though he would launch his attack the next moment if Lin Yun dared to say another word.

The Heavenly Dao Sect, Ming Cult, Divine Phoenix Mountain, Divine Dao Pavilion, and Myriad Lightning Sect’s geniuses were looking at Lin Yun with interest in their pupils. Even Jiang Yingtian, who was in the main seat, furrowed his brows, and he was worried about how to resolve this matter.

“What if I refuse?” Lin Yun calmly looked at Qin Hao without any fear in his pupils.

“Ha. You’d already be a dead person if we’re not in the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion. A barbarian like you dares to be so arrogant? We’re letting you apologize by giving you a chance.” A youth said as he drank. This person was Zhang Ying, a genius of the Divine Dao Pavilion. The Divine Dao Pavilion was famed for their spiritual runes, which naturally meant their disciples had horrifying mental cultivation.

Based on Zhang Ying’s terrifying mental cultivation, he was a popular candidate for obtaining first during this Nirvana Banquet.

“Brother Zhang is right.” The Myriad Lightning Sect’s Chen Jun said, lowering his cup. “If we’re not in the Nirvana Banquet, you wouldn’t even qualify to step into this place. Letting the Profound Fairy perform should be an honor to your Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion.”

“If Profound Fairy is willing to dance, I believe Brother Qin will give me face and put this matter to rest.” The Ming Cult’s Li Yuxi said with his eyes were glued on Yue Weiwei.

Hearing what Li Yuxi said, Qin Hao was briefly stunned. His face changed, but he couldn’t refute Li Yuxi’s words. With that, only the Divine Phoenix Mountain and Heavenly Dao Sect were the only ones amongst the six holy lands that didn’t say a word. As for the other four holy lands, they all joined hands to pressure Lin Yun.

After all, they were geniuses of the holy lands and would naturally compete amongst themselves. This was because they were in the same circle. Even if they had no personal relationship, they wouldn’t help an outsider.

As for the few hundred people at the banquet, none of them dared to stay a word because the atmosphere was too terrifying.

“Profound Fairy, what do you think?” Li Yuxi asked, seeing Yue Weiwei not saying anything. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Am I familiar with you?” Yue Weiwei’s pupils flashed with a cold light. She was clearly unhappy.

Li Yuxi was briefly stunned when he heard what Yue Weiwei said before he furiously slammed his palm down. The entire zither was snapped into two, and anyone could tell how furious Li Yuxi was. He was a genius of a holy land, and yet this was what he received when he asked politely. This was simply a humiliation to him.

“Ha. As expected of the Profound Fairy.” Hua Hongyu snickered on purpose.

“Shut it!” Lin Yun coldly looked at Hua Hongyu. This woman was vicious and repeatedly tried to cause trouble when it had nothing to do with her. If he could, Lin Yun would’ve taught her a lesson long ago, and his face was terrifyingly dark.

“Big Brother Lin.” Yue Weiwei held onto Lin Yun’s hand. She knew Lin Yun was here for the Azure Dragon’s lineage and was trying to tell him not to be impulsive. It would be terrible if he messed up his matter.

“Ladies and gentlemen, can you guys give me some face and put this matter to rest?” Jiang Yingtian finally couldn’t keep watching any longer. If he didn’t speak out, a fight might break out right here, and the entire Nirvana Banquet would be destroyed.

“Hmph.” Li Yuxi glared at Lin Yun before he left. When he stood up, the few from the holy lands also left.

“I’ll give the young master a face and not hold it against you. I hope that you don’t run into me tomorrow.” Qin Hao said before leaving with Hua Hongyu and those from the Myriad Flowers Hall.

“Weiwei seems to have caused trouble for you.” Yue Weiwei smiled.

“Don’t be so sure about that. Who knows who’s in trouble?” Lin Yun said without any fear in his tone. Did these people really think he was a pushover just because he wasn’t from a holy land? Qin Hao even said not to run into him? Where did he get the confidence to say those words?

“Young Master.” When Lin Yun was about to leave, he suddenly recalled something and turned to Jiang Yingtian, “Thanks for today.”

He might not be afraid of those people, but he naturally had to express his gratitude since Jiang Yingtian helped him. Lin Yun still had a distinct recognition of who was the enemy and who was a friend.

Jiang Yingtian smiled, “It’s understandable. Brother Lin doesn’t have to be worried. No one can touch you in the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion, and my father holds high hopes for you.”

The pavilion master took note of him. This was good because it showed that the Nirvana Banquet paid no attention to the background and only music dao. They were generous to music dao geniuses, so if he could form a relationship with them, it was a piece of good news, regardless of whether the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion was part of the Azure Dragon’s lineage.

“It’s my honor.” Lin Yun smiled before leaving with Yue Weiwei.

The Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion’s chief disciple, Yan Tianchen, briefly stayed before leaving. The others from the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion hesitated, but they ultimately decided to stay. After all, they weren’t done enjoying the wine at this banquet.