Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1738 – Dual Moon Lake (2)

“Big Brother Lin, you were too impulsive earlier.” Yue Weiwei smiled, looking at Lin Yun.

“I’m not the impulsive one. I just don’t want what happened on the Heavenly Path to be re-enacted. You suffered a lot back then, so you just have to stand behind me in the Kunlun Realm.” Lin Yun said.

Yue Weiwei was stunned when she heard Lin Yun mention the Heavenly Path. It was perilous back then for both of them, and Yue Weiwei had never encountered such danger since her birth.

“Big Brother Lin, it’s still early. Why don’t we go and look for the Three-Lives Tree?” Yue Weiwei smiled, recollecting her thoughts.

“Okay.” Lin Yun nodded.

Like that, they both strolled into the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion, enjoying the surrounding scenery. They ran into many ancient trees along the way, but not the legendary Three-Lives Tree. In the end, they had no choice but to ask a Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion’s disciple about the location of the Three-Lives Tree. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Haha. The Three-Lives Tree is in the Dual Moon Lake, and it’s hard to see it around here, normally. You two are lovers, right? You can take a stroll at the Dual Moon Lake.” The Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion’s disciple smiled with a wink.

The female disciple behind him wore a weird expression while looking at her junior brother. But she ultimately said nothing.

Nevertheless, Lin Yun had a keen sense and asked, “Oh? Is there something wrong?”

But that Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion’s disciple still wore a smile, and he replied, “The Dual Moon Lake might be a little far from here, but the scenery is good, and there aren’t many people over there. It’s not easy to cross the lake. But there’s a legend that if you can hold hands and reach the lake’s heart, any wish you make will come true and can ensure that your love will be long-lasting.”

Lin Yun fell into deep thoughts when he heard that. He could tell that something wasn’t right somewhere, but he couldn’t describe where the problem was.

“Let’s go and take a look.” Yue Weiwei said, to which Lin Yun nodded his head in agreement.

“Thanks.” The two thanked him before heading towards the Dual Moon Lake.

When they were far away, Lin Yun could faintly hear the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion’s disciple laughing out loud, and the other disciple was reprimanding him. They even said that it would be good if they could break them apart, and that Lin Yun was a scumbag at first glance.

It was just as that disciple said. The path toward the Dual Moon Lake was remote, and they crossed several mountains before they stood before it. When they saw the Dual Moon Lake, their eyes lit up, and they were shocked by the scenery before them.

“Big Brother Lin, it’s so beautiful.” Yue Weiwei exclaimed.

The clear blue lake was like a mirror. It looked like a gigantic sapphire stone embedded in the ground. But what was even more breathtaking was that there were two moons in the lake. One was the one that already existed on the lake’s heart, and the other was a reflection of the lake in the sky. One could see three moons if one stood at the lake’s heart.

But what made Lin Yun alert was that there was not a single person there despite the beautiful scenery. The path here may be remote, but it would only take some time for a Dragon Pulse Realm expert.

When Lin Yun and Yue Weiwei raised their heads, they saw a stage on the lake’s heart, and an ancient zither was on it.

“Big Brother Lin, why don’t we go and make a wish?” Yue Weiwei said with excitement as she looked at the lake’s heart.

“Wait.” Lin Yun stopped her, and he said, “Let me check it with the Sword Heart first.”

Lin Yun activated the Sword Heart, and white light shone from his heart. It was glittering, looking like a diamond engraved on his heart.

The Sword Heart could be considered an inner heart, and Lin Yun could see many details that couldn’t be seen through the naked eye.

But what he saw with his Sword Heart was even more beautiful than the naked eyes. This instantly made his heart sink. He could see a gorgeous tree within the moon on the lake’s heart. The tree was beautiful, looking like a goddess at the bottom of the lake.

Because there was a layer of lakewater, he couldn’t see the actual appearance of the Three-Lives Tree with the Sword Heart. It looked like there was a layer of fog covering it.

When he opened his eyes a moment later, he said, “It’s safe. We can go over there now.”

Aside from the Three-Lives Tree, he couldn’t detect anything else with the Sword Heart. But he didn’t notice that when he activated the Sword Heart, an old man opened his eyes in a secret realm hidden at the bottom of the lake. Before this old man, there was a medal enveloped in lightning, unleashing unprecedented lightning flickers.

Right then, a person descended from the sky, and this person was Mu Xueling. Lin Yun and Yue Weiwei were shocked, especially Yue Weiwei, who looked bashful. It was as though they were caught when they were doing something bad.

“Saint Elder, why are you here?” Lin Yun asked.

“I’m always around and witnessed what you did at the banquet.” Mu Xueling replied.

Yue Weiwei wasn’t surprised and smiled, “Senior Sister, this is the Dual Moon Lake. Big Brother Lin and I are going to make our wish.”

“If the wish will come true, why isn’t there anyone here, then?” Mu Xueling asked, without any change in her expression, looking at the lake.

That question stumped Yue Weiwei, and Lin Yun also couldn’t figure it out. Just when Lin Yun was about to ask, Mu Xueling said, “The Dual Moon Lake is famous in the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion. The reason it's famous isn’t that it can make wishes come true, but because only two who are genuinely in love can reach the lake’s heart while holding hands. Otherwise, they will be sent out by the Three-Lives Tree. Those who are sent out are those who aren’t loyal in love.”

“No wonder there’s no one here. I bet a lot of people failed.” Lin Yun said.

“That’s right. Not just anyone can come here because the outcome will be terrible if one fails. If it’s a scumbag…” Mu Xueling looked at Lin Yun when she said that.

This made the corner of Lin Yun’s lips twitch. Why was Mu Xueling looking at him?

“Big Brother Lin isn’t a scumbag. Big Brother Lin, let’s go.” Yue Weiwei turned to Lin Yun and wore an innocent smile. She asked, “Big Brother Lin, we won’t fail, right?”

Anyone could tell that this lass wasn’t simple with her intentions.

“Don’t force yourself.” Mu Xueling said indifferently.

One side was Mu Xueling's disdainful gaze, and the other was Yue Weiwei’s seemingly naive yet cunning smile. Lin Yun would be lying if he said he wasn’t in a difficult position.