Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1739 – Azure Dragon's Lineage

When he looked at the sapphire lake, Lin Yun fell into deep thoughts and wasn’t in a hurry to reply. A brief moment later, he asked, “How does Saint Elder know about these secrets?”

“From books. But it cannot be considered a secret because almost all the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion’s disciples know about it.” Mu Xueling said.

Hearing that, Lin Yun finally knew why the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion’s disciple was wearing such a weird expression earlier. Everything made sense now.

“Let’s go.” Lin Yun said without hesitation. He was curious about the Three-Lives Tree at the bottom of the lake. This was the legendary ancient divine tree, and one could find their past, present, and future from it. This signified that this tree grasped the dao of space and time.

“Big Brother Lin, you’re really not going to reconsider?” Yue Weiwei smiled.

“There’s no need.” Lin Yun said firmly.

“Mhm?” This made Yue Weiwei and Mu Xueling surprised instead.

Holding onto Yue Weiwei’s hand, Lin Yun walked on the surface of the sapphire lake. When he stepped on the lake, he could sense warm light enveloping his hand.

“How beautiful.” Yue Weiwei was breath-taken by the beautiful scenery while holding onto Lin Yun’s hand. The sky and lake were blue. When moonlight from the moon in the lake and sky intertwined, it created a beautiful and dreamy scenery on the lake. This gave everyone a misperception, not knowing if they were standing on the lake or sky.

The surrounding scenery was unbelievably beautiful, and it couldn’t be simply described with words. As they slowly walked on the lake, ripples would spread out on the lake’s surface with every step, and the ripples would spread out in the form of rings.

When Lin Yun walked on it and didn’t sense any danger, he breathed a sigh of relief for some reason.

“Hehe. Big Brother Lin seems nervous.” Yue Weiwei held onto Lin Yun’s hand, and she looked charming when the moonlight shone on her fair skin.

“It’s nothing.” Lin Yun smiled, calming himself down. But when he turned back, his face changed because he saw a familiar figure at the bottom of the lake. It was Su Ziyao, whom he hadn’t met for a long time.

While Lin Yun was being stunned, he could sense a surge of killing intent at the bottom of the lake, and he could see a tree branch lashing over with the Sword Heart. Before Yue Weiwei could react, Lin Yun embraced her before kissing her.

“Hmph. Men.” Mu Xueling snickered by the lakeside.

As ripples spread across the lake’s surface, a tree branch flew out before lashing toward Lin Yun. Everything happened too quickly, and Lin Yun leaped to the sky with Yue Weiwei before using his fingers as a sword and severing the incoming tree branch with his Heavenly Dome Sword Intent.

When Lin Yun landed on the lake’s surface again, the lake had calmed down. On the other hand, Yue Weiwei felt a little dizzy from the sudden kiss. Her cheeks became rosy as though she was drunk, and she looked at Lin Yun, “Big Brother Lin, that’s too sudden.”

“Let’s go.” Lin Yun smiled and carried on forth.

“Okay.” Yue Weiwei obediently nodded her head before glancing back without anyone noticing.

As ripples continued to spread across the lake’s surface, moonlight shone down as they continued forth. When Lin Yun came to a stop again, a face suddenly appeared in the lake once more. It was his senior sister back in the Firmament Sword Pavilion, Ye Xinyan. Looking at this face, Lin Yun couldn’t help but be dazed because it had been long since he saw Ye Xinyan. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Big Brother Lin, what are you looking at?” Yue Weiwei blinked her eyes, and she looked at the lake’s surface. She couldn’t see anything aside from the moonlight shining down.

“It’s nothing.” Lin Yun was finally clear he was the only one who could see it. He then flicked his finger with his left hand and severed another tree branch that had just broken out from the lake’s surface.

“Let’s go.” Lin Yun didn’t take long to see another person on the lake’s surface, it was An Liuyan. His face was calm this time, and he roughly knew what was going on with this Dual Moon Lake. But under the Sword Heart, the Three-Lives Tree couldn’t harm him.

When they were close to the lake’s heart, Lin Yun finally breathed a breath of relief. But when he lowered his head to look at the lake’s surface, he saw a face he had never expected, Mu Xueling. He was stumped this time, since this made no sense. If those women before had some relation with him, it made no sense for Mu Xueling to appear.

This was why he was stumped and couldn’t figure it out. Yue Weiwei smiled, “Big Brother Lin, who did you see?”

“No one.” Lin Yun came to his senses and stepped on the lake’s heart with Yue Weiwei. The tree branch that was assaulting them also quietly retracted.

“It looks like there are no difficulties.” Lin Yun smiled.

On the other hand, Yue Weiwei was in disbelief as she said, “We really reached the lake’s heart?”

“You already know the secret of the Dual Moon Lake, right?” Lin Yun smiled.

“Why don’t you take a guess?” Yue Weiwei smiled cunningly.

Lin Yun smiled, but didn’t dwell on that. Seated before the stage, Lin Yun took a deep breath before he started playing the zither. The music on the Dual Moon Lake added a serene atmosphere to the dreamy surroundings.

When Lin Yun played the zither, he didn’t play any specific song. What he saw along the way were people important to him, and he couldn’t sever them from his life. Regardless of anyone, he once shared a beautiful memory with them.

He missed his Senior Sister Xinyan, Su Ziyao, and An Liuyan, who forked out so much for him without saying anything. As for Mu Xueling, it was really unexpected, and he had no idea why she would appear.

What is love? Lin Yun’s heart gradually became a mess as the faces of Su Ziyao, Yue Weiwei, An Liuyan, and Ye Xinyan began to alternate within his mind.

On the other hand, Yue Weiwei just stood there listening to the music and gently placed her right hand on Lin Yun’s arm. When the music ended, Lin Yun felt a little more relieved. He realized that the four women were important people in his life.

“It became clearer at the end. This means Big Brother Lin must’ve thought it through, right?” Yue Weiwei smiled.

Placing both of his hands on the zither, Lin Yun turned to look at the sapphire lake, and he said, “There are some things in this world that are destined to never be figured out.”

“Big Brother Lin, Weiwei will always stand by you, no matter what you think or what happens.” Yue Weiwei suddenly held onto Lin Yun’s hand.

Lin Yun’s heart throbbed because Yue Weiwei was brilliant, and she definitely knew many things. After all, there was no way he could conceal what he did earlier from Yue Weiwei, which was clearly a sign that she didn’t mind that. This suddenly made him feel complicated. He wanted to grab her hand, but when he looked at Yue Weiwei’s gaze as if she was saying that she would stand by his side no matter what happened, he couldn’t help feeling heartache. He began to wonder if he deserved Yue Weiwei.

“It’s getting late. So let us return.” Lin Yun squeezed out a smile and suppressed the feelings in his heart.

“Okay.” Yue Weiwei had a meticulous heart and noticed Lin Yun’s emotions.

When they returned to the lakeside, Lin Yun couldn’t help feeling weird when he saw Mu Xueling and thought of her face appearing on the lake at the end. He smiled, “I’ll get going first. See you two tomorrow.”

When Mu Xueling and Yue Weiwei were left, Yue Weiwei looked at Lin Yun’s silhouette before asking, “Senior Sister, how many are there?”

Mu Xueling merely raised three fingers. Looking at the three fingers, Yue Weiwei smiled, “It looks like Big Brother Lin has a lot of people in his heart.”

She knew about the secret of the Dual Moon Lake, and she brought him here on purpose. But gradually, she couldn’t help looking concerned and said, “But Big Brother Lin doesn’t seem happy. Even though I don’t mind.”

“What if he does?” Mu Xueling replied.

Those words made Yue Weiwei’s heart tremble, and she instantly figured it out. But when she looked at Lin Yun’s departing silhouette, she couldn’t help feeling terrible for him. With a smile, she said, “Senior Sister, let us get going. Big Brother Lin still has to participate in the Nirvana Banquet tomorrow.”

When no one else was at the Dual Moon Lake, a dragon roar echoed from the bottom of the lake, and a dragon enveloped in a thunderstorm broke out from the lake’s surface. Then, the dragon transformed into a middle-aged man. This middle-aged man looked prestigious and emitted a horrifying aura. The aura that he gave off far surpassed any saints.

“Old Patriarch!” Far away, the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion’s pavilion master opened his eyes with his face changed. He quickly rushed over and soon appeared at the Dual Moon Lake.

When he saw the middle-aged man, he asked in shock, “Old Patriarch, why have you come out?”

It had been at least a thousand years since the old patriarch appeared. The last time he appeared was when the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion was in a crisis, and he had no choice but to show himself.

The middle-aged man looked in a particular direction before he muttered, “The Wind God Order has appeared.”

The face of the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion’s pavilion master changed when he heard that. He couldn’t help lowering his voice and asked, “Are you sure about that?”

When the Wind God Order and Thunder God Order combine, it’d form the supreme token of the Azure Dragon’s lineage, the Divine Azure Order. Back then, when the Dragon Gate was destroyed, the Azure Dragon’s lineage hid themselves, and it had been a hundred thousand years since then.

The Azure Dragon’s lineage had a strong foundation because they controlled the Dragon Gate for many years. But over the past hundred thousand years, it was divided into various factions, and some factions were destroyed.

Some tried to reunite them, and they would be more terrifying than any holy land in the world if the entire Azure Dragon’s lineage came together. But no one had the rightful rights without the Divine Azure Order. Thus, the multiple attempts to reunite the Azure Dragon’s lineage failed.

Seeing the Old Patriarch falling into silence, the pavilion master knew that it was probably true. After a brief shock, the pavilion master became excited because many inheritances and treasuries of the Azure Dragon’s lineage required the Divine Azure Order. If they could reunite the Azure Dragon’s lineage, everyone in the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion would benefit.

“Who is it?” The pavilion master asked. But a brief moment later, the pavilion master replied, “It’s actually him? That lad provoked a lot of people, and he’ll probably be in trouble tomorrow. Should I help him?”

“Not now.” The middle-aged man replied. “Since he’s here for the Nirvana Banquet, we’ll have to see if he’s worthy of possessing the Divine Azure Order. After all, more troubles are waiting for him beyond that.”

“Okay.” The pavilion master nodded after a brief consideration.