Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1776 – Scarlet Flame Vortex

According to the rules of the Martial Dao Tea Party, with Sikong Yuan’s defeat, the winner couldn’t leave right after, so the Ming Cult could continue sending people out. Simply put, this was a chance for them to take revenge. If the other forces wanted to challenge Lin Yun, they would have to wait.

Everyone initially thought the Ming Cult’s Yu Wenxiu would continue to send people out after Sikong Yuan’s defeat. But they were surprised to see that Yu Wenxiu didn’t say a word, and he even shook his head towards the other geniuses of the Ming Cult when they asked him about it.

“Heavenly Flame Sect’s Yang Yu is here to challenge the champion of the Nirvana Banquet!” A long time later, the other holy lands’ geniuses finally couldn’t hold it back any longer. Yang Yu was ranked eighty-seventh on the Dragon Pulse Ranking and was ten rankings higher than Sikong Yuan. Even in the Heavenly Flame Sect, he had a high ranking.

As soon as he went on the stage, he unleashed his Flame Intent that swept towards Lin Yun with a heatwave, and the flames on him were like meteorites soaring to the sky.

In an instant, the Thunderblood Square was enveloped in flames. Facing the boundless flames, Lin Yun only pushed his palm out. A dragon roar accompanied his palm, and the violent gale was like sharp blades slicing apart the flames. The wind wasn’t blowing on the fire but cutting them like sharp claws.

“Radiating Nine Suns!” Yang Yu’s heart clenched because Lin Yun’s Azure Dragon Intent was too powerful. So he immediately used his ultimate move without hesitation, wanting to end this battle quickly.

As nine golden suns flew out from his palm, the suns began to overlap into a gigantic flaming palm. The palm was covered with saint runes, with nine halos rising to the sky. This palm was strong, and he didn’t hold back with this strike.

Lin Yun’s Sword Heart detected six flaws in Yang Yu’s attack. The Azure Dragon Grasp, Divine Solar Lunar Fist, and Soaring Divine Dragon instantly appeared in his mind because those attacks could resolve Yang Yu’s attack, but he soon shook his head.

Soaring to the sky, he spread his arms apart and summoned the Flower Burial Sword to his hand. When he swung his sword forth, the palm that had nine suns overlapping together was instantly crushed. The saint runes in the flaming palm were also destroyed, and the dragon origin and Flame Intent in this attack also crumbled.

“What the hell?” Yang Yu was dumbfounded because his ultimate attack was so easily resolved. Raising his hand, he pushed his palm forth again, and Lin Yun easily destroyed his attack with a sword.

As Lin Yun took a step forth, he crossed a few hundred meters with one step and appeared before Yang Yu. This startled Yang Yu, who quickly clasped his hands together, circulating his dragon origin. Flames swept out from his body and formed into halos that were engraved with golden runes.

They were all the Great Sun Saint Rune, and these saint runes were powerful. One would be heavily injured by this attack if one wasn't careful. Not only could this attack be used to defend, but it could also be used to attack.

He was confident that even if Lin Yun’s sword was fast, he wouldn’t dare to get close, giving him an opportunity if Lin Yun retreated. But he ultimately belittled Lin Yun and also the Flower Burial Sword.

When the halos were cut apart like beancurd and the Great Sun Saint Runes were about to explode, Lin Yun flicked his wrist, and his sword ray cut the saint runes into fragments. So before those saint runes could do anything, they exploded like fireworks.

Meanwhile, the corner of Yang Yu’s lip twitched when he saw this scene. When he came to his senses, he surrendered without any hesitation, “You won.”

There was no longer any meaning in continuing the fight, since his ultimate moves were nothing before Lin Yun’s sword. When he conceded, an uproar broke out around the Thunderstorm Square.

“So Lin Xiao is a swordsman!”

“He just can’t be bothered to draw his sword against Sikong Yuan.”

“Sikong Yuan and Yang Yu aren’t weak, but they’re too weak when compared to Lin Xiao. It looks like he has yet to display his full strength.”

All of the gazes fell onto Lin Yun, and they became nervous. Even the holy lands’ geniuses fell silent, and no one made a move. Since no one stood out, this meant Lin Yun didn’t have to oblige the unspoken rules any longer and could leave. He would have to call someone out to challenge him if he didn't want to go.

Right then, a person stood out from the Divine Phoenix Mountain’s pavilion, “Champion of the Nirvana Banquet, I never expected you to have such eye-opening swordsmanship along with your music dao. I’m Zhang Yu of the Divine Phoenix Mountain. Please enlighten me!”

When he appeared in the Thunderblood Battlestage, it immediately caused an uproar, and everyone felt that the Martial Dao Tea Party was gradually reaching the peak. This was because Zhang Yu was ranked thirty-seventh on the Dragon Pulse Ranking.

Being in the top hundredth on the Dragon Pulse Ranking was considered a hurdle, and the top fiftiy was another hurdle. Anyone who could make it into the top fifty was a monster among geniuses, and their dragon pulses were at least two thousand feet, not to mention there was no lack of those who hid their strengths.

Sikong Yuan and Yuan Hao might be strong, but they were only in the top hundredth on the Dragon Pulse Ranking and couldn’t be compared to Zhang Yu. As a genius amongst the younger generation of the Divine Phoenix Mountain, Zhang Yu was pretty famous. Many people felt that he could succeed Ji Lingfeng after reaching the Samsara Edict Realm.

At that time, Zhang Yu would most likely be the strongest in the Dragon Pulse Realm in the Divine Phoenix Mountain. It was so much so that many people felt Zhang Yu had hidden his strength well and his ranking was too low.

“Zhang Yu of the Divine Phoenix Mountain actually stepped out.”

“Zhang Yu has a good chance of being in the top ten, but he’s forced to step out so early. We can only say that Lin Xiao gave the holy lands a lot of pressure.”

“Lin Xiao isn’t bad. I guess Zhang Yu’s opponents can rejoice now since they can see his trump cards in advance.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“It looks like it’s time for Lin Xiao’s winning streak to end by facing Zhang Yu.”

“Being first on the Nirvana Banquet, it isn’t easy for him to come this far.” Discussions erupted from the surroundings, but no one was optimistic about Lin Yun’s outcome. After all, Zhang Yu was a monstrous genius from the Divine Phoenix Mountain and was practically second to Ji Lingfeng.

“Looks like Zhang Yu will be able to force Lin Xiao to bring out his limit.” The Ming Cult’s Yu Wenxiu smiled.

Ji Lingfeng was silent and didn’t say a word. He would be an awkward situation, regardless of who won the battle, so he could only hope that Zhang Yu would be the one who wins.

“Senior Sister, who do you think can win the fight?” Ye Ziling asked suddenly.

“I have a feeling it’s Lin Xiao.” Mu Xueqin replied softly.

Ye Ziling maintained her silence, but she felt that Lin Xiao had more odds of winning. Surprisingly, Mu Xueling also felt the same way. One must know that no one was optimistic about Lin Xiao, and they all thought he would lose.

“You have already done well coming this far on the Martial Dao Tea Party while being first on the Nirvana Banquet. But you won’t be my opponent.” Zhang Yu said. He had two goals in coming to the Martial Dao Tea Party this time, to reach the top twenty or top fifteen if there was an opportunity.

“Many people said have that to me, but they all lost.” Lin Yun smiled.

"That definitely doesn't include me!" Zhang Yu looked serious and dashed towards Lin Yun.

He already noticed that Lin Yun had a strong physique and recovery ability. So he didn’t hold back and executed the ultimate technique of the Divine Phoenix Mountain, the Divine Flaming Fist. This martial technique required high Flame Intent to practice, along with the Divine Phoenix Mountain cultivation technique to pair with it. So his his punch was naturally terrifying, like an ocean of flames rumbling forth, causing the surrounding space to tremble.

Simultaneously, nine dragon pulses appeared behind him, and each dragon pulse reached an astonishing height of two thousand feet.

“Azure Dragon Claw!” Lin Yun had no hesitation in drawing the Flower Burial Sword. His sword was like an azure dragon’s claw, enveloped in thunderstorms and slashing forth with an ancient dragon aura. He easily resolved Zhang Yu’s attack, showing that they were evenly matched in this confrontation.

“Impressive.” Zhang Yu was indifferent, having already expected this. Without any fancy tricks, a sea of flames boiled beneath his feet, before he threw another punch. This time, his attack was as massive as a hundred feet. The flames rumbled like a majestic wall, accompanied by a great suppression.

But Lin Yun faced it head-on, unleashing a ten-odd foot-long sword rays that lashed out like a dragon’s tail, releasing a violent gale and lightning in the path. Before the wave of flames created by Zhang Yu could even descend, it was already sliced into two, and the shattered sword rays fluctuated.

Those watching this battle were alarmed because just the shockwave from their attacks alone was enough to heavily injure anyone outside the top hundred on the Dragon Pulse Ranking. But their shock didn’t affect the ongoing battle. They had exchanged ten-odd moves in the blink of an eye.

Zhang Yu was knocked back by this sword and took several steps back. But when he was in mid-air, he suddenly charged forth. When he pressed his palm down, a majestic crushing force came along, and the sea of flames turned into a giant vortex of fire.

“Scarlet Flames Vortex!” When Zhang Yu clenched his fist and threw out a mouth, it felt like everything was sucked in by this punch. This was one of the three ultimate moves of the Divine Flame Fist, and it displayed great power in the hands of Zhang Yu.

“Azure Dragon Horns!” Lin Yun merely glanced at it. This attack from Zhang Yu was strong, and no other sword forms besides the Azure Dragon Horns could easily resolve this attack. Executing the Divine Sunchasing Art, Lin Yun left behind afterimages and found a flaw in the vortex with his Sword Heart before stabbing forth.

Everything happened in the blink of an eye, and a dragon roar echoed when he stabbed the Flower Burial Sword forth. His sword ray manifested into a horn enveloped in lightning, piercing through the vortex.

“H-How did you manage to do it?” Zhang Yu was shocked.

“Let me return it to you with an attack!” Lin Yun’s sword aura surged, and he swung his sword forth, executing the Azure Dragon Scales. He unleashed densely packed sword rays that looked like dragon scales enveloping Zhang Yu.

“What pitiful tricks!” Zhang Yu burst into flames, and a phoenix cry echoed from within his body. When he threw two punches, it made others feel like a volcano had erupted.

When the punches and dragon scales clashed, sparks flew around, and a terrifying shockwave enveloped the entire Thunderblood Battlestage.

“Azure Dragon Eyes!” The Flower Burial Sword emitted a dazzling brilliance, and the world became dark, with the sword becoming the only light source.

Zhang Yu couldn’t help raising his head to look at the radiance, and he immediately felt a stinging pain in his eyes. He immediately had a bad feeling, and quickly retreated. When the sky lit up the horizon, a sword gash appeared on his chest as he fled a few hundred meters away.

“What sword technique is that?”

“That’s the Dragon Clan’s sword technique, right? But can it be used like this?”

“Zhang Yu doesn’t seem to have had an advantage from the beginning to the end of the battle.” Everyone at Thunderstorm Square was shocked by Lin Yun’s strength.

“It looks like there’s nothing impressive about the Divine Phoenix Mountain.” Yu Wenxiu of the Ming Cult smiled.

“Zhang Yu, let’s stop here.” Ji Lingfeng said with an ugly expression when he heard Yu Wenxiu’s mockery. He could already tell that Zhang Yu wasn’t Lin Xiao’s opponent, and it was pointless to continue fighting.

“Senior Brother, the outcome still isn’t decided yet. There’s no need for me to stop here. Give me some more time, and I’ll surely defeat him!” Zhang Yu said with reluctance.

In the end, Ji Lingfeng silently nodded his head.

When Zhang Yu turned back to look at Lin Yun, he said, “Your sword technique is weird, but it’s a cheap trick to think that you can defeat me with it!”

“It’s not a cheap trick, but the Dragon Clan’s sword technique.” Lin Yun replied.

“Let’s stop talking nonsense and talk again after taking this move of mine. With this move, I will defeat you!” Zhang Yu’s state of mind was in a mess, and he naturally became irritable.