Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1785 - Phoenix Beneath The Phoenix Tree

As for the Wind Edge Lord who was sent flying with a slap, he crawled up from the ground and looked at Lin Yun’s direction in a daze. His gaze was filled with bewilderment. He never thought that he would be defeated by Lin Yun. Even if he was defeated by Ji Lingfeng or the other Four Young Masters, he wouldn’t feel so terrible.

But he couldn’t accept being defeated by Lin Yun, especially that last slap. That slap was no different from humiliating him, and this had thoroughly detonated the fury within his heart. But this was the Martial Dao Tea Party, and he couldn’t vent out his rage.

“Good. I will remember the shame you gave me today!” The Wind Edge Lord held onto his face and gritted his teeth, looking at Lin Yun.

On the other hand, Lin Yun was calm and wasn’t afraid. He knew that the Wind Edge Lord was a narrow-minded person, and the reason why he wanted to challenge him was to humiliate him. So there was no need for him to let him off so easy. Not to mention they already had a feud between them.

Even without the Martial Dao Tea Party today, the Wind Edge Lord would find other excuses to come after him. Back at the West Garden Banquet, it wasn’t because the Wind Edge Lord was generous to let him go, but it was because of the Saint Elder’s Imperial Dragon Order.

“Come at me, then.” Lin Yun replied before leaving the stage. He had no intention of fighting again.

The Wind Edge Lord still wanted to say something, but he could only suck it up when the Autumn Mountain Lord patted his shoulder. There was nothing he could do about it because he had already lost, and he would only make himself look like a sore loser if he continued to say anything.

The Wind Edge Lord was strong, grasping the Thunderstorm Intent. Not to mention he also had the Silver Dragon Saint Physique and the Dragon Clan’s martial techniques. He had far surpassed geniuses in the same generation, and some experts who had just made their breakthrough into the Samsara Edict Realm might not be his opponent. But it was a pity that Lin Yun was stronger than him.

The Unrivaled•Thunderstorm Slash is stronger than I expected, but this is only the beginning. I still have a long way to go… Lin Yun thought to himself, analyzing the battle with the Wind Edge Lord.

After he left the stage, the Martial Dao Tea Party continued. Today was the second day of this gathering. It was gradually coming to an end, and the rankings were pretty clear. The upcoming battles would be between those who were capable of competing for first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking.

“Divine Phoenix Mountain’s Ji Lingfeng, do you dare to accept my challenge?!” Several dull battles later, a loud voice shocked everyone. When they looked in the direction where the voice came from, it was Yi Feng of the Myriad Lightning Sect.

“Yi Feng wants to challenge Ji Lingfeng?”

“This is interesting. It appears that he's pretty determined to fight for first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking!”

“By far, only three people in the top ten haven’t lost a battle. They are Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and the Autumn Mountain Lord. If Yi Feng can defeat either one of them, he’ll have the qualifications to compete for being first.”

“But I’m not optimistic about it. Yi Feng is too young.”

“Haha, don’t be so sure about that.” Under the surrounding discussions, Yi Feng stood out in his purple robe and came to the Thunderblood Battlestage with fighting spirits blazing in his pupils.

This made Ji Lingfeng briefly stunned because he never expected Yi Feng to challenge him. Did Yi Feng think he was the weakest among the three?

With a smile, Ji Lingfeng laughed at himself, “It appears that the Autumn Mountain Lord is right, not many people acknowledge my position as first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking.”

The Autumn Mountain Lord merely smiled and said nothing when he heard what Ji Lingfeng said.

After calmly standing up, Ji Lingfeng arrived on the Thunderblood Battlestage with a step. When he landed on the ground, he stretched his hand out and summoned a long blade. This blade was five feet long, and there was an ancient phoenix engraved on the black blade.

Lin Yun was surprised that Ji Lingfeng was a bladesman, since he didn’t notice it before.

Yi Feng didn’t beat around the bush and dashed forth the moment Ji Lingfeng’s foot touched the ground, unleashing the Divine Indigo Radiant Fist right from the start. When he threw his punch, lightning manifested into a sun that bloomed with an immense pressure that crashed down against Ji Lingfeng.

“Wingspread Phoenix!” Ji Lingfeng drew his blade, and a phoenix appeared behind him, unfolding its wings and a dazzling blade ray drew a crimson line. His blade was like a gathering of fire-attributed spiritual energy. After he resolved Yi Feng’s attack, it turned into a phoenix that charged towards Yi Feng.

Yi Feng narrowed his pupils. If someone else had created a phoenix phenomenon manifestation he wouldn’t place it in his eyes, but that wasn’t true when it came to Ji Lingfeng. The latter came from the Divine Phoenix Mountain, possessing the inheritance of the phoenix. It was so much so that he might be cultivating the legendary Phoenix Saint Canon. So, although the phoenix was only a phenomenon, it gave off an ancient aura.

As lightning surged out of Yi Feng’s body, he threw three punches, and he would take a few steps back with each punch. Three punches later, he finally regained his foothold and destroyed the phoenix.

“Blooming Phoenix!” Ji Lingfeng smiled and gently swung the blade in his hand. The faint flames converged into a flower. When it bloomed, a phoenix cry rang out, and a phoenix tree rose from the ground.

This looked like it was something casually created by Ji Lingfeng, and it wasn’t domineering at all. On the contrary, it even looked beautiful in the eyes of others. But Yi Feng felt different. Even if he had exerted his full strength, he was still knocked flying away.

“Divine Phoenix Radiance!” Beneath the phoenix tree, Ji Lingfeng swung his blade once more. This looked like a simple attack, but it was weird in Ji Lingfeng’s hands because space began to distort in the path of the blade ray. At the same time, it gave off a feeling that was similar to Lin Yun’s Unrivaled•Thunderstorm Slash.

Even if Yi Feng possessed the Devour Saint Rune that could absorb one-third of the blade’s power and the Indigo Sun Saint Canon reflecting the damages he suffered, he only managed to take two blades. When the third blade landed on him, it shattered the lightning enveloping him while the fourth blade knocked him flying back, spitting out blood.

“Holy shit, Ji Lingfeng is crushing Yi Feng!”

“Ji Lingfeng is not ranked first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking for nothing. It’s no wonder why no one could shake his position after Jian Jingtian made a breakthrough. It appears that not everyone can become first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking.”

“I never expected this scene. I thought Yi Feng could at least put up a fight.”

“I knew Yi Feng wouldn’t win, but I didn’t expect the difference in strength to be so great. I bet the top three on the Dragon Pulse Ranking aren’t on the same level as the rest.”Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Everyone at Thunderblood Square was shocked when they witnessed Ji Lingfeng’s true strength. They were dumbfounded, and their pupils were filled with disbelief. Besides Lin Yun, the three swordsmen were also surprised that Yi Feng was crushed.

Yi Feng looked a little pitiful. He clearly brought out his full strength, but Ji Lingfeng could easily crush him. This was simply a great shock to everyone, and this was Ji Lingfeng’s true strength. He truly deserved his position as first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking.

After Jian Jingtian made a breakthrough to the Samsara Edict Realm and left the Dragon Pulse Ranking, he occupied first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking for nearly two years. There were those who challenged him within this period, but all of them lost without an exception.

This was the reason why Ji Lingfeng was unhappy with the Martial Dao Tea Party when he arrived, especially when the Autumn Mountain Lord questioned him. But the Heavenly Dao Sect’s Xiao Yuanqi and Autumn Mountain Lord also didn’t usually reveal their strengths. So it was natural for Ji Lingfeng’s position to be questioned.

“Actually, Yi Feng was already struggling to defeat the Blue Frost Lord. If he didn’t have the Devour Saint Rune, he wouldn’t be able to put up a fight with the latter.” The Cloud Swordsman said.

Shaking his head, Lin Yun said, “Even so, Ji Lingfeng cannot be underestimated.”

Since the beginning of the Martial Dao Tea Party, he hadn’t felt a trace of pressure from anyone so far. But when Ji Lingfeng executed his blade technique, it made Lin Yun feel immense pressure. Even his sword intent was warning him, so he observed Ji Lingfeng’s blade technique with his Sword Heart.

Perceiving possible dangers and advancing ahead of time was one of the Sword Heart’s abilities. If they fought, he knew that he wouldn’t be able to suppress his dragon origin from losing control and luring his tribulation down. That was probably the case for the Autumn Mountain Lord and Xiao Yuanqi as well.

Lin Yun calmly calculated, and knew that his journey in the Martial Dao Tea Party had come to an end because he didn’t want to undergo his tribulation anytime soon. He had no idea of how powerful his tribulation would be with his dragon pulses reaching nearly ten thousand feet, not to mention undergoing his tribulation amidst the fighting.

Lightning began to explode between heaven and earth. Just when everyone felt Yi Feng was about to lose, a terrifying crimson aura exploded from the latter, and his pupils became crimson. His rampaging Lightning Intent also contained a wisp of terrifying baleful aura.

In the next second, his killing intent enveloped the entire Thunderblood Battlestage. That was the Massacre Intent.

“Ji Lingfeng, don’t rejoice so quickly. I’m not a pushover! This is my strongest attack, so let me see how you block this!” Yi Feng was furious that he was being toyed around by Ji Lingfeng, and his anger detonated.

“Fusing the Massacre and Lightning Intents together? Interesting, but you’re still too tender. You can compete for first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking again after I reach the Samsara Edict Realm. As long as I’m around, there’s no chance for you to stand out!” Ji Lingfeng indifferently said before swinging his blade again.

“Nine Heavenly Phoenix Cry—Astral Flame Dance!” As the clouds in the sky split apart, everyone raised their heads to see multiple stars shining in the sky. Each star was shining brightly, and the Phoenix Constellation appeared in the sky with a colossal pressure crushing down.

The pressure forced Yi Feng down to one knee. As the pressure dispersed the lighting and flames on his body, he threw out a mouthful of blood.

When Ji Lingfeng sheathed his sword, the massive phoenix seemed to budge. As for Yi Feng, who was kneeling on the ground, he was sent flying away. When he raised his head, he looked at Ji Lingfeng whose hair fluttered in the wind.

He lost terribly. Even though the Wind Edge Lord was defeated by Lin Yun, he still put up a fight before he was defeated under Lin Yun’s trump card. Not to mention he forced Lin Yun to use several of his trump cards. On the other hand, Yi Feng received a one-sided beating right from the start, and no one knew the true strength of Ji Lingfeng.

Just when Ji Lingfeng was about to leave, he suddenly turned around and looked in Lin Yun’s direction with a smile. He asked, “Champion of the Nirvana Banquet, why don’t we play a little?”

His words naturally caused an uproar. No one was optimistic about Lin Yun defeating Ji Lingfeng, but he should be able to force Ji Lingfeng to use his trump cards.

“I was injured earlier, so I probably won’t be able to fight any longer before the Martial Dao Tea Party ends.” Lin Yun tactfully declined without much consideration.

The surroundings fell into a brief silence before an uproar broke out. No one believed what Lin Yun said, and they felt this was an excuse that he used to avoid the battle. But it was understandable because there was no need to go on the stage if he couldn’t win against an opponent like Ji Lingfeng.

After all, Lin Yun already proved his strength from his fight with the Wind Edge Lord, so there was no need for him to fight another round.

Ji Lingfeng was briefly stunned before he smiled, “Alright, then. To be honest, I’m pretty afraid of hurting you if we fight. After all, you’re now an honored guest of my Divine Phoenix Mountain. Lin Xiao, if anyone dares to bully you outside Thunder Island, you can just use the name of our Divine Phoenix Mountain. We’re not afraid of any young masters or lords!”

As he spoke, he casually gave the Wind Edge Lord a glance, causing the latter’s face to flush with anger.

Everyone could smell a story between them, and this naturally piqued their interest. Judging from Ji Lingfeng’s words, Lin Yun’s relationship with the Divine Phoenix Mountain wasn’t simple.

Lin Yun merely replied with a smile. He knew Ji Lingfeng was trying to express goodwill to him. But he would misunderstand if he thought that Lin Yun was afraid of him. Then again, that didn’t matter to Lin Yun because he didn’t bother about it, and it was fine as long as Ji Lingfeng was happy.