Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1786 - Blood Moon's Descend

“How dominant.” Yan Tie sighed beside Lin Yun.

“Yi Feng is strong enough to grasp Massacre Intent at the age of twenty. If he had a few more years, he would definitely become more terrifying.” Shi Feng said.

Lin Yun nodded his head in agreement. There were lots of martial daos. Greater daos like the sword and blade, then there were also elemental daos like lightning, wind, and ice. Massacre Intent was a relatively rare martial dao, and had a higher upper limit than ordinary ones.

The classification of martial intents was a little complicated. Strictly speaking, the martial intents should be equal, but there were also greater and lesser daos. Above the greater dao was the sovereign dao, then there was the eternal dao above that.

But it was too far for them, and they were goals only saints or emperors could pursue. No matter what, the Massacre Intent was a relatively stronger martial intent. But it was nothing before Ji Lingfeng. Ji Lingfeng was strong, but he wasn’t domineering and arrogant, unlike the Wind Edge Lord, nor was he like Lin Yun, who kept a low profile. He gave others a composed feeling, and he could easily play around with his opponents. This kind of person was even more terrifying.

After Ji Lingfeng’s battle with Yi Feng, the next few battles were duller in comparison. Everyone knew that the preparations for the Martial Dao Tea Party were done, and the main act was coming up next.

Coming up next would be a stage that belonged to experts, and everyone else was only a spectator to this grand act. It would be a tragedy if they joined, and it wouldn’t give anyone any impression.

In fact, many people who fought were strong, such as the three swordsmen. They challenged the top ten on the Dragon Pulse Ranking like the Snow Mountain Lord and Divine Dao Pavilion’s Lin Qingyang. When they realized that the Martial Dao Tea Party was coming to an end, the three swordsmen weren’t willing to let it end just like that and wanted to give it a try into the top ten.

But it was a pity that they lost. Yan Tie fought the Snow Master Lord, and he couldn’t be considered proficient in the Death Intent. He couldn’t find any breakthrough under his opponent’s powerful cultivation.

He couldn’t corrode his opponent’s dragon origin, and he failed to deal any serious injuries to the Snow Master Lord. In the end, his opponent caught his weakness and was defeated in one attack.

The battle ended quickly, but this was how swordsmen fought. Once their opponent caught their weakness, it would be hard for them to turn the tables around again. Then again, Lin Yun was an exception. According to the three swordsmen, Lin Yun was unbelievably strong for a swordsman, and didn’t have any weaknesses.

The Cloud Swordsman’s opponent was Lin Qingyang. His opponent wasn’t particularly strong, but he was balanced in all aspects. After a long time, he was defeated when Lin Qingyang used the Saint Diagram.

“Autumn Mountain Lord, I have admired you for a long time. Let’s fight.” After several battles, the Heavenly Dao Sect’s Xiao Yuanqi suddenly stood up.

“I have been waiting for you!” The Autumn Mountain Lord smiled. Their plain conversation ignited the atmosphere on the Thunderblood Square. So far, there were three people who were undefeated in the top ten of the Dragon Pulse Ranking. They were the Heavenly Dao Sect’s Xiao Yuanqi, the Four Young Masters’ Autumn Mountain Lord, and the Divine Phoenix Mountain’s Ji Lingfeng.

In everyone’s opinion, the first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking would be determined between the three of them. Others like Yi Feng, Lin Qingyang, Yu Wenxiu, and Lin Xiao were still somewhat lacking. Or rather, they weren’t on the same level, to begin with. Just like how Lin Xiao, the champion of the Nirvana Banquet, didn’t dare to accept Ji Lingfeng’s request for a fight.

“The moment someone loses, they will instantly lose the qualification to compete for first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking.”

“This can be regarded as the strongest matchup on the Dragon Pulse Ranking, and the one who wins will basically be first.”

“It’s hard to say. Ji Lingfeng hasn’t lost yet.”

“The three aren’t on the same level. If those two possessed the strength to defeat their opponents, they naturally have the strength to defeat Ji Lingfeng.” There were countless debates off the stage, and they were all filled with anticipation for the result of this battle.

After Xiao Yuanqi and the Autumn Mountain Lord went on the stage, the saint blood on the Thunderblood Battlestage was instantly ignited, with terrifying gusts of wind sweeping out. Each of the Four Young Masters possessed a Dragon Clan’s martial technique, and the Autumn Mountain Lord wasn’t an exception. He practiced the Imperial Overlord Physique, which was a body-refining technique of the Golden Dragon’s lineage.

He had cultivated the Imperial Overlord Physique to the fifteenth level, granting him a powerful physique. Simultaneously, his dragon origin was pure, and he was also proficient in the Earth Intent of the five elements. Paired with his Dragon Clan’s martial technique, each of his attacks was domineering. They were like the weight of a mountain as they synced with his punches.

Most importantly, his defense was heaven-defying. He had no flaws, with the yellow light emitted from his body making him look as though his physique was made of bronze.

When Xiao Yuanqi’s attack landed on his body, it caused a bell-like ring to resound, and that nearly made many people throw out a mouthful of blood from the vibrations in their eardrums.

Xiao Yuanqi cultivated the inheritance cultivation technique of the Heavenly Dao Sect, the Nine Heavenly Saint Cauldron. This cultivation technique had a total of thirty-six stages, and he was at the seventeenth stage. In terms of cultivation alone, his dragon origin was even more horrifying than the Autumn Mountain Lord, with his dragon pulses reaching close to five thousand feet. Not to mention he also grasped three different martial intents, Flame, Lightning, and Wind Intents. He had brought these three martial intents to the fifth grade.

He grasped a ghost spirit martial technique for each martial intent, and this meant he grasped three different ultimate moves, making him unfathomable and powerful. But the Autumn Mountain Lord was like an immovable mountain, and his defenses were as tough as a Black Tortoise’s tortoiseshell. So no matter what Xiao Yuanqi did, he wasn’t able to deal any heavy injuries to the Autumn Mountain Lord.

The Autumn Mountain Lord didn’t move. But when he did, his attacks were hard for Xiao Yuanqi to guard against. Not only was his physique a saint’s physique, there also seemed to be a hidden power sealed within his body that could save him from danger whenever the time came.

A few hundred moves later, they both clashed, and the barrier enveloping the Thunderblood Battlestage shattered..

The destruction of the barrier created a powerful gale that swept out. This caught many people by surprise, and many people were unlucky to be injured. As Lin Yun flicked his finger, the sword aura surged forth before the three swordsmen made a move and scattered the powerful gale.

“They’re both monsters!” Yan Tie couldn’t help exclaiming. Xiao Yuanqi and the Autumn Mountain Lord’s dragon origins were unbelievably powerful. Their dragon origins felt endless, and they didn’t seem to have any exhaustion, despite fighting for so long.

Lin Yun nodded his head in acknowledgment. Perhaps this was the confidence of the holy lands’ geniuses. If he didn’t have the Blue Dragon Saint Physique, he might be exhausted to death when fighting these two.

“Regardless of the Nine Heavenly Saint Cauldron or the Dragon Clan’s Imperial Overlord Physique, they’re both known for being longlasting. The Dragon Clan’s martial techniques are deep and profound, covering almost every aspect. But the Heavenly Dao Sect was also once the strongest sect in the Kunlun Realm before, so it’s hard to say who’s stronger and who’s weaker.” Shi Feng said.

“The strongest sect in the world…” Lin Yun couldn’t help feeling curious about that. He asked, “Is that true?”Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“That was a long time ago, before the Divine Dragon Empire was established. The Heavenly Dao Sect’s forces were spread all over the Kunlun Realm, and there are four branches, aside from the main sect, the Wind, Forest, Fire, and Mountain Branches. Each branch was comparable to a holy land, but they’re all split up now. Not only that, even amongst the six holy lands in the Eastern Desolation, the Heavenly Dao Sect is still the strongest. The other holy lands, such as the Heavenly Flame Sect, Myriad Lightning Sect, and the Divine Dao Pavilion, are somewhat lacking in comparison. Only the Divine Phoenix Mountain can be comparable to them.” Shi Feng smiled.

Lin Yun fell into deep thoughts because he didn’t know much about the history of the holy lands in the Eastern Desolation.

“The split of the Heavenly Dao Sect is closely related to the rise of the Divine Dragon Empire. After the dark era ended, the Divine Dragon Empire swiftly rose and became a force to be reckoned with. If the Southern Emperor didn’t die, the Divine Dragon Empire would’ve probably united the Kunlun Realm by now.” Shi Feng knew a lot of secrets, and he smiled, “This is probably why they’re fighting so fiercely and aren’t willing to admit defeat. If Xiao Yuanqi loses to the Autumn Mountain Lord’s Dragon Clan martial techniques, he’ll surely be punished when he returns.”

While they were chatting, Xiao Yuanqi soared to the sky and lightning began to flicker in the clouds. He was also enveloped with flames and a powerful wind howling in the surroundings.

He had pushed the Flame, Lightning, and Wind Intents to the limit, and they created this horrifying scene. On the other hand, the Autumn Mountain Lord was like a bronze bell with his body covered in saint runes planted to the ground like a mountain. No matter how the three elements attacked, he just wouldn’t budge, and the aura he accumulated became increasingly terrifying.

“Divine Dragon Overlord Fist!” When Xiao Yuanqi’s aura began to decline, the Autumn Mountain Lord took this opportunity to attack. He was using the Divine Dragon Overlord Fist that the Wind Edge Lord previously used, but it was on a completely different level in the hands of the Autumn Mountain Lord. When he soared to the sky, he was like a Divine Dragon charging forth.

“Break!” Xiao Yuanqi also unleashed his strongest attack as his three martial intents converged to form an ancient cauldron before slamming forth.

When they clashed, the surroundings were swept up in chaos from their attacks, with various phenomena appearing. Two thousand attacks later, there still wasn’t a result between them, and watching this battle made everyone’s scalps go numb because it was too terrifying. Even someone who had just reached the Samsara Edict Realm wouldn’t be able to hold their ground against these two.

“There’s no meaning to continue fighting like this. It will take at least three days for us to determine a winner between us.” Xiao Yuanqi said with his hands behind him.

The Autumn Mountain Lord’s face slightly changed upon hearing what Xiao Yuanqi said, and he laughed, “Alright. Let’s consider this a tie between us, then.”

When they returned to their respective pavilions, everyone still hadn’t come to their senses. They never expected that it would be a tie between Xiao Yuanqi and the Autumn Mountain Lord. This further increased the suspense on who would become first. Now that they looked at it, even Ji Lingfeng might not be confident about defeating those two. But if that was the case, how were they going to determine the first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking?

Ji Lingfeng’s blade might not be able to break apart the Autumn Mountain Lord’s defense, but the Autumn Mountain Lord and Xiao Yuanqi might not be able to defeat his phoenix inheritance.

Right then, Ji Lingfeng suddenly smiled, “A tie? This is meaningless. How about this? Whoever can catch my blade will be first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking. If none of you can take it, I believe there won’t be any controversy about me becoming first.”

He would naturally be first if no one could take his attack, and this made Xiao Yuanqi and Autumn Mountain Lord’s faces change, weighing the pros and cons of this suggestion.

Suddenly, Lin Yun furrowed his brows and raised his head. He asked, “What’s that?”

When the three swordsmen raised their heads, their faces immediately changed because there was a blood moon in the sky without anyone realizing it. Not only did it disperse the thunderclouds on Thunder Island, but it even shone moonlight down on the island.

“The Blood Moon Sect!” The three swordsmen exclaimed.