Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1787 - Two God Generals

The sudden appearance of the blood moon in the sky swiftly attracted everyone’s attention. Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and the Autumn Mountain Lord, who wanted to decide the first between them, were surprised and raised their heads.

“Hahaha! Brilliant! Truly brilliant! It looks like I’m not late. The Martial Dao Tea Party is more exciting than I expected.” A huge patch of bloody clouds charged towards Thunder Island under the blood moon. The blood cloud was like a river of blood rumbling towards Thunder Island.

Even from so far away, everyone could smell a bloody stench that made them feel uneasy. When the bloody clouds descended on the Dragon Pulse Ranking, they began to wriggle before condensing into a devilish youth. This youth’s face was as pale as paper, and he wore a black robe that was embroidered with weird blood-colored patterns.

Everyone exclaimed because this person was from the Blood Moon Demonic Sect. They call themselves the Blood Moon Sect, but others called them the Blood Moon Demonic Sect.

“The Lightning God General, Ao Feng?” The Autumn Mountain Lord softly said with his brows locked together.

When Ao Feng raised his head, he smiled, “I’m surprised the Autumn Mountain Lord knows my name. That’s right, I’m the God General Ao Feng!”

Right when he finished, a blood ray flew over and landed on the Thunderblood Battlestage. This scared those in the nearby pavilions, and they quickly backed off with their faces changing. They only wanted to be as far away from this person as possible.

The Blood Moon Sect was famous in the Eastern Desolation three thousand years ago. The Blood Moon Sect’s sect master was someone who could compete with the Nine Emperors. Even if the Nine Emperors joined forces, they weren’t able to entirely annihilate the Blood Moon Sect.

They were extremely infamous within the Kunlun Realm, and the Blood Moon Sect had been revived over the past few centuries, showing signs of returning to their peak. They had an intense battle with the Demon Gate, and they could be considered one of the Divine Dragon Empire’s greatest foes.

But the Blood Moon Sect and Demon Gate usually hid their tracks and kept a low profile. So everyone was surprised that someone from the Blood Moon Sect would suddenly appear at the Martial Dao Tea Party so publically.

“God General?” Lin Yun muttered to himself. He didn’t know what position a God General in the Blood Moon Sect had.

“A God General has a high status within the Blood Moon Sect. The Eastern Desolation’s Blood Moon Sect has a total of three God Generals, the Wind, Fire, and Lightning. The Fire God General is the strongest, and he’s already at the Samsara Edict Realm. The Lightning God General and Wind God General are on the same level. I only heard about their infamous reputations in the past, but I never expected that they’d be so bold.” Yan Tie said.

Lin Yun was calm, and he was pretty surprised inwardly. He naturally knew about the Blood Moon Sect. They were strong, and the Crimsonmoon Elysium he came in contact with in the past was a subsidiary force of the Blood Moon Sect.

An Liuyan told him that she came to Heavenly Domain City to resist the Blood Moon Sect together with the other Nine-Star Demon Venerables. So Lin Yun wasn’t surprised that two God Generals would appear in the Heavenly Domain City. They should be here for the inheritance at the Black Tortoise Void Sea.

Just as Yan Tie said, they were too bold to come to Thunder Island. Wasn’t this the same as slapping the Four Young Masters on their faces?

“It appears that I’m late?” A violent gale swept out, and a burst of laughter echoed on Thunderblood Square. Shortly after, a visible violent gale swept across the stage, and he descended not far away from the Lightning God General Ao Feng.

This person was also donned a black robe with blood patterns embroidered on the robe, emitting a faint bloody radiance. The bloody radiance was bizarre while slowly condensing into runes that merged into him.

Ao Feng smiled, “Yan Cangming, you’re too slow!”

The newcomer was the Wind God General Yan Cangming. Many people had guessed this person’s identity but were still surprised that they would so openly appear at the Martial Dao Tea Party.

As a stern look flashed within the Wind Edge Lord’s pupils, his gaze locked onto the two of them and roared, “Are you two courting death? We can’t normally be bothered with you guys because you are hiding. And yet you guys openly dare to come to Thunder Island?!”

The Blood Moon Sect was a formidable foe of the Divine Dragon Empire, and the Four Young Masters were representatives of the Divine Dragon Empire. This Martial Dao Tea Party was held by the Four Young Masters, so anyone could tell that the Divine Dragon Empire wanted them to rope in geniuses on the Dragon Pulse Ranking to increase their influence.

Lightning God General Ao Feng swept his gaze over before stopping on the Autumn Mountain Lord. He squinted his eyes with a smile, “The Autumn Mountain Lord held this Martial Dao Tea Party to determine the first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking. We have nothing to do for the time being, so we decided to join the fun.”

The Blue Frost Lord coldly said, “There’s an order from the Empress that whoever can kill a God General will be bestowed with nobility. You two still can run now. Otherwise, don’t blame us for not giving you a chance!”

“This isn’t the Divine Dragon Empire. So do we have to be so strict? Don’t tell me you guys are scared of being so nervous?” Ao Feng smiled.

The Wind God General spoke in an odd tone, and smiled, “None of the six holy lands said a word, and the Four Young Masters are like mad hounds. I can see the six holy lands have declined.”

“Let’s go. These people are just a bunch of garbage. Do they want to determine the first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking? This Martial Dao Tea Party is nothing but a joke.” The two god generals smiled, and their tones were filled with disdain for this gathering.

The Autumn Mountain Lord’s face changed because he knew that his reputation would be ruined if he continued to refuse the two god generals. He initially wanted to use the Martial Dao Tea Party to increase the Divine Dragon Empire’s influence. But because of the two god generals, the Divine Dragon Empire’s prestige within Heavenly Domain City would fall instead of rising.

Not to mention the two god generals came by themselves. If he insisted on chasing them away, the six holy lands’ geniuses and everyone present would probably be unhappy.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“These two people are too arrogant. I don’t believe our Eastern Desolation doesn’t have anyone capable of suppressing them.”

“They’re just a bunch of rats that only know how to go into hiding. How dare they self-proclaim themselves to be god generals.”

“Let them participate!”

One had to admit that the god generals’ words were very instigating. Many holy land geniuses and Dragon Pulse Ranking geniuses couldn’t bear it.

“Two rats dare to be so arrogant? My Divine Dao Pavilion can easily suppress them!”

“Autumn Mountain Lord, there’s no need to be afraid of them. If we let them go just like that, won’t we become a joke?”

“That’s right. If you let them go, how are you going to hold the Martial Dao Tea Party in the future?”

Young people were filled with youthful vigor, not to mention they were all on the Dragon Pulse Ranking. So the two god generals’ words naturally sparked public outrage.

On the other hand, Lin Yun lightly furrowed his brows, sensing that something wasn’t right. Since the two god generals dared to show themselves in such a high-profile manner, they must have the confidence that backed their decisions. Everyone in the surroundings were too simple-minded to fall for their instigation.

If no one was able to defeat Ao Feng and Yan Cangming, the position on the Dragon Pulse Ranking would go to them, and it wouldn’t just be a matter of embarrassment. The Dragon Pulse Ranking was a Sovereign Saint Artifact, possessing great fortune. If those two got it, they would receive countless benefits from it.

However, Ji Lingfeng, Lin Qingyang, Xiao Yuanqi, Yu Wenxiu, and others were confident in themselves without any fear. They were confident that with their strengths, these two wouldn’t be able to do anything if they became serious.

Everyone in the surrounding area was excited, looking forward to seeing someone defeating Ao Feng and Yan Cangming.

But Lin Yun shook his head and said nothing about it. He had decided not to take part in the Martial Dao Tea Party any longer. This was a personal feud between the Divine Dragon Empire and Blood Moon Sect. Even if the six holy lands’ geniuses were willing to stand out, it had nothing to do with him.

“Alright, then. I’ll fulfill your wishes since you two want to be humiliated.” The Autumn Mountain Lord nodded his head with a cold light flashing across his pupils.

“Hahaha! Alright, let me go against them first. Does anyone wish to challenge me?” The Lightning God General Ao Feng laughed.

In the Ming Cult’s pavilion, a person soared to the sky and landed on the Thunderblood Battlestage. Looking at Ao Feng, he said, “Ming Cult’s Sikong Yuan is here to challenge the Blood Moon Sect!”

When Sikong Yuan spoke, he quickly took out his spear and dashed forth. Executing his ghost spirit martial technique, he poured his dragon origin into his spear and swung it at Ao Feng. The spear drew a circle in mid-air, forming a golden sun wheel with a dazzling radiance bursting out.

“What pitiful tricks.” Ao Feng faced Sikong Yuan’s attack without emotion, and raised his head before pushing a palm forth. He looked as casual as if he was swatting a fly, sending Sikong Yuan flying away.

When Sikong Yuan descended from the sky, his face was pale with a massive palm print on his chest, knocking him unconscious. His wounds were terrible, and this made him terrified. This made everyone take a cold breath because Sikong Yuan was in the top hundredth on the Dragon Pulse Ranking.

Although several people stepped forth as well, all of them were defeated within three moves without exception. Nine geniuses on the Dragon Pulse Ranking stood out, but they were all defeated. Not a single person could last more than three moves in the hands of Ao Feng, and this left everyone dumbfounded.

Aside from that, Ao Feng was cruel in his attacks. Those who challenged him all ended up with fatal injuries. Even with the help of saint pellets, those injuries weren’t something they could quickly recover from.

But Ao Feng had superb control over his strength. His means might seem brutal, but he didn’t kill a single person, giving them the opportunity to be treated. So even if everyone was furious, there was nothing they could do about it, nor could they find an excuse to vent their anger.

With that, everyone’s heads gradually calmed down. After calming down, they realized the Lightning God General and Wind God General came prepared.

“Isn’t he a little too powerful?”

“He’s simply like a monster. He didn’t even use any martial techniques and purely relied on his cultivation to suppress his opponents.”

“Just how terrifying is his cultivation?” A discussion came from the surroundings, and everyone looked at Ao Feng with fear lingering within their pupils.

Even the faces of Ji Lingfeng, Autumn Mountain Lord, and Xiao Yuanqi became serious.

“Haha. Is this the best you guys have to offer? It’s no wonder why I was not invited to this Martial Dao Tea Party. It turns out that you guys are just a bunch of garbage. You guys can’t even take three attacks from me, despite being so ferocious.” Ao Feng’s pupils flashed with ridicule.

“You demonic cult rats are too arrogant!” The Lightning God General was so arrogant that Zhang Yu of the Divine Phoenix Mountain couldn’t hold it back any longer. He disregarded Ji Lingfeng’s obstruction and leaped to the stage.

Everyone’s eyes lit up because Zhang Yu and Lin Yun fought before, and he had the strength to make it into the top fifteen on the Dragon Pulse Ranking.

The corner of Ao Feng’s lips curled into a smile, wanting to make an example out of Zhang Yu. As the demonic aura he gave off exploded, the mark on his forehead bloomed. Before Zhang Yu could even get close to him, a palm print appeared on his chest.

Along with a loud sound, Zhang Yu’s ribs cracked, and his internal organs ruptured. This made him collapse to the ground and immediately pass out.

“How impudent.” Ao Feng snickered, sending Zhang Yu flying with a kick.