Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1792 - Let The Wind Blow!

“First on the Nirvana Banquet, first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking!” Mei Zihua’s voice was instigative, and it reverberated throughout Thunderblood Square. This naturally made Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and the Autumn Mountain Lord furrow their brows.

“He ultimately came.” Lin Yun turned to look at Mei Zihua, who raised the jar of wine in his hand and smiled.

“Watch out!” Someone exclaimed that after Yan Cangming examined Ao Feng’s injuries. He took advantage of where Lin Yun’s attention was directed towards to charge over. The timing he chose was brilliant. It was at a tricky angle, wanting to launch a sneak attack on Lin Yun.

But as soon as he stepped onto the Thunderblood Stage, a strong wind swept out. The wind was so strong that it made Yan Cangming squint his eyes, and it felt like there was a wall of wind hindering his footsteps.

When Yan Cangming squinted his eyes, he could see a dazzling sword ray enveloping boundless wind sweeping over towards him under the empowerment of the Heavenly Dome Sword Intent. The sword tip seemed to have eyes, and Yan Cangming could feel a chill run down his spine the moment the sword was aimed at him. It made him feel as though he fell into ice.

A sense of danger immediately spread throughout Yan Cangming’s heart before spreading throughout his body. In the nick of time, Yan Cangming stopped his footstep with great difficulty. He tried his best to dodge, but the sword still tore through the dragon origin around him, leaving a faint blood mark on his cheek and a few strands of his hair falling to the ground.

When Yan Cangming raised his head, he saw that Lin Yun had already turned around, and he was using two fingers to manipulate the Flower Burial Sword. His hair was like a black waterfall fluttering in the wind, and his white clothes made him look graceful.

But in the next moment, the Flower Burial Sword emitted a buzzing noise and disappeared from Yan Cangming’s sight. This greatly shocked Yan Cangming, and he was looking at this scene with disbelief. Then, Lin Yun’s body looked as light as a sword before he suddenly disappeared. This was the profundity of the Heavenly Dome Sword Intent, and the Flower Burial Sword summoned Lin Yun over.

“Behind me!” Yan Cangming quickly turned around. It was just as he had expected. Lin Yun already held onto his sword, and indifferently swung his sword.

As sparks flew around, a sinister gash appeared on Yan Cangming’s chest and the Nethermoon Saint Armor, with blood splashing out. Yan Cangming was immediately sent flying away with his face distorted from the pain.

The hole on the Nethermoon Saint Armor was slowly recovering, but Lin Yun didn’t chase after him. The Flower Burial Sword trembled in his hand, and he let go of it, allowing the Flower Burial Sword to shoot forth like his extended arm, instantly catching up with Yan Cangming.

Lin Yun simply stood where he was and swiped his fingers around to control the Flower Burial Sword, executing the Azure Dragon Sword Art to create more damage on the Nethermoon Saint Armor. By the time Yan Cangming fell to the ground, his body was covered with sword marks, and the wounds were horrifying to look at.

“Come back!” Lin Yun gently lifted his fingers up, and the Flower Burial Sword returned to the sheath.

The moment the Flower Burial Sword entered the sheath, Yan Cangming threw out a mouthful of blood from a hundred meters away before he fell to his knees. Everything happened quickly, and Thunderblood Square was in dead silence with everyone dumbfounded. This was because everything happened too quickly.

From Yan Cangming’s sneak attack to his kneeling on the ground, it only took three or four breaths max. Many people still hadn’t come to their senses yet, and Mei Zihua’s voice was still echoing in their ears.

When they came to their senses, they cheered. “That’s the Heavenly Dome Sword Intent? How frightening!”

“Unbelievable! It’s really unbelievable! The complete Heavenly Dome Sword Intent is too terrifying!”

“It’s no wonder why it’s not something that can be grasped at the Dragon Pulse Realm. It’s practically incomprehensible!” Everyone’s scalps went numb and were dumbfounded. It was so much so that they couldn’t believe what they saw.

Ao Feng, who was heavily injured on the Thunderblood Battlestage helped Yan Cangming up with great difficulty before he coldly said, “Let’s go!”

Lin Yun didn’t stop them from leaving. But when they tried to leave, the Autumn Mountain Lord of the Four Young Masters appeared before them.

Raising his head, Ao Feng asked, “Those who lost aren’t allowed to leave the Martial Dao Tea Party?”

“Don’t worry. Since you two didn’t take a life at the Martial Dao Tea Party, I naturally won’t take your lives. But to come and go as you wish, it’ll be too easy on devil spawns like you.” The Autumn Mountain Lord indifferently said.

“What are you trying to do?” Ao Feng’s pupils radiated with fear, feeling an ill premonition.

“Nothing much. You can leave, but you have to crawl back!” The Autumn Mountain Lord said, and he suddenly made his move. Followed by a scream, Ao Feng and Yan Cangming’s wrists and knees were crushed by the Autumn Mountain Lord.

The pain made Ao Feng’s face distorted, and he glared at the Autumn Mountain Lord, “You! Good! You’re ruthless!”

Ao Feng and Yan Cangming trembled in anger, feeling humiliated under so many gazes.

“Still not leaving?” The Autumn Mountain Lord said coldly. “Oh, I forgot. Since you guys can’t walk, then crawl!”

When Ao Feng and Yan Cangming heard that, their faces were deadly pale.

“Crawl!”

“Hurry up and crawl!” Yells echoed from Thunderblood Square. But no one felt that the Autumn Mountain Lord was ruthless because those two deserved it. The two were arrogant, claiming that they would sweep through the Dragon Pulse Ranking, and were even ruthless in their attacks.

No one expected that Ao Feng and Yan Cangming would end up in this manner.

Lin Yun had no fluctuation on his face when he saw this scene because they deserved it and no one else was to be blamed. But he never expected that the Autumn Mountain Lord would be so ruthless.

Under everyone’s gazes, Ao Feng and Yan Cangming gritted their teeth and crawled away from the Thunderblood Battlestage. As the crowd watched them crawl from the stage, they all felt excited.

Yan Tie and the others all wore weird expressions, and they could feel that something wasn’t right. After all, the Autumn Mountain Lord didn’t stand out when Ao Feng and Yan Cangming provoked everyone. But the moment Lin Yun defeated them, Autumn Mountain Lord quickly stood out and cleaned the mess before anyone could react.

Although there was nothing wrong with it, it was inevitable that it looked like the Autumn Mountain Lord was harvesting Lin Yun’s fruits of labor.

But Lin Yun merely looked at Ao Feng and Yan Cangming crawl out of the Thunderblood Battlestage. He felt that this Martial Dao Tea Party had become a farce, and it was pointless to stay any longer. He turned to glance at the Sword Sect’s party before turning around and leaving.

“Brother Lin, please hold on.” But when Lin Yun took a step forth, the Autumn Mountain Lord smiled.

“I’m not interested in the first of the Dragon Pulse Ranking. So there’s no need for me to stay.” Lin Yun continued to walk, having no intention of stopping.

But as the wind blew out, the Autumn Mountain Lord appeared a hundred meters away from Lin Yun. He said, “If fate is a river, we can only drift with the current when the wind blows. You're already standing on the highest wave, and the wind hasn’t stopped yet. So how can you leave?”

When he finished, Ji Lingfeng and Xiao Yuanqi flew over, gently landing on the ground.

“Brother Lin, we might as well fight since you’re already here.” Xiao Yuanqi said, raising his head.

“If you leave now, the Martial Dao Tea Party won’t be able to continue any longer. No matter which of us wins, we won’t be able to convince everyone even if we become first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking.” Ji Lingfeng smiled.

Lin Yun could sense that they had no malicious intentions. At the very least, he couldn’t sense any from Ji Lingfeng and Xiao Yuanqi, they purely wanted to sense the power of the Heavenly Dome Sword Intent.

He could understand that they wanted to try fighting him or they would have regrets in their hearts. But what has it got to do with him? He briefly pondered before he replied, “I have a reason why I can’t fight. If I do, the consequences will be unimaginable.”

He could tell from their performances that Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and the Autumn Mountain Lord were strong. If Ao Feng and Yan Cangming didn’t have the Nethermoon Saint Armor, those two wouldn’t be placed in their eyes at all.

The reason why they didn’t make their move was that they had concerns aside from the Nethermoon Saint Armor. If they fought, it was equivalent to exposing their strength and trump cards, losing the qualifications to compete for being first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking. If they were the only ones around, they wouldn’t have any reservations.

The Autumn Mountain Lord said, “Brother Lin, you don’t have to worry. The four of us can just follow what Brother Ji suggested earlier. We’ll determine the ranking with one attack. Regardless of the result, we won’t make a second move.”

“That works.” Xiao Yuanqi and Ji Lingfeng nodded. They both felt that it was a good suggestion.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

That was their decision if the two god generals didn’t barge in. This was the safest method because it wouldn’t cause any irreversible consequences.

Lin Yun knew that these people had misunderstood him. To determine the ranking with one fight, meant they would use their strongest attacks. But Lin Yun knew that his tribulation would arrive even if it was only one move. In order for those three not to have any regrets, he would have to place his life on the line.

“You guys really insist on fighting?” Lin Yun’s pupils flashed with annoyance.

“We insist!” The three spoke at the same time with fighting spirits blazing within their pupils. They had no intention of moving away.

The surroundings fell into a deadly silence, and no one cared about Ao Feng and Yan Cangming any longer. They were all nervously looking at this scene, and none of them dared to say a word because they knew that this was the final battle to determine the first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking.

Since they were going to compete in one move, this was bound to be a heaven-shattering clash. Everyone’s breathing became hurried, and they were curious about the outcome. Lin Yun might seem invincible amongst those at the Dragon Pulse Realm with the Heavenly Dome Sword Intent, but since Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and the Autumn Mountain Lord dared to stand out, they naturally have the confidence for doing so. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be stupid to stand out and court humiliation.

“You guys won’t regret it?” Lin Yun’s facial expression became grave.

“We won’t regret it.” Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and the Autumn Mountain Lord shook their heads.

Lin Yun briefly hesitated under Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and the Autumn Mountain Lord’s gazes before he said, “Then, the three of you can come at me together.”

His voice wasn’t loud, but it was like a huge rock falling into the river, causing a huge wave within everyone’s hearts and an unimaginable impact.

Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and the Autumn Mountain Lord wore a smile before they soon drooped the expressions on their faces. They even had a hint of anger within their pupils.

The Autumn Mountain Lord coldly said, “Brother Lin, this joke isn’t funny.”

A powerful gale swept out on the Thunderblood Battlestage. They were naturally unhappy with what Lin Yun said. Thus, this caused rage to rise within their hearts.

Lin Yun indifferently faced the wind and said, “I’m not done yet. If the wind is destined to not stop, why not let the wind come more violent? If there’s a fight destined between us, I’ll naturally accept it. If you guys won’t regret it, why will my sword leave any face for you, then?”

His words were like a rumbling thunder echoing within their ears, making them dumbfounded. They couldn’t imagine that Lin Yun, who kept a low profile so far, would have such an arrogant side to him.

“Hahaha! Well said!” Mei Zihua laughed out loud from a pavilion. As he got up, he smiled, “Since the beginning of the Divine Dragon Era, we don’t seek longevity and only pursue our dreams. Back then, Jian Jingtian made a bloodbath at the Profound Sky Sect in a rage, and he was imprisoned for eighteen years now. Today, we have the champion of the Nirvana Banquet, Lin Xiao, showing a demeanor not at all inferior to Jian Jingtian. Since you guys are going to fight, let me offer a war song for you guys!”

Mei Zihua sat with his legs crossed and started playing his zither on the pavilion.