Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1794 - Blood Never Dries (2)

As a reverberating phoenix cry echoed, Ji Lingfeng soared to the sky with his palm directed at Lin Yun. At the same time, a phoenix tree rapidly grew from the ground as a crimson phoenix appeared. Everything happened in the blink of an eye.

As the phoenix flapped its wings, a powerful wind blew with the sky covered in flames and the surrounding space trembling.

But Lin Yun merely raised his head and flicked his finger. The hundred thousand golden-purple dragon runes were like a hundred thousand swords flying from his body. When the dragon runes flew, they began to intertwine and formed into a hundred-foot Azure Dragon before coming in contact with the phenomenon.

This was a confrontation between a dragon and phoenix, creating a huge commotion with two terrifying shockwaves spreading out. Fine cracks began to appear on the barrier created by the dragon spirit enveloping the Thunderblood Battlestage, and this barrier that was further empowered by the dragon spirit nearly shattered.

With a loud explosion, the dragon and phoenix crumbled, forming a terrifying mixture of energy that felt like an erupting volcano. When Ji Lingfeng rushed out, he raised his palm and pushed it towards Lin Yun.

Lin Yun, who was standing on the Flower Burial Sword, twisted his body to the left and faced Ji Lingfeng’s palm head-on. When the two palms came in contact, the dragon origin ocean within their bodies rumbled, and their martial intents erupted.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ji Lingfeng wanted to inject his dragon origin into Lin Yun’s body, and it was best if he could injure the latter’s internal organs. But the dragon origin enveloping Lin Yun’s palm was like an indestructible wall with stirring thunderstorms, completely blocking Ji Lingfeng’s dragon origin.

As the two fell into a brief stalemate, they both formed a seal with their left hand, one executing a secret technique of the Phoenix Saint Canon, and the other activating the Netherflower.

Countless phoenix flowers flew out from Ji Lingfeng’s body. They were like rosy charming flowers emitting a sacred aura. It was as though there really was a phoenix being born within his body.

Within Lin Yun’s dragon origin ocean, the Dragon-Phoenix World Annihilating Cauldron flew out and a massive power fluctuated from the cauldron. His body was filled with unimaginable dragon origin at this moment, and the destructive aura filled Lin Yun’s pupils with blood traces.

Under a loud explosion, traces of blood dripped down from Ji Lingfeng’s lip, and he was sent flying away. The phoenix flowers began to shatter before exploding like fireworks. When he landed on the ground, Ji Lingfeng took several steps back before he managed to regain his foothold.

“How is this possible…?” Ji Lingfeng looked at Lin Yun in disbelief, and his pupils were filled with shock.

The entire Thunderblood Square fell into a dead silence, and only the melody of a zither could be heard, like a vibrating sword. Everyone on the Thunderblood Square could feel their scalps going numb, and they couldn’t utter a word while watching the fight.

Everyone could sense the unimaginable danger in the fight, and Lin Yun would be doomed if he was careless for a moment. But he ultimately held on. Not only did he fight Xiao Yuanqi, Ji Lingfeng, and the Autumn Mountain Lord in a row, he even obtained the upper hand in those fights. So it wasn’t an understatement to call it three consecutive wins.

Ji Lingfeng, Qiu Shanjun, and Xiao Yuanqi were famous, and just one of them possessed the strength to make it into the top ten on another region’s Dragon Pulse Ranking. But they weren’t able to get any advantage in their fight with Lin Yun.

He easily knocked back Xiao Yuanqi, who wanted to suppress him with his higher cultivation; the Autumn Mountain Lord, who wanted to rely on his powerful Dragon Clan’s body-refining technique; and Ji Lingfeng, who possessed the phoenix inheritance.

At this moment, everyone finally realized that Lin Yun wasn’t being arrogant at all, but he had the strength to back up his words.

“Let’s not hide our strengths any longer. Otherwise, we might suffer an even bigger loss.” Ji Lingfeng wiped the blood off his lips with a fighting spirit blazing within his pupils.

Xiao Yuanqi and the Autumn Mountain Lord also nodded their heads. They suffered a loss when they probed Lin Yun’s strength earlier, especially Ji Lingfeng, who suffered some injuries.

“Divine Phoenix Mountain, Ji Lingfeng.”

“Heavenly Dao Sect, Xiao Yuanqi.”

“Divine Dragon Empire, Autumn Mountain Lord.”

““Wishes to challenge the Nirvana Banquet’s champion!”” The three reported their background with grave expressions, no longer daring to look down on Lin Yun. The three of them soared to the sky and unleashed their attacks at Lin Yun.

Each of the three was unbelievably powerful. When the aura of their dragon pulses linked together, the power emanating from them was so terrifying that no one had the courage to look at them directly. Even before they did anything, the space around them was already trembling.

As the three approached, fine cracks began to appear on Lin Yun’s sword aura.

“Not good!”

“There’s no way Lin Yun’s Heavenly Dome Sword Intent can resist Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and Autumn Mountain Lord when they join hands together!” Everyone was shocked when they saw this scene. The Heavenly Dome Sword Intent might be practically invincible at the Dragon Pulse Realm, but that wasn’t absolute.

There was still a huge difference between their cultivations, not to mention that the three of them joining hands together was too terrifying. Under the pressure they gave off, even a Samsara Edict Realm expert would have to back away.

But Lin Yun could feel his blood boiling while looking at the three people charging over, and he was filled with fighting spirit. Ever since he grasped the Heavenly Dome Sword Intent, it had been a long time since he felt such pressure from someone of the same generation.

The Divine Dragon Era was where everyone would rather pursue their dreams over longevity.

As for his dragon tribulation? Let it come, then. He was determined to fight to his content today!

“Nirvana Banquet’s Champion, Lin Xiao. Accepts all your challenges!” Lin Yun's laughter roared. Under his hearty laughter, Lin Yun’s long hair flaunted his arrogance, and he rose to the sky before pressing his palm down on the three of them.

As long as his blood didn’t dry up, why would he fear a battle?

Seven dragon pulses reaching close to ten thousand feet appeared behind Lin Yun when he threw his punch forth. As the sky changed, the dragon pulses pierced through the horizon, and the aura from Lin Yun’s dragon pulses instantly surpassed Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and the Autumn Mountain Lord. His dragon pulses were so massive that they nearly covered the sky, blocking the sunlight out.

“How is this possible?!” Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and Autumn Mountain Lord were left dumbfounded by this scene.

Lin Yun’s dragon pulses, which were close to ten thousand feet, were like seven mountain ranges, massive and boundless.

“Is he still human?” Everyone at Thunderblood Square looked up with horror filling their pupils. They were all frightened by what they saw because it was beyond their imagination.

On a pavilion, Mei Zihua’s zither strings snapped. Even if he was experienced, he still couldn’t help opening his mouth wide when he saw the size of Lin Yun’s dragon pulses.

“Hahaha! Why do we have to fear a battle when our blood is boiling!” Lin Yun laughed with his pupils full of insanity.