Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1796 - Smile

Then Xiao Yuanqi’s martial intents formed into a cauldron, and his aura began to rise and soon broke through the shackles of the Dragon Pulse Realm.

Lin Yun raised his left hand, then yanked it backward. When his sword flew back to him, this made Xiao Yuanqi’s face change. He wanted to turn around to block this sword, but he was already in an attacking momentum, so it was too late for him to turn around. It was just like how difficult it was for an elephant to dance.

When Xiao Yuanqi raised his head, he instantly felt a chill run down his spine upon seeing how calm Lin Yun was. Did this mean Lin Yun already expected this, and he exposed an opening on purpose?

In the end, Xiao Yuanqi threw out a mouthful of blood and fell to his knees as the Flower Burial Sword pierced through his chest. The ancient cauldron he held onto began to dissipate and disappear. His attack was dissolved before it could even land close to Lin Yun.

“Not good!” Ji Lingfeng furrowed his eyebrows when the momentum behind his sword came to an end, and wanted to retreat.

But the moment he had this thought, he discovered that Lin Yun also loosened the grip on his blade. This further made him confused, wondering if Lin Yun had calculated he would retreat. This made Ji Lingfeng shudder with a chill running down his spine.

But Lin Yun didn’t give him the time to think, and he swiftly approached after letting go of his blade. He thrust his palm like a sword towards Ji Lingfeng’s chest before gathering a hundred thousand dragon runes on his left and slammed his palm onto the latter’s chest.

The dragon origin protecting Ji Lingfeng shattered, and the phoenix tree behind him crumbled. He was then sent flying out under the wail of a phoenix. In the blink of an eye, Lin Yun continued, and appeared before the Autumn Mountain Lord.

He stretched his hand forth. The Flower Burial Sword was connected to him, so it flew out of Xiao Yuanqi’s body. When he reached out, he grabbed onto his sword once again.

The Autumn Mountain Lord struggled back onto his feet, and quickly stopped moving when the sword tip was only an inch away from his forehead.

“You lost.” Lin Yun declared.

The Autumn Mountain Lord’s face was pale, and he felt powerless. The Thunderblood Square fell into silence because Lin Xiao won. Amongst the top three on the Dragon Pulse Ranking, one was on his knees, one lying on the ground, and one couldn’t move with the sword against his forehead.

Just when everyone was uncontrollably excited, Lin Yun suddenly retreated and they looked at him in shock before a wind blew Xiao Yuanqi away with a wave of his hand. With a gentle flick of his left hand, Ji Lingfeng was also blown away.

“You…” Just when the Autumn Mountain Lord wanted to speak, a wind blew over, throwing him off the stage.

This scene made everyone perplexed because there was no need for this. Lin Yun had already won the battle, so there was no need for him to humiliate the three of them any further. But before anyone could figure it out, a blinding bolt of lightning descended from the sky, shattering the barrier enveloping the Thunderblood Battlestage.

The bolt of lightning was aiming for Lin Yun’s head, containing boundless fury. Lin Yun avoided this lightning, and it fell on the stage, unleashing a horrifying explosive power that created cracks on the stage.

This made everyone take in a deep breath with their faces changed because this was the Thunderblood Battlestage. It was forged with thundermetal and further fortified with saint blood. Even a Samsara Edict Realm expert wouldn’t be able to destroy it.

But random lightning from the sky actually shattered the barrier and created cracks on the stage. Before everyone could respond, more lightning bolts fell from the sky, and the cracks around the Thunderblood Battlestage became even more terrifying.

When everyone raised their heads, they were so terrified that they couldn’t speak. They instantly recognized that the sky was covered with tribulation clouds, and they had never seen such terrifying tribulation clouds enveloping the entire Thunder Island before.

This wasn’t a tribulation on the level of Dragon Pulse Realm at all. This was the reason why everyone was speechless. When they came to their senses, they figured out that Lin Yun already knew his tribulation would descend, and this was the reason why he sent Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and Autumn Mountain Lord off the stage. This was so that they wouldn’t be caught in the tribulation; otherwise, they would die.

Suddenly, a bolt of lightning that was nearly a hundred meters in size fell from the sky. This caught everyone by surprise, and many people threw out a mouthful of blood. Everyone on the square was affected, and some weaker geniuses fell onto their knees, trembling in fear. Under the immense pressure, they couldn’t even circulate their dragon origin well.

The lightning engulfed the entire stage with a series of explosions causing heaven and earth to tremble. Everyone was struggling to stand still, and they quickly fled using their hands and feet.

This was because the tribulation was too terrifying, and it far surpassed their imagination. Not to mention this was just the beginning of the tribulation.

When the remnant power of the tribulation spread out, those who managed to get on their feet were blasted to the ground once more. The Thunderblood Battlestage was instantly turned into ruins, with countless huge rubbles flying around.

When they raised their heads, there were rocks flying around in the sky. After the shockwave settled down, Ji Lingfeng was the first to come to his senses. He anxiously yelled, “Lin Xiao! Lin Xiao! Where’s Lin Xiao?!”

Xiao Yuanqi and the Autumn Mountain Lord’s faces also changed. Their hearts were filled with guilt. After coming this far, how could they not know that Lin Yun already knew his tribulation would descend, and that this was the reason why he didn’t want to fight them.

When the tribulation really came, the first thing Lin Yun did was send them away, not wanting them to be caught in his tribulation. But the three of them were narrow-minded and only had first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking in their eyes.

“I’m a sinner…” The Autumn Mountain Lord’s lips trembled, with his pupils filled in pain and guilt.

“Quick, look at the sky!” After the shockwaves settled down, everyone raised their heads and saw a white-robed figure standing on the countless Thundermetal rocks hovering in the air.

His clothes were tattered, but he stood upright like a sword with his sword in his hand, looking at the thunderclouds.

“It’s Lin Xiao!”

“He’s up there!”Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

“He’s not dead yet!” An uproar broke out, and everyone’s eyes became watery under the shock. Occasionally, lightning would flash across the sky, and everyone could clearly see Lin Yun being reflected under the lightning. He looked like he was fighting heaven right now.

This moment was frozen for eternity, and Lin Yun raised his head while wielding his sword. There wasn’t a trace of fear on his face.

The three swordsmen beside Yue Weiwei were stumped when they looked at Lin Yun. Looking at the scene, they had a feeling that they could only look up to this person for the rest of their lives, and only two words pop-up in their mind right now: Sword God

If there was a sword god in the world, there was no question that Lin Yun would be it. As the tribulation continued, Lin Yun finally moved from the huge rubble.

His sword ray flashed like a dazzling sun, lighting the sky as if it was the day. The lightning would either be cut apart by his sword or fell on him, covering him in his own blood. He basked in his own tribulation and faced it with his sword.

His sword technique, physique, and dragon origin were undergoing a transformation. This was how tribulations worked. It was dangerous, but it was also an opportunity for him. He would undergo a transformation if he could endure it, and he would die if he couldn’t. If he couldn’t, he would lose his life here. Dao was ruthless, but it would also leave behind a ray of life.

Everyone watched as Lin Yun’s sword began to slow down, forming a drastic difference with the descending lightning. The faster the lightning fell, the slower his sword would become.

The sword technique he used was bizarre, as if it contained a supreme dao, seemingly profound. There was an invisible air current around the Flower Burial Sword. The air current was weak and nearly invisible to the naked eye. But Lin Yun could clearly see it with his Sword Heart. That was the rhythm of the Divine Firefly Sword, and the dazzling sword ray he released gradually became dim.

As more terrifying lightning descended from the sky, he felt severe pain all over his body. But he resisted with his Blue Dragon Saint Physique and didn’t stop swinging his sword.

This was weird and incomprehensible to everyone because Lin Yun’s sword technique seemed to be useless against the tribulation, and it wasn’t helping at all. At the same time, all the light and sword intent was dissolved, and everyone couldn’t find it.

A long time later, the sword ray released by Lin Yun disappeared, and the sky became dark. Only the lightning was still ferociously flickering in the sky.

But in reality, Lin Yun’s sword intent hadn’t become weak at all, and the sword intent contained in his sword ocean was horrifying. Before he knew it, three-quarters of Lin Yun’s sword intent was exhausted.

The sky became even darker, and everyone was shocked to discover that even the lightning had lost its light. It looked as though Lin Yun was the only person left in this entire world.

The power of the tribulation grew even more terrifying, and it was so powerful that it made their souls tremble. There was already no one left on the Thunderblood Square, and the power accumulated in the thunderclouds had reached an unbelievable height.

In the next moment, a vortex of lightning appeared, and the dazzling lightning made their eyes widen with shock. As lightning flowed in the vortex, it was flowing like magma.

Shortly after, a terrifying bolt of lightning descended from the sky towards Lin Yun, but Lin Yun moved at the same time. A small firefly suddenly bloomed without warning in the darkness. In the next second, Lin Yun’s gradually disappearing sword intent suddenly exploded, and the sword ray released on his sword exploded like a bright sun.

Lin Yun seemed tiny in comparison to the vortex, but this sword exploded with a torrential sword aura. The space violently trembled, and countless cracks appeared in the surrounding space, as if something was collapsing.

Lin Yun’s sword continued to slash, scattering the tribulation before he charged into the lightning vortex. Even the light of the fireflies can compete with the sun and moon.

The surrounding audience members exclaimed, and everyone couldn’t help covering their mouths with shock. A brief moment later, an explosion echoed and the thunderclouds exploded. As darkness receded, there was a figure hovering in mid-air. His clothes were tattered, but he looked untainted.

When he turned around, several strands of hair brushed across his face as a dashing smile appeared.