Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1797 - First on the Dragon Pulse Ranking!

Lin Yun wasn’t in a hurry to come down but landed on the Dragon Pulse Ranking, instead. The entire Thunderblood Square was in ruins, and there wasn’t any place for him to sit to recover and stabilize his cultivation.

Taking a deep breath, Lin Yun sat on the Dragon Pulse Ranking before closing his eyes. The danger earlier had far surpassed everyone’s imagination.

In the eyes of others, he charged into the thunderclouds and managed to come back alive, but they didn’t know that was his only way. If the Divine Firefly Sword couldn’t destroy the tribulation, there was a chance he might lose his life. Even if he wasn’t dead, he would probably be crippled. So he had no choice but to put his life on the line.

He had a lot of reservations earlier because he was afraid he might suffer irreversible injuries because of that. But after he successfully made it through his tribulation, he suddenly realized that it wasn’t as scary as he imagined. At the same time, his mental state also became a lot stronger than before.

“He really succeeded. Unbelievable… How did he manage to do it? I thought he’d die after charging into the vortex…”

“He’s definitely a genius from the Azure Dragon’s lineage. There are rumors the Blue Dragon Record will appear and the golden age will come again. In the future, more geniuses of hidden clans will also start appearing.”

“Compared to him, the other geniuses on the Dragon Pulse Ranking are a lot more inferior. Unless Jian Jingtian was still on it, the Eastern Desolation’s Dragon Pulse Ranking is nothing to Lin Xiao.”

“Most importantly, he’s also the Nirvana Banquet’s champion?”

“...” A discussion broke out amongst the crowd, and their eyes were filled with admiration when they looked at Lin Yun sitting on the Dragon Pulse Ranking.

The Sword Sect’s party was also shocked, and they immediately felt great pressure. After all, they were swordsmen, and they were pale in comparison to Lin Xiao.

“We really made the right decision to come. We won’t know how big the world is if we don’t go out.” Ji Shuxuan sighed, with everyone nodding their heads in agreement. If Lin Xiao didn’t appear, they wouldn’t be so disappointed because they were still young, and they had enough time to catch up with the three swordsmen.

But Lin Xiao was the Nirvana Banquet’s champion, and this made him seem high beyond their reach.

On the other hand, Zhao Yan’s eyes flickered brightly. The appearance of Lin Xiao proved the strength of a swordsman. He also pointed out a path for them, so they just had to keep walking forward.

Ji Lingfeng, Xiao Yuanqi, and the Autumn Mountain Lord all let out a breath of relief when they saw that Lin Yun was fine. If Lin Yun died in the tribulation, they would be responsible for it. They were upright, not to mention Lin Yun chased away the two God Generals from the Blood Moon Sect. So they would feel guilty if anything happened to him.

“Perhaps it’s time to make a breakthrough to the Samsara Edict Realm.” Ji Lingfeng sighed.

Xiao Yuanqi and the Autumn Mountain Lord were briefly stunned upon hearing that before they smiled wryly. They finally waited for Jian Jingtian to leave the Dragon Pulse Ranking, but they never expected Lin Xiao to appear out of nowhere. Becoming first on the Dragon Pulse Ranking was now a dream for them.

“The Azure Dragon Saint Physique and Heavenly Dome Sword Intent. Heh, don’t tell me that Lin Xiao is Flower Burial Lin Yun.” A playful tone suddenly resounded, and this instantly made the faces of those in the top ten change.

When they looked around, the one who spoke was the Wind Edge Lord, Liu Chengfeng.

“What do you mean? Have you gone mad after being slapped twice? Let’s not mention if Lin Xiao is Lin Yun. Even if he’s really Lin Yun, what has it got to do with you?” Ji Lingfeng said with his brows furrowed.

Xiao Yuanqi raised his head to look at the Wind Edge Lord, and said, “Don’t bullshit. Flower Burial possesses a supreme treasure, and his existence is taboo. What are you trying to do by slandering Lin Xiao being Lin Yun without any evidence?”

Everyone else looked at the Wind Edge Lord with a hint of disdain in their gazes because this person was too narrow-minded. Regardless of whether Lin Xiao really was Lin Yun, just spreading this rumor was enough for Lin Xiao to be a target for many people.

“There are some similarities between them, but there are more differences. There’s no way Flower Burial can become the Nirvana Banquet’s champion in one day and disguise himself under the Heavenly Origin Mirror.” The Autumn Mountain Lord said.

The Heavenly Origin Mirror could see through all disguises and illusions in the world. Even a saint wouldn’t be able to hide from it.

The Wind Edge Lord smiled, “I’m only talking about it casually, so there’s no need for everyone to be so emotional. The Heavenly Origin Mirror can see through disguises and illusions, but who knows if anyone manipulated the results based on his relationship with the Profound Fairy.

“Let’s just wait and see, then. No one can hide from the Dragon Pulse Ranking, and it’s fairer than the Heavenly Origin Mirror. We’ll soon know if he’s Flower Burial.” His words made everyone silent. Despite knowing that the Wind Edge Lord was trying to make Lin Yun a target for everyone, what he said also did make some sense. But it was impossible after pondering about it.

Firstly, Lin Xiao wouldn’t be so high profile if he was Flower Burial, and that wouldn’t explain his accomplishment in music dao, either. Most importantly, his sword techniques were different from Flower Burial’s.

No one was willing to believe that Flower Burial could be so strong without his usual sword techniques and secret techniques. In reality, the Wind Edge Lord also didn’t believe it, but that didn’t trouble him from trying to make Lin Xiao a target. Even if he couldn’t kill Lin Xiao, it was enough to disgust him.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

But if that person really was Lin Yun, it would make him a public target. After all, there were many saints in the Heavenly Domain’s Unholy Sea amongst the complicated forces. Who wouldn’t be tempted by the Firmament Saint Cloth?

Right then, a radiance shone out on the Dragon Pulse Ranking. It was Lin Yun, who had finished digesting his harvest. When a majestic aura swept out, eight dragon pulses appeared behind him, emitting terrifying pressure. If Lin Yun’s dragon pulses were close to ten thousand feet before, they had crossed the ten thousand feet mark now.

“No one can stop him now. If he doesn’t leave the Dragon Pulse Ranking, all the Dragon Pulse Realm geniuses will be suppressed by him in the Eastern Desolation.” Ji Lingfeng said softly. Not to mention that Lin Yun was only at the eighth pulse. What if he reaches the ninth pulse? How terrifying would his dragon pulses become? They couldn’t imagine it at all.

The Wind Edge Lord’s gaze flickered, and he was looking forward to seeing what name would appear on the Dragon Pulse Ranking later.

When Lin Yun opened his eyes, he was shocked to discover that he was pulled into an illusion. When he looked around, the illusion seemed familiar, and there were many names on it.

“So, it’s you.” A voice echoed just when Lin Yun was looking around.

When a blue dragon appeared, Lin Yun asked in shock, “Senior, who are you?”

“I’m the dragon spirit.” The Blue Dragon said. “When you attempted the Elysium Core Ranking, my clone had seen you before. You’re Flower Burial Lin Yun, not Lin Xiao!”

Lin Yun was startled because his Divine Tortoise Transformation was futile in front of the dragon spirit.

“You don’t have to be surprised. Did you forget that you left a droplet of blood on the Elysium Core Ranking?” The Blue Dragon explained. When it saw Lin Yun’s expression, it asked, “You don’t wish to reveal your identity?”

“Yeah.” Lin Yun nodded his head after a brief hesitation. “Senior, can you help me conceal my identity?”

After he finished asking, his heart began to beat wildly. This was a bold request because the dragon spirit was an artifact spirit, and it had no reason to help him. Perhaps because he possessed the Blue Dragon Saint Physique, Lin Yun felt a sense of intimacy when he saw the Blue Dragon, and he already sensed it when he was attempting the Elysium Core Ranking.

“I can.” The Blue Dragon said without any hesitation, agreeing to Lin Yun’s request.

Lin Yun was taken aback by the answer, since he couldn’t believe it.

“The Dragon Pulse Ranking and King Ranking are under the jurisdiction of the Blue Dragon Record. The Blue Dragon Record is the supreme treasure of the Dragon Gate. As long as you possess the Firmament Saint Cloth, I can’t refuse your offer.” The Blue Dragon explained.

Lin Yun was inwardly surprised, and he realized the origin of the Firmament Saint Cloth was more mysterious than he expected.

“But your secret as Flower Burial will be discovered sooner or later. When the Blue Dragon Record appears, all the Samsara Edict Realm experts from the four King Rankings will gather on the Blue Dragon Record, and the nine Heavenly Path’s champions will also appear.” The Blue Dragon said. “The predicament waiting for you is greater than you can imagine, and you can’t always escape.”

Lin Yun nodded his head because he didn’t plan to hide forever. Before the Blue Dragon Record appears, he needed sufficient strength that was far stronger than he was now.

Suddenly, Lin Yun was surprised and asked, “Doesn’t the Kunlun Realm have five Dragon Pulse Rankings? If that’s the case, there should also be five King Rankings. But why did you say only the geniuses on four King Rankings will gather on the Blue Dragon Record?”

“That’s because the Divine Dragon Empire has been forging their own divine artifact. The Divine Dragon Empire’s Dragon Pulse Ranking is different from the Eastern Desolation, Western Desert, Southern Border, and Northern Ridge. You will know about it in the future, but there’s no need to think so much now.” The Blue Dragon said.

“Thank you, Senior.” Lin Yun cupped his hands together and no longer asked about it.

When Lin Yun reopened his eyes, there were many people standing in the ruins down below, looking at the Dragon Pulse Ranking. Suddenly, an exclamation resounded because the names on the Dragon Pulse Ranking began to change.

“The Dragon Pulse Ranking is changing! It’s going to be re-ranked!”

“Haha! My ranking is higher this time! This Martial Dao Tea Party was all worth it.”

“Look at the top ten! The top ten!”

Everyone’s emotions became excited. Even Ji Lingfeng and the others turned their attention over, especially the Wind Edge Lord. They swiftly skimmed through the names and saw five words at the very top—Nirvana Banquet’s Champion, Lin Xiao.

This made everyone feel relieved because they were really scared by what the Wind Edge Lord said earlier. They naturally hoped that Lin Xiao wouldn’t be Lin Yun. Firstly, it would be a great blow to them. Secondly, they had a fairly good impression of Lin Xiao.

On the other hand, the Wind Edge Lord looked disappointed.

“You seem pretty disappointed.” A voice resounded and everyone raised their heads to see Lin Yun descending to the ground.

When the Wind Edge Lord saw Lin Yun, he was scared of his guilty conscience.

“He said you’re Flower Burial Lin Yun earlier.” Ji Lingfeng glanced at the Wind Edge Lord with disdain.