Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1812 - Greater Mastery in Heavenly Dome Sword Intent! (1)

Lin Yun stood on the pond within the Nine Lotus Diagram with seventeen thousand-foot long dragon pulses behind him. “My Heavenly Dome Sword Intent has reached the limit of lesser mastery, and it can reach greater mastery the moment I make it through this tribulation.”

The Heavenly Dome Sword Intent was divided into four masteries, initial, lesser, greater, and complete.

The difference wasn’t that great from initial to lesser masteries. But going from lesser to greater masteries would be a huge explosion in strength. As for complete mastery, Lin Yun still couldn’t imagine how powerful it would be.

Aside from that, this might be an opportunity for me to fuse the Azure Dragon Saint Physique and Blue Dragon Saint Physique. Lin Yun pondered to himself. He had a feeling that as long as he didn’t die under the tribulation, his physique would undergo a transformation. No treasure could be compared to the tribulation tempering his body.

It was just that most people’s faces would change after hearing a tribulation, not to mention trying to temper their physique through it. Lin Yun took out the Myriad Scales Armor and briefly looked at it before helplessly shaking his head. If he could put this on, the odds of him making it through the tribulation would greatly rise.

But because it’s marked by a saint, he couldn’t. If he couldn’t erase the saint’s mark, he wouldn’t be able to put the Myriad Scales Armor on.

“It’s a pity…” Lin Yun stowed the Myriad Scales Armor, and his gaze sank before he swiftly left the Nine Lotus Diagram. When he appeared on the sea, he waved his hand and the scroll rolled up before returning to his hand.

The next moment, Lin Yun would feel great pressure crashing down on him. When he raised his head, the sky was slowly changing. Everything progessed just as he had expected, his tribulation was descending even when he did nothing.

The main reason was that his cultivation already reached the limit of the eighth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm, and his body could no longer accommodate any accumulation and thus, attracting the attention of heaven dao. So there was no alternative aside from reaching the ninth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm. The Divine Tortoise Transformation could conceal his aura, but it couldn’t hide from the heaven dao.Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

“Come on.” Lin Yun gritted his teeth with a flash of ferocity in his pupils. He then stomped his foot on the sea. He faced his tribulation head-on and dashed towards the thunderclouds with dragon pulses appearing behind him.

When all eight dragon pulses bloomed, the thunderclouds began to overlap. Nine lightning bolts descended from the sky. The lightning was terrifying, and they took on a humanoid form when they got close.

They appeared to be alive, and their bodies were made of lightning that looked like magma with lightning flames blazing in their pupils.

As a series of explosions came from the sky, Lin Yun could hear roars reverberating within his ears. But ferocity flashed across Lin Yun’s face. He drew the Flower Burial Sword and charged at the nine lightning figures.

When he fought, lightning continued to fall onto him, covering his body with flickering lightning. The lightning shattered the dragon runes on the surface of his body, but his Blue Dragon Bone soon replenished them.

“Get lost!” Lin Yun swung his sword, unleashing a sword ray that shattered the nine figures.

“Blue Dragon Skybreaking Art!” Lin Yun roared, and a hundred thousand blue-jade dragon runes appeared on his body, wandering around his body along with the golden-purple dragon runes. As a loud explosion resounded, the lightning covering his body broke apart, and the two dragon runes left his body.

Then, the blue-jade dragon runes manifested into a Blue Dragon while the golden-purple dragon runes manifested into an Azure Dragon. When the two dragons hovered beside both of his shoulders, Lin Yun squinted his eyes and looked at the core of the vortex of the tribulation. Over there, the magma of lightning had formed into a terrifying space.

His goal was to charge over before using the magma of lightning to temper his physique and use his sword intent to confront the tribulation. After all, passively defending wasn’t a solution, and a swordsman must have their own pride. Even when facing the dragon tribulation, they must have the courage to face it with their sword.

An hour later, Lin Yun was covered in blood and finally reached that magma of lightning. That was the dragon tribulation pool, and the tribulation power contained within it was ten times more powerful than the outside world.

He stood on the cloud and briefly hesitated before he jumped into the pool. The moment he jumped in, his face immediately became distorted under the pain, and he couldn’t help letting out a ferocious roar. The lightning magma was as scorching hot as magma, and it didn’t take long for him to be completely submerged in it.

Lin Yun crossed his legs and closed his eyes before using his Heavenly Dome Sword Intent to resist the power contained within the lightning magma. When a golden radiance shone from his forehead, this represented his fangs as a swordsman.

This tribulation was a lot more terrifying than the tribulation he faced back at the Martial Dao Tea Party. This tribulation lasted for seven days, and the waves would roar on the sea with lightning occasionally descending from the sky.

Seven days later, an explosion echoed from the sky, and a sword vibration dispersed the thunderclouds. When the thunderclouds scattered, darkness resided and light returned to the world once more.

Lin Yun was seated on the white clouds in the sky. When he opened his eyes, he exhaled a long breath. But compared to the past, his eyes radiated with exhaustion, and his face was terrifyingly pale from the blood he lost. “I finally made it through.”

Fighting with heaven wasn’t easy, and Lin Yun took a deep breath before closing his eyes once more. Circulating the Blue Dragon Skybreaking Art, blue light flickered on the surface of his body. They were the blue-jade dragon runes.

His aura soon stopped declining, and his life force exploded like spring after the snowfall, bringing life to the grassland.

When Lin Yun opened his eyes again, nine dragon pulses bloomed behind him, and the size of each dragon pulse reached about twenty thousand meters, and they looked massive because they covered the sky.

He might be incomparable to his senior brother, Jian Jingtian, but he was definitely the most outstanding one amongst those of the younger generation.

“I wonder how Senior Brother managed to hold on with his dragon pulses reaching a hundred thousand feet…” Lin Yun muttered to himself, and his pupils were filled with admiration.

He could already sense that his physique was reaching a limit after his dragon pulses reached twenty thousand feet, and it was dangerous when he underwent his tribulation, facing life and death. But his brother held on for eighteen years.

If Lin Yun hadn’t take a step into the Samsara Edict Realm, he would’ve probably fallen because there was no way his physique would have accommodated his seventy thousand-foot long dragon pulses.

There was no way Lin Yun could follow Jian Jingtian’s path because he couldn’t afford to wait for over a decade. Furthermore, his physique couldn’t contain his dragon pulses if they reach a hundred thousand feet. The reason why Jian Jingtian was able to do it must because of his own opportunities, and there was a high possibility that it was related to the two missing peaks of the Sword Sect.

But Lin Yun had his own path, the extreme of each realm. He wanted to reach the tenth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm. Back in the Heavenly Pool Manor, he had already reached the ten-star Elysium Core Realm, thus laying down a solid foundation for him to reach the tenth-pulse Dragon Pulse Realm.

When Lin Yun flicked his finger, the Flower Burial Sword flew out and a massive sword intent burst out from him, soaring to the sky. His sword intent tore through thirteen layers of heaven. This meant he had finally made a breakthrough in his Heavenly Dome Sword Intent to greater mastery.