Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1847 - Rebirth

When Lin Yun reopened his eyes, he was clear about what kind of sword he wanted, and his sword ocean began to start boiling.

“My sword will never admit defeat.” Lin Yun muttered to himself, and his blood began to start boiling. His emotions became pure will that supported him undergoing the baptism of this tribulation. His physique might not be able to resist the tribulation, but his sword and sword intent did not fear death or lightning. That was his path towards being a Sword God!Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The thunderbolts did not stop because of Lin Yun’s awakening. On the contrary, the thunderbolts became even more ferocious, and Lin Yun was lying on the ground. His body was in a mess, and even his bones had suffered destructive damage.

The Blue Dragon Bone was powerful, but it was barely keeping up with his injuries because they were too heavy. The thunderbolts fell too quickly, and he still hadn’t completely treated his injuries. His injuries became more serious and continued to pile up. They even reached the limit of the Blue Dragon Bone and even over-exhausted it.

Regardless of the Azure Dragon Saint Physique or the Blue Dragon Saint Physique, they weren’t enough to resist the descending thunderbolts. He didn’t know how much time had passed, but his withered body gradually glowed. A black tortoise aura also began to appear within his sword heart, and the boundless lightning contained a boundless threat. Each strand of lightning contained the black tortoise saint aura of the Black Thunder Martial Emperor that brought a glimmer of life.

As long as he could bear it all, the black tortoise aura accumulated within his body would nourish his body. Lin Yun, who was lying on the ground, sat with his legs crossed and formed a seal with the black tortoise aura filling his body. He also activated the two saint physiques as the golden-purple and blue-jade dragon runes manifested into an azure dragon and a blue dragon that coiled around him.

While Lin Yun sat with his legs crossed, and he was like a divine sword that could subdue the two dragons. No matter how many thunderbolts fell, he stood like a divine sword and wasn’t wavered by the thunderbolts. On the contrary, the thunderbolts tempered his sword intent, purifying it.

The flow of time in this secret realm was slow, and Lin Yun didn’t know how much time had passed. Perhaps ten years have passed, or perhaps a hundred years have passed. His consciousness was in chaos, but Lin Yun knew that he couldn’t collapse now.

His journey as a Sword God had just begun. The Sword Sect was in danger, and his master might die at any moment. He wanted to save his Sword Sect and his master. He wanted to stand before Su Ziyao one fine day to fulfill his promise. This was the motivation that kept him moving forth.

Suddenly, silver lightning flickered in the sky and condensed into nine ancient lightning serpents, with each reaching ten thousand feet. As the lightning serpents intertwined together, they ultimately formed into a ferocious beast with nine heads. This was an ancient ominous beast comparable to Divine Dragons, the Nine-Headed Hydra!

The nine heads were terrifying as they stared at Lin Yun with lightning flames of different colors flickering within their pupils, and they each felt terrifying.

“Is this the last part of the tribulation?” Lin Yun’s eyes flickered, and he had no trace of fear in his pupils. The sword intent within his body roared, and the two dragons beside him became furious. This naturally made the Nine-Headed Hydra feel challenged as its nine heads furiously roared before rushing at him with the last wisp of energy left behind by the Black Thunder Martial Emperor.

When the Nine-Headed Hydra dove at him, this plunged Lin Yun into great fear. This was the emperor aura that was left behind by the Black Thunder Martial Emperor. It was too terrifying, and he had never felt something like this before. It naturally drew out the fear within Lin Yun’s heart. His legs began to wobble and wanted to lower his head from looking at it directly.

But under this suppression, his sword intent was nourished under the pressure and slowly broke through its shackles without fear. There was no suspense, and the Nine-Headed Hydra fell onto Lin Yun. His body began to evaporate, since this power wasn’t something that could be resisted.

In the end, he was only left with his skeleton. His flesh and blood were gone, and there were only ashes left on the ground. The skeleton was seated on the ground shrouded in a blood mist. But the skeleton also didn’t last long and gradually disintegrated, soon reducing to a pile of ashes.

The Nine-Headed Hydra ravaged for a long time. Only the nine different colored flames from its pupils remained. The nine-colored Black Thunder Sacred Flames were shrouded within the blood mist, and this continued for a long time.

If one carefully looked at it, they would be able to see the blood mist from the surroundings gradually condensing under the nine-colored sacred flames. The ashes on the ground also began to gather. He might have lost his old body, but his new body was being reborn within the flames and ashes.

As the nine-colored lightning flickered, the blood mist gathered and a new physique was soon formed under the nine-colored sacred flames. The body was exactly like Lin Yun’s old body; however, he was emitting a majestic aura from his pupils.

“What’s going on?” Lin Yun looked at his body in a daze. His current body had returned from Lin Xiao to Lin Yun. Looking at his hands, Lin Yun could sense a terrifying power coursing through his body. The nine lightning flames were stored in nine acupoints within his body.

Lin Yun was then surprised because he recognized the Black Thunder Sacred Flame. Was this the surprise the Black Thunder Martial Emperor mentioned? But it felt even stronger than the ordinary Black Thunder Martial Emperor, and he faintly had a guess as he thought of the majestic emperor aura. If nine wisps of Black Thunder Sacred Flames were combined with it, it would form into the Black Thunder Emperor Flame. Was it a gift from the Black Thunder Martial Emperor? Wasn’t this grace a little too huge?

With a single thought, the golden-purple and blue-jade dragon runes appeared at the same time, and they reached one hundred eighty thousand each. This made him slightly raise his brow. Also, each of his dragon pulses have reached an exaggerated size of thirty thousand feet.

Lin Yun picked up his interspatial pouch and changed his clothes before he began to examine his body. There was nothing unusual about his body. His Azure Dragon Saint Physique and Blue Dragon Saint Physique had gotten a lot stronger than before as well.

Even the Demigod Wine that lingered within his body before still remained, awaiting him to make a breakthrough to the Samsara Edict Realm.

“How amazing.” Lin Yun sighed, flicking his finger.

The entire heaven and earth began to tremble, and a terrifying sword intent burst out. The entire space was filled with his sword intent, and Lin Yun was shocked to discover that his sword intent had reached complete mastery through this temperament.

“Oh my god!” Lin Yun was completely stunned. He couldn’t conceal the excitement within his pupils. It had only been just a while, and his Heavenly Dome Sword Intent had reached complete mastery. In addition to his Azure Dragon Intent reaching the sixth grade, even he had no idea how strong he had become.

Based on his current strength, he was even confident in facing those at the pinnacle of the seventh stage Profound Life Stage. Even without the Golden-Purple Dragon Crown, Lin Yun could still face those people head-on.

“I’ll consolidate my cultivation first.” Lin Yun calmed himself down and sat with his legs crossed together. He had returned to his initial appearance, and the purple mark on his forehead made him seem even more bewitching. He was consolidating his sword intent and dragon origin.

As the dragon origin surged within his violet palace, it was like an erupting volcano that emitted a terrifying power. When the power filled his body, Lin Yun was trying to test the limit of his physique. He wanted to try to control the nine lightning flames because there was a pattern to everything. With the great boost in his strength, it had far surpassed Lin Yun’s control.

In many cases, once people gained power far beyond their control, regardless of wealth or strength, bad things were prone to happen. If he ran amok, even good things would become bad.

Lin Yun was excited, but he was calm in his heart. Just a moment ago, he had completely digested the energy, and this meant he had gained complete control over it.