Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1857 - Profound Life Stage

Everyone was startled by the sudden outburst of murderous intent coming from Lin Yun. At this moment, Lin Yun was like an asura who came from hell, looking at Cheng Tong’s corpse. Despite the fury in his heart, his face was calm and cold, making everyone’s heart jump. He only met with Cheng Tong, and he could tell that Cheng Tong had suffered a lot of torture. This meant he persisted for a long time before ratting him out.

“Champion of the Nirvana Banquet, come with us!” Liu Chen indifferently looked at Lin Yun.

“He’s a disciple of the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion. You want to take him away as you wish?” Gu Jun released his Quasi-Saint’s aura.

“Ha.” Liu Chen coldly said, “The disciple of the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion can kill the heir of my Liu Saint Clan? My father already said to capture Lin Xiao if he’s willing to come. If he’s not willing, we’ll bring his head over.”

When he finished, the two Quasi-Saints beside him dashed forth. This immediately made Mei Zihua and An Liuyan nervous. Even Gu Jun’s expression became grave and nervous. He could only block a Quasi-Saint, and the other Quasi-Saint could easily capture Lin Yun’s group of three.

Not to mention Liu Chen was at the pinnacle of the Profound Death Stage. Aside from that, he also had seven profound Death Stage experts around him.

The holy lands’ Quasi-Saints all showed displeasure on their faces because Liu Chen was a little too arrogant, wanting to forcibly bring Lin Xiao away before them and even sealing off the entire pier. Even if the Liu Saint Clan had joined the Divine Dragon Empire, it was only an Ancient Saint Clan, and it wasn’t a particularly powerful one amongst the Ancient Saint Clans. So they were nothing before the holy lands.

The Heavenly Dao Sect’s Jiang Yang asked, “Isn’t the Liu Saint Clan a little too barbaric? Let’s not mention if Lin Xiao really killed the Wind Edge Lord. Even if he did, he doesn’t deserve to die.”

The Divine Phoenix Mountain’s Quasi-Saint sneered, “It’s clear that Chen Tong obviously had something to say, and who knows, maybe the Wind Edge Lord wanted to kill Lin Xiao and got killed instead. This is the reason why you silenced him so quickly.”

“That’s right. Since when can the Liu Saint Clan do whatever they want in Heavenly Domain City?”

“Who in the world doesn’t know that the Wind Edge Lord repeatedly lost to Lin Xiao and even spread rumors to slander him? It’s not an exaggeration that he courted death!”

“Lin Xiao is a disciple of the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion, and your Liu Saint Clan has no right to take him away.” When Jiang Yang spoke out, the other holy lands’ Quasi-Saints also spoke out. After all, they owed Lin Yun a favor, and there was no way they could watch Lin Yun bring taken away before their eyes. If they allowed that to happen, it would be a great humiliation to those who were from the holy lands. Moreover, the Liu Saint Clan was nothing in the eyes of the holy lands.

The Liu Saint Clan might have some influence in Heavenly Domain City, but were nothing outside it.

The holy lands standing out clearly caught Liu Chen by surprise, and he gritted his teeth, “You guys want to interfere in the private matters of my Liu Saint Clan?”

The other Quasi-Saints didn’t say anything, and their intentions were clear.

Right then, Huang Xuanyi stood out after receiving an instruction. He chuckled, “This has nothing to do with the Ming Cult.”

The Ming Cult’s Quasi-Saint said, “My Ming Cult won’t interfere if the Liu Saint Clan wants to kill him.”

The Quasi-Saint wearing a bamboo hat beside Liu Chen smiled, “So the five holy lands want to join hands to bully the Liu Saint Clan?”Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He didn’t seem to be from the Liu Saint Clan, and he had no fear even when facing the holy lands’ Quasi-Saints.

“So what if we bully you?” The Divine Phoenix Mountain’s Quasi-Saint snorted. “Isn’t your Liu Saint Clan bullying Lin Xiao by bringing two Quasi-Saints over? What are you guys trying to do here? Trying to kill him in front of us?”

“Then I’ll kill him in front of you guys today!” The man removed his bamboo hat, revealing a face that made everyone’s expressions change.

“Zhuge Qingyun!” Gu Jun exclaimed. Zhuge Qingyun was famous as Tian Xuanzi’s strongest disciple. Before Jian Jingtian made a breakthrough, he was known to be invincible beneath the Saint Realm.

“It’s really him…” The Ming Cult’s Quasi-Saint was surprised, but the corner of his lips soon curled up. He initially planned to watch from the sideline as the two sides fought, but things changed with the appearance of Zhuge Qingyun.

Lin Yun recalled his gaze from Cheng Tong. When he saw Zhuge Qingyun, the chill within his pupils grew even denser because the Liu Saint Clan had taken the last straw by joining forces with the Profound Sky Sect.

“The Liu Saint Clan managed to invite Zhuge Qingyun? It looks like you guys already planned on taking my life.” Lin Yun said indifferently while looking at Liu Chen.

Liu Chen raised his head with murderous intent flashing within his pupils. He snorted, “So what? You’re the one I’m killing today, and my brother’s death will be paid in blood! Brother Zhuge, please stop the Quasi-Saints from interfering. I’ll slaughter that brat myself!”

“How dare you!” The Quasi-Saint of the Divine Phoenix Sect flew into rage along with the other Quasi-Saints. The Liu Saint Clan was really bold not to put the holy lands in their eyes.

“Gentlemen, let us not act rashly.” Zhuge Qignyun took a step forth, and the aura he gave off easily bounced back the aura from the five Quasi-Saints. This naturally made everyone shocked.

Wearing a smile, Zhuge Qingyun placed his hands into his sleeves and looked at the five Quasi-Saints with a playful smile, “You guys want to play?”

He was clearly alone, but the aura he gave off easily suppressed the five. Gu Jun wanted to help, but he was watched closely by the Quasi-Saint from the Liu Saint Clan. As for Mei Zihua, he was anxious, but he didn’t know what to do.

“Elder Gu will keep an eye on the Liu Saint Clan’s Quasi-Saint while we hold back the other Profound Death Stage cultivators.” An Liuyan’s words made Mei Zihua calm down.

“Ha, let me see who else can save you!” Liu Chen released his aura at the pinnacle of the Profound Death Stage and dashed forth.

As a dazzling sword ray shone from within Lin Yun, he moved like an azure dragon with a powerful gale and roaring lightning accompanying him. He was much faster than before after his Azure Dragon Intent reached the sixth grade.

When Lin Yun and Liu Chen crossed paths, they both exchanged a gaze with their pupils filled with murderous intent.

What a fast speed! Liu Chen was surprised that Lin Yun was actually faster than him. But his cultivation was at the pinnacle of the Profound Death Stage, and he drew out a sword when they crossed paths. “Die!”

When he grabbed onto his sword, a crimson radiance shone from his body, with his sword being thrust towards Lin Yun’s throat.

Lin Yun didn’t bother dodging his attack at all. He reached out with his hand, wanting to grab Liu Chen’s sword.

“How ignorant.” Liu Chen sneered, and the dragon origin on his sword surged once again, flicking his wrist, wanting to engulf Lin Yun’s entire arm. But when his sword fell onto Lin Yun’s arm, it felt like it had landed on a saint artifact, creating a metallic clash.

Before Liu Chen came to his senses, Lin Yun had already grabbed onto his sword and snapped it into two. This made the sword pieces fly about and immediately made everyone scatter to avoid the sword fragments.

Having his sword destroyed, Liu Chen was shocked. When he raised his head, he saw Lin Yun’s cold and indifferent gaze. Lin Yun’s eyes were filled with murderous intent, giving him the illusion that countless skeletons surrounded Lin Yun, with the floor turning into a sea of blood.

This naturally scared Liu Chen to retreat because the murderous intent within Lin Yun’s pupils was too terrifying, making his scalp tingle.

“You think you can flee?” Lin Yun wore an indifferent smile. His speed was like a ghost, causing the surrounding space to distort, with his palm landing on Liu Chen’s chest. The impact made Liu Chen groan out in pain as he retreated, and this naturally caused an uproar. After all, who could imagine that Liu Chen would be injured in a frontal confrontation with Lin Yun?

“Young Master!” The eyelid of the Liu Saint Clan’s Quasi-Saint twitched, wanting to help. After all, the Liu Saint Clan had already lost the Wind Edge Lord, and they would become a laughingstock within Heavenly Domain City if they lost Liu Chen.

“Don’t come! I’ll kill him myself!” Liu Chen was furious because his wounds weren’t heavy, and his aura soon dispelled the sword intent left within his body. It was just that it made him look embarrassed, and it was mainly because he was scared by Lin Yun earlier, or he wouldn’t have fallen for it.

“Let me see what capability a puny rat at the Dragon Pulse Realm like you has!” Liu Chen roared, charging at Lin Yun. He was cautious this time, using his cultivation to suppress the space Lin Yun was in before pushing his palm forth.

Lin Yun waited until Liu Chen got close to him before pushing his palm forth. When the two palms collided, the scene of Lin Yun being heavily injured that everyone was expecting didn’t take place. On the contrary, Lin Yun stood firmly like an immovable mountain with densely packed silver scales covering the surface of his body, and a dragon armor enveloped him.

“The Myriad Scales Armor!” Liu Chen instantly recognized the armor that Lin Yun was wearing, and this naturally made him furious. “Lin Xiao, how dare you!”

Lin Yun killed the Wind Edge Lord and even used the Myriad Scales Armor in public, naturally making Liu Chen even more furious.

“This Myriad Scales Armor belonged to your brother and is pretty useful. Oh, I forgot to tell you that your brother didn’t go peacefully. Since I couldn’t injure him because of the Myriad Scales Armor, I could only break his bones piece by piece. His death wasn’t peaceful, and he begged for mercy before he was killed…” Lin Yun’s said, his words making everyone’s scalps go numb. They couldn’t imagine the death scene of the Wind Edge Lord.

“Lin Xiao!” Liu Chen’s heart was in turmoil, his eyes becoming bloodshot. Since he had lost his composure, he naturally had his flaws exposed.

On the contrary, Lin Yun was terrifyingly calm, activating the Myriad Scales Armor and instantly causing cracks in Liu Chen’s aura. As blood dripped out of the corner of Liu Chen’s lips, he took several steps back, with Lin Yun taking this opportunity to step forth and push his palm forth.

This time, Lin Yun easily sent Liu Chen flying back while using the Myriad Scales Armor, causing Liu Chen to fall to the ground.

“Lin Xiao, I’ll kill you!” Liu Chen soared to the sky, unleashing seven profound life and death channels simultaneously, with his aura reaching a terrifying height.

Even if Lin Yun wore the Myriad Scales Armor, the aura exploding from Liu Chen still pushed him back. He closed his eyes and allowed the powerful gale to blow on his hair. No matter how violent Liu Chen’s aura was, Lin Yun simply stood there like a mountain with the scenes of Cheng Tong’s death in his mind.

The life of Liu Chen’s brother was important, but the lives of others were nothing to him? How could there be such a reason in this world?

Lin Yun’s fury reached a limit with dragon origin filling his whole body, and the Demigod Wine within his body started gushing out. When he reopened his eyes, he saw Liu Chen charging at him. At the same time, seven loud booms echoed from within his body, and his aura began to rise.

Just like that, Lin Yun made a subsequent breakthrough under the eyes of everyone, reaching the Profound Life Stage and instantly reaching the seventh channel. When the seven booms reverberated, the soundwaves caused the pier to tremble.

The aura he gave off was violent, and it shocked everyone. After all, he immediately jumped to the pinnacle of the Profound Life Stage of the Samsara Edict Realm.

Under his aura, Lin Yun easily raised his hand and sent Liu Chen flying away. As he soared to the sky, he coldly looked at Liu Chen, “No one can save you today!”