Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1863 - Song and Dance

Mei Zihua and An Liuyan were unable to last long before they were sent flying away. With that, Lin Yun was the only one left. The Flower Burial Sword flew and coiled around him, emitting a powerful sword intent to resist the aura of the Zhuge Qingyun.

Zhuge Qignyun looked at Lin Yun. For some reason, he didn’t make a move, but slowly said, “You really share an uncanny resemblance with that person. You’ve grown so much in just one year, and you’re not at all inferior to Jian Jingtian.”

“If I’m him, do you even dare to attack me?” Lin Yun smiled.

Zhuge Qingyun was briefly taken aback with his pupils squinting. He was briefly puzzled before he was a little intimidated by the fangs Lin Yun showed. Narrowing his eyes, Zhuge Qingyun coldly asked, “Are you trying to scare me?”

Lin Yun could even kill a Great Saint with the Firmament Saint Cloth. If Lin Xiao really was Lin Yun, no one would dare to touch him and force him to use the Firmament Saint Cloth. Naturally, even Zhuge Qingyun wouldn’t dare to force Lin Yun to that point. After all, he had personally witnessed how Lin Yun killed the Nether Divinity Ancestor back then.

“Why don’t you come and try it, then.” Lin Yun said, raising his brow. He had already decided to kill Zhuge Qingyun no matter what, even if he had to reveal his identity today. If Zhuge Qingyun dared to make a move, he would bring out the Sovereign Artifact, the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella.

If he uses it now, he wouldn’t have to pay a great price, like he did in the past. A dragon’s soul was refined into the umbrella, making it much more powerful than before.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Heh.” Zhuge Qingyun’s pupils flashed with mockery. He sneered, “Do you think I’ll fall for your trick? I have over a hundred ways to kill you without getting close.”

“Profound Sky Canon—Universal Reversal!” Zhuge Qingyun clasped his hands together and resorted to the move he previously used to injure the five Quasi-Saints.

Suddenly, flute music echoed between heaven and earth, with every musical note seeming like a sharp sword. The music made heaven and earth tremble with the ocean rumbling.

The seven wheels created by Zhuge Qingyun were pierced with holes. As the light shone down from those holes, they easily left massive craters on the ocean, causing the entire ocean within ten thousand miles to rumble.

This made Zhuge Qingyun throw out a mouthful of blood, and he was sent flying away before he could even unleash his attack. The seven wheels also began to crumble under everyone’s gazes, naturally shocking everyone there.

On the other hand, Gu Jun was excited, and muttered, “It’s Saint Elder! Saint Elder is here!”

“Imperial Tone…” Zhuge Qingyun slowly landed on the ocean with his face becoming uncertain.

“Zhuge Qingyun, no one can injure my big brother!” A lady in red descended from the sky, and a white woman was holding a flute beside her. The lady in red’s hair fluttered in the wind as she descended, looking extraordinary. She looked ethereal, as if she didn’t belong to the mortal realm, having an indescribable beauty, as though everything else in the world was dim when compared to her. She was naturally Yue Weiwei.

Looking at Yue Weiwei heading towards Lin Yun, Mu Xueling gently shook her head. She gave off a sacred and celestial temperament that was fitting for the Saint Elder of the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion everyone had heard of. But only a few people have seen her before.

“It’s Mu Xueling, the Saint Elder of the Heavenly Fragrance Pavilion?”

“I heard that she’s from the Heavenly Fragrance Divine Mountain.”

“She’s Mu Xueling.” Many people couldn’t help looking at Mu Xueling and couldn’t take their eyes off of her. After all, there had always been a legend revolving around her.

Just when everyone’s thoughts were drifting away, Mu Xueling turned to look in a direction where three outbursts of saint aura appeared. The saint auras came from the three Saints of the Liu Saint Clan, and this instantly made everyone’s faces change.

They were the ones who sealed off the pier. They appeared because they sensed Mu Xueling’s presence. Now that Mu Xueling had come, they naturally didn’t have to conceal themselves anymore.

“We have long heard of the Saint Elder’s name, but I’m afraid we will have to offend you today.” The three Saints didn’t look at Lin Yun, but their gazes were on Mu Xueling, instead.

“Qing Feng.”

“Sui Yu.”

“Feng Yuan.”

“Please advise us.” The three Saints reported their names before cupping their hands and dashing towards Mu Xueling. The saint aura released by them covered the sky, and this made the faces of everyone change.

Saint aura bloomed from Mu Xueling’s forehead, and she raised the flute to her lips once more. When she played the flute, a towering tree suddenly appeared that was rooted on her flute. At the same time, the saint aura began to rise as she played her flute.

In the blink of an eye, the tree grew to a thousand feet with multiple suns growing on the tree branches. Those suns looked like fruits. When eighteen suns appeared, they emitted a dazzling brilliance that sent the three Saint Lords flying away with their saint auras crumbling.

“The Heavenly Mulberry!” The faces of the three Saint Lords changed. But they were determined to take down Mu Xueling today, so they dashed forth again.

As Yue Weiwei descended from the sky, Lin Yun asked, “When did you come?”

“A long time ago. The Wind Edge Lord was vicious with his rumors, and I predicted that Big Brother Lin wouldn’t let him off, based on your temper. Thus, I have been paying attention to the Liu Saint Clan, and I was initially worried when you hadn't returned.” Yue Weiwei smiled.

“Will Saint Elder be fine?” Lin Yun asked.

“Hehe. Don’t worry about it because big sister is really strong.” Yue Weiwei smiled.

“I see…” Zhuge Qingyun smiled when he saw this scene. He was frightened by Mu Xueling’s appearance earlier, and was doubtful as to why the Liu Saint Clan’s powerhouses didn’t appear. It turned out that the Liu Saint Clan had long sent three Saint Lords over. They had really hidden them deeply, and even fooled him.

Zhuge Qingyun turned to look at Lin Yun, and smiled, “Who else can save you now?”

With a single thought, the shattered wheels slowly flew back and reorganized. Zhuge Qingyun now paid no attention to his injuries and wanted to take this opportunity to kill Lin Xiao.

Lin Yun naturally sensed his moment and wanted to step forth, but Yue Weiwei stopped him.

Yue Weiwei turned around with her pupils shining brightly. She smiled, “Big Brother Lin, can you let me stand before you this time?”

Before Lin Yun could say another word, Yue Weiwei smiled, “Actually, Yue Weiwei is really strong. I have dragged you down on the Heavenly Path, so let me stand before you this time.”

Lin Yun wanted to refuse, but Yue Weiwei held onto his hand even tighter. Raising her head, Yue Weiwei’s pupils welled up with tears, “Big Brother Lin, let Weiwei stand before you this time. I don’t know when we will meet again, so let me dance for you.”

“You saw it all?” Lin Yun asked.

“Yeah.” Yue Weiwei nodded with tears in her pupils. She saw how Lin Yun was sent flying from Zhuge Qingyun’s palm with the Myriad Scales Armor caving in.

Lin Yun knew Yue Weiwei was feeling heartache for him, so he ultimately nodded.

As Yue Weiwei joyfully wept, she smiled, “Big Brother Lin, play a song for me.”

“What do you want to hear?”

“Ni Chang Dress Song.” Yue Weiwei said.

Lin Yun took out the Divine Indigo Jade Bamboo Flute and played the Ni Chang Dress Song. When his music spread out, it soon captivated everyone.

Yue Weiwei finally moved, floating in the sky by gently tapping her foot on the ground. The light that shone down from the sky formed ribbons that coiled around her. At the same time, a seal appeared on Yue Weiwei’s forehead and a certain mysterious power that was sealed within her body slowly began to be released.

Looking from a distance, the ribbons looked like fluctuating waves with Yue Weiwei dancing on them. The red ribbons looked like a massive ocean, and Yue Weiwei was dancing on the ocean. The dance performed by her was so beautiful that it couldn’t be described with any words.

But when her gaze fell onto Zhuge Qingyun, her smile became eerie, making everyone shudder. Her face was filled with murderous intent, and Yue Weiwei roared before she rose from the ocean, “Wind Bearing Four Seas!”

When Zhuge Qingyun saw this scene, he was startled, overwhelmed by the rumbling waves. This instantly made the corner of Zhuge Qingyun’s eyes twitch with a bad premonition rising in his heart, “The Nine Profound Heavenly Dance!”