Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1893 - Fancied For Years (2)

“Hehe, this letter is cheesy. I’m afraid that he won’t fall for it,” Lil’ Purple said with her eyes squinted.

“Oh, and pluck a strand of hair as well. Never mind, I’ll do it myself.” Before Lil’ Purple could respond, Lin Yun plucked a strand of hair from her.

“Ouch, that hurts!” Lil’ Purple pouted her lips while rubbing her head.

But Lin Yun ignored her complaint and placed the strand of hair with the letter. He said, “Alright. You can go now, and keep in mind to be cautious.”

“Hmph. You don’t have to worry about that since I’m personally making a move. Tonight, I’ll scout the entire Dao Yang Palace.” Lil’ Purple was excited about the ‘mission’ she was given and quickly ran out of Lin Yun’s courtyard with Lil’ Red.

After Lin Yun stowed the letter, he headed to the Indigo Thunder Peak’s main hall and met the Indigo Thunder Peak Master, who was cultivating with his eyes closed.

The Indigo Thunder Peak Master opened his eyes and asked, “Ye Qingtian, how did you know that I was here?”

“The other peak masters already left, and yet only you stayed behind. You’re signaling that you have something to tell me,” Lin Yun casually said as he sat down.

“I never realized you’re pretty smart,” Indigo Thunder Peak Master sighed.

“That’s because you’ve never intended to take a look at me in the past,” Lin Yun smiled.

That was the truth because the Indigo Thunder Peak Master was at the ninth stage of the Quasi-Saint Realm and was only one step away from reaching the Saint Realm. Not to mention Ye Qingtian, the Indigo Thunder Peak Master, probably wouldn’t be bothered about the other saint disciples on Indigo Thunder Peak.

“I already knew about the matter with Zhang Yue. He won’t dare to do anything to you within the Heavenly Dao Sect, but don’t be carried away by your emotions,” the Indigo Thunder Peak Master changed the topic.

“Peak Master, what are you talking about? He’s a saint disciple at the Nirvana Stage, and I’ll be fortunate if he doesn’t come to look for me. So why would I possibly be impulsive?” Lin Yun smiled.

“It’s good that you know. But…” the Indigo Thunder Peak Master smiled, nodding his head. For some reason, he wasn’t relieved about Ye Qingtian, especially when he heard that Ye Qingtian nearly lost his temper today. When he left the daofield, he even broke a stone pillar with a punch. Those stone pillars might not be saint artifacts but they were empowered with saint runes.

That also made him feel weird because the Ye Qingtian he knew was arrogant, and he wouldn’t have any reservations about teasing Bai Shuying. But why did he lose his temper when it came to Miao Yin? It was so unlike him to be so righteous.

“But what?” Lin Yun smiled with a wink, but his facial expression was serious.

“Forget about it. I’ll stop beating around the bush,” said the Indigo Thunder Peak Master. “Elder Long Yun wishes to take you in as his disciple.”

“Who’s he?” Lin Yun asked curiously.

“The Saint Elder who hosted the conferring ceremony today. You even threatened that you’d give him a beating in the future. What’s the matter? You forgot about it so quickly?” The Indigo Thunder Peak Master teased with a smile on his face.

Lin Yun was dumbfounded when he heard that and had no idea how to respond.

“Don’t look down on him. He’s a Great Saint,” said the Indigo Thunder Peak Master when he saw that Lin Yun wasn’t replying.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

When he heard that, Lin Yun’s teacup fell onto the ground, then he muttered, “He’s a Great Saint?”

He was utterly dumbfounded and could feel a chill run down his spine because he was arrogant during the day. He couldn’t believe that he publicly declared that he would give a Great Saint a beating in the future.

He now knew why everyone looked at him as if they were looking at a fool back then. What he said wasn’t just courting death but was no different from digging a grave for himself.

“Look at how terrified you are. Don’t tell me that you thought that he’s only a Saint Lord? Even a Saint Lord can easily crush you to death, but the Dragon Origin Great Saint won’t lower himself to your level,” the Indigo Thunder Peak Master said with disdain. “The other peak masters were criticizing you when you couldn’t obtain the sacred flame back then, asking to have you removed from the altar. But the Dragon Origin Great Saint said that if the ancestors didn’t accept you, he’d take you in as his disciple, instantly shutting everyone’s mouths.”

Lin Yun’s facial expression immediately became awkward when he heard that. He never expected the Saint Elder holding the ceremony to be a Great Saint, nor that he would have such a vast breadth of mind. After hearing what the Indigo Thunder Peak Master said, Lin Yun couldn’t help feeling ashamed for what he did during the day.

“The moment he accepts you as his disciple, you will immediately become a saint’s disciple. The greatest benefit of becoming a saint’s disciple is that you can go to the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda.” The Indigo Thunder Peak Master continued. “In the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda, cultivating there for a month is only equivalent to fifteen minutes in the outside world.”

Lin Yun was alarmed to hear that the Heavenly Dao Sect had a time-space treasure, and he exclaimed, “There’s such a treasure in the Heavenly Dao Sect?!”

He had only heard of time-space treasures before and never expected that holy lands possessed them.

“You’re only an inner disciple in the past, and there are many secrets you’re unaware of. The treatment of a saint’s disciple is different. Without the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda, how do you think those saint’s disciples can reach the Nirvana Stage at such a young age?” The Indigo Thunder Peak Master continued, “Furthermore, you’ll become the disciple of a Great Saint at that time, so you naturally have a higher position than the disciples of Saint Lords.”

Lin Yun fell silent because the Dragon Origin Great Saint was a great person, placing him in a difficult position. If he didn’t take the Radiant Sword Saint as his master, he naturally wouldn’t mind letting the Dragon Origin Great Saint become his master. Not to mention that this Great Saint didn’t mind his disrespectful behavior during the day.

But… Lin Yun pondered briefly and replied, “Let me consider it.”

But his reply immediately made the Indigo Thunder Peak Master glare at him. He furiously said, “What’s the matter? Don’t tell me that even a Great Saint isn’t qualified to become your master?”

“How is that possible?”

“Hmph, you also won’t dare to do that. Look for the Dragon Origin Great Saint within three days, and prepare a gift during your visit. Don’t let a Great Saint come and look for you. If that happens, I won’t let you off so easily, even if Zhang Yue doesn’t come and look for you.” The Indigo Thunder Peak Master waved his hand in annoyance when he saw the reluctance on Lin Yun’s face. “Get lost. You don’t know what’s right for you, and remember what I said.”

Standing up, Lin Yun suddenly thought of something and asked, “Peak Master, what’s the matter with the blue dragon sacred flames I received?”

The Indigo Thunder Peak Master squinted his eyes and smiled, stroking his beard, “I don’t know about that. But the Dragon Origin Great Saint knows something about it. So you can ask him yourself if you want to know about it.”

He had some speculations about the blue dragon sacred flames. But he was afraid that Ye Qingtian wouldn’t go look for the Dragon Origin Great Saint if he was told, so he kept the information from him, letting Ye Qingtian ask the Dragon Origin Great Saint himself.

When Lin Yun left the hall, the Indigo Thunder Peak’s voice resounded again, reminding him to visit the Dragon Origin Great Saint. This instantly made the corner of Lin Yun’s lips twitch, and finally realized that the Indigo Thunder Peak Master was stingy.