Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1900 - Madman

Zhang Yue’s face changed as he laid on the ground. The Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign’s face also became grave as he seriously examined Ye Qingtian for the first time. He finally realized that Ye Qingtian already planned this right from the start, slowly making him fall for his trap. Ye Qingtian had no intentions of letting Zhang Yue go at all.

“I don’t understand what you mean,” the Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign said.

“You don’t understand? I’ll repeat it, then. He has to experience what I went through, or this isn’t finished!” Lin Yun said.

The Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign’s face changed, and he asked, “Ye Qingtian, are you behind this matter today?”

“Saint Sovereign, you really think highly of me. Your disciple is at the third transformation of the Nirvana Stage, and he can easily kill me with one hand. Well…” Lin Yun briefly paused and continued with a smile, “After all, I doubt his strength since a cat can defeat him. He’s someone a cat can defeat, and I’m afraid he doesn’t deserve his status as a saint disciple at all.”

The corner of the Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign’s lips twitched. After today, everyone within the Heavenly Dao Sect would probably know that his disciple couldn’t even defeat a cat.

“Zhang Yue, why aren’t you seeking forgiveness from Ye Qigntian?!” Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign couldn’t be bothered about this matter any longer.

“M-Master…” Zhang Yue panicked and sobbed in the Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign’s direction. “Master, how will I be able to stay in the Heavenly Dao Sect after today if I go down on my knees?”

“You think you won’t become a laughingstock even if you don’t go down on your knees? Why didn’t I discover that you’re so stupid? If the Dragon Origin Great Saint comes, it’ll be futile even if you kneel!” The Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign snickered.

Upon hearing that, Zhang Yue’s face became pale, and he struggled as he turned in Ye Qingtian’s direction. A brief moment later, Zhang Yue fell onto his knees with his head planted on the ground.

“Ye Qingtian, I apologize for what I did. So please let me go!” Zhang Yue dared not even raise his head, and his nails were deeply dug into the ground. He couldn’t believe that he was actually kneeling towards someone who was a piece of garbage in his eyes, and the humiliation was even more significant than killing him.

Everyone in the surroundings fell into silence because they were stumped. No one expected that Zhang Yue, who was still arrogant yesterday, would kneel before Ye Qingtian today. But they began to think about what Ye Qingtian said yesterday and realized that everything was too coincidental, which made everyone’s scalps numb.

“Let you go? You’re naive. I’ll do to you what you did to me a year ago, and this is only the beginning.” Lin Yun kicked Zhang Yue in the face.

Zhang Yue was already heavily injured to begin with. So he was like a rock as he slammed against a tree, which made Zhang Yue throw out a mouthful of blood and let out a painful howl.

“Ye Qingtian, you won’t be able to turn back if you take another step forth.” But just when Lin Yun was about to make his move, the Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign’s voice resounded, containing a hint of threat.

“Can I still turn back?” Lin Yun didn’t turn around and bitterly smiled, “I was heavily injured by him a year ago, and I crawled out of the Heavenly Dao Sect. Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign, you don’t have to worry about it. I will just do to him what he did to me a year ago, and I won’t do anything more. Since you didn’t stand out a year ago, don’t stand out now.”

His voice was reverberating within everyone’s ears. Even the Serene Dust Great Saint and Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign were stunned because these words didn’t seem like something from a Profound Death Stage.

As Lin Yun stepped forth, he first broke Zhang Yue’s ribs and fingers before crushing Zhang Yue’s knees. Ultimately, he punched forth, creating a hole in Zhang Yue’s body. Bone fragments flew out of Zhang Yue’s body, but that wasn’t all; Lin Yun even destroyed all of Zhang Yue’s dragon pulses, only leaving a thread still connecting the dragon pulses together.

Everything took place in the blink of an eye, and Zhang Yue couldn’t even let out a snort before he immediately fainted. His outcome was horrible, making everyone feel a chill run down their spines. Although Ye Qingtian merely did what Zhang Yue did to him, it was still shocking to watch.

“Indigo Thunder Peak’s disciples, let’s go! From today onwards, this is the outcome if anyone dares to bully the disciples of my Indigo Thunder Peak!” Lin Yun turned around and left with the Indigo Thunder Peak’s disciples quickly following behind him after they came to their senses.

“Ye Qingtian!” The Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign roared after examining Zhang Yue’s injuries. This was humiliating because he could do nothing to Ye Qingtian, even though he was a Saint Sovereign.

But Lin Yun merely laughed as he continued to leave. “I've always been like a madman, singing satires on Confucian ideals!”

So what if he couldn’t turn back? He would just laugh it off and continue forth. The crowd split open a path and allowed Lin Yun to leave with the Indigo Thunder Peak’s disciples, and only Lin Yun’s peals of laughter still echoed in their ears.

After Lin Yun left, the Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign didn’t dare to look at the Serene Dust Great Saint because what happened today was simply humiliating. “I apologize for disrupting Senior Serene Dust today.”

He had no face left and could only leave in a hurry.

The Serene Dust Great Saint merely glanced in a specific direction before she turned around and entered the Profound Maiden Courtyard. With that, this matter had come to an end. But there was no doubt that Zhang Yue would become a laughingstock after today.

In a forbidden ground at the back mountain of the Profound Maiden Courtyard, the Serene Dust Great Saint arrived and said, “Long Yun, why aren’t you showing yourself since you’re already here?”

After a dry laughter, the Dragon Origin Great Saint appeared with a flash.

“I’m surprised you can patiently watch, based on your personality.” The Serene Dust Great Saint squinted her pupils.

The Dragon Origin Great Saint smiled, “If I didn’t come, Tu You might have really killed him. Furthermore, I’m not the only one who came today. There were a lot of people who came, including Tian Xuan, the Heavenly Jade Sword Saint.”

Hearing the Heavenly Jade Sword Saint’s name, the Serene Dust Great Saint’s face became cold. “Why are you mentioning her?!”

“She’s pretty concerned about that brat, and she told me she held high hopes for him at the conferring ceremony,” the Dragon Origin Great Saint smiled.

“Oh?” The Serene Dust Great Saint’s eyes flickered, and she asked, “She held high hopes of that brat?”

“What’s the matter? You want to snatch him?” The Dragon Origin Great Saint naturally knew about the matter between the Serene Dust Great Saint and Heavenly Jade Sword Saint.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“I will naturally snatch someone she held high hopes for,” the Serene Dust Great Saint said grudgingly.

The Dragon Origin Great Saint was tactful and said nothing about it. No one could imagine a Great Saint would be as petty as a child, and no one could understand the feud between the two women.

“Let me ask you this. Is he Ye Qingtian?” The Serene Dust Great Saint asked. She felt that there was something weird about Ye Qingtian, but she couldn’t see through anything. Her instincts told her there was something fishy about him, but her rationale told her someone at the Profound Death Stage couldn't fool a Great Saint.

The Dragon Origin Great Saint didn’t directly reply, but said, “The Azure River Sword Saint brought him in and even taught him the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra. So it doesn’t matter if he’s Ye Qingtian.”

“So, you want to take him as your disciple under Ye Qingtian. Starting today, he’ll be Ye Qingtian even if he’s not!” The Serene Dust Great Saint smiled.

They didn’t expose each other and couldn’t confirm Ye Qigntian’s true identity. Otherwise, it would be humiliating if Great Saints like them couldn’t see through Ye Qingtian’s disguise.

“But that brat is pretty generous. On the day he visited me, he gave me a bottle of Demigod Wine,” the Dragon Origin Great Saint smiled, taking out a jade bottle.

“Demigod Wine?!” The Serene Dust Great Saint’s eyes lit up. “It might not be helpful to Great Saints, but it’s still a rare treasure. Where the hell did he get it from?”

“Let’s leave that aside. I’m here to give you the Demigod Wine. I drank it once, and it’s a rare delicacy. You can try it if you’ve never had it before,” the Dragon Origin Great Saint smiled.

Receiving the jade bottle, the Serene Dust Great Saint said, “You can leave first. If that woman does anything to that brat, inform me immediately.”

“That’s for sure, Junior Sister…” The Dragon Origin Great Saint smiled.

“Leave through the backdoor, and don’t let anyone see you.” But before she could finish, the Dragon Origin Great Saint already left.

This wasn’t her first time saying this; this wasn’t the Dragon Origin Great Saint’s first visit to the Profound Maiden Courtyard. The backdoor was a complicated, ancient gate with nine shackles and countless saint runes. But the Dragon Origin Great Saint easily unraveled the shackles, and his proficiency looked heart-aching.

When Lin Yun returned to the Indigo Thunder Peak, he was called over by the Indigo Thunder Peak Master before he could sit down in his residence.

“Brat, you’re really bold. Are you the one behind what happened last night?” The Indigo Thunder Peak Master asked.

“About Zhang Yue? He already said it was done by a cat, which has nothing to do with me,” Lin Yun smiled.

“Then, why did you cripple Zhang Yue before the Nether Slaughter Saint Sovereign…?”

But before he could finish, Lin Yun interrupted him, “Firstly, he’s not crippled. Secondly, he has become a nightmare for him, and I have to walk out of it, or I will be in trouble in my future cultivation.”

Lin Yun had already shut the Indigo Thunder Peak Master’s mouth before he could finish, and he felt what Lin Yun said made sense. Just when the Indigo Thunder Peak Master was pondering how to teach Lin Yun a lesson, Lin Yun threw a medal over.

“Hahaha, you have become the direct disciple of a Great Saint!” The Indigo Thunder Peak Master smiled when he saw the medal. He caressed it for a long time before sighing, “The Dragon Origin Great Saint really took you in… A direct disciple of a Great Saint…”

“It’s just a medal. Why are you so obsessed with it? Isn’t it just becoming a saint’s disciple?” Lin Yun said casually.

“Do you know that there are differences between the saint's disciples? Now that you have become the direct disciple of a Great Saint, it’s not an issue for you to beat Zhang Yue up today,” the Indigo Thunder Peak Master said.

“Oh? What’s the difference?” Lin Yun asked with his eyes lit up.