Chapter 1901 - Ranking Battle

“Of course, there are differences between the saint's disciples,” the Indigo Thunder Peak Master explained. “Saint’s disciples are classified into different levels according to their masters. After all, the Saint Realm was divided into the Saint Lord, Saint Sovereign, and Great Saint. As a holy land, the Heavenly Dao Sect naturally has a lot of Saint Lords. The number of Saint Sovereigns won’t exceed ten, and the number of Great Saints can be counted on the fingers in one hand.”

Lin Yun instantly understood what the Indigo Thunder Peak Master meant, and he said, “That means there are differences in the treatment of the saint's disciples…”

“That’s right,” the Indigo Thunder Peak Master smiled. He tossed the medal back to Lin Yun before continuing, “The treatment and authority you possess will also be different, and you can look at Saint Hall when you’re free. You were not a saint disciple in the past, so I can’t tell you about that. You can go and find out now. This medal as a Great Saint’s disciple is often more effective than a peak master like me.”

Lin Yun looked at the medal and asked, “So it’s that great. But are there that few Great Saints within the Heavenly Dao Sect?”

“What do you think? This is thanks to the fact that we have a long legacy. The other holy lands’ Great Saints are fewer than us.” The Indigo Thunder Peak Master rolled his eyes.

If the number of saints was the number of fingers on one hand, the highest would be five. If that were the case, they should be the Dragon Origin Great Saint, Heavenly Jade Sword Saint, Serene Dust Great Saint, and the palace masters of the Dao Yang Palace and Heavenly Yin Palace. These should be the five Great Saints placed on the surface.

“Is there any difference in the treatment between Great Saint’s disciples?” Lin Yun asked.

“What did you experience in the past year?” The Indigo Thunder Peak Master asked in a surprised tone.

Lin Yun was briefly stunned before he smiled. But just when he wanted to explain, the Indigo Thunder Peak Master didn’t dwindle and said, “Have you forgotten that there are two sword wielders within the Heavenly Dao Sect? Although the two sword wielders don’t interfere in the affairs of the Heavenly Dao Sect, that doesn’t mean they won’t take any disciple.”

The Indigo Thunder Peak Master didn’t chat with Lin Yun for long and left shortly after. After the Indigo Thunder Peak Master left, Lin Yun visited the Iris Secret Realm. He sat beneath the Phoenix Tree before he looked within his body. The three dragon-shaped sacred flames were blazing within his violet palace, and the radiance emitted from the sacred flames enveloped the entire violet palace.

“What a powerful saint aura.” Lin Yun fell into a brief pondering before he tried to refine them with his dragon origin. He wanted to see if he could control the three sacred flames.

But the moment his dragon origin came in contact with the sacred flames, his dragon origin was instantly ignited with a blazing aura spreading out. The blazing aura was scorching, and even Lin Yun could feel the high temperature enveloping him. Under this pain, a mysterious voice appeared within his mind before entering his sea of consciousness.

He immediately entered an enlightenment state and acquired various sword insights. All his doubts were instantly resolved, which was a mysterious feeling. Can it be that these sacred flames are related to the Emperor Sword?

If that was the case, these three sacred flames should be the inheritance of the Emperor Sword, and he could receive unimaginable enlightenment from them. But he had to bear unimaginable pain when refining them. Then again, this pain was nothing to Lin Yun.

Lin Yun was a decisive person, and immediately took out a Three-Lives Fruit. He planned to use it, but only some at a time. He wanted to start with two to three months.

After making up his mind, Lin Yun activated the Three-Lives Fruit and entered the Three-Lives Realm. Within the Three-Lives Realm, the flow of time differed from the outside world. Thus, he used this advantage to refine the three sacred flames and absorb the insights contained within them to strengthen his sword's attainment. At the same time, he also consumed the Netherflower petals to refine the nether energy within to increase his cultivation and Divine Firmament Sword Sutra.

A month passed in the blink of an eye, and Lin Yun’s cultivation had reached the intermediate third channel of the Profound Death Stage. Another month later, his cultivation came to the pinnacle third channel of the Profound Death Stage, and the Divine Firmament Sword Sutra also smoothly reached the ninth stage.

After reaching the third channel of the Profounf Death Stage, Lin Yun’s cultivation slowed down, even with the aid of the Netherflower petals, and he soon only had five petals left. Two months ago, he had just entered the third channel of the Profound Death Stage, and had reached the pinnacle two months later. This was an unbelievable speed, but Lin Yun still felt that it was slow.

This was because the Heavenly Dao Sect had many saint disciples, most of whom were at the Nirvana Stage. Before them, his cultivation at the third channel of the Profound Death Stage was insignificant in comparison.

He wanted to refine another petal to reach the fourth channel of the Profound Death Stage. But before he could do anything, the profound death aura within his body showed signs of losing control. This immediately created huge waves within his violet palace, also showing signs of losing control.

This made Lin Yun let out a sigh of relief and stopped. Opening his eyes, he placed his hands on his knees to calm the dragon origin within his body. “I have to take it step by step with my cultivation…”

He was too anxious, and it was too risky for him to make a breakthrough without stabilizing his cultivation. Standing, he muttered, “Those with a higher cultivation are much older than me. They’re either nurtured by saints from a young age and possess a saint physique, or they had a horrifying talent from a young age.”

“Strictly speaking, none of them took a shortcut, and I don’t have to dwell on it.” Lin Yun turned around and waved his hand, summoning the Flower Burial Sword. When he swung his sword, his gaze suddenly became sharp.

“I can only rely on Flower Burial, the sword in my hand!” Cultivation could be absorbed from external means, Seniors could teach cultivation techniques, and no saints would lack saint artifacts or treasures. But sword dao couldn’t rely on the sword and a powerful master. He could only depend on himself, and there was no shortcut.

Lin Yun began practicing his sword within the Three-Lives Realm, and his temperament changed. His temperament became aloof and ethereal, looking like a Sword Immortal from the legends.

“Firefly Radiance!”

“Dawn Radiance!”

“Sunset Radiance!”

“Waning Moon!”

“Heavenly Snowing Mountain!”

“Silver Blood!”

In just two months, Lin Yun relied on the insights within the three sacred flames to learn the sixth sword of the Divine Firefly Sword. The Divine Firefly Sword had a total of sixteen sword forms. According to his master, those at the Profound Death Stage could barely reach the threshold. But he was only at the Profound Death Stage and had already reached the sixth sword form, which meant he might be able to master twelve before reaching the Nirvana Stage.

“I wonder if I’m slow or fast…” Lin Yun muttered.

It would be impressive if anyone could master three sword forms at the Nirvana Stage. Lin Yun’s cultivating speed was already considered heaven-defying, but Lin Yun didn’t know about that. He had a feeling, but he wasn’t certain about it. The first twelve sword forms of the Divine Firefly Sword could only be considered reaching the threshold, and the more powerful sword forms were after that.

Aside from the Divine Firefly Sword, Lin Yun also significantly improved his Heavenly Dome Sword Intent—all the improvements accumulated on his Sword Heart. His Sword Heart was like a crude jade being tempered like a cocoon that’s about to break open. This transformation was bizarre, and even the Azure River Sword Saint wouldn’t be able to explain his changes.

Lin Yun was already walking on a path that belonged to himself without him knowing it. The further he went on this path, the more lonely he would be. When Lin Yun returned from the Three-Lives Realm, the Three-Lives Fruit became dim.

Lil’ Purple was cultivating beneath the Phoenix Tree. When she opened her eyes, Lin Yun asked, “How many days have passed?”

“One day,” Lil’ Purple replied.

“Not bad.” Lin Yun was pretty satisfied with that. He experienced two months within the Three-Lives Realm, but it was only a day in the outside world.

“Are you going out?” Lin Yun asked, seeing Lil’ Purple carrying Lil’ Red and exiting the Iris Secret Realm.

“Isn’t that obvious?” Lil’ Purple looked at Lin Yun with disdain. “You’re not going to help me look for the Solar Lunar Divine Rune, so I can only go and find it myself.”

“You won’t be discovered, right?” Lin Yun asked in a concerned tone. After all, Zhang Yue had exposed them, and they would become the center of attention if they went out.

“Of course, we won’t. You’ve underestimate me. I might not be able to beat those Saints, but it’s easy for me to hide my presence,” Lil’ Purple said pridefully.

Seeing Lil’ Purple boasting, Lin Yun smiled, “Wait.”

He called out to Lil’ Purple and took out the Silvermoon Mask before he said, “Here, you can have it.”

“Are you serious?” Lil’ Purple happily received it with excitement and disbelief.

After all, the Silvermoon Mask was a treasure of the Mo Clan, a gift that Feng Yu gave Lin Yun on their first meeting. Then again, the reason why Lil’ Purple fancied it was because it was gorgeous.

“Of course, I’m joking.” Lin Yun smiled, wanting to seize it from her.

“Hmph. I’m not giving it back to you now that it’s in my hands!” Lil’ Purple fled, with her laughter echoing in the surroundings.

When Lin Yun appeared in his courtyard, he called Chen Feng over. He wanted to know about the Celestial Purging Mountain that the Dragon Origin Great Saint spoke of.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“There are three places to temper the sword intent. The first two are naturally the Heavenly Sword and Dao Sword Mountains,” Chen Feng smiled. “But those two mountains practically belong to the Heavenly Yin and Dao Yang Palaces. It’s difficult for someone else to enter, even if they’re a saint’s disciple.”

“So the Celestial Purging Mountain is the third place?”

“Hehe, that’s right. The Celestial Purging Mountain is the biggest cultivating ground of the Heavenly Dao Sect. Even the disciples of the two palaces would go there, frequented by many disciples…” Chen Feng knew that Ye Qingtian had lost his memories, so he went into the fine details in his explanation.

But when they arrived at the Celestial Purging Mountain, they were shocked by the multitude of people that were here. Seeing this, Chen Feng patted his forehead, “I nearly forgot that the ranking battle is starting soon. So all the saint’s disciples have come.”