Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2105: Warmth (2)

“Ye Qingtian is no threat. He has already lost his fangs after failing in his breakthrough.”

“What a pity for a genius like him to lose his fangs. Even if he manages to reach the Quasi-Saint Realm in the future, it’s hard for him to shine like before.”

“Fangs are important to swordsmen. If it were Ye Qingtian from before, he would’ve drawn his sword by now.” Many people shook their heads, thinking that Ye Qingtian had lost his fangs after failing to make a breakthrough to the tenth transformation of the Nirvana Stage.

The leader of the Divine Phoenix Mountain opened his eyes and said, “Bai Yunfeng, you wanted everyone to wait, and the person you’ve been waiting for is here. It’s time for us to get started as well.”

This person was Ji Haoyu, a golden-generation genius from the Divine Phoenix Mountain who grasped a greater dao. His strength was deep and unfathomable, enveloped in a radiance that looked like flames.

Bai Yunfeng was speechless when he heard that. He was waiting for Bai Qingyu but didn’t expect Bai Qingyu to bring Ye Qingtian over. But since Bai Qingyu was here, he nodded and said, “Let’s begin, then.”

The Heavenly Dao Sect and Divine Phoenix Mountain were the oldest holy lands within the Eastern Desolation, and the two forces have been competing for the title of the strongest holy land within the Eastern Desolation. So when Ji Haoyu and Bai Yunfeng gave the word, the competition for the Golden Lotus Flametree had officially begun.

Suddenly, a loud noise was heard, with screams resounding one after another. Shortly after, a few figures were sent flying over.

The spiritual array the Divine Dao Pavilion had set up outside violently shook before being destroyed the next moment.

This immediately made everyone’s faces change. The disciples of the six holy lands guarding outside were heavily injured, drawing everyone’s attention to the cave's entrance.

Right then, four figures walked into the cave side by side. There were three men and a woman, and they all wore luxurious robes. The four of them looked elegant, and they exuded powerful baleful auras. They didn’t bother restraining their auras; anyone could tell with a glance that they weren’t from the righteous path.

When Lin Yun looked at the four, he instantly noticed and recognized the woman donning the crimson robe. This woman was the Bloodclothed Venerable of the Blood Moon Sect. Two months ago, they even fought within the mountain range behind the Heavenly Dao Sect, and the other two were also venerables from the Blood Moon Sect.

“Blood Moon Sect’s Zhao Tianyu!”

“Damn it, why is it him?!” Someone exclaimed as they looked at Zhao Tianyu walking into the cave with a gentle smile.

Behind them, a group of people came in. They were the cultivators from other domains who were previously blocked out by the six holy lands.

Zhao Tianyu wore an azure robe, looking elegant. He didn’t look like someone from the demonic cult, but he gave off a terrifying aura that instantly drew everyone’s attention. With him around, it was as though he instantly became the center of attention in the world.

“That’s the Blood Moon Sect’s Divine Son, Zhao Tianyu. He has been traveling around the Eastern Desolation during this period, seizing treasures everywhere,” Wang Yue explained to Lin Yun. But he had no idea Lin Yun had already met Zhao Tianyu.

Zhao Tianyu’s name alone carried a suffocating pressure, and everyone took a few steps back when he showed up. He was one of the strongest monstrous geniuses in this generation. Even if Bai Yunfeng had a strong reputation, he was still inferior to Zhao Tianyu.

When the venerables saw everyone stepping back, they all had mockery on their faces, signifying that the geniuses of Eastern Desolation’s holy lands were nothing.

“Zhao Tianyu, what are you doing here?” Bai Yunfeng roared.

A youth donning an orange robe smiled, “Isn’t it obvious? We’re naturally here to retrieve the Golden Lotus Flametree. What else? Our divine cult gave the Golden Lotus Flametree to the Fleeting Sky Monastery ten thousand years ago.”

The faces of everyone from the six holy lands changed when they heard that, and their gazes became cold.

“A bunch of dogs from the demonic cult. Can you guys do whatever you want within the Eastern Desolation?!”

“To retrieve something from ten thousand years ago, you guys are clearly trying to snatch it!” The Blood Moon Sect was infamous, and this was an ancient force that dared to challenge the Divine Dragon Empire. But with the six holy lands joining forces, they wouldn’t let them take the Golden Lotus Flametree, no matter what.

The Divine Phoenix Mountain’s Ji Haoyu coldly looked at Zhao Tianyu, “Zhao Tianyu, you want to challenge the six holy lands by yourself?”

“I won’t make a move. All the experts within the Eastern Desolation have gone to the God Burial Mountain Range, and I’d be bullying you guys if I made a move,” Zhao Tianyu smiled.

“How arrogant! Let me see where you get your confidence from!” The Ming Cult’s Xiao Yi, who challenged Lin Yun earlier, dashed over.

But Zhao Tianyu couldn’t be bothered with Xiao Yi. He shut his eyes and said, “Consider it my loss if I even look at garbage like you. It’s more like acceptable if you bring the Ming Cult’s Holy Son over.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xiao Yi’s face became ashen with the rage of flames blazing within his heart. But even he?didn’t think he could fight Zhao Tianyu, he just wanted to test Zhao Tianyu’s strength. He wouldn’t lose anything even if he was defeated. After all, it was enough for him to brag for a long time if he could exchange a few moves with Zhao Tianyu.

He gained confidence from provoking Ye Qingtian earlier, but he didn’t expect that Zhao Tianyu wasn’t even willing to take a look at him. Thus, he executed the Ming Cult’s martial techniques as a sun and a moon rose behind him, forming a ‘Ming’ word. As yin and yang began to surge from his body, it manifested into armour around him.

He spoke of this Trigram Saint Armor and was confident that he could withstand ten moves with it in the hands of Zhao Tianyu.

When everyone saw the armor, their eyes lit up because Xiao Yi wasn’t merely arrogant.

But someone laughed, and it was the blood-clothed woman behind Zhao Tianyu. She came over and stood before Zhao Tianyu before pushing her palm forth. Her figure might seem fragile, but her body contained a terrifying power that easily forced Xiao Yi to retreat.

“It looks like you’re not exactly garbage since you can withstand a move from me,” the Bloodclothed Venerable smiled.

A Bloodfire Demon Flower bloomed beneath her. Her bloodline wasn’t from a human or a demonic beast but more like a plant with powerful vitality.

Xiao Yi was aggrieved, but a crimson figure dashed over just when he wanted to speak. The Bloodclothed Venerable gave him a palm, shattering his Trigram Saint Armor, breaking his ribs, and a crimson beam pierced through his body.

When he flew out, he collapsed on the ground. No one knew if he was dead or alive, but this made the faces of Ming Cult’s disciples pale with fright.

Lin Yun could tell that the Bloodclothed Venerable had become much stronger. Although she might not have grasped a greater dao, she was much stronger since their last meeting.