Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2110: Lighting The Sky Crimson

When the two swords collided, Lin Yun and the Whiteclothed Venerable continued to clash with their punches and kicks. Although Lin Yun’s attacks were empowered with the complete mastery of Astral Sword Intent, he was still in a disadvantage because he didn’t have a sword.

After ten-odd moves, the Whiteclothed Venerable broke through Lin Yun’s Sovereign Dragon Fist, and his punch landed on Lin Yun’s chest. The power of greater dao penetrated Lin Yun’s physique and nirvana aura, making him feel as though his body was about to be ripped apart. But it was fortunate that the Whiteclothed Venerable’s attack didn’t penetrate through the Blue Dragon Bone, or Lin Yun would’ve lost his life.

As Lin Yun’s body flew back, he smashed against a stone pillar before falling to one knee with blood dripping down his lips. This made the cave fall into silence. They all watched Ye Qingtian get hit in the chest by greater dao. How could someone at the Nirvana Stage survive after being hit by greater dao?

“No!” Bai Qingyu became nervous, with her eyes becoming red. She was on the verge of crying and wanted to step forth, but Bai Yunfeng held her down.

“Dragon clan’s saint physique? You’re really lucky. Taking an attack empowered with greater dao against your chest, you should be dead. I’m surprised you’re still alive, but now it’s time to die.” The Whiteclothed Venerable waved his hand, summoning the Heavenly Serpent Sword to his hand, and swung his sword at Lin Yun.

“I can still breathe. So where did you get the confidence to kill me?” Lin Yun grinned, and he got back on his feet. Looking at the approaching Whiteclothed Venerable, his eyes radiated with strong fighting spirits. He knew he was right to come because he managed to spar with a Quasi-Saint at the Indigo Origin Phase who grasped a greater dao.

The Whiteclothed Venerable’s face changed as he stopped. He asked, “You can still put up a fight after taking a greater dao attack to your chest?”

The Whiteclothed Venerable couldn’t comprehend what was happening. After all, greater dao was on a whole other level for cultivators at the Nirvana Stage, and even a Quasi-Saint at the Indigo Origin Phase would die if they took that attack head-on.

Lin Yun possessed the Dragon Clan’s saint physiques and had a Blue Dragon Bone in his chest that helped him block most of the incoming attacks. He might be heavily injured, but he was far from dying. Then again, he also couldn’t take any more attacks.

“He stood up!”

“Ye Qingtian stood up! His fighting spirit is too dense!”

“This is interesting now.”

The cultivators of the Eastern Desolation were excited, and they could feel their blood boiling. They realized that Ye Qingtian might really stand a chance, and he might have a trump card.

With a wave of his hand, the Flower Burial Sword returned to Lin Yun’s hand, and he could sense the fighting spirit coming from the sword. They could sense each other’s fighting spirits.

“If you admit defeat and let go of the Golden Lotus Flametree now, you might still be able to live. Otherwise, you’ll die if we carry on fighting,” the Whiteclothed Venerable said coldly.

Lin Yun was now holding up the Eastern Desolation’s dignity. If he loses, Bai Yunfeng and Ji Haoyu would have to fight the Whiteclothed Venerable. After that, Zhao Tianyu could easily kill those who remained, killing the majority with one strike.

If Lin Yun loses, the Eastern Desolation would have to give up on the Golden Lotus Flametree. But if he could hold his ground, Bai Yunfeng and Ji Haoyu might be able to fend off Zhao Tianyu with the leaders of the other holy lands. They might not be able to defeat those from the Blood Moon Sect, but they would at least have the qualification to negotiate.

Thus, everyone from the Eastern Desolation was pinning their hopes on Ye Qingtian. Ye Qingtian was a genius swordsman who appeared in the past year, shining brightly. If he could win the fight with the Whiteclothed Venerable, his reputation would be right behind the Twin Stars of the Eastern Desolation. But was that possible?

Lin Yun performed a spiral with his sword, saying, “I can still breathe. So why should I admit defeat?”

He hadn’t bled dry yet, so how could he stop fighting? Fighting spirits blazed within his heart, and he charged at the Whiteclothed Venerable, executing Light of the Beginning. With a roar, a sword vibration echoed as Lin Yun’s attack formed into a lethal sword technique. This was Lin Yun’s trump card, and he had long brought it to the Manifestation Stage. He could easily execute it as he wished. It could turn into a complete sword technique with unpredictable variations. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When Lin Yun executed the Light of the Beginning, the Whiteclothed Venerable was shocked to discover that he couldn’t keep up with him and could only keep up with a blurred light. As sparks flew, Lin Yun’s sword pierced through the saint aura around him.

“Divine Firefly Sword!” The Whiteclothed Venerable executed the second section of the Divine Firefly Sword with the Heavenly Serpent Sword, facing Lin Yun head-on. His attacks were empowered with greater dao, so the power of the Divine Firefly Sword was greatly increased.

But the Light of the Beginning was unfathomable and could even distort space. Most importantly, as phenomena began to unfold as Lin Yun attacked, he managed to suppress the Whiteclothed Venerable, and swung seventy-odd swords in one breath. “Too slow! You’re too slow!”

Each of Lin Yun’s swords was accompanied by a powerful sword aura as primal chaos was split apart with a world being born. The sword aura that Lin Yun gave off also began to climb, instantly reaching the height of Quasi-Saints, and this made the Whiteclothed Venerable throw out blood as he retreated. Facing Lin Yun’s attacks, cracks appeared on his greater dao.

“What a terrifying sword technique. What sword technique is this?”

.

“It looks like the Light of the Beginning that he’s famous for. There were rumors that it was an ancient sword technique, and he only knew one sword.”

“Don’t tell me that he perfected this incomplete sword technique?”

“That’s impossible. Based on the power shown by this sword technique, it would have to take at least ten years if Ye Qingtian wanted to perfect it. After all, it is an ancient dragon spirit sword technique.”

Ten moves later, a sword vibration echoed as the Heavenly Serpent Sword was knocked flying away. The Whiteclothed Venerable’s face was pale, and he was forced into a dead end after losing his sword.

“Damn it, you forced me!” The Whiteclothed Venerable’s eyes flashed with a ruthless light as his eyeballs exploded. Cracks then began appearing on his face, and he bit his tongue. He had executed a secret technique, and his body began to swell as he would return to his ancestral form.

As his skin and bones ripped apart, a powerful shockwave swept out. Lin Yun raised his sword in front of him before stepping a few hundred meters back and swung his sword to negate the shockwave. But a terrifying scene occurred. A gigantic black serpent appeared. This serpent was massive, and it instantly made the cave cramped.

When the serpent charged forth, it smashed apart all the stone pillars that were in the way. The nearby cultivators were terrified by this scene but couldn’t dodge in time. As a result, many people were crushed by the serpent’s charge. The serpent was also giving off an ancient and suffocating aura.

If they allowed the serpent to continue charging within the cave, the entire cave would probably collapse, and this scene scared everyone from the Eastern Desolation. No one expected Ye Qingtian to force the Whiteclothed Venerable to this point. This was no different from the Whiteclothed Venerable trying to drag Ye Qingtian down with him.

Under normal circumstances, Lin Yun would naturally dodge the charge and try to find his opponent’s weakness. But he couldn’t retreat because the disciples of the six holy lands were behind him. He had many friends there, and the Whiteclothed Venerable might take this opportunity to seize the Golden Lotus Flametree.

The mountain range was trembling, and the cave was about to collapse. Lin Yun watched the approaching serpent, knowing he couldn’t retreat. He began forming the Dragon Sun and Moon Seal with one hand, and a terrifying shockwave swept out from him.

As Lin Yun’s hair began to flutter in the wind, darkness descended within this ancient cave, and even the radiance released by the Golden Lotus Flametree became dim.

The world became dark, as though eternal night had arrived. Suddenly, a crimson radiance appeared that even the night couldn’t envelop. When Lin Yun swung his sword, the sky turned crimson with his sword ray lighting up the entire world, and the Heavenly Aquatic Serpent was knocked away.

Even if the Heavenly Aquatic Serpent had a tough defenses and an ancient bloodline, it was still riddled with holes by the sword ray, letting out a miserable cry. The power of this sword was unimaginable, and if the Heavenly Aquatic Serpent didn’t block it with its body, those standing behind it would probably lose their lives.

Everyone was shocked as they raised their heads, with shock reflected within their eyes.

Lin Yun was hovering in the air while shining brightly. At this moment, Lin Yun was the divine dragon, the sun, the moon, and the sword that could tear apart the sky.

Everyone was shocked and couldn’t find any words to describe the sword Ye Qingtian had just used.