Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2114 - Buddhist Emperor Golden Lotus Spear

Zhao Tianyu was calm while watching the Golden Lotus Flametree devour the Saint Realm demonic beast’s corpse. The Golden Lotus Flametree looked like a demonic beast at this moment, and even the corpse of a Saint Realm demonic beast could only be its appetizer.

The towering tree shrunk to only ten meters in height, and the branches had retracted into the tree trunk, turning into ancient and mysterious rune markings on the tree trunk. They were natural divine runes, with more than one of them.

This shocked Lin Yun, and he instantly knew that the Golden Lotus Flametree had a huge origin, far exceeding his expectations. His scalp became numb, and he felt disbelief at this scene. The towering tree had turned into a pillar that emitted a golden radiance at this moment.

When the Golden Lotus Flametree was done devouring the Saint Realm demonic beast’s corpse, Zhao Tianyu released a jade bottle. The jade bottle flew towards the Golden Lotus Flametree, dripping some golden blood.

When the golden blood dripped from the bottle, it gave off a dazzling golden radiance: the divine blood—the legendary blood of a deity.

Lin Yun was dumbfounded and wondered what Zhao Tianyu was trying to do. He knew that many ancient holy lands had divine blood, but they were all legends since no one had seen them before. But Zhao Tianyu took out ten droplets of divine blood for the Golden Lotus Flametree.

It was no wonder why Zhao Tianyu wasn’t furious back then. He was already planning to water the Golden Lotus Flametree with divine blood. So why would he be interested in the golden lotuses Bai Qingyu gave him?

The entire cave began to tremble when the divine blood poured onto the Golden Lotus Flametree.

At the same time, a chant resounded from Zhao Tianyu and the Orangeclothed Venerable as they raised their hands. “Oh, raging sacred flames, incinerate my body and free me from the mortal shackles with the moon lasting for eternity!”

The ten droplets of divine blood flowed into the Golden Lotus Flametree as they chanted. Zhao Tianyu said, “The Divine Cult will exist for eternity, and I welcome both the ancestor and the sacred flame!”

“I welcome both the ancestor and the sacred flame!” Zhao Tianyu and the Orangeclothed Venerable roared as an ancient aura that seemed to have traveled through time descended. A blurred figure could be seen as crimson scared flames descended, as well as the appearance of a blood moon.

When the sacred flames descended, the Myriad Demon Sacrificial Array ignited, and the Golden Lotus Flametree looked like a weapon being tempered.

“Sect Master?”

Lin Yun was baffled when he heard that and even took a few more looks at it. If the Blood Moon Sect’s sect master had arrived, he would die, even if he had ten lives.

“It’s Ancestor, not Sect Master. The ancestor was the one who founded the sect. The Blood Moon Sect is really powerful.”

“Are they tempering a weapon?”

“They’re not tempering a weapon. I reckon that the Golden Lotus Flametree is an Emperor artifact; you can even call it a divine artifact. But it has been too long, so they are trying to restore it. But this Myriad Demon Sacrificial Array only used a hundred demonic beasts, so it cannot be fully restored. Even so, this is shocking enough.” Just as Lil’ Purple and Lin Yun chatted, they were shocked by what they saw. But this also made them excited.

Although this differed from what they had planned, the result was greater than they had expected. As the saying goes, the greater the risk, the higher the reward.

This process lasted a long time, and the Golden Lotus Flametree was still shrinking before it was refined into a nine-foot spear. But the ‘spearhead’ was a sword. This was an unfathomable weapon forged by the Golden Lotus Flametree.

After all, the Golden Lotus Flametree was a rare treasure. Not to mention that the Golden Lotus Flametree had fused with a Buddhist Emperor’s golden body—the Buddhist Emperor’s flesh and soul had become nourishment for this weapon.

Or rather, it was a divine artifact degenerating into the Golden Lotus Flametree. This was an ominous weapon, and Lin Yun could feel his heart beating just by looking at it. He could sense his soul trembling and didn’t know how many lives this weapon took.

“Divine Son, the Buddhist Emperor Golden Lotus Spear is formed!” The Orangeclothed Venerable excitedly said.

Zhao Tianyu was also excited. Even if he maintained his composure, flames were blazing within his eyes.

“How many years has it been? The Emperor Artifact of my sect is finally restored! Let’s go!” The two stepped forth, arriving before the Buddhist Emperor Golden Lotus Spear. The spear gave off a powerful aura that sent the Orangeclothed Venerable flying away.

Zhao Tianyu didn’t move, but his hair was fluttering wildly. The Buddhist Emperor Golden Lotus Spear was nine feet. the shaft was five feet, while the spearhead was four feet. It looked like a combination of a sword and a staff instead.

The spear was covered with runes, and the spearhead was wider than an ordinary sword. There were nine fist-sized halos at the point where the spear and sword fused together.

Zhao Tianyu’s figure looked massive but he was tiny in front of the Buddhist Emperor Golden Lotus Spear, which gave off a powerful aura. At this moment, the Buddhist Emperor Golden Lotus Spear gave off a domineering and murderous aura.

Judging from its murderous aura, Lin Yun couldn’t believe that it was a weapon of the Buddhist Cult.

Zhao Tianyu took a deep breath and slowly reached out for the Buddhist Emperor Golden Lotus Spear with an emotional expression. He was only one step away from becoming the owner of this Buddhist Emperor Golden Lotus Spear, and he rarely became so excited. After all, he had already tossed his worldly desires to the back of his mind.

But he had one thought at this moment: to become the owner of this Buddhist Emperor Golden Lotus Spear. His eyes were heated and filled with excitement. But right at this moment, nine shackles shot out from the darkness and wrapped around the Buddhist Emperor Golden Lotus Spear.

Just when Zhao Tianyu was about to grab onto the spear, the nine shackles pulled the Buddhist Emperor Golden Lotus Spear away. This left Zhao Tianyu briefly stunned. When he raised his head, he saw someone wearing a Silver Moon Mask and the Black Thunder Chains dragging the spear over.

“Don’t touch it. Immediately put it into the Iris Secret Realm.” Lil’ Purple’s voice resounded when Lin Yun was about to grab the spear.

Lin Yun quickly came to his senses and recalled how terrifying the Golden Lotus Flametree was. He immediately threw the spear into the Iris Secret Realm. The Buddhist Emperor Golden Lotus Spear was heavy, but Lin Yun heaved a sigh of relief after tossing it into the Iris Secret Realm.

“Fuck!” Zhao Tianyu cussed after being briefly stunned. Even someone like him, who normally maintained his elegance, couldn’t help cursing. But even after cursing, he couldn’t vent out his rage.

“Ye Qingtian, it’s you again!” Zhao Tianyu flew into a rage as he activated the Divine Lightning Eyes, with lightning filling the entire cave.

While Lin Yun stood on the head of the Buddha statue, he couldn’t help feeling a chill run down his spine after sensing Zhao Tianyu’s aura. The statue beneath his feet began to crumble before being reduced to countless fragments.

Lin Yun was caught off guard and was sent flying away. But before he could respond, the Divine Lightning Eyes fixed onto him. Lin Yun threw out a mouthful of blood because he couldn’t withstand the greater dao aura, and his Astral Sword Intent crumbled before he could even release it. The greater dao struck Lin Yun without his sword intent protecting himself, and he was instantly heavily injured.

“Just how much strength did he conceal back during the day?” Lin Yun threw out blood, but it was fortunate that he had the Blue Dragon Bone, or he would’ve lost his life. The attack from Zhao Tianyu came even faster than he could respond. Lin Yun had never encountered such a fast opponent before.

But what happened next was even faster as two beams shot out from Zhao Tianyu’s eyes. At this moment, Zhao Tianyu looked like a lightning god, enveloped in lightning with his hair standing up.

At the very last moment, Lin Yun’s hands joined together, wanting to use the Dragon Sun and Moon Seal to defend himself. But a sword ray suddenly flew into the cave, blocking the two beams for Lin Yun.

When a terrifying shockwave swept out, the statues within the cave collapsed, with magma gushing out from the fissures on the ground. The cave began to tremble as if it would collapse in the next moment. The cave and the entire mountain felt like it would crumble.

A figure descended with a sword ray before dragging Lin Yun onto his back. This person was Lin Yun’s senior brother, Ye Guhan. He looked at Zhao Tianyu and smiled, “Blood Moon Divine Son, what a fiery temper you have. But Ye Qingtian is important to me, so you can’t hurt him.”

But upon hearing that, Lin Yun couldn’t help feeling chills. He couldn’t help feeling chills whenever he heard Ye Guhan saying that.

“Is a Saint Sovereign going to interfere in the affairs of the younger generation?” Zhao Tianyu hovered in the air. The magma gushing out from the ground couldn’t injure him. He had a strong stance, and he didn’t cower even when facing Ye Guhan. Flames were blazing within his eyes as he looked at Lin Yun.

Zhao Tianyu clenched his fists and furiously said, “No one can save someone who has spoiled my plans!”

“Brat, even the person standing behind you doesn’t dare to say that to me.” Ye Guhan smiled and unleashed another sword ray. This was an attack from a Saint Sovereign, and Zhao Tianyu would die if he was struck. But this sword was only meant to probe him. When the sword ray was about to hit Zhao Tianyu, fluctuations spread in the air, and the attack was blocked.

At this moment, Lin Yun finally knew that the Blood Moon Divine Son had a powerful guardian with him. The moonlight formed into a crimson hand, before dragging Zhao Tianyu back. Zhao Tianyu’s figure became transparent while slowly passing through the cave. Even if Zhao Tianyu was reluctant, he could only allow himself to be taken away.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Yo, you’re still around?” Just when Ye Guhan was about to leave with Lin Yun, he turned to look at the Orangeclothed Venerable and smiled.

This instantly made the Orangeclothed Venerable nervous as he carefully asked, “I believe a Saint Sovereign such as yourself won’t make a move against me, right?”

“So what if I want to make a move against you?” Ye Guhan casually swung his sword and tore the Orangeclothed Venerable into pieces.

This naturally left Lin Yun stumped, and he had to say that fate was miraculous. The three venerables were heavily injured during the day, but none of them died. The Orangeclothed Venerable might seem to have possessed great fortune, but he died a tragic death at the hands of a Saint Sovereign.

If the Orangeclothed Venerable had a choice, he would rather be heavily injured rather than to run into an unreasonable Saint Sovereign.