Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2119: Divine Physique

Lin Yun summed up the experience of his failure. But he could sense that his physique had gotten stronger even though he had failed.

When he attempted another time two days later, he failed. He took a deep breath but wasn’t in a hurry to start his third attempt. He slowly got up and performed a fist technique. This was the Divine Solar Lunar Fist that he once practiced.

Practicing it again, Lin Yun could use this opportunity to comprehend the Divine Sun and Moon Seal, allowing his physique to recover, and could also comprehend the profundity of the Azure Dragon Divine Physique at the same time. This could be said killing three birds with one stone. Lin Yun had been cultivating till his skinny frame recovered before he stopped.

“I might’ve failed twice, but my physique has strengthened. There are also some changes to my blood at the same time.” Lin Yun’s eyes shone brightly as he looked at his hands. The first level of the Azure Dragon Divine Art was called Dragon’s Blood, which meant tempering his blood to the point of a Divine Dragon’s blood.

In the past, his blood only contained some dragon’s blood, but this time, it was transforming. If he succeeded, his blood would undergo a drastic transformation. That was the first step of the Azure Dragon Physique and the foundation.

His physique had already become so strong, even before his blood completely transformed. He couldn’t imagine how strong he would become if his blood underwent a complete transformation. At that time, supporting the Azure Dragon Divine Physique with his Dragon’s Blood would be easier than using the Sovereign Dragon Seal, and his body wouldn’t be damaged.

Lin Yun’s eyes blazed with flames as he looked even more forward to it. Transforming mortal blood into dragon’s blood was a pipe fantasy, but the Divine Blood Fruit made everything possible. He took out the Divine Blood Fruit and started his third attempt.

Four days later, his third attempt ended in another failure. This time, Lin Yun was heavily injured and had coughed out blood. Even his skin cracked with his bones becoming visible.

He continued practicing the Divine Solar Lunar Fist while his physique recovered. When his physique recovered, seven days have passed. Each of his attempts was no different from brushing past death. Lin Yun’s mood fluctuated greatly in the beginning, but he gradually calmed down. Since he didn’t die during those three times, what would he have to be afraid of? But if it was someone else in his position, they would be frightened to death.

He attempted seven more times, but all of them failed. But on the eighth time, he successfully fused the Azure Dragon and Blue Dragon. This meant that he had successfully refined his mortal blood into dragon’s blood. When Lin Yun succeeded, his blood began to rumble, with a powerful aura spreading out.

“Azure Dragon Divine Physique!” Lin Yun roared as he opened his eyes. After reaching the first level of the Azure Dragon Divine Art, he could now execute the incomplete Azure Dragon Divine Physique. The divine physique was a taboo in this world. This was because if the Azure Dragon Divine Physique appeared, it would mean possessing some power of the Ancient Azure Dragon.

Even if this wasn’t the complete Azure Dragon Divine Physique, since he still had eight levels to go, the power emanated from it was horrifying. With Lin Yun in the center, the surrounding space was compressed with a purple aura filling the entire world. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The surroundings around Lin Yun formed into a tiny vortex with ripples and cracks spreading out. When lightning flickered on Lin Yun’s body, he soared to the sky as rain fell. When he released the Azure Dragon Divine Physique, a terrifying phenomenon appeared within the Iris Secret Realm. The phenomenon would be even more shocking in the outside world.

Lin Yun’s body swelled up, reaching a height of nearly two meters.

On the Phoenix Tree, Lil’ Purple opened her eyes and looked at Lin Yun with shock, “That fellow really has a big heart, and he really succeeded…”

When Lil’ Purple spread her arms wide open, she looked like a bird flying off a tree and pushed a palm forth at Lin Yun. A phoenix flew out from her palm, flying towards him.

Lil’ Purple was powerful within the Iris Secret Realm and wanted to test how strong Lin Yun’s divine physique was. As Lin Yun hovered in the sky, he smiled at the phoenix before activating the Azure Dragon Divine Physique. He only used the power of the divine physique, and yet his blood began to boil like magma, giving off a dazzling radiance. The incoming phoenix was shattered, dissolving into golden flames.

“What a powerful divine physique to resolve my attack without making a move,” Lil’ Purple exclaimed.

Right now, a casual attack from Lin Yun was enough to kill a Quasi-Saint at the Azure Origin Phase. Lin Yun could rely on his physique alone to suppress Quasi-Saints at the Azure Origin Phase. Lil’ Purple considered using the two Sovereign Divine Runes, but they were too powerful to probe Lin Yun’s strength. Not to mention that Lin Yun had just formed his divine physique, so he still needed time to get used to it.

Lin Yun deactivated his divine physique, and the surrounding phenomena disappeared. As he landed on the ground, he looked at his hands and said, “This is the power of the divine physique in the initial state? It looks like what the Dragon Origin Great Saint said wasn’t wrong.”

His mortal blood had been transformed into dragon’s blood, and he needed to refine it further since the purity wasn’t high.

“You really have a big heart. You nearly died a few times, and you nearly frightened me to death,” Lil’ Purple said in a reprimanding tone.

But Lin Yun merely smiled and said nothing about it. Lil’ Purple only said he had a big heart, but Lin Yun knew he had no choice. His opponent was too strong, and his path as a Sword God would naturally be dangerous. So he had to succeed no matter what.

Lin Yun spent the remaining time practicing his sword technique, the Sword of the Beginning. This was because he could no longer progress in the Divine Firefly Sword since he had already reached the minuscule stage. As for the third section of the Divine Firefly Sword, he could only start practicing it after grasping greater dao, so Lin Yun wasn’t in a hurry and diverted his attention to the Sword of the Beginning instead.

Others only knew about the Light of the Beginning but didn’t know that it was only the first sword form in Sword of the Beginning. There were more moves after that, and the other five sword forms were even more terrifying than Light of the Beginning.

There was still some time before the Blue Dragon Record descended, but it was too unrealistic to master all five sword forms. Lin Yun only planned on grasping the Boundless of the Beginning and Glory of the Beginning as his trump cards. He didn’t have much time and would be satisfied if he could reach greater mastery with them.

While he was practicing the sword technique, he would use this opportunity to consolidate and familiarize himself with his Azure Dragon Divine Physique. He wanted to fuse the comprehension from the two swords into his sword dao and see if he could reach the pinnacle of the Astral Sword Intent.

Aside from that, he also had the Dragon Sun and Moon Seal as his trump card. The three variations could fully unleash the power of his dual sword stars. His physique, sword technique, and intent began to fuse as he practiced his sword technique.

Lin Yun was surprised to discover that his physique could complement his sword technique, and his sword intent had become stronger after possessing a divine physique. His sword intent could amplify the power of the divine physique. He realized that everything seemed capable of fusing into sword dao, including nirvana.

“One with the sword? In the past, I thought it meant literally, but I finally understand the true meaning now.” Lin Yun could sense that his insight was undergoing a transformation, but he still couldn’t figure it out.

Lil’ Purple leaped from the Phoenix Tree and stood before Lin Yun. She said, “The Blue Dragon Record will soon appear, and you’ll miss it if you don’t go out soon.”

Lin Yun fell into deep thought and looked at the Flower Burial Sword in his hand. He said, “I have a feeling that something big will happen with the appearance of the Blue Dragon Record.”

“Isn’t it obvious? The Blue Dragon Record is a huge event, and it can be considered the divine artifact of this era, capable of containing the Kunlun Realm’s fortune,” Lil’ Purple said. “Back when the Dragon Gate was still around, each appearance of the Blue Dragon Record would create a huge shock in the world since every genius wanted to engrave their name on it. The seven Divine Dragon Lords represented glory, dream, and strength. If they became one of the seven Divine Dragon Lords, their name would spread throughout the Kunlun Realm.”

“You participated before?” Lin Yun asked curiously.

Lil’ Purple coughed, her face blushing. She said, “I was young then, so I didn’t participate in it before.”

“Oh?” Lin Yun smiled. He had a feeling that Lil’ Purple wasn’t being honest. She must’ve gone, but she failed to become one of the Divine Dragon Lords.

Seeing the smile on Lin Yun’s face, Lil’ Purple blushed, “Back in my era, there were too many geniuses. It’s on a whole new level compared to now.”

Lin Yun merely smiled and no longer pursued it. He was looking forward to the Blue Dragon Record because who didn’t want to spar with all the geniuses in the world with his sword? He heard that the champions of the other Heavenly Paths shone brightly after they arrived in the Kunlun Realm, with their names spreading far and wide.

Speaking of which, he was the champion of the Ninth Heavenly Path, but he never interacted with them before. So the Blue Dragon Record allowed him to see the other champions of the heavenly paths.

Aside from that, the holy sons and holy maidens from various forces wouldn’t miss out on this grand event, either. The Kunlun Realm was massive, and there were bound to be geniuses that far exceeded his imagination.

“The Blue Dragon Record is in the hands of Mu Xueling, and she will also hold this event. You can see her again.” Lil’ Purple winked with a probing smile.

“Well, I’m rather looking forward to it,” Lin Yun smiled honestly.

Lil’ Purple’s face sank as she said, “You’re a scumbag with your mind full of beauties.”

Lin Yun didn’t refute those words. It had been a long time since he last saw Yue Weiwei, and he had no news about her. If he could meet Mu Xueling, he could take this opportunity to ask about Yue Weiwei. Furthermore, he could probably see many familiar faces this time, including those familiar faces from the Ancient Barren Domain.