Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2181 - Heavenly Dipper Peak, Wang Zai

This scene shocked everyone. The Thousand Plume Great Saint smiled on the high platform, “That brat never fails to surprise people. But it’s a pity that he’s not willing to become a holy son.”

The Heavenly Yin Palace’s palace master smiled from the side, “Perhaps the holy son’s title isn’t enough to attract him. Maybe you should consider making him a divine son.”

“Oh?” The Thousand Plume Great Saint was briefly stunned, before he said, “Only the sect master can confer someone as the divine son, and the divine son also has to bear ‘Heavenly Dao.’”

“There might not be a sect master now, but it doesn’t mean there won’t be one in the future. Someone will ultimately have to bear it. Thousand Plume Great Saint, what do you think?” the Heavenly Yin Palace’s palace master smiled.

The Thousand Plume Great Saint merely replied with a smile and said nothing. They might seem to be at harmony now, but they were competing with each other in the dark. Other than the saints in the sect, the other holy lands’ experts were shocked by Lin Yun’s sword technique with their eyes shining brightly.

“As expected of the Heavenly Dragon Lord. He’s beyond common sense.”

“A Quasi-Saint at the Heavenly Origin Phase should be able to suppress someone at the Indigo Origin Phase, but that doesn’t work on Ye Qingtian.”

The Indigothunder Peak’s disciples became excited when they saw this scene after a brief silence, “Almighty Senior Brother Ye!”

Their emotions affected the disciples from the other peaks, and cheers echoed across the entire plaza.

“Didn’t I tell you to keep a low-profile?” The Indigothunder Peak Master transmitted his voice over to Lin Yun.

“I also wanted to keep a low-profile, but alas…” Lin Yun bitterly smiled since he had already been very cautious.

“What a great way to show off from the Heavenly Dragon Lord! But it’s not that simple for you to eliminate my Lightstream Peak’s name! Zhao Yang, defeat him within ten moves!” The Lightstream Peak’s peak master said furiously as he listened to the cheers.

A robust youth stood out from the Lightstream Peak’s party. His name was Zhao Yang, and he was eighty-nine this year with a cultivation at the high phase of the first stage at the Heavenly Origin Phase, and he had grasped three Greater Daos.

“Sorry about this.” Compared to Zhang Mu, Zhao Yan had a more composed personality, releasing his sacred flame and constellation the moment he went onto the stage. As the sacred flame released by him shone brightly, it became dazzling as sixteen layers of heavenly screens overlapped behind him.

“Finally, some pressure!” Lin Yun’s gaze was heated as he released his Greater Daos as well. Before Zhao Yan could even make a move, Lin Yun already dashed over.

“Divine Firefly Sword—Withered Tree Coming To Life!” After reaching the Indigo Origin Phase, the might of the Divine Firefly Sword had also increased, and a massive tree with a size comparable to a mountain rose from the ground. When Lin Yun thrusted his sword, a thunderstorm roared as thousands of flowers bloomed on the tree.

The petals formed into nine dragons empowered by sword intent and shone brightly like stars. This was a spectacular scene, looking like nine milky ways unleashed with his sword.

This scene scared Zhao Yan as his face became pale just when he was going to unleash his attack and quickly switched from offense to defense.

“Rising Sun!” Lin Yun swung his sword again after forcing his opponent to take three steps back. The sun hung high in the sky as the sword ray looked like a river of flames, looking as though it wanted to incinerate everyone into ashes, and this forced Zhao Yan to take three more steps back.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Polar Opposite!” Lin Yun thrusted his sword again and compressed the surrounding space, preventing Zhao Yan from escaping as the sword stabbed into Zhao Yan’s chest. The compressed space was like a blown-up balloon that exploded, dissipating Zhao Yan’s sacred flames. When Zhao Yan fell to the ground, he immediately lost consciousness.

The Lightstream Peak’s peak master was dumbfounded, and everyone was frightened by the power of the Divine Firefly Sword. Anyone could tell that this was the Divine Firefly Sword left behind by the Sword Ancestor, but they found it unfamiliar at the same time.

“Let me face you!” Another person from the Lightstream Peak couldn’t hold back anymore. After all, they had already lost twice, and they would be removed as one of the Upper Nine Peaks if they lost again. With that, their final trump card appeared, and this person was Wang Gang. He was a hundred years old and a direct descendant of the Wang Clan. He was famous within the Eastern Desolation a few decades ago.

He had gone into the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda twice. So even if he was only a hundred years old, his cultivation was equivalent to two hundred years, and he was the trump card of the Lightstream Peak. He soared to the sky with eighteen layers of heavenly screens spreading out.

But that wasn’t the most terrifying thing. The screens had a massive sun in the center, releasing a powerful pressure that looked like a real sun.

“Great!” Lin Yun laughed as he swung his sword forth, “Intoxicating Nine Heavenly Winds! Sky Streak Snow! Four Peaceful Seas!”

Lin Yun had only swung his sword once, but he released three different phenomena, which overlapped with a shake of his wrist. But when Lin Yun thrust his sword forth, everything turned into a sea of flames with golden lotuses blooming, “Flaming Golden Lotus!”

As countless sword rays shot out from the golden lotuses, they formed into a light beam that reached Wang Gang, hitting him in the chest.

The attack made Wang Gang let out a groan as he suppressed the rumbling energies within his body, and Lin Yun smiled, “It only looks fancy. It’s nothing impressive.”

But the moment he finished speaking, all the overlapped phenomena exploded. It might seem like a sword ray, but it contained the might of four swords that overlapped together.

Seeing this, Lin Yun smiled and sheathed his sword as Wang Gang fell to the ground with a large hole on his chest and fainted. With that, the Lightstream Peak was eliminated as one of the Upper Nine Peaks.

The surroundings fell into a dead silence as everyone looked at Lin Yun with disbelief. Ye Qingtian defeated Zhang Mu with ten swords, defeating Zhao Yan with three swords, and he defeated Wang Gang with one sword. All his three opponents were Quasi-Saints at the Heavenly Origin Phase, but they were easily dealt with by Ye Qingtian. The third opponent was even defeated with one sword.

“Lightstream Peak has lost. Indigothunder Peak is now one of the Upper Nine Peaks!” The Thousand Plume Great Saint announced, and everyone came to their senses. But the Indigothunder Peak Master felt like he was dreaming when he heard that the Indigothunder Peak was promoted to one of the Upper Nine Peaks.

“Is that the power of the Divine Firefly Sword? How terrifying!”

“That’s the section meant for Saints to cultivate, but Ye Qingtian had already reached greater mastery while at the Azure Origin Phase. Now that he made a breakthrough, the might of it naturally increased as well.”

“Ye Qingtian has the grace of the Sword Ancestor!”

“How many years has it been since there was such a ferocious swordsman?” The Saints from the six holy lands were shocked and felt that a new era was arriving, an era that solely belonged to Ye Qingtian. It was destined for Ye Qingtian to overshadow everyone in the Eastern Desolation with his talent.

“That fellow…” Wang Zai opened his eyes. He had been waiting for the fight amongst the Upper Nine Peaks, and he was prepared to trample on the other eight peaks. But Ye Qingtian appeared out of nowhere and stole all the limelight. As Wang Zai clenched his fists, murderous intent began to brew within his eyes.

There were a few more challenges after that, but they all failed. When the competition for the Upper Nine Peaks came to an end, it ended with the elimination of the Lightstream Peak and the addition of the Indigothunder Peak.

“Now, it’s time for the competition between the Upper Nine Peaks!” The Thousand Plume Great Saint announced. After all, the champion could obtain the qualifications to offer an incense to the predecessors, and this was a special treatment. As a result, the competition had always been intense.

But it would be more exciting this time with Ye Qingtian’s addition, and everyone was long prepared. Wang Zai lost his patience as he soared to the sky the moment the Thousand Plume Great Saint was done. He looked around, and said, “It’s too slow to fight one-on-one. All of you can come at me together or fight me one-on-one. No matter what, the champion title belongs to me!”

His voice spread far and wide, making everyone briefly stunned, but they found nothing wrong with that. After all, the Heavenly Dipper Peak’s strength was the strongest amongst the Upper Nine Peaks, and Wang Zai was someone the Wang Clan has nurtured with great efforts. Before Wang Muyan appeared, he was the leader of Wang Clan’s younger generation. Most importantly, he was the direct descendant of the Heavenly Yin Palace’s palace master, the Gale Rein Great Saint, and he had a unique position.

“How arrogant!”

“He’s the Gale Rein Great Saint’s great-grandson, favoured since he was young. Back then, he was still the Heavenly Yin Holy Son, but he committed a huge mistake and had his title as the holy son taken from him.”

“He’s more arrogant than Ye Qingtian, and I have a feeling that he’s targeting Ye Qingtian.”

While everyone was discussing amongst themselves, the Sword Honor Peak’s Zhou Muyang went on the stage. He cupped his hands together, “Sword Honor Peak’s Zhou Muyang is here to challenge.”

Wang Zai responded by cupping his hands together, and smiled, “Zhou Muyang, do you think that you’re qualified to challenge me?”

“Why not?” Zhou Muyang frowned. “In terms of identity, you’re the chief disciple of the Heavenly Dipper Peak, while I’m the Sword Honor Peak’s chief disciple. It’s unsure who will win if we fight.”

“Ha!” Wang Zai had mockery in his eyes, and smiled, “Not even those from the two palaces and three courtyards dare to say that to me. In terms of identity? Who the hell are you and who the hell am I? A mere disciple from the Zhou Clan like you wants to be on the same level as me?”

The disciples of the Heavenly Dipper Peak laughed. Who didn’t know that the Wang Clan was the strongest amongst the four major clans, and that the Zhou Clan was nothing in comparison.

Zhou Muyan’s face became pale, but he snorted, “So what if you’re from the Wang Clan? I don’t need anyone’s help, and I will defeat you today!”

Zhou Muyan drew his sword, empowering his attack with his Astral Sword Intent at lesser mastery, and he thrusted forth. The sword ray came ferociously, streaking across the horizon and reached Wang Zai.

As Wang Zai waved his hand, he coldly said, “What arrogance.”

As fluctuations spread out in the surroundings, Wang Zai disappeared, and the sword ray aimed towards the sky.

“I’m here!” Wang Zai smiled, strangely appearing beside Zhou Muyang.

Zhou Muyang reacted swiftly, swinging his sword and slicing the air into two like beancurd. But his attack missed again with Wang Zai disappearing with a burst of laughter.

“That’s the Wang Clan’s secret technique, the Void Step!” Someone recognized the movement technique that Wang Zai was using, and their faces changed.

Relying on his bizarre movement technique, Zhou Muyang couldn’t even touch the corner of Wang Zai’s clothes, and it didn’t take long before his forehead was covered with sweat. Suddenly, Wang Zai appeared and grabbed onto Zhou Muyang’s sword with two fingers.

As the sword trembled, Zhou Muyang couldn’t break free from the grasp, no matter how he tried.

Wang Zai sneered as a blazing aura turned the sword red. He said, “Swordsmen are garbage.”

With a twist, Zhou Muyang’s sword began to shatter, and Zhou Muyang took a palm to his chest from Wang Zai before he could even respond. The palm shattered all of Zhou Muyan’s ribs, leaving a palm print on his chest.

Throwing out a mouthful of blood, Zhou Muyang was in great pain. Seeing this, Wang Zai stood with his hands behind his back, and he pridefully said, “Seeing that we’re fellow disciples, I won’t kill you. You can get lost now.”