Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2191: The Ruthless Heavenly Dao

He had always been wondering where the Gale Rein Great Saint got his confidence from to come up with such a huge plan.

“You don’t have to be worried about it. I will give you what I promised you, and the Divine Maiden has gone to the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda. So you can just wait for the good news,” the Gale Rein Great Saint said calmly.

“How close are the Wang Clan and Blood Moon Sect? Is the Blood Moon Sect really that strong?” The Tough Peak Saint Sovereign asked.

When the Gale Rein Great Saint took a glance at the Tough Peak Saint Sovereign, he could tell that the latter was a little afraid. A long time later, the Gale Rein Great Saint smiled, “Our Wang Clan is the Blood Moon Sect, and we have been worshipping the sacred flame for generations.”

It turned out that the Wang Clan was a force of the Blood Moon Sect right from the beginning, and this made the Tough Peak Saint Sovereign shudder.

“As for how strong the Blood Moon Sect is?” The Gale Rein Great Saint looked at the Tough Peak Saint Sovereign, and said, “Back then, the ancestors of my sect were friends with the Blue Dragon Ancestral God. How can the current Divine Dragon Empire be compared to it? Three thousand years ago, there’s no telling who would be the final winner if not for the Southern Emperor. I don’t know who will be the ruler in the future, but you can be reassured to make a move. I can’t guarantee anything else, but I can guarantee you that I can help you become a Great Saint. Even if everyone in the Ye Clan is dead, you won’t die, and you will become a Great Saint.”

Hearing that, the Tough Peak Saint Sovereign no longer hesitated.

“You will go to the Nether Orchid Courtyard, and hold down the Bai Clan’s Saints, no matter what. The Nether Orchid Courtyard will be broken, so you don’t have to do anything else,” the Gale Rein Great Saint said.

“What if the Holy Spirit Courtyard and Profound Maiden Courtyard comes?” the Tough Peak Saint Sovereign asked.

“You will have reinforcements,” the Gale Rein Great Saint said. “Don’t pretend to be muddle-headed before me. I know that the foundation of your Ye Clan is bigger than my Wang Clan within the sect, so bring out your full strength. If we succeed, you’ll become the palace master of the Dao Yang Palace, and the entire Heavenly Dao Sect will be under your control once my Wang Clan leaves.”

The Tough Peak Saint Sovereign sent a deep look at the Gale Rein Great Saint. He naturally knew how risky it was, but he didn’t have a choice. He didn’t have much life span left, not to mention the Thousand Plume Great Saint was a traitor of the Ye Clan, and he had held it in for a long time. He had yearned for the Dao Yang Palace for a long time. He recollected his thoughts, and asked, “Since the Nether Orchid Courtyard will be broken, are you sure that you don’t want to touch that brat?”

“What Tian Xuanzi said is right. I’m afraid of him. If he’s really

Flower Burial and we force him into a dead-end, at least a Great Saint will die.” The Gale Rein Great Saint nodded, before he sneered, “Since Tian Xuanzi isn’t afraid of him, let Tian Xuanzi bear it, then.”

They had been planning this for hundreds of years, so they wouldn’t allow it to be ruined over a person. The Gale Rein Great Saint was naturally talking about the Firmament Saint Cloth, but he didn’t have much interest in it. He knew more than others, so he knew that the Firmament Saint Cloth was useless without receiving the true inheritance. Even Lin Yun didn’t dare to carelessly use it or he would have to pay a great price, which might be his life. Since that was the case, there was no need for them to provoke that brat.

The Tough Peak Saint Sovereign had unwillingness in his eyes, but he left. After he left, a person quietly appeared in the main hall. There was a golden vertical line on his forehead, looking noble and extraordinary.

“That fellow might seem calculative, but he has already lost his fangs. It is no wonder why that he can’t become a Great Saint after so long,” the man in black said with disdain in his tone.

The Gale Rein Great Saint smiled, “If that’s not the case, how would I be able to persuade him? But it’s a pity that we can’t persuade the Bai and Zhang Clans. Those two clans still want to bite down a piece of flesh from the Heavenly Dao Sect after everything has ended.”

“Let’s go.” The two left, each leading a party. The first team wore a black cloak with silver patterns on their robes, and the second team all wore red robes with golden moon patterns. They were enveloped in murderous intent as they left with countless people surging out from the Heavenly Yin Palace, following behind them.

They soon formed into a huge party and released a powerful aura. When they left the Heavenly Yin Palace, they soared to the sky, heading for the Dao Yang Palace. Under the moonlight, the group gave off a terrifying chill.

The night today was destined to be cold and long.

Behind the Heavenly Yin Palace, Zhao Tianyu and Gu Xinyu nervously lookied as the array began to take form. There were lights in the array in front of them that slowly intertwined together.

Suddenly, black miasma surged from beside Zhao Tianyu that faintly looked like a person. This person was Zhao Tianyu’s guardian, the mysterious expert who fought Ye Guhan back then.

“Bai Lu greets the Divine Son. Guardian Wang and that person have gone to the Dao Yang Palace,” a woman’s voice resounded from the black miasma. She continued, “Tough Peak Saint Sovereign is also making preparations, and they will attack the Nether Orchid Courtyard soon.”

“We have to hurry up. The Nether Orchid Courtyard isn’t that easy to breach,” Zhao Tianyu said. They had to swiftly breach the Nether Orchid Courtyard or they wouldn’t be able to enter the Celestial Pool. The Solar Lunar Divine Rune was what they were after for a few hundred years, and they could give up anything for it, including the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda. So they had to obtain the Solar Lunar Divine Rune no matter what. That was their bottom line.

After Gu Xinyu heard what he said, he patted his hands together and several Quasi-Saints were brought over. They weren’t dead, but they had lost consciousness with their cultivations sealed. They were laid on the ground, and had no idea what would happen next.

Right then, the red-clothed cultivators stabbed their swords through those Quasi-Saints’ chests. They were performing a Blood Ceremony. Ceremonies usually involve death. The Heavenly Dao Sect used demonic beasts, while the Blood Moon Sect used human cultivators.

As the blood gushed out from the bodies of those Quasi-Saints, it slowly converged at the array. When the flames sensed the blood, the flames instantly became excited. This made Gu Xinyu excited while Zhao Tianyu frowned and looked complicated with lightning flashing in his eyes.

The Blood Ceremony was inhumane. Even if everyone here were crooks, it was still against the teachings of the sect. But this had to be done for the Solar Lunar Divine Rune, the honor of the divine cult, and for their sacred flames to burn across the Kunlun Realm once more.

“You stay here. I have to make a trip to the Holy Spirit Courtyard,” Zhao Tianyu said.

Gu Xinyu nodded and wasn’t bothered by it. His gaze was on the array, looking with anticipation and excitement.

According to Wang Muyan, the Solar Lunar Divine Rune in the Celestial Pool was sealed with various arrays, and Zhao Tianyu needed that person to make a move. At that time, the array would be broken even if it was complicated.

At the back mountain of the Profound Maiden Courtyard, this place was filled with a spiritual mist and a Buddha engraved on the cliff, looking down at the plaza.

In this spacious plaza, only Lin Yun and Xin Yan were there, communicating with each other. As for Ye Guhan, he laid down on a chair, chewing on the Divine Dragon Fruit with his eyes closed.

.

“So, it’s the ninth?” Xin Yan finally knew what was going on from Lin Yun.

Looking at Xin Yan, Lin Yun felt that the former had a layer of sacred radiance on her under the Buddha. He asked, “Are you worried about the Serene Dust Great Saint?”

Xin Yan nodded, then sighed, “My master has been an indifferent person. I thought that she would leave if something like this happened, but she stayed.”

As a Great Saint, it was easy for her not to be involved in this matter, but the Serene Dust Great Saint and Heavenly Jade Sword Saint stayed; as well as the Dragon Origin Great Saint. This was because they had feelings for the Heavenly Dao Sect.

Lin Yun said, “The Heavenly Sword and Dao Sword are too ruthless.”

If the sword wielders were willing to stand out, no one would dare to make a move.

“If Heavenly Dao has emotions, it wouldn’t be called Heavenly Dao.” Xin Yan looked at Lin Yun, and she said, “I’ve stayed in the Heavenly Dao Sect longer than you, so I roughly know the reason why the two swords won’t make a move.”

“I’m not concerned about that,” Lin Yun replied. He firmly said, “I only know that Heavenly Dao is ruthless, but man has emotions. I don’t care about Heavenly Dao. I just want to protect those I want to protect.”

“You stinking brat!” Ye Guhan tossed the seed over.

Lin Yun dodged by instinct, but thinking that Xin Yan was in front of him, he wanted to reach out to grab it. Ye Guhan was harsh when beating others, but the seed was enveloped in a Buddhist radiance as it hovered before Xin Yan.

“So the Azure River Sword Saint has been eating the Divine Dragon Fruit,” Xin Yan smiled and carefully stowed the seed away.

“The Profound Maiden has become stronger. I’m afraid it won’t be long before you become a Bodhisattva,” Ye Guhan smiled.

Xin Yan replied with a smile, but said nothing when she heard that.

This made Lin Yun surprised because he realized that Xin Yan seemed to be going further and further down the path of Buddhism.

“Even the Profound Maiden is more sensible than you. The Heavenly Dao is ruthless, and there’s a reason for that,” Ye Guhan said. “You want to protect those you care about, but the Heavenly Dao is also protecting something.”

Right then, a tremor came from the Dao Yang Palace’s direction, along with multiple beams soaring to the sky. This made Lin Yun’s face change because this was a sign that someone was attacking the Dao Yang Palace’s spiritual array, and it looked like the Dao Yang Palace had encountered a formidable foe.

He could see many figures hovering in the air, and they were releasing dazzling saint radiances. They were all Saints, and there were a lot of them. He had a flash of worry in his eyes, so he stood up, muttering, “Are they finally going to make a move?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Don’t worry about it. It’s uncertain who will die and who will live.” Ye Guhan took out another Divine Dragon Fruit and chewed on it.