Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 2196: Heavenly Wheel Pagoda!

The Saints of the Bai Clan were dumbfounded as they looked like the third ‘mountain’ of the Heavenly Dao Sect. The Heavenly Wheel Pagoda was rising to the sky. In the next second, the space and time in that region began to distort. All the mountains and palaces within a hundred miles collapsed.

This kind of collapse wasn’t because a hole had appeared on the ground, but because the space in that region had collapsed, swallowing all the land and buildings. They were being crushed bit by bit, and the ripples created were even more terrifying as the nearby mountains became eroded by time. When a breeze blew past, the mountains were reduced to sand and were being blown away. This was a terrifying scene.

The thirty-sixth layer of heaven in that region was pierced with endless starlight shining down.

The massive Heavenly Wheel Pagoda rose to the sky like a mountain, releasing a terrifying energy fluctuation as it rose.

Cracks began to appear on the ground of the Nether Orchid Courtyard, and the Quasi-Saints who were controlling the array suffered a backlash and were heavily injured.

“Why did the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda move?”

“The Heavenly Wheel Pagoda is a time-space treasure, not to mention that it’s heavily guarded. Even if there aren’t any guards, it’s not something that even Emperors can subdue.”

“This is weird.”

“Ancestor, what should we do now?” Many Saint Elders of the Bai Clan couldn’t comprehend this scene, and they looked at the Bai Clan’s ancestor, the Heavenly Floral Saint Sovereign.

The Heavenly Floral Saint Sovereign was also amazed by this scene because this was too shocking, and it had a huge impact on him as well. In his impression, the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda should be a mountain like the two other mountains of the Heavenly Dao Sect, and no one could move it.

“Look, it’s that lass from the Wang Clan!” The Seven Feather Saint Lord exclaimed. There was a figure hovering above the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda with lightning ripping across the sky above her. The starlight that shone down lit up the region around her, and she looked like a dignified deity while hovering in the air.

“What is she doing?” The Heavenly Floral Saint Sovereign frowned. He still hadn’t connected the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda with Wang Muyan, and he didn’t expect that the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda was controlled by Wang Muyan. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Outside the Nether Orchid Courtyard, the Tough Peak Saint Sovereign, Absolute Nether Saint Sovereign, and Stun Yang Saint Sovereign looked depressed. After all, they couldn’t breach the array even after using all their trump cards. This struck a great blow to their morale. But after seeing this scene, the Tough Peak Saint Sovereign was briefly stunned before he rejoiced.

“Hahaha! The Gale Rein Great Saint didn’t bluff me!” The Tough Peak Saint Sovereign smiled eerily. “Call back all the Saint Elders and Quasi-Saints of the Ye Clan. Tell Mister Ghost to prepare to charge at any moment.”

The Stun Yang Saint Sovereign still had no idea what was going on, but he did as he was told. The Tough Peak Saint Sovereign stroked his beard with a bright smile on his face.

At the Nether Orchid Courtyard, all the Saint Elders and the Heavenly Floral Saint Sovereign were shocked. They didn’t know what it meant for the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda to hover in the sky.

“Ancestor, we have to stop that girl. The Heavenly Wheel Pagoda seems to be coming for the Nether Orchid Courtyard,” the Seven Feather Saint Lord said with concern. He had a feeling that something wasn’t right with Wang Muyan, and he could feel a chill running down his spine after seeing her gaze on the Nether Orchid Courtyard.

“You’re saying that the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda is being controlled by the Wang Clan’s lass? How is that possible?” The Heavenly Floral Saint Sovereign couldn’t believe it. Even someone of his strength couldn’t control the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda, so how did a lass like Wang Muyan manage to do it?

But he didn’t have the luxury of time to think. Wang Muyan raised her hands to the sky and countless lightning bolts began descending from the sky. Under her control, the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda rose to the sky and broke through the thirty-six layers of heaven. When it was beyond the thirty-six layers of heaven, space-time particles flowed towards the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda like a rainbow.

“Break!” With a roar from Wang Muyan, the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda shot down from the thirty-six layers of heaven like an arrow. The pagoda was slow when it rose to the sky, but it was so fast when it descended that even Saints couldn’t keep up with it.

“Not good!” The Heavenly Floral Saint Sovereign’s face changed, and he soared to the sky, wanting to personally preside over the Nether Orchid Sword Array to stop the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda. But it was too late. The Heavenly Wheel Pagoda descended like lightning, smashing against the Nether Orchid Sword Array.

The Nether Orchid Flower shattered, and the energy dome enveloping the entire Nether Orchid Courtyard shattered with all the Quasi-Saints controlling the array suffering a backlash and were heavily injured. But that wasn’t all. The Heavenly Wheel Pagoda was falling towards the main hall after shattering the Nether Orchid Sword Array.

This immediately left all the Saints dumbfounded, and they quickly executed their movement techniques to dodge the incoming attack.? With the Nether Orchid Sword Array stopping the pagoda for a split second, they managed to dodge the incoming attack, but the main hall was destroyed.

The Heavenly Wheel Pagoda smashed apart the main hall, along with the arrays, trees, and captive spiritual beasts there. Everything was reduced to ashes in this split second.

The entire Nether Orchid Courtyard trembled so violently that it was as though the world was collapsing. Amidst the cloud of dust, an energy fluctuation swiftly spread out from the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda.

“Stop!” The Heavenly Floral Saint Sovereign came to his senses. If this shockwave swept out, who knew how many people would die.

Ten-odd Saints made a move to shatter the shockwave, but their faces became pale. They only managed to block most of the shockwave, but they were still injured by a small part of the remaining energy. At the same time, ten-odd miles around the Nether Orchid Courtyard were razed to the ground.

In the billowing dust, all the familiar buildings and mountains were destroyed. Only the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda remained standing under the cloud of dust, looking like an invincible mountain.

The Nether Orchid Courtyard wasn’t a literal courtyard, but it was bigger than a powerful sect in the outside world. That’s why chaos ensued due to the buildings collapsing and flames spreading everywhere. Under the night, the Nether Orchid Courtyard that usually looked like a celestial realm, looked as though it was hit with the apocalypse.

“H-How is this possible?” The Saints of the Bai Clan had their faces turn pale. The limbs of the Heavenly Floral Saint Sovereign were trembling, and there was no blood on his face. He knew that the Bai Clan was finished because the Nether Orchid Courtyard was their last stronghold. There was an ancient teleportation array there that could send them away during a crucial moment. But now, their path of retreat had been destroyed, and they were doomed.

“Kill them!” Not giving them much time to think, the Ye Clan’s four Saint Sovereigns led the Saints charging forth along with their Quasi-Saint elites, launching an all-out attack against the Nether Orchid Courtyard. In front of them were three bronze corpses that were a hundred feet high. They would cause the ground to tremble whenever they took a step.

The three bronze corpses all released the aura of someone at the pinnacle of the Saint Realm. They were controlled by the Ye Clan’s Guest Elder, Mister Ghost. The latter was a corpse cultivator, and he was a remnant of the Corpse Gate that was wiped out a long time ago.

The Nether Orchid Courtyard fell into chaos with blood and fire everywhere as the Bai Clan lost their advantage.

Standing on a mountain, Zhao Tianyu and Gu Xinyu stood side by side as they looked at the Nether Orchid Courtyard from a distance. Gu Xinyu looked excited and emotional.

Zhao Tianyu asked, “Has the sect master arrived?”

Gu Tianyu solemnly nodded, “But it’s just a clone of the sect master, and it needs some time before it can regain its strength. But the Divine Son doesn't have to be worried because I have prepared enough blood, and everything is going as planned.”

Zhao Tianyu had not so much as a ripple on his handsome face, but he was filled with emotions while looking at the razed Nether Orchid Courtyard. He said, “It was rumored that the three courtyards of the Heavenly Dao Sect were established by Deities in ancient times, and the Nether Orchid Sword Array can even slay an Emperor. But it still broke down.”

“We’re lucky that the Divine Maiden made a move or it’d be impossible to breach the array by relying on the Ye Clan,” Gu Xinyu sighed.

“This is why arrays cannot be trusted, and only people can,” Zhao Tianyu said. It was the stupidest mindset for the Bai Clan to rely on an array while they sit back and relaxed.

Right then, a figure descended before them. This person was Wang Muyan, who was controlling the Heavenly Wheel Pagoda earlier. Wang Muyan had a cold temperament, giving off a hint of divinity from her brows. This was completely different from her usual bewitching self. Just her presence alone made Gu Xinyu and Zhao Tianyu feel a great pressure. She asked, “Where’s your man?”

“There’s no need to hurry,” Zhao Tianyu said calmly. “I will notify him to be here when the time comes.”

“That person is from the other side?” Wang Muyan instantly understood what Zhao Tianyu meant.

Zhao Tianyu nodded in acknowledgement. This meant that person was from the Demonspirit Clan. If possible, Zhao Tianyu and Wang Muyan didn’t want too many people to be involved in this matter.

“The Nether Orchid Courtyard is in chaos now, so there shouldn’t be anyone paying attention to the Celestial Pool. We just have to keep a low profile and not attract too much attention, lest the Ye Clan finds out,” Zhao Tianyu said.

The three said nothing else as they quickly entered the Nether Orchid Courtyard. The Nether Orchid Courtyard was in chaos with the Ye Clan was pushing back the Bai Clan.

The Heavenly Floral Saint Sovereign and the Saint Elders were standing at the front, doing their best to cover for the disciples of the Nether Orchid Courtyard. Only a Quasi-Saint could ensure their safety in a battle of this scale, and those beneath the Quasi-Saint would die if they were caught in the energy fluctuations.

In just a few minutes, the Nether Orchid Courtyard had suffered heavy casualties. The Tough Peak Saint Sovereign and Stun Yang Saint Sovereign didn’t make a move. They only let the other two Saint Sovereigns to make a move, since they were already capable of forcing the Bai Clan to retreat.

Amidst the chaos, Zhao Tianyu’s group of three swiftly entered and reached the foot of the Celestial Pool.

“It looks like there’s no one here,” Gu Xinyu smiled as he looked at the quiet mountain.

“Let’s go.” Zhao Tianyu took the lead. But he was cautious and wasn’t moving very fast.

At the same time, the commotion in the Nether Orchid Courtyard had shocked Ye Guhan and others in the Profound Maiden Courtyard.