Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2200: Why?!

The red-clothed youth was the current sect master of the Blood Moon Sect!

The trio who were climbing the mountain were calm and composed. They had been cautious, and didn’t forcibly barge into the Celestial Pool. When they discovered that Ye Guhan arrived, they even slowed down their speed.

When the Tough Peak Saint Sovereign was pinned on a far away mountain, they thought they had failed and waited for there to be an outcome at the Dao Yang Palace. But at this critical moment, their trump card finally arrived.

Zhao Tianyu and Gu Xinyu were the ones who summoned the sect master’s clone earlier. The sect master was an Emperor, so it would be troublesome for his main body to come since there were too many people keeping an eye on him. Even if the sect master could come, he wouldn’t be willing to take the risk.

“Let’s resume,” Zhao Tianyu said with his expression loosening up.

Read the most updated version of this novel and other amazing translated novels from the original source at [ Innread.com ]

“Let’s speed up in case something happens again,” Wang Muyan said with a grave expression.

“Okay.” The trio executed their moment techniques and charged at the Celestial Pool, completely releasing their auras.

“They’re here.” Bai Shuying, who was at the Celestial Pool, opened her eyes with a cold light flashing across them. The faces of the nearby Golden Guards changed, and they quickly held onto their weapons.

Since Zhao Tianyu, Gu Xinyu, and Wang Muyan didn’t conceal their auras when they were traveling at full speed, they were immediately detected.

Bai Xiao was surprised because there was really someone coming after the Celestial Pool. It didn’t take long for Zhao Tianyu, Gu Xinyu, and Wang Muyan to appear before the Golden Guards.

“There’s someone guarding this place? It looks like we’re at the right location.” Zhao Tianyu looked at the Golden Guards before he turned to Bai Shuying with a smile.

“Zhao Tianyu?” Bai Shuying wasn’t surprised by Wang Muyan’s appearance, and she soon recognized Zhao Tianyu’s identity. She looked at Wang Muyan, and asked, “So, you’re the Blood Moon Divine Maiden, right?”

Wang Muyan showed no emotions on her face as she indifferently replied, “Bai Shuying, I have promised someone that I won’t make a move against those from the Heavenly Dao Sect, so back down. The Nether Orchid Courtyard cannot be protected, and that goes the same for the Heavenly Dao Sect. The outcome has already been determined.”

“What if I decline?” Bai Shuying was a meticulous person, and said, “You guys also didn’t want the secret here to be disclosed, right? Since there are only the three of you, I’m afraid that the three of you still aren’t enough.”

The twenty-odd Golden Guards took a step forth. They were all elites of the Heavenly Dao Sect at the Quasi-Saint Realm. So unless a Saint had personally come, they weren’t afraid of anyone.

“Attack!” Bai Shuying said without a hint of hesitation in her tone.

The twenty-odd Golden Guards drew their weapons, lighting up the entire mountain, which lit the night.

As they released their auras, they summoned their constellations that shone brightly. They were the pride of the Heavenly Dao Sect, and didn’t fear death.

Gu Xinyu’s face changed because if he dared to dash forth under this condition, there was no doubt that he would be instantly defeated.

“Divine Son…” Gu Xinyu’s face was ugly with sweat dripping down his forehead. He didn’t expect there to be a group of Golden Guards hidden at the Celestial Pool, so he turned to look at Zhao Tianyu.

“I can’t make a move,” Wang Muyan said as she retreated.

Facing the Golden Guards, Zhao Tianyu was calm, but he was surprised by Wang Muyan’s words. He didn’t pay any attention to the Golden Guards who were charging over, but looked at Wang Muyan with surprise.

“Die!” Bai Xiao, who had charged over, naturally wouldn’t give up on such a good opportunity, and he used his strongest attack when Zhao Tianyu turned to look at Wang Muyan.

In the next second, a Nether Orchid Flower bloomed as sword rays intertwined and locked onto Zhao Tianyu.

But Zhao Tianyu had no change on his face as he waved his hand, unleashing the Red Lotus Karma Flame. When the flame appeared, the sword rays couldn’t even get close and were destroyed.

Zhao Tianyu then followed up with a palm. The Red Lotus Karma Flame bloomed, and the palm landed on Bai Xiao, who threw out a mouthful of blood and was sent flying away.

“Launching a sneak attack isn’t righteous,” Zhao Tianyu smiled, having no panic on his face even when facing so many Golden Guards. He clasped his hands together and the Red Lotus Karma Flame bloomed beneath his feet as a red halo swept out.

As ripples spread out in the air, the Golden Guards that were less than ten meters away from him had their speed greatly restrained. Their movements became slowed, as though the time within ten meters of radius around Zhao Tianyu had changed.

“As cultivators, we have to fight openly even if you have no odds of winning, and you also need the courage to face death!” As Zhao Tianyu spoke, his aura began to climb, forming into a crimson moon that enveloped him.

He suddenly clasped his hands together, and swatted with his right hand. It was like a crimson moon hanging upside down that rotated rapidly, accompanied with an astonishing power that exploded on his palm, sending the twenty-odd Golden Guards flying away.

“The Undying Phoenix Scripture?” Bai Shuying looked at the runes on the crimson moon, and immediately recognized the martial technique that Zhao Tianyu was practicing.

“Impressive eyesight you have there. As expected of a prestigious disciple. Even the Sacred Alliance only has bits and pieces of the Undying Phoenix Scripture, but it looks like the Bai Clan has some position in the Sacred Alliance,” Zhao Tianyu smiled elegantly.

Bai Shuying looked nervous and stopped the Golden Guards who wanted to charge forth, “Back down!”

When Zhao Tianyu brought out the Undying Phoenix Scripture, Bai Shuying knew that the Golden Guards couldn’t stop him.

“Too late.” Zhao Tianyu lost his patience and indigo lightning exploded from his forehead. All the Golden Guards at the Celestial Pool had never faced this might before, and they had fear reflected in their eyes. Before releasing the Divine Lightning Eyes, cracks already began to spread on the ground.

The twenty-odd Golden Guards were sent flying away, and they had no rooms to dodge when Zhao Tianyu looked at them.

As multiple figures fell from the ground, the saint radiance they released became dim, and they were covered in wounds. There was lightning flashing on their wounds that coursed throughout their bodies. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When they fell to the ground, they groaned out in pain while rolling on the ground. Lightning continued to flicker on them, creating a shocking scene.

Bai Xiao felt his scalp going numb because this power was unimaginable, and it wasn’t any different from annihilating all lives with a glance.

Zhao Tianyu let out a breath as he closed the Divine Lightning Eye on his forehead. He still looked as elegant as he did before, but he gave everyone a different feeling.

Gu Tianyu had lingering fear in his eyes when he saw this and was suffering an unimaginable impact in his heart. He had always been an aloof person, and had desires of replacing Zhao Tianyu despite looking respectful. He felt that he wasn’t any weaker than Zhao Tianyu, but he knew at this moment that Zhao Tianyu had kept a low profile all along.

Zhao Tianyu was probably aware of his inner thoughts, but he wasn’t bothered by them.

“Bai Shuying, why aren’t you backing down?!” Wang Muyan roared.

This made Zhao Tianyu frown, realizing that something wasn’t right with Wang Muyan for some time now. The latter might seem indifferent, but she had been trying to let Bai Shuying go.

“Holy Maiden, it’s better for you to stay behind!” Zhao Tianyu didn’t say much as an invisible pressure fell onto Wang Muyan.

But Wang Muyan was firm as she looked at Zhao Tianyu. She asked, “Do you really have to take it that far?”

Zhao Tianyu bitterly smiled, “Because of him?”

Wang Muyan coldly looked at Zhao Tianyu, and she didn’t deny it.

The fury made Zhao Tianyu laugh as he said in a self-mocking tone, “So the Divine Maiden has fallen in love. Gu Xinyu, what are you doing? Why aren’t you making a move?!”

His face had a rare eerie expression that scared Gu Xinyu. The latter didn’t dare to delay as he soared to the sky and charged at Bai Shuying.

Bai Xiao wanted to stop Gu Xinyu, but he was heavily injured and was sent flying away with one exchange.

“You want me to stop me with only that much strength?” Gu Xinyu said with disdain as his gaze fell onto Bai Shuying.

Bai Shuying was firm, but her heart fluctuated after seeing so many of the Golden Guards injured. Her heart had become a mess, especially after seeing Bai Xiao being injured again, and she hated herself at this moment. After all, none of this would’ve happened if he was a little stronger.

Bai Shuying wavered, but she made up her mind. She said, “Let them go, and I’ll surrender.”

Seeing this, Gu Xinyu turned in mid-air, and his gaze fell onto Zhao Tianyu.

Zhao Tianyu smiled, “That’s a good attitude, and we just so happen to need you in the Celestial Pool. I won’t touch these people then. Seal her cultivation and let her lead the way.”

Gu Xinyu was decisive since he couldn’t afford to offend Zhao Tianyu or Wang Muyan. But he couldn’t afford to offend Zhao Tianyu even more because the latter’s strength made him feel afraid down to his soul.

“I’m sorry about this!” Gu Xinyu stepped forth with his hand about to reach Bai Shuying’s forehead, and the latter showed no resistance.

“Gu Xinyu, you dare touch her?” A roar echoed from the Celestial Pool as a figure clad in a golden radiance flew over. His roar made the ground tremble, and the roar pierced into Gu Xinyu’s soul, which made the latter briefly stunned.

When Gu Xinyu was briefly stunned, a bright sun descended with a palm. This terrified Gu Xinyu as he took half a step back, but the newcomer had no intentions of letting Gu Xinyu go and his palm landed on the latter’s chest.

The huge impact made Gu Xinyu throw out a mouthful of blood while being knocked back towards Zhao Tianyu’s side, rolling on the ground several times before he managed to stabilize himself.

When the golden radiance dissipated, it revealed an azure-robed figure with a sword box on his back. It was none other than Lin Yun.

“Ye Qingtian!” Bai Xiao and the other Golden Guards saw a wisp of hope when they saw Lin Yun.

Bai Shuying was briefly stunned, before she muttered, “Why are you here?”

“Because I knew that you would be here. You’re a stubborn person, and you would guard this place even if everyone in the Nether Orchid Courtyard leaves,” Lin Yun smiled. He had rushed over with the fastest speed after making the decision to stay behind with his senior brother.

But Lin Yun’s speed wasn’t comparable to his senior brother’s, so he only arrived at that moment, even after circulating the Divine Sunchasing Art to the limit.

“You shouldn’t be here. I also shouldn’t be here. Now, none of us can leave.” Bai Shuying was dazed as she looked at Ye Qingtian. She didn’t know if she should call this person Ye Qingtian or Flower Burial Lin Yun. After the ceremony, she had many things to ask him. She wanted to ask if he was Flower Burial Lin Yun.

“Since I’m here, I’ll bring you with me,” Lin Yun said firmly.

“How cheesy. Ye Qingtian, don’t forget that you’re someone who lost to me,” Zhao Tianyu said with a hint of rage in his tone. It was rare for someone like him to lose his composure, but he could no longer contain his emotions because of Wang Muyan.

He had a speculation in his heart, but he didn’t expect it to be real. He didn’t expect that the Blood Moon Divine Maiden would be willing to let the Nether Orchid Holy Maiden go because of this person.

He wanted to ask why. He grew up with Wang Muyan, and they supported each other in the Blood Moon Sect before they came this far.

“Ye Guhan isn’t here, so let me see who can save you!” Zhao Tianyu finally lost it as he became agitated with a terrifying aura sweeping out from him.