Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2208: We Had An Agreement

With the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella in his hand, Lin Yun fought off two Saint Lords as though he was taking a stroll, making many people feel unbelievable. Everyone knew that the Sovereign Saint Artifact wasn’t invincible, and one would have to suffer a backlash the more powerful their opponents were. But it was completely different when it came to Lin Yun.

“Ye… Lin Yun, are you alright?” Bai Shuying couldn’t help asking. She wasn’t a little girl and knew there was no room for her feelings. She was just concerned about Lin Yun’s condition.

“Senior Sister, don’t worry about it,” Lin Yun smiled, but he didn’t turn around. His condition was doing well and was less serious than everyone had imagined.

At the Ancient Barren Battlefield, he was only at the Dragon Pulse Realm and naturally couldn’t use the Sovereign Saint Artifact properly. At the time, he had to exhaust everything he had. In the end, he had to even put his life on the line after undoing three seals, and slayed that Saint Lord to after putting his life on the line. The consequences were dire because his cultivation was crippled, even though he was still alive.

But it was different now because he had the Azure Dragon Divine Physique and a cultivation at the Quasi-Saint Realm. In a nutshell, his body wouldn’t collapse as long as he controlled himself a little. If he exhausted his life force as a cost, he could unleash more power of the Sovereign Saint Artifact, but he would also fall into danger at that time and suffer a backlash if he wasn’t careful.

“Can you still hold on?” The Dragon Origin Great Saint had his hands on the ground to inject vitality into the runes. His face was pale, his lips trembling, and his arms shaking. But he still tried to raise his head to look at Lin Yun.

All the saints at the array nodes were heavily injured by the Golden-Eyed Demonspirit, Star Asura King, and they barely supported the Emperor Sword Array. Close to the Dragon Origin Great Saint, the Serene Dust Great Saint, Azure River Sword Saint, and Thousand Plume Great Saint were also holding on to maintain the operation of the Emperor Sword Array.

Once the Emperor Sword Array breaks, the Heavenly Jade Sword Saint’s Saint Soul would not be able to withstand the attacks from the Star Asura King and the red-clothed youth.

“Tell me if you can’t hold on any longer, and I’ll help you,” the Dragon Origin Great Saint said.

“Don’t worry about it. They’re mere Saint Lords, so I don’t need Master to worry about me,” Lin Yun winked at the Dragon Origin Great Saint.

“Brat, you’re looking more like the Radiant Sword Saint now!” Ye Guhan smiled. He could tell Lin Yun wasn’t injured; he only had a huge exhaustion to his vitality and saint aura. There wasn’t any problem now, but it would be troublesome once Lin Yun exhausted all of his saint aura and vitality.

Since Ye Guhan could notice it, the Horizon Hawk Saint Lord and Azure Scythe Saint Lord could as well.

“We can’t face the Sovereign Saint Artifact head-on,” the Azure Scythe Saint Lord said. He had taken an attack from the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella head-on, and his soul was still rippling from it, along with a surge of dizziness.

“Buy some time. Time is on our side,” the Horizon Hawk Saint Lord gritted his teeth as he wiped the blood off his lips.

His injuries were more serious than the Azure Scythe Saint Lord, nearly becoming heavily injured. This was mainly because he was careless when he fought with Lin Yun earlier.

“That brat also has his problems, and the power of the Sovereign Saint Artifact isn’t that weak.” The two exchanged a gaze as they soared to the sky.

“Heavenly Yin Ghost Claw!”

“Karma Incineration Lotus!” The two Saint Lords brought out their strongest attacks with massive dao flowers behind them.

They previously wanted to end the battle quickly and snatch Bai Shuying. But after realizing that they could do nothing against the Sovereign Saint Artifact, they changed their mindset. This was because all Saints were experienced in battle.

When the Horizon Hawk Saint Lord unleashed a ghost claw, a bone claw manifested from flames and lightning, looking terrifying with two greater daos empowering it.

On the other hand, the Azure Scythe Saint Lord waved his hand and unleashed an ultimate attack from the Blood Moon Sect, with saint daos forming into a crimson lotus. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The two attacks were terrifying and made everyone feel suffocating before they even descended. This also made Lin Yun frown since he couldn’t be bothered to face the two incoming attacks with the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella.

“Ha!” But before Lin Yun could catch his breath, the two Saint Lords descended from the sky. Various dragon spirit martial techniques began flying around, with Lin Yun’s saint aura and vitality exhausting rapidly.

Lin Yun tried to attack during this period, but the two Saint Lords merely sneered and retreated, not clashing with him head-on. When Lin Yun returned, they reappeared in their original position. Since the two Saint Lords no longer looked down on a Quasi-Saint, Lin Yun felt powerless even with a Sovereign Saint Artifact in his hand.

This won’t work… Lin Yun inwardly muttered. The two Saint Lords were recovering from their injuries while his exhaustion continued. If this went on, it wouldn’t be long before he fell into a dangerous position.

Without warning, Lin Yun’s back split open with blood splashing out. This was a sign that his vitality had been exhausted, and Lin Yun would’ve collapsed if not for the Azure Dragon Divine Physique.

“Let’s go!” The two Saint Lords exchanged a gaze and executed their movement techniques, charging Lin Yun from the left and right.

The situation suddenly became dangerous as the two Saint Lords joined hands to deal with a Quasi-Saint. The Saint Lords were fast, even when they didn’t use any movement technique and were several times faster than a Quasi-Saint. Even Lin Yun couldn’t keep up with their speed and could only predict their movements with the Azure Dragon Sword Heart.

Facing danger, Lin Yun’s body became tense, and his heart started beating violently. He took a deep breath because he knew he couldn’t avoid this attack and did not intend to.

With a shrewd light flashing in his eyes, he tightened his grip on the umbrella, allowing the two Saint Lords to get close to him. When he was in danger, Lin Yun raised the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella with his hair fluttering, and he roared, “Oh, Azure Dragon!”

The Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella opened up once more. But it was different this time. There was a dragon soul being activated. This was a gift from Mu Xueling, a pure-blooded dragon soul, the soul of the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella.

When the umbrella opened, a terrifying aura gushed out, forcing the two Saint Lords to show themselves. They were one step away from Lin Yun, enveloped by powerful pressure, and couldn’t get close.

“Not good!” The two squinted as they got a bad feeling about this and wanted to retreat.

“You guys think you can flee? I have never feared death after coming this far, and you’re looking down on me to think that I don’t dare to put my life on the line!” Lin Yun grinned, and his face was sinister as his face became covered with cracks.

The Glorysun Spirit and Glorymoon Spirit on the umbrella were activated, and a powerful pressure swept out. As a terrifying radiance shone from the umbrella, the two Saint Lords who wanted to retreat were struck by it.

The saint energy around them collapsed along with their saint constellations. The two Saint Lords were sent flying away and collapsed on the ground; their internal organs shattered, and vitality emptied. They were heavily injured, so they couldn’t put up another fight.

Lin Yun also threw out a mouthful of blood as he closed the umbrella and supported himself with it, which was why he didn’t collapse. His vitality was exhausted. It was dangerous for him to forcefully activate the dragon soul and glory spirits.

But he didn’t have a choice because the two Saint Lords were determined to exhaust him to death, so he decided to take a risk. But fortunately, his injuries weren’t fatal, despite looking terrifying. This was completely different from the battle at the Ancient Barren Battlefield.

Since Lin Yun couldn’t last any longer with the Azure Dragon Divine Physique, he threw out a mouthful of blood and his face became pale.

“Lin Yun…” Bai Shuying’s face changed, and an incident occurred just when she wanted to step forward. The two other Saint Lords had finally recovered from most of their injuries and charged at the collapsed Lin Yun.

“Damn it!” Bai Shuying’s face became cold when she saw this scene.

The Saint Lords had forced a Quasi-Saint to this point, but that wasn’t the end. Lin Yun clearly couldn’t resist, and yet they still wanted to come after him.

Bai Shuying was really furious this time, with her face becoming cold. She couldn’t allow Lin Yun to die here, so she began to form seals with a dazzling radiance shining from her. She had forcefully undone the seal on the Solar Divine Rune.

With a flick of her finger, the Solar Divine Rune was like a shackle that connected with Lin Yun’s back. This scene shocked everyone present, including the Heavenly Jade Sword Saint. When she looked down, her face drastically changed.

After the seal on the Solar Divine Rune was removed, the rune fused into Lin Yun’s body, and the latter could immediately feel his blood boiling. The next moment, a majestic power enveloped him as he stood up and felt that his body was about to blow apart from the power.

“It’s Bai Shuying. Did she give me the Solar Divine Rune? This…” Lin Yun was shocked because he was filled with energy. Rhe Solar Divine Rune was a Sovereign Divine Rune, even if it was only half.

Lin Yun’s injuries rapidly recovered with power flowing throughout his body and a golden radiance shone from his eyes. As Lin Yun let out a roar at the sky, he raised the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella, pouring the infinite power within his body into the umbrella, activating the Glorysun Spirit, Glorymoon Spirit, Glorygold Spirit, and Glorywood Spirit.

Activating four glory spirits simultaneously, Lin Yun opened the umbrella and charged at the two Saint Lords with an immense power that caused space to start distorting.

This surprised the two Saint Lords before they were slashed into two by the Azure Dragon Sun-Moon Umbrella. But Lin Yun didn’t rejoice. His face sank as he quickly turned over to look at Bai Shuying, “Senior Sister!”

After losing the Solar Divine Rune, Bai Shuying became weak, with her face pale, and was on the verge of collapsing.

Lin Yun took a step forth and took Bai Shuying into his embrace.

Bai Shuying’s condition was terrible, but she smiled as she looked at Lin Yun, “I knew you would come. You promised me, and we had an agreement.”