Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2211 - Time Flows Like Water (2)

The red-clothed youth pushed his palm forth, knocking the Heavenly Jade Sword Saint away, and he said, “Three Sword Saints of the Eastern Desolation, it looks like none of them are simple. I’m lucky you haven’t reached the Emperor Realm, or I might not dare to come.”

He wasn’t joking with what he said because he could sense that the Heavenly Jade Sword Saint would step into the Emperor Realm within ten years or even less if she was lucky.

When the Dragon Origin Great Saint wanted to make a move, his punch clashed with the Star Asura King. When the two punches clashed, they were like two beasts colliding together.

“You’re someone who has become a Saint by tempering your physique. Why don’t you give me an evaluation of my physique?” The Star Asura King smiled with a hint of mockery.

This naturally infuriated the Dragon Origin Great Saint, but he discovered that he couldn’t move the Star Asura King. The Demonspirit Clan was famous for their life force, and they possessed an undying physique from birth. The Star Asura King was a Golden-Eyed Demonspirit, meaning the Dragon Origin Great Saint couldn’t compete with him in physique alone.

“Why don’t I evaluate you instead? Your acquired divine physique is lacking and filled with flaws everywhere.” Demonic radiance enveloped the Star Asura King as he easily crushed the Dragon Origin Great Saint’s arm.

“The game has come to an end here!” The red-clothed youth roared as he flicked the Azure River Sword, injuring Ye Guhan through the shockwave alone. But that wasn’t all as he pushed his palm forth, unleashing his emperor aura at the incoming Great Saints.

Under a cloud of dust, he donned a red robe, looking invincible, making everyone present feel suffocating because the red-clothed youth was too powerful. Everyone finally began to realize how powerful he was after losing the protection of the Emperor Sword Array. Was this the power of an Emperor? Even if this was a clone, it was unimaginably powerful. They realized how unbelievable it was for Ye Guhan to inflict heavy injuries on him.

“Flower Burial, this is what everyone calls you, right? I’ll call you that as well. Come with me. My promise is valid. I only want the Solar Divine Rune and won’t harm your life. If you’re willing, I’m even willing to take you in as my disciple, and it’d be my honor,” the red-clothed youth smiled as he walked over.

Everyone now noticed that even if the red-clothed youth was arrogant, he was filled with respect for those with strength and talent. He admired Lin Yun even after he had killed four Saint Lords from the Blood Moon Sect.

He treated everyone differently, which was different from the Star Asura King. The latter might be wearing a smile, but he gave off an oppressive aura that made everyone feel suffocating.

“What about everyone else?” The Star Asura King asked.

“Kill them all. No one can live after refusing me,” the red-clothed youth said.

“I also share the same thought,” the Star Asura King grinned.

Suddenly, the Star Asura King and red-clothed youth couldn’t move any further as they felt an invincible wall before them. They were clearly one step away from the Heavenly Dao Sect’s party, but they couldn’t take that step out no matter how they tried.

“Emperor Realm?” The Star Asura King and red-clothed youth were baffled.

“I have seen through life, and only I’m like the sun. I’m content seeing the birds chipping, like a phoenix soaring to the sky.” Just when the Star Asura King and red-clothed youth were baffled, a clear voice made Lin Yun’s eyes light up because this voice belonged to Tian Xing.

A middle-aged man dressed like a scholar appeared with a ray of light and landed before Lin Yun. He looked at the Star Asura King and red-clothed youth with a stern expression.

“Sect master!” The Great Saints immediately recognized this person, and they had guilt on their faces.

This middle-aged man was the previous sect master of the Heavenly Dao Sect, Tian Xing, and he was currently the Celestial Purging Mountain array spirit. His body was transparent like a ghost, and flames were blazing in his chest as though they would extinguish the next moment.

The red-clothed youth’s grave expression disappeared, and he mockingly smiled, “So, it’s the Sword Emperor!”

He purposely dragged the last two words with a playful expression.

“I’m just a remnant soul living in the world even after my death,” Tian Xing said.

Hearing that, the Star Asura King heaved a sigh of relief.

As the corner of the mouth of the red-clothed youth rose, he arrogantly said, “Three thousand years ago, Yu Qingfeng barged into the Heavenly Dao Sect and was saved by the Southern Emperor. I’m also here to barge into the Heavenly Dao Sect three thousand years later. So, who do you think is stronger? Me or him?”Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Tian Xing indifferently said, “Yu Qingfeng personally came here, while you only dare to come with your clone. I believe there’s no need for me to say who’s better.”

“Ha!” The red-clothed youth sneered. “You’re only a remnant soul, and you still don’t know what’s best for you. You deserved your defeat at Yu Qingfeng’s hand three thousand years ago. How does living on the Celestial Purging Mountain like a dog feel? Since you couldn’t do anything three thousand years ago, why come out now? Or do you think that I will be scared away by you? Get lost!”

The red-clothed youth made a move with a ferocious look as he pushed his palm forth.

But Tian Xing didn’t even make a move as the red-clothed youth groaned before he retreated a hundred meters away.

“Young lad, do you mind if I borrow your sword? I had already noticed the origin of this sword a long time ago,” Tian Xing smiled.

“Senior, go ahead.” After Lin Yun struggled to get back on his feet, he offered the Flower Burial Sword.

“This is a good sword, but I wonder how much power it has left.” Tian Xing’s eyes shone brightly when he held onto the Flower Burial Sword.

“Old dog, it looks like I have underestimated you.” the red-clothed youth said, clutching his chest.

The Star Asura King went on alert as they both exchanged a gaze and decided to get rid of Tian Xing first. But their attacks missed because the moment they stepped forth, Tian Xing had disappeared.

“Behind us!” The red-clothed youth’s face sank as he turned around with the Star Asura King.

Tian Xing weaved through the Wang and Ye Clan’s Saints, causing blood to splash as he unleashed sword rays. His sword techniques were accurate, with no fancy moves.

The martial techniques of the Heavenly Yin and Dao Yang Palaces revolved around him, and light gradually shone on his chest. Tian Xing became excited as he pierced a Saint Lord’s forehead with the sword, extinguishing that Saint Lord’s Saint Soul. He laughed, “Hahaha! This is satisfying!”

As blood splashed around, another Saint Lord fell to the ground. With a gentle flick of his wrist, that headless corpse was severed into two. He still didn’t let go of that corpse as he turned around, severing it into four pieces.

His movements were smooth, like he wasn’t killing Saint Lords but a bunch of cabbage. This was too terrifying because no Saint Lords and Saint Sovereigns could withstand an exchange with him before they were ripped apart.

The red-clothed youth and Star Asura King were dumbfounded and couldn’t say a word. In a brief moment, most of the Saints were dead as Heavenly Yin and Dao Yang Sword Aura stuck onto everyone, and no one could escape.

As for those at the Quasi-Saint Realm, Tian Xing couldn’t be bothered with them, so he merely sent them flying away. He didn’t touch a single one beneath the Saint Realm, but slew everyone who reached the Saint Realm.

Everyone on the plaza was deeply shocked by this scene, including Lin Yun.

“Sect Master, save us!”

“Don’t kill us! We’re also members of the Heavenly Dao Sect, and we have realized our mistake!” Wails resounded from the Ye Clan.

The Stun Yang Saint Sovereign ran for his life as he bawled. He was deeply frightened by Tian Xing.

“Stop it!” The red-clothed youth became furious after coming to his senses. After all, those were Saints.

Even after he and the Star Asura King charged into the crowd, Tian Xing didn’t even bat an eye at them as he carried on slaughtering the traitors of the Heavenly Dao Sect. In just a few minutes, the ground was already stained with blood, and there wasn’t anyone standing aside from the red-clothed youth and Star Asura King.

“Who wasn’t a genius…” Ye Guhan muttered to himself when he saw this scene.

“Old dog, I’ll torture your soul and make you suffer worse than death for eternity!” The red-clothed youth went insane with genuine fury now.

“What can you do to me?” Tian Xing smiled.

When Lin Yun looked at Tian Xing from afar, the latter’s smile looked like a young man, arrogant and tender.

“Hahaha!” Tian Xing laughed, and the flames in his chest were so dazzling that he couldn’t look at them directly. At this moment, it was as though Tian Xing had really become young when he had dreams and became famous. He was also an ambitious youth and was once the best in the world.

When the red-clothed youth was about to make a move, Tian Xing roared and pointed the sword to the sky. “I am Tian Xing, who inherited the title of Heavenly Dao, the 765th generation sect master!”

The red-clothed youth was shocked by those words. But Tian Xing swung the sword before he could come to his senses.

As Tian Xing swung his sword, he roared, “Where is the Heavenly Sword?!”

The Heavenly Yin Mountain suddenly became dazzling as a dazzling sword ray pierced through the red-clothed youth. The red-clothed youth couldn’t even react before he was reduced to a puddle of blood, and his clone was destroyed just like that.

This scared the Star Asura King out of his wits, and he didn’t hesitate to run for his life.

“Where’s the Dao Sword?!” Tian Xing roared, and the Dao Yang Mountain began to tremble with a sword ray descending along with the Flower Burial Sword.

The Star Asura King was severed into two before his corpse exploded into thousands of pieces. As another scream sounded in the air, a golden eye was reduced to ashes in the corpse before the entire corpse ignited. A Golden-Eyed Demonspirit had completely died.

Right then, the first gleam of dawn rose from the horizon and shone onto Tian Xing.

“Time flows like water…” Tian Xing looked at the Flower Burial Sword with nostalgia before dissipating and fusing into the sunlight, which shone on every corner of the Heavenly Dao Sect.