Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2335 - How Fast Is The Sword!

Each feather could inflict heavy injuries on a sixth-stage Saint Lord, but they were all knocked away when they landed on Lin Yun. No one could imagine just how powerful Lin Yun’s divine physique was.

“H-How is this possible?!” Ghost Owl exclaimed in disbelief after regaining consciousness, unable to conceal the shock in her eyes. Even Ray Serpent and Heavenly Wood’s faces changed and became grave. As for Wang Jue, he couldn’t help turning to look over.

Hovering in the air, Thunderhawk felt humiliated and furious. As golden light shone from him, he summoned his constellation and an ancient painting unfolded with a Kunpeng in an ocean. He roared, “How can a divine physique of the dragon clan possibly compete with the Golden Winged Roc?”

“You seem to be unwilling to accept the reality?” Lin Yun smiled, raising his brow.

“Hmph, Ancient Golden Winged Rocs feasts on dragons, and they have to consume hundreds of dragons daily. Today, I’ll eat you!” Thunderhawk said as a terrifying, wild instinct swept out from him that made everyone feel a chill run down their spines.

Lin Yun smiled, “They feast on nagas, not true dragons. Nagas merely possess some of the dragon clan’s bloodline. They aren’t any different from worms. On the other hand, I have grasped the Azure Dragon Divine Physique, which represents one of the four eternal constellations.”

“Ha, just watch how I’ll tear you apart!” Thunderhawk roared as he charged at Lin Yun once more. When he summoned his constellation, his aura increased. He only felt that he was a little careless earlier.

“Kunpeng Spreading Wings!” Within the constellation, the Kunpeng spread its wings, causing great waves to rise from the ocean. This extraordinary sight shook the entire Qilin Mountain. When the waves settled, he threw out a punch, summoning nine waves that reached the sky.

“That’s the Heavenly Kunpeng Fist!” Everyone exclaimed, recognizing the fist technique that Thunderhawk was performing. This fist technique was famous in the three thousand realms and was known as one of the three most powerful fist techniques.

Lin Yun calmly recalled the Dragon Origin Great Saint’s teachings on Blood Purgatory Mountain. He tempered his divine physique under a hundred times gravity. After they had clashed, they exchanged over a hundred moves in the blink of an eye.

In the beginning, Thunderhawk relied on the Heavenly Kunpeng Fist and Kunpeng Constellation to gain some advantage, but the situation was soon turned around after ten moves. When their punches clashed, Lin Yun’s vitality was like boiling magma. On the other hand, Thunderhawk threw out blood and couldn’t hold on any longer.

“Haha! This is a satisfying fight!” Lin Yun laughed as he remained in the same spot before stepping forth. Three punches later, all his attacks landed on Thunderhawk’s chest. Before Thunderhawk could respond, Lin Yun’s hands began to change and a seven-colored divine radiance swept out with the Sovereign Dragon Seal being formed.

In a split second, the Azure Dragon Divine Rune began to ignite with his heart pumping.

“No… no… no…” Thunderhawk was terrified this time, with fear in his eyes.

But everything was too late. Lin Yun unleashed the Sovereign Dragon Seal, creating a massive hole in Thunderhawk’s chest. He roared, “A small bird wants to eat a dragon?”

When blood splashed out, Lin Yun looked sinister.

“Stop!” Heavenly Wood’s face changed as he roared and lunged forth.

But Lin Yun was excited with his Dragon’s Blood beginning to boil. He grabbed onto the wings behind Thunderhawk and ripped them off. When Thunderhawk flew away, Heavenly Wood quickly examined his injuries. This was a shocking scene, frightening everyone in the Azure Cloud Realm, and they only came to their senses a while later.

“Lin Yun is that powerful? Where did he come from?”

“He practically relied on his divine physique to suppress Thunderhawk, but don’t forget that he’s a swordsman!”

“This fellow is a genius, but why haven’t we heard of him before?” At this moment, even Bai Yu and the others had to admit that Lin Yun was a monstrous genius who was far stronger than them.

“Hahaha! Azure Divine Palace, you want to snatch our dao fruits?”

“With Lin Yun here, there is no room for you guys to be arrogant!” Some demonic cultivators from the Azure Cloud Realm were so excited that they began bragging about Lin Yun.

“You’re really bold. You dare help someone I want to kill?” Lin Yun’s eyes surged with murderous intent as he looked at Heavenly Wood. Compared to Ghost Owl, Lin Yun was genuinely furious with Thunderhawk, a mere Golden Winged Roc wanted to eat him. This person probably ate many cultivators who possessed the dragon clan’s bloodline, or he wouldn't have said that earlier.

Everyone from the Azure Cloud Realm was dumbfounded. Heavenly Wood was the eldest brother amongst the four Azure Divine Guards, not to mention that he was Wang Jue’s servant. But Lin Yun dared to speak to Heavenly Wood in such a tone? Wasn’t that the same as slapping the Azure Divine Guards and Wang Jue’s faces? But that thought only made all the demonic cultivators more excited after a brief stun.

“Holy shit, who the hell is he? Doesn’t he know the weight of a divine disciple?” They were dumbfounded, but anyone could see the excitement on their faces.

“You dare save him? Since that’s the case, you can both die together!” Lin Yun’s murderous intent was sparked, unleashing it at Heavenly Wood.

Everyone from the Azure Cloud Realm was shocked by the aura that Lin Yun gave off, including Xin Wuhen, who was trembling in fear. He couldn’t imagine just what kind of person he had just offended.

Chang Jun and Xi Ruo also felt their legs wobbling. But when Xi Ruo looked at Lin Yun, her eyes shone differently.

Facing Lin Yun’s provocation, Heavenly Wood was shocked and couldn’t help turning back to look at Wang Jue.

But Wang Jue was calm while playing with the ring in his hand. He smiled, “Let’s play with him then. Perhaps he might have a Golden Dao Fruit.”

“Since you’ve given the word, I’ll play with him, then,” Heavenly Wood smiled. With a wave of his hand, light flashed and a white saint sword appeared in his hand,

“The name of this sword is Heavenly Evil, a Fivespirit Glory Saint Artifact. You’re also a swordsman, so let me show you what a real swordsman is!” With a wave of his hand, a powerful radiance shone from the Fivespirit Glory Saint Artifact with a powerful sword ray appearing. At the same time, sword intent swept out. It was the Divine Light Sword Intent at greater mastery.

But that wasn’t the end, there was a dao flower blooming behind him with countless sword rays intertwining, reaching an astonishing number of over thirty thousand. He gave off a powerful sword aura that made Lin Jiangxian frown.

Everyone could guess that Heavenly Wood was strong, but they didn’t imagine that he would be so powerful. Not only did he possess a Fivespirit Glory Saint Artifact and grasped the Divine Light Sword Intent at greater mastery, but the saint daos of his Sword Dao reached close to forty thousand.

“Young Master, will Big Brother be fine?” Ghost Owl asked in a concerned tone.

Wang Jue’s hair fluttered, and he smiled, “This person might be strong, but his foundation is far below Heavenly Wood. Heavenly Wood just has to unleash his full strength to suppress this person before killing him.”

When Lin Yun and Heavenly Wood looked at each other, their auras clashed before they fought. They released their saint auras with golden light shining in their eyes. Lin Yun was releasing his Divine Light Sword Intent as well. An invisible sword aura spread out, creating fine cracks in the surrounding space. This was the true terror of the Divine Light Sword Intent.

“Divine Light Sword Intent at greater mastery? Is this where your confidence comes from?” Lin Yun sneered with contempt.

“It’s more than enough to deal with you,” Heavenly Wood laughed and made his move. His Divine Light Sword Intent exploded, causing heaven and earth to tremble with the surrounding mountains trembling.

Lin Yun merely stood and used his fingers as a sword to block this attack. When sparks flew, they were evenly matched.

Heavenly Wood was shocked when he saw this because he failed to force Lin Yun to draw his sword even after using a Fivespirit Glory Saint Artifact. A ruthless light flashed in his eyes, and he unleashed a sword ray that was directed at Lin Yun’s forehead. He was confident that Lin Yun couldn’t withstand this attack.

Lin Yun merely looked at the sword ray and knew he couldn’t block this with his fingers. He ducked to the side, and the sword ray brushed past him, leaving him with a wound.

“Let me see how long you’re going to keep pretending!” Heavenly Wood laughed as his sword ray became even more terrifying, with powerful saint dao spreading out. As he laughed, his golden pill began to ignite, and the sword aura he released became even more terrifying. “Nothing can stand before absolute strength!”

In the blink of an eye, Heavenly Wood unleashed his full strength as the five glory spirits shone.

“The difference is too great. Why hasn’t Lin Yun drawn his sword?” Xiong Tiannan nervously frowned. He wasn’t the only one, everyone had become nervous when they saw this scene.

But in reality, Lin Yun was calm and composed.

“Draw his sword? Haha! He no longer has the opportunity to draw his sword!” Heavenly Wood laughed when he heard what Xiong Tiannan said. He was confident that Lin Yun wouldn’t be able to take his attack. He coldly said, “Why don’t you draw your sword? Are you not a swordsman?”

One must admit that Heavenly Wood’s foundation was terrifying, regardless of his sword intent, saint dao, or cultivation. He might seem arrogant, but there weren’t any flaws in his attack.

“If you dare to draw your sword, I’ll sever your sword!” Heavenly Wood unleashed a sword ray and also summoned his constellation. Under the empowerment of the constellation, the sword ray that he released became terrifying, leaving behind several holes in the sky with his sword intent, leaving everyone dumbfounded. This was the power of a swordsman? This gave everyone the feeling that Heavenly Wood’s attack could pierce through the Heavenly Barren Realm.

Under this sword aura, even Lin Yun couldn’t withstand it and was sent a hundred meters back with blood dripping from his lips before falling onto one knee. After he wiped the blood off his lips, he looked at the blood in his palm, and smiled, “As expected, there’s a huge difference in our saint dao.”

“Do you now know who’s the real swordsman?” Heavenly Wood looked at Lin Yun coldly.

“I haven’t drawn my sword yet, so where did you get your confidence from?” Lin Yun smiled.

“Why don’t you draw it out, then? I already said I’ll sever your hand if you dare to draw your sword,” Heavenly Wood said with disdain as he held onto his sword.

Lin Yun smiled, “I’m afraid I’ll have to disappoint you because I don’t have to make a move to draw my sword.”

Heavenly Wood had doubt flashing through his eyes because he didn’t know what Lin Yun meant. He saw Lin Yun smiling, and a sword ray flashed from his chest. This made Heavenly Wood squint, before he could try to dodge by instinct.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

When the sword ray flew past, a few strands of his hair fell, but he managed to dodge this sword. But before he could heave a sigh in relief, Lin Yun soared to the sky and descended. When Heavenly Wood dodged the sword ray, Lin Yun circulated the secret technique of the Dragon-Phoenix World Annihilating Sword Canon, dividing himself into two, each wielding a sword.

The two sword rays flew out and intertwined as the two Lin Yuns combined.

Heavenly Wood took a few steps back with shock, his jaws dropping. Even Wang Jue had slightly widened his mouth from the shock he felt.

Heavenly Wood asked, “What sword is that?”

“Flower Burial,” Lin Yun replied.

“Doesn’t look so impressive at all,” Heavenly Wood mocked, but he discovered he couldn’t laugh. He couldn’t even move the muscles on his cheeks.

Waving his hand, Lin Yun smiled, “My hands are still around while your head is gone.”

“Big Brother!” Ghost Owl cried out, and even Ray Serpent was shocked.

Heavenly Wood suddenly felt that something wasn’t right. When he turned around, he saw a headless corpse five steps away with blood gushing from the neck. The cut on the neck was clean, and Heavenly Wood realized that the sword was too fast.