Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2362 - It’s Him!

The destruction of a jade medal meant the annihilation of a secret realm. The two deacons were at the pinnacle of Saint Sovereigns, and they still had some journey to go before becoming a Great Saint. Although the commotion couldn’t inflict heavy injuries on them, it wouldn’t feel great if they were caught up in it.

The two deacons exclaimed and couldn’t conceal the shock in their eyes. A spatial fluctuation spread as the robust deacon sighed, “I already told you that we should go and take a look or warn him about it. He’s a prodigy swordsman who even alarmed the divine guards.”

The plump deacon said nothing, but his facial expression was ugly. When everything settled down, they heaved a sigh in relief. The array was still considered complete, and the other secret realms weren’t affected. But a person stood in the middle of the array, looking puzzled.

“What’s going on? Wasn’t I in the secret realm?” Lin Yun frowned. He remembered that when he summoned his Sovereign Constellation, an ominous aura filled the entire secret realm. When the nine paintings combined, it formed Heaven Burial, and the secret realm seemed to have collapsed.

“You don’t know what you did?” The plump deacon said with an eerie expression.

The robust deacon was more amicable, and smiled, “An Emperor had set up this array, but there are too many secret realms. As a result, space isn’t stable enough inside, and you probably accidentally destroyed it.”

Lin Yun came to his senses, and asked, “How do I address the two of you?”

He didn’t know what was going on and decided to be respectful.

“My name is Ye Lingxian, and he’s the Kun Pupil Saint Sovereign.” The robust deacon was rather friendly as he introduced himself with a smile.

“Lin Yun, did you do that on purpose?” The Kun Pupil Saint Sovereign coldly looked at Lin Yun. “You guessed that your fame has started to settle down and decided to make a topic with our array?”

Lin Yun was stumped, and asked, “Kun Pupil Saint Sovereign, I don’t quite understand what you’re saying.”

When Lin Yun spoke, his tone was colder than the robust deacon.

“Am I wrong?” The Kun Pupil Saint Sovereign coldly said, “Do you know the trouble you brought us by destroying the jade medal?”

“Hahaha! Kun Pupil Saint Sovereign, calm down and let me handle this.” Ye Lingxian came out, and smiled, “Flower Burial, why don’t we have a chat upstairs?”

He was polite and showed respect to Lin Yun.

Lin Yun briefly pondered before he nodded and they entered a room on the second floor.

“I’m sorry for destroying the jade medal. I didn’t do it on purpose,” Lin Yun said. “If you need me to pay for it...”

Ye Lingxian waved his hand, and said, “It’s just a small matter since the Profound Sky Venerable is pretty concerned about you. So you don’t have to worry about it.”

“But that deacon...?” Lin Yun asked in puzzlement.

Ye Lingxian smiled, “Many ruthless people came to the Heavenly Barren Saint Mountain during your seclusion, such as chief disciples of immortal holy lands, geniuses of Divine Clans, geniuses on the Brandished Dragon Ranking, and even those possessing unique bloodlines. They’re arrogant, and the Kun Pupil Saint Sovereign felt that you created news since not many people discussed you anymore.”

Lin Yun bitterly smiled upon hearing that, “Why would he think that I’m someone like that?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Well, everyone wants to stand out in the Heavenly Barren Realm, and they would have some capital even if Heaven’s Gate didn’t choose them,” Ye Lingxian smiled. “They’re all geniuses, and they didn’t want to be beneath anyone. Fame is also a form of fortune, and your fortune will increase with more people talking about you.”

“There’s something like that?” Lin Yun asked.

Ye Lingxian smiled, “Fortune is invisible, but we all know it exists. There are many ways to nourish it.”

Lin Yun fell into deep thoughts because he knew about fortune but nothing much about it. He asked, “Are my friends out?”

“Not yet. The third stage will take place ten days from now, and we will let them know when the time comes. So they won’t be late.”

“That’s great.”

Lin Yun had a good chat with Ye Lingxian, and they even talked about the seventh and eighth stages of Saint Lord. Aside from that, Ye Lingxian even told Lin Yun that there were people who surpassed them on the first stage but were stuck on the second. None of them managed to break the record of Heaven’s Gate.

This naturally made everyone curious about how Lin Yun managed to find all the phenomena, and some felt that Lin Yun cheated.

“I don’t care what they think,” Lin Yun smiled.

“Alright. But you’re not allowed to enter the secret realm again, so you can cultivate here,” Ye Lingxian said. He didn’t ask much, so this matter was put to an end here.

Lin Yun was still shocked by the boost in his Sovereign Constellation after he made a breakthrough, but it was a pity that he had no place to test it out. Then again, he had a massive harvest in his seclusion. Not only did he make a breakthrough, but he also reached the tenth stage with the Dragon-Phoenix World Annihilating Sword Canon, grasping two sword spirits and two different sacred flames.

Most importantly, the Flaming Yin-Yang Painting was an initial success, but it was a pity that his sword intent couldn’t reach the genuine Bright Sun Sword Intent. He muttered, “I still need an opportunity.”

Ten days later, when everyone had gathered together, Ao Jue and Xiong Tiannan noticed with a glance that Lin Yun had successfully made a breakthrough. They congratulated, “Congratulations on your breakthrough.”

When Lin Yun looked at Ji Zixi, he was surprised to discover that she had also become a seventh-stage Saint Lord. He asked, “You also made a breakthrough?”

“Hehe, I was lucky,” Ji Zixi chuckled.

“I heard that someone destroyed a secret realm. So, what did you do?” Ao Jue looked at Lin Yun with a playful gaze.

“Probably because of my breakthrough. After all, the secret realm wasn’t stable, to begin with,” Lin Jiangxian said. She could tell that Lin Yun had secrets, and she helped him to come up with an explanation.

When dawn arrived, countless people climbed Heavenly Barren Saint Mountain. This was the last stage, and there were many geniuses here. Some were invited to the third stage directly. They were strong, so they were exempted from the first two tests. This meant that they would be able to participate in the Heavenly Barren Banquet if they made it through and met the legendary Heavenly Barren Ancestral Deity.

There was no question that the third stage would be a grand event with countless geniuses participating in it. Lin Yun’s group spent an hour before they reached the foot of the Heavenly Barren Saint Mountain.

“So many people!” They were shocked by the number of people gathered here. They could only climb the mountain again, making the path crowded.

“This is unbelievable. There are more people now than in the past,” Xiong Tiannan exclaimed.

“We have undergone seclusion for so long, but everyone who could come has gathered here. So there are naturally more people than before. But some are destined to be eliminated,” Ao Jue said. The test was ending soon, so everyone naturally wanted to know who could participate in the Heavenly Barren Banquet.

The Heaven’s Gate didn’t stop them, only maintained order.

Lin Yun’s group swiftly came to where the second stage was held, and they were shocked. Lin Yun couldn’t see the Blue Dragon Divine Cauldron anywhere, so he asked, “Where’s the Blue Dragon Divine Cauldron?”

He was disappointed and wondered if the Blue Dragon Divine Cauldron was removed. Did that mean that he learned the Blue Dragon Divine Seal for nothing?

“At the peak. The second stage has ended, so why would it still be here?” Someone beside Lin Yun laughed, which dismissed Lin Yun’s concern. The third stage was at the peak of the Heavenly Barren Saint Mountain, and there was a vast stage here with many palaces on it. There were even some palaces in the clouds that seemed to be for guests.

At the center was a massive stage with many ancient white pillars. The ground was also covered in blue slabs that emitted a faint radiance. There was an ancient spiritual array beneath the stage.

When Lin Yun’s group arrived, they saw that there were already thousands of people who had gathered here after passing through the first two stages. As for those who failed, they could only stay outside or in the pavilions on the clouds. Out of over a hundred thousand people, only a few thousand remained. But out of the few thousand, only ten could participate in the Heavenly Barren Banquet.

“The Shadow Divine Palace is here!” Ao Jue suddenly spoke out beside Lin Yun.

The Shadow Divine Palace came, and Lin Yun even saw an old friend, Shangguan Jue. But Shangguan Jue wasn’t the protagonist this time, there was an extraordinary youth beside him. This youth was the chief disciple of the Shadow Divine Palace, Heavenly Book.

He came after Lin Yun’s group left, releasing eighteen golden beams on the first stage, obtaining nine Flame Origin Fruits. In the second stage, he surpassed Shangguan Jue’s record and comprehended nine hundred phenomena, attracting the attention of even the divine guards.

When Lin Yun looked at him, he was also looking at Lin Yun.

“It’s him!” Shangguan Jue whispered in Heavenly Book’s ear.