Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2400 - Draw

Even after three battles, Lin Yun had no intention of stopping and picked Dugu Jue. But Lin Yun had no intention of fighting all eight champions of the testing grounds since it was too troublesome. He picked Dugu Jue because this person was the strongest. If he defeated Dugu Jue, in addition to those he defeated before, no one would compete with him for the champion position of the Heavenly Barren Banquet.

Aside from that, he also wanted to clear out opponents for Lin Jiangxian and Yue Weiwei so that what happened to Ji Zixi wouldn’t happen again.

Seeing Lin Yun looking at him, Dugu Jue’s face became ugly since Lin Yun underestimated him. Lin Yun must have had massive exhaustion after three battles, so wasn’t that the same as looking down on him to challenge him in this situation?

“Dugu Jue, do you dare to fight me?”

Dugu Jue appeared on the stage, calmly looking at Lin Yun because he knew that he was only on the same level as the Heavenly Qilin Divine Son. Since Lin Yun could defeat Bai Ye, the Heavenly Qilin Divine Son, and Ji Zhangkong, it was obvious that he was strong.

When he landed on the ground, Dugu Jue waved his hand and unleashed his constellation. His constellation was also a tree that wasn’t weaker than the azure tree. His constellation was a Sovereign Constellation, the Divine Phoenix Tree.

The Divine Phoenix Tree soared to the sky with a powerful aura sweeping out. A phoenix cry echoed as a realistic phoenix appeared and landed on the Divine Phoenix Tree.

At the same time, Dugu Jue released his dao flower representing a Greater Dao that merged with the Divine Phoenix Tree. Lin Yun had to admit that Dugu Jue was really low profile because he didn’t say a word when he came on the stage, but he didn’t hold back either because just the Sovereign Constellation alone was enough to make Lin Yun feel pressure.

When the phoenix landed on the Divine Phoenix Tree, the aura reached a limit, with a blazing aura sweeping out with a terrifying amount of life force.

“Begin.” Profound Sky Venerable said.

Dugu Jue stood inside the Divine Phoenix Tree as the branches reached out, lashing at Lin Yun. By forming a seal with his hands, countless tree branches swept over Lin Yun. Because of that phoenix, the branches were enveloped in terrifying flames and were troublesome to deal with.

As Lin Yun retreated, another constellation appeared and a Demonic Phoenix flew out. The Demonic Phoenix and Kunpeng were primordial ominous beasts, and they could resist the Phoenix’s aura as a divine beast together.

“Dual constellations?”

“Lin Yun really has a lot of trump cards. Two constellations, and they’re weaker than a Sovereign Constellation if they’re alone.” Everyone was shocked that Lin Yun brought out another constellation. Then again, they didn’t know that the Demonic Phoenix and Kunpeng were only a tiny portion of the Heaven Burial Constellation.

The Flaming Yin-Yang Painting reappeared as Lin Yun used his sword to fend off the incoming branches. When the sword rays and tree branches collided, a metallic clash occurred and the Flower Burial Sword failed to sever those tree branches.

Lin Yun knew he couldn't rely on Sword Dao to defeat a Quasi-Saint Sovereign expert. His Sword Dao was powerful, but it was still lacking. If he didn’t possess the Divine Dragon Sovereign Physique, he wouldn’t be qualified to fight with these geniuses.

Dugu Jue began pouring more of his saint energy into his constellation, and the branches increased, slowly restricting the space that Lin Yun could move.

But Lin Yun didn’t care about that and swung his sword. His sword ray was like a silver waterfall that knocked the tree branches away before charging at Dugu Jue.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Dugu Jue’s face was indifferent as he reached out to block the attack. Light bloomed in his palm, and he stopped the incoming sword ray. Although he looked calm, he was shocked in his heart. “What a powerful sword intent!”

As a Quasi-Saint Sovereign and his Sovereign Constellation, his saint energy was practically endless. But taking Lin Yun’s sword made him feel an impact.

As time passed, the fight on the Heavenly Barren Divine Stage became boring because Dugu Jue would hide within the Divine Phoenix Tree, maintaining a distance from Lin Yun and only using the tree branches to attack. On the other hand, Lin Yun went on the defensive, avoiding the branches and flames. Occasionally, he would swing his sword as a form of attack.

Dugu Jue squinted with fury because he was shocked to discover that the sword intent was slowly becoming stronger and kept breaking through the limit. He finally realized Lin Yun was using his Sovereign Constellation to temper his sword intent, naturally making his face ugly.

He was right, Lin Yun was using him to temper his sword intent, and he was only one step from grasping the Bright Sun Sword Intent. With such a good opportunity where he could use a Sovereign Constellation’s pressure to temper his sword intent, this was the best opportunity for him. In reality, he didn’t want to do this either, but Dugu Jue kept avoiding a frontal confrontation with him.

Dugu Jue wasn’t weak, but he was really cautious and brought out his trump card right from the start, merging himself with the Divine Phoenix Tree. This way, not only would he have an endless flow of saint energy, but he also had a tortoise-like defense that was hard to break.

Not only that, but Dugu Jue wasn’t willing to get close to him, relying on the Divine Phoenix Tree. In a nutshell, Dugu Jue wasn’t hoping for a victory but a draw after seeing how the Heavenly Qilin Divine Son was defeated.

Lin Yun also didn’t let it go his way and was using this opportunity to make a breakthrough in his sword intent and temper his sword technique. The dao flower behind him became dim. He was doing this to increase the pressure.

Dugu Jue’s face became dark. He might be overly cautious, but Lin Yun was too much to use him as a sparring partner. Following a phoenix’s cry, Dugu Jue soared to the sky and appeared before Lin Yun. When he landed on the ground, the surrounding spiritual energy became violent, with the Divine Phoenix Tree shining brightly while he fused with the phoenix. When he pushed his palm forth, a phoenix appeared, and a massive pair of wings appeared on his back.

“Great!” Lin Yun faced Dugu Jue head-on with his eyes shining brightly.

This made Dugu Jue’s face change, and he regretted his decision. But he didn’t have a choice and could only unleash his martial techniques since he didn’t want to be reduced to a sparring partner. His hands would turn into claws occasionally, and each attack would unleash terrifying flames that dyed half the sky red. Charging forth, he stomped on the ground and left behind several cracks.

Lin Yun was calm as he performed the Divine Firefly Sword, releasing his sword intent. As he swung his sword, the sword aura accumulated on him would increase as if something wanted to break out from his sword sea. That was the complete Bright Sun Sword Intent.

The sword intent was so terrifying that even he couldn’t control it entirely, leaving him shocked. If he wasn’t careful, he would burn himself to death.

Fortunately, Dugu Jue’s attacks were ferocious enough to suppress his sword intent that was gushing out. His sword intent was like hot metal while Dugu Jue was a hammer, tempering his sword intent.

The phoenix flame also became comfortable as it was being devoured by the vortex in his sword sea.

When Dugu Jue came to his senses, the corner of his lips twitched, “Damn you!”

He already realized his situation as Lin Yun continued to use him as a sparring partner. After he cursed, he turned around and wanted to leave.

“Haha! You’re not allowed to leave!” Lin Yun laughed. How could he allow Dugu Jue to leave? Dugu Jue was the perfect sparring partner with his Sovereign Constellation and Phoenix Sacred Flame. If his sword intent couldn’t make a breakthrough today, he wouldn’t let Dugu Jue go.

After the Yin-Yang Painting revolved beneath his feet, it stuck onto Dugu Jue. This made Dugu Jue furious, and he was forced to retaliate. There was nothing he could do since Lin Yun’s sword aura was too powerful, and he would be heavily injured if he wasn’t careful.

But everyone else in the Heavenly Saint Courtyard was enjoying the fight since that was an Eternal Dao and a Sovereign Constellation. Ultimately, it became a world where only Dugu Jue felt bitter.

The two exchanged a thousand moves before Lin Yun’s sword intent made a breakthrough, and he unleashed a torrential sword aura that even he entirely couldn’t control. 

All of the tree branches were severed under Lin Yun’s sword rays before landing on Dugu Jue’s chest, sending the phoenix flying out from his body. Dugu Jue also threw out a mouthful of blood as he fell onto one knee, with his face becoming pale.

“Thanks for the fight. As expected of the first testing ground’s champion. So let’s consider this a draw between us, and I can’t fight any longer,” Lin Yun smiled, cupping his fists together. When he was done, he returned to his table with laughter before Dugu Jue could reply. Lin Yun was excited as he closed his eyes.

Everyone felt Lin Yun wanted to rest after a series of battles, but no one knew that he made a breakthrough in his sword intent. He was only adjusting himself to try and grasp it completely.

On the stage, Dugu Jue’s face was ugly because it didn’t look like a draw. He might not know Lin Yun’s sword intent well, but his instincts told him it wasn’t simple.

Profound Sky Venerable was stunned upon hearing what Lin Yun said, and asked, “Dugu Jue, are you willing to end this fight in a draw?”

Dugu Jue squeezed out a smile, trying to maintain his composure. “Sure, since Flower Burial has already given the word. Let’s consider this a draw, then.”

He cupped his fists at the surroundings and left. As for those from the Heavenly Saint Courtyard, they had their own views of this outcome.

“It might seem like a draw, but it was Lin Yun who won. After all, he fought three battles before his fight with Dugu Jue.”

“That’s right. Lin Yun held the advantage even when they ended the fight.”

“Flower Burial is pretty good. At least he gave Dugu Jue a face.”