Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2408 - Dragonwing War Drum!

Voices resounded from the Heavenly Saint Courtyard, which combined and formed into a giant wave. Not only did this shock Lin Yun, but even Luo Tianxi and the other Venerables were shocked.

Unrivaled and suppressed an entire generation? That was an exaggeration, but Lin Yun had proven himself with his sword. However, this was because everyone had their emotions pent up due to Jiang Yi's actions. Only the swordsmen spoke from the bottom of their hearts since they genuinely meant it.

Everyone in the Heavenly Saint Courtyard became excited, especially geniuses from Heaven’s Gate. That didn’t include the Heavenly Qilin Divine Son, whose face was terrifyingly dark as he looked at this scene with disbelief and dumbfoundedness because Lin Yun relied on his sword to defeat Jiang Yi’s Truth Dao.

“Heavenly Qilin Divine Son, are you all right? Your complexion doesn’t look good,” Dugu Jue mocked. He looked down on the Heavenly Qilin Divine Son, so he wouldn’t give up this opportunity to mock him.

The Heavenly Qilin Divine Son inwardly cursed, but he maintained his composure on the surface. He coldly said, “He wants to suppress an entire generation because he defeated Jiang Yi? He’s just a clown in my eyes.”

“I don’t think so,” Dugu Jue smiled.

“We’ll see, then,” the Heavenly Qilin Divine Son said indifferently.

Under the cheers, Jiang Yi’s complexion became pale with shock with one knee on the ground. He clutched his chest and coughed out blood, no longer capable of fighting. His face was ugly when he looked around, and he instantly knew what was going on, “I became his stepping stone?”

Lin Yun was curious about who had started it first, but he couldn’t find that person anywhere. When he turned to Ao Jue and Xiong Tiannan, he finally saw a familiar white-clothed youth beside them. This was the youth from the Feng Clan that he had interacted with before.

At this moment, this youth stood beside Ao Jue and Xiong Tiannan, smiling at Lin Yun as he drank wine without Xiong Tiannan and Ao Jue realizing his presence.

Feng Qingyu? That should be his name, right? Lin Yun inwardly muttered because he was probably the one who started it first. But Lin Yun had a good impression of this person, so he nodded.

“Watch out!” Yue Weiwei called out.

It was Bai Yuchen who charged over when Lin Yun was distracted. He chose the right time, wanting to inflict heavy injuries on Lin Yun. But the moment he moved, a powerful gale swept over him that made him shut his eyes and block his path. That wasn’t a wall of wind but a sword.

Bai Yuchen squinted to see a sword ray that looked like a powerful gale under the empowerment of the Bright Sun Sword Intent charging at him. This made Bai Yuchen feel a chill down his spine, with danger spreading out in his heart, and he quickly retreated.

He was fast, but Lin Yun’s sword gale left a faint wound on his cheek. This instantly made Bai Yuchen’s face dark because he was injured when he wanted to launch a sneak attack. The injury wasn’t serious, but it was humiliating.

Bai Yuchen raised his head, and he saw Lin Yun looking at him with a playful smile, “You want to launch a sneak attack? Well, it’s fortunate that I wasn’t careless.”

As Lin Yun spoke, nine thousand ribbons flew into the sky, forming a massive aura.

Bai Yuchen calmed himself down, and said, “I’m only probing you. If I wanted to launch a sneak attack, I would’ve done it with the dao son.”

When he finished speaking, a powerful gale swept over the stage from Feng Yuan and Bai Yuchen as they became furious. That was especially the case with Feng Yuan because what everyone said earlier was stinging to his ears.

Lin Yun smiled, “Come at me together, then. I’m already standing on the wave, and I’m fearless! With my sword, who says that I can’t suppress an entire generation?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

His words caused an uproar, leaving everyone dumbfounded because everyone was too emotional when they chanted that phrase, but they didn’t expect Lin Yun to take those words seriously. They couldn’t imagine that the low-profile Flower Burial would have such an arrogant side to him. Even Jiang Yi was nothing compared to him.

Feng Yuan and Bai Yuchen were stumped as they became shocked by Lin Yun’s words.

“Hahaha! Well said!” Luo Tianxi laughed, becoming fond of Lin Yun’s temper. These three came to crash the banquet, taking advantage of the fact that the Heaven’s Gate didn’t have a divine son. So Luo Tianxi was furious with them for a long time. He stood up, and smiled, “Back then, the Blue Dragon Ancestral Deity founded the Divine Dragon Era, fighting the fiendgods and establishing the Heavenly Path. Even today, no ancestral deity dares to violate the rules that he set up. Your performance today isn’t inferior to the Blue Dragon King! All thirty-six Venerables listen up! Sound the Dragonwing War Drum for Flower Burial! Who said that he can’t suppress an entire generation of geniuses?!”

An uproar broke out after hearing what Luo Tianxi said. Everyone was frightened and shocked with disbelief.

“The Dragonwing War Drum?” Dugu Jue was shocked.

The Heavenly Qilin Divine Son’s face became pale after hearing that Luo Tianxi would sound the Dragonwing War Drum for Lin Yun.

“Roger that!” The thirty-six Venerables entered the clouds and descended while carrying an ancient-looking drum together. When the Dragonwing War Drum landed, Luo Tianxi took the sticks himself and beat on the drum before anyone could respond.

A deep and majestic drum sound echoed as Luo Tianxi’s words made everyone’s blood boil as though they were witnessing the rise of the Kunlun Realm again. The sound of the drum soon infected everyone present before the spectators and those from Heaven’s Gate began to roar, ““Fight! Fight! Fight!””

Everyone’s mood was high as they roared with the drumming.

Even Feng Yuan, who was used to big scenes, couldn’t help frowning with a grave expression. Bai Yuchen’s lips moved, his face becoming pale, and he wanted to retreat from this mess. But seeing the atmosphere and fighting spirits, he knew he had no opportunity to leave.

Jiang Yi was so frightened that he swallowed a pellet and retreated.

“Dao Son, should we retreat for now?” Bai Yuchen whispered.

“You want to go when the Emperor is beating the drum himself? Attack,” Feng Yuan said.

Bai Yuchen took a deep breath and made his move. Eighteen Sovereign Daos appeared behind him, showing that his cultivation was even higher than Jiang Yi's. He had grasped eighteen Sovereign Daos and reached a high level in them. When he performed the Heavenly Divine Sword, he thrusted his sword at Lin Yun.

When a sword ray exploded, a nine-layered jade pavilion appeared behind him. This sword unleashed the eighteen Sovereign Daos. His strength shocked everyone, but they soon calmed down. How could Bai Yuchen be weak when he was the Heavenly Sword Pavilion’s young master?

Lin Yun wielded the Flower Burial Sword and avoided the incoming attack before flicking his finger, shattering various phenomena.

Bai Yuchen frowned as he stepped forth and pricked with his sword. The nine-layered jade pavilion behind him also began to expand, slicing space apart like a waterfall in the path of his sword.

But that wasn’t all. Bai Yuchen shook his wrist, and the fragmented space formed into a vortex, causing space to distort with an ordinary prick of his sword.

Lin Yun had no change on his face as he thrusted his sword, piecing the fragmented space together. When space was pieced together, Lin Yun dashed forth and swung his sword, taking the initiative of this fight. He relied on his mastery of the sword to easily suppress Bai Yuchen.

This made Bai Yuchen feel aggrieved, and he wanted to bring out his Eternal Dao. But he couldn’t afford to do that when Lin Yun didn’t use his Eternal Dao.

Ten moves later, Lin Yun thrusted his sword, catching Bai Yuchen by surprise as nine thousand ribbons also descended, sending Bai Yuchen flying back. Bai Yuchen took ten-odd steps back before he managed to stabilize himself. He might not have been injured by that sword, but it had embarrassed him greatly.

While he was furious and wanted to continue his attacks, Feng Jue dashed forth, and his voice resounded, “Allow me!”