Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2415 - Qilin Sword Immortal

Lin Jiangxian’s master was known as Azure Sky God Lord, who resides in the Azure Sky Realm. Most deities would name their realm according to their title after becoming a deity, and that was to become more compatible with the heavenly dao in their realms. A realm could only stand firmly among the three thousand realms if it gave birth to a deity.

Three thousand was only an imaginary number. In reality, there were countless realms in the universe, and it was impressive for a realm to give birth to an Emperor.

Then again, there were also terrifying realms with Ancestral Deities with forces spanning across hundreds of realms, and they were known as Ancestral Realm. The Heavenly Star Realm was one of them, with the Heavenly Barren Ancestral Deity, and Heaven’s Gate being only a part of it. Compared to that, the Azure Sky Realm was much smaller in comparison. The Azure Sky Realm was located in the Celestial Flow Star Cluster.

Lin Yun and Lin Jiangtian left the Heavenly Star Realm and visited Taotie City in the Celestial Flow Star Cluster. It might be called a city, but it was a star. The Divine Alliance managed Taotie City, and each star cluster had a Taotie City. They were absolutely neutral.

Only Taotie City had a teleportation array heading to the various realms. If one intruded a realm through other methods, they would be attacked by its defenses.

“It’s so troublesome to enter the Azure Sky Realm...?” Lin Yun asked, drinking wine as he listened to Lin Jiangxian’s explanation.

Lin Jiangxian calmly said, “That’s normal. There are billions of lives in a realm, and it would be occupied by demonic cult’s experts and be sacrificed if you’re careless, not to mention the invasion of the Demonspirit Clan. So, no one dares to be careless. Only an Ancestral Realm like the Heavenly Star Realm is easier to enter.”

Lin Yun nodded, and said, “That’s the situation with the Kunlun Realm. But the restriction is harsher since no one can leave or enter. If the Kunlun Realm was released, it would be split apart by the various forces without an Ancestral Stage expert around.”

Lin Jiangxian replied, “The Kunlun Realm’s situation isn’t the same. The Kunlun Realm had a terrifying foundation as an Ancestral Realm in the past. If the Heavenly Path was reforged, the ancient ruins and forbidden grounds would appear in the Kunlun Realm, and countless deities would emerge. This is also why so many people are after the Kunlun Realm. Several battles between deities have taken place because of it, and the Kunlun Realm is even famous throughout the universe.”

As they spoke, an uproar broke out from the inn.

“It’s finally time. The teleportation array is open.”

“Let’s go!” Everyone lowered their cups and headed out.

“Let’s go as well,” Lin Jiangxian said.

Lin Yun nodded. Taotie City’s teleportation array would be open once every sixteen hours, and most cultivators would rest in the nearby inn while waiting. Lin Yun and Lin Jiangxian were also waiting for the teleportation array to open, so they swiftly left after paying.

Taotie City’s teleportation array was located at the Star Observation Stage in the city, which was near the inn. There were thousands of cultivators on the Star Observation Stage, and they were waiting for the teleportation array to be opened.

Lin Jiangxian was already done with the process, so she and Lin Yun held onto a token from the Azure Sky Realm, waiting for the teleportation array to activate.

Lin Yun once asked Lin Jiangxian if she could make her master come fetch her. According to Lin Jiangxian, deities couldn’t leave their realms so easily since they had to guard them. Even deities who didn’t have to protect a realm would rarely appear in public. Even the sect master of Heaven’s Gate, Luo Tianxi, was only an Emperor and not a deity.

According to the rules of the Divine Alliance, deities weren’t allowed to make a move against ordinary cultivators so easily. Very quickly, the teleportation array on the Star Observation Stage was activated. Everyone’s tokens began to tremble as their connection with the teleportation array increased and the entire stage began to shake. Spiritual energy also began to pour over from the surroundings, with everyone encased in light. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When the light devoured everyone, they disappeared upon entering the spatial passages. Lin Yun and Lin Jiangxian were in the same spatial passage, and the surroundings were dark. This was a spatial abyss, and anyone would die here if they weren’t deities.

“We can finally feel relieved now,” Lin Jiangxian sighed. She was worried along the way, fearing that they might run into trouble along the way, even with Profound Sky Venerable’s protection.

“We’re safe now?” Lin Yun asked.

Lin JIangxian said, “Even a deity can’t move to capture someone who's in a spatial passage. You will be able to see my master soon.”

Lin Yun smiled since he was anxious about returning to the Kunlun Realm. It would be great if they could meet Lin Jiangxian’s master smoothly.

“You will also be able to meet that friend of my master soon,” Lin Jiangxian said.

“We are going to see him in the Azure Sky Realm? He doesn’t have to guard a realm?” Lin Yun asked.

“That person is a hermit, and he’s mysterious. According to my master, the realm he belonged to was destroyed, and there were no deities around,” Lin Jiangxian explained.

When Lin Yun wanted to ask more questions, the spatial passage began to tremble, and they had suddenly stopped. At the far end of the passage, a smear of light could be seen, and it was the light that blocked the spatial passage.

“What’s going on?” Lin Jiangxian and Lin Yun’s faces changed with shock. They were swordsmen, and they could sense that it was a sword ray.

“A deity made a move?” Lin Yun frowned.

“That’s impossible. Deities can’t make a move, or the Divine Alliance will kill them.” Lin Jiangxian frowned. But if it wasn’t a deity, who could possess such strength? After all, this sword ray blocked not only Lin Yun and Lin Jiangxian but the other cultivators who were on the teleportation array as well.

While Lin Yun and Lin Jiangxian were shocked, the entire space began to rotate in reverse and Lin Yun and Lin Jiangxian were brought back to the Star Observation Stage before they could even respond. This caused an uproar on the Star Observation Stage because all the other cultivators were also brought back, making everyone panic.

“What’s going on? We were sent back when the teleportation array was activated?”

“Even a spatial fluctuation won’t be so terrifying, right?”

“Did the Demonspirit Clan come?” Everyone on the Star Observation Stage went into an uproar since no one knew what had happened. The Divine Alliance’s elder stationed in Taotie City also became nervous while going on alert.

Suddenly, a figure appeared along with a sword ray. This person was donned in blue clothes, looking to be in his forties, and had eyes shining like a bright star. His voice echoed throughout Taotie City, “Please don’t panic. I’m the Qilin Sword Immortal, and I was anxious to meet someone. I have no intention to be disrespectful to Taotie City or the Divine Alliance.”

Everyone heaved a sigh in relief after hearing what he said. But Lin Jiangxian’s face changed, and she trembled, “It’s him?!”

Lin Yun’s face changed, and his heart sank. He naturally knew about the Qilin Sword Immortal, since the Heavenly Qilin Divine Son talked about introducing him to become a sword servant of the Qilin Sword Immortal.

After that, Lin Yun learned that the Qilin Sword Immortal might not be a deity, but he had walked so far in Sword Dao that he wasn’t weaker than a deity. This was why he was given the title “Sword Immortal” as he pursued the limit of Sword Dao and even shattered his comprehension of Eternal Daos, a bizarre person in the three thousand realms. He became famous when he slew a Demonspirit Clan’s deity.

“Qilin Sword Immortal, may I know who you want to meet?” The Divine Alliance’s elder asked. The Divine Alliance didn’t dare to be disrespectful even if the Qilin Sword Immortal disrupted the spatial passage, and the other cultivators didn’t dare to show any unhappiness either.

“Flower Burial, Lin Yun!” The Qilin Sword Immortal said. But after hearing what he said, the stage fell into a brief silence before a commotion broke out. After all, Flower Burial’s name had spread throughout the three thousand realms with the end of the Heavenly Barren Banquet and many deities had heard of his name. So, he is among us? Everyone began to look around, before their gazes soon fell on Lin Yun and Lin Jiangxian.

“You’re talking about the champion of the Heavenly Barren Banquet, Flower Burial Lin Yun?” The Divine Alliance’s elder asked.

“Who else can it be? I have already found him.” The Qilin Sword Immortal’s gaze fell onto Lin Yun.

The surroundings of Lin Yun became empty, and there wasn’t a single person there aside from Lin Jiangxian.

“He’s Flower Burial?”

“I heard that he refused the ancestral deity, becoming the first to do so.”

“He’s really a weirdo. If he became the ancestral deity’s disciple, he would definitely become the divine son.”

“Why is the Qilin Sword Immortal here for him? Is it because of the Heavenly Qilin Divine Son?” Everyone whispered amongst each other. They didn’t expect the champion of the Heavenly Barren Banquet to be so low-profile.

When the Divine Alliance’s elder was in a tough position, a voice resounded, “Qilin Sword Immortal, Lin Yun might have refused the ancestral deity, but Heaven’s Gate owes him one. If you dare to touch him, you’re becoming the enemy of Heaven’s Gate and the ancestral deity!”

Profound Sky Venerable stood out. He was also depressed because his mission of sending Lin Yun off was about to be completed, but the Qilin Sword Immortal came out of nowhere, disrupting the spatial passage. His sword was terrifying, and even Profound Sky Venerable couldn’t withstand it. But he had no choice but to stand out now.

Even when Profound Sky Venerable mentioned the Heavenly Barren Ancestral Deity, the Qilin Sword Immortal didn’t panic. He smiled, “Why would I pay attention to the affairs between the younger generation? Since your Heaven’s Gate isn’t going to take him in, are you guys trying to stop me from taking him in as my disciple?”

Everyone was briefly stunned before they came to their senses. So it turned out that the Qilin Sword Immortal wasn’t here for trouble but wanted to take Lin Yun as his disciple. The moment he said that Profound Sky Venerable couldn’t say anything else.

The Qilin Sword Immortal looked at Lin Yun, and smiled, “Brat, I’m not surprised that you would refuse the ancestral deity. He’s not a swordsman, and you can’t take him as your master. Come with me!”

“I have other matters at hand, and I don’t need another master,” Lin Yun said with a difficult expression.

“It’s fine if you don’t want to take me as your master, but you can cultivate under me. Furthermore... what’s more important than learning the sword?” The Qilin Sword Immortal’s eyes shone brightly, clearly wanting to take Lin Yun away by force.

“Stop!” Profound Sky Venerable stood out, wanting to stop the Qilin Sword Immortal. But the Qilin Sword Immortal merely used a finger to unleash a powerful sword ray, sending Profound Sky Venerably flying away.

Right then, a white-clothed youth grabbed Lin Yun and Lin Jiangxian’s shoulders, effortlessly bringing them away from the Star Observation Stage.

“Old man, you want to teach him with your pathetic skills?” The white-clothed youth looked at the Qilin Sword Immortal with a playful gaze and provocation in his eyes.

“Feng Qingyu?” Lin Yun was shocked when he saw the white-clothed youth. He exclaimed, “Weren’t you at Heaven’s Gate, stealing the Demigod Wine? Why are you here?”

“I’m naturally concerned about you, you brat!” The white-clothed youth smiled.