Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2417 - Him?!

“I have to guess it myself?” Lin Yun was confused as he looked at Feng Qingyu. If he were to guess it himself, Tian Xuanzi was someone on the Empress’ side. According to what his senior brother said, the Kunlun Realm had nine ancient domains, and the Divine Dragon Empire occupied eight, with the Ancient Barren Domain being the only one left.

In the Dark Era, the Nine Emperors rose and calmed the chaos. The Ancient Barren Domain was calmed by the Sword Emperor. With that, eight of the ancient domains had bowed to the Divine Dragon Empire, except for the Ancient Barren Domain.

The Empress must have sent Tian Xuanzi, and he had a deep relationship with Ye Guhan in the early years. After all, one needed to have high trust with each other to exchange cultivation techniques. But they ultimately became enemies since Tian Xuanzi was the Empress’ chess piece.

Feng Qingyu saw Lin Yun’s doubt, and smiled, “I’m not beating around the bush with you, but it’s not convenient for me to talk about it. Others might not know, but we can easily tell with a glance.”

Another riddle... Lin Yun asked, “Senior, can I know your relationship with the Empress?”

He asked that since he wanted to know the Sword Emperor’s stance. He was weird because the other Emperors had a decent relationship with the Empress, aside from the Sword Emperor.

Feng Qingyu was briefly stunned, before he said, “I know what you want to ask. We naturally have a good relationship since the Nine Emperors have obtained such a huge territory back then. We’re friends, but our paths are different. For example, if doing something right meant harming countless others, would you do it?”

Lin Yun squinted and had a rough speculation. But he knew that Feng Qingyu was waiting for his reply. He said without any hesitation, “I won’t.”

Feng Qingyu nodded, “I’m not willing to, either. So, I was forced to stand on the other side. But we’re not entirely enemies, so it’s complicated between us.”

“I got it. The Sword Sect is standing in the way of the right thing, such as becoming a deity, reforging the Heavenly Path, or saving everyone,” Lin Yun said.

Feng Qingyu smiled and said nothing. But this gave Lin Yun tremendous pressure because the Empress would be unhappy with his master’s tribulation.

“You don’t need to have any pressure since I’m around,” Feng Qingyu said. “Just like in the Ancient Barren Battlefield, I will make a move.”

Lin Yun felt a warmth in his heart and didn’t know how to thank him.

“I only do what I think is right,” Feng Qingyu smiled. He placed his hand on Lin Yun’s shoulder, and continued, “Since I didn’t cower, you can’t cower, either!”

Seeing this, Lin Yun knew that Feng Qingyu had placed the hope of reforging Heavenly Path onto him.

Lin Jiangxian and Profound Sky Venerable fell into deep thoughts while looking at the two chatting. Lin Jiangxian was initially beside Lin Yun, but she retreated to the side, seeing that they were talking about the Kunlun Realm.

“Venerable, who do you think that white-clothed swordsman is?” Lin Jiangxian asked curiously.

Profound Sky Venerable wore a grave expression, and said, “He's from the Kunlun Realm. As expected of the Kunlun Realm, we can’t look down on it. The Heavenly Path might be severed, but their foundation isn’t weaker than the outside world.”

Since they couldn’t become a deity, they would continue to compete beneath the Deity Realm. This only meant that the accumulation gathered within the Kunlun Realm would become increasingly terrifying.

“Senior, do you want to come with me to the Azure Sky Realm?” Lin Yun invited.

Feng Qingyu shook his head, “I won’t be going. I can’t help you return to the Kunlun Realm, and I have to prepare myself since I made a bet with the Qilin Sword Immortal. This is because I’m still slightly weaker than him.”

“Sorry for that,” Lin Yun said embarrassedly.

“It doesn’t matter. I would have clashed with him sooner or later,” Feng Qingyu smiled. “You can leave now. This time, I’ll ensure you make it to the Azure Sky Realm.”

“Take care,” Lin Yun cupped his fists together. Once the teleportation array was activated, Lin Yun and Lin Jiangxian safely descended in the Azure Sky Realm. They carried the tokens of the Azure Sky Realm, and were naturally allowed in.

When they left the teleportation array, Lin Yun sensed an intent on him and Lin Jiangxian. Before he could think much about it, a handsome blue-clothed man appeared before them.

“Master!” Lin Jiangxian cupped her hands together.

“Greetings, Azure Sky God Lord,” Lin Yun also bowed. He discovered that this God Lord shared an uncanny resemblance with Lin Jiangxian.

The Azure Sky God Lord nodded, turning to Lin Jiangxian with a smile, “If you didn’t need my help, were you not going to return to the Azure Sky Realm?”

Lin Yun had no change on his face, but he realized that their relationship wasn’t simple.

“I have been in seclusion for the Heavenly Barren Banquet over the years, so please forgive me,” Lin Jiangxian said politely.

“The Heavenly Sword Pavilion’s sect master told me that he wants you to become the Young Pavilion Master in the Heavenly Sword Pavilion,” the Azure Sky God Lord said. The previous Young Pavilion Master was Bai Yuchen, but he was now imprisoned in the Blood Purgatory Ruins and couldn’t come out any time soon. Not to mention that Lin Jiangxian was also from the Heavenly Sword Pavilion, and had shone brightly on the banquet, having grasped an Eternal Dao. So, she was suitable as a Young Pavilion Master candidate.

Lin Yun felt that it was a good idea. Lin Jiangxian and those from the Heavenly Sword Pavilion might have some conflict, but they would be powerless since the Young Pavilion Master was equivalent to the Dao Sect’s Dao Son. The entire holy land would use their resources to nurture her.

But Lin Jiangxian was calm, and indifferently said, “I don’t dare think about that. I want to know when Lin Yun can return to the Kunlun Realm.”

The Azure Sky God Lord frowned and turned to look at Lin Yun with hostility. This made Lin Yun nervous because the Azure Sky God Lord looked at him as if he was trying to kidnap his daughter. But his relationship with Lin Jiangxian was pure.

“I heard that you had the Heavenly Fragrance Divine Maiden and Heavenly Phoenix Maiden by your side at the banquet. As expected of your title, Flower Burial,” the Azure Sky God Lord said unhappily.

Lin Yun bitterly smiled because he couldn’t explain himself.

Lin Jiangxian raised her brow, before she coldly said, “You care too much. Even if he has a hundred wives and wants to change a wife daily, what does it have to do with you?”

Lin Yun’s eyelid twitched as he sensed the murderous intent coming from the Azure Sky God Lord.

“God Lord, they’re only rumors. Flower Burial is referring to the name of my sword. Everyone in the Kunlun Realm knows about my character, and it’s not an understatement to call me the most affectionate man in the Kunlun Realm,” Lin Yun said sincerely.

“The most affectionate?” The Azure Sky God Lord looked at Lin Yun doubtfully. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Lin Yun nodded. As for Holy Maiden Killer, that was Ye Qingtian’s title, and it had nothing to do with him, Lin Yun.

“Go to the Azure Sky Sea, first. My friend will arrive nine days from now, so you’ll have to ask him how long it will take before you can return to the Kunlun Realm.” The Azure Sky God Lord soared to the sky with them. Although he wasn’t willing, this was something he had promised Lin Jiangxian.

It didn’t take long before they arrived in a celestial sea region. There were many islands here, and they landed on the biggest island. This island was serene, and only two boys were cleaning the place.

“Lin Yun, find a place and stay. I will be guiding Xian'er’s cultivation during this period,” the Azure Sky God Lord said.

Lin Jiangxian was unhappy, feeling that it was rude to Lin Yun. But Lin Yun was more than happy to agree with him. There were many empty pavilions in the surrounding area, so he chose one beside the lake.

“Qilin Sword Canon!” Lin Yun fell into deep thought, looking at the jade slip. Speaking of which, he came in contact with the Azure Dragon and Black Tortoise’s inheritances. Now, he obtained the Qilin’s inheritance. If he managed to obtain the Vermilion Bird and White Tiger, wouldn’t that mean he had received the inheritance representing the four directions? As for Qilin, it signified the center. At that time, he might be able to develop a peerless divine technique.

But Lin Yun merely laughed it off and didn’t take it seriously. He didn’t hesitate to place the jade slip on his forehead, and had soon discovered multiple restrictions on it. This was a good thing to prevent an overflow of information from blowing up his mind.

The Qilin Sword Immortal probably knew that Lin Yun couldn’t finish it, which was why he set up restrictions that would lift as his cultivation rose. The jade slip contained the Qilin Sword Immortal’s comprehension and all the sword sutras he had gathered, which was an eye-opening experience for Lin Yun.

Then again, the Qilin Sword Canon was the most important, which Lin Yun soon sank into.

Nine days passed quickly, and a voice disrupted Lin Yun, “My friend is here. Come with me.”

Lin Yun lowered the jade slip but had benefited greatly from it. He now had a new comprehension of how to practice his Sword Dao. He cleaned himself before leaving the pavilion, where he soon saw the Azure Sky God Lord standing on the highest mountain.

When he flew over, he stood behind the Azure Sky God Lord and was beside Lin Jiangxian. It had been nine days, and Lin Jiangxian’s strength had dramatically improved. It appeared that she benefited greatly under the Azure Sky God Lord’s guidance.

“God Lord, what’s the origin of that friend of yours?” Lin Yun asked.

“He naturally has a huge origin, and you should know of him since you came from the Kunlun Realm,” the Azure Sky God Lord smiled. “Speaking of which, he’s only willing to help because you’re from the Kunlun Realm. Otherwise, who would exhaust their heavenly dao energy to help out, even if we’re friends?”

The Kunlun Realm again? Lin Yun frowned.

“Have you heard of someone who could slay a deity while at the Saint Realm?” The Azure Sky God Lord asked.

Lin Yun’s heart began to beat since he had naturally heard of that person as well. This surprised Lin Jiangxian because Lin Yun looked calm most of the time, so it was rare to see such shock on his face.

“Young Master Lin, you’ve heard of him before?” Lin Jiangxian asked.

“I have, and a lot,” Lin Yun smiled after taking a deep breath to calm himself down. There was only one person who slew a deity while being at the Saint Realm in the Kunlun Realm, and that was the Iris Sword Saint.

“Azure Sky, it has been a long time since we last met.” A voice resounded. The Iris Sword Saint had finally arrived!