Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2418 - Iris Sword Saint

Lin Yun raised his head to see a youth donning a blue taoist robe. He had exquisite features that made him look extraordinary, and he looked as though he came from a painting. But Lin Yun was surprised that this person wasn’t in the appearance of an old man. After all, the Iris Sword Saint he met back in the Kunlun Realm had an old man’s image. Was this the change that happens after reaching the Deity Realm?

Logically speaking, Lin Yun shouldn’t be shocked because deities or even saints could maintain their youthful appearance. But the Iris Sword Saint that Lin Yun had interacted with before was always in the image of an old man.

“Xian’er, this is the friend of your master... and he should be in the God King Realm by now,” the Azure Sky God Lord smiled.

Lin Jiangxian was surprised because the God King Realm was the pinnacle of the Deity Realm, and the Ancestral Stage was above that. She only felt that this person was deep and unfathomable, but she didn’t expect him to be a God King. She quickly bowed, “I pay my respects to the God King.”

The Iris Sword Saint nodded at Lin Jiangxian before looking at Lin Yun. When the two gazes met, the cauldron within Lin Yun’s body began to violently tremble, and he had to exert great force to calm it down.

“He’s...” The Azure Sky God Lord wanted to introduce Lin Yun.

But the Iris Sword Saint smiled and interrupted, “There’s no need to introduce him. I know him, and I was the one who guided him into his cultivation. I might not be his master, but he received my legacy back in the Kunlun Realm.”

“There’s a story like that?” The Azure Sky God Lord was shocked.

Lin Jiangxian’s heart beat when she learned that this God King was from the Kunlun Realm. The white-clothed swordsman had already shocked her, since she didn’t expect that there was such an expert from the Kunlun Realm, which was too unbelievable.

Lin Yun bowed, showing his most tremendous respect. He took a deep breath and raised his head, “Greetings, Senior. You’re the actual Iris Sword Saint, right?”

He was used to calling the other party the Iris Sword Saint.

The Iris Sword Saint’s eyes flashed, and soon understood why. He smiled, “I left behind five of me in the Kunlun Realm. How many have you seen, and where are they?”

“Only one at the Myriad Graves Valley in the God Burial Mountain Range,” Lin Yun honestly replied.

The Azure Sky God Lord looked at the two, then smiled, “Iris, it looks like you have an arrangement. I won't disturb the two of you, then.”

“There’s no arrangement. It’s a pure coincidence since I thought that it was a junior from the Kunlun Realm and didn’t expect it to be him,” the Iris Sword Saint smiled.

Lin Yun instantly realized that the Iris Sword Saint knew about many things.

“Okay, you guys catch up,” the Azure Sky God Lord left with Lin Jiangxian.

“Master, what’s going on?” Lin Jiangxian asked.

“I don’t know. The two have a connection. It looks like it’s not entirely bad that this friend of yours didn’t take the ancestral deity as his master. Isn’t this an opportunity for him?” The Azure Sky God Lord said.

Lin Jiangxian turned around to see Iris and Lin Yun sitting together.

Lin Yun then sat down, looking at the Iris Sword Saint before him. He had many things to say, but he didn’t know how to open his mouth. So he just looked at the Iris Sword Saint like that.

“Isn’t it rude of you to look at me like that? You can just ask if you have any questions. This is the real me this time; othewise, I can’t send you back to the Kunlun Realm,” the Iris Sword Saint laughed.

“So... how do I address you?” Lin Yun smiled awkwardly.

“You can call me Iris or Senior. Be more direct, as I can only stay here for three days,” the Iris Sword Saint said.

“Three days? Isn’t it too short?”

“I was only planning to stay for a day, or someone might discover me.”

“Your enemies?”

“Not everyone wants to see me becoming an ancestral deity, especially my master’s enemies,” the Iris Sword Saint said.

Lin Yun’s face became grave because the Iris Sword Saint’s master was the Blue Dragon Ancestral Deity. He couldn’t imagine how powerful the Blue Dragon Ancestral Deity’s enemies were. He briefly pondered, then asked, “How did you manage to slay a deity as a saint?”

The Iris Sword Saint pondered, and said, “I was only lucky, and I paid a great price to do it. If there’s a choice, I don’t advise you to do it.”

Lin Yun frowned with doubt in his eyes.

The Iris Sword Saint said, “Saints can’t kill deities, just like mortal cultivators can’t kill a saint.”

Lin Yun could understand why mortal cultivators couldn’t kill a saint. Saints had saint energy, which was ten times stronger, and they could empower themselves with saint dao to amplify their strength even further. If Lin Yun stood there and allowed cultivators in the Samsara Edict Realm to attack him, he wouldn’t have suffered any injuries.

But if he made a move, he could kill thousands of Samsara Edict Realm cultivators with a palm, since they weren’t on the same level. Even if someone had the help of an array or treasure, it was still incredibly tough. Not to mention that he could leave if he ran into danger.

“How did you do that? Because of Nirvana Dao?” Lin Yun asked, having also grasped Nirvana Dao.

The Iris Sword Saint nodded, “Because of Nirvana Dao, but not entirely. I had the help of something else as well, and I paid a great price to do it. That deity was only heavily injured and wasn’t dead. It’s nothing to be proud of, but there aren’t any examples of a saint killing a deity in the three thousand realms. This is why the story was spread out.”

It was also tough for Emperors to kill a deity, and it was hard even for the Qilin Sword Immortal to slay a deity. But the Iris Sword Saint could slay a deity as a saint, and he said it was nothing to be proud of. Even if he borrowed the help of a treasure, it was still unimaginable to him.

Lin Yun asked, “Can I do it as well? Can I also slay a deity if I’m a Great Saint?”

“You? No,” the Iris Sword Saint smiled.

“Senior, you’re really direct,” Lin Yun smiled awkwardly.

“This is why I plan to stay for three days and not one,” the Iris Sword Saint smiled.

“You’re going to teach me?” Lin Yun looked excited.

“Yeah.” The Iris Sword Saint nodded, “You have grasped Nirvana Dao, and it’s hard for others to give you pointers, but I can. You will cultivate with me for three days before I send you back to the Kunlun Realm.”

Lin Yun heaved i sigh in relief and rejoiced. This was because he had no one to guide him in Nirvana Dao, and even the Divine Phoenix Holy Master didn’t know much. With the Iris Sword Saint guiding him, his cultivation would be much smoother. He recollected his thoughts, and asked, “I have a question that might be offensive, but I’m baffled about it.”

“Go on.”

“With your strength, why did you leave behind the Kunlun Realm a hundred thousand years ago?”

“It’s impossible to reach the Ancestral Stage in the Kunlun Realm, and I didn’t leave behind the Kunlun Realm, either. I left behind nine figures, representing nine different inheritances... which the strongest should’ve been found three thousand years ago,” the Iris Sword Saint said.

“The Nine Emperors!” Lin Yun exclaimed with his face changed.

“Mhm?” The Iris Sword Saint was baffled.

“Three thousand years ago, there were nine people who rose and ended the dark era...” Lin Yun shared the Nine Emperor’s story with the Iris Sword Saint.

“Heavenly Dragon Bone, Life-Death Painting, and Heavenly Fate Edict... I did leave them behind. But it seems it was different from what I’d planned,” the Iris Sword Saint said. “I left the inheritances behind, hoping to reforge the Dragon’s Gate, not the creation of Divine Dragon Empire. Everyone can dream in the Dragon’s Gate, but the Divine Dragon Empire focuses on ruling the Kunlun Realm.”

The Iris Sword Saint sighed, “I didn’t expect that the inheritances I left behind would become a hindrance to you.”

“Senior, there’s no need to blame yourself for it. It’s hard to predict a person’s heart,” Lin Yun said.

The Iris Sword Saint said, “I will make it up to you, and I can tell you their inheritances.”

Lin Yun’s eyes lit up when he heard that. This was equivalent to telling him the secrets of the Nine Emperor’s cultivation.

“If the day comes where they’re in your way, you can move against them,” the Iris Sword Saint said.

“Thank you,” Lin Yun bowed. “There’s one more question. You should be able to tell that I have a treasure on me, so is there a way for me to use it without bearing too many consequences?”

The Firmament Saint Cloth was his greatest trump card, but he could only let it react. If he activated it himself, he would have to pay a great price, which he didn’t want to experience again.

“You have to be a Great Saint, at the very least,” the Iris Sword Saint said.

“There’s... still a long way...” Lin Yun said helplessly.

“What are you thinking about? That’s a treasure far exceeding Sovereign Saint Artifacts, and it was used by pinnacle Emperors back then. In the hands of the Azure Dragon Lord, he can even face a deity,” the Iris Sword Saint smiled. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Lin Yun was disappointed upon hearing that. If he could use it, it would become his biggest trump card during his master’s tribulation.

The Iris Sword Saint said, “But I can set up several restrictions, and you will only be able to unleash a portion of its power. As for the price for using it, it might be acceptable.”

Lin Yun rejoiced since that was a piece of great news for him.

“You shouldn’t use it if you can,” the Iris Sword Saint said. “You have already used it once, and you might not be able to bear the price of using it again.”

But Lin Yun’s smile didn’t fade, as it wouldn’t be a problem as long as he was alive. If he could help his masters’ tribulation, he was willing to let his cultivation fall again since the price was worth it.

“Let’s stop here. I have some things to talk to Azure Sky, and you need his help if you want to return to the Kunlun Realm,” the Iris Sword Saint said as he stood up.

Seeing that the Iris Sword Saint was going to leave, Lin Yun’s face changed as he had a question, not knowing if he should ask about it. Ultimately, he asked, “Wait... Senior... can I ask why you sealed the ice phoenix for a hundred thousand years back then?”