Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2419 - Same Goal!

The Iris Sword Saint’s face changed when he heard that. He turned around and asked, “She’s awake? How is she now?”

Lin Yun nodded, and replied, “She’s awake, and she’s great. She reforged her body with the Azure Dragon King Bone. She has a great temper, likes to boast, and calls herself the Heavenly Slaughter Empress. But she’s like a little girl that would cry all the time, and she’s also petty.”

Lin Yun couldn’t help smiling when he mentioned Lil’ Purple, and it had been some time since they last met. He was already starting to miss her a little.

The Iris Sword Saint smiled, and he was gratified, listening to Lin Yun’s description. He smiled, “That lass is still the same as before. But she’s not boasting since she could be called the Heavenly Slaughter Empress.”

“What did she do in the past? She doesn’t know if she lost her memories or if someone sealed them. She can’t recall the past,” Lin Yun asked carefully.

The Iris Sword Saint fell silent before he said, “I was the one who sealed her memories, and she did nothing wrong back then. Everyone from the Ice Phoenix Clan died except her in that battle a hundred thousand years ago. A Demonspirit Clan’s deity killed her friends and family called the Ghost Flame God Lord. To take revenge, she executed the forbidden technique of the Heavenly Slaughter Divine Art, sacrificing countless innocent lives, bearing torrential sins, and perishing with that God Lord.”

“Dead?” Lin Yun was shocked.

The Iris Sword Saint nodded, “Dead. I sealed her soul within the Iris Sword Box before her soul dissipated, along with her painful memories. It’s good that she can’t remember it, so don’t tell her about it.”

Lin Yun didn’t expect that the truth would be like that. The entire Ice Phoenix Clan was butchered, but he could imagine the pain it brought to Lil’ Purple. He said, “I will.”

The Iris Sword Saint continued, “Her soul wasn’t complete when I sealed her, so it depended on fate if she could be awakened. I didn’t expect her to awaken, so this is a blessing. Treat her well. The heart of a phoenix is small, and she can only contain you, right?”

The Iris Sword Saint smiled at Lin Yun. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Senior...” Lin Yun wanted to say something, but the Iris Sword Saint had already left as space distorted. He squinted his eyes and noticed that this movement technique was profound and wasn’t Space Dao. He could sense the fluctuation of Nirvana Dao. “Mhm?”

“It’s not Space or Time Daos, but Nirvana Dao!” Lin Yun squinted. Before he realized it, the Iris Sword Saint already disappeared.

“Lin Jiangxian said that he’s proficient in Space and Time Daos, so he can send him back. It looks like it’s not entirely true. Can it be that he grasped Space and Time through Nirvana Dao?” Lin Yun fell into deep thought. If he could learn that, his strength would significantly improve.

He didn’t know how long the talk between the Iris Sword Saint and Azure Sky God Lord would be, so he spent his time consolidating his cultivation instead. He had reached the ninth-stage Saint Lord, and could enter the Quasi-Saint Sovereign any time. He didn’t know much about the Saint Sovereign Realm, and he had no intentions to make a breakthrough any time soon. He circulated the two sword canons and the surrounding spiritual energy poured into his body.

Lin Yun reached a high rapport with heaven and earth, which meant being a ninth-stage Saint Lord, merging himself with heaven and earth.

While Lin Yun was cultivating, the Iris Sword Saint and Azure Sky God Lord were discussing amongst themselves. The Azure Sky God Lord asked, “It won’t be easy to return him. Have you made up your mind? You will compete for a spot in dao, and you will be in trouble if you expose yourself.”

The Iris Sword Saint nodded, “I have already decided. How’s the preparation of the array?”

“I have long prepared it. But I can’t control the array on the Kunlun Realm’s side,” the Azure Sky God Lord was also a spiritualist and could engrave divine runes with his hands. Even the Iris Sword Saint couldn’t compete with him in spiritual arrays.

The Iris Sword Saint said, “You don’t have to worry about that. We can use the Heavenly Fragrance Divine Mountain’s array, but I need you to set up another array to conceal it. It has to be a ninth-grade divine array.”

“You have already reached that far?” The Azure Sky God Lord asked with his face changing. To become an ancestral deity, one had to defeat the ancestral deity, grasping that dao, as well as making a breakthrough. It wasn’t making a breakthrough but competing for dao.

An Eternal Dao only had two to three spots, and you would have to kick someone out if you wanted to climb up. If the Iris Sword Saint wished to become an ancestral deity grasping Nirvana Dao, even an ancestral deity might make a move against him if his tracks were exposed, so this was terrifying.

The Azure Sky Realm already had an eighth-grade divine array, but it required another ninth-grade divine array. This meant that the Iris Sword Saint was already close to that step.

The Iris Sword Saint nodded, “Three days. We only have three days. I will guide him over the next three days, so I can only rely on you for the divine rune.”

They didn’t have much time, but the Azure Sky God Lord nodded and gritted his teeth.

“This is the Five Elements Divine Wood. Consider it my gift for your daughter,” the Iris Sword Saint took out a wood and handed it to the Azure Sky God Lord.

The Azure Sky God Lord wasn’t polite either, since the Five Elements Divine Wood was rare, and it was a treasure for Lin Jiangxian, who grasped the Five Elements Dao. He smiled, “It looks like she’s really fortunate.”

On the Kunlun Realm’s Divine Phoenix Mountain, a lamp lit up in the ancestor's hall and all the elders opened their eyes. Seeing this lamp, they heaved a sigh in relief. The holy master gave Ji Zixi three tokens before leaving. Crushing each token would light up a lamp, meaning Ji Zixi was safe. If two lamps were lit, this meant that she had become the ancestral deity’s disciple, while the third lamp meant that she and Lin Yun were safe.

It didn’t take long before the second and third lamps lit up, causing an uproar in the hall.

“Zixi succeeded!”

“Flower Burial is reliable! God knows how often we’ve failed over the past hundred thousand years!”

“With Zixi’s talent and now that she has become an ancestral deity’s disciple, she can become a deity within five hundred years at most!”

“We can finally leave the Kunlun Realm!” Everyone in the hall emotionally teared up. They could finally fulfill their wish. The holy master and Lil’ Purple were standing outside the hall with joy on their faces.

Lin Yun and Ji Zixi had no idea how worried the two of them were, and they didn’t even get a wink of sleep. They were afraid that the three lamps would shatter. The holy master excitedly said, “Lord Phoenix, they’re fine!”

“There’s no need to be so anxious. It’s all within my expectations,” Lil’ Purple said.

The Divine Phoenix Holy Master merely smiled and said nothing more. During this period, Lil’ Purple was even more worried than him, with her fists clenched.

Lil’ Purple raised her head, and said, “Since Lin Yun has fulfilled his agreement, the Divine Phoenix Mountain...”

“We will mobilize the entire holy land to help the Radiant Sword Saint with his tribulation,” the Divine Phoenix Holy Master said.

“We will do our best. Please be reassured!” The elders in the hall bowed, giving their promise. They were all Saint Sovereigns, and four were Great Saints. Within the entire Kunlun Realm, this was already a considerable force.

“Does the Divine Phoenix Mountain have an Emperor?” Lil’ Purple asked.

The Divine Phoenix Holy Master said, “We have two Grand Elders who are Emperors, but if Emperors make a move, I’m afraid that the Empress will become unhappy.”

“They don’t have to make a move, but we need to be prepared,” Lil’ Purple said with a cold light flashing in her eyes. When she looked at the lamps, she knew that Lin Yun must’ve suffered a lot on the other side. If possible, it was best that Lin Yun didn’t return. Lil’ Purple felt that it was best for Lin Yun not to join this mess.

The Radiant Sword Saint’s tribulation involved many factors that far exceeded Lil’ Purple’s expectations. At the end of it, Emperors might even make a move. The rapport everyone had that Emperors weren’t allowed to make a move might be broken then.

At the same time, in the Fallen God Valley, Su Ziyao was wearing a crown on her head while giving off a Golden-Purple radiance. Behind her was a massive dragon that released a terrifying dragon’s aura, resisting the black pressure in front of her.

There was a bone claw over there, looking at Su Ziyao as though it was alive. That bone hand already had a conscience of its own, and it gave off a powerful pressure, despite only being a bone hand.

“Little girl, you’re still not going to admit defeat?” An aged voice came from the bone hand. “Undo my seal and help me leave this place. I can promise you one thing.”

But Su Ziyao’s face was cold as she gave off a powerful aura. The bone hand was cunning, and she naturally wouldn’t believe it. But it didn’t matter since she just had to subdue and refine it!

Her strength would undergo a drastic boost if she could refine it, and she would be able to help out during the Radiant Sword Saint’s tribulation. She roared, “I want absolute obedience! Golden-Purple Divine Dragon, heed my order!”

When a dragon’s roar echoed, lightning flashed from Su Ziyao’s body as the divine dragon charged at the bone hand. Su Ziyao hovered in the air, giving off a powerful aura like a deity as she charged with the divine dragon.