Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2430 - Divine Phoenix Holy Master's Courage

Al these voices made everyone from Sword Sect excited.

“It’s Senior Brother Lin!”

“Senior Brother Lin still remembers the Sword Sect!”

“Even the Divine Phoenix Mountain and Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion have come! We can fight with the Profound Sky Sect now!” Sword Sect’s disciples were emotional, with joy on their faces. The four Great Saints from the Heavenly Dao Sect were motivating enough, but who could have imagined that the Divine Phoenix Mountain and Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion would also come?

“As expected of him. He never forgot that he’s a member of the Sword Sect.”

“I entered the Sword Sect with Lin Yun, and I still remember how the sect master wanted Lin Yun to bring the Sword Sect back to its prime.” Many Sword Sect’s disciples were discussing amongst themselves, filled with admiration for Lin Yun.

When Ye Ziling and the other chief disciples exchanged a gaze, they all felt a strength rising between them.

“Will Senior Brother Lin will be with those from the Divine Phoenix Mountain?” Mu Qingqing asked curiously. They only knew that he had gone to the Divine Phoenix Mountain and nothing else.

“That doesn’t seem to be the case,” Ye Ziling said calmly. The Divine Phoenix Holy Master only mentioned that he was here because of his agreement with Lin Yun, but he didn’t mention that he was with Lin Yun. Based on Lin Yun’s personality, the Divine Phoenix Holy Master would announce it if Lin Yun was with them.

While everyone from the Sword Sect was filled with hope, Mu Xuankong also wore a smile. But he was briefly distracted, before he said, “Let’s grandly meet everyone who came to aid the Sword Sect!”

The Radiant Sword Saint helped many people in the past who have long arrived to help the Sword Sect. But the heart was complicated, and the Sword Sect wasn’t powerful. As a result, they didn’t dare to open the sect and allow everyone to come in. But they didn’t have that concern now.

“They...” The Golden Saint Lord turned to look at the Sword Sect’s disciples.

Mu Xuankong took a deep breath and said, “Ye Ziling, listen up!”

“I’m here!” Ye Ziling bowed as the other disciples in the plaza became quiet, waiting for Mu Xuankong’s words.

“I order you to guard the Heaven Prolong Peak, and you guys can retreat to the main peaks if the enemies are too strong. As for the other disciples, you will lead them and guard the hundred and eight peaks,” Mu Xuankiong finally decided not to chase them away. He also couldn’t refuse them because they now had a high chance of living with many Great Saints.

“I know that you guys aren’t afraid of death, but it’s not your turn to die yet as long as we’re alive. As swordsmen, we’re not afraid of death, but we still need you guys to carry on the Sword Sect’s inheritance and spirit,” Mu Xuankong said. He continued, “Retreat if the enemies are too strong. That doesn’t mean you guys are afraid of death. You are all the geniuses of the Sword Sect!”

When he was done speaking, he threw a golden medal, which Ye Ziling grabbed a hold of, and she smiled, “Roger that!”

The Heavenly Prolong Peak was the main peak of the hundred and eight peaks, and the golden medal was the Lesser Heaven Authority Order. With it, she could manipulate the earth energy of hundred and eight peaks to maintain the outer region of the Great Profound Sword Canon. With the power of earth energy, she could even unleash power far surpassing Saint Lords.

“Go on.” Mu Xuankong looked at Ye Ziling deeply before he came to the entrance of the Sword Sect with the other saint elders. Mu Xuankong used the Greater Heaven Authority Order to open the seal on the Sword Sect.

The sword array enveloping the entire Sword Sect changed as several sword rays intertwined, allowing the reinforcements to enter. With Great Saints like them around, those with ulterior thoughts wouldn’t even dare to enter. Even so, Mu Xuankong was cautious with the Greater Heaven Authority Order in his hand.

With the Greater Heaven Authority Order in hand, he would be connected with the pulse of the Sword Sect, and he could sense every change. If anyone dared to put on a disguise before him, they would suffer the backlash of the Nine Heavenly Great Profound Sword Canon.

With a few flashes, the four Great Saints from the Heavenly Dao Sect arrived first. When they entered, Mu Xuankong and the other Saint Elders from the Sword Sect heaved a sigh of relief as they came forth to welcome them. Behind them were the sect masters of the six powerful sects, and they all came alone. They were all at the pinnacle Saint Sovereign, and they could be considered a powerful reinforcement. This was because their Great Saints had to guard the sects, and Great Saints were extremely precious to the sect.

These six came with the preparation to die. Even if they died, the Great Saints in their clans could bring the elite disciples away from the Ancient Barren Domain to continue their inheritance. If they lost their Great Saints, they would instantly lose their position and the ability to maintain a foothold.

“I’m grateful that everyone can come, and I can’t express how grateful I am,” Mu Xuankong stepped forth and cupped his fists together.

Ye Guhan could be considered half a disciple from the Sword Sect, and Mu Xuankong wasn’t surprised that Ye Guhan would be here. However, the powerful sects could be regarded as rivals as they often had competition and usually fought. This was why Mu Xuankong was grateful for their arrival.

“Sect Master Mu, you’re too serious. Perhaps the Ancient Barren Domain has been peaceful for too long, and no one dared to stretch their reach here. We might not say it, but we know we should care for each other as members of the Ancient Barren Domain.”

“That’s right. The Ancient Barren Domain is one of the nine ancient domains. Without the Radiant Sword Saint, it wouldn’t be peaceful in the Ancient Barren Domain.”

“The Radiant Sword Saint treated us with sincerity, and we’re willing to give out lives to help him even though we can’t send out everyone from our sects,” the sect masters from the other powerful sects cupped their fists together with sincerity.

A sect involved too many factors, and they couldn’t send out their entire sect to help. As a result, they could only come themselves, and they were prepared that they might die here to help the Radiant Sword Saint.

“I’m grateful!” Mu Xuankong said, feeling touched.

Shortly after, the Divine Phoenix Mountain and Lil’ Purple also arrived. Since they were riding on the Azure Birds, they came in a grand formation. This instantly made the eyes of the four Great Saints from the Heavenly Dao Sect and the various sect masters of the Ancient Barren Domain light up. Almost half of the Divine Phoenix Mountain was here. Not only was the Divine Phoenix Holy Master here, but he brought four Great Saints, ten Saint Sovereigns, and dozens of Saint Lords.

Just the Divine Phoenix Mountain alone was much stronger than all the experts here, especially the Divine Phoenix Holy Master. Everyone’s confidence was boosted with joy when they saw him.

“We greet the holy master!” Not only those from the Sword Sect but the sect masters from the other sects also respectfully cupped their fists together. After all, the Divine Phoenix Holy Master was acknowledged as the strongest in Eastern Desolation for a long time, and it was disputed for a long time who was stronger, he or the Radiant Sword Saint.

Now, the Profound Sky Sect had many Great Saints gathered together, but the one they were terrified of was Tian Xuanzi. If no one could stop Tian Xuanzi, it would be futile, even if they had so many experts here. But it was different now that the Divine Phoenix Holy Master was here.

“It’s the honor of the Sword Sect that the holy master is here!” Mu Xuankong exclaimed, and he even went as far as bowing before the Divine Phoenix Holy Master. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“No need to be so polite!” The Divine Phoenix Holy Master supported Mu Xuankong up. He smiled, “We have an agreement with Lin Yun, so we came as promised. You don’t have to be so polite.”

“Where’s my junior brother?” Ye Guhan asked, looking around. Everyone also came to their senses and found it weird as well. After all, it made no sense for Lin Yun to not be here when his master was undergoing his tribulation.

When the Divine Phoenix Holy Master wanted to speak, Lil’ Purple interrupted, “Lin Yun is in seclusion to reach the Saint Sovereign Realm, and he can’t rush over.”

Lil’ Purple didn’t want Lin Yun to participate in this battle in her heart, and it was best if he missed it. But in reality, what Lil’ Purple said wasn’t a lie, either.

The Divine Phoenix Holy Master came to his senses, and smiled, “Lin Yun received a great opportunity in the Divine Phoenix Mountain, and he will become a Saint Sovereign in half a month, at most.”

Everyone was shocked to hear that Lin Yun would become a Saint Sovereign. This was terrifying, and Lin Yun would be able to rise in the Kunlun Realm the moment he became a Saint Sovereign.

Mu Xuankong laughed, “Good! If Lin Yun can successfully become a Saint Sovereign, we have an inheritance left behind, even if Tian Xuanzi wipes out the Sword Sect! That means that the Sword Sect won’t be destroyed, either way!”

He was really happy because the Sword Sect wouldn’t disappear in history as long as Lin Yun was around. As for everyone else, they were envious as they congratulated the Sword Sect.

“Hahaha! Lin Yun, that brat, is going to become a Saint Sovereign! Great!” A burst of laughter rang out from the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion’s Azure Python Great Saint, who came with three Great Saints from the Azure Dragon’s lineage.

When Mu Xuankong saw him, he cupped his fists together before quickly closing the entire sect.

“This is a good news! Now that the spiritual energy has changed in the world, he will be able to become a Great Saint in five years at most under fortune if he can become a Saint Sovereign. This is much stronger than that of Tian Xuanzi. We can now do our best to protect the Sword Sect. Even if we’re dead, Lin Yun won’t let us down when he rises,” the Azure Python Great Saint cupped his fists at everyone before he started laughing. He might seem rash, but he had a meticulous thought.

Everyone came here because of the righteousness in their hearts, putting their lives on the line. If Lin Yun could help their descendants because of this, it would be even better news. After all, Lin Yun had a good reputation in the Kunlun Realm, and everyone was relieved about it.

The morale was boosted as the Golden Firmament Saint Lord looked around. There were five Great Saints from the Divine Phoenix Mountain, four Great Saints from the Heavenly Dao Sect, and four Great Saints from the Heavenly Nirvana Pavilion. There were thirteen Great Saints here, and they now had the confidence to fight Tian Xuanzi.

“I’m confident now with so much help. Since the holy master is here, why don’t you make the arrangement instead,” Mu Xuankong asked.

The Divine Phoenix Holy Master waved his hand, and said, “We don’t have much time now, so there’s no need to be so polite. This is the Sword Sect, and you should make the arrangements as the sect master. We’ll just listen to you.”

“We’ll listen to you!” Everyone echoed along after the Divine Phoenix Holy Master spoke out.