Chapter 2479 - Ancient Heavenly Dragon

“...The divine dragons are strong, but don’t forget that the Heavenly Dragon is the lord of all dragons!” Liu Wuxie’s voice wasn’t loud, but everyone heard it, and his voice echoed on the stage.

The Golden Dragon King threw out a mouthful of blood, his face pale. Fortunately, he became an Emperor relying on his physique and possessing the divine dragon’s bloodline. Thus, this attack wasn’t lethal to him.

Seeing the Golden Dragon King throwing out blood, the five dragon kings finally became anxious, with their faces changing.

The Empress held onto her chin and said in an indolent tone, “Since he has given the word, what are you all waiting for? Are the six dragon kings of my Divine Dragon Empire cowards?”

When she said that, the other five dragon kings soared to the sky and appeared beside the Golden Dragon King. They were the Silver, White, Green, Red, and Indigo Dragon Kings. Aside from the Blue Dragon’s lineage, the other dragon kings were gathered here.

Seeing that all six dragon kings were standing on the stage, everyone’s faces changed.

“Together, six dragon kings can even fight against mythical emperors.”

“Is Lin Yun serious?”

“What else? He’s here for the Empress. If he couldn’t even deal with the six dragon kings, how would he fight the Empress?” There was a heated discussion in the surroundings. The Ice Emperor was also shocked because the Golden Dragon King was stronger than him, and Lin Yun now had to face six dragon kings.

Even if his opponent was the Empress, he shouldn’t have fought this battle because he would only reveal his trump cards, suffer injuries, or exhaust his saint origin. But seeing that Lin Yun maintained his composure, this meant that he must be confident aside from being arrogant.

“I didn’t believe what you said earlier, but I believe your words now,” the Abyssal Emperor said. He was also shocked by Lin Yun’s strength and believed in what the Ice Emperor said.

Shaking his head, the Ice Emperor said, “He’s stronger than before, and I can’t see through him any longer.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

On the stage, the Golden Dragon King wiped the blood off his lips and said, “There’s something weird about him. Be careful!”

The other dragon kings knew as it was apparent. The Golden Dragon King would’ve thrown out blood if Lin Yun hadn't been strong.

The Silver Dragon King’s face changed, and he decided, “Suppress him with our aura. No matter what, he hasn’t stepped into the Emperor Realm!”

The six dragon kings released their aura simultaneously, which fused with their divine dragon’s bloodline. When they released their aura, their pressure was even more terrifying than the Blade Emperor. Even if the Blade Emperor was a mythical emperor, the aura he gave off couldn’t be compared to the six dragon kings.

If this aura enveloped the Ice Emperor, they would be suppressed to kneel on the ground. When the terrifying aura fell onto Lin Yun, it only made him feel some pressure. As the Heavenly Dragon Bone appeared once more, the pressure was negated.

Lin Yun might not be an emperor, but he fought with heavenly dao on the Heavenly Divine Mountain, and his physique had undergone countless emperor tribulations. The tribulations he faced were comparable to the ones his master faced.

As for the aura they released, that was nothing to the Heavenly Dragon Divine Physique, and they must be dreaming to think that it could suppress him.

“Is this the best you all can do?” Lin Yun looked at the six dragon kings with a smile.

“Ignite the dragon’s blood!” Lin Yun’s provocation made the six dragon kings insane as the Golden Dragon King snorted and ignited his dragon’s blood first. Shortly after, six dragon roars sounded out from them.

Along with the dragon roars, the flames with multiple colors ignited on the six dragon kings, and the aura enveloping Lin Yun increased. Their constellations appeared behind them as six divine dragons flew out, displaying their majestic body.

Under the intense pressure, fine cracks appeared on the space of the surrounding stage. The pressure also forced Lin Yun’s feet into the mud by half an inch, making him feel like a mountain had suppressed him.

“He’s immobilized!” The Golden Dragon King rejoiced when he saw this scene. He yelled, “Suppress him!”

The six dragon kings didn’t hold back and dashed towards Lin Yun with their aura.

Seeing this, Lin Yun smiled calmly, “I’ve been waiting for you all.”

Circulating the dragon clan’s secret technique, Lin Yun’s eyes became golden as he formed a seal, causing the time-space on the stage to change. It felt as though his soul went back in time. Finally, Lin Yun saw countless pure-blooded dragons and true dragons beyond the starry sky, and they were bowing to a Heavenly Dragon coiled up on a divine mountain.

The Heavenly Dragon was the lord of all dragons, letting out a roar that made them lower their heads. The Heavenly Dragon’s gaze seemed to have traveled through time and looked at Lin Yun, interacting through time-space.

Fluctuation also appeared around the stage; each ripple resembled an Emperor’s attack.

“Heavenly Dragon Image!” Lin Yun came to his senses as a dragon traveled through time and descended. When the dragon entered his body, the entire stage began to tremble as all the emperors became horrified by the pressure they felt.

As Lin Yun’s hair fluttered in the wind, he laughed and punched, forcing the divine dragon’s aura back. This changed the six dragon kings’ faces, and they moved to block the incoming punch. They used their full strength but were still forced to retreat and finally stabilized themselves after retreating to a few thousand feet away.

“My turn!” Lin Yun laughed and dashed over, performing the Sovereign Dragon Fist. Multiple afterimages appeared around Lin Yun, and the dragons that flew out and his punches sliced time-space in half.

Lin Yun could even cause time-space to fluctuate with a wave of his hand, and he looked like a deity. In exchange, the six dragon kings were in great pain as cracks appeared on their bones in an exchange.

Lin Yun chased after the six dragon kings, forming a ridiculous scene as the six dragon kings didn’t dare to face him head-on. They began to run ten moves later, and Lin Yun laughed while he chased after them; this brutal scene left everyone dumbfounded.

But something even more terrifying was behind because the six dragon kings were slippery. Seeing this, Lin Yun ignited the Heavenly Dragon’s blood within his body.

As the dragon’s aura on Lin Yun began to rise, he clenched his fist and wanted to throw out a punch, but his punch was greatly hindered. The hindrance was even greater than what he faced on the Heavenly Divine Mountain. This made Lin Yun’s eyes change, but he still calmly threw his punch.

Such a bizarre scene made the six dragon kings stop and look at Lin Yun with uncertainty. The power of time-space was pulling Lin Yun, and his physique was on the verge of collapse. But in the next second, Lin Yun still threw his punch out.

A massive dragon’s claw was brought out, and this was an actual Heavenly Dragon’s claw that traveled through a million years ago, instantly creating a hole in space. Before the six dragon kings could react, the dragon’s claw grabbed onto the six dragon kings and raised them.

Shortly after, cracking sounds echoed as the six dragon kings’ Golden Emperor Physique was destroyed. When the Heavenly Dragon’s claw disappeared, the bodies of the six dragon kings were kneaded into a ball.

“Holy shit!” Everyone exclaimed. Even the Ice and Abyssal Emperor were dumbfounded. The six dragon kings kneaded into a ball?

The six dragon kings were kneaded into a ball, their bodies intertwining as their heads let out a miserable scream. This scene was too impactful to anyone.

The Black and White Emperors also fell silent, with the White Emperor’s lip twitching, “Radiant, has your disciple always been this violent?”

“This is too brutal,” the Black Emperor commented.

The Empress also sat upright on her throne when she saw this scene. The Blade Emperor was dumbfounded, his mouth slightly open. He might not fear the six dragon kings, but it was practically impossible to defeat them. He could only fight and hope they could reveal a flaw as they fight.

But crushing the six dragon kings like Lin Yun was impossible for him, and he bet the Flame Emperor couldn’t do it either. The Blade Emperor turned to look at the Flame Emperor and saw the shock on the latter’s face.

The Flame Emperor knew that the Radiant Sword Emperor and Lin Yun were strong, but they didn’t expect Lin Yun to be so powerful.

“Let them go,” the Empress said.

“Sure,” Lin Yun replied and kicked the meatball, sending the six dragon kings flying out. When the six dragon kings landed on the ground, they all fainted with their bones, and Golden Emperor Physique was destroyed. Even if they were Emperors, it wouldn’t be easy for them to recover from such severe injuries.

Taking three steps forward, Lin Yun looked at the Empress, “So, am I qualified to fight you now?”

“You are. The Heavenly Dragon Divine Physique is only recorded in ancient records. I didn’t expect you to summon the Ancient Heavenly Dragon from a million years ago,” the Empress said.

When Lin Yun wanted to speak, the Empress interrupted him, “But I said to fight you fairly. I have seen your strength, and I won’t take advantage of you; the three of you can also come.”

The Empress raised her head to look at the Radiant Sword Emperor and the Black and White Emperors. Sensing a dangerous aura coming from her, Lin Yun said, “No need. You can just fight me.”

The aura the Empress gave off was too dangerous, making Lin Yun feel she was the manifestation of Heavenly Dao.

The Empress hovered from her seat and said, “Flower Burial, I will teach you a lesson that you must always be humble, arrogant, and ruthless. Facing a formidable opponent, you should give up your benevolent heart, or you will only lose your life if you go to the God Burial Mountain Range. In the past hundred thousand years, countless breathtaking experts swore to resolve the God Burial Mountain Range. But no one came back alive. Do you think that you’re an exception?”

Before Lin Yun could reply, the Empress looked at the Radiant Sword Emperor coldly, “Radiant, take a palm from me on behalf of your disciple!”