Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2482 - So What If It's The Ancient Heavenly Dragon?

The Blade Emperor finally couldn’t control himself after seeing three flowers; even the Flame Emperor’s face changed. All the swordsmen present were briefly stunned before they went insane.

“That’s the Eternal Sword Dao!”

“The legend is true! After sword intent reaches the tenth grade, it will become an Eternal Dao!” They had only heard of it from legends but personally witnessed it today.

The Radiant Sword Emperor wore a smile and instantly understood what was going on.

Lin Yun didn’t dare to be careless on the stage. Even if he managed to catch the Empress by surprise with three Eternal Daos, it wasn’t easy to suppress someone in the Quasi-Deity Realm. As the Heavenly Dragon Bone bloomed again, he saw the Ancient Heavenly Dragon again.

His eyes turned golden and filled with divinity. When the Empress collided with a mountain, Lin Yun threw his punch out, manifesting into an Ancient Heavenly Dragon claw that traveled through time.

The Empress burst out from the mountain and punched the incoming Heavenly Dragon’s claw with her brows furrowed. But the Heavenly Dragon’s claw shattered her punch and suppressed her, making her feel suffocating even if she had the cultivation in the Quasi-Deity Realm.

That was a pure-blooded Ancient Heavenly Dragon; even its claws could intimidate Quasi-Saints even if it traveled from a million years ago. Under the pressure, the Empress’s movement technique and aura were greatly restricted, with wounds in the form of claws appearing on her body.

When blood splashed, dazzling golden radiance as the blood of a Quasi-Deity contained divinity.

“That fellow is not going easy on her!” The Blade Emperor became anxious.

Lin Yun just used three flowers to force the Empress to retreat. The Empress might seem to recover quickly, but she was also injured. That was the Quasi-Deity they were talking about, not to mention that Lin Yun didn’t give the Empress time to catch her breath and followed up with another attack.

Throwing out over ninety punches in the blink of an eye, Lin Yun forced the Empress to stay on the mountain a thousand miles away with Quasi-Deity’s blood splashing out. This made everyone’s face become pale when they saw the Empress injured.

Gasping for her breath, Lin Yun had beads of sweat on her forehead. The exhaustion was great for him after throwing out so many punches.

At the same time, the Empress also looked at Lin Yun from far away indifferently. She noticed Lin Yun was exhausted, and she had no fear and gritted her teeth even when facing the Ancient Heavenly Dragon, although her divine dragon’s bloodline and soul were trembling in fear.

Even when facing the Heavenly Dragon that had absolute suppression on Divine Dragons, the Empress wasn’t willing to submit. She hovered in the air, and a black box engraved with floral patterns appeared behind her. The box was over ten feet in height and engraved with dragon runes. The box looked as though it existed in illusory and reality.

“The Divine Dragon Vault!” Su Ziyao’s face changed when she saw the black box. But this confused Li Wuyou, Bai Lixuan, Mei Zihua, and Drifting Goblet.

“The Divine Dragon Vault? What’s that?” Li Wuyou asked.

When Su Ziyao wanted to speak, the Empress waved her hand as a Sovereign Dragon Spear flew out from the black box. This was a golden spear, a Sovereign Saint Artifact. The moment the Empress held onto it, the Quasi-Deity’s aura that she gave off increased.

Using the spear to face the Ancient Heavenly Dragon’s claw instantly became easier for her. As the golden spear shone brightly, the Empress poured her Quasi-Deity’s aura into the spear and blocked the incoming attack. With a huge impact, the Kunlun Mountain and the surrounding mountains began to tremble.

“Imperial Dragon Spear!” Many people didn’t recognize the box, but they recognized the spear. It was the Sovereign Saint Artifact used by the Empress in the past. Three thousand years ago, she relied on this spear to become famous, killing over seventy Demonspirit Clan emperors.

“Come back!” The Blade Emperor looked at the spear and reminisced.

Beads of sweat covered Lin Yun’s forehead as the golden radiance in his eyes disappeared because the Heavenly Dragon Divine Physique couldn’t hold on any longer.

“Ancient Heavenly Dragon must be the lord of all dragons? I bet the Blue Dragon King isn’t convinced, and I won’t submit as well as the Golden-Indigo Divine Dragon!” The Empress roared like she was looking at the Ancient Heavenly Dragon from a million years ago. She roared, “So what if it’s the Heavenly Dragon? I can still kill it!”

She didn’t literally mean that she would slay the Heavenly Dragon, but a form of courage. In the next moment, the Empress’ aura reached the limit as starlight descended again.

Everyone saw a terrifying scene as the Empress raised the Imperial Dragon Spear under the starlight and threw the spear out. The spear created a time-space ripple, with a drop of blood on the spear’s tip.

“That’s not the Heavenly Dragon’s blood, right?” The White Emperor exclaimed.

The Black Emperor frowned upon seeing this. The Heavenly Dragon might not be killed, but the blood most likely came from the Heavenly Dragon.

This also shocked everyone greatly and made Lin Yun’s face change as the Imperial Dragon Spear fell onto where he stood previously, leaving cracks behind on the ground that spread out. But that wasn’t all, as the cracks spread to the surrounding riverbed.

The entire Ancient Saint Domain began to tremble as the Imperial Dragon Spear immediately rusted because a million years was enough to corrode a Sovereign Saint Artifact into rusted iron.

When Lin Yun raised his head to look at the Empress, his eyes were filled with shock. But the Empress showed no heartache at the rusted Imperial Dragon Spear and opened the black box behind him. Over a hundred Sovereign Saint Artifact flew out from the black box this time.

“Oh my god!” All the cultivators present were shocked by this scene. Even Li Wuyou had his mouth opened, and he finally knew why the box was called the Divine Dragon Vault.

“These are the treasures the Divine Dragon Empire accumulated throughout the years?” Li Wuyou asked with his lips trembling.

“Not only that. The Divine Dragon Vault is a time-space treasure itself, and she’s not holding back,” Su Ziyao replied.

Even Lin Yun was shocked by this scene and became dumbfounded. He knew the Divine Dragon Empire must have a powerful foundation to rule the Kunlun Realm, but over a hundred Sovereign Saint Artifacts were a huge shock to him.

“No wonder so many people want to enter the Kunlun Realm. As an Ancestral Realm, it must be a realm that shone the brightest out of the three thousand realms,” Lin Yun recollected himself and wore a grave expression, looking at the Sovereign Saint Artifacts. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“You really think highly of me...” Lin Yun smiled bitterly. The Empress was already a Quasi-Deity and still took out over a hundred Sovereign Saint Artifacts.

“I’m willing to use all the treasures, including the Divine Dragon Vault, in exchange for your Iris Sword Box and seven sovereign divine runes,” the Empress said.

“I’m sorry, but I won’t give it away even if you have ten thousand Sovereign Saint Artifacts,” Lin Yun smiled after a brief stun.

“Since that’s the case, you can die!” The Empress said coldly and held onto another spear, pouring her aura into it. This punch pierced through space and could kill an Emperor directly. Even a mythical emperor would become heavily injured if they took it head-on.

“Flower Burial!” Lin Yun didn’t dare to be careless and took out the Flower Burial Sword, sending the spear flying as the three flowers bloomed. But shortly after, a sword flew over, and there was no way he could avoid this timely attack.

“Everything is nothing before Nirvana!” Lin Yun retreated, shattering time-space shackles, and returned to a moment before.

When he turned around, he knocked the incoming sword away.

As Lin Yun’s sword intent buzzed, he returned to the present, and three Sovereign Saint Artifacts flew over before he could catch his breath. The Sovereign Saint Artifacts were like trash thrown over at him.

This scene made everyone’s hearts rise to their throats, and they had no idea how to avoid this attack if they were in his position.

Lin Yun used Nirvana Dao to break through the time-space to face the incoming Sovereign Saint Artifact. This covered the stage with Lin Yun’s figures as he began to overlap.

Even the Emperors couldn’t comprehend what was happening as everything was in the mess. But there was someone calm and composed because the Empress could see everything clearly, unlike others.

As the Empress raised her hands, twenty-odd Golden-Indigo Dragons appeared behind her, each wielding a Sovereign Saint Artifact and throwing them over. The Sovereign Saint Artifacts flew out, enveloping the entire sky.

This shocked the White Emperor because this had exceeded what he could comprehend. As for the others, they were also dumbfounded and had no idea how they could survive under this attack if they were in Lin Yun’s position. But that wasn’t all because a golden bow appeared in the Empress’s hand, drawn to full arc with a crimson arrow.

The Empress seemed to have seen through the past and seen through Lin Yun’s Nirvana Dao. She was confident that if she shot this arrow out, Lin Yun of the past would be killed!