Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 275 - Dracophant Battle Physique

Three days later on a remote cliff in the Locket Mountain sat Lin Yun with his legs crossed. The cliff he was on was shrouded in mist and the dawn cast a giant golden glow across the horizon. Slowly opening his eyes, Lin Yun stood up and looked at the fluffy clouds. He felt refreshed.

This place could be considered a treasured land in the Sword Firmament Pavilion because the density of spiritual energy here was higher. Two months wasn’t exactly a lot of time and it could pass in the blink of an eye. But he could do many things during this time if he focused on cultivating.

Lin Yun did not go into seclusion right after he separated from Li Wuyou. First, he made a trip to the Martial Hall to increase his Sword Firmament Token to the fourth grade. This meant that he could ascend the fourth level and take a look at the transcendent profound martial techniques. Some of them weren’t any weaker than spiritual martial techniques.

However, after looking around, Lin Yun did not end up picking anything. The Overlord Sword, Seven Profound Steps, and Dragon-Tiger Fist still had room to improve. At the moment, Lin Yun was lacking a body-refining martial technique.

He asked around for a suitable one, but the Sword Firmament Pavilion’s Golden Vajra Body, Heavenly Profound Sect’s Dragon-Tiger Sculpture, and Fiendmoon Battle Physique were inferior to the Primal Origin Sect’s Dracophant Battle Physique. However, he needed to observe the ancient beast, Dracophant, if he wanted to reach complete mastery in it. The dracophant was a fusion between dragon and elephant that possessed the bloodline of the True Dragon and Primordial Mammoth.

After spending three days thinking about it, he ultimately decided to go with the Dracophant Battle Physique. The Dracophant Battle Physique had a total of six stages and it wouldn’t be easy to reach complete mastery. Due to the concern with the Primal Origin Sect, he had to show his worth in order for the Sword Firmament Pavilion to bear the Primal Origin Sect’s wrath for practicing what didn’t belong to him. After all, he didn’t believe that there was no one in the Great Qin Empire who tried cultivating it.

“Since others can learn it, I can learn it too. I have the Thunderblitz Battle Physique as my foundation, so cultivating any body-refining martial technique will be fast. Not to mention that I don’t lack resources!” Lin Yun no longer hesitated and made up his mind.

He had the resources, the foundation, and the cultivation technique. So it would be a pity if he couldn’t cultivate it. Furthermore, the Thunderblitz Battle Physique was lacking recently and anyone who could condense their aura into swords could tear apart his defense easily.

Retrieving the jade plaque he obtained from Xue Feng, Lin Yun stuck it to his forehead and began to comprehend its content. There were many words and diagrams from the jade plaque that mixed together and poured into Lin Yun’s mind. The martial technique was confusing and it was impossible for anyone to understand it if they didn’t have a master or shocking comprehension. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

The Dracophant Battle Physique was something that could only be practiced with the guidance of the Primal Origin Sect’s elders. It was difficult for ordinary disciples to obtain the cultivation technique.

This was also the reason why Xue Feng couldn’t practice it. Simply put, his comprehension was too low. If he cultivated it recklessly, he would only run amok. The dracophants were famous for their physique in ancient times and they could even shatter the stars with brute strength. So the Dracophant Battle Physique must be the strongest body-refining martial technique in the Great Qin Empire.

The Dracophant Battle Physique had a total of six stages. The first stage was to observe the dracophant painting to cultivate the dracophant energy and to use that to temper the body. The second stage was dangerous, so he had to be careful with the dracophant energy. Otherwise, his carelessness would result in injury to his internal organs.

Based on the information in his mind, Lin Yun learned that practicing the first stage required at least half a year. As for the second stage, he could condense his dracophant energy and possess the strength of fifty thousand kilograms, allowing him to take the strongest hit from a cultivator in the eighth stage.

Fifty thousand kilograms… Xia Tengfei should also be at this level... Lin Yun fell into deep thought. Xia Tengfei stood no chance against his Dragon-Tiger Fist back then. Lin Yun continued to read and got to the introduction of the third stage. Lin Yun’s face changed as soon as he began reading.

The third stage would transform his body, causing him to shed his mortal flesh for the Dracophant Battle Physique. At that time, he would genuinely possess the strength of one cauldron. Fifty thousand kilograms was considered one cauldron, but that was only the entry-level standard. Genuine one cauldron strength would be accompanied by sacred music.

Lin Yun suddenly gained an insight. Although it was fifty thousand kilograms, Xia Tengfei wasn’t proficient at using his strength effectively. Xia Tengfei was too superficial, like the initial and lesser mastery of a sword technique. This meant that one cauldron’s worth of strength could also be classified differently.

It was only at this moment did Lin Yun realize his lack of understanding for body-refining martial techniques. For the Dracophant Battle Physique, he would only possess one cauldron’s worth of strength after reaching the third level.

The fourth level would cause dracophant energy to fill his body, allowing him to kill with his bare hands. He also wouldn’t have to fear ordinary cosmic artifacts. With his punch, he would manifest the dracophant and one cauldrons worth of strength. This meant having the ancient dracophant revolve around him.

As for the fifth stage, the Dracophant Battle Physique’s would reach greater mastery and that was when the speed of things would slow down.

The sixth stage naturally represented complete mastery and he would have to find a Heavenly Soul Realm demonic beast with ancient bloodline to refine. At the sixth stage, he would possess ten cauldrons worth of strength.

Lin Yun opened his eyes and frowned. The Dracophant Battle Physique was truly worthy of being the strongest body-refining martial technique in the Great Qin Empire, but it had a harsh requirement on comprehension and resources. After all, you would need the beast core of a Violet Palace Realm’s demonic beast to cultivate.

He simply couldn’t imagine how people cultivated this. The Primal Origin Sect shouldn’t be able to bear such huge exhaustion of resources. Lin Yun had no idea if there were any powerhouses in the Heavenly Soul Realm in the Great Qin Empire, but he knew that it was impossible to kill a demonic beast that possessed an ancient bloodline at that cultivation.

But then again, the Primal Origin Sect would’ve already dominated the Great Qin Empire if the Dracophant Battle Physique didn’t have such a harsh requirement. Lin Yun didn’t dare to think about the fifth and sixth stages. Instead, he felt hopeful for the fourth stage.

I have the Thunderblitz Battle Physique as my foundation, so none of the Primal Origin Sect’s disciples can compare to me. Furthermore, I also have 1,300 second-grade spiritual jades… Lin Yun then started to observe the dracophant painting in his mind while circulating the Iris Sword Sutra. Using a second-grade spiritual jade, Lin Yun began circulating his energy according to the Dracophant Battle Physique.

Three days later, after exhausting ten second-grade spiritual jades, Lin Yun finally managed to condense the first wisp of dracophant energy. His body felt like a volcano as violent energy surged within his body.

Lin Yun’s face changed and he carefully tempered his body with the dracophant energy. But a brief moment later, Lin Yun was filled with surprise because it wasn’t as difficult as described. It looks like his foundation was much stronger than ordinary people.

Lin Yun became bolder with his cultivation and took out a hundred second-grade spiritual jades to temper his body with the dracophant energy without any restraints.

Second-grade spiritual jades contained pure spiritual energy, so Lin Yun made a lot of progress as he continued to temper his body. It was smoother than he had imagined. In just five days, Lin Yun already reached the pinnacle of the first stage.

The Primal Origin Sect’s disciples had to be careful when practicing the Dracophant Battle Physique, but Lin Yun simply charged forward fearlessly. Lin Yun didn’t have any fluctuation in his emotions when he reached the pinnacle of the first stage. He would only possess fifty thousand kilograms after reaching the second stage like Xia Tengfei.

Because of his lofty goals, there was nothing to be happy about reaching the first stage. He had to at least reach the third stage to possess one cauldron’s worth of strength. Otherwise, it was nothing before the likes of Chu Haoyu.

Lin Yun’s physical body started to transform as he cultivated. He could feel every cell in his body being tempered - his skin, muscles, bones, and internal organs. Half a month passed without Lin Yun noticing and his transformation continued with the second-grade spiritual jades.

Suddenly, a loud beastial roar echoed from Lin Yun’s body that raised a gale around him. When Lin Yun opened his eyes, his pupils were filled with explosive power. Without signalling anything, Lin Yun soared into the sky like a wild beast and threw out a punch in the clouds.