Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 305 - Battle

“Clown? Hmph, you’ll soon figure out who’s the clown!” Han Zhengyang snorted when he heard Lin Yun’s words.

“Kill!” Xin Wuhen and Lu Hexuan both wore grave expressions as they charged at Lin Yun. Their origin energy exploded as three attacks sealed Lin Yun’s path.

However, Lin Yun did not panic. He used Shadowverse from the Seven Profound Steps and charged out like a bolt of lightning. He faced the three with his fists, blocking all their attacks.

“How is his origin energy so refined?” The Han Zhengyang trio wore an unsightly face. They were having a tough time dealing with Lin Yun’s fist. They wanted to break through Lin Yun’s defence, but Lin Yun’s Seven Profound Steps would leave after images all around to dodge their attacks.

The collision in the sky was like a brutal fight between two colossal beasts, which caused the entire Sword Tomb to tremble. The flames on the ground blazed even more violently after consuming the origin energy. Right now, Lin Yun was facing three members in the top ten of the Mortal Ranking all by himself.

“You guys want to compare fist techniques with me? Are you guys here to embarrass yourselves?” Lin Yun sneered at them. A dragon and tiger roar echoed from his body and he changed from defending to the attacking. In that split second, the tables turned around, with Han Zhengyang, Xin Wuhen, and Li Hexuan crying out bitterly.

After ten clashes, the trio had blood dripping from their lips and they were sent flying away. When they landed on the swords, the swords beneath their feet were swaying around. It took the three of them great difficulty to stabilize their balance. Their faces were unsightly since the three of them couldn’t take Lin Yun down.

“Senior Brother Jiang Feng, that person doesn’t seem easy to deal with,” said an Asura Alliance’s disciple.

This was also Jiang Feng’s first time seeing Lin Yun attack. A peculiar light flashed through his eyes. He said, “That brat’s Dragon-Tiger Fist is truly formidable, but no need to worry. This is just the appetizer. Han Zhengyang, Xin Wuhen, and Lu Hexuan are just testing his strength.”

“Let’s use our swords!” snorted Han Zhengyang. Xin Wuhen and Lu Hexuan drew their swords and their aura underwent a drastic transformation.

“Big Brother, watch out!” Li Wuyou yelled out. So it turns out that when the three drew their swords, someone would charge at Lin Yun. Then, Huo Donglai, ranked seventh on the Mortal Ranking, charged over.

Huo Donglai was sneering inwardly. Han Zhengyang, Xin Wuhen, and Lu Hexuan weren’t the only ones trying to kill Lin Yun. Since Lin Yun gave him the opportunity to approach, he couldn’t be blamed. Without giving Lin Yun any time to respond, Huo Donglai laughed, “Go down and be devoured by the flame! Thundercloud Slash!”

Huo Donglai’s sword intent transformed into thunderclouds and every swing from his sword carried lightning. With his cultivation in the late fifth stage of the Profound Martial Realm, Huo Donglai was truly worthy of being seventh on the Mortal Ranking. After all, he could bring out a lot of power from the Thundercloud Slash.

Even an inner disciple in the sixth stage would have a tough time handling his attack if they were caught by surprise. But Lin Yun wore a smile. Huo Donglai had timed it perfectly, but it was a pity that he was using it on the wrong opponent.

Lin Yun circulated the Dracophant Battle Physique and a deep roar echoed from his body. Ancient dracophant energy spread out on his body and Lin Yun threw a punch out while using Seven Punches in One Step from the Seven Profound Steps.

When Lin Yun took a step forward, saintly music sounded out and destroyed the thunderclouds. Huo Donglai also threw up a mouthful of blood and his face was drained. Then, he suddenly suffered the backlash from his sword intent. His body was like a falling leaf. But just when he was about to fall into the sea of flames, he stabbed his sword into the ground and bounced back up.

The Dracophant Battle Physique paired with the Seven Profound Steps was equivalent to throwing out seven punches at the same time. Even the Thundercloud Slash was a joke before the outburst.

“Dracophant energy!”

“That seems to be the Dracophant Battle Physique!”

“Damn it! Isn’t that the Primal Chaos Sect’s body-refining martial technique?”

Everyone was shocked when they recognized the Dracophant Battle Physique. That was the Great Qin Empire’s strongest body-refining martial technique, which required a high comprehension to practice. But Lin Yun’s punch was accompanied by saintly music, which meant that he had reached the third stage at the very least. Just the fact that Lin Yun managed to reach the third stage without anyone guiding him was horrifying.

“Falling Note Dance!”

“River Piercing Sun!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Crossing Ocean!”

Han Zhengyang, Xin Wuhen, and Lu Hexuan launched their attacks right away. The three of them had executed their strongest attacks, which seemed like pouring oil into the sea of flames as the flames blaze even more furiously.

Lin Yun only looked at the three of them with a faint smile. Using the Undying Vajra Seal with his left hand and Demon Vanquishing Seal with his right hand, Lin Yun wielded a dragon and tiger in each fist. At the same time, he circulated the Iris Sword Sutra and Dracophant Battle Physique.

Golden radiance dazzled from Lin Yun’s body as he slowly joined his hands together. This was his first attempt, but he was confident of doing it now that his Iris Sword Sutra reached the eighth stage.

“What’s he trying to do?” Jiang Feng’s eyebrows jumped. This brat is actually taking the risk to join two seals together? Is he courting death?

Even Ye Xiu opened his eyes as a solemn look flickered across his eyes. Chu Haoyu also frowned and looked surprised.

At this moment, everyone’s focus was on Lin Yun. Even the inner disciples couldn’t help turning to look at Lin Yun because the faint aura emitting from Lin Yun was too shocking.

“Die!” Han Zhengyang, Xin Wuhen, and Li Hexuan launched their attacks without any hesitation. But there was an invisible barrier covering Lin Yun that stopped the three swords.

Right at this moment, Lin Yun’s hands finally joined together. He then threw out a punch that erupted like a volcano. The power of two seals combining together instantly sent the trio flying.

The trio was throwing up blood in the air as they looked at Lin Yun with fear because Lin Yun didn’t intend to stop there. Tapping his feet on the sword he was standing on, Lin Yun became a golden crow that instantly reached Han Zhengyang.

When Han Zhengyang saw the cold light in Lin Yun’s eyes, he was both shocked and frightened. Out of desperation, he panicked and executed all the attacks he knew. However, Lin Yun merely clenched his fists together and threw out dozens of punches.

“No! Lin Yun, please! Let me go!” begged Han Zhengyang. He finally felt despair when he thought about the sea of flames.

However, Lin Yun simply responded with his fists, causing Han Zhengyang to fall into the sea of flames. Lin Yun then turned to look at Xin Wuhen and Li Hexuan who were still in mid-air. The two trembled and they immediately ran for their lives. But how could they be faster than Lin Yun.

With the Dragon-Tiger Fist’s Dragon Tail, Lin Yun threw out two punches and sent them into the sea of flames.

When Lin Yun landed on the sword again, it felt as if his aura had fused with the ancient sword. He looked domineering as his hair fluttered in the heat. At the same time, his voice roared, “This is for anyone who wants my head, come and get it!”