Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 313 - Strongest Confrontation

Sword intent rippled from the four of them, which made the entire Sword Tomb tremble as they resonated with the ancient swords on the ground.

“Seven Profound Steps—Golden Crow Wings!”

“Cloudrippling Steps—Eternal Steps!”

“Starfire Art—Great Dipper Steps!”

“Golden Vajra Art—Meteor Streak!”

Lin Yun spread his arms apart like a golden crow, which lifted his body in an outburst of golden brilliance. As for Chu Haoyu, he gently tapped the tip of his feet and left behind afterimages in the air. Chang Wu blazed in flames, releasing astral lights. As for Ye Xiu, he suddenly disappeared like a golden bolt of lightning.

Origin energy rippled from the four of them as they executed their strongest techniques towards the Scarletflame War Flag. Out of the movement techniques, Lin Yun had the advantage and was the first to grab on the war flag.

However, the three others weren’t any slower either. Just when Lin Yun grabbed onto the war flag, Chu Haoyu, Chang Wu, and Ye Xiu descended and grabbed at the war flag. When Lin Yun grabbed onto the war flag, he could feel the burning temperature coming from it as he gave it a pull and swung the flag in the air.

When Chu Haoyu, Chang Wu, and Ye Xiu missed the flag, they drew their swords instantly.

“Rising Cloud!”

“Burning Sun!”

“Undying Golden Ray!”

The three executed their strongest moves without any hesitation towards Lin Yun. Chu Haoyu’s sword intent manifested into a boundless sea of clouds, with a towering peak rising up. In Chu Haoyu’s hands, the complete mastery Cloudstun Sword reached perfection. His attack was filled with dominance.

On the other side, Chang Wu and Ye Xiu weren’t any worse off. Chang Wu’s sword blazed with flames as he swung it down. As for Ye Xiu, he was shrouded in golden brilliance and the bolts of lightning flashing from his sword were filled with oppressive murderous aura.

Their attacks caused a huge uproar as no one had expected that Chu Haoyu, Chang Wu, and Ye Xiu hadn’t fought with their full strength this whole time. But now that Lin Yun obtained the Scarletflame War Flag, they no longer held anything back and threw out their strongest attacks. Even the ancient swords plunged into the ground were trembling along as if they would leave the ground at any time.

“How terrifying…”

“Lin Yun shouldn’t have gone for the flag. After all, it will just make him the public enemy.”

“That’s right. The last one standing is the winner. Grabbing the flag doesn’t mean you win. After all, it doesn’t mean that no one will fight you for it.”

“He’s smart if he gives away the Scarletflame War Flag right now. After all, it’s impossible to bring out any power from the cosmic artifact without refining it. It’s just a hot potato.”

The spectators’ faces changed when they sensed the earth trembling. Even Lin Yun wore a grave expression. He was facing three elites and every single one of them were monsters. He knew that he would die today if he was careless. In fact, he didn’t have much odds of winning to go up against the three of them. But he also wasn’t willing to give up now.

Thoughts crossed through Lin Yun’s mind like bolts of lightning. As he tied the Scarletflame War Flag to his back, his eyes blazed with surging sword intent. He raised his head to face the three powerful attacks and there wasn’t the slightest trace of fear on his face.

On the contrary, his blood boiled as he charged over. It was something that no one had expected. Forming the Undying Vajra Seal and Demon Vanquishing Seal, Lin Yun combined them together to form the Vajra Vanquishing Seal.

A golden brilliance shined and boundless sword intent manifested into a colossal sword that emitted dominance. Lin Yun had nothing to fear with this sword. Even if a demon stood before him, he would vanquish the demon with this sword.

“The Vajra Vanquishing Seal?”

“That’s the real Vajra Vanquishing Seal? Holy shit, not only did he combine the seals together, but he even infused his sword intent into the seal perfectly!”

“That’s unbelievable! There are no traces of Buddhist insights in his Dragon-Tiger Fist.”

Lin Yun joined the seals together and threw his punch out. Along with a dragon roar and a tiger roar, his origin energy converted and acted dominantly, crashing down on them.

“Break!” roared Lin Yun. When the seal came crashing down, it slammed onto the peak created by Chu Haoyu. The explosion rippled across the Sword Tomb and it only took a split second for the peak to collapse with Chu Haoyu’s countenance drained of all color.

But Lin Yun didn’t stop there. His aura surged with crackling sounds coming from his bones when he pushed the Dracophant Battle Physique to the limits. His body expanded in size like an ancient beast filled with power.

With a dragon manifested on his left hand and a tiger on his right hand, Lin Yun executed the Dragon-Tiger Fist—Flying Dragon, Leaping Tiger. He faced Chang Wu and Ye Xiu’s swords head-on. The tiger on his right slammed onto Chang Wu, which made the latter groan out in pain and take several steps back. Due to that, the strength in his left was weakened and Ye Xiu wasn’t blown back when he faced it.

But just when Ye Xiu was about to step forward, Lin Yun spread his arms and pounced over like a golden crow. He barked, “Ye Xiu, take another punch from me!”

This time, Lin Yun executed Painting Dragon. An ink-like aura gathered around Lin Yun and formed into a dragon.

“You think I’ll be afraid of you?” Ye Xiu’s eyes flashed. He sheathed his sword and the golden images gathered upon him. This was the strongest body-refining martial technique of the Sword Firmament Pavilion, the Golden Vajra Seal, being pushed to the limits. With no intention of retreating, Ye Xiu threw out a punch and faced it head-on.

The two punches collided, which created an earth-shattering explosion that echoed in everyone’s ears. The surging aura also swept out and the ancient swords in the ground finally couldn’t hold on anymore and flew into the sky.

Lin Yun and Ye Xiu were evenly matched in this exchange, but Ye Xiu had given it his all while Lin Yun still held some strength back. Then, Lin Yun fused his sword intent, origin energy, and dracophant energy together to face Ye Xiu’s punch head-on.

An explosion occurred, which formed into a golden dazzling dragon that unfolded like a painting. When the painting unfolded, Ye Xiu finally couldn’t hold on anymore and was sent flying out, throwing up a mouthful of blood in the process.

“Scattering Clouds!”

“Blazing Sun!”

All of it happened in an instant. When Ye Xiu was blown away, Chu Haoyu and Chang Wu charged over with their swords. However, Lin Yun gently tapped the tip of his feet on the sword he was standing on. He turned into a sun and dodged their attacks.

But how could these two possibly give Lin Yun the chance to breathe? They didn’t wait for Lin Yun to land on the ground before they charged over once more. Lin Yun swung his fists out like swords empowered by the two seals’ remnant energy.

In just a ten-odd exchange, the golden brilliance shot over once more. It was Ye Xiu, who bolted over with the swords as his footing. As for Lin Yun, he was currently facing Chu Haoyu and Chang Wu. He couldn’t afford to be distracted.

“Lin Yun, take a punch of mine as well!”

“Get lost!” roared Lin Yun. His eyes were bloodshot. The Iris Sword Seal formed on the back of his hand and he used the Flicking Divine Finger—Graceful Moment, Absolute Hit. He flicked out a sword gleam from his finger, which struck Ye Xiu. Ye Xiu was sent flying away once more. He only kept his life thanks to the Golden Vajra Body. Without it, the sword gleam would’ve pierced right through him.

“Die!” Chu Haoyu and Chang Wu took advantage of Lin Yun’s split distraction and stabbed their swords into Lin Yun’s chest.

Lin Yun threw up a mouthful of blood. At the same time, a ferocious light flashed in his eyes and he barked, “You guys aren’t qualified to kill me!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Before their sword intent could pour into Lin Yun, Lin Yun’s fists rained out like bolts of lightning. Chang Wu and Chu Haoyu were sent flying away. When their swords left Lin Yun’s body, two geysers of blood sprayed out from Lin Yun’s chest.

“Again!” Chu Haoyu and Chang Wu did not want to give up on this opportunity and attacked once more.

“Eternal Cloud!”

“Fiery Cloud!”

The spectators exclaimed when Chu Haoyu and Chang Wu unleashed their attacks once more. They had already injured Lin Yun, so they didn’t want to give Lin Yun any opportunity to catch his breath.

Lin Yun coughed out a mouthful of blood, but his pale face flashed with resilience. His feet tapped on the sword and he constantly drew distance between them. When Lin Yun landed, the Flower Burial Sword shot out from his sword box. He grabbed onto the sword and swung it out.

Lin Yun was shrouded in petals, which made his figure look illusory. Chu Haoyu and Chang Wu both looked surprised, but they soon sneered. Lin Yun already had no path of retreat. There was no way he could dodge and he could only take their attacks head-on. Unfortunately for him, they were using their strongest attacks.

A domineering aura exploded out from Lin Yun when he faced Chang Wu and Chu Haoyu’s swords head-on. When Bai Ting saw this sword in the thunderclouds, his heart jumped. He nearly cursed out because he never expected that Lin Yun was actually able to fight back despite being forced into a dead-end.

“How can the Overlord Sword in lesser mastery possibly compete with the Cloudstun Sword in complete mastery?”