Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 479 - Surprising Scene

There was something bizarre about this situation. Lin Yun had finally guessed something. When demonic beasts reach the Violet Palace Realm, they would be denied by heaven and earth by going through a lightning tribulation. The more powerful their bloodline, the more powerful the tribulation.

The terrifying phenomenon meant that there was a Violet Palace Realm making a breakthrough into the Heavenly Soul Realm and it had succeeded eight times. This thought made Lin Yun’s face change. He couldn’t imagine how powerful that demonic beast was to undergo the tribulation nine times. At the very least, it must be an overlord demonic beast. It could also be a monarch demonic beast.

At the same level, demonic beasts were separated into four categories. Because of this, he couldn’t imagine how powerful an overlord demonic beast would be if it succeeded in its tribulation. After all, reaching the Heavenly Soul Realm was harder for demonic beasts than it was for human cultivators.

Lin Yun, who initially wanted to leave the Extermination Barrens, suddenly hesitated because he needed a Heavenly Soul Realm demonic beast’s beast core for the Dracophant Battle Physique to reach the pinnacle sixth stage. He had no idea how long he would have to wait if he missed this opportunity.

But even if the demonic beast was heavily injured from the tribulation, it still had the strength to kill him. Lin Yun knew that he would be dead if a demonic beast of that level wanted to kill him.

“Let’s go and take a look…” Lin Yun comforted Lil’ Red as they headed towards the lightning tribulation. He still couldn’t calm his boiling blood. After all, danger and crisis were always linked to strength.

Half an hour later, Lin Yun arrived in a place riddled with craters and cracks on the ground. He could imagine how terrifying the tribulation was judging from the destruction on the ground.

The thunderclouds dyed the sky dark and the pressure was suffocating. At the center of the ruins was a thousand meter tall mountain and the top of the mountain had a violet demonic wolf with flames on its forehead. It had a pair of emerald pupils and was covered with ancient purple runes that gave off a domineering aura. It turned out to be an overlord demonic beast, the Violet Flame Demonwolf. It also had a massive body with surging ferocity that surged in the air.

An azure figure quietly snuck into the ruins. That figure was naturally Lin Yun. He left Lil’ Red outside to keep watch for him while he snuck into the tribulation.

“It looks like there are many eyes on this Violet Flame Demonwolf…” Lin Yun could vaguely sense the powerful aura in the surroundings. They belonged to demonic beasts that were waiting for the Violet Flame Demonwolf to finish its tribulation.

The competition between demonic beasts was brutal, so there was no way other overlord demonic beasts would allow the Violet Flame Demonwolf to make it through the tribulation successfully. Lin Yun could sense that there were at least three Violet Palace Realm demonic beasts.

On the top of the mountain, the Violet Flame Demonwolf could also sense that there were many demonic beasts in the surroundings, but it didn’t have a choice. It had undergone eight tribulations, so it could only carry on. It continued waiting for the ninth tribulation because the Heavenly Soul Realm was too tempting.

“The tribulations alone are terrifying, not to mention that it needs to guard against fellow demonic beasts. It’s too hard for demonic beasts to reach the Heavenly Soul Realm,” sighed Lin Yun. Suddenly, lightning began to rumble and the ground started shaking. A terrifying aura was spreading out that released a trembling pressure.

“It’s starting!” Lin Yun narrowed his eyes into slits because the ninth tribulation was starting. Without any warning, a bolt of lightning descended from the sky like a ferocious beast.

The Violet Flame Demonwolf could only condense its origin aura to defend against this tribulation. But this was only the appetizer. The moment the first bolt of lightning descended, countless other bolts of lightning began to rain down as well.

“This…” Lin Yun was totally dumbfounded by this scene. The constantly descending bolts of lightning had formed a pillar of lightning that was a hundred meters thick. Under the pillar of lightning, the Violet Flame Demonwolf let out a berserk roar.

Lin Yun couldn’t describe this scene aside from the fact that it was grand. Facing heaven's rage, the Violet Flame Demonwolf was standing firm.

The aftermath of the lightning left terrifying craters on the ground. Lin Yun was lucky that he was far away. He couldn’t imagine how terrifying it would be if any of the lightning landed on him.

The first wave of lightning soon ended and the second wave began to brew. The lightning had coiled into a whip as it flew out of the clouds. It was as if someone was above the clouds and controlling the lightning.

When the second wave of lightning descended, the Violet Flame Demonwolf began to howl out once more. The pain was terrible, but it ultimately made it through the tribulation. But by coming this far, the Violet Flame Demonwolf was covered in wounds.

“A total of nine tribulations and nine waves in each tribulation. This means that the Violet Flame Demonwolf had to go through eighty-one waves of lightning…” commented Lin Yun. The Violet Flame Demonwolf probably had an ancient bloodline.

“This is only the third wave, but it will probably fail.” If it failed, then it wouldn’t be worth it for Lin Yun to take any risks. Unlike Lin Yun, the demonic beasts hiding in the surroundings would surely not let the Violet Flame Demonwolf go, even if it failed the tribulation. After all, the strong preying on the weak had always been the rule among demonic beasts. This was the outcome for demonic beasts who failed their tribulations.

Compared to the beginning, the Violet Flame Demonwolf’s aura had dwindled down after five waves. In the end, it had underestimated the terror of the tribulation. Just when the Violet Flame Demonwolf got back on its feet, it was slammed back into the ground by the lightning. But the Violet Flame Demonwolf merely struggled for a moment before it got back up on its feet.

“What’s that fellow doing?” Lin Yun locked his brows together because the Violet Flame Demonwolf had clearly failed. Was it going to persist through the tribulation? If it gave up now, it might survive the onslaught from the surrounding demonic beasts.

Suddenly, a bizarre scene appeared. Lightning continued to slam into the Violet Flame Demonwolf, but it would get up each time. It didn’t take long for the Violet Flame Demonwolf to be reduced to a skeleton with a pile of meat. Aside from the purple flame on its forehead, it was no different than a corpse.

“It’s finally down?” This time, the Violet Flame Demonwolf no longer got back up on its feet and at the same time, the thunderclouds began to dissipate. The pressuring aura finally disappeared.

“It still failed.” It was just as Lin Yun had guessed, the Violet Flame Demonwolf failed its tribulation. Lin Yun found it a pity because it might have survived if it left after the sixth wave. But the Violet Flame Demonwolf was too stubborn and refused to give up.

Roars rang out from the surroundings as the demonic beasts in the surroundings looked at the top of the mountain with greed in their eyes. The Violet Flame Demonwolf was down on its last breath. It was ironic, the Violet Flame Demonwolf wouldn’t be killed by the tribulation, but by its own kind instead.

Lin Yun shook his head and was prepared to leave. But right at this moment, a crimson bolt flashed past him. Lil’ Red bolted over just when the five Violet Palace Realm demonic beasts were about to reach the peak of the mountain.

This surprised Lin Yun because he had no idea what Lil’ Red was trying to do. It was too greedy. Although Lin Yun knew that it was trying to make a breakthrough into the Violet Palace Realm recently, this was still too dangerous. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

But Lin Yun soon noticed that something was wrong because Lil’ Red didn’t pounce on the Violet Flame Demonwolf’s body after reaching the peak of the mountain. Instead, it turned around and let out a roar at the five incoming demonic beasts. It was actually trying to protect the Violet Flame Demonwolf!