Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 537 - Seven Slaughtering Seal

Lin Yun quickly calmed down from his excitement of breaking through. He naturally knew that this wasn’t enough for him to shine in the Profound Yin Flower’s competition. As a quasi-overlord force, the Heavenly Province Academy’s foundation was much stronger than the Sword Firmament Pavilion.

Many core disciples could suppress the elders of the Sword Firmament Pavilion with their strength. Although those in the top ten wouldn’t appear in the competition, it wasn’t an excuse for Lin Yun to treat it lightly. After all, he knew that Yang Xiong wasn’t his only opponent because Lin Yun was an outsider.

A brief moment later, Lin Yun arrived at the practice room. The core disciple’s residence was well-equipped. The cultivating room had a Spiritual Convergence Array, while the practice room had a spacious field with puppets that he could train with. Something like this was unimaginable in the Sword Firmament Pavilion.

Lin Yun quickly took out the Seven Slaughtering Fist’s jade slip and placed it on his forehead. In the next second, boundless information began pouring into his mind. The first thing that appeared was a seal and the second was a monk clenching his right fist while his left hand made a special buddhist seal.

The seal was called the Buddhism Seven Slaughtering Seal, which represented seven different killing auras. The seal had a long history that originated from a buddhism powerhouse during ancient times.

Practicing the Seven Slaughtering Fist required learning the Seven Slaughtering Seal first. But Lin Yun was confused by the seven killing auras. He had never seen it before, but he started to grasp the concept when he continued reading. The seven killing auras represented seven different mentalities. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

For instance, six of the mentalities were as followed: the indifferent killing aura where you see your enemy as an ant, the gentle killing aura where you remained calm while killing your enemy, the shaking killing aura that was world-shaking, the hatred killing aura of extreme hatred to kill, the unbearable killing aura of killing when you could no longer bear it, and the benevolent killing aura that stops killing with killing.

The more Lin Yun pondered, he realized that all the killing aura in the world could be connected to these seven intents. Upon forming the Seven Slaughtering Seal, his killing aura would be boosted by seven-fold. Lin Yun was shocked when he saw it.

No wonder the Seven Slaughtering Fist was sealed by the academy. If an ordinary person were to practice this technique, they would run amok from the seven killing auras. Only a powerful monk could prevent himself from being affected by the killing aura.

Suddenly, the monk from the vision had opened his eyes. When the monk was forming a seal with his left hand, his killing aura began to surge. When the seal was formed, his killing aura was like a boundless ocean, while his eyes were terrifyingly calm.

His right fist gave off a suffocating pressure, which suddenly gave Lin Yun the feeling that it was difficult to breathe. It felt as though that fist could destroy everything. Lin Yun quickly removed the jade slip from his forehead and fell into deep thought. The killing aura was too terrifying and would devour him if he wasn’t careful. After all, there was a reason why this was a forbidden technique.

“No wonder Elder Yu has no intention of stopping me from taking this jade slip. She probably guessed that I wouldn’t dare to cultivate this technique,” smiled Lin Yun.

After all, he was an outsider. So how could Yu Mu possibly allow him to take such a powerful fist technique with him? But was he really not able to practice this technique?

Lin Yun had reluctance in his eyes as he walked around the place. But suddenly, his eyes lit up. He recalled how he replaced the buddhist might in the Dragon-Tiger Fist’s Demon Vanquishing Seal with his sword intent. He thought that he might be able to replicate that with the Seven Slaughtering Seal.

Since the monk could suppress the torrential killing aura with a compassionate heart, this also meant that he could try using his xiantian sword intent.At the end of the day, there was no harm trying. There was a reason why no one could learn this technique in the academy. After all, they might not have thought of using sword intent as a replacement. Then again, not many people could grasp the xiantian sword intent.

There weren’t many in the Nether Prefectural City that grasped the xiantian sword intent, not to mention that the Shattered Sword Pavilion and Profound Yang Palace also couldn’t obtain this Seven Slaughtering Fist. So if there was someone who could learn this Seven Slaughtering Fist, it would be him.

Lin Yun wasn’t in a rush to start learning the Seven Slaughtering Fist. He fell into deep thought as he pondered how he could suppress the killing aura with his xiantian sword intent.

A long time later, Lin Yun slowly opened his eyes with a smirk on his lips. He might not understand anything about Buddhism, but he had the heart of a swordsman that would press on no matter what happened. Without it, he wouldn’t be any different from others.

After making his mind, Lin Yun began to comprehend the Seven Slaughtering Seal. Lin Yun had a shocking comprehension and the Seven Slaughtering Seal recorded in the jade slip was also rather complete, so his cultivation was smooth. As he gradually went deeper, a boundless killing aura began to gather in his mind. At the same time, a powerful surge of uncontrollable killing aura began to spread out in his heart.

This level of the killing aura wasn’t something that Lin Yun could resist at his current stage. Lin Yun was calm and he wasn’t overwhelmed by it. The Iris Flower opened up beneath him as he began to release his xiantian sword intent.

The two different auras combined together in the next second. One was a torrential killing aura and the other was the crystal clear xiantian sword intent. The two intents clashing together and Lin Yun knew that he would be injured if this carried on.

His goal was to dissolve the killing aura, not suppress it. He controlled his xiantian sword intent and started to fuse it with the killing aura. The combination continued as time slowly passed.

Gradually, Lin Yun could sense that his killing aura connected with the seal he formed in his hand and his killing aura became smooth like water. This also meant that he succeeded halfway. As his left hand began to form another seal, the killing aura in his heart also started to change. He would fail if there was even a slight mistake.

The killing aura changed as the seal changed in Lin Yun’s hand. In the end, Lin Yun realized that his killing aura was completely controlled by his left hand, creating a crystal clear seal from the xiantian sword intent.

Right at this moment, his killing aura was purely killing aura. It had nothing to do with his heart since his heart as a swordsman wasn’t affected. When he slowly opened his eyes, he had successfully formed the Seven Slaughtering Seal. The entire practice room was enveloped by a boundless killing aura, but Lin Yun wasn’t affected by it.

With a slight movement of his left hand, the boundless killing aura disappeared. It felt like a ripple on the lake and Lin Yun came out from his current state. Lin Yun’s eyes were bright as the xiantian sword intent surged in the depths of his eyes. At the same time, his xiantian sword intent had also improved.

With just a glance, his gaze could send chills down the spine of others. He had unexpected joy because he made improvements in his xiantian sword intent.

Lin Yun raised his head. He looked at a mechanism puppet in the corner and a surge of his killing aura charged over. When the puppet sensed the chill, its eyes began to emit a crimson glow. At the same time, the aura in the greater Yin stage burst out from the puppet as it soared into the sky and landed on the stage.

It charged over without any hesitation. Its footsteps caused the entire stage to tremble. Lin Yun smiled at this scene as he formed a seal with his left hand. When he formed the seal, a boundless killing aura mixed with sword intent that made it difficult for the puppet to move.

When it had finally come over with great difficulty, Lin Yun smiled as he soared into the sky and threw out a punch. When his punch landed on the puppet, the puppet was reduced to dust.