Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 581 - Dustlight Sword Art

The sword technique recorded in the painting was terrifying, but there wasn’t any information on it. For instance, Lin Yun didn’t know its name or grade. Lin Yun speculated that the creator of this sword technique had a romantic relationship with the woman and created a sword technique based on poems.

This was just a piece of memory from the azure-clothed man. Perhaps to the azure-clothed man, the woman in the painting was more important than this sword technique. In fact, he might have done all of that with his sword as a means to remember her. But the sword technique he left behind was absolutely breathtaking.

“Let’s call this the Dustlight Sword Art for the time being…” Lin Yun muttered as he got the inspiration from the last phrase spoken by the azure-clothed man. As for its grade, Lin Yun couldn’t estimate it right now. The sword technique was too powerful and it didn’t help that the azure-clothed man could casually use it as he wished. But Lin Yun could compare it with the Overlord Sword.

Compared to the Overlord Sword, the Dustlight Sword Art placed an emphasis on the mood. For instance, the azure-clothed man unleashed a boundless domineering aura with a simple glance backwards. Lin Yun could sense that this sword technique could improve his heart greatly. Reaching the pinnacle of this technique, Lin Yun could even destroy a mountain with just a thought.

This was a technique that he had to practice as a whole to reach the appropriate power. As for the Overlord Sword, it was divided into several styles and would get more powerful with each move.

Lin Yun gathered his thoughts shortly after and looked at the painting with excitement. He had his guesses that this painting might contain the azure-clothed man’s thoughts and memories. According to Senior Hong, the man in the painting was the Southern Emperor.

But Lin Yun had never heard this name from anyone else aside from Senior Hong. There weren’t any traces left behind by this Southern Emperor.

“Perhaps it has to do with my scope and strength…” Lin Yun put the painting away and looked for a place to practice the Dustlight Sword Art. Clearly, this courtyard wasn’t appropriate.

Three days later, Spiritwood Peak was shrouded in a dense fog like it had been for many years. Many disciples would cultivate here in normal days, but they wouldn’t go too further inside as there were demonic beasts as well.

As the sun hung high in the sky, a golden glow in the fog created a dazzling rainbow. If a disciple was witnessing this scene, they would avoid it. It was the core of the Spiritwood Peak that was guarded by demonic beasts of the Yang and Yin-Yang stages. Not even elders dared to go in too deep.

Lin Yun was standing on a small hill as he carried the sword box behind him. This place might be dangerous, but it was a great place for Lin Yun to practice his sword.

His eyes flashed with his xiantian sword intent that was like an erupting volcano. He was looking at two demonic beasts fighting over a few thousand meters away. The two demonic beasts were in the Yang stage and they were both overlord demonic beasts. This meant that they had a strong sense for their territory and they would try to kill anyone who intruded.

Lin Yun was already used to such scenes, so there was no change in his expression. Right at this moment, a bark roared out and Lin Yun could sense that even the clouds were trembling as a silver hound covered with spikes on its upper body appeared. If he remembered correctly, this demonic beast was called the Ironbone Demonhound.

Because this demonic beast practically didn’t have any flesh with its skin sticking to its bones, it had a powerful defence that not even ordinary cosmic artifacts could damage. On the contrary, attacks would provoke its ferocity instead. Furthermore, this was a demonic beast that traveled in packs.

In the next second, a miserable howl rang out as the Ironbone Demonhound’s opponent was pierced in the chest with a spear. Shortly after, the Ironbone Demonhound bit on its opponent’s throat at lightning speed. With that, the outcome had been determined with the Ironbone Demonhound being the survivor. It was brutal, but demonic beasts have always practiced jungle rules.

As the Ironbone Demonhound gave off a victory howl, dozens of Ironbone Demonhounds appeared from the surroundings. They were all in the greater Yang stage, but they didn’t have the strength of an overlord beast. This meant that the silver Ironbone Demonhound that fought must be the alpha.

“To be able to kill a fellow overlord demonic beast so easily, you’re worthy to be my opponent,” muttered Lin Yun to himself. If someone else heard what he said, they would definitely laugh at him. A greater Yang stage demonic beast was terrifying enough, not to mention an overlord demonic beast. Even a monstrous genius in the greater Yang stage also wouldn’t dare to provoke such a demonic beast so casually.

Just when the Ironback Demonhounds were about to feast upon the dead demonic beast, Lin Yun descended from the sky. He was like a sharp sword as he dove down and landed firmly on the ground. In the next second, countless crimson eyes turned to look at Lin Yun as the hounds released a warning cry.

As for the silver Ironbone Demonhound, its eyes were flashing with bloodlust. But after going through a tough fight, the hound lowered its upper body with caution. Its intelligence was telling it that this youth wasn’t a pushover. However, if it couldn’t avoid a fight, then it had to kill its opponent as quickly as possible.

The silver Ironbone Demonhound didn’t move and under its instruction, dozens of Ironbone Demonhound barked ferociously. It was truly terrifying to face a group of greater Yang stage demonic beasts. Even the demonic aura that blew towards him felt like it could devour him.

But Lin Yun didn’t move as he allowed the demonic aura to envelop him. This surprised the silver Ironbone Demonhound because the torrential demonic aura didn’t even move Lin Yun’s hair. It swept a cold glance at Lin Yun before turning to look at the dead demonic beast with much reluctance. It didn’t want to give up on its trophy, but it appeared that it didn’t have a choice now.

But just when it turned around and was about to leave, it suddenly turned back and pounced over. The speed of this demonic beast was terrifying. It was like a silver bolt of lightning as it charged at Lin Yun with the dozens of Ironbone Demonhounds.

“Courting death!” Lin Yun drew his sword and his xiantian sword intent began to gush out of his eyes. When he swung his sword, the silver Ironbone Demonhound was blasted away faster than when it pounced at Lin Yun. When it hit the ground, it created a large crater.

But that wasn’t all as it bounced off the ground several times and flew for a few hundred meters. It only stopped flying after smashing into a colossal tree. Scarily, the force of the impact actually snapped the tree in half.

Seeing that the dozens of Ironbone Demonhounds took this opportunity to pounce on him, Lin Yun stomped his foot on the ground and soared into the sky.

Where do the flowers bloom!

A rose bloomed on the tip of his sword and the Flower Burial Sword moved like a dragon as it sent all the Ironbone Demonhounds flying away. His attack left deep gashes on their bodies and some of them even had several bones broken. When they fell onto the ground, they all mourned out in pain.

But before Lin Yun could sheath his sword, the silver Ironbone Demonhound disregarded its injuries and pounced at Lin Yun once more from a tricky angle. It was approaching from the blind spot for most swordsmen.

Where do I come from!

Lin Yun sneered as he stabbed his sword out backwards. In the next second, Lin Yun had disappeared and the rose on the tip of his sword suddenly exploded and formed a tornado. As the petals spiraled and formed a tornado, a buzzing sword noise came from it. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

In the next second, the silver Ironbone Demonhound was knocked flying away with countless injuries inflicted on its body.

The endless mountain and lake; the crisping leaves and wind!

Before the hound landed on the ground, a breeze blew past and a sword ray flew over. Whenever the sword ray moved, a piece of the silver Ironbone Demonhound’s bone would be sliced off.

Drifting flowers like dreams, and sorrow like fine rain!

No one possesses everything in this world, and I shall give the lord a white lily!

Lin Yun’s sword aura changed once again as the petals danced and drifted with the fine drizzling rain. It constantly sliced the hound’s bone off like wood shavings. In the next second, the overlord Ironbone Demonhound was erased from existence. All that was left were the bone shavings still floating in the air. But when a domineering aura spread out, the bone shavings were instantly reduced to ashes.

When the dozens of Ironbone Demonhounds got back on their feet, they were terrified to see their alpha being erased from existence. Shortly after, they were like rabbid hounds as they pounced at Lin Yun.

I come from heaven!

Lin Yun’s figure suddenly appeared as he swung his sword, severing five Ironbone Demonhounds that were in his path in half.

The flower blooms in my hand!

Lin Yun plunged his sword into the ground and he opened his hand. A flower bud appeared in his hand and slowly bloomed. When that happened, Lin Yun’s sword intent began to rise so sharply that even the ground started to tremble. This frightened the Ironbone Demonhounds so much that they quickly turned and ran.

“A speck of dust shines through the mountain and river!” Lin Yun roared as his sword aura began to shine brightly like a sun in his palm. When it reached the limit, it suddenly exploded and everything within a five thousand meter radius was reduced to ashes.