Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 688 - Sword Sect’s Secret Realm

Not long after Ouyang Hao returned, a huge commotion broke out in Skymound City as another one of the seven geniuses had returned. This time it was Gu Yang, the direct descendant of Skymound City Gu Clan. When he heard how the geniuses were humiliated by Lin Yun, he declared that Lin Yun had to die.

The geniuses in Skymound City all became excited when they heard that these two geniuses wanted Lin Yun’s life. So they began spreading rumors that Lin Yun would die if he returned and they were convinced that he wouldn’t show up in Skymound City anymore.

But not long after the two geniuses gave their words, more geniuses returned. Jin Zhan and Jin Yi of the Jin Clan along with the Qin Clan’s Qin Xu had finally returned. This brought the uproar in Skymound City to a whole new level.

After all, the seven strongest geniuses were famous figures even in the Thunder Prefecture and they were known to have a spot among the inner ranking at the upcoming Draconic Banquet. After all, they had reached the greater Yin-Yang stage a long time ago.

They left Skymound City to travel around and gain experience. But everyone was shocked that five of them had returned together and they knew that it was impossible for them to be back for Lin Yun. After all, none of them feel that Lin Yun was worthy of such a huge commotion.

In the eyes of Skymound City’s geniuses, Lin Yun might be arrogant, but there was no way he could make the five of the seven strongest geniuses rush back. So this meant that there must be another reason.

One month later, the Indigomoon Elysium, Northern Snow Manor, and Heavenly Demon Pavilion’s elders gathered in Skymound City to recruit disciples. When the news came out, it created an even larger commotion. After all, the Draconic Banquet would start in less than half a year, so if they could receive the guidance of a Heavenly Soul Realm elder, their strength would greatly increase.

After all, these elders were at least in the three souls of the Heavenly Soul Realm. If they were talented enough, they could even receive the personal guidance of an elder in the seventh soul Heavenly Soul Realm.

Heavenly Soul Realm experts were also known as venerables. Most of them were busy cultivating in hopes of making a breakthrough, so they were rarely seen as time was extremely important. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

If the Draconic Banquet wasn’t so important to the various sects, none of the venerables would waste a few months to guide someone. So everyone understood why five of the seven strongest geniuses rushed back. After all, none of them lacked resources and they had the qualifications to be a core disciples of an overlord force. But it was another question if they could receive the personal guidance of a powerful Heavenly Soul Realm expert.

If they could receive the guidance of a seventh soul Heavenly Soul Realm expert, they would definitely be able to make swift progress. If one was lucky, they might be able to make a breakthrough within the next few months.

The Thunder Prefecture was a prefecture with the most geniuses and it wasn’t what the other prefectures could be compared to. There were rumors that the various overlord forces would recruit in the various major cities.

But most geniuses were aloof and an ordinary overlord force wouldn’t catch their attention. But the Indigomoon Elysium was the strongest overlord force and then there was also the Heavenly Demon Pavilion and Northern Snow Manor.

Although those two overlord forces were weaker than the Indigomoon Elysium, they were still stronger than the other overlord forces like the Profound Yang Palace. So one could imagine how attractive it was for three overlord forces to be gathered in the Skymound City. So everyone began to wonder when Chen Ziyu or Chu Muyan would return.

They were the remaining two of the seven geniuses and they were also the strongest among the seven. There were rumors that they had defeated Xiang Tianhe two years ago. In Chu Muyan’s case, it was confirmed. After he defeated Xiang Tianhe, he left with his spear to challenge Nangong Wanyu.

Nangong Wanyu was known to have the strongest talent as a swordsman since he comprehended the xiantian sword intent before he even reached the Violet Palace Realm. At the previous Draconic Banquet, he was even ranked in the top ten. Now that many years had passed, he naturally grew even stronger.

There was no question that Nangong Wanyu defeated Chu Muyan. But even so, Chu Muyan took thirty-two swords from Nangong Wanyu before he was defeated, which caused an uproar. Many people challenged Nangong Wanyu over the years and each person could be proud if they were able to take one of his attacks and live.

Those who could take ten of his swords were rare, but Chu Muyan managed to withstand thirty-two attacks. This made his reputation soar and he also received high prestige in Skymound City. As for Chen Ziyu, he wasn’t any inferior to Chu Muyan, but he had always kept a low profile. Every time he fought, he was rarely defeated.

He was the direct descendant of the Skymound City’s Chen Clan and it was said that even the geniuses from the main clan couldn’t be compared to him. Back then, when he fought Xiang Tianhe, it was said that he defeated Xiang Tianhe in ten moves. But no one spoke about that battle, so it was still a mystery.

Compared to Chu Muyan, Chen Ziyu gave off an even more innate feeling. But no one dared to underestimate him because he made Jin Zhan and Jin Yi suffer greatly when they offended him. When news of this matter got out, many people were shocked because they realized that there was another person comparable to Chu Muyan.

Now that five of the seven geniuses had returned, many people wondered when Chen Ziyu and Chu Muyan would return. After all, there was no need to test their talent. So even if they returned, it would only be a formality.

Just when everyone was discussing among themselves, a piece of news caused a huge uproar because someone saw Chu Muyan and Chen Ziyu try to pay Qing Ruoyou a visit. However, they were both rejected and their faces were ugly when they left.They also had a killing aura lingering between their brows.

This had shocked everyone before they realized that the two had returned long ago. However, they were acting even more low profile than the other geniuses, which meant that all seven geniuses had returned.

It had been a long time since Skymound City was so busy and the occasional return of one of them was enough to stir up a huge commotion. Now that all seven of them had returned, the uproar was huge.

But Qing Ruoyou rejecting Chen Ziyu and Chu Muyan was like a dark cloud that loomed over everyone’s hearts. There was naturally nothing to say because everyone knew the reason for this. It was because Lin Yun had seized the Divine Indigo Radiantstone.

The Falling Aquatic Mountain was a spiritual mountain in the Falling Aquatic Residence and there were rumors that the owner of the Falling Aquatic Residence resided at the top of the mountain. But no one could confirm the rumors as even someone like Qing Ruoyou could only reside at the waist of the mountain.

She had gone into seclusion and rejected everyone’s visit. Someone had guessed that Qing Ruoyou was unhappy with Skymound City and the reason she stayed around was that she wanted a better outcome. She probably couldn’t swallow her humiliation.

At this moment, everyone knew that Lin Yun was finished. Although Chen Ziyu and Chu Muyan didn’t declare that they would kill Lin Yun, no one could describe how frightening their faces were when they left. Anyone could sense the calm before the storm.

Even Chu Muyan and Chen Ziyu were after Lin Yun, and their rage could shake Skymound City in its entirety. The rage of the seven geniuses shrouded Skymound City with dark clouds.

But the silence only lasted for three days before a brilliant sword ray soared into the sky, wanting to pierce a hole in the cloud. No one in Skymound City was a stranger to this as it was a phenomenon that the Sword Sect’s Secret Realm was opening.

After all, the Thunder Prefecture was built on top of the Sword Sect and Skymound Mountain was one of the seven peaks of the sword sect. This was why the Sword Sect’s Secret Realm would occasionally appear and it was a great opportunity for everyone present.

Simultaneously, the secret realm was also the reason why the spiritual energy in Thunder Prefecture was much higher. This instantly exploded the entire Skymound City as all seven of the geniuses were coincidentally here.

At Flamedragon Hill, Lin Yun opened his eyes to look at the shocking phenomenon with his eyes shining brightly.