Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 709 - Beating Up Ouyang Hao

“Is that really Lin Yun?” Looking at Skymound City’s geniuses cheering, Yang Fan, Guo Xu and the experts that weren’t from Skymound City had dark expressions. Although they had prepared themselves since there was a gap between Lin Yun and the seven geniuses, they still had hope for him.

After all, they were all bullied in this secret realm. Not only by the seven geniuses, but also Skymound City’s geniuses. In the end, they could only hide in remote areas to search for their opportunities. So they naturally hope that Lin Yun could take revenge for them. But it appears that their hope had gone down the drain.

Locking his brows together, Guo Xu muttered, “Not good. Brother Lin is probably doomed.”

Beside him, Yang Fan also spoke, “Ouyang Hao is the first to declare that he’ll kill Lin Yun. He won’t kill Lin Yun so easily.”

The two of them might be geniuses on the outer rankings, but they were also having a bad time in the secret realm. The two were acquaintances with Lin Yun, so they naturally didn’t hope for Lin Yun to die. As they sighed, their faces didn’t look good.

“He’s out!”

“He’s coming out!” Skymound City’s geniuses cheered when the figure flying out of the mountain covered in mist got closer.

“Tsk tsk, why is time passing so slowly…”

“Quick, quick, quick! Why is this bastard so slow?”

“I can’t wait to see his pathetic state.” The crowd was anxious to see Lin Yun. Then, in front of the entire ground, the figure landed on the ground. The impact was so great that it caused a huge explosion of dust.

“What power!”

“Holy shit, this is too terrifying.”

“Is this the power of the seven geniuses? Ouyang Hao is actually so terrifying!”

“I bet the sword slave is barely alive right now.”

“Haha, this is satisfying!” Skymound City’s geniuses cheered. They couldn’t look at the person who fell clearly since he was covered by the dust cloud, but they heard him coughing several times.

“You deserve it!” No one took pity on ‘Lin Yun.’ But suddenly, a golden light flew out of the mountain. The figure was so fast that it tore the mist apart, like a sword ray streaking across the ocean.

“Young Master Ouyang is here!”

“Ouyang Hao is finally out!” The indifference on everyone’s faces disappeared as they revealed a fawning smile, waiting for ‘Ouyang Hao’ to return. Under everyone’s cheers, the figure finally landed before them.

That figure was donned in azure clothes with pearly white skin, emitting an extraordinary temperament. He was like an untainted azure lotus with the striking purple mark on his forehead. His face was practically engraved in the minds of everyone, so no one could forget this face. He was naturally Flower Burial Lin Yun.

“H-h-how is this possible?!”

“This is impossible! How can it be Lin Yun? Where’s Young Master Ouyang?”

“Damn it, my eyes must be fooling me.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Everyone was dumbfounded and their mouths were wide open because they were expecting Ouyang Hao. They couldn’t believe that it was really Lin Yun standing before them.

An awkward atmosphere permeated the surroundings and the crowd felt their cheeks burn. It felt as though they had slapped themselves a dozen times.

“Haha, it’s Lin Yun!”

“It’s really Lin Yun! This fellow is heaven-defying, even when facing the seven geniuses of Skymound City!” A brief moment later, Guo Xu, Yang Fan, and the geniuses who weren’t from Skymound City rejoiced.

“Where’s Ouyang Hao?” The faces of Skymound City’s geniuses were ugly and they began to feel uneasy when they looked back at the cloud of dust. After the cloud of dust dissipated, Ouyang Hao’s figure was revealed. He was covered in blood with half of his face swollen.

“This…”

“This is impossible!”

“How can he possibly be Young Master Ouyang?!” Everyone’s lips twitched as the person they were mocking actually turned out to be Ouyang Hao. Right at this moment, everyone’s hearts dropped.

“Lin Yun, I’ll tear you apart today!” Ouyang Hao roared as he charged forward with his spear. The tip of his spear and his surroundings emitted a crimson radiance, which caused the entire mountain to start trembling. His attack was extremely terrifying and many of Symound City’s geniuses had hope when they saw this.

“Great timing!” Lin Yun smiled as Ouyang Hao’s strength was worthy enough for him to draw his sword. Although he caught Ouyang Hao by surprise earlier, it wasn’t satisfying enough. He wanted to suppress Ouyang Hao head-on.

He caught everyone by surprise as he threw a punch. When his punch collided with the spear, the shockwave caused cracks to spread out beneath him and many of the surrounding rocks were reduced to ashes.

Without any changes on Lin Yun and Ouyang Hao’s faces, they continued to clash as they exchanged over a dozen moves in the blink of an eye. Sensing the shockwave within his body creating cracks on his internal organs, Ouyang Hao had shock writtened on his face, “H-how is this possible?!”

Lin Yun’s punches had actually suppressed him fully and there was nothing he could do no matter how he circulated the Skycloud Art. Cracks even started to appear on his spear ray as if it was about to collapse.

“Is this the capability of the seven geniuses? I’m only just starting to warm up though!” Lin Yun sneered. The Iris Flower within him emitted a dazzling radiance as he poured his origin energy into his fist. Simultaneously, the Azure Dragon Mark lit up as eleven dragon runes entered his fist.

This time, his punch was one fold more powerful than before. Even before Lin Yun’s punch reached Ouyang Hao, the aura from the punch pushed Ouyang Hao backwards.

When Ouyang Hao landed on the ground, he discovered that he was entirely enveloped by Lin Yun’s aura.

“Damn it!” Ouyang Hao cursed as he never expected that he would be forced into such desperate straits. As a dazzling radiance exploded from his spear, he soared into the sky. This attack wasn’t simple as it gave off a feeling that it could pierce the sky.

But Lin Yun’s fist was too terrifying as it combined eleven lightning dragons terrifying sword intent.

Behind Lin Yun, the sky was filled with the boundless aura of an Azure Dragon and the xiantian sword intent at complete mastery. This was the sky that Ouyang Hao would never be able to break.