Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 719 - Absolute Death Situation!

After taking advantage of the Demonification Tree’s pressure, Lin Yun was gasping for air. His forehead was covered in sweat after using his strongest move. Clearly, this attack had exhausted him greatly.

Everyone that witnessed this scene was shocked. All of the geniuses and demonic cultivators were knocked down by Lin Yun, who relied on his own power to suppress everyone.

Under the crowd’s watchful eyes, Lin Yun turned around and headed for the last Demonification Fruit. His gaze was still firm and he moved without hesitation. He came here for the Demonification Fruit, for himself and Lil’ Red. And once he made up his mind, he would never cower.

“This…”

“He’s really courting death to take the Demonification Fruit!” Everyone was in disbelief as they watched Lin Yun.

As the crimson mist began to dissipate, everyone could see the vitality around Lin Yun fading away at a visible speed. This Demonification Fruit was too terrifying and it had killed many people. Earlier, many demonic cultivators were drained of their vitality before they could even get close.

Lin Yun was shrivelling at a visible speed, with his eyes caving in and his figure becoming slim. But Lin Yun calmly approached the Demonification Fruit even though his vitality was fading away.

With every step he took, his body shriveled up even more. But Lin Yun was analyzing the situation calmly in his heart. After all, he had more vitality compared to those demonic cultivators due to his Azure Dragon Battle Physique.

If it was only to this degree, then Lin Yun was confident he could obtain the Demonification Fruit. He only had to worry if the vitality draining suddenly increased when he was closer. So, he was taking a gamble with every step. If he lost the gamble, then he would have to pay the price with his life.

Lin Yun’s black pupils lit up because Lil’ Red never considered its death every time it risked its life to obtain fruits for him. Since that was the case, why should he think about it? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Lin Yun suddenly sped up as he charged towards the Demonification Fruit. He was under great pressure with every step he took. His clothes also became baggier as his body continued to shrivel. When he took the last step, all that was left of him was his skin hanging from his bones. The Demonification Fruit’s crimson radiance wanted to devour him.

Seeing that he had shrivelled down to a bag of bones, Lin Yun finally activated his trump card by triggering the Azure Dragon Mark on his chest. As his heart throbbed, it became like an active volcano. A dragon roar echoed out from within his body and he grabbed onto the Demonification Fruit.

When he came in contact with the fruit, boundless vitality came pouring into his body. His shrivelled body was recovering so fast that he reached his pinnacle in the blink of an eye. He was even shrouded in a crimson mist from the excess vitality. With all the extra vitality, the Azure Dragon Enneaform was even able to refine the crimson aura.

Soon, the dragon runes grew from eleven to sixteen. Knowing how terrifying the dragon runes were, Lin Yun couldn’t help being shocked. If he could refine all of it entirely, he couldn’t imagine the benefits that the Demonification Fruit would bring him. At this moment, he was confident that he could break through his bottleneck by refining it.

Simultaneously, the Demonification Tree began to shrivel after the last Demonification Fruit was taken and the torrential pressure began to dissipate. The next time it awakened would be in nine hundred years. This opportunity was once in a millennium and Lin Yun was the biggest winner.

Several weaker wandering cultivators were reduced to meat paste when they fell down with sword intent and lightning flickering on the meat paste. This was the outcome of receiving Lin Yun’s Big Bang and the Demonification Tree’s pressure head-on. None of this was surprising.

Even those as powerful as the likes of Chen Ziyu were staggering when they got back up while they tried to recover from their injuries with medicine. When they raised their heads to look at Lin Yun, their eyes were flashing with a terrifying killing aura.

But after Lin Yun obtained the Demonification Fruit, he spread his arms apart and left. He had become the biggest winner, so there was no need for him to search the secret realm anymore.

“Damn it!” Qin Xu and the rest could only watch as Lin Yun left due to their heavy injuries. Some of them wanted to chase after him, but there was nothing they could do about it.

“Don’t bother chasing him. He’s already a dead person. We’ll take his life after we recover from our injuries,” said Chen Ziyu as he didn’t seem to place this loss in his heart.

“That’s right. We have to leave in the end, so we can just stand guard outside the secret realm,” said Gu Yang while he coughed.

Secret realms would appear from time to time in Skymound City’s territory and the seven geniuses had a great understanding of them. So they naturally had the means to destroy the secret realm and could leave at any time. Chen Ziyu and Chu Muyan remained silent since they weren’t concerned that Lin Yun would run far.

A few hours later, Lin Yun appeared at the entrance of the secret realm. He had pushed the Seven Profound Steps to the limit and the journey was a dangerous one with all the people pursuing him. At this moment, his azure clothes were dyed red. He had also exhausted a lot of his origin energy along the way. But even so, his eyes were shining brightly like two gems.

I’m finally out. I have a total of three Demonification Fruits. I can leave the most precious one to Lil’ Red and refine the other two for myself. It should be enough for me to make a breakthrough. Lin Yun fell into deep thoughts as he looked at the surroundings. He could see a crimson bolt coming his way. It was Lil’ Red who had been waiting for him.

“It’s time to go,” smiled Lin Yun. He knew that this place wasn’t safe, so it was best for him to leave now. But suddenly, he locked his brows together as the surrounding was unusually quiet.

When a figure appeared within his vision, his eyes flashed coldly. Ouyang Hao, who he had defeated before his dominance at the Demonification Tree, was finally back, “Him…”

He had only survived because the Skycloud Sect’s elders hindered Lin Yun. Otherwise, there was no way he would have escaped.

“Sword slave, you should remember what I said. Your life no longer belongs to you!” Ouyang Hao said with his gaze frighteningly cold.

Lin Yun then unleashed the Azure Dragon’s aura and looked at Ouyang Hao coldly.

“How terrifying!” Ouyang Hao smiled mockingly when he saw Lin Yun’s gaze.

Lil’ Red was also unleashing its aura, but Lin Yun patted it gently to comfort it. He could sense that this matter wasn’t this simple. Ouyang Hao must have something to rely on or he would just be courting death to appear before him.

The smile on Ouyang Hao’s face grew even denser before his expression suddenly became dark. He roared, “You have no idea that you’re already dead. Kneel!”

Right at this moment, Lin Yun felt an unprecedented fear as he raised his head. His face instantly changed as he sensed a spatial fluctuation descending from the sky to restrict him. Along with the spatial fluctuation, there was also an old man standing above it. That old man was an expert in the quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm.

“The Profound Note Bell!” Lin Yun instantly recognized the item falling down. Wasn’t the bell already destroyed? Then, Lin Yun realized that this was the real secret artifact while the one he destroyed was a replica. This meant that the Chen Clan actually went to the main clan to retrieve this bell.

It appears that he had underestimated how shameless these people were. It was a conflict between the younger generation, but they actually resorted to such means and even invited a quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm expert over.

“Leave first,” said Lin Yun as he pushed Lil’ Red away. As soon as he pushed Lil’ Red out of the way, the bell descended and a fluctuation rippled through his internal organs. This instantly made his face turn pale.

Lil’ Red was startled before it charged towards Lin Yun, but the ancient runes on the bell knocked it back.

Lin Yun’s face was dark as he looked at the old man with a killing aura flashing in his eyes. This quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm expert was the one who controlled the Profound Note Bell.

Right at this moment, a spatial ripple fluctuated with Chen Ziyu, Chu Muyan, Qin Xu, and the rest appearing behind Ouyang Hao. All of them still had blood on their faces. Clearly, they hadn’t recovered from their injuries yet.

When Qin Xu, Gu Yang, and the Jin brothers saw Lin Yun being suppressed by the Profound Note Bell, their faces changed. They then turned to Chu Muyan and Chen Ziyu before they understood that those two already had everything prepared. In that split second, their backs were covered in sweat because Chu Muyan and Chen Ziyu’s scheme was a little too terrifying.

“You’re the reason why Brother Chen and I couldn’t meet Her Highness Ruoyou. Did you really think you could live? This secret realm is a trap that we planned for you. As long as you dared to show up, no one would be able to save you,” said Chu Muyan coldly.

“You didn’t appreciate our goodwill earlier and even challenged us. Who do you think you are to compete with us? I won’t even take a glance at you if you kneel before me!” Chen Ziyu acted conceited seeing that victory was in his hands. Arrogantly, he looked down on Lin Yun.