Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 722 - Breakthrough

The news of Lin Yun getting killed caused a huge splash throughout Skymound City. It was like a meteor had crashed into a lake and raised a huge wave. Everyone in Skymound City knew Lin Yun’s name and his reputation almost matched the seven geniuses.

His appearance in the Death Auction was the start of everyone’s nightmare. There, he defeated the geniuses from various clans in Skymound City. Everyone thought Lin Yun would no longer dare to show himself, but news soon came that he killed a greater Yin-Yang stage expert. At that moment, all the faces of Skymound City’s geniuses were swollen and all of them wanted to vomit blood.

But that wasn’t all because Lin Yun dared to appear in the secret realm. In front of everyone, he killed Xiang Tianhe, a genius on the inner ranking, along with Skycloud Sect’s Lu Tong.

Then, in the secret realm, he defeated Ouyang Hao and forced the latter to escape. Later in the Demonification Fruit competition, he stood above the geniuses and looked down on them from the very top. Most importantly, he actually managed to obtain the most precious Demonification Fruit.

But just like that, a genius like him was killed. According to the various clans, he was defeated by Chen Ziyu in just three moves. Unfortunately, Lin Yun wasn’t willing to beg for forgiveness, so he was mercilessly killed. Under the exaggeration of the various clans and Skymound City’s disciples, Chen Ziyu’s reputation grew even further.

They all said that Lin Yun was arrogant to think that he could sweep through the Skymound City’s geniuses. In the end, he was defeated by Chen Ziyu’s pinnacle Yin-Yang stage cultivation and frost intent. This made everyone in Skymound City cheer happily as they mocked Lin Yun.

On one night, someone saw Qing Ruoyou along with the core disciples of Indigomoon Elysium receive Chen Ziyu and Chu Muyan. This made the rumours of Chen Ziyu killing Lin Yun in three moves even more believable. Simultaneously, another bit of news was going around that Lin Yun was dead, but that he wasn’t defeated by Chen Ziyu in three moves.

According to this news, the Chen Clan brought their secret artifact over from the main clan along with a quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm expert who refined Lin Yun to death with the Profound Note Bell. In the end, the Profound Note Bell exploded and caused terrifying destruction. After all, there were many people who came out of the secret realm at that time, and many of them saw the truth with their eyes.

But it was soon refuted by the Chen Clan’s seniors, saying that the explosion was caused by Lin Yun himself and that it was complete bullshit that they brought the Profound Note Bell. In the end, they guaranteed that Lin Yun was killed by Chen Ziyu in three moves. For those that still dared to spread rumors, they were killed by the Chen Clan. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Skymound City’s geniuses also didn’t believe it, claiming that Chen Ziyu was already giving Lin Yun’s face by using three moves. Gradually, there was only one version of the story left. Someone even boasted that Chen Ziyu wanted to spare Lin Yun’s life, but Lin Yun was killed because he refused to hand over the Divine Indigo Radiantstone.

In the end, everyone made fun of Lin Yun. They claimed that he wanted to attract Qing Ruoyou’s attention, but Skymound City wasn’t a place where a sword slave like him could mess around.

Three days later in a massive mountain range, an azure-clothed youth was seated with his legs crossed. His eyes were sharp and his pupils radiated with boundless hatred, but there was a calm look to him. Next to him was a crimson cocoon that looked like a dragon egg.

It turned out that Lin Yun had been seated here for the past three days. He was replaying the scenes of what happened three days ago in his mind.

Their shameless faces would pop into Lin Yun’s head and his gaze would turn terrifyingly cold before looking at the crimson cocoon.

“Don’t worry about it. I’ll take revenge for you,” muttered Lin Yun in a cold voice.

He sat for the past three days to calm the rage and hatred in his heart. He knew that the rage and hatred wouldn’t help him. Given his temperament, it was terrifying that he couldn’t placate his rage even after spending three days.

“I should make my breakthrough first. At that time, none of the seven geniuses will be able to escape,” said Lin Yun with a darkened face. He knew that he should make a breakthrough first. Otherwise, there was no way he could confront someone in the quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm.

The moment he made a breakthrough, his strength would soar. With the Iris Sword Sutra, he was confident that he could suppress the likes of Chen Ziyu after reaching the Yin-Yang stage. At that point, he would be able to awaken the innate talent from his martial souls, the Aurora Dragon and Qiongqi.

He had reached a bottleneck with the Overlord Sword, Flicking Divine Finger, Azure Dragon Enneaform, Great Wind Scripture, and Dustlight Sword Art. So, he needed to reach the Yin-Yang stage to make a breakthrough.

Gently tapping his interspatial pouch, Lin Yun retrieved both of the Heavenly Astral Pearls. The pearls emitted a torrential spiritual aura and was enveloped in terrifying energy.

Iris Sword Sutra! With a thought, an Iris Flower began to bloom beneath Lin Yun. As he circulated the Iris Sword Sutra, boundless astral energy began to pour into his body. Even the dragon runes on the surface of his body began to squirm.

He was in the pinnacle Yang stage and this was more than enough for him to make a breakthrough if he was someone else. But he couldn’t because his foundation was too sturdy. After all, he could fight those in the Yin-Yang stage while he was only in the Yang stage. He knew better than anyone that his origin energy produced by the Iris Sword Sutra wasn’t something that others could compare to, even the so-called seven geniuses.

His origin energy was too terrifying, which was why it was so hard for him to make a breakthrough. If he failed, the consequences would be dire. So, he couldn’t be reckless. But with the two Heavenly Astral Pearl and two Demonification Fruits, he could finally give it a try.

With the burning rage in his heart, he had no choice but to take the risk. As boundless astral energy poured into his body, Lin Yun could feel his body heating up. The ground instantly turned red from all the heat.

Under the heat, steam even began to rise from the lake not far away. He was absorbing too much astral energy, far exceeding his peers. His body was like a furnace as the heat could make the entire lake evaporate.

Sensing the heat in his body, Lin Yun didn’t panic as he had already expected this. It would be weird if there was no phenomenon after refining two Heavenly Astral Pearls. As the heat he was giving off continued to increase, the squirming dragon runes emitted a bright light.

Azure Dragon Battle Physique! Lin Yun wouldn’t dare to be so bold to refine two Heavenly Astral Pearl if he didn’t have the Azure Dragon Enneaform. The Heavenly Astral Pearl was a treasure that even a Heavenly Soul Realm expert had to refine carefully.

But it was used by Lin Yun to make a breakthrough to the Yin-Yang stage. So one could imagine how terrifying his bottleneck was. As time continued to pass, pure energy began to flow into Lin Yun’s body before separating into origin energy of two different attributes in his violet palace. Later, a brilliant sword ray echoed out from within his body.

In the blink of an eye, two days had passed. Under the astral energy, his Yin and Yang attributed origin energy began to merge together. But judging from this speed, it was impossible to tell how long Lin Yun would take.

As time continued to pass, Lin Yun knew that he had to take action. He wanted to use the Demonification Fruits to make a breakthrough to the Yin-Yang stage.