Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 723 - Aurora Dragon’s Eyes, Qiongqi’s Strength

Lin Yun had three Demonification Fruits, one with nine aura, one with eight aura, and one with six aura. The one with nine aura was the most precious one and Lin Yun wanted to leave it for Lil’ Red.

His life was saved by Lil’ Red, who pounced over to save him when the Profound Note Bell was about to explode. This was why he had to give the most precious Demonification Fruit to Lil’ Red when it woke up. But it was more than enough for him to make a breakthrough with the two Demonification Fruits. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

But Lin Yun wasn’t in a hurry. As the origin energy of two different attributes continued to become more refined in his violet palace, they gradually fused together in a revolving manner. Once this was complete, Lin Yun would be in the Yin-Yang stage.

But due to his robust foundation, the fusion speed was very slow. Vaguely, he could see the fusing origin emit a dazzling brilliance. Fortunately, there was an Iris Flower on the fusing origin energy. Whenever the terrifying energy was about to explode, a sword buzz would come from the Iris Flower to suppress the fluctuation, ensuring that it continued to fuse.

In the darkness behind the fusing origin energy were his two martial souls, Qiongqi and Aurora Dragon. They were both shrouded in nine profound halos after Lin Yun absorbed the two Heavenly Astral Pearls. After all, geniuses would generally upgrade their martial soul to the eighth profound grade before making a breakthrough into the Yin-Yang stage.

But Lin Yun wasn’t satisfied with that. He was waiting for his two martial souls to reach Earth Grade before making a breakthrough into the Yin-Yang stage. He could sense that it wouldn’t be long. After all, the Heavenly Astral Pearls belonged to two Heavenly Soul Realms. One of them was even an ancient empyrean that was rarely found in the Ancient Southern Domain.

So he had more than enough to push his martial souls to the Earth Grade. While he was in deep thought, the nine halos retracted back into his martial souls, enveloping them like a cocoon. This was a sign that his martial souls were about to make a breakthrough.

In the next second, the profound halos disappeared as two ferocious roars echoed out and unleashed a terrifying pressure. At the same time, the Aurora Dragon and Qiongqi grew to twenty-one meters as they both emitted a terrifying aura.

“This is the power of Earth Grade Martial Souls?” Lin Yun was shocked. Generally speaking, martial souls were divided into three categories, the beast martial soul, weapon martial soul, and elemental martial souls.

Additionally, there was a type of rare martial souls that created phenomena like moonlight or radiant sun. Those mutated martial souls generally represented a monstrous genius. Then again, mutated martial souls were extremely rare and most martial souls were within the three categories or a speck of dust, which represented useless martial souls.

Those with useless martial souls generally had a poor aptitude, and they wouldn’t go far in the martial path. Martial souls could also bring various abilities to cultivators. For instance, beast martial souls allowed cultivators to beastify, weapon martial souls allowed cultivators to gain a higher comprehension of the same weapon as their martial soul, and elemental martial souls allowed cultivators to awaken or strengthen their martial intent.

But Lin Yun’s martial souls were very unusual as they weren’t actual ancient beasts, but souls. This was why Lin Yun was looking forward to seeing what ability the two martial souls would awaken after reaching the Yin-Yang stage. After all, they were both ancient souls, so their abilities definitely wouldn’t be simple.

“Time to finish this!” Lin Yun’s face became grave as he retrieved the two Demonification Fruits and threw them into his mouth. When the Demonification Fruits entered his abdomen, crimson flames began to blaze on the surface of his body, instantly incinerating his clothes. His skin was red and it looked like his muscles were about to melt.

The dragon runes on the surface of his body began to squirm, emitting a ferocious roar as the Azure Dragon’s aura suppressed the crimson flames. This was dangerous as he was nearly turned into ashes.

If anyone saw this, they would have been shocked. After all, no one was bold enough to eat two Demonification Fruits. But Lin Yun managed to overcome it with the Azure Dragon Battle Physique. After he overcame it, benefits began to come as the speed of his origin energy fusing began to circulate like a spinning wheel.

The wheel spun at a rapid speed and emitted a terrifying aura. It felt as if the wheel was about to explode. If it really exploded, Lin Yun wouldn’t be able to imagine the consequences. After all he would surely be torn into pieces, even if he had nine lives.

Damn it...the Demonification Fruits are too ferocious. Lin Yun started to panic as the energy coming from the Demonification Fruits had exceeded his imagination. The fusion of his origin energy was about to spiral out of control and not even the Iris Flower could suppress it. It felt as though his violet palace was about to collapse.

Just when the wheel was about to collapse, the crimson flames began to weaken and his reddened skin returned to normal. This signified that the two Demonification Fruits were completely absorbed by his physique.

Seeing that the most dangerous moment had passed, Lin Yun felt relieved. He knew that he had endured through the toughest moment of the Demonification Fruits. Otherwise, he simply couldn’t imagine the consequences.

He had a feeling that Lil’ Red was looking after him. After all, he had no doubt that he would be dead if he refined the nine aura Demonification Fruit. After the origin energy was done fusing, Lin Yun spread his arms apart and unleashed a ferocious roar. Simultaneously, the Aurora Dragon in his body also opened its eyes.

“Aurora Dragon’s Eyes!” When the Aurora Dragon opened its eyes, an aged sigh resounded in Lin Yun’s mind. In that split second, Lin Yun’s hair began to flutter in the wind with flames blazing in the depth of his pupils.

When the flames blazed, darkness filled the sky and only a pair of eyes could be seen. The world had clearly turned dark, but everything became unprecedentedly clear in his eyes. In the past, it felt like there was a veil covering the world. But now, Lin Yun realized that he could see everything clearly even if it was dark.

He could even see the antennae of the ants a hundred meters away. This was too unbelievable. If he fought someone right now, he could instantly see through the flaw in their attacks. Then, the flames in his eyes gradually died down and he could feel his eyes aching. Everything before him had returned back to normal, which made Lin Yun feel a little uncomfortable.

“Qiongqi’s Strength!” When the flames died down, another ferocious roar echoed out from within his body. This time, even the azure dragon energy within his body trembled in fear. When Lin Yun clenched his fist together, he could sense an unprecedented power pouring out from every single one of his cells.

Throwing a punch out, the space before him turned into a black vortex. But the vortex only lasted for a split second before it disappeared. Just when Lin Yun was feeling doubtful, a mountain a few thousand meters away was destroyed.

“This…” Lin Yun’s lips twitched as the power was too ferocious. Even someone in the quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm would be heavily injured by this punch. But in the next second, weakness swept over him as he fell to his knees feeling powerless.

The aftermath of using Qiongqi’s Strength was a lot worse than Aurora Dragon’s Eyes. Lying on the ground as he gasped for his breath, Lin Yun smiled as he looked at the sky. Now, it was time for him to take revenge against those bastards from Skymound City.