Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 730 - Killing Never Ends As Long As Hatred Last

No one had expected that Lin Yun’s killing aura would be so strong and that he would kill Gu Yang without hesitation. Looking at this scene, the Gu Clan’s elders all roared out in pain, “NO!”

But it was a pity that none of them dared to intrude on the Northern Snow Manor because they still remembered how the Qin Clan’s elder was knocked unconscious. All of their faces had turned pale as they gnashed their teeth. But if Lin Yun really joined the Northern Snow Manor, then they could only give up.

Thinking about it, they couldn’t help feeling downcast. All they could do at the moment was place their hope in Jin Zhan’s hands. Since Lin Yun insisted on killing Gu Yang, then it was impossible for him to avoid Jin Zhan’s attack.

“Die!” Gu Yang’s death had affected Jin Zhan greatly as he threw his palm out. Under the power of the purple palm, space began to tremble. This exchange occurred the moment that Lin Yun killed Gu Yang, so the poisonous mist enveloped Lin Yun.

“How ruthless!” Everyone who saw this scene sucked in a cold breath and their backs were covered in cold sweat. They couldn’t imagine how strong Lin Yun’s hatred was to be willing to take this attack head-on just to kill Gu Yang.

But then again, their hatred wouldn’t be any less if they were in Lin Yun’s position. Not only did the seven geniuses gang up on him, but they even resorted to using the Profound Note Bell. They simply couldn’t imagine the humiliation Lin Yun had to suffer back then. But not many people had the courage like Lin Yun did to come back. Everyone had hatred and rage, but not many people had courage.

Jin Zhan landed on the ground and started gasping for air. His attack had exhausted the majority of his origin energy. Looking at the poisonous mist, his eyes flashed coldly, “What an idiot.”

He knew how terrifying his attack was. Even Chen Ziyu and Chu Muyan would be half dead if they took this head-on. Gu Yang? He didn’t care about Gu Yang’s death. If he could use Gu Yang’s life in exchange for Lin Yun’s death, it was completely worth it for him.

In the end, the sword slave died in my hands! Jin Zhan smiled as he stepped in front of the mist before it dissipated. He didn’t want to give Lin Yun the chance to recover.

“Be careful!” Right at this moment, Jin Yi yelled out as a silver ray flashed out from the poisonous mist. The smile on Jin Zhan’s face was still frozen on his face as the Flower Burial Sword pierced through the center of his brow.

The sword was too fast, so everyone only heard the roar of Lin Yun’s sword intent after Jin Zhan was pierced. When the mist disappeared, the crowd could see that eighteen dragon runes condensed an armor around Lin Yun. He walked out as he wiped away blood on the corner of his lips. Everyone was shocked that Lin Yun only suffered light injuries after facing Jin Zhan’s palm.

“Big brother, am I going to die…?” Jin Yi flew out and caught onto Jin Zhan. Jin Zhan’s face was pale as his forehead had been pierced and his vitality was leaking out. Even a Heavenly Soul Realm expert would be killed if they suffered such a wound, not to mention Jin Zhan.

Before Jin Yi could even comfort him, Jin Zhan took his last breath. This made Jin Yi’s eyes turn red as he yelled out, “No!”

This was a touching scene, but those who weren’t from Skymound City stood by the side coldly. After all, the seven geniuses deserved it and they wouldn’t be suffering from Lin Yun’s revenge if they didn’t gang up on him.

They probably never expected this would happen. After all, Lin Yun was just a fly in their eyes. They even called him a sword slave, declaring that he would die if he dared to appear. This made Lin Yun so determined to kill the seven of them.

“HOW DARE YOU! I’LL KILL YOU!” Witnessing his younger brother’s death, Jin Yi went insane and charged over. His hair was a mess as he emitted a terrifying aura while his golden flames condensed into an armor. At the heart of the armor was a wisp of crimson flames that seemed terrifying. In this second, Jin Yi’s aura had reached its peak.

“He’s insane…”

“He’s exhausting his foundation!”

“What madness!” Everyone exclaimed at this scene as Jin Yi arrived before Lin Yun in a split second to throw his palm. The golden flames behind him had also condensed into a Thorn Flower. Before his palm even landed on Lin Yun, cracks began to spread out on the ground. Lin Yun sank down as though he was trapped in an invisible cage.

“What power!” Everyone’s faces changed at this scene because this proved that the seven geniuses were too terrifying. Lin Yun didn’t dare to be careless and spread his arms out with his fingers turning emerald. Just when Jin Yi’s attack was about to arrive, Lin Yun flicked his fingers.

Lin Yun began to flick his fingers while retreating. However, Jin Yi didn’t let Lin Yun off and chased after him. Golden flames poured out of the Thorn Flower behind Jin Yi, eventually swallowing the entire stage.

But Lin Yun didn’t react to this as he continued to flick his fingers. With every flick, his attack would land on the flaw of Jin Yi’s attack. Simultaneously, every flick on Jin Yi’s attack would also create beautiful zither music.

Only a few people managed to realize that the music was growing as Lin Yun accumulated his sword aura. As time went by, it shrouded him like an invisible current. If anyone looked at the boundless sword aura, they would be shocked. The sword aura was terrifying, so they couldn’t imagine what would happen when the sword intent appeared. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“You’re nothing without your sword. How are you going to fight me?!” Jin Yi’s eyes were filled with killing aura as he roared. Then, both of his hands joined together and created a violent storm around him. Above him, two gigantic palms were condensed from his aura and then they clasped together. The shockwave from this move made many people vomit blood.

“Die!” Jin Yi raised his right hand as the gigantic flaming hands descended like a mountain. This instantly cast a huge shadow over the stage.

But there was no change in Lin Yun’s face as the movement of his fingers became slow. It was almost like they were frozen stiff. However, when he eventually flicked his finger, the sound was much heavier than before.

Every time his flick landed on the palm, it caused an outburst of sword intent. When the palm landed down, Lin Yun’s eyes lit up brightly like two stars. As his aura exploded, a purple sword ray flew out from his hand and pierced through Jin Yi’s flaming palms. This sent Jin Yi flying while spitting up blood.

“This…” Jin Yi couldn’t believe what he saw because Lin Yun was clearly forced into a dead end by him. But before he had more time to think, a figure charged over and the flaming palms dispersed.

Lin Yun walked over slowly, but his speed was unbelievably fast. In the next second, he arrived at Jin Zhan’s corpse and pulled out the Flower Burial Sword. Then, his sword flew at Jin Yi, severing him in half.

His action was smooth and elegant. The crowd raised their heads and looked at the white-clothed youth sheathing his sword.

“Lin Yun, don’t think you can leave Skymound City after today!” All of the Jin Clan’s elders glared at Lin Yun.

“Our Skycloud Sect will definitely take his life!”

“So will my Qin Clan!”

“Our Gu Clan will also take revenge for this matter!” Three major clans of Skymound City and Skycloud Sect made their declaration as their killing aura surged into the sky. Their rage was so strong that it almost dyed the clouds red.

“Shut it.” Elder Mo of the Northern Snow Manor pierced through their killing aura with a simple glare. His eyes were like a spiraling vortex that flickered coldly. This instantly startled those who made the declaration as they had no choice but to suppress their rage while their faces turned red.

All of the cultivators who weren’t from Skymound City laughed at this sight. Skymound City might have been overbearing, but none of them dared to utter a word before the Northern Snow Manor. But before Elder Mo could issue his invitation, a cold voice sounded out, “Lin Yun, come to the Indigomoon Elysium’s stage if you dare. Since I was able to defeat you in three moves five days ago, I can also kill you like a dog right now!”

Chen Ziyu spit those vicious words at Lin Yun to provoke him. He wanted Lin Yun to leave Northern Snow Manor’s protection.

“If you want to die, then I’ll fulfill your wish!” Unexpectedly, Lin Yun didn’t hesitate and soared towards the Indigomoon Elysium’s stage.

On the Indigomoon Elysium’s seat, Qing Ruoyou’s eyes flashed coldly as she said, “Suppress him to death!”

Just like that, the purple moon headed towards Lin Yun under everyone’s shocked gazes.