Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 735 - Arrival Of A New Era

No one had expected that the Indigomoon Elysium would leave just like that. After all, Qing Ruoyou was slapped twice to the point where her cheek was swollen. Was this still the Indigomoon Elysium they knew?

The Indigomoon Elysium was the strongest overlord force in Ancient Southern Domain. Even the Heavenly Demon Pavilion and the Northern Snow Manor had to give them face. So, this development was shocking since Qing Ruoyou was Indigomoon Elysium’s princess.

Just who is this woman? Everyone looked at Su Ziyao and found this to be too unbelievable. Her looks alone seemed to have an even nobler status than the Falling Aquatic Empyrean. Did this mean that there was an even stronger force than the nine overlord forces in the Ancient Southern Domain?

Within the crowd, Yang Fan and Guo Xu exchanged a glance and fell into deep thoughts. Unlike the others, they knew that the Bloodwing Pavilion was annihilated. They had suspected that it had something to do with Lin Yun. However, Lin Yun denied having a mysterious force behind him.

But from the looks of it, there was a high possibility that the Bloodwing Pavilion was annihilated by this mysterious woman. This means that not even the Indigomoon Elysium could compare to her.

“Lin Yun is really fortunate.” Guo Xu smiled in envy that a woman of Su Ziyao’s stature was actually willing to stand behind Lin Yun.

“Don’t be jealous. Remember how he killed the seven geniuses? He’s a monstrous genius and no one in the Ancient Southern Domain can’t restrain him,” smiled Yang Fan. Just a moment ago, they were worried for Lin Yun, but it turned out that they were being overly concerned. After all, even the Indigomoon Elysium ran away with their tail tucked between their legs, not to mention the various forces in Skymound City.

In the future, these forces would probably try to avoid Lin Yun as much as possible. This means that the seven geniuses had died in vain. Elder Mo from the Northern Snow Manor nodded his head as a greeting before he stood in front of Su Ziyao. He had roughly guessed Su Ziyao’s origin as he asked, “Do you come from the Sacred Land?”

He knew that the Indigomoon Elysium wasn’t scared of the Falling Aquatic Empyrean. The Falling Aquatic Empyrean might be powerful, but the Indigomoon Elysium also had old monsters who could fight him. But Su Ziyao’s origin was a little too terrifying. If he was right, the force standing behind this woman was an existence that the Indigomoon Elysium wouldn’t dare to provoke.

“I’m from the Profound Imperial Palace,” said Su Ziyao.

Elder Mo was stunned. After his great shock, he quickly cupped his hands and said, “Do you mind taking a trip to the Northern Snow Manor if you’re free? We have some younger generations in our manor.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“A new era is coming, so everyone has a chance,” replied Su Ziyao.

A new era? Lin Yun was curious, but he didn’t ask more about it. But Elder Mo became emotional when he heard that, “Is a new era really arriving?”

Su Ziyao merely nodded her head and said nothing more.

“Thank you for your revelation.” Elder Mo cupped his hands before he turned to Lin Yun, “Young lad, if you’re willing, the gates of the Northern Snow Manor welcomes you any time.”

Lin Yun was briefly stunned before he nodded his head awkwardly. After all, he really didn’t intend on joining the overlord forces.

“Young lad, I like that temper of yours. If you’re willing, the gates of the Heavenly Demon Pavilion are also open to you. I suddenly recalled who you are. Someone once mentioned you to me, haha!” The middle-aged man from the Heavenly Demon Pavilion merely nodded at Su Ziyao, unlike Elder Mo. He then gave a playful look at Lin Yun before he left while laughing, leaving Lin Yun baffled.

No one had expected that today’s event would end with Qing Ruoyou receiving two slaps. This would definitely shake the entire Thunder Prefecture and spread throughout the Ancient Southern Domain. Since things were done, it didn’t take long for everyone to leave. Even Drifting Goblet and Falling Aquatic Empyrean left tactfully, giving time to Lin Yun and Su Ziyao.

“Why did you come?” smiled Lin Yun.

“I’m here to check on you.” Su Ziyao paused briefly before she smiled, “I saw you a long time ago. You should have something to give me.”

“Something?” Lin Yun was confused before he realized what Su Ziyao meant. But he didn’t know how she knew about it.

“Is it not for me?” Su Ziyao responded with a smile, but it looked a little terrifying.

“How is that possible?” Lin Yun quickly took out the Divine Indigo Radiantstone and continued, “Speaking of which, everything started from this. I didn’t have much hope of facing Qing Ruoyou, but I didn’t think too much about it back then. I only felt that you might need it. I didn’t imagine that it would cause so much trouble…”

Lin Yun shook his head. If Qing Ruoyou was willing to fight him back then, even if he took out the Indigoflame Thunderwhip, the odds of him winning weren’t high. But Qing Ruoyou acted high and mighty, completely disregarding him. She clearly wanted Lin Yun to kneel and beg her to accept it.

Under the sunlight, the Divine Indigo Radiantstone radiated brightly. Su Ziyao took it and her smile became even more gentle, “I know. I’ll let you off for now then.”

“Are you here to see me because you’re going to leave?” Lin Yun had keen senses. He knew that Su Ziyao wouldn’t make a trip over from the Great Qin Empire for no reason. So there was a high possibility that Su Ziyao was leaving.

Lin Yun couldn’t help feeling a little woeful when he thought about this. With the strength Su Ziyao displayed, she was a little too strong. The world she was in was something that he couldn’t comprehend for now.

“But you’ll come for me, right?” Su Ziyao looked at Lin Yun seriously. It was a question, but she wasn’t asking. Her tone was more like she was just describing something that would surely take place.

Lin Yun didn’t dare to look at her directly because she was too beautiful. “Of course. After all, what will I do if someone snatches you away?”

“That’s impossible.” Su Ziyao smiled. “Even if you don’t come to see me, I won’t fall for anyone else. My heart is yours, so you must come and look for me or else I’ll die.”

Falling Aquatic Empyrean was walking together with Drifting Goblet as they looked at Lin Yun and Su Ziyao. Falling Aquatic Empyrean smiled, “To catch her fancy, I wonder if he’s fortunate or unfortunate.”

“He’s not afraid.” Drifting Goblet took a sip of wine and smiled, “He said that he’ll find her no matter where she goes.”

“Is he even capable of catching up to her? He can’t imagine the burden that she has to bear,” replied Falling Aquatic Empyrean. After he finished, he shook his head and left.

Drifting Goblet also became serious as he muttered, “Lin Yun, a new era is coming. You have to prove yourself to everyone.”

Su Ziyao stayed for three days. During her stay, she traveled around with Lin Yun. The two of them clearly had an unbreakable bond and they spent the whole time enjoying each other’s company. Not once did they mention anything about the arrival of a new era.

When Lin Yun awoke three days later, Su Ziyao was already gone. He could still feel Su Ziya’so warmth in his arms from the previous night. He knew that Su Ziyao hadn’t gone far and he might even be able to catch up to her. But he didn’t move because he had already said what he wanted the past three days. There was nothing he could change even if he caught up to her. He just didn’t know when they would meet again.

Then, Lin Yun heard footsteps coming from the forest. Lin Yun frowned because he knew that Su Ziyao was a decisive person, so it couldn’t be her. Raising his head, he saw Drifting Goblet carrying a bottle of wine through the forest.

Lin Yun smiled, “You weren’t peaking last night, right?”

“Tch!” Drifting Goblet started cursing, “Don’t make fun of me. I’m a genuine monk. I don’t have the guts even if I have the heart. Su Ziuao would kill me if I tried. Speak, did you say those words on purpose back in the Great Qin Empire?”

Drifting Goblet knew that Lin Yun was as cunning as a thief. Lin Yun definitely revealed that he slept with Su Ziyao on purpose. After all, he nearly threw up blood back then.

“That didn’t happen, right?” Drifting Goblet glared at Lin Yun.

“I was telling the truth,” smiled Lin Yun with his eyes narrowed.

Drifting Goblet spit out the wine in his mouth and coughed before he cursed, “You’re definitely doing this on purpose. Whatever, I’m here to invite you to a drink.”

“Haha, let’s drink.” Lin Yun laughed as he took out some Monkey Wine from his interspatial pouch.

Drifting Goblet’s eyes lit up at this, “Slow down a little. How much Monkey Wine do you have? You’re still not finished?”