Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 875 - Phaseless Demonic Art

Lin Yun’s mockery instantly made Yu Haotian’s face turn dark because it was blatant humiliation. He really thought that he could take a look at the Flamecloud Incinerating Palm.

Killing aura started to surge in Yu Haotian’s heart, but he was no longer the person he once was. His mentality had undergone a transformation, so he wouldn’t let his emotions control him.

He ultimately bore it down and squeezed out a smile, “It looks like Brother Lin has a negative opinion of me. I thought that the grudge between us was gone since we left the Profound Amber Realm. I guess I was too naive. Since that’s the case, I’ll take my leave.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Without hesitation, Yu Haotian cupped his hands together and turned around.

“Who allowed you to leave?” Lin Yun looked at Yu Haotian coldly just as the latter took two steps. He knew that Yu Haotian would come after him sooner or later, so he wasn’t foolish enough to let Yu Haotian leave.

“Leave. Don’t bother with him and leave.” Just when Yu Haotian was hesitating, the demonic spirit in Yu Haotian’s body roared. With that, Yu Haotian’s face changed and he no longer dared to stay behind.

With a single thought, Lin Yun’s Immortal Azure Dragon Sword Aura began gushing out without any reservation. His sword intent instantly shot into the sky like a bright star, which enveloped the entire city. At this moment, the city was frozen in time.

Yu Haotian’s face changed because he could sense his body and blood becoming stiff. Simultaneously, boundless fear loomed over his heart. He was thoroughly shocked by the power of Lin Yun’s sword intent.

“Yu Haotian, you revealed your killing aura at least three times when I fought with the Flamecloud Realm. You think I didn’t realize it? You think you can leave now? It’s better for you to be buried here!” Lin Yun’s indifferent voice sounded out as he dashed forward.

Clenching his fist, dragon runes gathered as a dragon head manifested itself on Lin Yun’s fist. But just when his punch was about to hit Yu Haotian, Yu Haotian’s body burst out with purple demonic radiance. With that, he had broken free of the sword intent’s restriction.

Phaseless Demonic Art! Yu Haotian roared inwardly and pushed his demonic art to the limit before throwing his punch out, “Overlord Fist—Heaven and Earth Union!”

When he turned around, purple demonic radiance poured into his fist. His punch seemed like it could devour everything in its path. Yu Haotian was using the same Overlord Fist as before, but its power was completely different. It seemed like Yu Haotian had also undergone a total transformation.

When the punches clashed, the shockwave hit the spectators.

“How is this possible?”

“His aura is even stronger than Nangong He. Just what kind of monsters are from the Profound Amber Realm?!”

“This is too unbelievable. There’s actually someone else who is stronger than Nangong He.” This scene had left everyone dumbfounded.

Ten moves later, Yu Haotian threw up a mouthful of blood and was sent flying. Lin Yun became serious because he was surprised by Yu Haotian. With his Azure Firmament Sword Sutra, Azure Dragon Enneaform, and Seven Slaughtering Fist, he still couldn’t take Yu Haotian down. In the end, he had to bring out the Immortal Azure Dragon Aura.

With his foundation, he was probably the only one in the Heavenly Path who could cultivate two cultivation techniques at once. But this was why it was so unbelievable that he couldn’t suppress Yu Haotian. If his attainment in the sword wasn’t high enough, he wasn’t sure if he could defeat Yu Haotian.

“Haha! Lin Yun, is this the best you got?” Yu Haotian no longer hid his strength as his eyes flashed coldly.

“Since that’s the case, come and take my life. I’m standing right here. I won’t even draw my sword,” said Lin Yun.

Yu Haotian’s eyes flickered before he sneered, “You think I’ll fall for that? I’ll leave your head on your neck for now. But I’ll cripple you before I end up killing you. At that time, we’ll see if the Sacred Alliance can protect you. My junior sister will destroy your Sword Firmament Pavilion anyway. Hahaha! I’ll return the humiliation you gave me and my junior sister 100 fold!”

The hatred and rage in his pupils were so dense that it frightened many people. Just how deep was Yu Haotian’s hatred that he intended to kill everyone that Lin Yun cared about?

“And Yue Weiwei that bitch! I’ll definitely find her in the Heavenly Path. Just you wait. I’m going to make you suffer!” Yu Haotian’s sinister smile made Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan uncomfortable. They couldn’t believe that this was the Yu Haotian they knew.

“You won’t have the opportunity,” said Lin Yun coldly as he drew his sword.

Yu Haotian had never seen such a terrifyingly quick sword ray before. The sword aura even made his movements stiff, which caused him to suffer a terrifying injury.

Just what the hell was that sword ray? Yu Haotian’s face paled and he no longer dared to be as arrogant as before. He quickly turned around and started to run for his life.

“Leave quickly! That sword intent is comparable to the third stage martial intent. I told you that he’s a monster and his attainments have already broken through the limits of the Profound Amber Realm. Now that he has come to the Heavenly Path, he’s like a dragon returning to the sea,” roared the demonic spirit within Yu Haotian’s body.

Damn it! I’m already strong enough, but I still can’t defeat him. Just when can I crush him?! Yu Haotian no longer dared to stay and started running out of the city. It didn’t take long for more wounds to appear on his body as Yu Haotian yelled out in pain.

Lin Yun’s face was indifferent as he swung his sword calmly. From the start, his sword aura had already enveloped Yu Haotian. It wouldn’t be long before the sword aura claimed Yu Haotian’s life.

“Let me do it,” sighed the demonic spirit in Yu Haotian’s mind. The demonic spirit knew that it couldn’t wait anymore and took control of Yu Haotian’s body. However, the demonic spirit would exhaust all of its strength to do this and would have to go into a deep slumber.

“Senior, save me!” Yu Haotian roared in his heart. In the next second, purple demonic flames blazed in Yu Haotian’s pupils as his temperament underwent a transformation. As his figure flashed, he pushed the Indigomoon Demonlight Step to the limit and escaped from Lin Yun’s sword aura. When he stepped out of Lin Yun’s sword aura, Yu Haotian turned around with bizarre purple flames blazing in his pupils.

“Remnant of the Profound Amber Realm’s Sword Sect. We will meet again,” smiled Yu Haotian before he left.

Lin Yun was briefly stunned because Yu Haotian had transformed into an entirely different person. There was no change in his martial intent or cultivation technique, but his temperament was completely different.

Without any hesitation, a tornado of wind and lightning rose around Lin Yun’s feet, destroying all the buildings in his path. When the purple lightning dissipated, Lin Yun charged forward and stabbed his sword out.

Yu Haotian turned around and faced Lin Yun’s attack head-on. He threw out a punch and at the same time he threw up some blood. Suffering a huge loss in Lin Yun’s hands, Yu Haotian no longer dared to stay. He pushed his movement technique to the limit and flew over the wall.

But before Yu Haotian could get back up, Lin Yun took nine steps in mid-air and swung his sword out. His sword created nine phenomena that combined together. The attack instantly created a huge hole in the wall as a blurred figure escaped out of the crater.

“Was that the real Yu Haotian?” Lin Yun’s pupils flashed as he searched the crater. Then, he chased after Yu Haotian.