Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 877 - Glorysun Land!

Three headless corpses fell onto the ground, which shocked everyone. Those who wanted to support Zhang Feng, Huang Hu, and Wei Qing felt their faces turn pale. Initially, they thought that Lin Yun was greatly exhausted from battle. What they didn’t know was that Lin Yun just wanted to avoid a massacre.

“Those who wanted to be Nangong He’s lackeys can get lost. Don’t you dare show up in front of me again. As for everyone else, you can take 500 astral pellets and leave,” said Lin Yun coldly as he swept his glance around.

Those who echoed along with the trio earlier were trembling with fear as they cursed inwardly because Lin Yun wanted to chase them away. They also made up their mind that they would inform the Flamecloud Realm about Nangong He’s death.

“Still not leaving?” Lin Yun sneered and flicked his finger. In the next second, one of Nangong He’s supporters had died.

“Leave, quick!” With that, no one dared to stay any longer. They didn’t even have the courage to turn back to look at Lin Yun.

“What shameless people. We can’t let them leave or they will tell the Flamecloud Realm,” whispered Fang Shaoyu because he had experienced how shameless everyone was.

Shaking his head lightly, Lin Yun replied, “No secrets can be hidden for an eternity. The news of Nangong He’s death will spread sooner or later unless I butcher everyone in the city.”

Fang Shaoyu was briefly stunned. He initially thought that Lin Yun wasn’t decisive, but it turns out that Lin Yun had already seen through everything. Lin Yun’s words sent a chill down his spine.

Lin Yun sneered, “If I can’t even deal with a simple Flamecloud Realm, then how am I going to rise in the Heavenly Path?”

Fang Shaoyu heard a loud buzz in his mind because of what Lin Yun said. It was like a key was unlocking a gate in his mind. If one couldn’t even deal with a realm, how were they going to rise in the Heavenly Path?

As for the dozens who remained, Lin Yun didn’t act stingy with them. He asked Fang Shaoyu to give them 500 astral pellets each. If they were talented, Lin Yun didn’t even mind giving them a few hundred or a thousand more. No one knew how the Heavenly Path would turn out, so he wouldn’t underestimate anyone. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After all, who knows if someone here might grow into a powerhouse in the future. Lin Yun was simply spreading good karma around. Even if it wasn’t probable, it was enough to make him happy. The fact that these people could preserve their dignity under the Flamecloud Realm’s rule was worthy of his respect.

“S-so many?”

“Eight hundred?”

“Isn’t a thousand a little too much?” Some of the people were shocked when Lin Yun gave them so much.

Fang Shaoyu smiled and replied, “Brother Lin says that you guys will rise sooner or later with your determination. So he wishes to have a good relationship with you guys!”

When everyone heard that, their eyes welled up with tears because they were the top geniuses from the various realms. It would be a joke to say that they had no determination or willpower. But after coming to the Heavenly Path, they finally knew that there was always someone stronger and how worthless their determination was.

Some people choose to bow while some choose to gnash their teeth and hold on. But the moment one bowed, they would lose their determination forever. The people who were present were the ones who managed to hold on even when others mocked them. When they heard Fang Shaoyu’s words, they knew that their determination had paid off.

“Young Master Lin, we might be insignificant today, but if there’s an opportunity in the future, we will repay you!” Dozens of cultivators cupped their hands together. Not only did Lin Yun return them their astral pellets, he even acknowledged their determination. As long as they preserved their determination, they would become dragons in the future.

“Don’t worry about it,” smiled Lin Yun.

After everyone left, Lin Yun divided the rest among the Profound Amber Realm. He wasn’t stingy and he gave Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan each 10,000. Then, he took the remaining 100,000 for himself.

This instantly made the three emotional because they felt a headache to get 1,000 astral pellets not too long ago. To them, 10,000 astral pellets was like a dream come true.

Lin Yun spoke out, “Brother Fang, I apologize for having some misunderstanding towards you in the past.”

“I wasn’t trying to target you. The Sacred Alliance had great hopes for you after you killed Yan Mo and they instructed me to protect you. Elder Gao Zhangtian said that as long as you have enough time, you can surely rise in the Heavenly Path and spread the fame of our Profound Amber Realm,” said Fang Shaoyu.

When Lin Yun heard that, he finally knew why Fang Shaoyu wanted to be the leader. After all, since he was the hope of the Profound Amber Realm, Fang Shaoyu naturally had to protect him well.

“But I never thought that you would improve so quickly in the Heavenly Path. Elder Gao Zhangtian was right, but even he underestimated you a little,” said Fang Shaoyu in a grave tone.

“Is Yu Haotian dead?” Zhu Qingshan suddenly asked. He was also from the Ancient Southern Domain like Lin Yun, so he naturally knew about their grudge.

Lin Yun had no changes on his face and said, “Not yet. The Indigomoon Elysium’s foundation is deep and they gave him many ways to protect himself.”

“You have to be careful the next time you guys meet,” warned Zhu Qingshan.

Fang Shaoyu frowned, “The feeling he gave me wasn’t good. It was almost as if there was another aura within his body. The Indigomoon Elysium’s origin is mysterious and you can’t afford to be careless. The Indigomoon Elysium was behind Sword Sect’s destruction back then.”

“Got it.” Lin Yun nodded at Fang Shaoyu, “You should tell me more about the Heavenly Path now. The other realms clearly come much earlier than us for some reason.”

“Indeed, they’re different,” explained Fang Shaoyu. “The so-called myriad realms aren’t just ten thousand realms. Aside from the ten war realms, the rules in some realms are different. The Heavenly Path’s rules are also different. The stronger realms will naturally arrive faster.”

Upon hearing that, everyone finally understood what was going on. Fang Shaoyu took out the mysterious map from his interspatial pouch, “We’re currently in the Glorysun Land and this place has over a hundred cities. Each city can contain at least 100,000 people.”

“That many?” Zhao Chen and Zhu Qingshan were shocked by Fang Shaoyu’s words because they never expected that many people. One city alone could hold tens of thousands of people. Some cities could even hold 100,000 people who were all geniuses of various realms. Furthermore, this was just the Glorysun Land.

They simply couldn’t imagine the intensity of the battles in the future. Fang Shaoyu continued, “The next city is called Thunderflame City. Once you pray to the dracophant, you’ll obtain a dragon plaque. Only with it, can you stand firmly in the Heavenly Path. The plaque will contain our fortune and achievements, and you can also return to the realm you come from by crushing it.”

The plaque was a means of retreat, but no one would crush it if they had a choice. “Additionally, there’s the Heavenly Treasure Realm. Those with enough fortune and achievements would appear in the realm and attract the attention of the various forces.”

“In ancient times, the city was forged at the intersection of the various sects. But now, there are only ruins near the cities. I initially planned for us to obtain the plaque together after reaching the Heavenly Soul Realm. But now…” Fang Shaoyu hesitated briefly before he continued, “The Flamecloud City’s geniuses will definitely be at Thunderflame City, so it’ll be dangerous for us to head there.”

Everyone fell silent as they all looked at Lin Yun. At this moment, Lin Yun had become the leader.

Lin Yun hesitated briefly before he said, “No need to rush. Since we’ve taken this place, we naturally have to make good use of this opportunity. The three of you can head out during the day to obtain more information. Then, you can refine the astral pellets at night. Make your breakthrough after you reach your limit. I also have to go into seclusion.”

Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan had no objections. As for Lin Yun, his gaze fell onto the Dracophant Pillar at the center of the city. Nangong He was cultivating on the pillar, but even he couldn’t reach the top.

Noticing Lin Yun’s gaze, Fang Shaoyu said, “Brother Lin, the pillars in the Heavenly Path are extremely mysterious. Remember not to ascend to the head because something terrifying will happen…”