Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 878 - Conceal Strength and Bide for Time

Night arrived and demonic clouds covered the sky once more. At this moment, the Heavenly Path echoed with beast roars. Because of this, everyone would adventure during the day and stay in the city at night.

In the stone forest, a few thousand miles away from Lin Yun, Yu Haotian was filled with fear. Each time he coughed, he would spit up blood. He was running away from Lin Yun and was constantly turning around to check for Lin Yun.

His fight against Lin Yun had terrified him. He couldn’t believe someone so talented in the way of the sword existed. Ever since he summoned the demonic spirit, his strength had undergone a transformation. This was why he was so confident that he could escape even if he couldn’t defeat Lin Yun.

However, he never expected that he would nearly die to Lin Yun. He even had to use the fake body that his master gave him when he had just entered the Heavenly Path. This meant that he had lost a life. But what he couldn’t accept was the fact that Lin Yun didn’t fall for the fake body. If Lin Yun had taken a few steps forward, the explosion would be enough to heavily injure Lin Yun.

Due to his agitated emotions, the origin energy within Yu Haotian’s body became chaotic and caused him to throw up more blood.

“Hehe. Brat, you bore the pain from summoning the demonic spirit, but you can’t take something like this?” An elderly voice sounded out in Yu Haotian’s mind.

Yu Haotian rejoiced, “Senior, you’re awake?”

Ever since the demonic spirit took over his body earlier, it didn’t utter a single word. However, the demonic spirit’s next words made Yu Haotian’s heart sink. “This is just temporary. I’ll go into a deep slumber soon.”

“Hehe. I know what you’re thinking. You want to compete with Lin Yun, but you’re afraid that you won’t be able to do well if I fall into a deep slumber. Well, you can’t stay in this place anymore. You have to get to the Glorymoon Land…” The demonic spirit said. “You don’t have the capacity to fight with the other geniuses in the same realm because you didn’t reach your limit in the quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm. But it doesn’t matter. You can reach the limit before you undergo the tribulation. Even if you can’t compete with Lin Yun in the same cultivation, you can just overwhelm him with a higher cultivation.”

What the demonic spirit said made Yu Haotian’s eyes shine brightly. Then, the demonic spirit continued, “I’ll give you an overlord fortune martial technique. When your Phaseless Demonic Art reaches the seventh stage, you’ll be a lot stronger than those in the first soul of Heavenly Soul Realm.”

An overlord fortune martial technique was the highest grade possible. Yu Haotian’s eyes flickered with excitement, but he remembered that the demonic spirit said he wasn’t strong enough to cultivate it in the past. He realized that the demonic spirit would probably go into a very long slumber.

“Senior, how long will it take for you to wake up?” Yu Haotian probed.

“I’ll wake up when you reach the Glorymoon Land and before you enter the Azure Dragon Forbidden Realm. You can use a secret technique to wake me up, but you only have two chances. So use it when absolutely necessary.”

Yu Haotian was baffled because he had never heard of those two places. The only thing he knew about the Heavenly Path was that he was in the Glorysun Land. When he was about to ask more, the demonic spirit continued, “Don’t bother asking. You’ll know about it when you’re strong enough. Remember not to stay here for long. That brat will be your ruin and you’ll die if you run into him early.

“I’ll be going to sleep now. Yu Haotian, don’t look down on yourself. You’re also extraordinary and you’ll shine brightly in the Heavenly Path even without my help. You’re the only one among tens of thousands who survived my summoning. My identity isn’t like other useless demonic spirits. I’m the Divine Marquis of all demonic spirits. Remember…don’t disappoint me…” The demonic spirit’s voice disappeared and he no longer responded to Yu Haotian’s calls.

Yu Haotian’s eyes shined brightly when he heard the demonic spirit’s words of encouragement and his confidence slowly returned. The demonic spirit told him the truth. Even without the demonic spirit’s help, he wasn’t a pushover. The demonic aura in the air might be terrifying to others, but it was slowly helping him recover from his injuries. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The Phaseless Demonic Art is really impressive. It’s a lot stronger than other demonic cultivation techniques,” muttered Yu Haotian as he engraved the Glorymoon Spirit and Azure Dragon Forbidden Realm in his mind.

He had a feeling that Lin Yun would also be there. Since that was the case, he would kill Lin Yun the next time they met. Yu Haotian’s eyes flashed with a cold killing aura as he quickly left. To him, traveling at night was the safest option.

Two days later, Lin Yun opened his eyes inside a stone house in the city. As he slowly stood up, he could sense the surging origin energy in his body from the Azure Firmament Sword Sutra and Iris Sword Sutra. But that wasn’t what he was focused on.

When Lin Yun spread his hand apart, an ancient flame seal appeared on his palm and a fire attributed energy in the atmosphere poured into the seal with a faint golden light. It was the greater fortune martial technique, the Flamecloud Incinerating Palm, that Lin Yun had been comprehending. It was divided into four grades, white, azure, purple, and gold.

Nangong He wasn’t the strongest from the Flamecloud Realm, but his azure seal was enough to leave Tang Yan shocked. But Lin Yun only needed two days to refine the gold seal, which showed his superior comprehension skills.

As Lin Yun’s origin energy surged, two more seals appeared on his palm that blazed with gold flames. At the same time, heat waves started to spread out from his palm. The fluctuation alone had caused the entire world to tremble and the temperature in the atmosphere rose violently.

“What power!” Lin Yun was shocked. He finally understood why Tang Yan could incinerate his opponents with a single attack. The Flamecloud Incinerating Palm was too powerful. It was considered one of the highest grades among greater fortune martial techniques. If he could reach a high stage in it, he could even compete with overlord fortune martial techniques.

“I want to give it a try,” said Lin Yun. The three seals began to revolve on Lin Yun’s palm and the entire sky turned gold. At the same time, gold halos made of flames emitted a terrifying power that made the city tremble.

The temperature of the flames made the city feel like it was about to melt. Lin Yun’s eyes became excited because the power had exceeded his expectations. Three seals was already so terrifying, so he couldn’t imagine what would happen when he reached eight seals.

Looking at this scene, the faces of Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan changed. They also started practicing the Flamecloud Incinerating Palm under Lin Yun’s persuasion. They knew that they would benefit greatly if they could succeed. However, it had only been two days, and even the fastest among them, Fang Shaoyu, was only able to condense azure seals. Not only did Lin Yun condense gold seals, he even reached the third stage.

“How unbelievable,” muttered Zhao Chen in disbelief. Fang Shaoyu also fell silent and became determined to reach the purple seal. If he didn’t, the gap between him and Lin Yun would become too great.

The terrifying phenomenon in the sky disappeared as Lin Yun appeared before them. He smiled, “You guys came back at the right time. I’ve been waiting for two days since you said that I shouldn’t go to the head. Since you guys are back now, it’s time for me to explore the pillar. Do you guys want to come along?”

But when Fang Shaoyu heard that, his face changed, “The Sacred Alliance elder told me that the head is a forbidden zone.”

“Since it’s a forbidden zone, I won’t go up recklessly. I’m just curious why Nangong He wanted to cultivate on the pillar,” said Lin Yun.

“Let’s go and take a look then.” The others became excited. If there was no risk, they could explore during the day and cultivate on the pillar at night. This would allow them to reach their limit in the quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm as soon as possible.