Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 879 - Iris Flower Blooming On The Azure Firmament Tree

From afar, the pillar looked to be 300 meters tall. However, when Lin Yun and the group got near, they realized that the pillar was a lot bigger than they had imagined. Additionally, the dracophant that coiled the pillar made the pillar look even more majestic.

When they were ten meters away, no one aside from Lin Yun was able to raise their head. It was even hard for them to stay on their feet. Fear gripped their hearts whenever they would try to raise their heads.

“T-this is too unbelievable.” Zhao Chen’s face was pale with beads of sweat rolling down his forehead.

Fang Shaoyu’s face changed and said, “Something’s not right. The pressure shouldn’t be this great. Our strength isn’t that much different from Nangong He, so it’s impossible for the pressure to be so great…”

Then, the three of them turned to look at Lin Yun. The only possibility was that the pressure increased because of Lin Yun’s pressure. After a brief moment, the three made their decision, “Lin Yun, we’ll step back.”

“Alright.” Lin Yun nodded his head.

“Be careful.” Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan retreated 1,000 meters away before the pressure became a lot lighter.

Beneath the pillar, Lin Yun gently leaped onto the dragon claw where Nangong He cultivated. He could sense that the pressure was much higher on the claw. Reaching out, he felt that he had come in contact with a barrier.

“I see.” Lin Yun instantly knew what was going on. The dracophant was differentiated into three levels that represented a bottleneck.. Nangong He wasn’t strong enough, so he was stuck at the dragon cloaw.

Taking a deep breath, Lin Yun could sense a dense astral energy pouring over to him as he breathed. Even the origin energy in his violet palace had become a lot more refined.

I can cultivate by breathing? Lin Yun was surprised. The pillar was undoubtedly a precious treasure.

Fang Shaoyu, Zhu Qingshan, and Zhao Chen were shocked when they saw this scene. It was tough even for them to get close, but Lin Yun had easily reached a third of the height. The difference in their strengths was too great.

With a single thought, Lin Yun brought out his spiritual sword intent and azure sword rays flashed on the surface of his body. Then, he soared into the sky and pierced through countless barriers in the blink of an eye with metallic collisions echoing out.

But Lin Yun clearly wasn’t satisfied. Empowering his sword intent with Immortal Azure Dragon Aura, a thunderstorm began to roar around him that broke two barriers. As his clothes fluttered, he gently leaped 100 meters into the air. Then, he looked at the head with great temptation.

“Forget it.” Lin Yun’s eyes flashed because he didn’t have to take the risk. The city could resist the demonic aura in the atmosphere outside, so there must be a huge secret here. For now, Lin Yun didn’t dare to try anything carelessly as he wasn’t sure if there was anything beneficial with the head.

“The astral energy here is the densest. I should go into seclusion here.” Lin Yun took out the astral pellets and started circulating his Azure Firmament Sword Sutra. In the next second, lightning began to envelop the entire pillar as the surrounding astral energy was devoured. At this moment, boundless starlight was poured into the Azure Firmament Tree behind Lin Yun.

When Fang Shaoyu and the others saw that Lin Yun didn’t try to go on top of the head, they felt relieved. But when they looked at the scene before them, they were briefly stunned. Lin Yun was really terrifying to cultivate in this manner. If someone else was in his position, their bodies would explode after an hour. But with Lin Yun’s sword intent and his Azure Dragon Enneaform, he started cultivating without any hesitation.

Then, an unbelievable thing occurred for Lin Yun.

I’m going to make a breakthrough soon. Lin Yun pondered inwardly as he was about to make a breakthrough in the Iris Sword Sutra soon. The Iris Sword Sutra’s origin had exceeded his expectation because he initially used the Azure Firmament Sword Sutra to devour the Iris Sword Sutra. This meant that he would have to give up on the Iris Sword Sutra.

But the Iris Sword Sutra remained in a peculiar manner. The unbelievable part was that his Azure Firmament Sword Sutra quickly reached the eighth stage, but his Iris Sword Sutra was still stuck in the pinnacle twelfth stage. It was odd because the tenth stage of the Azure Firmament Sword Sutra was equivalent to the sixteenth stage of the Iris Sword Sutra.

Even if the Iris Sword Sutra was incomplete, it was clear that its grade was a lot higher than the Azure Firmament Sword Sutra. If the Iris Sword Sutra merged with the Azure Firmament Sword Sutra, it would definitely exceed an overlord fortune martial technique.

According to Yue Weiwei, a greater fortune martial technique was rare, even in the Kunlun Realm. However, each technique required a certain cultivation. For instance, overlord fortune martial techniques could only be cultivated by Heavenly Soul Realm experts. In fact, one would need to reach the first soul of the Heavenly Soul Realm.

Lin Yun had reached an unprecedented path. He wasn’t in the Heavenly Soul Realm, but he could cultivate two sword sutras at the same time. Doing so, he gained a power that far exceeded overlord fortune martial techniques. This alone was terrifying, not to mention that he had grasped the spiritual sword intent before reaching the Heavenly Soul Realm.

This was probably why Lin Yun was able to grasp the immortal spiritual sword intent before reaching the Heavenly Soul Realm. With the astral pellets in his hands, he could probably reach the 9th stage in the Azure Firmament Sword Sutra and the 13th stage in the Iris Sword Sutra.

Lin Yun became curious if there would be a transformation if he had a breakthrough in both sword sutras. After devouring the astral pellets, Lin Yun could refine the boundless astral energy just by breathing. So his cultivation speed reached an unbelievable speed.

As time passed, the azure sword ray surrounding Lin Yun grew even denser and his origin energy boiled violently within his body. He could sense that it wouldn’t take long for his Azure Firmament Sword Sutra to reach the 9th stage. At the same time, the bottleneck of his Iris Sword Sutra had loosen up. There was a high possibility that both sword sutras would make a breakthrough at the same time.

In the blink of an eye, ten days had passed. Fang Shaoyu, Zhu Qingshan, and Zhao Chen didn’t slack in their cultivation. They weren’t in a rush to make a breakthrough and tempered their cultivation in the quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm to reach the limit.

They would travel during the day to temper themselves along with Lil’ Red. This formation was more than enough to deal with some of the powerful demonic beasts outside. Their harvest was rich as the demonic beasts in the Heavenly Path had refined astral energy since birth. So a beast core was equivalent to nearly a hundred astral pellets, not to mention that those pellets would even contain ancient bloodlines.

The bloodlines were useless to Fang Shaoyu, Zhu Qingshan, and Zhao Chen, but it was extremely beneficial to Lil’ Red. It helped purify and awaken Lil’s Red’s bloodline. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“I wonder when Lin Yun will be done. We’ve gathered quite a bit of information over the past ten days,” said Fang Shaoyu. In addition to cultivating, they would spend time gathering information with the Flamecloud Realm as their main focus. They found out that the strongest person from the Flamecloud Realm was Feng Xuan.

He had already reached the pinnacle of Heavenly Soul Realm and could go through the tribulation at any time. However, the tribulation wasn’t so easy that anyone could get through it. If he succeeded, his strength would undergo a transformation that was equivalent to having another violet palace.

In addition to Feng Xuan, there were three others from the Flamecloud Realm who were stronger than Nangong He. Furthermore, they had also cultivated the Flamecloud Incinerating Palm to a high level.

The news of Lin Yun overtaking a Flamecloud Realm’s stronghold had already been spread out, which made everyone from the Flamecloud Realm furious. Fang Shaoyu, Zhu Qingshan, and Zhao Chen even heard that Feng Xuan might pay them a visit soon.

Information traveled swiftly in the Heavenly Path. If a realm’s prestige was damaged, people would want to try and replace them.

The city that Lin Yun took over became extremely popular because Lin Yun didn’t have any entrance fees. Whenever people entered the city, they became curious about the mysterious person cultivating on the pillar. When they found out about how Lin Yun killed Nangong He and his men, Lin Yun’s fame started to spread out.

While Fang Shaoyu, Zhu Qingshan, and Zhao Chen were casually chatting among themselves, a dazzling azure ray shined from the pillar as a terrifying aura enveloped the entire city.

“This is…?!” Fang Shaoyu, Zhu Qingshan, and Zhao Chen’s faces changed as they swiftly went to the roof. They could see a colossal tree on top of the pillar. The tree was bald and the branches looked like sharp swords.

“Brother Lin’s cultivation technique made a breakthrough!” Fang Shaoyu, Zhu Qingshan, and Zhao Chen rejoiced because they could sense that Lin Yun’s cultivation technique was extraordinary.

But before they finished exclaiming, another purple sword ray soared into the sky with petals that appeared around the pillar. Then, the petals joined the empty branches. This made the three widen their mouths in surprise because this phenomenon was simply too terrifying.