Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 882 - One Punch!

Yan Tie didn’t hesitate to throw punches aimed at Lin Yun’s heart, forehead, throat, and dantian. The terrifying shockwave spread out from the flames, destroying all the buildings within a few thousand meters and sending the spectators flying.

Then, the flames rumbled like thunder. If anyone got near Yan Tie, they would be killed. When Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan saw this, they turned pale. Lin Yun had just experienced a tribulation comparable to a Heavenly Soul Realm’s tribulation. He didn’t have any time to recover and now he was facing Yan Tie.

“How shameless!” Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan were enraged because Yan Tie was too shameless.

“So what? This is the Heavenly Path. He was a dead man the moment he jumped off the pillar. Don’t worry, the three of you are next.” The two geniuses that came with Yan Tie sneered as they wiped blood off their lips.

But when the cloud of dust dissipated, everyone was confused. Lin Yun was completely unscathed. His gaze was calm, indifferent, and even had a hint of ridicule. Was this all the Flamecloud Realm had?

“N-no! No! This is impossible!” Yan Tie’s face changed when he saw Lin Yun’s perfect condition. Fear started filling his face as he took several back steps, “This is impossible! I detected at least three of your flaws! How come you aren’t hurt?!”

As someone who was confident in his own strength, Yan Tie couldn’t understand what was going on. However, he wasn’t the only one feeling confused. No one could believe their eyes.

“Flaws?” Lin Yun spoke coldly, “You have no idea who you’re facing and what I've experienced. So what if you managed to find my flaw? Can an ant kill an elephant?”

Yan Tie suddenly recalled how Lin Yun stood on the dracophant’s head and didn’t die. Could it be that he didn’t rely on an artifact to protect himself, but his own strength?

Yan Tie’s face changed drastically as chills ran down his spine. Just what kind of monster did he provoke? Soon, the aura of death started to envelop him.

“Shit!” Yan Tie’s heart began to throb violently. Since he had many life and death experiences, he could feel the threat approaching. Without hesitation, he turned to run for his life. In that split second, he pushed his movement technique to the limit and disappeared.

When the spectators saw how quickly Yan Tie ran, they couldn’t help gasping.

“You think you’re faster than my sword?” Lin Yun’s cold voice echoed as he drew his sword. A brilliant light shined as his sword intent soared into the sky.

Lin Yun’s spiritual sword intent and azure dragon aura enveloped the entire city, which forced Yan Tie out of hiding. The violent sword intent in the surroundings had enveloped every corner of the city, making Yan Tie feel like he was trapped in quicksand.

“Damn it! Why can’t I move?!” Left with no other choice, Yan Tie turned around to face Lin Yun. However, the only thing he could see was Lin Yun’s dazzling sword ray.

The sword ray contained Lin Yun’s spiritual sword intent at greater mastery combined with the azure dragon aura. When Yan Tie saw this scene, his eyeballs nearly dropped out of their sockets in despair.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Come back!” Lin Yun barked with his eyes shining brightly. As his spiritual sword intent charged forward, the Azure Firmament Tree appeared behind him with branches covered in purple petals. When the purple and azure light shined brightly, a boundless energy started to drag Yan Tie over to Lin Yun.

“N-no! The two of you run! Have Senior Brother Feng Xuan take revenge for me!” Yan Tie struggled in despair because he realized that there was nothing he could do before Lin Yun’s sword intent. He even tried to circulate his origin energy to execute the Flamecloud Incinerating Palm. However, he soon discovered that his origin energy and even his blood had frozen under Lin Yun’s sword intent.

When the Iris Flowers bloomed on the Azure Firmament Tree, Lin Yun’s spiritual sword intent reached the state of complete mastery. Under this level of sword intent, the entire world began to tremble beneath Lin Yun’s foot. Cracks even appeared on the demonic clouds in the sky because of his sword intent.

“You gave me forty-six punches, but I’ll only give you one.” Lin Yun clenched his fist and empowered it with his sword intent and origin energies from both of his sword sutras. At the same time, dragon runes began to squirm on the surface of his body.

When Lin Yun threw his punch out, a booming noise echoed out. By the time everyone recovered from shock, Yan Tie had disappeared and the only thing left was blood in the sky. Many people were shocked that Lin Yun only used one punch to kill Yan Tie.

At this moment, Lin Yun became a monster in everyone’s eyes. It was impressive enough for someone to grasp the spiritual sword intent before reaching the Heavenly Soul Realm. But not only did Lin Yun grasp the spiritual sword intent, he even brought it to complete mastery. This meant that he was only a step away from grasping the third grade sword intent, not to mention that Lin Yun even merged the azure dragon aura and immortal intent into his sword intent. This achievement wasn’t something a run of the mill genius could achieve.

“Boss!” When the two who came along with Yan Tie turned around, they saw the scene of Yan Tie being killed. Their faces paled as they shivered in fear.

“Split up! Aside from Senior Brother Feng Xuan, no one else in the Flamecloud Realm can fight with him!” The two no longer dared to stay.

But right at this moment, a voice rang in their ears, which made their bodies tremble, “Since you came here, don’t bother leaving!”

The emotionless voice instantly made their hearts sink. In the next moment, they felt the surrounding atmosphere heat up like they were in a pool of magma. When they raised their heads, they had dismay written on their faces.

Four gold flaming seals formed a circle as a huge flaming palm descended from the sky. Before the two could even close their mouths from shock, they were turned into minced meat.

As the palm continued to descend, the entire city quaked. When everything settled down, a huge crater was left for everyone to see. Shockingly, Lin Yun had used the Flamecloud Incinerating Palm and even reached the stage of four gold seals.

The two that Lin Yun just killed would never figure out how Lin Yun cultivated a greater fortune martial technique from the Flamecloud Realm to such heights.

Some distance away, Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan sucked in a cold breath. They had just witnessed Lin Yun kill the second strongest from the Flamecloud Realm with a punch and two others with a single palm.

“Are you guys alright?” A voice sounded out that dragged them back to reality. Lin Yun was checking up on them.

“We’re fine. We just suffered some light injuries.” Fang Shaoyu shook his head with a bitter smile. Yan Tie only released his pressure, but that was enough to immobilize the three of them. They didn’t know if Yan Tie was too weak or if Lin Yun was simply too strong.

After the tribulation last night, Lin Yun’s strength had undergone a transformation. He was no longer comparable to his old self from ten days ago. His fighting prowess had grown twofold, and his strength became deep and unfathomable to his friends.

“Your sword intent…” Zhu Qingshan questioned unconfidently. His words instantly caused Fang Shaoyu and Zhao Chen to stare at Lin Yun. Just a moment ago, when the Iris Flowers bloomed on the Azure Firmament Tree, they could sense that Lin Yun made another breakthrough in his sword intent.

“My spiritual sword intent is now at complete mastery. I’m half a step away from the third grade,” said Lin Yun as he affirmed Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan’s speculations.

When the trio heard it from Lin Yun himself, they couldn’t help choking on their spit. Among all martial intents, sword and saber intents were known to be the hardest to comprehend. Others were still struggling to make a breakthrough to the second grade, but Lin Yun was already one step away from the third grade.

Suddenly, Lil’ Red arrived with three interspatial pouches. Lin Yun merely glanced into them before giving them to Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan.

“Let’s go.” Lin Yun looked around the city before he directed his gaze forward.

“Where to?”

“Let’s go to the Thunderflame City and meet this Feng Xuan. This is starting to get annoying,” said Lin Yun with cold eyes. He wasn’t a pushover by any means and his patience had finally run out.