Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 883 - Divine Dragon Statue

As the scorching sun pierced through the clouds, the city’s wall was filled with people that were watching four departing people. Everyone was surprised that the four people were headed for the Thunderflame City.

Feng Xuan, the strongest person from the Flamecloud Realm was in Thunderflame City. As the leader of the Flamecloud Realm’s party, he had long reached the pinnacle with the qualification to go undergo the Heavenly Soul Realm tribulation. There were seven stages in the Heavenly Soul Realm, and it was just a matter of time for geniuses in the Heavenly Path to reach the first soul. The only challenge was going through the tribulation.

It required an astronomical sum of resources which would be taxing on ordinary geniuses. Additionally, one had to have a high enough cultivation technique to come in contact with the tribulation. If the cultivation technique wasn’t high quality, the amount of resources one had wouldn’t even matter. One would need a greater fortune martial technique at the very least.

Since it was so difficult to get through the tribulation, having the qualification to go through one was a symbol of strength. This was why everyone was baffled why Lin Yun wanted to head to Thunderflame City where such a powerful enemy was waiting for him.

However, they soon calmed down. After all, there were so many ruins in the Heavenly Path waiting to be found and the competition would surely be brutal. If Lin Yun didn’t even dare to head for Thunderflame City, how would he rise in the Heavenly Path?

Seven days later, Lin Yun, Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan were seated on a barren mountain with boundless astral energy that enveloped them.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

From the stronghold they were in, Thunderflame City wasn’t far. They could reach their destination in just five days. Just three days ago, Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan reached the limit in their quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm before reaching the Heavenly Soul Realm smoothly. This was the reason why their journey was delayed.

Their aura wasn’t comparable to Yan Tie, but they weren’t any weaker than Nangong He. The three of their aptitudes weren’t bad, but the grade of their cultivation techniques were a little bad. The three of their cultivation techniques were basically lesser fortune martial techniques. So it would be hard for them to obtain the qualification of going through the Heavenly Soul Realm tribulation.

They could only place their hope in Thunderflame City. They might get lucky and obtain a greater fortune martial technique from the ruins around the city. If they couldn’t go through the tribulation, they would forever stay at the bottom of the totem pole and never open an aura ocean. But if they could open an aura ocean, they could face ten geniuses in the first soul Heavenly Soul Realm who hadn’t gone through the tribulation.

Lin Yun also didn’t waste his time during the seven days. He had successfully learned the ninth form of the Azure Firmament Thirteen Swords, which increased the power of his sword technique by a little. But it didn’t bring much joy to Lin Yun. Compared to the Overlord Sword and Dustlight Sword Art, there wasn’t an increase in power in the first nine forms of the Azure Firmament Thirteen Swords.

He had to rely on his two sword sutras to increase the lethality of his attack, since the first nine forms were weaker than Supreme Dominance and Terranean Destruction. Right now, his strongest attack was Terranean Destruction as it combined nine phenomena.

“I have to get the killing moves to the manifestation stage,” muttered Lin Yun. The tenth to twelfth forms in the Azure Firmament Thirteen Sword were known as killing moves, which meant that they would kill the moment they were executed. Those three moves were on a whole new level in the Azure Firmament Thirteen Sword. At the same time, only those moves could fully unleash the might of his complete mastery of spiritual sword intent.

Just as Lin Yun fell into deep thoughts, Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan woke up from their cultivation with excitement. They were also looking at Lin Yun with appreciation in their eyes. The reason why they could reach the limit of their quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm was thanks to the resources Lin Yun snatched from the Flamecloud Realm. Otherwise, who knew how long it would take them to get this far.

“We’ll be reaching Thunderflame City in about two days.” Lin Yun looked at the three and asked, “How much do you guys understand about that city?”

“We gathered some information when you were in seclusion.” Fang Shaoyu put his thoughts together and then spoke, “Among the hundreds of cities in Glorysun Land, Thunderflame City is barely considered a large-scale dragon city. Even a realm as powerful as the Flamecloud Realm doesn’t dare to shine too brightly in the city. So, Feng Xuan only has some fame there.”

If someone with the qualification to undergo the tribulation succeeded, they would be considered a huge figure in the Thunderflame City. No one would dare to neglect an existence like that. Then again, tribulation also meant boundless dangers and even Feng Xuan didn’t dare to take the risk without confidence.

“It’s good news since Feng Xuan will be even more terrifying if he overcomes the tribulation,” said Fang Shaoyu in a grave expression.

Lin Yun didn’t utter a word as he fell into deep thoughts. Feng Xuan would truly be troublesome after the tribulation because his strength would undergo a transformation. If he hadn’t gone through the tribulation, there was nothing for Lin Yun to fear.

“Are there geniuses from the higher realms?” He asked.

“Nope.” Fang Shaoyu shook his head. “Glorysun Land doesn’t have anyone from the higher realms.”

“Oh?” Lin Yun’s eyes flashed with surprise because there was indeed something strange about the situation. He heard that anyone from the higher realm could suppress an entire city by themselves and he wanted to experience their strength. However, he never expected that the higher realm geniuses wouldn’t be in Glorysun Realm.

“That’s just what we’ve heard. We don’t know what the actual situation is until we get to the city. Perhaps there are geniuses from higher realms that just haven’t been discovered.” Fang Shaoyu speculated.

“It doesn’t matter. Are there any geniuses who have overcome their tribulation?” Lin Yun continued to ask.

“There are some, but they are all few in numbers. All of them are huge figures in Thunderflame City and Feng Xuan is nothing compared to them,” explained Fang Shaoyu.

That little? Lin Yun was surprised. Then again, it explained why Feng Xuan had a position in Thunderflame City.

“I heard that the reason why the higher realm geniuses aren’t in Glorysun Land is because of the Glorysun Spirit.” Zhu Qingshan suddenly interrupted everyone with information. “But I’m not even sure what that is. We can only find out more about it after reaching Thunderflame City.”

Glorysun Spirit? Lin Yun fell into deep thoughts because the Heavenly Path had a lot of secrets.

“Let's go. I’m more interested in Thunderflame City now.” Lin Yun’s eyes flashed because he had a feeling that the true stage in the Heavenly Path began in Thunderflame City.

Two days later, the four of them could see the outline of a majestic and ancient city in the distance. The city was so large that it looked like a dragon was lying on the ground.

There was no question that this city was Thunderflame City. How could something as massive as this barely be considered a large-scale city in Glorysun Land?

Lin Yun was shocked because Glorysun Land was a lot bigger than he had imagined. Thunderflame City was just the tip of the iceberg in the Heavenly Path.

After an hour of travelling, they were finally outside the walls. The entire city looked like a titanic beast that could tear the sky apart at any moment. Lin Yun could sense an ancient fighting spirit emitting from the city walls.

Lin Yun wore a grave expression as he could sense how intense the battlefield was in ancient times. After all, the city walls emitted fighting spirits even after so many years had passed.

Behind the walls, boundless powerful auras surged out of the city. From the auras, an expert like Yan Tie couldn’t even cause a ripple. As for Fang Shaoyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan, they were completely stunned.

Lin Yun was the first to speak, “Let’s enter and obtain the dragon plaque first.”

After all, the dragon plaque was the prerequisite for one to attract the attention of Kunlun Realm’s powerful forces. There was no way this city would be dominated by a single group like the previous one was.

They entered the city smoothly and wore masks to conceal their identities. They did this because they weren’t sure if Feng Xuan had completed his tribulation.

Lin Yun had nothing to worry about because he wouldn’t need to fear Feng Xuan even if the latter had successfully made it through the tribulation. However, it was different for Fang Shanyu, Zhao Chen, and Zhu Qingshan. It wouldn’t hurt him to be cautious with these three around.

Then again, they weren’t the only ones with masks. Many people in the city wore either a hood or a mask. It was simple to obtain the dragon plaque, one had to pray before the Divine Dragon Statue to receive the statue’s gift.

The statue was located at the center of the city and was the most popular area. In addition to those receiving their plaques, there were also many experts who were at the center to refine astral energy. The marketplace was also at the center of the city because of the sheer number of people that were gathered.

When Lin Yun and his group stepped into the city, they were instantly shocked by the statue at the center of the city.