Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 892 - Demonic Soul Fruit

Roars from demonic beasts would occasionally echo out in Flamefeather Mountain Range. It was a sign that Liu Yun and his group had begun their hunt. Meanwhile, Chen Xuan examined Lin Yun and Lil’ Red. A brief moment later, his eyes flashed with surprise.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Is that a Dragon-blooded Cat?” Chen Xuan asked in surprise, which instantly drew the attention of Qin Feng and the others.

Lin Yun nodded his head and didn’t deny it.

“It really is a Dragon-blooded Cat with a rather pure bloodline. A demonic beast like that is rare to find in the Heavenly Path,” said Qin Feng enviously. WWhen he looked at Lin Yun again, he realized that he couldn’t see through Lin Yun anymore.

Suddenly, Lin Yun thought of something and asked, “Brother Qin, why haven’t I seen anyone from the higher realms in Glorysun Land? Logically speaking, wouldn’t they be interested in the emergence of the Glorysun Spirit?”

If the geniuses from the higher realms were present, it would be impossible for the likes of Qin Feng to obtain the Glorysun Spirit.

Chen Xuan and Qin Feng exchanged a glance before Chen Xuan smiled, “Qin Feng, you explain to him.”

Nodding his head, Qin Feng explained, “The Azure Dragon Region has seven astral lands. The higher realm geniuses gathered in all the ancestral lands except for Glorysun Land and Glorymoon Land. The Glorygold, Glorywood, Glorywater, Gloryfire, and Gloryearth Spirits have the highest worth. They’re not just keys to unlock the Azure Dragon Forbidden Realm, but they can also be used to strengthen your martial intent. Plus, they can assist you in cultivation.”

“Before the Azure Dragon Forbidden Realm opens, the astral spirits are the best treasures you can find in the Heavenly Path. Only high-grade spiritual pellets, advanced fortune martial techniques, or dao artifacts are comparable. Finding them required immense luck, but the astral spirits were entirely different. You can obtain them as long as you’re strong enough.”

“Does that mean that the Glorysun and Glorymoon Spirits aren’t capable of strengthening martial intent or assisting cultivation?” Lin Yun asked.

Shaking his head, Qin Feng smiled, “That’s definitely not the case. Logically speaking, these two are the strongest. But they’ve been sealed since ancient times and not many people can break the seals. This is why the geniuses from higher realms place their eyes on the five other astral spirits. After all, the benefits from those astral spirits are practically guaranteed.”

“That might not be the case,” smiled Chen Xuan.

“What do you mean?” Qin Feng’s face changed. The Highcloud Realm was considered a top-tier realm among the intermediate realms. It even had geniuses in all the seven astral lands. Chen Xuan’s party was only a small portion from the Highcloud Realm and Chen Xuan wasn’t the strongest from his realm. The leader of Highcloud Realm was Yang Lie whose cultivation was in the second soul Heavenly Soul Realm, not inferior in any way to geniuses from the higher realms.

Qin Feng only knew about the happenings in Glorysun Land, but the Highcloud Realm could gather information throughout the Azure Dragon Region. Perhaps Chen Xuan knew something he didn't.

Chen Xuan spoke vaguely, “The journey to the Flamefeather City is a lot more dangerous than you can imagine. No one can be sure that geniuses from the higher realms won’t come.”

Yan Kui took over the topic and smiled, “Even if geniuses from higher realms don't come, there are many formidable figures in Glorysun Land.”

After all, there were some powerful realms in Glorysun Land that weren’t weaker than the higher realms. At this moment, Chen Xuan’s face suddenly changed as a plaque appeared in his hand that flickered with crimson light. Qin Feng and Yan Kui’s faces changed because they knew that Liu Yun’s party had run into trouble.

“Let’s go.” Qin Feng charged towards the depths of the mountain range without hesitation.

“Let’s go and take a look,” muttered Lin Yun as he carried Lil’ Red and followed behind Qin Feng. They were extremely fast and reached Liu Yun’s party fairly quickly. Then, they saw another party with first soul Heavenly Soul Realm geniuses.

“They’re from the Flowlight City!” Qin Feng was surprised to see the other party. Flowlight City wasn’t far from Thunderflame City and also was a large-scale dragon city in Glorysun Land. The cities would bump heads with each other, so conflicts were normal.

Lin Yun also fell into deep thoughts as he examined the two youths who were leading the party. They were both in the pinnacle first soul Heavenly Soul Realm. Their temperament and strength stood out from their party like bright stars in the dark.

“They’re the Blackshark Realm’s Pei Yu and Leng Yue. They’re the strongest cultivators from Flowlight City and their strength is ranked in the top ten in Glorysun Land,” whispered Yan Kui softly to Lin Yun.

Lin Yun nodded his head and understood what was going on. Liu Yun’s party were lucky to obtain a Demonic Soul Fruit. It was a treasure that could only be found in the Heavenly Path. But because of the demonic aura, it couldn’t be refined directly. It could be used to temper origin energy and the physique, but the process was painful.

An ordinary Demonic Soul Fruit would sell for 100,000 astral pellets, so the quality of the one found by Liu Yun and his party wasn’t bad. The value of their Demonic Soul Fruit was a lot higher than normal. But the fruit was now in Pei Yu’s hand. Clearly, he had robbed Liu Yun.

It was a common scene in Flamefeather Mountain Range. After all, the strong would prey on the weak. A Demonic Soul Fruit wasn’t that precious, but it was humiliating to have something stolen before entering Flamefeather City. It was even worse because Liu Yun lost it to Flowlight City.

“What a coincidence seeing you guys here. Brother Qin, thank you for the Demonic Soul Fruit. I can use it to temper my origin energy before entering Flamefeather City. Well then, goodbye.” Pei Yu toyed with the Demonic Soul Fruit in his hand and stood before Qin Feng without any fear in his eyes. When he was done, he left with his party. He clearly looked down on Thunderflame City.

“You can leave, but leave the fruit behind,” said Chen Xuan as he stepped forward.

“Who the hell do you think you are to threaten me?” Pei Yu questioned coldly as he smiled.

“Highcloud Realm, Chen Xuan.” Chen Xuan gave his origin without any changes on his face.

The party from Flowlight City were surprised to hear the name Highcloud Realm because they were famous in Glorysun Land. Chen Xuan was the strongest in Thunderflame City, but he kept a low profile and rarely interacted with anyone from Flowlight City. So this was the first time Pei Yu and Leng Yue had seen Chen Xuan.

Pei Yu’s face changed briefly when he heard that before he said, “How embarrassing. We’ve heard of the Highcloud Realm, but it’s a pity that you’re not the Highcloud Realm’s Mu Yan. You don’t have the qualifications to make me hand the fruit over with just your words.”

“If Senior Brother Mu was here, you wouldn’t even dare to utter a single word,” said Liu Yun. Clearly, he was unhappy that his Demonic Soul Fruit was robbed.

Chen Xuan reached out to stop Liu Yun and looked at Pei Yu, “The Demonic Soul Fruit might not be precious and I don’t mind giving it to you. However, my junior brother has his eye on it, so it won’t be easy for you to leave!”

As Chen Xuan spoke, his tone gradually became serious. He was bound to compete with them in Flamefeather City, so there was no need for him to take a step back. Otherwise, he would look like a pushover when he entered Flamefeather City.

The atmosphere gradually became tense as both parties stood in confrontation. The Blackshark Realm had quite a bit of people as they had five different first soul Heavenly Soul Realm geniuses. Their formation was slightly stronger than Chen Xuan’s formation.

Even though Chen Xuan knew this, he couldn’t take a step back since this matter involved his prestige. If they took a step back, they might as well give up on the Flamefeather City now.

“Interesting.” Pei Yu’s eyes flickered as he looked around with a smile, “I get it. If you guys take a step back now, you might as well give up on the Glorysun Spirit. But there’s no need for the two of our parties to fall out. How about this, we both attack once and the winner takes the fruit.”

“It’s for the best. The Blackshark Realm isn’t any weaker than Highcloud Realm. If we really start a fight, it will be hard to say who will win,” whispered Yan Kui. If it was just an exchange of a single move, everyone could easily accept the result.

Chen Xuan didn’t hesitate as he quickly stepped forward. Lin Yun was interested to watch the fight between two first soul Heavenly Soul Realm geniuses. After all, these people had unlocked their aura ocean, which was equivalent to having a second source of origin energy.

Since there was an opportunity, Lin Yun wanted to know how strong they were and if he could fight them in the future. After all, he cultivated two sword sutras at the same time and had more origin energy than ordinary Heavenly Soul Realm experts. Even if he didn’t use his sword intent, he could still firmly suppress the likes of Feng Xuan.

On the empty ground, Pei Yu stored the Demonic Soul Fruit and took a step forward, “You have to be careful. I naturally have confidence since I dared to suggest this method. It won’t be easy for you to take the Demonic Soul Fruit away from me.”

Facing Pei Yu’s ‘good intentioned’ warning, Chen Xuan raised his brow and smiled, “Don’t be too confident. Otherwise, it’ll be embarrassing if you lose.”

Without any signs, both sides pushed out a palm while their origin energy rippled out like an ocean. When their palms came into contact, cracks began to spread on the ground and the surrounding trees turned into ashes from the shockwave.

Immediately, the Flowlight City and Thunderflame City’s parties quickly executed various means to block the shockwave. When the cloud of dust dissipated, Chen Xuan took three steps back while Pei Yue took four steps back.