Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 899 - Scheme

Lin Yun’s words made everyone hold their breaths. It naturally felt unbelievable to them that a quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm from a lower realm actually dared to speak to Chen Qiong in this manner.

When Chen Qiong heard Lin Yun, his face sank because he had never experienced something like this before. He could sense that Lin Yun’s sword intent was terrifying, but Lin Yun was only in the quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm. So what if Lin Yun grasped spiritual sword intent? Restricted by his own cultivation, Chen Qiong was confident that he could kill Lin Yun with a punch.

So where did Lin Yun get his confidence from? Was he insane?

There were many fearless people in the Heavenly Path, but Chen Qiong had never met someone so foolish before. Could it be that Lin Yun was really confident? No matter how he thought about it,Lin Yun was still trash.

As Chen Qiong quickly processed his thoughts, he suddenly smiled, “Alright. I’ll give you a chance. If you can take a punch from me, I’ll acknowledge your qualification to enter the Hidden Treasure Pavilion. I also won’t mind letting you have the interspatial pouches here.”

No matter how unbelievable it was, Chen Qiong ultimately chose to be cautious and probe Lin Yun’s strength first.

”Sure.” Lin Yun nodded after a brief pondering. He hadn’t fought with a genius from a higher realm, so this was a good opportunity for him. But his attitude made Chen Quong’s face become nasty as if he was the one begging Lin Yun.

With killing intent flashing in his eyes, Chen Qiong roared and started circulating his origin energy. Filled with power, a terrifying aura started to spread from Chen Qiong.

“Violet Purgatory Demonic Fist!” It was the attack Chen Qiong had used earlier. When he used it once more, a gigantic purple fist with flaming chains flew out. Under the immense pressure of the fist, cracks spread out on the ground.

This time, the attack had a fixed target. Plus, it had the power to kill an ordinary first soul Heavenly Soul Realm genius.

The incoming wind made Lin Yun’s hair and clothes flutter. He looked like a small raft that was about to be devoured by a thunderstorm. Right at this moment, Lin Yun circulated his sword sutras and started accumulating his sword intent.

When a sword hum suddenly rang out, the very air started to crack from the pressure. Lin Yun’s sword intent could even tear space apart.

Lin Yun stood firmly on the ground like a sword as he released an azure-purple glow. At this moment, all of the spectators were gasping because Lin Yun actually grasped spiritual sword intent. This meant that Lin Yun was a monster who comprehended spiritual sword intent in the quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm!

“As I expected.” Chen Qiong sneered. “So what if you have spiritual sword intent? It’s nothing before absolute strength! Now, die!”

Then, more starlight shined around Lin Yun. As he circulated his sword intent, his spiritual sword intent went from lesser mastery to greater mastery. Then, he finally threw his punch.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When his punch flew forward, his origin energy exploded a few thousand times with a violent shockwave that left the bystanders in pain. When his punch collided with Chen Qiong’s attack, the gigantic purple fist shattered while Chen Qiong was blown away.

“Greater mastery of spiritual sword intent!” Chen Qiong looked at Lin Yun who only took three steps back and gnashed his teeth. He didn’t use all of his strength in the attack, but neither did Lin Yun. IN fact, Lin Yun casually punched him without any martial techniques. At this moment, he knew that he couldn’t allow Lin Yun to survive and completely forgot about his promise earlier.

“Don’t be rude.” Before Chen Qiong could even respond, Lin Yun had already moved. The Azure Firmament Tree appeared behind him with Iris Flowers blooming on the branches. Then, he unleashed the Flamecloud Incinerating Palm. But this time, there were six gold seals that enveloped the entire heaven and earth.

Even if Chen Qiong could respond in time, he was still caught by surprise and threw dozens of punches in a panic. Although he ultimately managed to destroy the flaming palm, he was also backed into a corner as his back touched the Hidden Treasure Pavilion. Suddenly, the restriction on the pavilion was activated and Chen Qiong was sent flying. Under both impacts, Chen Qiong began to leak blood.

“Thank you for the win,” said Lin Yun. When Chen Qiong raised his head, he could see Lin Yun donned in azure clothes as a Dragon-blooded Cat sat on his shoulder. When the Dragon-blooded Cat squinted its eyes, a cold light flashed that left Chen Qiong feeling fearful.

At this moment, Lin Yun seemed deep and unfathomable. Wiping the blood off his lips, the killing intent in Chen Qiong’s eyes dissipated as he replied, “A gentleman’s promise must be kept. I won’t pursue the interspatial pouches, but don’t think for a second that you can do whatever you want just because of your spiritual sword intent.”

Chen Qiong’s words left everyone confused. Was he actually taking a step back and trying to end things? Was this really a genius from the higher realms who looked down on everyone? Was a genius from the higher realm actually taking a step back before a quasi-Heavenly Soul Realm genius?

It was simply unbelievable. Just a moment ago, they were thinking of killing Lin Yun. However, the tables had turned. They couldn’t imagine what would have happened if they really attacked Lin Yun. Most likely, none of them would have survived Lin Yun’s retaliation.

Lin Yun raised his head and looked at Chen Qiong strangely. Do whatever I want? His greater mastery of spiritual sword intent might not be able to allow him to do whatever he wants. But what about his complete mastery of spiritual sword intent combined with the immortal azure dragon aura and Three Heavenly Divides? At the very least, it was more than enough for him to deal with Chen Qiong.

Right at this moment, a brown figure charged over from the distance as he split the clouds in two.

“Xian Yunzhen!” Chen Qiong’s face changed slightly before he peeked at Lin Yun. Seeing that Lin Yun had no idea who he was, he explained, “He’s a genius from the Myriadlight Realm. The foundation of the Myriadlight Realm is on par with Feng Wuji’s Bloodbone Realm and Mo Han’s Blackflame Realm. Even if he doesn’t have a dao artifact of his own, none of the top geniuses outside of the Azure Dragon Ranking dare to provoke him.”

A total of four geniuses in Flamefeather City were ranked immediately below the Azure Dragon Ranking. They were Feng Wuji, Mo Han, Shi Feng, and Chen An. All four of them had a low-grade dao artifact. If Xian Yunzhen was comparable to them, he must have terrifying strength.

When Xian Yunzhen arrived in front of the Hidden Treasure Pavilion, his gaze was fixed on Chen Qiong. “Do you want to monopolize it or split it with me?”

Geniuses from higher realms had an agreement not to act against each other in Flamefeather City unless absolutely necessary. They knew how terrifying the other higher realms were, so killing someone from another realm was equivalent to provoking an entire realm. This would result in a war between two realms, which was a consequence that neither side could accept.

Xian Yunzhen was a lot stronger than Chen Qiong, but there was nothing he could do since Chen Qiong discovered the Hidden Treasure Pavilion first. If it was someone from an intermediate realm, he would’ve just killed the person. But the Violetyang Realm behind Chen Qiong wasn’t a pushover, so he couldn’t act despite being stronger than Chen Xiong.

“Since Young Master Yunzhen is here, why would I monopolize it?” Chen Qiong smiled. “We can split it, but we have to include someone else.

“Him?” Xian Yunzhen turned to look at Lin Yun and fell into deep thoughts.

“He grasped the spiritual sword intent in greater mastery and we’re evenly matched,” said Chen Qiong.

“Evenly matched?” Xian Yunzhen looked at Chen Qiong deeply and smiled, “Why does it seem that you suffered a loss instead?”

“Haha. If you dare, you can come at me and see if I suffered a loss,” smiled Chen Qiong, not willing to show his weak side.

“No need. We will have to depend on our strength in the Hidden Treasure Pavilion. What’s his name?” Xian Yunzhen asked, but his question left Chen Qiong briefly stunned because he also didn’t know Lin Yun’s name.

“I’m the Profound Amber Realm’s Lin Yun,” said Lin Yun calmly.

“Profound Amber Realm?” Chen Qiong and Xian Yunzhen’s faces became peculiar because they had clearly never heard of the Profound Amber Realm.

Lin Yun naturally noticed their expression because he knew that the geniuses from higher realms were arrogant. If he came from a powerful sect, they would give him some respect, even if he wasn’t strong. But if he was from a nameless realm, they wouldn’t even place him in their eyes.

“Let’s talk after we go in. Brother Lin, why don’t you open the gate for us. I would also like to see your spiritual sword intent in greater mastery,” said Xian Yunzhen. Xian Yunzhen was giving off a powerful aura that instantly seized command of the group. He clearly wanted to test Lin Yun’s strength.

So what if Lin Yun was evenly matched with Chen Qiong? So what if Lin Yun grasped the spiritual sword intent? Since he told him to break the gate, then Lin Yun had to break the gate obediently. This would put Lin Yun in a disadvantageous position since his failure would be the end of him.

If he didn’t break the gate, then Xian Yunzhen might kill him. This scheme startled Chen Qiong because he finally knew why Xian Yunzhen was someone that not even Feng Wuji and Mo Han would want to offend. He had clearly placed Lin Yun in a disadvantageous position with a flip of his hand. But to Lin Yun, simple little schemes like this were a joke.