Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 924 - Divine Sunbreaking Seal

It had been five days since Lin Yun left Flamefeather City. He spent each day cultivating ten divine astral pellets. With the divine astral pellets, his cultivation was a lot faster than normal.

If he continued cultivating in this manner, he would probably face his tribulation in ten days. Aside from the rapid increase in cultivation, the divine astral pellets also strengthened Lin Yun’s foundation. The stronger his foundation was, the stronger he would be.

Ordinary geniuses could only refine a few hundred thousand astral pellets in their tribulation at best. However, those from the higher realms could refine as much as a few million astral pellets. At the same time, the geniuses who refined more astral pellets in their tribulation would be a lot stronger than those who refined a little. It was the reason why the higher realms stood above everyone else.

Strength depended on the grade of one’s cultivation technique, the strength of their physique and the talent of their comprehension. There was naturally nothing to say about Lin Yun’s comprehension. His cultivation techniques might not be especially heaven-defying, but he was able to cultivate two at the same time which made up for the difference in grades. Simultaneously, the strength of his physique was considered top-tier.

So the effects of the divine astral pellets fully excavated Lin Yun’s strength. Using the divine astral pellets to forge his foundation, his physique would be able to refine 1,000 divine astral pellets by the time he faced his tribulation.

1,000 divine astral pellets were equivalent to 10,000,000 astral pellets. It was enough to put him above the geniuses from the higher realms.

“The geniuses on the Azure Dragon Ranking probably refined four to five million astral pellets in their tribulation. I can easily deal with them right now. However, the trouble lies with those who are in the second soul…” muttered Lin Yun.

It would probably be troublesome for him to face second soul Heavenly Soul Realm geniuses from the higher realms at his current level. In fact, he had no confidence to face those whose martial intent was at the same level as him.

His sword intent was his biggest reliance when fighting those stronger than him. However, the Azure Dragon Ranking definitely was full of people that were stronger than the likes of Feng Wuji and Mo Han.

His sword intent had already reached a bottleneck and reaching the third grade sword intent was a lot tougher than he had imagined.

“I need a breakthrough in my sword intent or my cultivation. As long as I can make a breakthrough in one of them, I’ll be able to confront the second soul Heavenly Soul Realm geniuses at the bottom of the Azure Dragon Ranking.” Lin Yun soon came to the conclusion that this period of time would be dangerous to him.

It was a little troublesome to make a breakthrough in his sword intent because he couldn’t do it with his current resources. As for his cultivation, he was confident that he would reach the first soul in no more than 15 days.

Thinking about cultivation, Lin Yun looked at Lil’ Red who was cultivating not too far from him. Lil’ Red had reached the first soul Heavenly Soul Realm thanks to the Millennium Flame. It even underwent the tribulation while Lin Yun was fighting for the Glorysun Spirit. So in terms of cultivation, it was stronger than Lin Yun.

The talent from Lil’ Red’s bloodline made Lin Yun envious.

“Ten days. I’ll give the tribulation a try in ten days. These next ten days will be crucial for me. As long as I can make a breakthrough, I’ll have enough strength to protect myself against the Azure Dragon Ranking!” Lin Yun quietly focused on himself.

As long as he reached the first soul Heavenly Soul Realm, his cultivation and foundation would improve. At that time, his transformation would be more drastic than when he reached the Heavenly Soul Realm.

Since the three higher realms were after him, he needed more trump cards. Gently patting his interspatial pouch, Lin Yun retrieved the Divine Glorysun Fist jade slip.𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

He wouldn’t normally cultivate an advanced fortune martial technique in such a hurry, but he didn’t have any other choice. He needed to become strong quickly.

The Divine Glorysun Fist had a total of nine forms, and each form was terrifying. As long as he could learn one of them, he would have a new trump card. If he could bring it to a high stage, he would be able to kill his opponent with a blinding brilliance comparable to the sun.

Placing the jade slip on his forehead, boundless information started flowing into his mind. The first thing that he saw was a majestic golden seal. He could see a mysterious figure clenching his right fist while forming a complicated seal with his left hand.

The Divine Sun Breaking Seal was the name of the seal that the mysterious figure was forming. It was a seal with a long history. The creator comprehended the seal by observing the sun in ancient times. The true intent behind it was to destroy everything with the power of the sun.

Unfortunately, the seal that was passed down wasn’t complete. Even so, the Divine Glorysun Fist was a powerful advanced fortune martial technique.

The essence of it lay in the immortality of the divine sun that one had to comprehend from the sun. If one couldn’t comprehend it, they wouldn’t be able to use the seal to cultivate the Divine Glorysun Fist.

Lin Yun slowly comprehended the information before gaining insight. The glory of the sun had lasted since ancient times, and all martial techniques derived from the sun were extremely powerful. At the same time, it was dangerous for one to cultivate as they might get incinerated if they weren’t careful.

The glory of the divine sun was even more terrifying than the glory of an ordinary sun. Suddenly, the person that Lin Yun was watching opened his eyes. Two blinding lights shot out as he formed an ancient seal with his left hand. When the seal was completely formed and the man made a fist, it looked like an undying sun was shining its brilliance.

Lin Yun’s heart started to beat wildly because he could feel his soul melting. When he opened his eyes, he quickly removed the jade slip above his pale face.

He now knew why advanced fortune martial techniques couldn’t be casually cultivated. The brilliance he saw was endless and he couldn’t comprehend it at all. If he lasted a moment more under the brilliance, he would have been incinerated.

It was still too forceful for him to cultivate an advanced fortune martial technique when he was only in the first soul Heavenly Soul Realm. Fortunately, he didn’t try to cultivate the Ten Profound Steps or else would have died.

Could it be that they really couldn’t cultivate it? Lin Yun looked at the jade slip in his hand and fell into deep thoughts. He couldn’t accept that he had to wait ten days. Even worse, he had to wait for the second soul to start on the Ten Profound Steps.

Suddenly, an idea flashed through his mind. His cultivation might not be high, but he could protect himself with his immortal spiritual sword intent.

“As long as I can last until the seal is thrown, I should be able to comprehend it with my talent.” Lin Yun immediately shut his eyes and placed the jade slip on his forehead. Then, he pushed his spiritual sword intent to complete mastery.

Very quickly, he saw the person recorded in the jade slip once more. As the man formed the seal, the brilliance grew brighter and brighter in the form of an ocean.

The man started to move, which meant that the Divine Sun Breaking Seal’s power was about to be revealed. Everything happened in an instant. When the man threw his punch, the massive ocean was torn to pieces along with Lin Yun’s immortal spiritual sword intent.

When Lin Yun opened his eyes, he threw out a mouthful of blood. But even so, his eyes were radiating with excitement.

“That was so fast. At least I got to see the Divine Sun Breaking Seal. It can shatter heaven and earth with its glory. The sun is the surface and the divine sun is the core. If I want to comprehend the immortal divine sun, I’ll have to shatter the sun .” Lin Yun removed the jade slip after he gained comprehension.

As sunlight shined on Lin Yun, he started circulating the Divine Sun Breaking Seal. His origin energy started to condense under the sunlight.

As time passed, Lin Yun could sense his origin energy moving like a large body of water. But he still didn’t open his eyes. Instead, he formed a seal with his left hand just like he remembered. Then, he started to emit a golden brilliance, which started gathering like the glory of the sun.

When he exhausted half of his origin energy, the brilliance he emitted was just like the man in the jade slip. The scale of the phenomenon was large and proved that he had grasped the essence. He was halfway done with comprehending the Divine Sun Breaking Seal.

Meanwhile, he continued to form seals as his radiance manifested various phenomena. They were the same ones during the Glorysun Spirit’s emergence - the flaming birds, golden crow, and winged humans.

Lin Yun opened his eyes and the phenomena disappeared. Then, he soared into the sky and threw a punch, unleashing a burst of golden brilliance that dyed the forest in gold. After dying the forest in gold, everything started to burn.