Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 931 - Dangerous Tribulation

1,000 divine astral pellets were heaven-defying, so no one had ever dared to do something like this in the Heavenly Path. Even in the Kunlun Realm where heaven-defying geniuses were plenty, no one dared to be so insane. Essentially, adding 500 more divine astral pellets went beyond going insane.

“Screw it!” Lin Yun’s eyes flashed with a decisive light. The reason why he issued a challenge to the Bloodbone Realm was because he didn't want anyone to disrupt his tribulation.

Although he had Lil’ Red protecting him during this period of time, he still couldn’t guarantee that he would be free from any accidents. His best bet was to change the situation and make the Bloodbone Realm wait for him in Flamecloud City.

He knew that the Bloodbone Realm had no choice but to agree. Since they had agreed to it, they would surely send out someone powerful who might even be a third soul Heavenly Soul Realm genius. They were probably waiting for him to torture him to death.

Lin Yun’s eyes flashed with mockery because the geniuses from the higher realms were too prideful. Of course, they would do anything to cleanse themselves from their humiliation.

Lin Yun had to get strong or else he would be sending himself to die. After all, it was impossible for him to retreat since he already made a promise.

As a swordsman, he would never regret his decision or else his heart as a swordsman would shatter. So he had to cut open a path for himself no matter what.

Lin Yun’s eyes became focused with flames blazing in the depth of his pupils. Patting on his interspatial pouch, he tossed another 500 divine astral pellets on top of the pile. This made the astral energy in the atmosphere turn into a fog of golden flames, which eventually became a blazing ocean.

Even a third soul Heavenly Soul Realm expert would turn pale if he had to refine this many divine astral pellets. Then again, there were other people almost as insane as Lin Yun in the Heavenly Path.

Lin Yun was confident in this method because he was confident in his spiritual sword intent. This confidence was engraved deep in his bones and couldn’t be erased. In addition to his sword intent, his Azure Dragon Enneaform had also reached the unprecedented decaform. Since he spent the past few days refining divine astral pellets, his physique was accustomed to them and ready for this method.

With a gentle tap of the foot, Lin Yun soared into the flaming ocean and sat down. Suppressing his emotions, Lin Yun summoned the Azure Firmament Tree and Iris Flowers. Dealing with the phenomenon created by having 1,500 divine astral pellets was terrifying. However, it wasn’t that bad since Lin Yun cultivated two sword sutras.

Circulating both sword sutras, boundless astral energy started pouring into Lin Yun’s body. Immediately, the dragon runes on his skin started to shine brightly from the golden flames. Lin Yun had reached the pinnacle Heavenly Soul Realm a while ago, but he wanted to reach his absolute limit before attempting his tribulation.

But he couldn’t wait any longer. As the boundless astral energy poured into his body and turned into golden flames, the temperature of his body started increasing. It didn’t take long for dazzling azure-purple sword rays to start leaking from his pores.

Roasting from the flames, Lin Yun’s physique was instantly pushed to the limit. Lin Yun’s body was constantly releasing sword rays because it felt threatened by the phenomenon. Slowly but surely, Lin Yun’s physique and origin energy were transforming.

The transformation was smooth and progressed the way Lin Yun had imagined it would. However, the limit of his physique came much faster than he thought it would. It was only natural since Lin Yun increased the divine astral pellets he was going to use by five hundred.

Fortunately, his immortal spiritual sword intent was able to bear the pressure of the golden flames.

In the blink of an eye, two days passed with Lin Yun sitting in the flaming ocean. Boundless astral energy surrounded him while his sword aura shined.Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Suddenly, a powerful aura exploded out of Lin Yun as golden rays shot out of his body. Under the golden rays, Lin Yun’s bones and internal organs transformed.

The orifices that he had expanded in the Xiantian Realm were slowly opening up. As his orifices opened up, another aura ocean was formed. At this moment, astral energy was refining every part of his physique at the same time.

Of the souls in the Heavenly Soul Realm, Lin Yun’s first choice was the hands. As a swordsman and someone who used the Divine Glorysun Fist, he needed to unleash his attacks with his hands. As long as he unlocked this soul, he would be able to unleash an unprecedented amount of origin energy. Additionally, his hands would become even more dextrous.

Then again, the main focus was the first soul was having an additional aura ocean. Having another aura ocean was equivalent to having another violet palace. There was no telling how strong Lin Yun would be after undergoing the tribulation. After all, he was already able to defeat first soul Heavenly Soul Realms.

If he ran into Yuan Hengtian again, he could easily suppress Yuan Hengtian with just his origin energy. He might even be able to fight third soul Heavenly Soul Realm geniuses.

But Lin Yun needed to pass his tribulation first. With all of the astral energy, his physique had reached the limit in just two days. He had to rely on his spiritual sword intent to bear the brunt of the pressure. Plus, his tribulation would come any moment now.

The tribulation of 1,500 divine astral pellets was unimaginable. If it weren’t for his sword intent, he would explode. There was no way the Azure Dragon Enneaform could bear so much astral energy.

Outside the valley, Lil’ Red stood on an ancient tree in its cat form. It could see the dense lightning clouds that covered the valley, which made it look gloomy.

Without a doubt, Lin Yun’s tribulation was bound to be terrifying. However, Lin Yun had successfully opened another aura ocean in his body, so the chances of success were high.

As the clouds continued to spread out, Lin Yun’s new aura ocean continued to expand. However, the new aura ocean wasn’t as stable as his violet palace and showed signs of collapsing.

Right at this moment, Lil’ Red turned to look at the thunderclouds in the sky before retreating. As it retreated, countless thunderclouds rumbled violently as nine crimson lightning bolts shot at Lin Yun. In a split second, the entire sky was dyed red. It was a nine bolts tribulation.

Under the rumbling thunder, Lin Yun’s sword aura came to life and manifested into an azure dragon. The azure dragon was full of thunderstorm energy, so it soared into the sky and clashed with the incoming crimson lightning bolts.

The eyes of the azure dragon glowed brightly with dazzling sword rays manifested from Lin Yun’s sword intent. Just like that, the fight between a dragon and lightning were clashing above the valley.

But before the fight came to an end, cracks started to appear on the dragon runes that covered Lin Yun. The dragon runes were Lin Yun’s last resort, but they were starting to collapse. If they shattered, his physique would be destroyed.

Lin Yun’s hair began to flutter in the wind as he opened his eyes from pain. However, he didn’t have a trace of fear because this was the path he had chosen.

“Immortal Azure Dragon!” Lin Yun roared as the azure dragon in the sky destroyed two bolts of lightning with a swipe of its tail. Then, it bit onto the remaining seven bolts. The battle was so brutal that the azure dragon looked like it was alive.

The dragon scales that fell off the azure dragon were created with azure-purple sword rays that looked like blood. So it was no surprise that the azure dragon became even more ferocious when it was in pain. It was so fierce that it destroyed five more bolts.

Suddenly, Lin Yun vomited blood as his dragon runes exploded. Cracks spread out all over his body as he became a bloody mess. Then, the crimson bolt broke free of the azure dragon’s restraint. Lin Yun was finally in a dangerous position.