Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 947 - True Power of the Divine Glorysun Fist

There were roughly two months left for the Azure Dragon Forbidden Realm to open. So Lin Yun had enough time to go into seclusion. He patted his interspatial pouch and retrieved the Gold-furred Demonic Ape’s beast core in the valley.

This was a beast core blazing with crimson flames and a golden core at the centre of it. When Lin Yun sensed the terrifying aura coming from this core, this left Lin Yun deeply shocked.

He was planning to use this beast core to bring his Divine Sunbreaking Seal to the pinnacle before practising the Divine Glorysun Fist as there shouldn’t be any difficulties. But he had no idea how many forms he could reach in just two months.

“Let’s refine the beast core first.” Lin Yun recollected himself and sat down with his hands on his knees while the Gold-furred Demonic Ape’s beast core hovered before him as an immense crimson aura enveloped him. Looking from afar, the crimson radiance emitted out from Lin Yun emitted a violent aura in the darkness.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Lin Yun then circulated his sword sutras at the same time with his origin energy filling every corner of his body. A massive Iris Flower suddenly bloomed on the ground with a towering Azure Firmament Three behind him with lightning flashing. When he circulated his sword sutras at the same time, the beast core behind him was swiftly being refined by his origin energy which contained his sword intent.

As the black miasma from the beast core started to emit out, those were the demonic aura being expelled by his sword intent. After all, all the demonic beasts were corroded with a demonic aura in the Heavenly Path. To demonic cultivators, they could speed up their refinery by devouring the demonic aura. Although it was dangerous, they could convert them into their demonic aura.

But to Lin Yun, the demonic aura would only bring endless troubles to him as the demonic aura would only affect his heart as a swordsman. But fortunately, sword intent could also be considered the bane of demonic aura.

Lin Yun could easily cut down the demonic aura with his spiritual sword intent, not to mention that his sword intent was upgraded to the sky sword intent now. An hour later, a miserable scream sounded out from the beast core and could see the remnant soul of the Gold-furred Demonic Ape unleashing a roar, trying to drill into Lin Yun’s forehead and occupy his body.

“Die.” Lin Yun snorted calmly. Just like that, the remnant soul of the Gold-furred Demonic Ape shattered into pieces from the sword intent on his pupils.

“It really knew how to hide. If my sword intent wasn’t sharp enough, my body might be seized by it.” Lin Yun muttered. After all, demonic cultivators were known for their inability to control their killing intent. At many times, this was the result of refining the demonic aura and the remnant souls in the beast core merging with them.

Not that Lin Yun had erased the hidden threat, Lin Yun no longer had any reservations and started refining the beast core. Under his sword intent, the golden beast core cracks with traces of dazzling golden threads shining out.

When Lin Yun spread his palm out, the Divine Sunbreaking Seal appeared with an ancient ‘日’ at the centre of it which started to devour the golden threads. In the end, the golden threads combined together before looking like a golden spring in Lin Yun’s palm. At the same time, the brilliance emitted from his Divine Sunbreaking Seal also started to grow at a visible speed. When it reached the limit of refining the beast core, Lin Yun’s palm had formed into an entirely different world and the ancient seal had also transformed into a blazing sun that emitted immense sunlight.

But right at this moment, a thousand meters winged human appeared behind him. It no longer looked illusory like the past but was unbelievably condensed. Between its eyelids, there was a radiating brilliance before a divine prestige exploded out from Lin Yun.

At this moment, the Divine Sunbreaking Seal had come to life which shocked Lin Yun. This transformation was like his xiantian sword intent reaching the spiritual sword intent, bringing an unprecedented transformation.

Was this the pinnacle of the Divine Sunbreaking Seal? Sensing the unprecedented changes, Lin Yun’s eyes surged with dense interest with an unbelievable power filling throughout every corner of his body. It was comparable to the pressure from his sky sword intent but was even more ferocious. After all, it was an entirely different path from his sword path.

When Lin Yun clenched his fist, the space before him cracked like a mountain crumbling. It already had such terrifying power before he even threw out his punch, and he could feel as though he had held onto a genuine sun. If he threw it out, he had a feeling that he could destroy half the valley with it.

In the end, Lin Yun threw his punch on the ground which destroyed everything within ten miles of radius as boundless flames spread out which looked like blazing magma. The torrential golden flames looked like an apocalypse and a giant meteorite falling onto the ground. All of this was caused by one punch from Lin Yun.

Lin Yun had vast experience. But even so, he was still startled by the destructive power of the Divine Sunbreaking Seal. A long time later, Lin Yun let out a breath and sighed, “How terrifying.”

“Not enough. It’s still not enough to defeat a heaven-defying genius like that mysterious woman.” But Lin Yun soon squinted his eyes. If it was an ordinary genius in the fourth soul Heavenly Soul Realm, Lin Yun was confident of fighting them. But his odds of winning would be halfed if he ran into those in the top ten on the ranking.

If he ran into the seven heads, then his odds of winning were close to none. But he now had enough strength to protect himself and no longer needed to use the Indigoflame Thunderwhip and Lil’ Red help before escaping in the end.

“Two months…I still have some time left. I can cultivate the Divine Glorysun Fist now and I also can’t give up on my cultivation.” Lin Yun took a deep breath and waited for his origin energy to recover before taking out the Divine Glorysun Fist’s jade slip against his forehead again.

As boundless information started pouring into his mind, the nine forms of the Divine Glorysun Fist appeared in his mind. They were Clouds Dispelling Sun, Eastern Purple Aura, Rising Flames, Hanging Sun, Peak Sun, Absolute Dominance, Crimson Sun, Descending Sun, and Nine Radiant Suns!

Three moves were divided into a realm, such as Clouds Dispelling Sun, Eastern Purple Aura, and Rising Flames. The essence in it was the rising sun at dawn. As for Hanging Sun, Peak Sun, and Absolute Dominance, they represented the sun at its peak with unrivalled dominance. The remaining three might seem bleak, but it also contained the essence of the immortal divine sun. After all, it was rumoured that it was an apocalypse when the phenomenon of nine suns hanging in the sky appeared.

Aside from that, a lesser seal would be formed whenever he successfully learned a form. After completing a single realm, the three lesser seals could merge with the Divine Sunbreaking Seal to form the Divine Glorysun Fist’s secret technique, Divine Sun Annihilation. When all nine forms were learnt, the final secret technique would be Nine Annihilating Suns which could even manifest the terrifying phenomenon of legend.

This was what made the secret technique a forbidden move. When Lin Yun placed the jade slip down, he could feel his scalps tingling because the power of this fortune martial technique was a little unbelievable.

He now knew why it was mentioned in the jade slip that it could be comparable to imperial advanced fortune martial technique if one was capable of comprehending the profundity in it.

“It’s too unrealistic to learn all of it in two months. I only need the first three forms to ensure my safety in the Azure Dragon Forbidden Realm. Then again, I can’t neglect my cultivation either. I have to obtain the qualification to my second tribulation or everything is futile.” Lin Yun was still calm towards it.

If his cultivation wasn’t strong enough, he could only barely face those fourth soul Heavenly Soul Realm geniuses. But he didn’t just want to be able to face them barely as this meant that he would have to give up the inheritance in the Azure Dragon Forbidden Realm.

As time gradually passed in the Ashes Valley, Lin Yun would spend the day cultivating the Divine Glorysun Fist and his cultivation with divine astral pellets at night. He was practically cultivating all the time without a blink.

His cultivation on the Divine Glorysun Fist wasn’t that smooth either. After all, it was an advanced fortune martial technique and he could only barely cultivate it with his current cultivation. Occasionally, Lin Yun would blaze with flames in the valley and start rolling on the ground with his face distorted from the pain.

But to become strong, fulfil his promise with Su Ziyao, and protect those he cares about, Lin Yun gritted his teeth and didn’t give up even with tears welling up in his eyes. He had no one standing behind him and could only rely on himself.

If he fell, death would await him because no one would give him the chance to rise. There were countless higher realms in the Heavenly Path and had long become their eyesore. If he fell once, what awaited him would be countless cold gazes and mockery.

Although his fame was strong with many people admiring him, there were also many people waiting for him to fall. So he had no choice other than to become stronger. Only then, could he walk to the end of the Heavenly Path and shine in Kunlun Realm.

But what Lin Yun didn’t know was that his actions were all seen by Lil’ Red in the statue. Lil’ Red might be in seclusion, but it could see what was going on outside and feel Lin Yun’s pain.

Just like that, the two brothers were determined to become stronger without even sharing a single word. Everything was so that they could walk to the end of the Heavenly Path and step on those higher realms geniuses beneath their feet.