Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 970 - Demonic Astral Flower

Lin Yun let out a sigh of relief after he brought out his spiritual sword intent. The sea of flames consisted of genuine astral flames, but his sword intent was able to split the sea of flames.

Since Lin Yun didn’t want to reveal his trump cards too early, he quickly traveled through the sea of flames.

At the same time, Lin Yun didn’t let down his guard. After all, the sea of flames could have a few surprises. Although he refined many astral pellets and tempered his physique with a small amount of astral flames, he wasn’t that brainless to fool around with the sea of flames. Suddenly, the sea of flames suddenly started gathering together to form a dazzling flaming tornado that could pierce through all of space. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

The violent gale tore through space while silver lightning flashed across the horizon. The terrifying power swept a few unfortunate people away.

“ARGGH! UGGGAH!” Under a series of screams, skeletons shot out of the flaming tornadoes. Furthermore, after being refined by the flames, the skeletons emitted a metallic luster that made them look like artifacts.

Lin Yun, who was on high alert, managed to sense the tornadoes and avoid them. When he looked at the metallic skeletons, his lips couldn’t help twitching. If one could survive in the tornado and temper their physique, they would become unimaginably strong.

After all, the skeletons were practically refined into dao artifacts. If Lil’ Red was here, it might be able to bear the astral flames to grow powerful. When he thought about it, the current situation seemed similar to the fourth and fifth soul tribulations.

Those tribulations also contained fire storms that would improve one’s physique to an unprecedented height.

After traveling for an hour in the sea of flames, Lin Yun couldn’t find an exit. On the contrary, the astral flames became a lot deeper and started looking like bewitching flowers. The flowers were so bewitching that the sea of flames couldn’t conceal them. Furthermore, he could smell a faint floral fragrance.

After giving it some thought, he realized that the flowers were treasures. After all, beautiful things were usually accompanied by danger.

Lin Yun stopped and looked around, and he saw many people. All of them were filled with anxiety and hesitation. As their origin energy continued to deplete, they ran away from the flowers.

“Demonic Netherflame Flower!” Lin Yun finally figure out the name of the flowers. He needed floral aroma to upgrade the Flower Burial Sword, so he specifically remembered all the bizarre flowers in the world.

The flowers also had another name, Demonic Astral Flowers. They only appeared after strict criteria were met. Essentially, the Demonic Astral Flowers were created when astral flames and demonic aura merged together.

The fruit born in these flowers were a favorite for demonic cultivators and the power they contained was terrifying. If they were touched, they would explode at a level too great for a fifth soul Heavenly Soul Realm to resist.

Demonic Astral Flowers were extremely rare and it was practically impossible to find. So Lin Yun wondered if he should try harvesting them. After all, he could use them to upgrade the Flower Burial Sword.

But after a long internal battle, Lin Yun gave up and chose not to take the risk. It was hard to preserve the flower without having powerful ice intent. Otherwise, the flower would explode upon being touched.

With a flash, Lin Yun carefully navigated through the sea of flowers. With his sword intent protecting him, he weaved through the flowers without touching a single one. But just when he was about to leave the sea of flowers, a figure dashed over with a boundless gale. This instantly caused the flowers to fly towards Lin Yun.

“Shit!” Lin Yun cursed and raised his head to see a familiar person. It was Shi Xuan, the owner of the Glorygold Spirit. Lin Yun could sense Shi Xuan’s disdain back at the shrine. But he never expected to run into him here.

Shi Xuan also paused briefly with ridicule in his eyes when he saw Lin Yun, “Sorry about that. I didn’t see you there. But I don’t think these Demonic Astral Flowers will be able to pose a threat to you. Haha!”

Although he was apologizing, anyone could tell that Shi XUan was taking joy in Lin Yun’s misfortune. When he finished, he laughed and dove deeper into the sea of flames. He completely ignored Lin Yun’s condition.

“That bastard!” Lin Yun’s eyes flashed with rage. Shi Xuan’s attitude was too much, but Lin Yun couldn’t worry about that right now. He needed to focus all of his attention on the flowers.

Lin Yun’s face became nasty because one flower was enough to kill him, not to mention that there were dozens of flowers flying at him. He couldn’t imagine what the outcome would be when they hit him.

Calming himself, Lin Yun circulated all of his origin energy and pushed his palm out. However, he couldn’t change the direction of the flowers. At the same time, Lin Yun could sense that he was being restricted by a boundless pressure.

If he couldn’t do anything, he would die. Clasping his hands, Lin Yun circulated both sword sutras and pushed his spiritual sword intent to the limit. Azure-purple radiance enveloped him, as the origin energy in his palms reached a terrifying height.

Then, Lin Yun pushed a palm out. He didn’t dare to come in contact with the Demonic Astral Flowers, so he had to rely on creating a powerful wind with his origin energy. It was a last resort type of method that actually worked. His palms instantly unleashed a shockwave that redirected eight flowers.

Although he exhausted a lot of his origin energy, it was effective. Then, he took several steps back and pushed out another palm. Lin Yun continued to do this as he moved through the sea of flames.

But he didn’t dare to relax. After all, he was exhausting a lot of origin energy to deal with the Demonic Astral Flowers. As an Azure Firmament Tree appeared behind him with Iris Flowers adorned on the branches, Lin Yun pushed his palm out once more. But this time, he wasn’t able to redirect the eight remaining Demonic Astral Flowers.

His face turned deathly pale at this site. He had exhausted too much origin energy and his strongest attack was no longer effective against the Demonic Astral Flowers. Just when he was prepared to use his sky sword intent, a voice sounded out by his ears, “Stupid, your Divine Glorysun Fist should be able to devour these flowers.”

Lin Yun could recognize the voice as it was from Pei Xue. But Lin Yun couldn’t find her anywhere even after he looked around. Then again, her reminder was more important. His Divine Glorysun Fist would cause the flowers to explode upon contact, but the Divine Sunbreaking Seal might be able to absorb them.

With no other options, Lin Yun circulated the Divine Glorysun Fist as a giant winged human appeared behind him. When the winged human appeared, the speed of the Demonic Astral Flowers had clearly slowed down.

“Absorb!” As the seal bloomed on Lin Yun’s palm, a suction force burst out. The Demonic Astral Flowers were instantly pulled towards his palm. Watching the Demonic Astral Flowers approach, Lin Yun’s heart raced as he became nervous.

When the eight Demonic Astral Flowers made contact with his palm, they were devoured by the Divine Sunbreaking Seal. The flowers caused the winged human to shine even brighter. At this moment, Lin Yun knew that he had succeeded.

He then turned around and threw his punch out. The power of his punch had created a path in the sea of flames for Lin Yun. He desperately needed to make it through the path before the sea of flames joined together again.