Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 998 - Hot Blood

While Yu Haotian was insufferably arrogant on the plaza, Lin Yun was still undergoing his tribulation. Time flowed differently in the blood ocean as Lin Yun practically spent half a month waiting for his tribulation.

But he wasn’t wasting time sitting around. He was slowly becoming familiar with the Azure Dragon True Bone. Furthermore, he was starting to step into the Azure Dragon Saint Art’s threshold, allowing the nine dragon runes on the surface of his body to become more innate.

The resources needed to cultivate this body-refining technique was unimaginable. Lin Yun had exhausted an astronomical sum of 2,000 divine astral pellets, which was more than his two tribulations combined. Now, Lin Yun only had 3,000 divine astral pellets left.

Right now, the dragon runes were emitting a faint divine aura that brought the strength of physique to a terrifying height. The strength of his physique now was several times stronger than before, especially with the Azure Dragon True Bone. The ancient divine rune engraved in the bone contained the profundity of wind and lightning. So he was strengthening his physique and azure dragon sword aura. He was also converting the Divine Glorysun Fist into a sword technique.

It was just as the Azure Dragon Lord had said. After grasping the true intent of sword and fist combined, he would be able to execute the intent with both his sword and fist. They were two different fighting styles that would make his attacks more versatile. However, his sword was still more powerful. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Of course, it was natural that his sword would be stronger. If he utilized the fist technique with his sword, others might believe he had the Divine Glorysun Sword instead of the Divine Glorysun Fist.

Lin Yun continued digested his harvest from the Azure Dragon Lord and worked hard to stabilize his foundation.

Lightning began to flicker on the blood ocean with countless astral flames. Lin Yun was surprised because most geniuses would only face their flame tribulation in their fourth tribulation, but he actually ran into it in the third tribulation. Lin Yun had to admit that his deep foundation was starting to bring him trouble.

“It looks like luck is on my side. I’m fortunate that I didn’t just go through the tribulation bindly.” Lin Yun gradually calmed down. With the Azure Dragon True Bone, his physique had become a lot stronger. So he didn’t panic when he saw the astral flames. Everything was still within his control as long as the Demonic Astral Flower didn’t appear.

Just thinking about the flower made him fearful. He was fortunate that Pei Xue had given him a reminder back then or else he would be dead right now. The astral flames swiftly surged towards Lin Yun and instantly devoured him. From afar, the boundless flames emitted a sacred aura that enveloped Lin Yun.

With the dragon runes enveloping him, his skin emitted a faint luster like a statue being tempered in a forge. Lin Yun let out a breath of relief because astral flames of this level couldn’t affect him. With the strength of his current physique, he could even use the astral flames to temper his physique and origin energy. The situation really wasn’t that bad.

Three days later, lightning rumbled in the sky and tore the sky apart like a waterfall. The third tribulation was finally arriving. But when Lin Yun saw the scale of his tribulation, he instantly frowned. He was full of regret that he was attempting his tribulation on the blood ocean, “Why is my tribulation so terrifying?”

“Demonic Astral Flowers!” Suddenly, Lin Yun saw flowers slowly blooming in the sky that emitted a bewitching aura. His face was grave since he was facing ten of them.

He wanted to curse out loud, but this was only the beginning. He was speechless to see so many Demonic Astral Flowers with the first lightning bolt. Did he have to devour it with the Divine Sun Breaking Seal?

But he soon refused that idea because he knew that he reached his limit after devouring a few Demonic Astral Flowers previously. He didn’t dare to devour so many Demonic Astral flowers this time or else his body might burst apart.

He wondered if he should bring out the Firmament Battle Cloth, but he knew that there was no way he could use the battle cloth under such a situation. After all, the Azure Dragon Lord clearly said that it would only appear to protect him when he was in danger. Furthermore, he had no idea how long the side effects would last. If the side effects appeared and his tribulation didn’t come to an end, death would be his only outcome.

“Azure Dragon True Bone!” Lin Yun forcibly stabilized himself. He knew that he could only place his hope on the Azure Dragon True Bone and Azure Dragon Saint Art right now. After all, nothing came for free in the world as opportunities and dangers usually coexisted together. Ever since Lin Yun obtained the divine astral pellets, he had been refining divine astral pellets.

The Demonic Astral Flowers were the effect of using divine astral pellets from the first tribulation. It was all the work of karma. However, if he could make it through this tribulation, he would undergo a transformation and reach the height of the heaven-defying geniuses in the Heavenly Path. If he couldn’t, then he would end up as another nameless corpse at the bottom of the ocean.

When the lightning and Demonic Astral Flowers were about to descend, a dragon roar echoed from within Lin Yun’s body. The divine rune engraved on the Azure Dragon True Bone shined brightly through his skin and formed golden runes on his chest. When the rune combined with his nine golden runes, it formed an armor called the Azure Dragon Saint Amour. It was something he could only summon after entering the threshold of the Azure Dragon Saint Art.

“Come on! I don’t believe that I can’t defeat you!” Lin Yun’s eyes flashed with insanity. Clearly, this terrifying tribulation had forced out the ferocity deep in his heart. He knew that there were only two outcomes, survive or die. But Lin Yun wanted to fight because he didn’t want to admit defeat.

Meanwhile, Yu Haotian’s fight with Luo Chen and Qin Lin had reached a critical moment. From the beginning, Luo Chen didn’t get Qin Lin to join the fight. As the chief of the seven heads, he naturally had his own pride. But who could’ve imagined that Luo Chen would fall into a disadvantageous position after ten moves?

Yu Haotian’s glove was too terrifying since it was a transcendent dao artifact. Furthermore, everyone could sense an ancient ferocious aura from it. There was a high possibility that this glove was forged with the fur of an ancient beast as it also had an incomplete divine rune on the back of it.

The incomplete divine rune was a natural divine rune, so it emitted an ancient aura containing boundless flame profundity. It was hard to imagine what kind of artifact it would be if the divine rune was complete.

Furthermore, Yu Haotian also grasped a fist technique comparable to Lin Yun’s Divine Glorysun Fist. Paired with the glove, the power of Yu Haotian’s Divine Glorymoon Fist was even more terrifying than Lin Yun’s Divine Glorysun Fist.

Without enough strength, Luo Chen would have been defeated by Yu Haotian after one move. However, Qin Lin wasn’t too happy with Luo Chen’s odds, so he quickly joined the fight after ten moves.

Qin Lin joining the fight didn’t change anything. Even with the two of them working together, they still couldn’t obtain the upperhand. They could barely block Yu Haotian’s Divine Glorymoon Fist and it was just a matter of time before they were defeated.

At this moment, everyone started to see Yu Haotian’s secrets. They could finally understand why he withstood Jun Mengchen’s strongest attack so easily. The white moonlight emitting from Yu Haotian could devour the origin energy of his opponent’s attacks, which allowed him to become even stronger throughout the fight.