Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1082, Response

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain

Having figured out what method these three had been relying on to track him, Yang Kai relaxed.

As long as he knew how they were doing it, it wasn’t a difficult problem to resolve.

Yang Kai stowed the colourful ribbon into his Space Ring before turning an indifferent look towards the three men.

Since Xue Yue had made her position and attitude clear, what he had to do now was provide an appropriate response.

Seemingly having noticed the murderous intent in Yang Kai’s eyes, with a loud shout, the big man on the left suddenly pushed his strength and did not hesitate to take action.

The other two didn’t do anything, simply crossing their arms in front of their chests as they prepared to watch the show, hoping to admire the miserable look on Yang Kai’s face after he was captured.

In their opinion, Yang Kai was just a Third Order Saint, so no matter which of them made a move, it would be easy for that one person to capture him.

A mountain-like momentum exploded from the body of the big man on the left, submerging a large area of the ​​Starry Sky in a strange pressure which seemed to squeeze Yang Kai from all directions, causing the latter’s bones to let out a crackling sound as if they were being crushed and broken.

The big man sneered as he flickered to appear behind Yang Kai. In the next instant, this man grew into a hundred-meter tall giant that lifted up one of its enormous feet, covered it in a brown energy halo, and stepped down towards Yang Kai.

A soul extinguishing pressure burst from the giant’s eyes and flew straight towards Yang Kai’s Knowledge Sea.

When he noticed that his attacker was actually using a Soul Skill against him, Yang Kai couldn’t help grinning and simply stood his ground calmly, waiting for the Soul Skill to reach him.

If his opponent had used a physical attack, Yang Kai may have needed to spend some effort to deal with it, but since this big man had chosen to use a Soul Skill, Yang Kai had nothing to worry about.

Yang Kai’s Soul strength was far greater than his cultivation, at least on the same level as a Second Order Saint King’s, and with the added effects of his Conflagrated Knowledge Sea, even if he was facing the Soul Skill of a Third Order Saint King, he wouldn’t lose.

This big man was only a First Order Saint King and was thinking he could easily bully Yang Kai, taking him in a single move, but how could he have known how strange Yang Kai’s strength really was?

Waves of Spiritual Energy Soul overlapped to form a potent strike that the big man sent hurtling into Yang Kai’s Knowledge Sea, but before this Soul Skill could play any role, it was met with a burning hot force and instantly incinerated.

The smug expression the big man’s face completely changed and his giant body shrivelled back down to normal size as his pupils shrank to the size of a needle tip, his complexion paling greatly.

The overwhelmingly powerful Conflagrated Spiritual Energy inside Yang Kai’s Knowledge Sea had caused him to suffer a big loss. His Divine Sense had been immediately damaged and pain so great he felt as if his head was splitting apart assailed him in the next instant.

At the same time, the big man’s pitiful screams rang out, a black spear of Demonic Flame appearing in Yang Kai’s hand and was thrown out before anyone could react.

*Xiu...*

A whooshing sound resounded.

Perceiving the approaching crisis, the big man forcefully circulated his strength and summoned out a Saint King Grade Mid-Rank defensive artifact.

This artifact was shaped like an umbrella and span slowly in front of the big man in order to deflect incoming attacks. The big man had relied on this umbrella artifact to save himself from a number of what would have been fatal injuries in the past.

He believed that this time would be no exception, and as long as he could block this spear, he would be able to survive while his two companions who have not moved took action to assist him!

The umbrella-like artifact however failed to live up to the big man’s expectations and before he could tell how, the Demonic Flame spear disappeared and strangely reappeared just one meter away from him.

The spear had leapt across space, bypassing the big man’s defences entirely, appearing from The Void right in front of the big man, causing him to let out a cry of horror as it easily penetrated his stone-like body.

A burning hot yet simultaneously freezing cold strength spread out from the spear as the black Demonic Flames burned down his body, the contradictory waves of heat and chill making it impossible for the big man to mount any kind of defence. No matter how he pushed his own strength, he was unable to extinguish the Demonic Flames eating away at his body, instead only making things worse as the black flames seemed capable of burning everything it was fed, whether it was his clothing, his flesh and blood, or even his Saint Qi, all of it was just fuel to the Demonic Flames.

The big man was soon completely engulfed and turned into a black fireball, his mournful screams echoing across the Starry Sky as he flew this way and that like a headless fly, quickly disappearing from sight.

The other two men, who had been assuming relaxed postures, expecting to just spectate for fun, now wore extremely solemn expressions as a deep sense of shock, fear, and horror-filled their hearts.

Fighting and defeating opponents at a higher rank than one’s own was not a foreign concept to them. As cultivators of a Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce branch, basically each of them had their own unique skills and abilities, allowing them to fight ordinary cultivators who stood a Minor Realm above their own.

But what they had just witnessed was something entirely different, a boy killing an opponent with higher cultivation than his own in the blink of an eye was something neither of these two men had ever even imagined, yet now this absurd situation had actually happened right in front of their eyes.

The two men immediately realized how horrifying Yang Kai’s combat strength was and understood that this time they had taken on an incredibly dangerous mission.

Without any kind of discussion or eye contact, the two remaining men shot towards Yang Kai at the same time, not daring to hold back any of the strength, only wishing to defeat this strange boy as swiftly as possible.

A big drum-like artifact was summoned out by one of them and while he rushed towards Yang Kai, he beat this drum with the stick in his hand.

*Dong...*

A deep and resonant sound rang out, one that seemed capable of shaking the Star Field itself, and with this sound came a heavy murderous intent that flushed towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai opened his left hand and condensed a Grand Heavenly Shield just before this invisible attack hit him. When the Grand Heavenly shield was struck by this potent strike, its surface sank inwards and nearly broke.

The other attacking man summoned out a long sword and stabbed it forward, releasing a ray of light that along with the invisible attack from the big drum slammed towards Yang Kai.

The Grand Heavenly Shield broke after less than three breaths.

Anyone who had reached the Saint King Realm was no pushover, each of them had experienced countless life or death battles and spent countless hours cultivating to obtain their current strength.

Facing the joint attack from these two, Yang Kai didn’t dare to act carelessly.

Demonic Flames burst from his body and soon a Black Dragon from behind Yang Kai’s back. With a deafening dragon roar, this Black Dragon shook its head and swung his tail, its giant house sized eyes locking onto the two attackers who flew towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai stepped onto the dragon’s head, and as he spread out his vast Spiritual Energy towards the two men in front of him, he constantly pushed his Saint Qi to condense and display various Nine Heavens Divine Skills along with his comprehension of the Dao of Space. Profound Heavenly Sword, Heaven Punishing Spear, Heaven Covering Hand, each strike Yang Kai sent out leapt across space, suddenly appearing and disappearing, quickly suppressing the two attackers.

As his strength had grown, Yang Kai had come to realize an important truth, there was no strict division between Martial Skills.

When one’s cultivation and understanding of their own of strength reached a high enough level, even supposedly Low-Grade Martial Skills could display astonishing power.

Artifacts were different, Low-Grade artifacts were just Low-Grade artifacts, no matter how one used them, they could never become High-Grade artifacts or be used in high-level battles.

However, Martial Skills were simply an application of one’s strength, and as long as one reached a high enough cultivation, they no longer needed to even use Martial Skills as they apply their own strength to respond appropriate during the course of a battle.

Martial Skills were developed to assist cultivators who had just stepped onto the Martial Dao so they could begin to comprehend how to use their strength.

So although after coming to the Star Field, the artifacts and herbs Yang Kai had brought from Tong Xuan Realm were of little use, with the exception of supreme treasures like the Soul Warming Lotus and Demon Eye of Annihilation, he could still use his Martial Skills freely.

The Black Dragon’s body exuded a terrifying aura, nearly causing the courage of the two Saint King Realm cultivators to break as both of them used their full strength to attack yet failed to cause any harm to Yang Kai.

As it overlooked them, the Black Dragon sent a mountain-like pressure towards the two attacks, greatly impeding their movements.

The huge dragon’s maw suddenly opened and engulfed one of the men, swallowing one of them into its form before biting into the other man’s body. Although it failed to tear this man in two, the dark Demonic Flame spread directly to him and no matter how this man tried to extinguish them, he failed and soon followed in the footsteps of the first big man.

The screams of pain gradually diminished and eventually, silence reigned.

The Black Dragon dissipated and the residual Demonic Flames were quickly taken back into Yang Kai’s body.

Amidst the vast Starry Sky, only two burnt corpses remained.

Yang Kai stood in place for a while but unlike normal, he was unable to absorb the remnant Spiritual Energy from these three.

Helplessly shaking his head, Yang Kai knew that the Souls of these people should have been completely extinguished by the Demonic Flame.

Not thinking it was something worth regretting though, Yang Kai simply glanced in the direction of Rainfall Star before summoning his Star Shuttle once more and flying off.

Back on Rainfall Star, in the main palace of the Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce branch.

Xue Yue, wearing a stunning red dress, closed her eyes and sat upon her chair, motionless.

Ha Li Ka, Lin Mu Feng, and the middle-aged woman all stood by, glancing around at each other from time to time, but none of them daring to speak.

The atmosphere in the hall was stifling.

They didn’t know what had transpired for Xue Yue to actually send three First Order Saint Kings to chase after Yang Kai.

Yang Kai had worked hard to awaken Xue Yue for nearly a year, and Ha Li Ka and the other executives who had witnessed the entire incident really couldn’t figure out how this pair of master and servant had turned into enemies.

Could it be that this little brat had thoughtlessly taken advantage of this lady then abandoned her? Ha Li Ka and the others couldn’t help thinking.

Old Zong, on the other hand, didn’t pay any attention to this incident.

The three branch executives felt incredibly awkward.

Just as he was mulling over his suspicions again, Ha Li Ka’s complexion suddenly changed and he took out a wooden token from his Space Ring, carefully stared at it for a moment, then cupped his fists and said, “Lady Xue’er, Hei Ying’s team of three have all... died!”

Xue Yue’s beautiful eyes opened slowly, not showing any trace of surprise, her slightly furrowed brow relaxing, as if she had put down some kind of great worry, allowing her to exhale a long breath.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience