Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1413, Bone Incinerating Flame Lamp

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Shrouded in Emperor Pressure, everyone felt difficulty breathing as their extremities felt icy cold.

At this time, no matter what their cultivation was and regardless of their age or status, all the masters present felt like they had become three-year-old children in front of this Emperor Pressure. This discovery shocked and terrified everyone as they profoundly realized just how high an existence the Starry Sky Great Emperor was.

This residual Emperor Pressure alone was enough to overwhelm them, meaning if the Great Emperor was still alive today, it would likely take a simple thought to crush them.

This was a power that exceeded the level of an Origin King!

Fortunately, the Emperor Pressure did not persist for long, only lasting about a stick of incense worth of time before gradually fading away completely. However, this was long enough for everyone present to be drenched in a cold sweat as looks of fear lingered on their faces long after.

Before everyone could steady themselves though, another mutation occurred!

A deafening rumbling suddenly spread out from the Emperor Garden, shaking the entire world.

“What now?” Some people exclaimed in alarm. The repeated accidents which occurred today had left everyone exasperated as well as concerned about just what was happening with the Emperor Garden.

Looking up, everyone saw that a beam of light appeared from the Emperor Garden and slowly began falling towards the ground. This beam was only about as thick as an arm, but it seemed to contain Heaven Destroying and Earth Shattering power, making it difficult for one to even look at it for long.

Yang Kai’s complexion instantly turned black.

After all, this strange beam of light was falling directly towards his Dragon Cave Mountain!

The Emperor Garden had been suspended directly above Dragon Cave Mountain, so with this beam of light falling straight down, Dragon Cave Mountain would naturally bear the brunt of the impact and there was obviously no way to avoid it.

Although the Mountain Defending Array was indeed amazing, and the number of internal barriers was great, Yang Kai had no confidence they would be able to withstand this strange beam of light, and seeing Yang Yan look just as anxious as he felt, he immediately understood that the situation had taken a turn for the worse.

In the blink of an eye, the beam of light from the Emperor Garden touched Dragon Cave Mountain’s Mountain Defending Array, and the great barrier that had held more than thirty Origin Returning Realm master at bay for two days and two nights without breaking began melting like snowflakes under the scorching sun.

Silently, the Mountain Defending Array was pierced through and the light curtain itself flashed wildly as it rapidly grew dim.

Immediately, the beam of light fell somewhere inside Dragon Cave Mountain before disappearing, leaving behind only a subtle energy fluctuation.

Countless eyes turned towards Dragon Cave Mountain in that instant, the faces they belonged to wearing all kinds of different expressions filled with surprise, confusion, greed, dread, etc...

No matter what that light beam had been, there was no doubt it had come from the Emperor Garden; after all, everyone had seen it. What’s more, when it disappeared, it had left something behind.

Everyone wanted to know what that something was!

Was it an incredible treasure, or perhaps an entrance to the Emperor Garden? Whatever it was, just the thought of it was enough to draw out the greed in people and make them want to take a closer look. The appearance of this beam of light had made Dragon Cave Mountain the focus of attention once again.

Now that Dragon Cave Mountain’s protective barrier had been destroyed, if it were not for the woman surnamed Ye’s sweeping her sharp gaze over the crowd, the situation would likely have already devolved into a chaotic struggle. The fragile balance was barely being maintained because of the deterrence this woman’s presence exerted.

But no one could guarantee how long this deterrence would last! After all, this matter was of extraordinary importance, so even if the woman surnamed Ye was incredibly strong, she alone could not stop everyone here.

The woman surnamed Ye also seemed to realize the growing tension in the air and began sending out an invisible pressure from her body, assuming a ‘one woman acts as a mountain’ stance, blocking ten thousand invaders.

Yang Kai’s brow twitched as his mouth filled with bitterness.

With things as they were now, there were only two courses of action he could take: either relent and allow the masters present into Dragon Cave Mountain to see for themselves what that beam of light left behind and satisfy their curiosity, or assuming a defiant stance and forbid anyone from entering the mountain while seizing the newly appeared treasure for himself.

Blocking was impossible though. A strong tiger could not defeat a pack of wolves. The woman surnamed Ye alone could not stop all the masters present from invading.

Giving way to difficulties was not Yang Kai’s style either. However, while others were curious about what remained after that beam of light disappeared, he was as well!

Observing the disposition of the crowd and seeing that the masters from the various great forces were on the verge of making a move, Yang Kai knew he had to make a choice, otherwise, he would lose the initiative.

Thinking so, Yang Kai sent a Divine Sense Message to the woman surnamed Ye, who raised her eyebrows and showed a look of surprise before gently nodding.

Just as the two of them reached a consensus, Mo Xiao Sheng of Heaven Battling Union finally lost out to his curiosity and took a step forward, cupping his fists with a dignified expression, “Senior Sister Ye...”

Before he even finished speaking though, the woman surnamed Ye raised her brow and shouted, “Don’t even think about it!”

At the same time, Yang Kai’s body flickered, and he quickly began fading away. At the same time his body blurred, the surrounding space rippling slightly.

“Space Force?” Mo Xiao Sheng’s eyes shrank as he stared fixedly at Yang Kai’s gradually dissipating figure. As the Great Elder of Heaven Battling Union, Mo Xiao Sheng also cultivated Space Force, so he was more familiar with these residual fluctuations than anyone else present.

Seeing Yang Kai not hesitate to use Space Force to withdraw from this place, Mo Xiao Sheng instantly understood what he was thinking, and while hiding his shock at how masterful Yang Kai’s control of Space Force was, he roared, “Boy! You dare!?” UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

He was truly afraid of the woman surnamed Ye, but other than this woman, he did not put anything or anyone on Dragon Cave Mountain into his eyes. A trivial Saint King Realm Junior like Yang Kai presumptuously thought he could make the first move in full view of so many masters, how could he possibly tolerate such arrogance?

As he shouted, Mo Xiao Sheng also stepped out, his figure gradually blurring.

Like Yang Kai, he also used Space Force.

“Come back here!” The woman surnamed Ye shouted as she stretched out her jade white hand and grabbed towards the surrounding space, causing the World Energy to suddenly contract and sending a figure that seemingly materialized out of thin air tumbling backwards. Naturally, this figure was Heaven Battling Union’s Great Elder whose face was currently filled with panic.

He had not expected that this woman surnamed Ye’s methods were so profound that she could easily negate his own trump card.

The situation’s delicate balance had been instantly broken by Yang Kai and Mo Xiao Sheng’s actions. So many other masters were already staring at Dragon Cave Mountain, wanting to enter to see what kind of treasure had been deposited here by the Emperor Garden, so now that such a good opportunity had appeared, how could they hesitate? One after another they began displaying their Movement Skills as they rushed towards where the pillar of light fell.

“No one is going anywhere!” The woman surnamed Ye’s tender body flickered to intercept the advancing mob and with a flash of light, summoned an oil-lamp-like artifact in front of her. Stretching out her hand and placing it on the lamp’s wick, she condensed a blue flame at her fingertips and with a flick of her wrist, sent forth a wave of blue flames.

These blue flames gathered and expanded, swiftly transforming into a majestic firebird several tens of metres in length that exuded an astonishing pressure. This giant bird quickly proceeded to open its mouth and spit out a washbasin sized fireball that flew towards the approaching crowd of masters.

“The Bone Incinerating Flame Lamp!” One well-informed master among the crowd cried out in panic when he saw this oil lamp, his face going completely pale as he hurriedly summoned his strongest defensive artifact to protect himself.

When the name Bone Incinerating Flame Lamp was shouted, everyone else displayed a similarly panic-stricken expression and rapidly stepped back, none of them daring to advance again.

These masters could not be blamed for this though as the Bone Incinerating Flame Lamp’s reputation was simply that astonishing; after all, it was one of the handful of Origin King Grade artifacts on Shadowed Star!

Artifacts of this grade could not be refined by the Artifact Refiners on Shadowed Star, so they were all relics from ancient times and held unfathomable power. One had to avoid being contaminated by the flames from this artifact at all costs. Because, once a cultivator was contaminated by them, they would inevitably perish. Although this woman surnamed Ye was alone, with this artifact, her strength was not much worse than that of an Origin King master, so who here would dare challenge her alone?

For a time, many of the gathered masters wore gloomy looks as they hesitated whether to move forward or retreat, creating an incredibly lively and tense scene.

However, although this woman surnamed Ye was an incredible master, she still could not handle so many opponents at once as there were many enemies among them who were in the same realm as her. Worse, after releasing this first attack from the Bone Incinerating Flame Lamp, her complexion had paled slightly.

With her cultivation, using this Origin King Grade artifact put a heavy load on her body.

“Sister Ye, do you really want to make enemies of so many of us?” Cheng Peng Xuan of Thunder Typhoon Sect looked at the woman surnamed Ye with an ugly expression and asked solemnly.

The woman surnamed Ye just glanced at him lightly and snorted, “If you all stand still, this Queen will naturally not trouble you, but if you dare try to break into this mountain, this Queen will be the first to disagree!”

“Bold words! Is it possible Sister Ye really thinks we are weaklings that can be casually bullied?” Mo Xiao Sheng also called out sullenly. Just now he had wanted to chase after Yang Kai but was blocked by this woman, causing him to lose a great deal of face, so he was feeling particularly aggressive now.

“This Queen is also no weakling. I won’t repeat my words a second time!” The woman surnamed Ye’s attitude was extremely firm.

Mo Xiao Sheng and Cheng Peng Xuan exchanged a look and gently nodded to one another.

Although the two of them usually could not stand one another and had been competing against each other for countless years, it was only natural for them to stand united at this time, and because they were both incredibly familiar with each other, a single glance was all it took to communicate this intent.

“Since that’s the case, then this old man won’t act polite!” Mo Xiao Sheng shouted before suddenly summoning a pitch-black short staff into his hands. This short staff seemed quite ordinary, but when Mo Xiao Sheng poured his Saint Qi into it, it began exuding a shocking energy fluctuation and instantly transformed into a stream of light that shot towards the woman surnamed Ye.

Just as Mo Xiao Sheng launched his attack, Cheng Peng Xuan also took action.

A long delay would lead to many problems and neither of them was willing to be blocked here by this woman, so in order to break into Dragon Cave Mountain as quickly as possible and investigate what kind of treasure had been deposited here, they both resorted to their strongest methods.

Cheng Peng Xuan summoned a seal-type artifact which rapidly expanded to the size of a mountain before slamming down towards the woman surnamed Ye.

Jin Shi of Demon Blood Temple, Old Woman Feng of Myriad Beast Mountain, and several other Origin Returning Realm masters from the various great forces were not willing to fall behind and quickly joined in this assault.