Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1418, Dragon Bone Sword

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Fortunately, Yang Yan had taught him a way to use his Origin King Grade Artifact Refining Furnace and Firebird Artifact to slowly refine the Dragon Bone and Dragon Bead on his own.

The Artifact Spirit’s Soul was connected to Yang Kai, so it refining it was no different from Yang Kai refining it.

This method didn’t require any kind of exquisite Artifact Refining skill or technique, only the accumulation of time, and although this led to a somewhat crude end product, it was still far better than allowing an unreliable Artifact Refiner to waste these precious materials.

Even Yang Yan herself was not confident that she could use this Dragon Bone and Dragon Bead for Artifact Refining as they belonged to a grade of materials which was still beyond her ability to work with.

It could be said that this method was only suitable for Yang Kai to use because he possessed an Origin King Grade Artifact Refining Furnace that had formed an Artifact Spirit! This rare combination of conditions was essential for success.

Several years had passed by and the Dragon Bone and Dragon Bead had been completely integrated; after all, they originally belonged to the same creature so this wasn’t too difficult to achieve. Now, it was time to use it.

Yet to Yang Kai’s surprise, his first attempt to use this Dragon Bone Sword had nearly caused him to embarrass himself as the Remnant Dragon Soul in the Dragon Bead did not want to submit to his will.

Even if it was just a weak Remnant Soul without any consciousness, it was nevertheless the Remnant Soul of an Ancient Divine Spirit. With its innate pride, how could it be willing to submit to another? Fortunately, Yang Kai had his Blossoming Lotus Secret Technique and forcibly suppressed the tenacious Dragon Soul at the critical moment.

This was not a long-term solution though, so in the future he would need to find time to fully subdue this Dragon Bone Sword, otherwise, he would not be able to use it with peace of mind. As such thoughts flashed across Yang Kai’s mind, his eyes went cold as an icy grin appeared on his lips.

The terrifying pressure emanating from the Dragon Bone Sword dispersed, but everyone still felt cold sweat dripping down their foreheads and a light breeze which blew past caused them to shiver from head to toe.

Everyone had thought that with so many masters on their side, trampling flat Dragon Cave Mountain would be a simple task, but seeing such a powerful fighting force emerge from the tiny hill at this moment left them all thoroughly shocked.

Whether it was the Sentient Ancient Tree, the stone giant, or the strange verdant-coloured sword, which one of these treasures did not warrant dread? Especially the verdant sword, everyone understood it was definitely an astonishing treasure, but none of them knew just how much power it could exert.

For a time, Yang Kai once again became the focus of attention as many greedy and fearful eyes fixed on the verdant sword.

Yang Kai was also interested in trying out the power of his new artifact, so he didn’t waste time and rapidly poured his Saint Qi into it, causing it to once again tremble and release a fearsome dragon roar.

“Go!” Yang Kai waved his hand and the verdant long sword he was holding rapidly shot out before immediately transforming into a giant creature dozens of metres long.

This creature was a deep bluish-green colour and had massive wings that seemed capable of covering the sky. It was also covered in thick scales which made it look nigh impervious to harm.

This creature opened its great maw to reveal sharp, sword-like teeth as it swung its giant spear-like claws about, exuding a faint cold light that caused anyone who saw it to shudder.

“Ancient Divine Spirit!” Mo Yu shouted in alarm, almost stumbling, and falling to the ground in shock.

Although he had never personally seen an Ancient Divine Spirit, Mo Yu was no stranger to this kind of creature as almost every great Sect’s ancient books would contain records of long extinct Ancient Divine Spirit.

The behemoth in front of him was exactly the same as the records he had seen and was undoubtedly an Ancient Divine Spirit.

What is more, it was the highest ranked Ancient Divine Spirit, a True Dragon!

Even without displaying any of its strength, the pressure this Ancient Divine Spirit’s presence exuded alone was enough to any cultivator below the Third-Order Origin Returning Realm shiver in fright.

“Another Remnant Soul! He actually had another Ancient Divine Spirit Remnant Soul!” At a different spot, Fei Zhi Tu’s eyes nearly popped from their sockets as he muttered to himself, standing frozen in place and forgetting to even continue fighting his opponent.

The same was true of Qian Tong and of their opponents as well. At this moment, no one had the presence of mind to continue fighting as all their eyes were staring transfixed by the colossal, verdant dragon before them.

During their last exploration of the Emperor Garden, Fei Zhi Tu had seen the phantom of an Ice Phoenix and realized that Yang Kai possessed the Remnant Soul of an Ancient Divine Spirit.

At that time, Fei Zhi Tu had been completely astonished with Yang Kai’s luck that allowed him to obtain this kind of Heaven defying treasure. It was also because of this incident that Fei Zhi Tu changed his attitude towards Yang Kai and no longer dared treat him like an ordinary junior, because even if it was just a Remnant Soul, as long as it had enough time and opportunity, it would likely be able to grow into an existence comparable to an Origin King.

Do not bully the young lest they bully you when they grow up. With this Ice Phoenix Remnant Soul in his possession, who dared to guarantee that Yang Kai would not one day stand at the top of this world?

Maintaining a good relationship with him now would be of great benefit in the future. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

So, when Dragon Cave Mountain was in trouble this time, Fei Zhi Tu had run out without hesitation to offer his assistance along with Qian Tong. Otherwise, with his personality that preferred avoiding trouble, how could Fei Zhi Tu do such a thankless job? He would much rather sit back in Heavenly Fate City and indifferently watch the show.

He thought that Yang Kai possessing an Ice Phoenix Remnant Soul was already a Heaven defying opportunity, but how could he have known this brat also had a True Dragon Remnant Soul!

On top of that, this True Dragon Remnant Soul seemed to be more powerful than the Ice Phoenix Remnant Soul he saw last time.

Fei Zhi Tu nearly coughed up blood from the envy he felt.

Compared to Yang Kai’s heritage, his life’s possessions were trash.

In front of everyone’s dumbfounded eyes, the verdant dragon rushed towards a Thunder Typhoon Sect Origin Returning Realm master. This cultivator had reached the peak of the First-Order Origin Realm and was just one step away from reaching the Second-Order, so his strength even in this place could not be considered weak.

He had been fighting with the Divine Tree and Stone Puppet just recently but was still completely unharmed, despite being slightly disheveled. This illustrated his strength.

But no matter how great his personal strength was, he could not face an Ancient Divine Spirit directly.

Seeing the True Dragon suddenly approach him, this man’s face went pale as he hurriedly summoned a black shield to defend himself.

A hint of disdain flashed across the eyes of this massive True Dragon and the black shield was torn apart like tofu with one swing of its claw, along with a light slicing sound.

Immediately after, the verdant dragon opened its giant mouth and swallowed the First-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator in the front of everyone’s eyes.

Screams rang out for a moment before abruptly coming to an end as the life aura belonging to this cultivator vanished.

After the verdant dragon rushed past the position of this Thunder Typhoon Sect master, a shocking scene appeared. A skeleton, still assuming a defensive posture, stood mid-air, all its flesh and blood stripped away clean.

Like a cold wind blew past them, everyone shivered.

Mo Xiao Sheng, Cheng Peng Xuan, Jin Shi, and Old Woman Feng all paled at this sight and were nearly defeated by the woman surnamed Ye in their moment of distraction.

After swallowing the vital essence of the Thunder Typhoon Sect cultivator in one gulp, the verdant dragon soared up into the sky as it released a deafening roar, opening its great maw once more and spraying out a bluish green mist that began enveloping the area around it.

More than a dozen Origin Returning Realm masters were instantly shrouded by this mist and their panic filled screams immediately rang out.

“Poison!”

“Run away!”

The verdant coloured mist was actually a violent toxic plume and every cultivator that had been covered with it fell dizzy and had difficulty breathing. Even their Saint Qi no longer circulated smoothly.

Those with slightly weaker strength staggered and fell to the ground as their bodies literally began melting at a speed visible to the naked eye, soon revealing their bare bones in a terrifying and shocking manner.

Only cultivators at or above the Second-Order Origin Returning Realm were able to escape from this verdant mist, but all their faces were green when they did so. This was obvious signs that they had been poisoned and were in urgent need of an antidote.

[This verdant dragon was a Poison Dragon!]

Yang Kai was also surprised by this. He did not know what the true nature of the Dragon Bone and Dragon Bead he obtained was, or what kind of Divine Abilities it possessed in life. Right now, he was just experimenting with his new artifact, but the results he obtained caused him to rejoice greatly.

Among the True Dragon family of Ancient Divine Spirits, Poison Dragons and Fire Dragon had the highest offensive strength, so this discovery naturally made him extremely happy.

During his trip to Grand Burial Valley, Yang Kai had been forced to self-destruct his only offensive artifact. This didn’t bother him though as he had full confidence in his own means, so he didn’t feel the need to let Yang Yan refine one for him because even if she did refine him a good offensive artifact, it would require a lot of time and effort for him to refine and nourish it.

However, the main reason Yang Kai didn’t request Yang Yan to refine him a new offensive artifact was because he was waiting for this Dragon Bone and Dragon Bead artifact to be completed.

Now, it seemed that his anticipation had not been in vain. This Dragon Bone and Dragon Bead long sword artifact was almost comparable to Origin King Grade, and it seemed to have great room for growth because, after this verdant True Dragon swallowed the vital essence of an Origin Returning Realm master, Yang Kai could clearly feel that its aura had grown a little stronger.

This was an obvious indication it could improve itself.

As Yang Kai was thinking about this, the few Origin Returning Realm masters who managed to escape alive from the poison mist were targeted by the Stone Puppet. These masters had good luck and strength, but all that ended here. When the Heaven Shaking Pillar descended upon them, the entire world seemed to free, and their lives were harvested like wheat from a field.

A bloody smell rose to fill the air as Dragon Cave Mountain instantly transformed into a red purgatory.

The situation had become completely lopsided!

It was not how everyone had imagined, where Dragon Cave Mountain was casually destroyed by these invading masters. Instead, it was the invaders who were being slaughtered in droves, causing their morale to rapidly plummet.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Chang Qi and the others launched a desperate counterattack and seized back the initiative.

In fact, Chang Qi and the others were not very powerful and were essentially relying on the exquisite artifacts they possessed to survive and fight back. These artifacts were all Origin Grade High-Rank and had been tailored-made by Yang Yan for them, allowing them to display their strength to the utmost limit.

Originally, the situation had been highly unfavourable to them, and they could only go all out to stall for time while beset by worries.

But as the morale of the invading party had fallen sharply though, Chang Qi and the others were greatly inspired and facing the fierce resistance, their enemy began to retreat. Chang Qi and the others didn’t lose themselves in the heat of the moment, however, and instead just strove to solidify their position, causing their enemies a great deal of frustration as they showed no flaws that could be taken advantage of to reverse the situation again.