Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1419, The Might of Dragon Cave Mountain Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Not far away, Mo Xiao Sheng and the other masters who were holding down the woman surnamed Ye sighed to themselves, knowing that there was nothing they could do to regain control of the situation. They had greatly underestimated the heritage of Dragon Cave Mountain, thinking that this tiny hilltop had been able to kill the first group from the Xie Family only because of their powerful Spirit Arrays. Never had they expected that even without these Spirit Arrays, this hilltop could not be arbitrarily insulted!

The four top Third-Order Origin Returning Realm masters looked at each other and all saw the intent to withdraw in each other’s eyes.

There was no need to discuss anything as, after reaching a certain level of strength, a single glance was enough to convey many things. The four of them made a feint and escaped from the entanglement of the woman surnamed Ye, in the next instant beginning to escape.

With these four turning tail and fleeing, how could the others dare to remain? Naturally, everyone else began to hurriedly withdraw.

Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu did not try to block their opponents. Although they helped Dragon Cave Mountain this time, they did not want to unnecessarily make enemies of these people; after all, the two of them represented Shadow Moon Hall and had many concerns of their own, so without hesitation they allowed their opponents to retreat safely.

Wei Gu Chang and Dong Xuan’er did the same. The two of them had only recently broken through to the First-Order Origin Returning Realm, so although their strength wasn’t bad, if their opponents were determined to leave, they were unable to stop them.

In fact, the main reason these two had been able to last this long was because their opponents had held back and never attempted to really kill them; otherwise, facing so many masters, Wei Gu Chang and Dong Xuan’er would definitely not have been unharmed, even if they didn’t die.

The enemy withdrew like the tide, with several dozen Origin Returning Realm masters all escaping at once from Dragon Cave Mountain. Besides the few who were blocked by Yang Kai’s Dragon Bone Sword, Stone Puppet, and Artifact Spirit Firebird, the rest managed to escape.

Yang Kai frowned when he saw this and felt a deep sense of powerlessness in his heart.

He could not stop his enemies from coming or going as they pleased. However, although the invasion of Dragon Cave Mountain annoyed him greatly, the other party paid a terrible price as a result, so it was not as if Yang Kai could not accept the results.

Moreover, if the fight continued, there would be casualties on Dragon Cave Mountain’s side.

He and the woman surnamed Ye did not have to worry about themselves. Yang Kai possessed his Dragon Bone Sword, Stone Puppet, and Artifact Spirit along with the Divine Tree, while the woman surnamed Ye’s strength was phenomenal from the start, but Chang Qi, Hao An, and the others were a different story. If Yang Kai insisted on continuing this battle, his allies would be the next to suffer, which was a result Yang Kai did not wish to see.

Yang Kai was willing to let this matter stop here, but this did not mean others would do the same.

Just when the enemy masters were about to leave the range of Dragon Cave Mountain, the originally broken Mountain Defending Array lit up again and barred their path forward.

A trace of surprise flashed across the eyes of Mo Xiao Sheng and the others before their expressions became cold.

Them withdrawing at this point did not mean they really feared Dragon Cave Mountain, so the other party behaving so rampantly, unwilling to let them leave, naturally elicited feelings of anger and irritation.

“You want to leave? Wishful thinking! You think my Dragon Cave Mountain is a place you can come and go as you please?” Suddenly, a tender voice rang out, its origin unclear, seemingly coming from all around, making it impossible to localize.

However, this voice no doubt belonged to Yang Yan.

Yang Kai raised his brow in surprise, not understanding what Yang Yan wanted to do.

Just as Yang Kai’s expression cramped though, the earth suddenly began to tremble and a great rumbling rang out as the ground beneath Dragon Cave Mountain began to crack apart.

*Hong...*

With a loud crack, a large section of Dragon Cave Mountain collapsed, revealing a deep pit out of which a large black behemoth slowly rose.

After seeing the true form of this behemoth, gasps of shock rose all around as everyone began crying out in surprise.

“Impossible!”

“A Starship?”

“There’s even a Starship here?”

Dragon Cave Mountain was destined to become the focus of all of Shadowed Star after today, with one shocking thing emerging after another. Everyone present had yet to recover from the shock of an Ancient Divine Spirit Remnant Soul appearing when they were again confronted by such an incredible scene.

Beneath this Dragon Cave Mountain was a hidden Starship!

This Starship was not quite the same as the Starships the various great Sects regarded among their greatest treasures. The main thing was size. This Starship was only about a quarter the size of ordinary Starships and had a sleek and smooth design.

However, this Starship also gave off an intense pressure that was even more unbearable than the True Dragon Remnant Soul from just now.

A mechanical clanking sounded suddenly, and barrel-like things began to extend from the hull of this Starship. None of the people present were ignorant or uninformed so they naturally know what these things were.

Crystal Cannons! The destructive artifacts every Starship possessed. More accurately referred to as weapons, these things used Saint Crystals as an energy source to fire off beams of incredible destructive power.

Ordinarily though, a Starship would not use its Crystal Cannons because every shot fired consumed a massive amount of Saint Crystals.

Also, a Starship would have at most two or three Crystal Cannons installed on it in general as each one was known as the most powerful trump card of a Starship.

But at the moment, it was plain to see that this small, hundred-metre-long Starship was actually outfitted with more than ten crystal cannons! Each of these cannons was aimed at a different direction, targeting the most crowded locations.

Staring down these dark barrels, everyone felt a sense of uneasiness in their heart, as if death itself was staring at them.

As a silver-bell like laughter filled the air, Yang Yan’s tender voice called out, “Since you’ve come uninvited, don’t even think about leaving at will!”

As soon as her words fell, a dazzling light appeared from the dozen plus Crystal Cannons, accompanied by energy fluctuations which caused the entire region to tremble.

“Not good!” Mo Xiao Sheng’s eyes shrunk as he called out in alarm, “Spread out!”

With his knowledge and experience, he could tell what kind of heaven-destroying and earth-shattering power these Crystal Cannons possessed.

Although Mo Xiao Sheng had promptly warned his disciples and subordinates, the charging rate for the Crystal Cannons on this Starship refined by Yang Yan was extremely quick. Almost at the same time as his voice had sounded, more than ten pure white beams only as thick as a human arm shot forth from the Crystal Cannons.

Silent, without a single scream or sound of struggle, a dozen or so seemingly slender beams of light swept forward, erasing everything in their path from existence.

Not only was the Dragon Cave Mountain’s Mountain Defending Array broken again, but all the cultivators who were hit by this barrage were vaporised like snowflakes under the hot summer sun.

The ten plus white beams of light continued for several dozen kilometres before gradually weakening and disappearing.

The entirety of Dragon Cave Mountain was in disarray and the World Energy aura in the surrounding fifty-kilometre radius had become extremely chaotic.

*Dida, dida...*

A clear sound suddenly broke the silence as Mo Xiao Sheng and the other masters stood in place, looks of terror filling their pale faces as they stared at the Starship in front of them, unable to believe their eyes.

When this Starship suddenly appeared just now, none of them had been to concerned about it; after all, this Starship wasn’t very big so they subconsciously thought that its grade wasn’t high, but when the dozen or so Crystal Cannons were deployed, Mo Xiao Sheng and the other masters felt they might have misjudged the threat it posed.

But it was not until now that they realized just how wrong they had been.

The grade of this Starship was beyond the scope of their imagination. It was definitely above Origin Grade, which meant it could only be Origin King Grade. If this were not the case, these Crystal Cannons could not possibly have such power.

An Origin King Grade Starship! How could that be?

However, with the facts laid bare in front of them, they had no choice but to believe it. The best evidence was that, when those Crystal Cannons fired just now, Mo Xiao Sheng and the other top Origin Returning Realm masters didn’t dare take the blow head on and could only desperately evade.

Even so, Jin Shi of Demon Blood Temple had been brushed by one of these beams and lost an entire arm as a result. The dripping sound filling the eerie silence was none other than the blood dripping from his wound as his face twisted in pain.

The faces of Old Woman Feng and Cheng Peng Xuan were also extremely ugly. If it were not for them instinctually dodging just now, they would likely have wound up the same as Jin Shi.

Sweeping his eyes around quickly, Mo Xiao Sheng’s expression was filled with sorrow.

Because now, there were only a dozen or so people still alive, which meant fifty to sixty Origin Returning Realm masters had died under that Crystal Cannon salvo just now.

Those were fifty or sixty Origin Returning Realm masters, not fifty or sixty cabbages! Those masters were the pillars of their respective Sects, but now they had all died here on Dragon Cave Mountain without even being able to resist!

Mo Xiao Sheng and the other masters felt like they had been run through by a sharp sword.

If possible, the masters from the various great forces would have preferred to have never set foot on this hill today, but unfortunately, regret could not bring back the dead. Many great forces had not only suffered heavy losses today but also made an extremely powerful enemy, causing many of those who barely managed to survive to pale in fright.

“Withdraw!” Mo Xiao Sheng grit his teeth and shouted, not wanting to remain here a moment longer, his body flickering as he used his Space Force to quickly leave.

With him leaving, how could Cheng Peng Xuan, Jin Shi, or Old Woman Feng dare to stay? Worried that this Starship would fire another volley from its Crystal Cannons, each one of them fled like a frightened rabbit.

This time, however, Yang Yan did not try to stop them because, while she was strong in will, she was weak in strength. Although the Starship she refined was indeed extraordinary, it was not all-powerful. The Crystal Cannons salvo she just fired may have looked all-conquering, but in fact it had been extremely expensive to fire.

A single scream rang out as Yang Kai killed his last opponent before recalling the verdant dragon back to his hand.

Observing it for a moment, Yang Kai revealed a satisfied look before storing it away into the Artifact Refining Furnace again and taking it back into his body.

Dragon Cave Mountain had fallen silent once more, with only the hundred-metre-long Starships floating midair.

This hilltop, which had originally been a picturesque paradise, had now been completely devastated by this incredible battle.

The Stone Puppet shrank back down to its original size, the Heaven Shaking Pillar nowhere to be seen, probably swallowed back into its belly. Using its hands and feet, it scrambled over to Yang Kai like a small monkey, climbed his clothes, and then sat on his shoulder with a smile.

Sweeping his eyes around, Yang Kai sighed dully.

It had been several years since he arrived on Shadowed Star and settled down on this Dragon Cave Mountain, and under Yang Yan and Wu Yi’s careful management, it had become a beautiful home. However, now, it had turned into an inhospitable wasteland.

Fortunately, there was a place to move to that Yang Kai had in mind, so he did not feel too much regret. That place was far better than Dragon Cave Mountain and he had intended to move there eventually, this event simply accelerated his timeline.