Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1420, Some Happy, Some Sad

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“Yang Kai!” Suddenly, a voice called out from nearby, and when Yang Kai looked over he saw Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu staring at him as they occasionally glanced over at the Starship suspended in midair, seemingly wanting to say something but always stopping themselves at the last moment.

Although these two were top masters on Shadowed Star, they were still thoroughly shocked by what they had just witnessed.

That was not surprising though; after all, how could they have ever seen an Origin King Grade Starship?

It was not like Shadow Moon Hall didn’t possess Starships, but the very best one was still just Origin Grade Low-Rank. This Starship had been refined when Grandmaster Ge Lin was still alive and had taken all of the Sect’s Artifact Refiners years to complete while consuming countless materials. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Such a Starship had no trouble searching for mineral lodes near Shadowed Star, but wanting to use it to travel far into the Star Field was undoubtedly a fantasy.

The dangers out amongst the Star Field could not be measured with common sense.

However, just because Shadow Moon Hall’s Starship was not capable of this did not mean Dragon Cave Mountain’s was not! An Origin King Grade Starship had the ability to make a long-distance voyage and with its help could even possibly restore Shadowed Star’s connection to the outside world.

At worst, one could use this Starship to leave Shadowed Star, free themselves from the shackles of the World Principles here, and possibly break through to the Origin King Realm!

Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu instantly understood all the implications of this Starship’s existence so, for a time, their heart could not help pounding with excitement.

Whether they could re-establish a connection between Shadowed Star and the outside world did not matter to them much, but with their cultivations having been stuck at the peak of the Origin Returning Realm for so many years due to the suppression of the World Principles here, suddenly seeing hope of breaking through naturally thrilled them.

However, even if their relationship with Yang Kai was good, suddenly raising this kind of request was really quite difficult; after all, the value of this Origin King Grade Starship was simply too great.

After glancing at them, Yang Kai vaguely guessed what they were thinking and just smiled lightly, “Elder Qian, City Lord Fei, I have a number of affairs that need to be attended to right now, but after I settle these issues and have some free time, how about I contact you again?”

Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu heard this and immediately nodded, “Good.”

Although Yang Kai did not make them any kind of commitment, and didn’t mention anything specific in his words, they would naturally be able to contact him again as long as he remained on Shadowed Star. On top of that, since Dragon Cave Mountain had been razed to the ground, it was clearly no longer suitable to live on. Considering all this, Qian Tong proposed, “Yang Kai, if you’d like, why not bring your people to live in my Shadow Moon Hall’s headquarters?”

As the saying goes, it is easier to borrow something from a neighbour than from a distant friend. Qian Tong’s proposal, although made with some ulterior motives in mind, was also done out of consideration for the now homeless Yang Kai; a proposal that benefited both parties.

But Yang Kai shook his head slowly and said upfront, “Elder Qian’s kind intentions are appreciated, but Junior already has a destination in mind so I’ll have to politely refuse.”

“Is that so...” Qian Tong’s face flashed a look of disappointment but he didn’t try to press the issue, simply nodding lightly, “No problem. Although this old master doesn’t know where you plan on going, since you already have a place to stay then this old master won’t say anything more. Just remember to send a message to us when you finish settling down so this old master can come to visit in person.”

“Of course, of course!” Yang Kai cupped his fists.

Immediately after, he turned to look at Wei Gu Chang and Dong Xuan’er and thanked them as well.

This time, Dragon Cave Mountain had been besieged by many powerful masters while very few had taken action to help him. Apart from the mysterious woman surnamed Ye, it was only the four people Shadow Moon Hall who had stood on his side. This kindness was something Yang Kai naturally would not forget.

At this moment, it was also only these people who had the courage to remain here while everyone else still alive had already fled. Even Clear Sky Sect’s Mo Yu, who displayed an ambiguous position, had gone missing.

*Kacha...*

A light sound came from mid-air as the Starship’s main hatch opened suddenly. Seeing this, Yang Kai smiled and called out, “Elder Qian, City Lord Fei, Junior will say goodbye here.”

Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu nodded lightly, not trying to retain him.

Yang Kai’s body flickered and quickly arrived beside the Divine Tree before sending out a flood of Spiritual Energy to wrap it up and take it back into the Black Book Space.

In the next moment, several figures headed by the woman surnamed Ye flew up and disappeared into the Starship, with Yang Kai bringing up the rear. Once everyone was aboard, the hatch closed and the Starship turned towards a certain direction with a light hum and shot off like a bolt of lightning, soon disappearing from sight.

“So fast!” Fei Zhi Tu stared in the direction the Starship disappeared with a shocked expression.

Compared to the speed of Shadow Moon Hall’s, this Starship was multiple times faster.

Qian Tong’s face filled with an excited yet complicated expression as he muttered, “I never expected this small hilltop to have so many talented people and such a magnificent heritage. Mo Xiao Sheng and those old ghosts have provoked an enemy they never should have this time.”

Fei Zhi Tu grinned meaningfully as he sneered, “Why bother worrying about their futures, what you and I should be doing right now is considering how to persuade Yang Kai to let us use his Starship to leave Shadowed Star. As long as you and I can break through to the Origin King Realm, this Shadowed Star will belong to our Shadow Moon Hall.”

Hearing this, Qian Tong’s expression shook before a strong light flashed across his eyes and he nodded repeatedly.

Several dozen kilometres away from Dragon Cave Mountain, Mo Xiao Sheng and several of his subordinates who had fled in distress all stared in the direction of the disappearing Starship with pale blue faces. Without even mentioning the massive losses they had suffered this time, considering the background and heritage that Dragon Cave Mountain had displayed today, just becoming enemies with them made Heaven Battling Union’s future grimmer.

Mo Xiao Sheng’s expression was filled with worry and distress.

With Heaven Battling Union’s Great Elder like this, how could Cheng Peng Xuan, Jin Shi, Old Woman Feng, and the other survivors be feeling any better? Each and every one of them wore grief-stricken looks as they felt enough regret to make their stomachs turn, especially Jin Shi who had lost an arm, severely damaging his overall strength and foundation.

However, while many people were sad, others were celebrating. Over on Clear Sky Sect’s side, Mo Yu was in a phenomenally good mood. In any case, he had not shown any malicious intentions towards Dragon Cave Mountain this time and had even taken action once to help Yang Kai resolve some of the trouble he was facing. As long as the other party was not blind, he should be able to understand he had done so with good intentions.

Moreover, his two disciples seemed to have some friendship with Yang Kai, so there was a chance he could gain some advantage from this opportunity.

Since the matters Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu were thinking of were pertaining to people of his realm, naturally, Mo Yu had some ideas as well.

Considering all this, Mo Yu slowly said, “Tao’er.”

“Yes,” Chen Shi Tao stepped forward in response.

“In the future, make sure to associate with that Yang Kai frequently, and if possible, find a way to capture his body and mind.”

“Honoured Master...” Chen Shi Tao blushed greatly. Although her Honoured Master was usually lenient and mild-tempered, never once bringing up such sensitive topics with her, at this moment he had actually spoken in a manner that could only be described as blunt, causing Chen Shi Tao to feel a little overwhelmed.

As a woman, Chen Shi Tao was quite proud of her strength, looks, and brains. She had an enchanting appearance that was able to fascinate others with just a single glance, causing many of Clear Sky Sect’s male disciples to secretly drool over her.

“Your Master is not cracking a joke,” Mo Yu’s declared seriously, “If you can really marry him, you will go down as my Clear Sky Sect’s greatest hero!”

Chen Shi Tao was instantly dumbfounded.

She had waited outside Dragon Cave Mountain with Lu Ying and her other Sect Brothers and Sisters just now, so although she had heard how fierce the clash inside had been, she wasn’t clear on what exactly had transpired. However, inferring from the words her Honoured Master spoke just now, it seemed that Yang Kai’s performance had immensely impressed him.

What exactly happened inside that made her Honoured Master’s attitude change so dramatically? Chen Shi Tao was very aware of how high her Honoured Master’s vision was. Not long after she was accepted as one of her Honoured Master’s disciples, an Elder from the Sect proposed that one of his descendants marry her, but was categorically rejected by Mo Yu.

That Elder’s descendant had excellent aptitude and strength and was regarded as a rising star in the Sect, yet such a person couldn’t even enter the eyes of her Honoured Master, so what did Yang Kai possess that made him have such a high opinion of him?

In Chen Shi Tao’s impression, Yang Kai’s strength was indeed astonishing and could be regarded as an elite amongst cultivators in the same realm, but she had always felt his greatest advantage was the great destiny he carried which made his luck exceptionally good.

However, her Honoured Master had already said that he did not believe in relying on something like luck or fate.

Chen Shi Tao was completely unable to figure out what had happened.

Regardless of the swirling changes that were occurring outside, inside the Starship, Yang Kai looked around curiously. When he had accompanied Yang Yan to the Flowing Flame Sand Field a few days ago, he had heard from her that she had built a bigger Starship beneath Dragon Cave Mountain, so he had not been surprised when it had suddenly appeared.

The only thing he had taken note of was how small this Starship was.

After entering this Starship though, he realized that, similar to the Flying Shark Battle Shuttle, it was actually bigger on the inside than it appeared on the outside, with quite a spacious interior.

In addition to an exquisite main hall, there were meditation rooms, an Artifact Refining facility, a Pill Room, a sparring room, and various other facilities.

Such a Starship was far bigger than the massive Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce Starship Yang Kai had previously ridden!

Strolling forward, Yang Kai soon came to an arched hall that was finished with high-grade polished wood and was decorated with the finest of tapestries while being illuminated by brilliant lighting stones that made it seem as bright as day.

At this moment, basically everyone who had any authority on Dragon Cave Mountain was here, including the new woman surnamed Ye and Ge Qi who were standing beside Yang Yan.

Chang Qi, Hao An, and the others all wore their usual looks; after all, they had participated in this Starship’s refinement, so they had seen it inside and out numerous times. As for Qian Yue and Wu Yi, who had already become like Yang Yan’s right and left arms, they looked perfectly at home here.

Ning Xiang Chen, on the other hand, wore a permanently dumbfounded expression, as if he still could not believe what he was seeing.

Glancing over at the woman surnamed Ye from time to time, his expression only became more timid and astonished.

He was far more aware of the origins of this woman than anyone else present and was naturally unable to relax in her presence. What shocked Ning Xiang Chen the most though was that this woman surnamed Ye called Yang Yan ‘Madam’! Even with her peak Third-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivation, she displayed complete obedience towards Yang Yan as well as clear respect and admiration.

Ning Xiang Chen wanted to punch himself to confirm whether he was dreaming.

When Yang Kai arrived, he saw that Wu Yi and the others wore somewhat depressed looks and were sighing constantly.

Although Dragon Cave Mountain had won an incredible victory in this battle, not only killing countless enemies and not suffering any losses themselves, with their home having been levelled, how could they possibly have the mood to celebrate?

That was the home they had all built together with all their might.

But now, it had been razed to the ground in this unexpected battle. After several years of hard work, they had watched as everything they built was destroyed, so it was only natural for them to feel sad.