Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1423, High Heaven Sect

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The massive Supreme Profound Sect ruins that had laid untouched for over ten thousand years finally ushered in its first visitors today.

The World Energy here was so rich it was practically tangible, wrapping around one’s body while providing a sense of warmth and comfort. One hardly even needed to circulate their Secret Art for the surrounding World Energy to pour into their body.

Cultivating in this environment would be several times more efficient than in the outside world!

Not only did Wu Yi and the others from Dragon Cave Mountain wear excited looks, even the woman surnamed Ye couldn’t help revealing a look of fascination.

As the former Sect Master of Star Emperor Mountain, this woman was well aware that it had the densest World Energy on Shadowed Star. Nevertheless, Star Emperor Mountain’s World Energy aura was dwarfed by this place.

Beneath Star Emperor Mountain was an Earth Vein of the highest grade that provided a constant stream of World Energy; however, beneath these Supreme Profound Sect ruins, it seemed that there was far more than just one peak-grade Earth Vein.

The first place the group arrived was a set of immaculate white-jade steps that remained completely spotless despite ten thousand years having passed. These white-jade steps were constructed from the finest of materials and numbered several thousand at least, each one releasing a warm, lustrous glow as they led higher up into the mountains.

Yang Kai and Yang Yan walked up these steps at a leisurely pace, basking in the rich aura of this place while releasing their Divine Senses to examine their surroundings.

The woman surnamed Ye followed behind them, and behind her were Chang Qi and the other Origin Realm cultivators. The several dozen disciples that originally belonged to the Hai Ke Family brought up the rear and were all constantly whispering amongst themselves.

They had followed Wu Yi to leave the Hai Ke Family and join Dragon Cave Mountain even though they had all felt somewhat distraught about leaving their original family at the time.

However, in the following few years, they had obtained near-unlimited cultivation materials and an excellent cultivation environment on Dragon Cave Mountain, gradually allowing them to develop a sense of belonging to the place.

Now though, Dragon Cave Mountain had been razed to the ground, and although they felt it was something of a pity, Yang Kai and Yang Yan had led them into this new world, to a paradise countless times better than Dragon Cave Mountain.

Reminiscing about the past, each and every one of these cultivators secretly rejoiced about their decision to follow Wu Yi all those years ago. If they had chosen to remain in the Hai Ke Family, they would likely still be struggling every day for a few meagre cultivation resources. Now, they didn’t need to worry about such things at all, only needing to focus on their own cultivation. In addition, they had near unlimited amounts of Saint Crystals and pills to help them, as well as extremely high-quality artifacts.

Such treatment couldn’t be enjoyed even by the top Sects on Shadowed Star for cultivators like them.

If someone from Heaven Battling Union or Thunder Typhoon Sect were to invite them to join their Sect, they would definitely sneer in disdain.

Heaven Battling Union? Thunder Typhoon Sect? What things were they? Could they compare to Dragon Cave Mountain?

Step by step, the small crowd ascended the steps, and after about half an hour, they finally arrived at the top. Looking forward, the group led by Yang Kai saw two giant pillars which formed a kind of entryway above which a massive plaque was hung with three words emblazoned upon it in majestic characters.

Supreme Profound Sect!

There was a profundity to these words that immediately drew in one’s attention and elicited a sense of wonderment. It was impossible to know who had carved this plaque, but it was certain that their strength had not been low, most likely at the Origin King Realm!

As the mountain breeze gently blew through, bringing with it a clear and refreshing scent, the group’s line of sight passed through Supreme Profound Sect’s main gate and towards its inner sanctum. Mountains filled with exquisite pavilions and palaces went on as far as the eye could see, but what was eerie was that this magnificent Sect ruin didn’t have the slightest trace of vitality or life inside it.

Yang Kai spread out his Divine Sense but was shocked to discover that he was unable to encompass the entire Supreme Profound Sect ruin.

Such a massive Sect could accommodate a hundred thousand disciples and still not feel the slightest bit crowded, but right now, there were less than a hundred people in this place. On top of that, it was likely that there would be less than one hundred people living here and cultivating for some time to come.

It wouldn’t be a problem for each of them to occupy their own mountain.

“This should be the Front Court,” Yang Yan’s brow wrinkled slightly as she spoke, “We should explore separately. It seems there are no active barriers or Spirit Arrays inside but don’t act carelessly. If you encounter anything suspicious, don’t rush in on your own, send a message to Yang Kai or me and we will come to investigate.”

“Alright,” Wu Yi acknowledged before dividing up the other cultivators into groups of two or three before having them disperse in all directions.

Naturally, Yang Kai did not remain idle either and began exploring this Front Court of the Supreme Profound Sect alone.

He thought that there would still be some good things left here, but to his disappointment, there was essentially nothing of value at all. It was as if all that remained here was the massive Sect ruin itself, disappointing him.

After exploring for a whole day, Yang Kai failed to gain anything of worth.

The former disciples of the Hai Ke Family, on the other hand, had better luck, some of them finding old artifacts or pills that could still be used, rushing back over to report their finds, eager to hand them over.

After examining these things briefly, Yang Kai simply allowed these disciples to keep them as he had no interest in them.

This decision further stimulated these disciples’ desire to explore. From the Supreme Profound Sect Front Court, one could see people coming and going excitedly with great frequency.

Time flew by and soon half a month had passed.

During this half-month period, the only thing everyone did was explore the Supreme Profound Sect ruins, but even so, they had not finished exploring it all.

There were a total of eighty-one mountain peaks here, each one with its own unique features, but they all had incredibly rich World Energy aura, far better than any great force’s headquarters.

Among these eighty-one peaks, nine had far greater World Energy density.

Although they hadn’t been able to reap any major gains, just being able to settle down in this place already satisfied everyone greatly.

After some debate, everyone decided to live together around the Front Court; after all, there were just too few of them and the Supreme Profound Sect ruins were too large. If they all scattered, it would become inconvenient to even contact one another much less work together.

The World Energy aura of the Front Court wasn’t as dense as the nine largest mountain peaks, but it was still better than anywhere in the outside world.

Yang Kai occupied a magnificent palace by himself, one that was located above a Spirit Spring. An exquisite Spirit Array had been arranged in this palace to channel and contain the aura which was released from the Spirit Spring, so it was an ideal place to cultivate.

Regarding this whole situation, Yang Kai was very satisfied.

However, since everyone who had originally belonged to this Sect had fallen, continuing to call it Supreme Profound Sect wasn’t appropriate; after all, when dealing with other great forces on Shadowed Star in the future, they couldn’t use the name Dragon Cave Mountain or Supreme Profound Sect to represent this place. Yang Yan, Wu Yi, and the others came to consult Yang Kai about this and he immediately replaced the Supreme Profound Sect plaque hanging above the main gate with a new one that read ‘High Heaven Sect’!

Although there had been no formal announcement to the world, this was actually the moment a new Sect was founded.

High Heaven Pavilion was Yang Kai’s original Sect, so it only seemed reasonable to name this place High Heaven Sect. No one else had any opinion about this, or even asked Yang Kai what the significance of this name was.

They had long regarded Yang Kai as their leader, so even if the name Yang Kai came up with was awful, they wouldn’t complain. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

On the other hand, the woman surnamed Ye actually praised this new Sect’s name quite liberally.

After spending so long together, Yang Kai had also learned about the origins of this woman surnamed Ye.

Ye Xi Yun was the former Sect Master of Star Emperor Mountain! One of Shadowed Star’s most prestigious and famous figures; unfortunately, she had abandoned Star Emperor Mountain for some unknown reason many years ago. Everyone thought she died, but it seems that she had actually been secluding herself from the world.

[Leo: We finally get her freaking name!]

If not for Ge Qi accidentally discovering Yang Yan this time, Ye Xi Yun would likely have remained hidden from the world.

Even though she was the former Sect Master of Star Emperor Mountain, Ye Xi Yun had only brought two things with her when she left, the Origin King Grade Bone Incinerating Flame Lamp artifact, and a certain portrait.

A portrait of the Starry Sky Great Emperor!

Star Emperor Mountain’s ancestral teachings stated that the Great Emperor had fallen into a deep sleep, but would reappear one day.

The years passed though, and after ten thousand years, these ancestral teachings had gradually been forgotten. Star Emperor Mountain itself didn’t know if it really had any relationship with the Starry Sky Great Emperor, but Ye Xi Yun had never doubted it.

In order to explore the secrets of the Great Emperor, she had searched through ancient records from all around Shadowed Star and eventually learned a shocking truth. Apparently, the Great Emperor had encountered a powerful enemy, suffered a heavy loss, and used some kind of Divine Ability to put herself into a deep sleep to slowly recover over the ages.

This coincided with the story Yang Yan had told Yang Kai before.

In order to discover this piece of buried history, Ye Xi Yun had used several dozen years of time, during which she had not paid any attention to Star Emperor Mountain’s matters. As a result, she had fallen out of power and eventually had her position usurped, forcing her to flee from Star Emperor Mountain.

The reason she had dedicated so much time to researching the Great Emperor was quite simple: She wanted to break through to the Origin King Realm!

Although she didn’t know what the Great Emperor’s true cultivation was, Ye Xi Yun could tell that she had definitely transcended the Origin King Realm. Since the Great Emperor could reach such a realm ten thousand years ago, why couldn’t she?

Ye Xi Yun’s original intention was to find a way to break through to the Origin King Realm by taking advantage of the Great Emperor’s past experiences, but instead, she had actually stumbled upon such grand secrets.

After leaving Star Emperor Mountain and going into hiding, Ye Xi Yun had hung the Great Emperor’s portrait in her secluded home.

Ge Qi was a disciple she had taken many years ago, and although they had a relationship of Master and Disciple, Ge Qi insisted on calling her Martial Ancestor. When Ge Qi visited Ye Xi Yun to ask for her guidance, he had naturally seen the portrait of the Great Emperor.

As such, when this guy came to Heavenly Fate City and saw Yang Yan, he felt like he had seen a ghost, quickly becoming timid and respectful.

When he returned to Ye Xi Yun and told her of what he had seen, Ye Xi Yun had immediately rushed out to Dragon Cave Mountain without even taking the time to fully heal her injuries, coincidentally arriving just as Dragon Cave Mountain was being besieged.

Although there were people with similar appearances in this world, it was impossible for two strangers to have exactly the same face. As such, Ye Xi Yun had guessed that the woman named Yang Yan might have something to do with the Great Emperor.

After rushing to Dragon Cave Mountain and conversing with Yang Yan, however, Ye Xi Yun immediately became convinced of her guess.

If this wasn’t the case, how could she have helped Dragon Cave Mountain for no apparent reason or obey Yang Yan’s every order as a peak Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master?

If Ye Xi Yun had any doubts before, all of those had been laid to rest during these days of contact. Only the Great Emperor could refine such a Starship, and only the Great Emperor could easily open the Supreme Profound Sect’s Sect Defending Array.

She subconsciously thought that Yang Yan was the reincarnation of the Great Emperor, not suspecting that the true body of the Great Emperor was actually still sleeping in the Emperor Garden.