Chapter 1425, Subduing

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The stalemate lasted for three days and three nights with no progress.

On the contrary, his Spiritual Energy had been completely exhausted, and his Knowledge Sea had dried up. If not for him possessing a supreme treasure like the Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus, Yang Kai would already be in a comatose state.

Even so, Yang Kai currently felt as if his head was being pierced by thousands of needles, causing him extreme pain.

In the main hall of the First Heavenly Palace, Yang Kai groaned in a low voice, his Demon Eye of Annihilation deactivating on its own as it couldn’t be sustained without Spiritual Energy to support it.

This was the first time ever his Demon Eye of Annihilation had proven useless! In the past, whenever Yang Kai had used it, whether it was to defeat or deter an enemy, the Demon Eye of Annihilation had proven incredibly effective.

But now, dealing with the Remnant Soul in the Verdant Dragon Bone Sword, it had no effect.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai was not annoyed, but instead even more pleased.

The harder it was for him to make it submit, the more valuable the Dragon Bone Sword was. As long as he could find a way to make the Dragon Soul surrender to him, the boost it would provide to him would be immense.

However, how was he supposed to subdue it? Yang Kai gasped for breath as he stared at the giant dark green dragon in front of him, contemplating deeply.

Suddenly, he remembered something and raised his brow as excitement flashed across his eyes. Although it was just a stray thought, Yang Kai felt it was absolutely worth a try.

Not having used it for so long, Yang Kai had completely forgotten that there was another True Dragon Remnant Soul in his body!

Back in the Great Han Dynasty, Yang Kai had accepted a profound inheritance inside the Inheritance Heaven Cave that left a Golden Dragon Tattoo on his body. Later, when he arrived in Tong Xuan Realm and entered Dragon Phoenix Palace’s Dragon Valley, Yang Kai had learned that this Golden Dragon Tattoo was related to the Dragon Emperor’s Inheritance.

Yang Kai was somewhat ignorant before and didn’t understand what exactly this Golden Dragon Tattoo was or what secrets it held, but after his previous exploration of the Emperor Garden with Fei Zhi Tu, he had come to learn of the existence of Ancient Divine Spirits.

Since the Phoenix Empress Inheritance he had brought with him from the Phoenix Nest was an Ice Phoenix Remnant Soul, the Dragon Emperor Inheritance he obtained from Dragon Valley must similarly be so.

Although he had yet to verify this, Yang Kai felt his guess should not be wrong. It would not make sense of the Dragon Emperor Inheritance to be weaker than the Phoenix Empress Inheritance!

Perhaps... he could achieve his objective here with the help of the Dragon Emperor Inheritance.

Thinking so, Yang Kai no longer hesitated. In any case, there was no harm in trying.

Discarding his upper robes, Yang Kai exposed his toned body to the air.

Yang Kai didn’t have a robust figure, but his body was extremely well-built and his muscles were perfectly chiselled, giving him a rather heroic look.

At this moment, there are two figures emblazoned on his body, one was the Golden Dragon Tattoo while the other was the Ice Phoenix Tattoo, both looking extremely lifelike.

The difference, however, was that the Golden Dragon Tattoo was lively, randomly swimming across Yang Kai’s skin while the Ice Phoenix Tattoo remained motionless.

This was only natural though, as the Ice Phoenix Tattoo was the Phoenix Empress’ Inheritance, not something that belonged to Yang Kai. Currently, it was just using his body as a carrier while the Golden Dragon Tattoo was the Dragon Emperor Inheritance which had become part of Yang Kai.

When Yang Kai’s Divine Sense swept across the Ice Phoenix Tattoo, he felt that its eyes moved slightly, seemingly meeting his gaze for a moment before once again freezing in place. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

However, Yang Kai didn’t know whether this actually happened or he had just imagined it.

Even so, Yang Kai could not help thinking of Su Yan at this moment. The whole reason the Ice Phoenix Tattoo was willing to remain with him was because he promised to bring it to Su Yan. Unfortunately, after so many years, he had not had an opportunity to see her again.

He did not know how she was now.

Or if she was being bullied.

Or if she was able to continue her cultivation smoothly.

.....

After a moment of silence, Yang Kai adjusted his mood and focused his consciousness on the Golden Dragon Tattoo. Taking a deep breath, Yang Kai began circulating his Yin-Yang Joyous Unification Art. Although Su Yan was not here to cooperate with him, Yang Kai was intimately familiar with this Secret Art, so it was not difficult for him to circulate it.

As Yang Kai’s Saint Qi surged, the Golden Dragon Tattoo began swimming faster and faster, as if receiving some kind of nourishment.

A moment later, a deafening dragon roar rang out and a dazzling golden light burst from Yang Kai’s body, flooding the entire First Heavenly Palace while the verdant hue filling the air suddenly dimmed greatly.

The eyes of the giant dark green dragon, which had been staring at Yang Kai indifferently and disdainfully for the past three days, suddenly filled with panic when this golden light appeared, as if it had encountered its nemesis, trembling violently as it seemingly became flustered.

*Hou...*

The golden light radiating from Yang Kai grew ever stronger until a giant phantom image of a Golden Dragon appeared above his head, like an ancient god overlooking the giant dark green dragon.

The two dragons looked roughly the same size and had very similar appearances, the only difference being their colours.

One gold, one green.

Although the verdant dragon looked terrified, it was still obviously unwilling to show weakness in front of its enemy and stubbornly lifted its head while resisting the majesty of the Golden Dragon.

Yang Kai was overjoyed when he saw this scene as he knew that, like a blind cat hitting a dead mouse, he had stumbled upon the right method. Naturally, Yang Kai was unwilling to give up halfway so he immediately began circulating his Yin-Yang Joyous Unification Art more vigorously.

The golden radiance grew even stronger, further suppressing the verdant glow.

Things did not end here though. Seemingly receiving stimulus from this situation, the Ice Phoenix Tattoo on Yang Kai’s back suddenly let out a piercing cry and also soared out of his body to manifest in the sky above his head.

A cold chill burst forth from the Ice Phoenix while a terrifying heat emerged from the Golden Dragon. With hot and cold energy meeting, according to common sense, they should have mutually cancelled one another out, but they began blending together instead, not only harmoniously but also enhancing each other’s power.

The golden, green, and white light collided with each other as crackling sounds filled the air.

However, the green light had already been suppressed by the golden light, so with the addition of the white light, its defeat became inevitable.

The sound of something cutting through the air reached Yang Kai’s ears, but the light in front of him was so bright that he was unable to clearly see what was happening; only vaguely sensing that the golden and white auras were rapidly suppressing the green one. Using his Divine Sense, Yang Kai confirmed that the green light was shrinking at an incredible speed.

*Hong...*

A muffled bang rang out, causing Yang Kai’s body to shake, but when he opened his eyes and looked forward again, he suddenly found that his room had become a chaotic mess, as if a great storm had blown through it. Even the barriers protecting the First Heavenly Palace had been destroyed.

On his back, at some point unknown to Yang Kai, the Golden Dragon Tattoo and the Ice Phoenix Tattoo had returned, the former swimming about happily while the latter once again sat dormant.

It was as if everything just now had been an illusion, never even happening.

However, Yang Kai’s attention was immediately attracted to the Verdant Dragon Bone Sword on the ground. Reaching out and holding it, he felt an inexplicable sensation coming from it.

Before, Yang Kai had felt like he was holding an artifact when holding this Dragon Bone Sword, but now he felt a sense of connection with it, as if this Verdant Dragon Bone Sword had become a part of his body and could be freely manipulated by him.

Although this feeling was quite weak and indistinct, it was completely different from before.

Raising his brow, Yang Kai infused his Saint Qi into the verdant sword and it immediately transformed into a familiar giant dark-green dragon, but different from before it no longer wore a look of contempt and disdain on its face, instead wearing a look of meekness and obedience.

Yang Kai grinned as he was unable to contain his joy.

Unexpectedly, his random idea of using Dragon Pressure to suppress Dragon Pressure had turned out to be effective.

After this brief confrontation, Yang Kai also vaguely felt that his Golden Dragon Tattoo seemed to be stronger than the giant dark green dragon.

Both of them were Remnant Souls of Ancient Divine Spirit, but the giant dark green dragon was obviously at a disadvantage when confronting the Golden Dragon, so even without the support of the Ice Phoenix Remnant Soul, Yang Kai thought it would have only been a matter of time before he was able to completely subdue it.

The addition of the Ice Phoenix only shortened the time this process took.

With a flash of thought, Yang Kai had the giant dark green dragon fly through the air according to his commands.

From now on, when he used this Verdant Dragon Bone Sword, Yang Kai no longer needed to worry about suffering backlash from it disobeying him, relieving a big hidden danger, so naturally, he was in a happy mood.

After experimenting inside his room for some time, Yang Kai stored the Dragon Bone Sword in his body again to continue nourishing it with his Saint Qi. His strength was still too low right now, so he was unable to exert the full power of this artifact, and it also seemed like it had not been completely refined. Understanding this, Yang Kai began to wonder just how powerful this Verdant Dragon Bone Sword would be once it reached its peak.

This was something he was very much looking forward to.

Taking out some pills from his Space Ring, Yang Kai calmed his mind, sat down cross-legged, and began restoring his Saint Qi and Spiritual Energy.

In just one day, Yang Kai had recovered to his peak state, but just as he was about to get up, a loud humming noise rang out outside, causing the entire First Heavenly Palace to tremble.

Yang Kai’s complexion changed as his first thought was someone was attacking High Heaven Sect, but immediately after he realized this was impossible. High Heaven Sect had occupied the ruins of the Supreme Profound Sect, which was protected by the Three Blazing Flame Rings on all sides. With such a barrier around it, who could possibly attack High Heaven Sect on Shadowed Star?

At the same time, Yang Kai felt the surrounding World Energy was not reacting the same way it would if the Sect was under attack.

Rather, it seemed like it was flowing differently because of some kind of internal changes in the Sect.

Frowning slightly, Yang Kai stood up, pushed open the doors, and exited the First Heavenly Palace before turning to look in a certain direction. In the next instant, Yang Kai’s figure flickered and flew off with great speed.

A moment later, Yang Kai arrived at the huge open square of High Heaven Sect’s Front Court.

Looking around, Yang Kai saw that the Sect’s several dozen disciples were all gathered here, along with all the Elders as well. Everyone was looking up into the sky at this moment, as if something there had attracted their attention.

Following their line of sight, Yang Kai was surprised to discover that suspended mid-air was a solemn-looking Yang Yan. Her long, beautiful black hair was flowing freely in the wind as her hands constantly weaved a series of complex signs. There was also a stream of Saint Qi constantly being emitted from her tender body towards the sky.

Realizing Yang Kai had arrived, everyone turned and saluted.