Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1436, Astonishing Baptism

Could a cultivator breaking through to the Origin Returning Realm really create such a massive disturbance?

The answer was obviously no!

Ye Xi Yun, as a peak Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master, was certainly qualified to comment on such matters. She had seen many people pass through this checkpoint to becoming Origin Realm masters. When Ge Qi went through this process, she had personally stood guard to protect him, but never before had she witnessed a scene like this.

This could already be described as a Heavenly Manifestation!

Ye Xi Yun was thoroughly amazed, and couldn’t help remembering some ancient records she had read a long time ago that said that if a cultivator was strong enough, and had enough potential, they could even cause Heavenly Manifestations when they broke through a Great Realm.

Of course, such cultivators were rare existences. Even when taking all of history into account, one possibly appeared once in ten thousand years.

Did this Sect Master of hers have such potential?

In all fairness, Ye Xi Yun and Yang Kai did not have much friendship between them, nor were they particularly familiar with one another. Ye Xi Yun remaining in High Heaven Sect and assuming the position of Great Elder was entirely because of Yang Yan. Besides Yang Yan, she had never really put anyone here in her eyes.

With her vision, she could naturally tell that Yang Kai was far more powerful than an average Saint King and could be regarded as an elite amongst the elite; but even so, this was not of much interest to her.

However, at this moment, she could not help but raise her evaluation of Yang Kai; after all, if her guess was right, the potential future achievements of this Sect Master of hers were simply unfathomable!

At this point, Ye Xi Yun’s beautiful eyes glowed strangely as she began looking forward to the future.

High up in the air, the massive World Energy funnel swirled about, filled with astonishing and terrifying amounts of energy. On top of that, with the continuous influx of Five Elements World Energy, this World Energy funnel became extremely dazzling as it hung above First Heavenly Palace.

Even if they were all standing three kilometres away, everyone could feel the incredible pressure emanating from this funnel, making them wonder just how much pressure Yang Kai must be enduring as he was directly beneath it.

Outside First Heavenly Palace, multiple light halos flashed wildly as the many defensive Spirit Arrays and barriers were battered by this pressure.

“Great Elder, how is Sect Master’s situation?” Chang Qi and the others were all anxious, but none of them dared release their Divine Senses to investigate this oppressive phenomenon, so they could only consult Ye Xi Yun.

“So far it seems like everything is going smoothly. He has already touched upon Shadowed Star’s World Principles,” Ye Xi Yun replied lightly.

Chang Qi and others heard this and could not help showing joyful looks. Since Yang Kai had already made contact with Shadowed Star’s World Principles, it meant his breakthrough was within sight.

“But whether or not he can succeed will depend on him being able to withstand the approaching World Energy baptism.”

Everyone’s face changed slightly when they heard this, falling silent as they stared forward with worry.

The World Energy baptism was a step every cultivator would experience each time they broke through to a new Great Realm. During this process, a cultivator would have to bear unimaginable suffering and pain and it was a method by which a cultivator’s quality and fortitude were tested. Once one successfully passed through this baptism, their strength would increase dramatically, allowing them to break through the shackles holding them back and reach the next Great Realm.

If one failed, however...

Best case, they would suffer severe injuries, worst case, they would die!

After all, the World Energy baptism was akin to a test imposed on a cultivator by the world itself. If one failed it, the results were obviously not going to be pleasant.

Every year, countless cultivators failed to pass this threshold and fell, so for any cultivator, breaking through to the next Great Realm was both an opportunity and a challenge! The survival of the fittest was vividly reflected in this process.

But how could an ordinary cultivator break through to the next Great Realm cause such an amazing Heavenly Manifestation? Yang Kai accomplishing this was certainly a joyful development, but now that he had arrived at this point, if he wanted to survive, succeeding was his only option. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Judging from the concentration of World Energy at this moment, if Yang Kai were to fail to break through, the only possibility would be his body and soul being completely obliterated!

After all, the power contained in this five-coloured World Energy funnel was simply too much for any Saint King Realm cultivator to bear.

Just as everyone was feeling worried, the massive World Energy funnel suddenly underwent a dramatic change, as if something in First Heavenly Palace was drawing it in. The World Energy funnel began to rotate even faster and in the next instant it, along with all its stored energy, crashed down towards the ground.

There was no delay or reservation at all, as if all the potential it had been storing up burst out in a single eruption!

The layers upon layers of barriers protecting First Heavenly Palace were like thin paper in the face of the massive amount of swirling World Energy, all of them being torn apart in an instant. Seeing this caused Ye Xi Yun’s countenance to change as the five-coloured World Energy poured into First Heavenly Palace and rapidly disappeared.

The massive World Energy funnel shrank at a speed visible to the naked eye, and within a few breaths, had been reduced to half its original size.

“Sect Master!” Chang Qi and the others exclaimed in horror as their faces filled with alarm.

This unrelenting torrent of World Energy pouring down from above caused all of them to stare in astonishment! Everyone present had broken through to the Origin Returning Realm before and passed through this checkpoint.

But the World Energy baptism they experienced when they broke through was best described as streams of energy falling like lightning upon their bodies, with a certain gap between each strike. Although it had been difficult to bear, they at least had some time to breathe and adjust themselves during the process.

The scene in front of them now though was obviously vastly different. Yang Kai simply had no chance to catch his breath at all.

Even if Yang Kai was incredibly strong, how could he survive in the face of such overwhelming pressure?

The faces of Chang Qi and the others suddenly went pale as they instinctively thought that Yang Kai was dead for certain.

Ye Xi Yun’s expression also became quite gloomy as she let out a sigh, a trace of disappointment flashing across her face. She thought she had encountered an extraordinary genius that was only born once in a few thousand years, but now it looked like he was destined to be just a flash in the pan.

Soon, however, her brow wrinkled, and an astonished light flashed across her eyes.

Because the massive World Energy funnel still had not dissipated and the astonishing deluge of World Energy was still pouring down, creating a deafening rumbling sound that filled the air.

[He has not died!]

Ye Xi Yun’s brow rose as she could not help feeling surprised.

If Yang Kai had died just now, the Heavenly Manifestation generated by his breakthrough would naturally have begun to dissipate, but since the World Energy funnel continued to exist, it meant he hadn’t died and was still undergoing the World Energy baptism!

This was also the key step to breaking through to the next Great Realm.

Listening carefully, Ye Xi Yun was able to hear the pained roars of a person amidst the thunderous rumbling.

Yang Kai really had not died. Ye Xi Yun’s eyes brightened as she quickly turned her head to look at Yang Yan, only to discover that the latter was far calmer than herself. It was as if Yang Yan had been expecting this kind of result, but upon closer inspection, Ye Xi Yun clearly saw Yang Yan’s delicate fists clenching tightly and her beautiful eyes flashing with worry and anxiety.

While High Heaven Sect’s group were all feeling incredibly on edge, the masters from Shadow Moon Hall, Clear Sky Sect, Coloured Glass Sect, and Floating Mist Palace all showed looks of amazement.

“Elder, can Brother Yang bear this kind of World Energy baptism?” Wei Gu Chang asked anxiously.

“This old master doesn’t dare make any kind of judgments, but since things have developed to this point, if he can’t bear it, he will definitely die!” Qian Tong frowned as he let out a sigh, he had not expected Yang Kai breaking through to the Origin Returning Realm would result in such a strange and astonishing scene, inevitably causing him to worry greatly.

“It’s not necessarily unbearable...” Clear Sky Sect’s Sect Master Gu Zhen said pensively, “If his physique is strong enough, he should be able to accept this vast amount of World Energy in a short period of time, but... It would be incredibly difficult!”

Although the Sect Master and Great Elder of Floating Mist Palace did not comment, both of them continued observing this scene fixedly, clear looks of shock filling their faces.

When Gong Xing He and Gong Ao Fu of Coloured Glass Sect exchanged a glance, the father-daughter pair clearly saw the shock in each other’s eyes. Both had believed that High Heaven Sect’s shocking reputation and prestige depended entirely upon the special location of their headquarters and Ye Xi Yun’s presence.

However, it now seemed that High Heaven Sect’s Sect Master was also no ordinary character, forcing them to re-examine him. If he fell here today, they naturally would not be upset. On Shadowed Star, there were already two giants vying for supremacy, Heaven Battling Union and Thunder Typhoon Sect. Two such forces were plenty, and Gong Xing He would rather not have another great force that could compete with them, but if Yang Kai managed to survive this ordeal, it would be necessary for them to earnestly make friends with him!

Various thoughts flashed across the minds of the people present, but regardless of what they were considering, at this moment, everyone’s attention was concentrated on the huge, multicoloured World Energy funnel. A short time later, the funnel shrank down further, halving in size once more, and it was still continuing to shrink.

After another moment, in the front of everyone’s eyes, the huge multicoloured funnel disappeared, all the World Energy which had originally been contained within having poured into First Heavenly Palace. The original tense and oppressive atmosphere suddenly disappeared, as if it had never even existed, gentle rays of sunlight streaming down from a blue sky that had not a cloud in sight for ten thousand kilometres.

Only a few wisps of Five Coloured World Energy lingered about like fish trapped in a net above First Heavenly Palace.

High Heaven Sect fell silent, as everyone’s eyes remained fixed on First Heavenly Palace, all of them wanting to know what the result of this shocking breakthrough was.

However, for a long time, there was only still silence, as if Yang Kai had really fallen.

Wu Yi and Qian Yue’s complexion turned pure white!

Had he failed? Wu Yi and Qian Yue did not dare continue to think about it; however, they couldn’t think of another explanation for the scene before them.

No cultivator could withstand such an astonishing influx of World Energy in such a short time, even a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master couldn’t accomplish such a feat, let alone Yang Kai who was just a peak Third-Order Saint King.

Although Wu Yi and Qian Yue had not yet reached this level, with their level of insight they could at least determine this much.

Chang Qi and the others also wore ashen expressions.

“Why are all of you wearing such gloomy looks?” Ye Xi Yun swept her eyes around and frowned slightly, “You think he died?”

Chang Qi heard this and immediately wore a look of shock, turning towards her and hesitating for a moment before asking, “Great Elder, you mean...”

Ye Xi Yun’s lips curled upwards and a smile appeared on her chilly face, making her appear exceptionally attractive. Brushing her hair back gently, she replied without any trace of panic in her voice, “Although this Queen doesn’t know how he managed it,... he’s definitely not dead. Not only that, but he also seems to be quite lively.”