Chapter 1440, Demon Blood Temple’s Temple Master

After half a year of recuperation, Jin Shi finally managed to recover, and although he was still lacking an arm, that didn’t have much impact on his strength. Passing by Yang Kai at this moment and seeing his hated enemy, Jin Shi naturally became enraged.

Without hesitation, Jin Shi summoned his dark red Demon Blood Thread and lashed out in an attempt to behead Yang Kai.

He believed that by catching Yang Kai unprepared, he could definitely kill him!

However, Jin Shi dramatically underestimated the power of the Emperor Pressure in his surroundings.

The moment the reddish-black Demon Blood Thread Jin Shi sent out left the Emperor Jade’s protective halo, it was instantly submerged in the ambient Emperor Pressure, slowing its speed so much it could no longer play any kind of role as a sneak attack.

At that moment, Yang Kai glanced over at Jin Shi faintly, flashed a smile full of ridicule towards him, spoke some kind of profanity towards Jin Shi who was unable to hear it due to them being too far apart, then turned away.

Yang Kai essentially ignored Jin Shi altogether.

*Pa...*

With a soft popping sound, the reddish-black thread which was slowly advancing towards Yang Kai actually burst, filling the air with a thick bloody smell which caused those nearby to want to retch. The Demon Blood Thread Jin Shi had spent countless years condensing and nurturing was vaporized by the Emperor Garden’s Emperor Pressure.

*Pu...*

Jin Shi’s face suddenly went pale as he coughed up a mouthful of blood. His body nearly collapsed as a look of horror filled his expression, seemingly suffering a serious injury.

Demon Blood Threads were extremely special, similar to artifacts but much more closely related to the cultivator who condensed them. As a result, once one was destroyed, the cultivator who condensed it would naturally suffer a strong backlash.

Jin Shi not only failed to kill Yang Kai with this blow, he lost an extremely valuable Demon Blood Thread in the process, causing his eyes to go bloodshot with frustration.

Mo Xiao Sheng, Old Woman Feng, and several others who were nearby saw this scene and couldn’t help showing terrified looks on their faces, their expressions quickly becoming solemn and dignified.

They too had wanted to deal with Yang Kai just now, but Jin Shi had moved faster than them.

However, now it seemed it was their good fortune they had not acted hastily, otherwise, they would likely not be much better off than Jin Shi. After shivering slightly, all of these masters cast a glance towards Yang Kai before silently flying upwards.

“Boy, don’t let this old master meet you in the Emperor Garden, otherwise, I swear I’ll peel your skin and flay your flesh to soothe my hatred!” Jin Shi roared furiously.

Yang Kai glanced over at him once again, raised his hand with great difficulty, clenched his fist, then gave Jin Shi a middle finger.

(Silavin: it is actually a pinky. In Chinese, it is basically an insulting gesture meaning that the other party is useless)

“Hateful!” Jin Shi’s eyes filled with murderous intent, exhibiting a clear desire to fight Yang Kai to the death right there and then. He was also a famous character who held the position of Demon Blood Temple’s Great Elder; when had he ever been so despised and provoked?

Anyone who dared to show him such disrespect had already been drained of their blood by Jin Shi using a forbidden technique to enhance the power of his Demon Blood Thread.

Yang Kai’s naked contempt for him undoubtedly sent Jin Shi into a rage.

“Great Elder, reaching and exploring the Emperor Garden is our priority now. This little boy will definitely go in as well, so it won’t be too late to find trouble with him when we meet inside,” A beautiful woman in a highly revealing pink dress next to Jin Shi lightly comforted.

This woman’s style could only be described as bold, her jade-white arms and long slender legs almost completely exposed while her pink dress failed to conceal the luscious curves of her body, especially her immense peaks and the deep valley which lay between them, this sight alone was like a whirlpool which drew in the eyes of men, seizing their souls and driving them to distraction.

This woman’s most distinctive feature, however, was her dark red lips. This pair of ruby-like lips seemed to exude a lustrous glow which gave her a seductive allure difficult to ignore.

Like a ripe juicy peach, this woman seemed incredibly tempting and sweet.

Although this woman only appeared about thirty years of age, she was radiating the aura of a top Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

At this moment, Jin Shi was filled with indignation, but he still did not dare act dissolute towards this beautiful woman, quickly nodding to her words, “It is as Temple Master says!”

This beautiful woman was none other than the Temple Master of Demon Blood Temple! Those who weren’t familiar with the details of Demon Blood Temple would surely be shocked that a woman actually stood at its helm, but those who did know about her would avoid her like a viper.

Demon Blood Temple was by no means a righteous force, and although they didn’t commit acts of evil with absolutely no restraint, most of its disciples frequently engaged in malicious acts such as murder and robbery.

As the saying went, if the upper beam were crooked, the lower beams would be too, so with the Temple’s disciples committing vile deeds, this beautiful woman who was the Temple Master naturally was not anything good.

It was rumoured that this woman never spent the night without the company of a man. Any male in Demon Blood Temple she felt was to her taste could not escape from her clutches, even several Elders of the Temple were rumoured to be having affairs with her.

Every year, a large number of physically strong, outstanding-looking male cultivators were captured by Demon Blood Temple and disappeared without a trace.

Supposedly, all of these men had been sucked dry by this beautiful woman, quite literally dying beneath her.

However, although Demon Blood Temple carried out such repugnant acts, it still remained safe and sound because the males they targeted all came from small forces or had no stronger background or backers. As such, even if Demon Blood Temple’s reputation was terrible, no powerful force went to find trouble with it.

What’s more, Demon Blood Temple was also a first-class force on Shadowed Star, so unless Thunder Typhoon Sect and Heaven Battling Union joined forces and gathered additional masters from the other great forces on the star, it would be all but impossible to uproot it.

At this moment, this beautiful woman was staring towards Yang Kai, her eyes flashing with a predatory glint as her tongue licked her ruby-red lips, her breathing even becoming a little quick.

No wind leaked through a wall without a hall; all the rumours about this woman were basically true. For example, what she liked the most was strong men!

It was not that she had a deep need for warmth and companionship. As the master of a great force and a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivators, how could she waste time on such things? The reason she liked strong men was that the vitality these men had was much richer than that of average cultivators!

While sleeping with such men, she could use a special set of Secret Techniques to devour their vital essence and use it to enhance the strength of her Demon Blood Threads!

Yang Kai being able to stand at this position without relying on the Emperor Jade’s protection, solely depending on his physical body to resist the surrounding Emperor Pressure, clearly displayed how intrepid his vitality was, which in turn greatly stimulated the desires of this beautiful woman.

Moreover, Yang Kai’s cultivation at the First-Order Origin Returning Realm was not low. If she could devour the vitality of this boy, her strength would definitely increase substantially!

After having reached her current cultivation, wanting to increase her strength further became incredibly difficult. If it was another star in the Star Field, she could attempt to break through to the Origin King Realm, but in the special environment of Shadowed Star, where the Origin King Realm was simply unattainable, she could only strengthen her Secret Techniques instead.

To her, Yang Kai’s body was the greatest of delicacies!

The more she looked, the more delighted she became. This beautiful woman wanted nothing more than to rush over, capture Yang Kai, and find a place where no one could interrupt their good deal, but having been frightened greatly by the tragedy which befell Jin Shi after he attacked just now, she knew that now was not the right time to act aggressively.

Giggling lightly, the beautiful woman looked towards Yang Kai and said, “Little brother, hurry up and enter the Emperor Garden, this Temple Master will be waiting for you inside!”

Saying so, she and Jin Shi flew upwards past Yang Kai.

Staring at the backs of these two, Yang Kai just coldly snorted, not paying them any mind.

He had long known his trip to the Emperor Garden would not be peaceful; let alone others, the great forces that had deep grudges with him and Dragon Cave Mountain would not let this opportunity to silence him go.

But what of it?

Now that he had broken through to the First-Order Origin Returning Realm, and his Shi had reached the minor accomplishment stage, even if he was besieged by four or five top-level masters he could not defeat, Yang Kai was confident he could easily escape.

As such, he was not the slightest bit afraid; on the contrary, he was actually feeling quite eager to find an opportunity to test the power of his Shi.

Rays of light flashed past from all directions as the cultivators from Shadowed Star who had obtained Emperor Jades rushed up towards the Emperor Garden. As time passed, everyone who was qualified eventually passed through the floating Space Arrays and entered the Emperor Garden.

Hovering in mid-air, only the lone figure of Yang Kai remained, still climbing upwards at an incredibly slow pace.

Instead of becoming impatient though, he only became calmer.

Now that everyone had gone on ahead, he had nothing more to worry about and could focus all of his attention on tempering and condensing his Shi here.

Yang Kai was not willing to miss such a rare opportunity!

Time continued to pass, and three days later, Yang Kai stood mid-air, pale-faced, his legs trembling nonstop, as if he was on the verge of collapsing.

Having reached this point, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t take another step forward. The Emperor Pressure around him was already so oppressive that it seemed like it would crush him to death if he advanced even one step higher.

These three days of hard work had given him insight and understanding an ordinary cultivator would need to spend hundreds of years to achieve.

Comprehension of Shi!

Yang Kai’s Shi was no longer just at the minor accomplishment stage and had made great strides forward, making it comparable in intensity to masters who had long ago achieved great fame.

[Is this my limit?] A glimmer of sadness flashed across Yang Kai’s eyes. Although he still wanted to continue to climb upwards, willpower alone would not allow him to do so, making him feel quite helpless.

But soon, Yang Kai thought of something and frowned deeply, sinking into a state of contemplation.

After an incense stick worth of time, Yang Kai’s eyes flashed as a smile appeared on his face before he slowly and arduously raised his foot to tread another step upwards.

*Hong...*

The increase in Emperor Pressure Yang Kai experienced after lifting his foot nearly extinguished him in body and soul as it tightly wrapped around him.

At the same time though, a strange series of crackling noises rang out.

A strange force burst out from Yang Kai’s body, turning into innumerable invisible blades, cutting the Emperor Pressure apart which was pressing down on him!

Suddenly, Yang Kai felt significantly lighter, and his figure quickly ascended another step!

The crackling noises became even more numerous and the space around Yang Kai actually became distorted, as if it was constantly collapsing and repairing itself over and over again in an endless cycle.

Space Force!