Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1441, He’s Here

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The Dao of Space was an esoteric field that very few were able to cultivate and fewer still were able to flexibly use.

It was by utilizing his comprehension of the Dao of Space and his Space Force that Yang Kai was able to take this step past his original limit, and this was far from the end. With his Space Force fusing together with his Shi to resist the ambient Emperor Pressure, Yang Kai felt he could continue climbing higher!

After this successful attempt, Yang Kai had a burst of inspiration and a radical plan came to his mind.

Whether this plan would succeed or not though was something he would need to test now!

Considering all this, Yang Kai’s previous gloom was swept away and an unparalleled excitement replaced it. Constantly urging his Space Force to fuse together with his Shi, Yang Kai continued the ascension he had begun three days ago!

.....

Seven days later, a white light curtain wrapped around Yang Kai as he quickly flew upwards. The white light curtain was naturally the Emperor Jade’s protective halo, and with it, Yang Kai could not feel even the slightest bit of Emperor Pressure, allowing him to rapidly approach the Emperor Garden.

It had been ten days since the Emperor Garden opened, and Yang Kai had been condensing his Shi over this period, reaping incredible gains in the process!

Although this delayed Yang Kai by ten days and many treasures in the Emperor Garden had no doubt been claimed already as a result, Yang Kai didn’t have any regrets. Compared to those treasures, his current harvest made him far more satisfied.

His Shi had now reached a certain limit that could no longer be surmounted by using this Emperor Pressure, so Yang Kai decisively rushed towards the Emperor Garden at full speed!

Soon, he arrived at the Space Array closest to him, a strange disk-like platform. When looking at it from afar, Yang Kai had thought this was a physical object, but inspecting it close up, he discovered that it was actually just a projection formed of pure energy.

On the surface of this disk was a series of complicated glowing lines and symbols that made up the actual Space Array.

Looking up at the Emperor Garden for a moment, Yang Kai could not help but frown as it gave him a feeling of etherealness, like it was half-way between real and illusory.

It seemed to be a physical object floating high up in the sky, but also a projection all at once!

After observing the Emperor Garden for a short time, Yang Kai slowly shook his head, withdrew his gaze, and turned his attention back to the Space Array, a look of understanding soon appearing on his face.

With no reason to linger any longer, Yang Kai waved his hand, sending a few pieces of High-Rank Saint Crystals into the grooves of the Space Array. Immediately after, the Space Array lit up and Yang Kai stepped onto it, disappearing in a flash and leaving behind a now silent, empty sky.

At the same time, Yang Kai’s figure appeared atop an unknown grassland.

As soon as he appeared, Yang Kai immediately summoned his Purple Shield and turned it into a purple light halo around him while releasing his Divine Sense and readying his Shi.

He did not dare act carelessly here; after all, many others had entered this place ten days earlier than him. If he were to appear inside some group’s encirclement, a fight would ensue.

Fortunately, Yang Kai’s worries were superfluous as under his Divine Sense investigation he was unable to detect any life auras within ten kilometres, let alone anyone lying in ambush.

But in the next moment, Yang Kai’s expression filled with doubt as he swept his eyes around, dumbfounded by what he saw.

Was this really the Emperor Garden?

Right now Yang Kai was standing atop a grassland he could not see the end of, with a blue sky over his head and not a cloud in sight for ten thousand kilometres, bright sunlight streaming down from above providing a gentle summer warmth!

How could this be the Emperor Garden?

Others did not know what the interior of the Emperor Garden looked like, but Yang Kai couldn’t be clearer. The last time he went to rescue Qian Tong with Fei Zhi Tu and the others, he had entered the Emperor Garden once and seen its numerous lofts and magnificent palaces, so why was he now seeing an expansive grassland?

However, if someone were to tell him this was not the Emperor Garden, Yang Kai would not believe them; after all, it was essentially impossible for the Space Array he passed through to have sent him to the wrong place.

If that was the case though, what happened? Yang Kai was deeply confused.

At the same time, at a certain position inside this sealed space, a young woman wearing a fiery red dress knit her brow slightly and a look of surprise filled her face. This woman was incredibly beautiful, with an astonishing figure and mesmerizing looks.

Her physical looks however were far surpassed by her aura, one that exuded a kind of overwhelming allure that no Beguiling Technique could compare and as clearly a kind of innate trait.

Every smile, every frown, every move she made radiated ten thousand kinds of charm.

Simply standing there, she was like a brilliant flame that could draw in countless moths regardless of their will.

The glamorous Temple Master of Demon Blood Temple also had a bewitching kind of charm, but compared to this woman, hers was vastly inferior.

At this moment, this woman was surrounded by four Origin Returning Realm masters, one at the Third Order, two at the Second Order, and one at the First Order!

These four men had cornered this woman in an obvious attempt to stop her from escaping, each of them staring towards her with obvious greed and desire.

In all fairness, these four men were not naturally loose and lascivious. Aside from some who had particularly strong desires towards beauties, most masters who had reached the level of strength of these four took the pursuit of the Martial Dao and enhancing their cultivation as their first priority.

But this woman was just too special, and her enchanting style was simply irresistible to any man. The moment these four Origin Realm masters saw this woman’s face, whether they had strong obscene desires or not, they could not suppress their desire to obtain her for themselves.

It was almost as if as long as they could spend the night with this beauty, even death wouldn’t be too great a price.

The woman stood here all alone, and although her body radiated a powerful Third-Order Origin Returning Realm aura, the four men surrounding her showed no fear; after all, they outnumbered this woman and one of them had a cultivation equal to hers.

The beauty’s face flashed a look of confusion suddenly, as if she was trying hard to remember something, but even her slightly wrinkled brow had a unique charm to it, causing the four Origin Returning Realm masters gathered around her to feel their hearts pound wildly, their faces flushing as they unconsciously licked their parched lips.

A moment later though, the woman’s eyes brightened, as if she finally remembered something, a surprised and excited expression appearing on her face as she muttered to herself, “He’s here! He’s really here!”

Her voice was soft but incredibly enchanting, seemingly capable of captivating the minds of any who heard it.

A smile flashed across her charming face in the next instant that made all colour from the world fade away, leaving only her behind. The four Origin Realm masters completely lost their sense of reason when they saw this and immediately attacked.

Although the attacks of these four seemed quite ruthless, they held no trace of murderous intent. They were intent on capturing this beautiful woman then wantonly ravaging her, so how could they be willing to hurt her?

However, these four had dramatically underestimated the strength of this beautiful woman.

Facing this barrage of attacks coming at her from all directions, a trace of displeasure flashed across the eyes of this beautiful woman, as if annoyed that these four had interrupted her contemplation.

Even her angry expression was astonishingly alluring, causing the four men who had just attacked her to feel their hearts tighten and unconsciously reduce the amount of strength they were using, fearing they might inadvertently harm her.

The beautiful woman on the other hand did not intend to show any mercy, twirling her tender body on the spot while releasing a pink mist to surround herself.

*Hong Hong Hong...*

All the attacks directed towards her hit this pink mist barrier but only managed to cause a few ripples in it, completely failing to break through.

The mist dispersed in the next moment, revealing the beautiful woman’s angry face. Flicking her wrist, she next summoned a delicate looking fan into her hand, one that radiated a potent aura. Clearly this fan was a high-grade artifact and its surface was adorned by many lifelike pictures.

There were both men and women, all of whom were naked, posing in various lewd positions, seemingly engaging in sensual revelry.

The images on this fan were filled with eroticism!

An ordinary woman would never use such a shameful artifact, but the beautiful woman didn’t seem to pay it any mind, her jade white hand holding onto the small fan tightly as she gnashed her teeth and softly shouted, “You court death!”

As soon as her voice fell, she waved her fan gently.

The erotic pictures embroidered onto the fan suddenly seemed to come to life, as the numerous naked figures rushed outwards and swiftly dove into the four men’s bodies.

The faces of these four masters changed drastically, but by then it was too late for them to put up any kind of resistance.

A single mistake had doomed them. They had underestimated this beautiful woman’s strength and had held back in their attack just now, opening them up to a counterattack which they were not prepared to defend against.

The scene before these men’s eyes immediately changed, the four of them seemingly falling into a decadent palace filled with sinful laughter, sensual music, exotic delicacies, and countless young women dressed in revealing outfits singing and dancing, all of whom were constantly throwing flirtatious and tempting glances towards the four men, as if they lived only to please them!

The four masters instantly fell into a daze, standing there dumbly as intoxicated smiles filled their faces, immersing in the amorous scene before them, unable to extricate themselves.

The beautiful woman swept her eyes over these four in disgust, but instead of ending their lives, she simply donned a veil over her face, looked towards a certain direction, and quickly flew off.

Although the feeling was quite vague, she knew that the person she had always been searching for had really come to this place!

It had been too long since they had last met, almost twenty or thirty years, so wanting to rely on her original Secret Technique to find him was obviously not possible. She could only rely on the vague sensation and her own instincts while praying she could find the other party before the Emperor Garden closed.

Otherwise, if she missed this opportunity, she may never get another chance to fulfil her wish again.

An incense stick worth of time after the beautiful woman flew off, the four dazed men fell limply to the ground, blood flowing out of their seven orifices, their bodies convulsing violently as their vitality rapidly faded away, dying a miserable death.

Just one move had killed four Origin Returning Realm masters, clearly illustrating just how terrifying the beautiful woman’s strength was.

.....

“Is this really the Emperor Garden?” Yang Kai murmured blankly as he stared out across the grassland.

It had already been about a cup of tea worth of time since he came here, but Yang Kai still could not draw any conclusions.

However, the World Energy was indeed extremely rich here, far richer than on Shadowed Star. Even High Heaven Sect’s and the floating continent’s World Energy auras were dwarfed by this place. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

From this point alone, it was clear this was the Emperor Garden.

But Yang Kai remembered that in the Emperor Garden, he was unable to extend his Divine Sense very far from his body at all, much less probe the situation in the surrounding ten-kilometre radius, so inferring from this point, it seemed this place was not the Emperor Garden.