Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1442, Seven Coloured Elk?

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In any case, Yang Kai’s best bet right now was to find someone he could ask about the situation, at the very least, it was necessary for him to gather some intelligence about what had happened. Everyone else had entered ten days earlier than him, so they may know something he didn’t. Taking out two communication artifacts from his Space Ring, Yang Kai poured his Divine Sense into them.

One of these communication artifacts was connected to Yang Yan, while the other was connected to Qian Tong, both were things Yang Kai had acquired in the past and now came in handy.

As long as they weren’t too far apart from each other, Yang Kai would easily be able to contact them.

A while later though, Yang Kai put away these communication artifacts in disappointment. Neither Yang Yan nor Qian Tong had responded. Even if they were inside this space, they were clearly too far away from him to make contact.

It seemed that he would have to rely on himself.

Turning his head to look around, Yang Kai casually picked a direction and flew off.

Even without using a Star Shuttle, Yang Kai’s speed was extremely fast, but as he flew along he did not encounter any living people.

However, Yang Kai did come across many corpses as well as traces of fighting. Some of these corpses belonged to Monster Beasts while others belonged to humans. It seemed a number of battles had taken place on this grassland, and from the dryness of the blood, Yang Kai inferred that these battles occurred not long ago, likely just after the Emperor Garden opened.

There were also many traces of spirit grasses and spirit medicines being harvested, so it seemed that many people reaped great benefits here!

After half a day, Yang Kai suddenly came to a stop and turned to look in a certain direction.

A hundred kilometres away, faint sounds of battle could be heard and Yang Kai sensed a number of powerful energy fluctuations; obviously a heated fight was occurring.

Yang Kai didn’t hesitate, immediately changing direction and flying over. Now that he had broken through to the Origin Realm and had condensed his Shi to a certain level, even if he were to face a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master, he would still have the ability to fight. He could act boldly because he had faith in his skill.

Yang Kai crossed the hundred kilometres distance in just half a cup of tea’s time, and when he arrived and saw the actual situation, he couldn’t help raising his brow and muttering to himself, “Seven Coloured Elk?”

Yang Kai’s eyes bulged, never having expected to see the famous Seven Coloured Elk here.

He knew about this Monster Beast because of the Ten Thousand Year Incense he had obtained in the sixth layer of the Flowing Flame Sand Field. The primary ingredient for refining Ten Thousand Year Incense was the heart of this Seven Coloured Elk!

Needless to say, the benefits of the Ten Thousand Year Incense were immense to any cultivator as its fragrance could calm one’s mind and help dispel heart demons. The materials required to refine Ten Thousand Year Incense, however, were extremely difficult to find, each one belonging to Tenth-Order Monster Beasts. Among these ingredients though, the Seven Coloured Elk’s heart was the most difficult to obtain.

Because this Monster Beast was a rare ancient beast that was rumoured to have gone extinct long ago. So even if some great Sects possessed the refinement method for Ten Thousand Year Incense, the cleverest woman could not cook a meal without rice.

However, after just entering this strange place, Yang Kai had actually encountered a Seven Coloured Elk!

[No, it’s not an actual Seven Coloured Elk!] Yang Kai frowned deeply as he carefully observed the battlefield up ahead. At first glance, this Monster Beast truly looked like a Seven Coloured Elk, but if one observed closely, they could still see some differences.

It was rumoured that Seven Coloured Elks were born as Eighth-Order Monster Beasts, and when they grew to their peak, they could reach the Tenth-Order, but although this Monster Beast was no doubt a full-grown adult, it was clearly just at the peak of the Ninth-Order, not the Tenth-Order.

Moreover, the Seven Coloured Radiant Light it was emitting was not as powerful as it should be.

The Seven Coloured Radiant Light possessed by real Seven Coloured Elks was an innate Divine Ability that had the magical effect of ignoring all forms of defence. Even if an Origin King were to encounter such a beast, they would have to give way.

If one wanted to kill a real Seven Coloured Elk, they would need to join forces with several other Origin Kings.

There were a total of five people battling this Seven Coloured Elk, three men and two women, each of them Origin Realm masters with two of them even having reached the Third Order. These five were using their artifacts and Martial Skills to the fullest while coordinating with one another.

Even so, these five didn’t dare act carelessly and two of them already looked quite dishevelled. It was obvious that these people had suffered a loss at the hands of this Monster Beast.

Martial Skills and artifact attacks blasted towards this Monster Beast, but the other party simply stood still, its face revealing an almost human-like look of contempt as it continued releasing its Seven Coloured Radiant Light, preventing any harm from befalling it.

After this violent clash, the Monster Beast remained unharmed, and instead, the five attackers seemed to be faltering after consuming so much of their Saint Qi in this drawn-out battle.

Yang Kai didn’t conceal his approach which naturally startled this group of five. What they feared most in this place was orioles stalking mantises who were trying to catch cicadas.

But after using their Divine Senses to sweep Yang Kai and discovering he was just a First-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator, they all relaxed.

The weakest of their group of five was at this level, and there were multiple Second and Third-Order Origin Realm masters among them, so they naturally didn’t fear Yang Kai. After exchanging a silent glance amongst themselves, they had one middle-aged man divert a portion of his attention to monitor Yang Kai while the rest of them continued to lay siege to the Monster Beast.

Yang Kai was well aware of how this group of five reacted to him but didn’t pay it any mind. If it was him in their place, he would have done the same.

However, Yang Kai’s brows furrowed.

Because he found that he didn’t know anyone among these five people!

Although Yang Kai hadn’t had much contact with the other great forces on Shadowed Star, when the Emperor Garden opened, he had been condensing his Shi outside; in other words, everyone who entered the Emperor Garden had flown past him at some point.

But none of these five people had a familiar face.

What surprised Yang Kai the most though was the robes worn by these five people as they were quite different from those that were commonly worn on Shadowed Star, as if they weren’t from Shadowed Star in the first place.

This thought made Yang Kai even more confused.

However, he had only come here to find someone to inquire about the situation and didn’t have any intention to intervene or disturb their fight, so he simply prepared to wait until this group of five finished their battle before speaking to them.

The battle continued for half an hour before this group of five began showing the intention to retreat. The reason was simple, this Monster Beast, which was similar to a Seven Coloured Elk, was extremely difficult to kill. The Seven Coloured Radiant Light which it released from its body was so solid it couldn’t be broken by these five’s attacks.

Additionally, the occasional counterattacks from this Monster Beast were both sharp and powerful. By the time they decided to withdraw, all five of these cultivators had suffered injuries, the most serious of which was a black-haired old man whose abdomen had been punctured and was leaking blood. Although this injury wasn’t too serious, if he continued to remain here it would only cause his condition to deteriorate and weaken his combat effectiveness.

“Brother Min, how about we fall back temporarily and come up with a new plan?” Another old man with white hair asked with a frown.

All of them had seen that it would be impossible for them to kill this Monster Beast in short order, and with their location being a wide-open plain, there was a high risk a third party could swoop in and steal their prey.

After all, Yang Kai had found them here following the fallout from their battle.

The injured black-haired old man was not a hot-headed individual and quickly nodded, “Yeah, we’ll retreat for now!”

With the two strongest old men having said so, the remaining middle-aged man and the two women with slightly lower strength obviously wouldn’t raise any objections.

All five of them made a feint and quickly withdrew from the melee before turning towards a certain direction and flying off as quick as lightning.

Whether it was intentional or unintentional, the direction these five people fled was actually the direction Yang Kai stood.

It seemed they wanted to use him to tie down this Monster Beast for a moment.

Yang Kai frowned, immediately understanding this group’s plan, but although he was a bit displeased, he didn’t show anything on his face.

“Run away!” One of the five people, a young woman with an exquisite figure who appeared only seventeen or eighteen years old dressed in a black dress yelled out to Yang Kai as she passed by.

Among these five, her cultivation was the lowest, only First-Order Origin Returning Realm, like Yang Kai. However, the Secret Art she cultivated was obviously quite good as her strength wasn’t low, only her appearance remained quite youthful.

With the other party showing goodwill, Yang Kai smiled back and asked, “You don’t want this Monster Beast anymore?”

The woman’s brow wrinkled slightly, but she didn’t have time to answer before she and her group flew several thousand metres out and disappeared across the horizon.

This group of five wanted to escape, but clearly the Monster Beast was not about to just let them go, letting out a fierce cry before stomping its hooves and transforming into a seven-coloured stream of light to chase after them

Its speed was remarkable, almost to the point where it could not be tracked with the naked eye.

As it shot forward though, it sent out a burst of Seven Coloured Radiant Light from its body towards Yang Kai.

Facing such a Monster Beast, Yang Kai didn’t dare act carelessly. Stretching out his hand, he summoned his Purple Shield to intercept this blast of Seven Coloured Radiant Light.

No impact sound resounded, though! Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

To Yang Kai’s consternation, his Purple Shield failed to defend against this attack as the Seven Coloured Radiant Light actually passed through it directly and struck towards his chest.

Meanwhile, the Purple Shield remained unscathed.

[It really can ignore all forms of defence?] Yang Kai was shocked and even began doubting his eyes, wondering if this Monster Beast was a real Seven Coloured Elk.

But soon, he rejected this idea, because while the Seven Coloured Radiant Light did penetrate his Purple Shield, its power had been greatly reduced, not having the terrifying force it had been released with.

If it was a real Seven Coloured Elk, its Seven Coloured Radiant Light would definitely not have such a reaction!

As such, Yang Kai figured that, even if this Monster Beast wasn’t a true Seven Coloured Elk, it was most likely descended from one and possessed a kind of mutated bloodline.

He had picked up a treasure! Yang Kai didn’t panic and instead rejoiced, his body flickering to avoid the burst of Seven Coloured Radiant Light while at the same time, he waved his hand and sent out a giant Space Blade towards the charging Monster Beast.

The other party didn’t seem to put Yang Kai in its eyes, thinking that one blow would be enough to kill him thus not putting up any kind of protection. It wasn’t until Yang Kai’s Space Blade got close that it finally reacted.

However, by this point, it was too late for it to dodge. The jet black Space Blade sliced down onto the Monster Beast and cut a small notch into the seven-coloured light halo around its body!

The defence which the previous group of five were completely incapable of penetrating had actually been cut into by Yang Kai!

But this wasn’t surprising since Space Blade was one of Yang Kai’s strongest skills, capable of exiling anything it touched to the Void.