Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1460, Who Is The Hunter

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

When Yang Kai entered the Emperor Garden last time, he had encountered this little thing and knew that it could transform its body into any form it wanted, so even though it currently looked like a pure, exquisite little rabbit, it was very fierce.

Although the two Third-Order Origin Returning Realm women had very high strength, and fighting in this special environment allowed them to display their power to an extraordinary extent, the white rabbit-shaped World Spirit could also take advantage of this environment.

Moreover, the advantage it gained here was obviously greater than the one these two women could obtain!

This was not a surprise though as the World Spirit was itself pure condensed Ice Attribute Energy from this place that after innumerable years of accumulation had obtained sentience. This ice road was akin to its birthplace and home.

So even though the two women joined forces, they were still helpless to defeat this World Spirit and instead were being steadily suppressed at every turn.

“What a coincidence,” Yang Kai grinned lightly as he observed the two women and murmured.

“You know them?” Bi Luo asked curiously.

“I don’t, but I know where they come from,” Yang Kai replied casually, only deepening Bi Luo’s confusion.

Yang Kai truly hadn’t met these two women before, but judging from the symbols embroidered on their robes, he could tell they were masters from Scarlet Wave Star’s Ice Heart Valley. Yang Kai had worked together with several women from Ice Heart Valley only a few days ago, so how could he not recognise these women’s origins?

It seemed that Ice Heart Valley’s cultivators had divided into two groups, one to explore outside of the Emperor Garden’s main palace while the other entered it. A wise decision that didn’t place all their assets on a single bet.

Ice Heart Valley’s cultivators all cultivated Ice Attribute Secret Arts and Secret Techniques, so their interest in this World Spirit was understandable. Yang Kai estimated that even though they knew it would be risky, they had decided to capture this white rabbit, but now they were riding a tiger and were unable to get off, only able to grit their teeth and persist.

Yang Kai’s current situation was akin to sitting on a mountain top, watching the tigers fight. The strength of these two women from Ice Heart Valley wasn’t low, so even if they were inferior to this World Spirit, they could still cause some trouble for it. Yang Kai simply had to wait for an opportunity to take action and capture the World Spirit in one fell swoop; either that or let the Ice Phoenix Remnant Soul directly devour it.

As for whether these two women lived or died, it did not matter to Yang Kai as he shared no friendship with them. Yang Kai was not in the habit of saving strangers from danger for no reason.

Making up his mind, Yang Kai signalled to Bi Luo to wait patiently.

Bi Luo understood what he was planning and gently nodded. Although she appeared calm on the surface, in the depths of her heart she was feeling extremely tense. This could not be helped though as stealing meat from a tiger’s mouth was quite exciting. She had not expected Yang Kai’s courage to be so great; daring to plot against two Third-Order Origin Returning Realm masters in secret!

[But, since he was the man her Mistress had taken a liking to, if he did not even have this much courage, he was not worthy of her.] With such a thought in mind, Bi Luo began anticipating what would happen next.

The fighting continued as Yang Kai and Bi Luo hid behind the ice pillar carefully so as not to reveal their presence. Fortunately, the two women from Ice Heart Valley were completely focused on the World Spirit so they did not have time to watch their surroundings?

As time passed, the battle grew fiercer and fiercer, with the two women from Ice Heart Valley essentially risking their lives in an attempt to break free. By this time, they were deeply regretting rushing in and provoking this World Spirit in its domain. At this rate, not only would they fail to obtain it, they were in real danger of falling here.

Unfortunately, regrets were not of any help to them. In the face of the unceasing attacks caused by the White Rabbit manipulating the Ice Attribute Energy in the surroundings, the two women were rendered only able to passively defend themselves.

As the situation grew worse, the two women both began showing signs of anxiety as their pretty faces paled.

Yang Kai watched all this with indifferent eyes from nearby, still waiting for an opportunity to act. But suddenly, his brow furrowed as if his instincts were warning him about something.

This feeling... was as if someone was staring at him.

Thinking so, Yang Kai quickly calmed down, frowned, and took another look around; however, his eyes failed to discover anything suspicious. What was worse was that Yang Kai couldn’t release his Divine Sense too far from his body, rendering it useless in this situation.

However, he did not believe his instincts were mistaken, perhaps... there was someone else hiding nearby.

Considering all this, Yang Kai lowered his head slightly and a golden light suddenly flashed from his left eye as he activated his Demon Eye of Annihilation.

This time, Yang Kai finally found something.

Behind another ice pillar less than three hundred metres away, there were two figures next to each other. Yang Kai didn’t know what kind of profound treasure this pair had used, but it was capable of completely concealing their figures and auras. Even Yang Kai’s Demon Eye of Annihilation was unable to reveal their true appearances, only their figures.

However, from their physiques, Yang Kai judged that these two should be a man and a woman, with the man having only one arm.

[Jin Shi and Demon Blood Temple’s Temple Master?]

A face immediately crossed Yang Kai’s mind, causing his expression to sink. Although it was only his guess, it should be right; after all, a male and female pair with the man only having a single arm really pointed to them being the pair from Demon Blood Temple.

If it was them though, this was too much of a coincidence.

It was truly a case of enemies often meeting along narrow roads. Yang Kai cursed his misfortune thinking so; after all, there was nothing harmonious about his relationship with Demon Blood Temple. Before entering the Emperor Garden, Jin Shi even tried to kill him once, unfortunately for Jin Shi, he had greatly underestimated the power of the ambient Emperor Pressure and had wound up injuring himself instead.

Still able to recall the exact threatening words Jin Shi had spoken back then, Yang Kai knew that this man would not give up on killing him.

The other pair should have discovered him already and they were the ones his instincts warned him about a moment ago. Fortunately, Yang Kai had used his Demon Eye of Annihilation to quietly find them. Since Jin Shi and that beautiful Temple Master were unaware of his knowledge, it could be said that he now occupied an advantageous position.

As the praying mantis stalks the cicada while the oriel watches, who is the hunter in the end?

The current situation could only be described as delicate and complicated, causing Yang Kai to not dare rush out rashly otherwise he would likely fail to achieve his objectives.

Two tender shouts suddenly rang out from nearby. Although the cultivation of the two women from Ice Heart Valley was not weak, and their artifacts were very powerful, fighting against the World Spirit in this place was still not easy.

All of their artifacts had been damaged by the overwhelming Ice Attribute attacks of the World Spirit and even the Saint Qi these two were using to protect themselves was in danger of failing.

On the other hand, the white rabbit World Spirit had a look of satisfaction on its face, its crimson eyes filling with playful light. Jumping back and forth, it displayed extreme agility as it continued to condense the Ice Attribute Energy around itself into spear-like projectiles that it shot in waves towards the two women from Ice Heart Valley.

A constant sound of the air being sliced through rang out, causing the two women’s faces to change greatly. In an instant, they used some kind of mysterious Secret Technique to temporarily link their Saint Qi together and jointly defend themselves.

*Hong Hong Hong...*

The sound of a massive explosion filled the entire ice road as the surrounding World Energy whirled about chaotically, as if it was the end of the world.

Two screams rang out as two graceful figures flew backwards through the air, coughing up blood as they did, dying their white robes red, making them appear extremely miserable.

At that moment, the two women from Ice Heart Valley showed looks of despair. They had almost completely consumed their Saint Qi and had been severely injured by this World Spirit, so right now they lacked any power to fight back and could only close their eyes and wait for death.

Suddenly, two new figures emerged from behind a nearby ice pillar. Their appearance was completely unexpected, as if they had materialized out of thin air, instantly transforming into two blood-red streaks as they quickly shot towards the World Spirit.

Simultaneously, Yang Kai discovered that his guess had been correct, these two were none other than Demon Blood Temple’s beautiful Temple Master and Elder Jin Shi.

These two choosing to act at this moment was naturally not out of kind intentions to save the two women, but rather because the World Spirit would be most off guard, making it vulnerable to a sneak attack.

Although this Ice Attribute World Spirit was of no use to them, if they could acquire such a treasure, they could exchange it for many other treasures they desired.

As for Yang Kai and Bi Luo, Jin Shi and the beautiful Temple Master didn’t even put them in their eyes, planning to deal with the World Spirit first before looking for trouble with them after.

The timing these two picked to take action was perfect. Mid-air, Jin Shi’s cheeks swelled up before he released a cicada-like cry from his mouth, creating a terrifying wave of sound ripples visible to the naked eye.

This wave of ripples quickly spread out and wrapped around the World Spirit.

The World Spirit, which was just about to rush to finish off the two women from Ice Heart Valley, was caught off guard and wasn’t able to immediately respond.

Ordinary attacks were useless against this World Spirit as it was essentially intangible, but Jin Shi’s Secret Technique which took the form of a sound wave was an exception. Jin Shi’s Golden Cicada Extreme Demon Art, which was an ancient Secret Technique, had immense power and was mainly used to attack an opponent’s Soul.

Although the World Spirit had sentience, it was by no means on the same level as a human cultivator and what it was most vulnerable to attack like this. Jin Shi’s attack was the perfect counter and the effect it showed was significant.

The white rabbit World Spirit showed a clear look of extreme pain in the next instant and its entire body began to fluctuate, as if it was on the verge of breaking apart. Falling to the ground, it used its two front paws to cover its head as it flailed around in agony.

Demon Blood Temple’s beautiful Temple Master quickly followed up, waving her jade white hand and sending two blood-red silk threads flying towards the white rabbit.

Demon Blood Thread Secret Technique!

This Temple Master of Demon Blood Temple had managed to cultivate two Demon Blood Threads.

All of Demon Blood Temple’s senior figures cultivated the Demon Blood Thread Secret Technique, but their technique was very different from Yang Kai’s Golden Blood Thread, for which he used drops of pure Golden Blood to condense. As long as Yang Kai had enough Golden Blood, it didn’t matter how many Golden Blood Threads he condensed as doing so caused him no harm. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

But the Demon Blood Temple’s Demon Blood Thread Secret Technique was different. The Demon Blood Threads condensed by Demon Blood Temple’s senior figures were all condensed using their vitality and Blood Essence, which was the foundation of their physiques and something which could only be formed and enhanced through years of accumulation. As such, each Demon Blood Temple was extremely precious to its owner.

When cultivating the Demon Blood Thread Secret Technique, one would have to greatly damage their vitality, which meant that after succeeding, one would need to find a way to make up for the losses, otherwise they would leave behind immense hidden dangers.

A single cultivator could basically cultivate one Demon Blood Thread in their lifetime, and if they forcibly tried to cultivate a second one, it would produce a huge load on them, possibly even leading to their death.

The consequences of such actions were dire!