Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1461, Ice Phoenix Reappears

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

This Secret Technique of Demon Blood Thread could cut through the Shi of Origin Returning Realm masters and its attack strength was impressive. Such a powerful Secret Technique naturally came with limitations. The number of Demon Blood Threads one could condense was this Secret Technique’s biggest limitation!

However, this glamorous Temple Master of Demon Blood Temple managed to condense two Demon Blood Threads, and from the auras they released, their power was essentially identical. On top of that, the woman did not seem to lack in vitality at all; it was a mystery how she accomplished this feat.

From this alone, it was understandable that her occupying the Temple Master position was due to real skill.

The two Demon Blood Threads distorted greatly the moment she sent them out, soon transforming into a large blood-red mist before condensing back into two blood-red snakes.

Yang Kai’s eyes lit up when he saw this, showing a look of excitement.

His Golden Blood Threads were incapable of such transformations which only reaffirmed his belief that this Demon Blood Thread Secret Technique still had great untapped potential.

Yang Kai had been able to cultivate his Golden Blood Thread technique completely because, after emerging from the Flowing Flame Sand Field, he had helped a Demon Blood Temple disciple named Deng Ning and received the first half of the Demon Blood Thread Secret Technique from him. Although it was only the first half, it still allowed Yang Kai to cultivate it to a point.

Yang Kai had long ago guessed that the second half of this Secret Technique’s manual described how to flexibly manipulate Demon Blood Threads.

Now it seemed his guess was correct! Unfortunately, the Demon Blood Thread Secret Technique was one of Demon Blood Temple’s core inheritance techniques, so an outsider like Yang Kai couldn’t obtain its second half.

Seeing the myriad changes, the Demon Blood Thread could achieve at this moment made Yang Kai quite delighted.

Since he began cultivating his Golden Blood Thread technique, it had provided Yang Kai with great assistance and played a vital role in many battles he had fought. If he could obtain the second half of this Secret Technique’s manual, the power it would be able to display would undoubtedly grow even further.

All sorts of thoughts flashed across Yang Kai’s mind as the two blood-red snakes rushed over to the writhing white rabbit, flashing their fangs as one bit into its head while the other bit into its tail, firmly grasping it.

From these fangs, blood-red energy poured into the body of the white rabbit, seemingly wanting to corrupt its Spiritual Energy.

Having suffered a sneak attack, the World Spirit was taken by surprise, and after it recovered from Jin Shi’s attack, it suddenly found itself being restrained and became enraged, but regardless of how it struggled, it was unable to break free of the entanglement of the two blood-red snakes.

Instead, as time passed, the two blood snakes poured more blood-red energy into the white rabbit’s body, dulling its consciousness.

The World Spirit also realized the situation was rapidly deteriorating and no longer dared to remain. Ceasing its struggles, the white rabbit’s body trembled for a moment before bursting into an icy aura and immediately tried to flee.

Tender laughter rang out at that moment, one that seemed capable of bewitching one’s soul. Everyone present could not help their blood from boiling slightly as their states of mind became unstable.

Demon Blood Temple’s beautiful Temple Master stood mid-air and simply pointed her finger lightly. In response, and without any kind of visible force, the two blood snakes transformed once more, reverting to their Demon Blood Thread form before twisting together and then splitting into multiple small blood-red silk threads.

These blood-red threads wove together to form a giant net that shot out at an incredible speed towards the World Spirit.

This time, the World Spirit was completely unable to dodge and was swiftly enveloped by the blood-red net.

“Seal!” The glamorous Temple Master lightly shouted, causing the blood-red net to rapidly shrink, trapping the World Spirit inside. No matter what the World Spirit tried now, it was unable to escape.

In an instant, it became the beautiful woman’s possession.

The beautiful woman smiled enchantingly as a slightly smug look appeared on her face. Curling her outstretched finger, the blood net flew back to her along with its prize.

At that moment though, a sudden change occurred as a sharp phoenix cry rang out. Immediately, a terrifying pressure filled the air, and whether it was the two women from Ice Heart Valley who were lying on the ground, or Jin Shi and the beautiful woman, they all turned pale and glanced behind themselves.

Behind an ice pillar in the direction these four turned, a several-dozen-metre tall flawless white bird appeared, seemingly carved out of ice jade. This bird had no physical body and seemed to simply be an illusory phantom; but even so, its eyes contained a majesty that seemed to overlook and disdain the entire world.

Anyone who was gazed upon by these eyes could not help unconsciously feeling as small and insignificant as an ant.

“Ice Phoenix!” The eyes of the two women from Ice Heart Valley nearly popped out of their sockets as they both shouted out the name of this giant bird with near fanaticism.

This was not surprising though as Ice Heart Valley cultivated Ice Attribute Secret Arts and the Ice Phoenix was the pinnacle Ancient Divine Spirit regarding the Ice Attribute in this world. The Ice Phoenix was a divine symbol which all disciples of Ice Heart Valley worshipped.

However, no Ice Heart Valley disciple had ever witnessed a true Ice Phoenix and had at best-seen illustrations of them drawn in ancient records of their Sect. As such, although the Ice Phoenix before these two now might not be a true Ancient Divine Spirit, it was a being worthy of their utmost respect and adoration.

In just a short moment, these two women had experienced intense highs and dramatic lows. First, they thought they would be killed by the World Spirit’s vicious attack, then a pair of strangers had appeared at the last moment and used powerful Secret Techniques to subdue the Ice Attribute World Spirit, but before these newcomers could recover their prize, an Ice Phoenix Remnant Soul had manifested before them.

The feelings of the two women at this moment were extremely complicated. Never had they imagined that there were so many outsiders spying on them while they were fighting against this World Spirit.

Although their hearts were pounding with anxiety, they were also secretly rejoicing as, for the moment, they had managed to survive.

When their beautiful eyes stared at the Ice Phoenix however, a marvellous glow spread across their cheeks.

As the Ice Phoenix’s cry rang out, it suddenly vanished from the place it was hovering, leaving behind an afterimage with its incredible speed. The moment it reappeared, the Ice Phoenix had already arrived in front of the beautiful Temple Master from Demon Blood Temple, opened its beak, pecked towards the blood-red net which was currently suppressing the Ice Attribute World Spirit.

It was as if it was just pecking a trivial bug while displaying an elegant yet carefree posture.

The beautiful woman was stunned for a moment; after all, an Ice Phoenix was not something one could normally encounter throughout their entire lifetime, but soon she recovered and cried out in anger, “You court death!”

Regardless of whether this thing was a true Ice Phoenix or not, since it had ideas about her prey, this beautiful woman was naturally not going to tolerate it. Letting out this shout, the woman waved her hand and summoned a bracelet-like artifact which flew towards the Ice Phoenix Remnant Soul.

As soon as the bracelet shot out, it suddenly split into two copies of itself, then into four. In the blink of an eye, the Ice Phoenix Remnant Soul was surrounded by an overwhelming number of these bracelets.

The Ice Phoenix actually turned a blind eye to this attack; although it was just a Remnant Soul, it could not be eliminated so easily.

Just as the swarm of bracelets swooped in to attack, the Ice Phoenix swallowed the blood net into its belly while spreading its wings wide and drawing in the rich Ice Attribute Energy in the surrounding air, transforming it into an incredible number of ice blades that swirled around its form. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

*Ding ding dang dang...*

A continuous clinking sound rang out as bracelets broke apart and ice blades collapsed. After the bracelet returned to the beautiful woman’s wrist, the Ice Phoenix remained unharmed while her pretty face went pale.

This could not be helped though as the Ice Phoenix had not only swallowed the World Spirit into its belly but even her Demon Blood Thread as well.

Even now, the Temple Master felt the connection between her and her Demon Blood Threads growing weaker. If she allowed this to continue, she might lose her Demon Blood Threads altogether.

“You dare swallow my possessions? Let us see if you can digest it!” The beautiful woman shouted angrily before forming a series of signs with her hands, seemingly urging her Demon Blood Thread to launch an attack from inside the body of the Ice Phoenix.

Although they had only exchanged a single blow, this beautiful woman’s vision was quite sharp, so she was naturally able to see that this Ice Phoenix was only outwardly impressive but lacking in true power. It was not a true Ancient Divine Spirit otherwise how could she dare to remain here? She would have already run as far away as possible if this was not the case.

A true Ancient Divine Spirit was an opponent that even an Origin King Realm master could not face.

As the Temple Master urged her Demon Blood Threads, the Ice Phoenix let out a pained cry and its pure white body began leaking a faint red light, obviously suffering greatly inside.

Seeing this, Yang Kai could not remain hidden anymore. When the Ice Phoenix rushed out, he was already preparing to act, so when he saw it cry out in pain, he naturally brought Bi Luo and charged forward.

“Sure enough, this is your doing, boy!” Jin Shi flew over, taking the initiative to meet Yang Kai head-on, directly blocking his way, glaring at him with clear anger and cruel, malicious intent.

Yang Kai halted in place as he glared towards Jin Shi coldly before glancing over at the Ice Phoenix again.

Yang Kai had no way to direct the Ice Phoenix to do anything. The Ice Phoenix Remnant Soul was simply using his body as a temporary vessel. If he could at least communicate with this Ice Phoenix, Yang Kai would not be so anxious, worrying about whether it would have an accident here.

Fortunately, although the Ice Phoenix was ​​just a Remnant Soul, it also understood when to compromise.

After a sharp cry, it opened its mouth and spat out a violent blood-red ball of light. As soon as this blood-red light appeared, it immediately separated into two Demon Blood Threads and raced back to the beautiful woman’s hand.

In the end, this was a Secret Technique that she had spent innumerable years cultivating, so it was naturally not easy to digest.

After spitting out the Demon Blood Threads, Ice Phoenix let out a long cry before transforming into a ray of white light that directly flew into Yang Kai’s body and disappeared.

Having devoured the World Spirit, it was quite satisfied, eager to refine it and strengthen itself as soon as possible. As for the battle which was about to take place, it did not care.

The moment the Ice Phoenix entered his body, Yang Kai couldn’t help shivering slightly as he felt a chill pulse through his body; fortunately, this chill didn’t have any noticeable effect on this condition otherwise he might have had to turn around and flee at that moment.

Although shocking, this series of accidents happened so quickly almost no one present had time to react.

Lying in a pool of their own blood, the two Ice Heart Valley women could not help showing looks of interest when they saw the Ice Phoenix fly into Yang Kai’s body of its own accord. They did not know what kind of opportunity this man had in the past which allowed him to obtain this thing.

On the other hand, if they could acquire that Ice Phoenix from him...

Meanwhile, Demon Blood Temple’s glamorous Temple Master was completely indignant as she ground her teeth and glared furiously at Yang Kai.