Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1464, You Can Die

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

From all directions, the innumerable Void Crack approached, horrifying Jin Shi, him begging for mercy was an inevitable outcome.

Ordinarily, he wouldn’t be afraid of these unstable Void Cracks and would only need to apply some strength to collapse them and escape, but currently, he was extremely weak after using his Golden Cicada Molting. Right now, Jin Shi could at most use thirty percent of his strength. So, he was strong in will but weak in strength. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

[Why would I listen to your nonsense?] Yang Kai always adhered to the principle of beating the snake to death to avoid future calamity, so Jin Shi was truly out of luck today.

The dense Void Cracks soon engulfed Jin Shi and a horrible howling scream rang out. Jin Shi managed to condense his remaining Saint Qi to protect his body, but this did little to improve his situation. The Saint Qi Jin Shi released to protect himself was banished to The Void the instant it contacted the Void Cracks, swiftly followed by his skin, then his flesh, his bones...

Soon after, Demon Blood Temple’s Great Elder had been sliced into tiny pieces of meat with at least half of his corpse disappearing forever.

The two women from Ice Heart Valley stared dumbfounded at this scene.

They had thought that this fight would be one-sided with Yang Kai possibly even being killed instantly and had already made preparations for such a worst-case scenario.

How could they have anticipated that the seemingly ordinary Yang Kai would possess such extraordinary means?

The Verdant Bone Sword that transformed into a giant dark-green dragon had instantly entangled the beautiful woman, making it impossible for her to worry about anything else, while Yang Kai’s Shi alone was enough to allow him to oppress the other enemy master to death.

Which Cultivation Star did this young man come from? Why had they never heard of him before? Possessing such strength and such a strange Shi, the other party should not be some unknown person. Instead, it was almost certain he was some rising star of a great force.

However, neither of them had ever heard of such a young man in the Star Field.

While they celebrated though, they also felt some uneasiness; after all, the two of them didn’t have the strength to fight back at this moment and they weren’t clear on what Yang Kai’s nature was. If Yang Kai won this battle and decided to kill them, it was likely they wouldn’t even be able to resist.

For a moment, the two women from Ice Heart Valley felt incredibly depressed. Being no better than a fish on a chopping block really was an unpleasant situation, but they also dared not act at will, worried they would draw Yang Kai’s attention to themselves.

On the other side, Demon Blood Temple’s beautiful Temple Master was also in a state of shock. She had witnessed Jin Shi’s tragic death and it had thrown her heart into a state of chaos for a time. She had never expected Yang Kai’s combat power to be so astonishing. Even the Great Elder from her Sect was unable to last long in front of him. Didn’t this boy just recently break through to the Origin Returning Realm? How did he have such powerful Shi?

Could it be that Jin Shi’s information was wrong and this boy had been playing the pig to eat a tiger?

Thinking so, the beautiful Demon Blood Temple Master began cursing the recently deceased Jin Shi while secretly regretting that she had provoked such a monster. At this moment, it was taking all her strength just to deal with the giant dark-green dragon, so she had no extra energy to deal with Yang Kai.

The giant dark-green dragon was a product of a bone fragment from a true Ancient Divine Spirit and also incorporated a remnant wisp of a true Dragon Soul and Dragon Bead which gave it a certain level of self-awareness and sentience. So, although it couldn’t be compared to the wisdom of the Firebird Artifact Spirit, not able to understand strategy or tactics, its power was unquestionable.

Coupled with the guidance provided by Yang Kai Divine Sense, it was fully capable of fighting the Demon Blood Temple Master one-on-one.

The beautiful Demon Blood Temple Master was constantly complaining in her heart. Her prided Beguiling Techniques had absolutely no use against this giant dark-green dragon and her bracelet-like artifact had suffered severe damage from the dragon’s green mist. The green mist was extremely toxic and corrosive, so although the grade of this bracelet artifact wasn’t low, it was unable to resist constant exposure.

This woman didn’t even dare to release her Demon Blood Threads, lest they be corroded by the dark-green dragon as well. At the same time, she had used a portion of her Saint Qi and Spiritual energy to resist the terrible chill in this place, making her already bad situation worse.

The moment Jin Shi died, she immediately had thoughts of retreat.

But Yang Kai wasn’t about to give her a chance to withdraw. Carrying Bi Luo’s limp figure, he flew over while controlling his Dragon Bone Sword with his mind to tie this beautiful Temple Master down so he could submerge her in his Shi.

Demon Blood Temple’s glamorous Temple Master’s face flashed a look of horror as she barely managed to dodge a just of poisonous mist before squeezing out a forced smile and calling out, “Little Brother, there’s no need to take things too far here is there? We’ve only just met, so why must you act so ruthless? If you can leave a way out for this Lady, she will surely repay you the next time we meet.”

Aware of how dire her situation was, she immediately changed how she spoke, no longer referring to herself as ‘this Queen’ in front of Yang Kai, but instead acting humble and subservient.

“There’s no need for me to leave you a way out,” Yang Kai sneered, “Because we won’t see each other again.”

Demon Blood Temple’s Temple Master’s complexion sank as her eyes filled with hatred and panic but she continued to force herself to wear a lovely smile, “Don’t say that, Little Brother. If you can let this lady off, she is willing to become your slave, obeying your every command and ensuring your every desire is fulfilled, yes? Regardless of anything else, I am a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator, I will be very useful to you.”

As she spoke these words, her eyes flashed a coquettish light and she pouted her luscious lips attractively.

“Slut!” Bi Luo ground her teeth and cursed, a look of disdain flashing across her face.

“Sorry, I have no interest in you,” Yang Kai shook his head and declared with a straight face, “You can die!”

As he spoke, the space around Demon Blood Temple’s beautiful Temple Master filled with countless Void Cracks that swarmed towards her according to Yang Kai’s will.

“If you want to kill me, don’t think you’ll feel any better!” The look on this woman’s face changed dramatically, the seductive and sincere look she just had being replaced with a hysterical frenzy as she sent out her two Demon Blood Threads and immediately formed a seal with her hands while shouting, “Explode!”

An astonishing energy fluctuation suddenly radiated from the two Demon Blood Threads and a blinding red light began overflowing from them, like the most beautiful of flowers about to display its final blossoming.

However, beneath this beauty lay an endless murderous intent.

Yang Kai’s complexion changed dramatically and without any hesitation, he summoned his Purple Shield and used its sandstorm ability to protect himself and Bi Luo.

*Hong Hong...*

Two loud explosions rang out, deafening everyone in the vicinity for a moment while causing the entire ice road to tremble violently.

The aftermath of this violent pair of explosions destroyed Yang Kai’s Shi in an instant and even sent the giant dark-green dragon, which had been tying down the beautiful Temple Master flying.

Demon Blood Temple’s beautiful Temple Master’s two Demon Blood Threads had been cultivated and refined by her for many years, absorbing an unimaginable amount of vital essence, so the power of their detonation was naturally enormous.

Everything within a thousand metres was essentially destroyed.

At the same time, Demon Blood Temple’s beautiful Temple Master had disappeared; she had used the chaotic fallout from this explosion to escape.

A golden light flashed across Yang Kai’s left eye as he scanned the surrounding ice fog, quickly catching sight of the fleeing woman’s figure. Her speed was quite astonishing as in the brief moment she had managed to escape about a thousand metres and was still desperately fleeing towards the end of the ice road.

Seeing this, Yang Kai simply grinned and didn’t bother to chase after her, instead standing in place while taking pleasure in her misfortune, waiting quietly as if a good show was about to start.

Realizing that she wasn’t being pursued, the beautiful Temple Master was overjoyed. She thought that Yang Kai had been injured in the explosion just now and was unable to chase her and secretly rejoiced that she had acted decisively enough. Otherwise, it really would have been difficult for her to escape.

Just as she thought this though, she spotted a grey figure suddenly appeared in her field of vision. This figure wasn’t very big, only about a metre tall, and it had a strange appearance, like a stone sculpture.

However, what made her suspicious was that this stone sculpture was too lifelike. Its eyes showed a clear look of intelligence and it was carrying a strange black stick while standing motionless atop a small ice mound like a small stone carving.

[What is this?] Demon Blood Temple’s Temple Master stared at it suspiciously and wondered.

At that moment though, what she thought was a stone sculpture actually stood up from the ice mound and stared towards her while raising its black stick and seemingly swinging it down at her lightly.

This action undoubtedly looked hilarious, because the beautiful Temple Master was unable to feel any threat from it.

In the next instant, however, her face changed wildly.

The originally small black stick began extending and suddenly took on an unstoppable momentum, making the Temple Master feel like a mountain was pounding down towards her.

An unprecedented sense of crisis filled her heart, making it difficult for Demon Blood Temple’s Temple Master to even breathe.

It was as if in front of this stick, even Heaven and Earth could be crushed.

However, she was a master who had experienced many storms and fought countless battles throughout her life, giving her rich combat experience, so she was instantly able to understand that this stone man was something that boy had arranged here ahead of time.

She then recalled that Jin Shi had mentioned the appearance of a massive stone giant during the Battle of Dragon Cave Mountain!

[Could this be...]

Demon Blood Temple’s glamorous Temple Master didn’t dare to waste any time thinking about it and swiftly bit her tongue to spray out a cloud of blood mist. This blood mist morphed like it had a mind of its own and immediately formed a protective barrier around her. In the next instant, a blood-red Artifact Armour with seemingly high defensive strength appeared on her tender body.

She did not stop at this and quickly summoned a mirror-like artifact which transformed into an invisible barrier directly in front of herself.

It was only after she completed these movements that the black stick fell.

With a clatter, the invisible barrier was shattered like ordinary glass the instant it made contact with the black stick, reverting to its original form and losing all its radiance before falling to the ground, clearly having suffered catastrophic damage.

Demon Blood Temple’s beautiful Temple Master went completely pale, but before she could react, the black stick landed on her head.

The world suddenly went black, and Demon Blood Temple’s beautiful Temple Master’s thoughts completely ceased.

Even though she was a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master, after taking a direct hit from the Stone Puppet’s Heaven Shaking Pillar, there was no chance of her surviving.

Her whole head burst apart and what remained of her body flew out like a meteor from the terrifying force, smashing against the hard ice a few hundred metres away before exploding in a gorgeous blood flower.

Seeing this, Yang Kai curled his lips and showed a satisfied smile.

The Stone Puppet had naturally been released by him in advance. Although it was incredibly cold in this place, the Stone Puppet wasn’t affected at all. Yang Kai’s original intention was to let the Stone Puppet find a chance to launch a sneak attack, which would allow him to end the battle swiftly, but now it had played an unexpected role.

Regarding this, Yang Kai was naturally quite happy. If not for the Stone Puppet standing in the direction Demon Blood Temple’s Temple Master had chosen to flee, it would have taken Yang Kai a lot more effort to kill her.