Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1466, Pure Life Revitalizing Jade Cream

After a moment, Yang Kai took a deep breath and stepped into the maze, Bi Luo following without a word.

This kind of maze-like terrain often contained numerous barriers and Spirit Arrays, and now that the Emperor Garden had officially opened, the degree of internal danger had greatly increased, so Yang Kai didn’t dare act carelessly and continuously used his Demon Eye of Annihilation to check the surrounding environment to avoid accidentally triggering any kind of trap.

Two days later, Yang Kai brought Bi Luo out from the other side of the labyrinth, the two of them showing exhausted and somewhat anxious expressions.

Being able to navigate the maze successfully was largely thanks to Yang Kai’s memory and a little bit of good luck.

Unlike the Spirit Array traps which had filled the maze previously, Yang Kai and Bi Luo had encountered many ancient puppets this time. These ancient puppets all had different shapes and strengths, but none were weaker than ordinary Origin Returning Realm Masters, the strongest even rivalling peak Third-Order Origin Realm powerhouses and able to cause Yang Kai a lot of trouble.

Fortunately, Yang Kai was not an ordinary Origin Realm cultivator and managed to smash his way through with the help of his Dragon Bone Sword, Firebird Artifact Spirit and Stone Puppet.

The Stone Puppet, in particular, was able to suppress these ancient puppets.

After passing the labyrinth, two arched gates appeared in front of the pair, one black, one white, both looking very strange. The white gate seemed to be refined from the finest of white jade while the black one gave off a dark, ominous feel.

Beyond the two gates was a chaotic void, one that Divine Sense could not perceive anything from. The surfaces of these gates looked like the calm surface of a lake, completely impossible to read.

Bi Luo stared in shock for a moment before calling out in alarm, “A Space Array Gate!”

Yang Kai shot her a surprised look and nodded, “Yup. It’s good that you actually recognize this.”

“En, I’ve seen one before,” Bi Luo’s expression became dignified, “Which one should we enter?”

“I’ll tell you a bit later, we should restore ourselves first,” Yang Kai smiled lightly. When Yang Kai came here last time, he, Fei Zhi Tu and the others had a long debate over which of these two Space Array Gates to enter. It was a difficult problem, to say the least; after all, most people would be inclined to choose the white gate because black often meant danger and death.

However, facts showed that no matter which Space Array Gate was chosen, there was not any immediate danger, only the destination was different.

Fei Zhi Tu and several others had entered the white Space Array Gate that day and had followed a path that led them to a jade coffin where they accidentally triggered one of the Emperor Garden’s Spirit Arrays. Inside that jade coffin, however, there was the figure of a person lying quietly.

The Starry Sky Great Emperor!

Ten thousand years ago, the Great Emperor had fallen into a deep sleep, and this Emperor Garden was her resting place. Yang Kai had heard all this information from Yang Yan; after all, Yang Yan was the Great Emperor’s Soul Clone, so she had some understanding of these secrets.

Yang Kai, Cai He and Du Si Si, on the other hand, entered the black Space Array Gate together with the Origin Returning Realm old lady. It was from there that Yang Kai acquired the Heaven Shaking Pillar.

After half an hour, Yang Kai and Bi Luo finished restoring themselves and stepped towards the black Space Array Gate. Looking at the vague nothingness contained within this gate, Bi Luo could not help feeling nervous and frightened, stretching out her hand and grabbing hold of Yang Kai’s clothes.

Yang Kai could not have been calmer as he stepped through the black gate. An indescribable sense of falling while floating enveloped the pair before the sight in front of them blurred. When they recovered, they had arrived at a completely different place.

Looking around, Yang Kai smiled happily.

They had been transported to the same place he and the old woman had come to after being pulled into the black Space Array Gate that day.

“Come with me!” Yang Kai called out to Bi Luo before lightly strolling forward, seemingly searching for something.

Bi Luo was bewildered but did not ask anything.

This was a garden-like area that was filled with flowers, streams, small bridges, and decorative rockeries; a rather unique scenery. Yang Kai paid special attention to the rockeries, shaking his head after examining each one.

After searching for some time though, Yang Kai’s eyes suddenly lit up and he rushed towards the location of a certain rockery. There was a faint smell wafting from the direction he ran, one that made anyone who sniffed it feel relaxed and refreshed. Even the heavily injured Bi Luo seemed more energetic after inhaling some of this scent.

Soon, Yang Kai reached the rockery, looked down, and saw a familiar-looking shallow pool. Grinning, Yang Kai could not help muttering to himself, “Found it.”

Bi Luo was now quite curious. A quick glance was all she needed to see that this pool was almost completely dry, with only a few drops of milky white liquid settled at its bottom.

The pleasant fragrance from before, however, was coming from this milky white liquid.

“What is this?” Bi Luo asked curiously.

Yang Kai did not reply directly and instead reached down and dipped his finger into the milky white liquid before calling out to Bi Luo, “Open your mouth!”

Bi Luo opened her mouth subconsciously, just long enough for Yang Kai to poke his finger into it.

In the next instant, Bi Luo’s eyes went wide, and she couldn’t help using her little tongue to wrap around Yang Kai’s finger and lick off all of the strange liquid.

At a rate visible to the naked eye, Bi Luo’s complexion became rosier, and not due to shyness. At this moment, she felt the strength of her vital essence increased dramatically and the vitality which she had lost due to her injuries quickly being supplemented.

“Sit down, meditate, and start refining it, don’t waste any of it,” Yang Kai ordered her with a strange smile on his face.

“En,” Bi Luo nodded obediently as she looked for a spot to sit down, shooting Yang Kai a rather angry look before she walked off.

Both of them were obviously remembering the incident brought on by the impetuousness of their youth which transpired back in Fragrance City inside Shan Qing Luo’s palace.

Although it had been almost thirty years since then, that experience was so vivid and unique, how could they forget it? Especially Bi Luo’s delicate little mouth, her thin tender lips, and her pearl white teeth she revealed when she smiled. A lethal combination to those who saw it.

After Bi Luo sat down cross-legged and began refining the Life Revitalizing Jade Cream, Yang Kai excitedly turned his eyes back to the rockery.

When he came here that day, Yang Kai vaguely guessed that pure Life Revitalizing Jade Cream should be hidden somewhere inside this rockery and what he and the other obtained was just a diluted bi-product. Now, it seemed that his guess that day was indeed correct.

After all, between Yang Kai, the two Array Masters, and the old woman, they had completely cleaned out the shallow pool here, leaving nothing behind, but when he arrived here today, a few drops of Life Revitalizing Jade Cream appeared, which was enough to explain everything.

If Yang Kai alone wanted to find where the pure Life Revitalizing Jade Cream was hidden in this place, it may be a little difficult to do, but fortunately, he had come fully prepared.

With a thought, Yang Kai released the Stone Puppet from his Black Book Space, took out a container specially used to hold liquid, and handed it to him before pointing to the rockery.

The Stone Puppet immediately understood Yang Kai’s instructions and in the next instant it ran over to the rockery.

A strange scene happened next. When the Stone Puppet’s body touched the rockery, it seemed to become intangible and directly integrated into it, disappearing in an instant.

However, Yang Kai was still able to vaguely perceive the location of the Stone Puppet and could feel it burrowing deeper and deeper into the rockery, soon advancing more than a thousand metres away from him. Sensing this, Yang Kai simply stood in place, waiting in anticipation.

The Stone Puppet could even tunnel a hole through Coloured Glass Sect’s Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass Mountain, so it had no trouble with this rockery.

After the time it took a stick of incense to burn, the figure of the Stone Puppet suddenly emerged from the rockery and happily jumped in front of Yang Kai before opening its big mouth and spitting out the container.

Yang Kai stretched out his hand and took the container before sweeping it with his Divine Sense, a grin forming on his face a moment later.

There was a small amount of milky white liquid inside the container, about enough to fill a washbasin. Although it was a liquid, it was extremely thick, at least ten times more viscous than the Life Revitalizing Jade Cream Yang Kai had obtained from the shallow pool.

This was no doubt the purest Life Revitalizing Jade Cream, not some half-diluted existence. One of the Star Field’s Three Great Divine Waters!

Yang Kai’s mood was incredibly good at this moment.

He had not expected this trip to go so smoothly.

For this excursion to the Emperor Garden, Yang Kai had two goals: one was the World Spirit, while the other was this Life Revitalizing Jade Cream. Although obtaining the former took a little bit of effort, he had ultimately obtained it. As for the latter, Yang Kai was able to collect it without encountering any trouble.

This was mainly due to the innate abilities of the Stone Puppet. Without its help, Yang Kai estimated that it would have taken him quite some time to find and then retrieve the pure Life Revitalizing Jade Cream. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

But everything was good now. With so much pure Life Revitalizing Jade Cream, Yang Kai did not have to worry about having enough pure Golden Blood anymore, even replacing all of his blood with pure Golden Blood wouldn’t be impossible.

After celebrating for a while, Yang Kai carefully put away the container of Life Revitalizing Jade Cream.

Bi Luo opened her eyes at that moment and showed a joyful look on her face.

“How do you feel?” Yang Kai asked casually.

“A lot better, I should be able to fight somewhat now,” Bi Luo exhaled softly. She had been together with Yang Kai for a few days now but she was being protected by him the whole time, causing her to feel quite anxious. Although Yang Kai had displayed astonishing strength, this was still the Emperor Garden after all, where crisis lay at every turn; one more person’s strength was always welcome.

Although Bi Luo did not dare say she had fully recovered, at least she would no longer just be a burden.

“Where do we go now?” Bi Luo got up and asked.

“Follow me. There is something good over there,” Yang Kai grinned and said calmly.

The good thing he was referring to was naturally the Stone Monument in the place where Qian Tong had been trapped previously. The reason why Qian Tong had brought a young Artifact Refiner to this place to begin with was to allow that man to study the Stone Monument which contained an incredibly profound Artifact Refining technique.

After being ejected from the Emperor Garden that day, that Artifact Refiner had entered secluded retreat and not long ago, news spread out that he had become an Origin Grade Artifact Refiner, which in turn showed just how valuable the Stone Monument was.

Since he had arrived at this place, Yang Kai was certainly not willing to just ignore this treasure; if possible, he wanted to take away this Stone Monument.

Moreover, if Yang Kai was going to find Yang Yan, he needed to leave this place, so he had to pass by the Stone Monument anyway. Since it was on his way, it should not take him much time to collect it.