Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1480, True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Half an hour later, Yang Kai let out a helpless, somewhat defeated sigh.

Even with his knowledge and experience in Alchemy, he was unable to identify the pill he was holding and could only vaguely judge through its medicinal fragrance that it was used for cultivation.

Was this a type of pill that had been lost to history? Yang Kai frowned as he secretly guessed. If that was the case, it would be understandable that he didn’t recognize it; after all, the pills refined by Alchemists over ten thousand years ago were definitely different from those that were refined now.

Since Yang Kai did not recognize it, and he wasn’t in a hurry to take it, he simply stored away this Origin King Grade pill, planning to study it further when he had the chance.

In any case, he would not be using such a pill carelessly, so there was plenty of time for him to figure out what it was later.

Considering all this, Yang Kai took out another item and began studying it.

This time, it was the finger bone.

Regarding his trip to the Emperor Garden this time, the gains Yang Kai obtained from the hidden mountain valley alone were tremendous. There were thousands of herbs with medicinal ages exceeding ten thousand years, several dozen high-grade pills that had formed Pill Veins, an Origin King Grade Alchemy Furnace, and an Origin King Grade pill that formed Pill Clouds; each of these items was extremely valuable.

This finger bone was also something Yang Kai obtained from the hidden mountain valley and it was the only part of the valley owner’s remains that remained after his death.

Yang Kai had only meant to show his respect to the Alchemy Grandmaster whose Alchemy Furnace he was inheriting by burying his remains, but that simple act had accidentally led him to discover this piece of finger bone which, despite all the years of weathering, had not degraded in the slightest. It was truly a reward for a good deed.

Yang Kai did not know what kind of secrets were hidden in this finger bone, so he could only start by studying it.

Holding the finger bone, Yang Kai carefully observed it and discovered that, although it was over ten thousand years old, it still felt like warm, white jade that was pure and flawless, like it had been specially refined using some kind of profound Secret Technique while its original owner was alive.

Realizing this, Yang Kai immediately became excited.

He had never seen a cultivator treat a part of their body as an artifact before, but since they had done so, it must have been for an incredibly important reason. Perhaps this finger bone really did hide some great secret.

Condensing his Saint Qi, Yang Kai tried pouring his strength into the finger bone, but to his great disappointment, it did not accept his Saint Qi and showed no visible changes at all.

After a few failed attempts, Yang Kai figured that Saint Qi was not the answer to unlocking this finger bone’s secrets.

Since it did not respond to Saint Qi then, what about Divine Sense?

Thinking so, Yang Kai quickly mobilized his Spiritual Energy a vast, mist-like Divine Sense enveloped the finger bone and in the next moment.

Divine Sense Manifestation!

Only when a cultivator’s Spiritual Energy reached a certain standard would their normally invisible Divine Sense undergo this magical transformation and become an existence which was visible to the naked eye.

Yang Kai’s Soul had been nourished by the Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus for decades now, so even if he did not deliberately cultivate his Soul, his Knowledge Sea, Spiritual Energy, and Divine Sense was constantly being enhanced. As such, although his cultivation was still just First-Order Origin Returning Realm, the strength of Divine Sense was just about able to meet the standard to undergo manifestation!

This was something that even ordinary Origin King Realm masters could not do, and Yang Kai had every right to be proud of!

Moreover, he possessed a rare Conflagrated Knowledge Sea that gave his Spiritual Energy a burning hot attribute, resulting in his Divine Sense Manifestation possessing a fiery red colour.

This time, Yang Kai’s guess was right; the finger bone had not accepted his Saint Qi, but it had an immediate reaction to his Divine Sense.

When the fiery red Divine Sense wrapped it, a dazzling white light burst out from the finger bone. Immediately, an astonishing suction force was transmitted from the finger bone, wanting to pull Yang Kai’s Divine Sense, and his consciousness by extension, into itself.

Yang Kai remained calm, however. Although he did not know what to expect next, he did not sense any danger from this suction force and also felt like he could resist it and even take back his Divine Sense if he wanted to.

Realising this, Yang Kai did not put up a fight and simply allowed his Divine Sense to sink into the finger bone.

In an instant, Yang Kai seemed to have arrived in another world.

Under the investigation of his Divine Sense, Yang Kai discovered that other than a vast grey void, there were only an enormous number of mysterious glowing runes swimming around him like fish.

“This is...” Yang Kai looked around in astonishment.

He could feel an emission of some kind of Spiritual Energy from each and every one of these runes. They were produced by a kind of advanced form of Divine Sense Manifestation. This was proof that these runes were condensed from the Divine Sense of that unknown Alchemy Grandmaster.

Unexpectedly, that Grandmaster not only possessed extremely high attainments in the Alchemic Way, but also had a profound cultivation. Being able to condense such runes with their Divine Sense indicated that the Alchemy Grandmaster was at least a Third-Order Origin King before dying!

After sensing the arrival of Yang Kai’s Divine Sense, the mysterious runes seemed to come alive and rushed towards his Soul Avatar, instantly blending with his Divine Sense.

Yang Kai’s body shivered and his eyes went blank, but he did not try to stop the runes from mixing into his Divine Sense and instead began studying them to uncover whatever secrets they held.

At first, Yang Kai was completely confused by what he learned, but as time passed and more runes merged with his Divine Sense, he gradually began to comprehend the inheritance left behind in the finger bone.

After condensing and combining these runes, then deciphering them, what Yang Kai was left with was an Alchemic Record that had been passed down from ancient times!

The True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture!

Yang Kai had read many different Alchemic Records, such as the True Alchemic Way he had obtained in Medicine King’s Valley which had started him down the path of Alchemy.

But no Alchemic Record or manual he had ever seen could compare to this True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture. The knowledge of Alchemy techniques contained in the True Alchemic Way and the Spirit Arrays to be used in Alchemy were all like child’s play in front of this True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture.

This Alchemic Record was not created by the owner of the mountain valley, but rather was obtained by them from some ancient ruin. It was with this True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture that the owner of the hidden mountain valley managed to bring his Alchemy technique to a pinnacle and become the most famous Alchemy Grandmaster of their time.

Realizing that their time of death was approaching though, this Grandmaster was unable to bear the thought of this wondrous Alchemic Record being buried along with him, but also couldn’t stand the idea of some ignorant Junior obtaining it and ruining its reputation, so he used the last of his Spiritual energy to transform his finger bone and record everything about the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture in it.

He refined his finger bone into a semi-artifact with a Secret Technique so that it would not degrade with the passing of time.

This way, even after he died, the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture would be inherited in this special way.

If some ignorant treasure-seeking Junior found his remains, they would ignore it and thus miss out on the opportunity to obtain the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture.

Fortunately, Yang Kai had the idea of burying this Alchemy Grandmaster, resulting in him obtaining this finger bone and the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture contained within it.

After seeing the personal insights left behind by the Alchemy Grandmaster, Yang Kai felt quite surprised and thought that his luck was astounding, but soon he set aside these distracting thoughts and immersed himself in the vast ocean of Alchemy knowledge now flooding his mind. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Although the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture came from ancient times, long before the age the mountain valley owner lived through, what Yang Kai obtained was not its orthodox version as it also contained the unique comprehensions, teachings, and theories of the mountain valley owner, making it even more valuable than the original True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture.

It could be said that the mountain valley owner had integrated his life’s Alchemy experience into the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture.

Yang Kai quickly became fascinated by this Alchemic Record, finding many answers to the unsolvable problems he had encountered in Alchemy contained inside it.

Although Yang Kai had an exceptional aptitude in terms of the Alchemic Way, he had essentially been groping his way forward on his own from when he first set foot on this path until now, with very few people ever giving him any kind of formal instruction in this field. Back in Tong Xuan Realm, Yang Kai could occasionally ask for help from The Old Man of Heaven’s Keep, Li Rui, but since he entered the Star Field, he had only himself to rely upon.

What’s more, Yang Kai didn’t dare to expose his proficiency in Alchemy at will.

As such, with the improvement of his strength, he faintly realized that his Alchemy technique and understanding of Alchemy had reached a kind of bottleneck. This was not his limit by any means and as long as he continued to work hard, he would eventually be able to break through it.

However, to achieve this, it might’ve taken him ten years, twenty years, or possibly even longer.

Now, things were different. With the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture, Yang Kai had essentially obtained a master who could teach him about Alchemy anywhere, anytime.

In just a moment, Yang Kai felt his comprehension of Alchemy become slightly more profound.

Yang Kai became more and more obsessed with this True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture and soon became lost in it, unable to perceive the passage of time, constantly absorbing the Alchemic knowledge contained within it.

Only after half a month passed did Yang Kai let out a long sigh and retract his Divine Sense from the finger bone with a look of exhaustion.

Using his Divine Sense at such intensity for an entire half a month had thoroughly exhausted him.

However, Yang Kai’s eyes still shined brightly, revealing extreme excitement and brilliance.

Yang Kai was unable to fully comprehend the entirety of the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture in just half a month’s worth of effort; in fact, he had only been able to browse through its contents roughly. Even so, his gains had been so massive that it was difficult to comprehend. If he could one day thoroughly understand the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture, his Alchemy technique would surely reach an unprecedented height.

“Only after pills obtain a level of spirituality can they be called Spirit Pills?” Yang Kai murmured while stroking his chin, a thoughtful look upon his face.

There were many different ideas and methods contained inside the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture, all of which had given him numerous inspirations. The concept of pill spirituality alone resulted in a qualitative leap in his comprehension of Alchemy.

After pondering carefully for a while, Yang Kai slowly shook his head and set his musings aside.

Yang Kai was not in a hurry, and the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture could be studied carefully in the future; however, the Origin King Grade Spirit Pill which had formed Pill Clouds was now identified by Yang Kai.

The True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture not only contained all kinds of wondrous ideas, but also the life experience of the mountain valley owner and many pill recipes that had long been lost.

All of this knowledge was extremely precious, especially the lost recipes.

Through these pill recipes and descriptions, Yang Kai had vaguely understood what this Spirit Pill was and what its purpose was.

Yang Kai took out the Origin King Grade Spirit Pill again and placed it on the palm of his hand, observing it for a moment before a look of excitement filled his face.

If his analysis was correct, judging from the colour and scent of this Spirit Pill as well as the various medicinal energy traces inside of it, this Spirit Pill should be a Dragon Flame Purple Marrow Pill!