Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1490, Opening the Door

Yang Kai cultivation of the Dao of Space should be useful in this situation though. He just needed to find the right moment to tear space and he may be able to escape, as such, compared to the other four, Yang Kai was relatively calm.

However, there was also a significant risk to this option. Once the Void Crack he tore encountered too strong of an impact, it was very likely to become unstable or even collapse. Moving through an unstable Void Crack was dangerous even for Yang Kai.

This would be his last resort.

The five people were facing grave danger together, but they had no solution at all; they could only stand on the spot and wait to die. A kind of deep despair shrouded everyone’s heart, causing them to become panicked.

But a moment later, He Wei suddenly cried out in surprise, as if something had changed again.

Accompanied by his exclaiming, the whirlpool of energy in front of them which was composed of the intertwining five elements energy suddenly accelerated again, and the entrance to the cave mansion in the rock face became clear, as if it had stabilised and could be entered or exited at will.

The Five Elements Scattering Array seemed to be on the verge of breaking!

In this desperate situation, this discovery made everyone excited, but in the next moment, they all cried out in panic.

Along with the increased rotational speed of the energy vortex, an incredible suction force also appeared, draining out the remaining strength of the group of five as if a dam had burst, entirely beyond their control.

At a rate visible to the naked eye, everyone became unsteady, with one or two of them even turning as pale as paper. Even Yang Kai was not feeling very good at this moment because he felt the Saint Qi in his body rapidly depleting.

The amount which had already been drawn out was almost equivalent to the sum total of what a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator would possess.

Fortunately, Yang Kai had a vast reserve of Saint Qi, so he was not worried about his life; however, the story was different for Jiang Shan and the other four. The last remnants of Saint Qi in each of their bodies were rapidly drained away, and now their vitality was being stripped.

All four of them began to dry up as streams of red noticeably started leaking out of all their orifices only to be swiftly sucked into the swirling vortex in front of them.

Naturally, this red energy was their life force, the basis for their lives!

Their bodies shrivelled at a terrifying speed and their faces became as dry as tree bark, as if hundreds or thousands of years were passing in the blink of an eye. Even the hair of these four turned grey, then white.

Silently, in just ten breaths of time, the four Second-Order Origin Returning Realm masters had been doomed to death, their auras flickering out entirely.

At this moment, the Five Elements Scattering Array seemed to be just about saturated and turned into a mass of energy that struck towards the cave mansion entrance.

However, without the assistance of the other four, Yang Kai alone could not maintain the balance of the five elements.

Once this balance was broken entirely, all the energy contained within the Five Elements Scattering Array would surely explode.

That combined vitality of the four Second-Order Origin Returning Realms, as well as all their Saint Qi reserves, was something even Yang Kai couldn’t guarantee he would survive being hit by. Even if he did not die, he would inevitably suffer severe injuries.

Nevertheless, he would most likely die!

Was he going to fall short here? Unwillingness flashed in Yang Kai’s eyes. The five of them had joined forces to hunt for treasures, but now the other four had died in front of him. Although all of them had only just met and did not share any kind of friendship, for their endeavour to fail here when they were so close to success would make all of their deaths worthless.

Yang Kai did not feel any kind of sympathy for their encounter. Cultivators were all like this, living their lives accompanied by enormous risks, even inexplicably falling, but still, he was not willing to just give up here.

It was impossible to maintain the balance of the five elements on his own though.

Was his only option to tear space and try to run away?

As this thought flashed across his mind, Yang Kai prepared to condense his Space Force to tear space, but in the next instant, his eyes suddenly flashed as he thought of something. Immediately suppressing his Space Force, Yang Kai stuck out his hand and summoned five balls of different coloured light onto his palm.

Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi!

The Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art was a Body Tempering Secret Art with extremely high requirements for cultivation. Not only would a cultivator already need a physique far more intrepid than average, they would also need an incredibly powerful Divine Sense and supreme treasures from all five elements.

Yang Kai had spent a lot of time and effort to collect five supreme treasures of the appropriate elements and had only begun cultivating this Secret Art.

The Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi in his hand was the result of that cultivation, but because he had only been cultivating it for a short time, his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi wasn’t powerful enough to be used against powerful enemies yet.

However, it may be helpful to his current situation.

Sun’s True Essence, Profound Yin Sunflower Water, Thunder Wood, Profound Gold, Divine Nullification Sand, which one was not a heaven-defying treasure? These were rare items that could not be found elsewhere on Shadowed Star so the Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi condensed from them, even if weak in power, would still be quite high in quality.

Moreover, this Five Element Indestructible Sword Qi belonged exclusively to Yang Kai, so there was no need to worry about them being balanced properly like when the group of five had been using their Saint Qi just now.

The Five Elements Scattering Array in front of Yang Kai was almost broken now, so it should not take much more energy to destroy it.

Perhaps his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi could act as the last grain of rice to tip the scale!

Thinking so, Yang Kai immediately waved his hand and transformed the five balls of light into five different coloured short swords that then flew off into the air to the positions where the five people had stood just now before quickly merging into the swirling, terrifying mass of energy.

After doing all of this, Yang Kai did not hesitate to immediately tear space and dive into The Void.

A loud noise and huge impact pounded him from behind.

The Void Crack was instantly destroyed, and at the same time,Yang Kai crossed the fifty-kilometre distance Yang Kai was thrown out from The Void just fifty kilometres away, his face filled with a look of lingering fear.

He had not escaped too far; after all, he had done everything within his power and could only entrust his fate to the Heavens, so there was no point in trying to escape any further.

A fiery pain filled his back. Although he had run quickly just now, the impact which hit him was still quite intense. Using his Divine Sense, Yang Kai could tell that his back was bloody and filled with deep wounds.

This kind of injury was not light, but fortunately, Yang Kai had an excellent physique and his Golden Blood had incredible restorative properties so it shouldn’t be difficult for him to recover.

Circulating his Saint Qi, Yang Kai staunched the blood flowing away from his wounds before he flew back across the fifty-kilometre gap he just crossed.

The explosion just now had been quite intense, so if there was anyone nearby, they would highly likely have been alerted and come to investigate. Yang Kai did not want to end up being robbed of his gains at the last moment after investing so much effort.

The fifty-kilometre distance was crossed by Yang Kai in just a few breaths, and when he returned to his original position, he could not help showing a joyful look.

He had succeeded.

Although the rock wall and the area in front of it was now a smouldering mess, the bodies of Jiang Shan and the others had disappeared, and random leftover energy fluctuations were rampaging about, a hole leading deeper into the mountain was now visible. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The ancient cultivator’s cave mansion!

Yang Kai did not hesitate to dive into the cave.

Of course, he didn’t relax his vigilance and was constantly using his Divine Sense to investigate his surroundings, but this cave mansion didn’t seem to have any additional dangers other than the one at its entrance, so Yang Kai was able to move about essentially without hindrance.

Soon, a dozen or so stone chambers appeared in front of Yang Kai.

Not hesitating at all, Yang Kai directly entered the leftmost stone chamber to explore.

After a few breaths, Yang Kai darted out of the stone room and rushed into the second, immediately after which he moved to the third.

After inspecting more than a dozen stone chambers, all Yang Kai gained was a few bottles of pills whose content was now nothing but slag.

[Am I going to end up leaving empty-handed?] Yang Kai’s mood was somewhat gloomy. If that were the case, then Jiang Shan and the others would have died in vain, and his expectations would be for nothing.

This wasn’t impossible, after all, not every ancient cave mansion contained treasure. Sometimes others had gotten to the good things inside first, and sometimes there was nothing good inside to begin with.

With only one room left, Yang Kai wrinkled his nose and stepped inside.

The next moment, however, his eyes lit up and he instantly rushed over to a stone table with a big grin on his face.

There were two things on this stone table. One was an artifact shaped like a short arrow, but Yang Kai could not identify what material it was made of. This arrow also had two pure white jade stones in its shaft, giving it a somewhat unusual appearance.

This arrow-shaped artifact didn’t emit any kind of strong energy fluctuation, but after Yang Kai picked it up, he couldn’t help frowning because he was unable to determine its grade.

Logically speaking, since the barrier in front of this ancient cave mansion was so powerful, the cultivation of its owner should not have been low, so why was there such a strange artifact here?

Before he could inspect this arrow further, Yang Kai suddenly raised his head and looked towards a particular direction as his expression sank.

Although he had assumed the huge explosion just now would attract the attention of nearby cultivators, he had not anticipated someone would arrive so quickly.

Two hundred kilometres away, a cultivator’s aura had appeared and it was now speeding over towards Yang Kai’s location.

Perceiving this, Yang Kai naturally discarded any thoughts of remaining here, stuffed the short arrow and the jade box which was still on the stone table into his Space Ring, then hurried away.

After about a cup of tea worth of time, a group of three people appeared in front of the ancient cave mansion. All three of these cultivators were Origin Realm masters and from their matching robes, it was clear they belonged to the same Sect. Everyone’s eyes lit up when they saw the open cave mansion and immediately rushed inside.

However, after checking around, the three of them could not help showing looks of disappointment.

There were originally only two things here, the short arrow and the jade box, so after Yang Kai took those two things away, there was nothing for these three newcomers to gain.

These three were obviously unwilling to give up just like that, so they performed a thorough search of the stone chambers, but they ultimately found nothing.

By this time, Yang Kai was already a thousand kilometres away.

In terms of speed, he was no worse than any Origin Realm master, especially after summoning his Wind and Thunder Wings which provided him with a giant boost in this regard.

In an out-of-the-way, naturally formed cave, Yang Kai sat down cross-legged and released his powerful Divine Sense across a wide area. After confirming that there was no one else within a thousand kilometres of his location, he then took out his harvest and prepared to examine it more carefully.