Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1491, Feather Spirit Arrow

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai had checked the short arrow before, so he was more curious about what was inside the jade box.

This jade box was made from a strange material that could block Divine Sense from penetrating it, so obviously its grade was not low. Yang Kai took it out of his Space Ring and with a flick of his wrist opened its lid.

Vigorous and pure energy suddenly rushed out from the jade box, causing Yang Kai’s eyes to brighten. Unconsciously taking a deep breath, he suddenly felt refreshed.

Looking inside, Yang Kai found that the jade box contained only two hexagonal-shaped pure white, flawless crystals, each one about the size of a fingernail. However, when he used his Divine Sense to investigate these two crystals, he was shocked by the amount of energy they contained.

“What is this?” Yang Kai muttered to himself as he gently pinched one of the crystals and brought it up to his eyes to look more carefully.

This crystal looked a bit like Saint Crystal, but its grade was clearly far superior. Even the Saint Crystal Sources condensed by the Stone Puppet could not compare to these hexagonal crystals.

The two were not even on the same level.

The energy stored inside this crystal seemed to have gone beyond the scope of Saint Crystals.

Yang Kai was thoroughly shocked.

He was widely travelled and had encountered a wealth of opportunities over the years, allowing him to see countless treasures. He had even seen several Origin King Grade artifacts, so there weren’t many things which could arouse his interest now.

However, these two fingernail-sized crystals in front of him were one of them.

Yang Kai examined the crystals for a long time but was still unable to determine what exactly it was, only that the amount of energy contained within each was incredibly dense, pure and could be directly absorbed into his body without any unique kind of refinement method, instantly supplementing his Saint Qi. Yang Kai only absorbed a small amount of energy from this crystal for a moment, but that was all it took to completely restore all the Saint Qi he had consumed just now.

Despite that, the small crystal did not change in the slightest, as if the energy stored inside it was inexhaustible.

Of course, that was impossible and it was more accurate to say that, compared to how much energy this crystal stored inside itself, the amount Yang Kai absorbed was just a tiny fraction, so any change was negligible.

High-Rank Saint Crystals and even Saint Crystal Sources were completely dwarfed in every respect by these two crystals.

[What amazing treasure!] Yang Kai grinned and laughed happily.

Although he never had to worry about exhausting his Saint Qi reserves or running out of Saint Qi in the midst of battle, these two crystals were still undoubtedly helpful to him.

At the very least, there was no longer a need for him to deliberately look for a place with rich World Energy during future breakthroughs.

As long as he had these two pieces of crystal, Yang Kai could make a breakthrough anywhere without worrying about running short of World Energy.

However, this kind of treasure was something Yang Kai naturally felt reluctant to use. After all, besides supplementing the World Energy aura during a breakthrough, perhaps it had some other, more significant use.

After inspecting the two crystals a bit longer, Yang Kai solemnly put them back into the jade box and stored it away carefully.

Next, he began a detailed investigation of the short arrow.

This short arrow was clearly an artifact, but its shape was a bit peculiar. It was only about as long as a forearm and it was engraved with the words ‘Feather Spirit’, which was obviously the artifact’s name.

This Feather Spirit Arrow had two pieces of flawless white jade inlaid on its shaft.

However, this artifact gave off no discernible energy fluctuations.

This was very strange. Since it was an artifact, it must have a grade, and as long as it had a grade, it would surely give off some kind of energy fluctuation which would allow people to classify it.

However, this Feather Spirit Arrow seemed to deviate from this common sense. It looked quite inconspicuous, Yang Kai was unable to notice anything special about it even when scanning it with his Divine Sense, as if it were just some kind of worthless decorative item.

But since this Feather Spirit Arrow had been stored together with the two hexagonal crystals that contained massive amounts of pure energy, it naturally could not be something ordinary; it was just that Yang Kai was unable to immediately identify it.

After thinking about it for a while, Yang Kai circulated his Saint Qi and began pouring it into the Feather Spirit Arrow slowly.

When one was experimenting with the power of a new artifact, this was generally the first step.

The Feather Spirit Arrow smoothly accepted Yang Kai’s Saint Qi, and as he continued this process, the pure white jade inlaid in its shaft slowly began turning black.

If one looked closely, they would even notice a trace of fiery red in this black hue, as well as an extremely hot aura.

It was similar in colour to Yang Kai’s Demonic Flame!

Yang Kai brow furrowed and while paying close attention to the changes of the jade, he began pouring even more Saint Qi into the Feather Spirit Arrow.

After about an hour, Yang Kai stopped his output of Saint Qi and stared closely at the Feather Spirit Arrow.

The arrow no longer seemed dead and was instead exuding a shocking energy fluctuation that was in no way inferior to that of an Origin Grade High-Rank artifact, possibly even somewhat greater.

The energy fluctuations of this strange artifact increased as more Saint Qi was infused into it!

Moreover, Origin Grade High-Rank was far from its limit.

The limiting factor seemed to be Yang Kai’s cultivation. The Saint Qi he poured into it only capable of producing an Origin Grade High-Rank aura.

The amount of Saint Qi he had poured in this arrow over the past hour was also quite astonishing.

If it were an ordinary Origin Returning Realm master, it would have been impossible to replicate this in such a short time. Only Yang Kai, with his massive reserves of Saint Qi, could continuously fill up this arrow without any adverse consequences.

Yang Kai estimated that the amount of Saint Qi he had poured into this Feather Spirit Arrow was equivalent to an average Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master’s entire reserve!

In other words, if any other Origin Returning Realm cultivator obtained this Feather Spirit Arrow, even if they were a Third-Order master, they would need to consume all of their strength to fill it.

If it were a First or Second-Order Origin Realm cultivator, they would probably need to repeat this filling process multiple times before they could saturate one of the jades inlaid in the arrow shaft.

Yang Kai was stunned speechless.

Soon though, he cast his gaze onto the jades inlaid in the Feather Spirit Arrow.

There were a total of two jades in this artifact’s shaft which should be able to store Saint Qi.

Considering this, Yang Kai continued pouring out his Saint Qi.

After another hour, the second jade in the Feather Spirit Arrow also reached saturation, confirming Yang Kai’s guess.

Taking a light breath, Yang Kai’s face filled with joy. Although he did not know how powerful this Feather Spirit Arrow was, it was undoubtedly an incredible artifact. If it was used well, it could be treated as one of his trump cards.

Moreover, even though it had not been refined by him, it could still absorb his Saint Qi. It could be seen that this Feather Spirit Arrow either had no owner before, or it had been too long and the brand its owner left inside of it had dispersed entirely.

Now, all Yang Kai needed to do was take some time to refine it and it would belong to him.

Thinking so, Yang Kai did not hesitate. Holding the Feather Spirit Arrow in both hands, he began to pour his Divine Sense into it, trying to carve his aura and mark into it.

The sun sank and the moon rose as time passed by.

After half a month, Yang Kai stood up, and with a slight thought, the Feather Spirit Arrow turned into a stream of light and disappeared into his body.

The refining process had gone even more smoothly than expected. Yang Kai did not know if it was because this artifact was from ancient times and was somewhat different from modern artifacts, but it had taken significantly less time than he anticipated to refine it.

After he finished this refinement, Yang Kai gained some insight into the power and usage restrictions of this Feather Spirit Arrow.

Strictly speaking, this Feather Spirit Arrow’s power was enormous. The two strange jades inlaid in its shaft could store a massive amount of Saint Qi and compress it into an imposing attack.

When encountering a powerful enemy, one only needed to activate the internal Spirit Array to release this attack, and even a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master would suffer significantly if they were struck by it.

Its power was immense, but there were naturally drawbacks.

Because there were only two jades on the Feather Spirit Arrow, even if it were fully charged, it could only be used twice!

After two uses, the energy inside the jades would be exhausted and you would first need to charge it up if you wanted to use it again.

Even with Yang Kai’s strength, it took him an hour to fill a single piece of jade, so this Feather Spirit Arrow could only be used twice in a battle.

Despite this limitation, this Feather Spirit Arrow was an incredibly powerful artifact, one Yang Kai was quite satisfied with.

There was nothing perfect in this world. The power of this Feather Spirit Arrow was scary enough, so how could it possibly be used endlessly?

Yang Kai wanted to test the power of the Feather Spirit Arrow, but there was no suitable target here, so he had no choice but to set this matter aside. After walking out of the natural cave, Yang Kai picked a direction at will and flew off.

For the next few days, Yang Kai wandered around Fallen Emperor Mountain.

Now that he knew that rumours about the existence of ancient secluded homes and cave mansions weren’t groundless and he had some gains, he planned to continue treasure hunting; after all, one could never have too many good things.

Unfortunately, maybe because there were too many cultivators pouring into this place, even if Yang Kai found something over the next few days, he wasn’t able to reap any kind of harvest as others had thoroughly ransacked these secluded homes and cave mansions.

Murder and robbery were also common, with sneak attacks and counterattacks happening everywhere Yang Kai went.

On this day, Yang Kai took out his communication artifact as usual and poured his Divine Sense into it.

Although treasure hunting in Fallen Emperor Mountain was important, Yang Kai did not forget his original intention, so he would take out this communication artifact and try to contact Qian Tong now and then.

However, even until now, Yang Kai had not been able to reach either Qian Tong or Fei Zhi Tu.

This time though, things were different. After pouring his Divine Sense into this communication artifact, Yang Kai suddenly felt a different Divine Sense fluctuation coming from it and hurriedly checked it.

A moment later, Yang Kai flew off in a certain direction after putting the artifact away.

Somewhere, ten thousand kilometres away, countless Origin Returning Realm masters had gathered and were staring towards a set of palaces and pavilions surrounding a specific mountain up ahead.

An Ancient Sect Ruin!

Although there were many cultivators enthusiastically searching for secluded homes and cave mansions outside to gain something, the great forces that were well-informed had sent most of their masters to this spot. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

After all, the temptation of an Ancient Sect Ruin was simply too high. Who would not want to enter such a place to search for treasures?

At this moment, masters from various great forces had all gathered here in a display of power that was even more imposing than when the Emperor Garden had opened.