Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1502, Coercing

Everyone could hardly believe their eyes.

How long had it been? Since Yang Kai took out the Array Plate until now, less than an incense stick of time had passed, yet a dozen Origin Returning Realm masters had actually been killed by Yang Kai in such a short time.

What happened inside that Spirit Array?

No one knew, but none of them dared to underestimate Yang Kai.

“It’s good to see that you’re still alive!” Qu Zheng stared at Yang Kai with red eyes, murderous intent pulsing from his body. Seeing the culprit who had murdered his son, Qu Zhen was unwilling to let him escape and declared, “You really didn’t disappoint this old master, this old master must personally take your life!”

As soon as he spoke these words, Qu Zheng’s body flashed and he shot towards Yang Kai like a charging tiger.

“Union Master must not!” Shouts rang out from all directions. Half of their group had died at Yang Kai’s hands, so it was apparent that this boy’s strength wasn’t trivial. Qu Zheng was enraged right now and charged without thinking about the consequences, but regardless of the outcome of this fight, Qu Zheng would ultimately be the one to suffer.

If he failed to win, he would definitely be injured.

But if Yang Kai was killed, Star Emperor Mountain would definitely hold him accountable.

As such, as soon as Qu Zheng acted, many tried to stop him.

However, their efforts were to no avail. Qu Zheng only wanted to put Yang Kai to death to avenge Qu Chang Feng now, so how could he bother listening to others’ dissuasions?

Halfway to his target, Qu Zheng brought his palms together and condensed so much Saint Qi onto them it became visible before he struck towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai simply looked at him with a sneer, not showing the slightest bit of fear as he too pushed out his palm, condensing a massive palm print that seemed to completely cover the space in front of Qu Zheng, even temporarily obscuring the sun’s light from reaching him.

Heaven Covering Hand!

Qu Zheng’s expression became solemn. Although he was livid right now, as a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master, he had experienced countless battles across his life and accumulated a wealth of combat experience, so he immediately noticed the huge danger this palm print posed.

But he still had no intention of withdrawing, instead pushing his Saint Qi even harder.

The two palms collided and a thunderous rumbling resounded as raging energy fluctuations and powerful gusts of wind spread out.

Qu Zheng was sent flying while Yang Kai was also forced back more than a dozen steps.

This confrontation actually resulted in a draw!

Fang Peng saw this and paled.

Being able to repel Qu Zheng’s anger-filled strike meant that Yang Kai’s strength wasn’t inferior to his opponent’s! In other words, the two of them were equally matched.

This boy was a true monster.

“Brother Qu, calm down!” Fang Peng roared, “Those who have died cannot be brought back, losing your temper here will not help matters. If you want the enemy to suffer, there are other ways than simply killing him.”

Qu Zheng heard this and the crimson hue in his eyes dissipated a little, seemingly recovering his composure as he glared coldly towards Yang Kai and inhaled lightly before nodding his head and saying, “What Brother Fang said is right, this Qu acted impulsively.”

Finally responding, it was only now that Qu Zheng remembered that this time’s action was not to simply kill Yang Kai but rather to capture him alive.

As these two talked, Yang Kai looked on indifferently, but out of the corner of his eye, he stole a glance towards an old man with grey hair in a brown robe.

This old man should be the one Liang Yong warned him about.

At first glance, this person seemed inconspicuous as he stood casually among the crowd, but when Yang Kai inspected him carefully, he couldn’t help feeling an uncomfortable aura coming from it.

This aura actually made Yang Kai somewhat anxious.

Not daring to observe too carefully so as not to startle this snake, Yang Kai was unable to figure out what kind of skill this old man possessed that could cause him concern.

However, if his guess was right, this old man should be from Star Emperor Mountain. This time, Heaven Battling Union and Thunder Typhoon Sect had teamed up to deal with him because Star Emperor Mountain had ordered them to. As the mastermind behind this operation, Star Emperor Mountain would naturally send someone to observe and participate.

[He has hidden perfectly.] Yang Kai would not have noticed this old man if Liang Yong hadn’t warned him as Qu Zheng and Fang Peng’s presence completely overshadowed him.

“Sect Master Yang is truly a hero among the younger generation, this old master is deeply impressed!” Fang Peng waved his hand lightly, a trace of regret and anger flashing across the depths of his eyes; after all, half of the masters Yang Kai had trapped and killed inside that Spirit Array just now belonged to his Thunder Typhoon Sect, and many of them were Third-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivators.

Having so many top-level masters die for no reason naturally caused Fang Peng’s heart to bleed.

After this battle, although its foundation would not be shaken, Thunder Typhoon Sect’s strength would definitely take a hit. Moreover, if this news were to ever leak out, Thunder Typhoon Sect’s prestige would plummet.

“Sect Master Fang still thinks he can capture me with just the people you have left?” Yang Kai smiled and looked at him lightly.

“Haha, this Fang thought this operation was foolproof before, but after seeing Sect Master Yang’s methods, this Fang doesn’t dare think like that anymore,” Fang Peng slowly shook his head, looking helpless.

“Sect Master Fang thinking so is naturally for the best,” Yang Kai coldly snorted. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Although this Fang had no intention of being enemies with Sect Master Yang, after you killed so many of my subordinates, I cannot simply let you go like this. En, please wait a moment Sect Master Yang, there are two friends here who would like to see you.”

“Two friends?” Yang Kai frowned and suddenly realized something was wrong.

“Bring them here!” Fang Peng clapped his hands as he shot a triumphant look towards Yang Kai.

Following his order, two streaks of light suddenly appeared not far away and rapidly flew over. After these lights faded and the figures inside revealed themselves, Yang Kai couldn’t help his eyes from shrinking as a stern look appeared on his face.

The figures that appeared were none other than Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu who had been accompanying him just a few days ago!

These two had obviously experienced a difficult battle and were now bloodied and dishevelled. At this moment, the two of them looked quite miserable, with Qian Tong’s left arm twisted and broken while Fei Zhi Tu had several small holes in his chest and abdomen which seemed to be the result of him being stabbed with a bladed weapon.

Being dragged here, both of them smiled bitterly and helplessly towards Yang Kai.

They hadn’t expected to be plotted against here, moreover to be used against Yang Kai! Both Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu had underestimated Qu Zheng and Fang Peng’s courage.

It was known that Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu had high enough status that even Heaven Battling Union and Thunder Typhoon Sect would not offend them easily, but being commanded by Star Emperor Mountain, how could Qu Zheng and Fang Peng care what Shadow Moon Hall thought?

“We were ambushed,” Qian Tong pursed his mouth and said dryly.

Although they were sneak attacked, the winner was the king while the loser was the villain, and this was shown by his ugly complexion.

If not for them being caught by surprise, given their strength, how could he and Fei Zhi Tu have been captured alive? Even if they couldn’t win, couldn’t they run away? Both of them were Third-Order Origin Returning Realm masters, but it was precisely because they weren’t wary of their surroundings that they had been successfully ambushed. After falling into a disadvantage at the start of the fight, they were unable to run away.

Moreover, in order to deal with the two of them, Heaven Battling Union and Thunder Typhoon Sect had sent out six masters of their own; facing such odds, the result was obvious.

“I can see that,” Yang Kai gently nodded. “Are you two alright?”

“We won’t die at least, we’ve just had our Saint Qi sealed,” Fei Zhi Tu grinned, seemingly not in terrible shape.

“That’s good!” Yang Kai took a breath before turning his head and squinting towards Fang Peng, “Sect Master Fang, what’s the meaning of this?”

“Nothing much,” Fang Peng chuckled with an amiable expression, “I just heard that Sect Master Yang has some special skills so we decided to take precautions early. I never expected those precautions would actually come in handy. Sect Master Yang seems to have quite a good relationship with Elder Qian and City Lord Fei, yes? I wonder if you would be willing to surrender without a fight for them?”

“You want me to surrender?” Yang Kai sneered, “Is Sect Master Fang sleep talking? If this matter were to spread out, what would the world think of your Thunder Typhoon Sect and Heaven Battling Union?”

Fang Peng shook his head gently, “It doesn’t matter what the world thinks, the key is what Sect Master Yang chooses. Sect Master Yang has also killed a lot of us, so how about we end today’s matter here? As long as you don’t resist, this old master will guarantee no more harm will come to Elder Qian and City Lord Fei. Everyone here is a famous figure on Shadowed Star so this old master would like to avoid completely tearing face between all of us, otherwise, it would become awkward when we meet in the future, don’t you think?”

His words were spoken benignly, as if he was only persuading Yang Kai to give up some unimportant trifles.

“And if I say no?”

“Haha...” Fang Peng laughed and pondered for a moment before saying, “It seems that Sect Master Yang hasn’t figured out the seriousness of this matter yet.”

“Since he doesn’t understand, this old master will make him understand!” Qu Zheng suddenly spoke up.

Saying so, his figure flickered and instantly arrived in front of Fei Zhi Tu. Under Fei Zhi Tu’s stunned gaze, Qu Zhen summoned a short spear-like artifact into his hand and without any hesitation stabbed towards Fei Zhi Tu’s chest.

With a gruesome sound, blood splashed out.

Fei Zhi Tu’s body was pierced through, with the short spear coming out his back covered in red blood.

“Old Fei!” Qian Tong was shocked, never having expected that Qu Zheng would be so decisive and ruthless.

*Cough cough...*

Fei Zhi Tu coughed up a blood mist towards Qu Zheng, but the latter did not even try to evade, letting the blood mist stain him red, causing his already hideous face to look even more hysterical.

Yang Kai narrowed his eyes.

Under the investigation of his Divine Sense, Yang Kai could tell that although the blow just now didn’t directly kill Fei Zhi Tu, it had grazed his heart. As long as the blow had been shifted slightly, Fei Zhi Tu would have instantly died.

Such a serious injury, even with the foundation of a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master, would not be easy to heal.

“Haha, Union Master Qu has just experienced the pain of losing his son, so although this old master has managed to persuade him not to act rashly, Sect Master Yang should probably avoid irritating him at this moment,” Fang Peng leisurely said. “Sect Master Yang doesn’t want to see Elder Qian and City Lord Fei die here because of you, right? Whether they live or die is entirely up to you to decide.”

“Yang Kai, you have ten breaths, consider carefully. If you can’t provide this Union Master with a satisfactory answer, I will immediately kill them!” Qu Zheng growled.

Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu wore resentful looks as they were being treated as bargaining chips to threaten Yang Kai. Both of them felt terrible, but unfortunately, the seal in their bodies made it so their Saint Qi couldn’t circulate at all, making it impossible for them to help Yang Kai.

“Good, I’ll go with you. Release Elder Qian and City Lord Fei!” To everyone’s surprise, Yang Kai agreed immediately, but his face was extremely ugly.

“Yang Kai, you...” Qian Tong looked at him with bitter guilt, “You don’t have to do this!”