Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1511, Instant Kill

Among the dozen or so people, the one leading them was red-faced, crooked nosed, cross-eyes, and had messy hair, giving him quite a funny appearance, but the powerful aura that radiated from his body made it impossible to take him lightly.

A peak Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master!

“It’s Heaven Battling Union’s Second Elder Lu Feng!”

“Even he has been alerted. The people around him are all elites of Heaven Battling Union as well, so it seems there’s going to be a good show.”

“Who the hell is High Heaven Sect? Their courage is so big.”

“Whatever their origins, that short-tempered Lu Feng will definitely make them regret appearing here. Heh heh, just watch.”

The city instantly became abuzz with discussion as everyone looked up into the sky, waiting for the good show to start.

In Heaven Battling Union, there was an enormous number of masters, with no less than ten people having reached the Third-Order Origin Returning Realm alone. Among these people, the Second Elder, Lu Feng, was quite famous.

Yang Kai had already met Great Elder Mo Xiao Sheng and Third Elder Liang Yong, so he understood their great strength quite well, but compared to Lu Feng, they actually lacked in terms of ruthlessness. As such, Lu Feng held the position of Head of the Law Enforcement Hall! This hall’s purpose was to maintain order and punish disciples who committed mistakes in the Union.

Anyone seized by him ended up crippled as best.

In Heaven Battling Union, the most feared Elder was definitely Lu Feng.

Just now, Lu Feng had been leading his people out to deal with some trivial matters in the Outer City, but suddenly this scene had occurred, so he rushed over immediately.

Glancing around, it was obvious their opponent had used a Crystal Cannon to clear a swath several thousand metres long in Heaven Battling City. Inside the swath, nothing remained, while to its sides hundreds of structures had collapsed into piles of rubble, the mere sight of which infuriated Lu Feng.

Heaven Battling Union had enjoyed the highest level of prestige for so many years and had never encountered such an embarrassment before.

Staring coldly at the hundred-metre long black Starship, Lu Feng roared, “Lowly scum, you dare come to Heaven Battling City and run rampant? Quickly come out and face death!”

This roar was deafening and echoed throughout all of Heaven Battling City, allowing all to feel just how enraged Lu Feng was at this moment.

There was no sound from the Starship, however, no answer, no rebuttal, not the slightest movement at all; it simply hovered mid-air silently, as if there were no living people inside.

However, the inexplicable pressure it radiated still felt like a ten thousand ton boulder weighing down on all who saw it.

“Good, good, good. You dare not place this old master in your eyes? Do you think this old master can’t touch you as long as you hide inside that shell of yours? Watch how this old master smashes your trivial Starship!”

Saying so, Lu Feng’s Saint Qi surged madly and with a flick of his wrist, a giant axe appeared in his hand. This giant axe was nearly two metres tall and had a snow-white blade that radiated an incredibly sharp aura.

As Saint Qi poured into it, the giant axe artifact suddenly burst with dazzling light and Lu Feng lifted it high, swiftly condensing a massive phantom axe composed of pure energy above him.

This phantom axe was several hundred metres long, as if the giant axe Lu Feng had summoned had been enlarged hundreds of times over, and a shocking energy fluctuation pulsed from it.

All onlookers paled at the mere sight.

Lu Feng’s shocking reputation was not undeserved. As Heaven Battling Union’s Second Elder, he was no ordinary Third-Order Origin Returning Realm.

As soon as the Second Elder took action, the others following behind also began to act, summoning their respective artifacts and preparing their own Secret Techniques one after another, filling the sky with a dazzling array of light.

Under Lu Feng’s control, the huge phantom axe fell like a guillotine, slashing towards the Starship fiercely.

The other attacks followed suit.

*Hong Hong Hong...*

A series of violent noises spread out, and fearful energy fluctuations erupted in the spot where the Starship hovered.

However, the Starship didn’t budge, only condensing a thin, delicate-looking light curtain around itself.

All the attacks were blocked by this shield, causing no damage at all.

The eyes of everyone on the scene bulged, and even Lu Feng, who had always been arrogant and domineering couldn’t help gawking, almost thinking he was seeing an illusion as he cried out, “Impossible!”

He was the clearest about how much power had been behind his attack just now. Although it seemed like his strike had been hastily and casually executed, he had actually poured his full strength into it. But even this blow was unable to shake the enemy Starship in the slightest.

Even if it really was an Origin King Grade Starship, it shouldn’t be this powerful!

Did that seemingly fragile light curtain protecting its hull actually have such astonishing defensive strength?

As everyone was staring dumbfounded, a slight humming noise sounded from the Starship, and soon, profound and complicated patterns began appearing around its hull. These patterns visible to the naked eye soon gathered together in the sky above it.

In the blink of an eye, these patterns condensed into a massive Spirit Array.

World Energy poured madly into this Spirit Array.

At the centre of this Spirit Array, something slowly emerged, as if it was being summoned by the Spirit Array from the endless void.

Soon, this object manifested clearly before everyone’s eyes.

It was a spear composed purely of energy, one only as thick as a child’s arm and two metres in length, releasing an extraordinary pressure.

The spear trembled slightly before piercing forward, seemingly ignoring space itself as it blasted towards Lu Feng and the dozen Heaven Battling Union masters.

“Not good!” Lu Feng’s expression changed dramatically as he cried out.

From the time he took action until the Starship counterattacked, only a breath had passed. He hadn’t expected the other party to be so decisive, not even bothering to exchange any words before resorting to such powerful methods. By the time he realized something was wrong, it was too late for him to try to evade.

As a last resort, he could only summon his defensive artifact, throw it forward, and transform it into a sea blue light curtain to try to protect himself.

The blue light curtain had barely taken shape though before it was shattered.

A ray of light passed through the location where Lu Feng and more than a dozen people were located before continuing forward towards the Inner City of Heaven Battling City. A full breath later, a violent explosion sounded from a remote part of the Inner City.

When everyone looked back into the sky, the place where Lu Feng and the other masters had been standing was now empty, only a faint blood mist falling from the air remained.

The spectating cultivators were dumbfounded as they stared at this scene in disbelief, as if they had just seen something impossible.

The blow just now did not appear as domineering as the previous Crystal Cannon volley, but it was far more terrifying.

Everyone felt a chill shoot up their spines as their hearts were gripped with fear and the looks they directed towards the Starship changed dramatically. No one could ignore the lethality of the Starship’s attack just now.

The same tender voice which had spoken earlier came from the Starship once more, “There is not much time left. If you wish to leave Heaven Battling City, please depart immediately. When the time comes, my High Heaven Sect will immediately attack this place and any who remain will bear the consequences.”

Heaven Battling City fell silent for a short moment before erupting into chaos once more as countless cultivators rushed out of the city, none daring to remain or hold a wait-and-see mentality.

They originally thought that this Starship was nothing to fear and that, it would not take long for Heaven Battling Union to destroy it with their countless masters.

But the tragic death of Lu Feng changed their minds.

Even a master like Lu Feng was unable to shake this Starship, nor survive a single blow from it. Today, it seemed Heaven Battling Union was in great danger.

At this moment, everyone regarded this Starship as a real threat to Heaven Battling Union.

No one wanted to sacrifice their life here meaninglessly, so naturally, they ran as far as possible.

Inside the Starship, aware of the departure of these cultivators, Yang Kai nodded in satisfaction.

According to his previously inquired intelligence, there were tens of millions of cultivators living in Heaven Battling City, but less than one percent of them truly belonged to Heaven Battling Union. Yang Kai was unwilling to kill so many innocents or become the target of public anger.

After all, the Starship couldn’t stop the attacks of tens of millions of people. Any defence had its limits.

As such, the scene in front of him made him happy.

Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu, who had come along to help out, were also stunned, unable to return to their senses for a long time.

Although the two of them came to contribute their strength to this action, they were truly frightened by the power of the Starship.

They had never seen how terrifying an Origin King Grade Starship was, but judging from their experiences, High Heaven Sect’s was clearly of the highest grade even amongst Origin King Grade Starships.

“Sect Master, the Heaven Punishing Divine Lance array is quite powerful,” Ye Xi Yun reported softly, “Even if this Queen was struck by it, it would likely cause severe wounds at least.”

“Naturally, anything Yang Yan refines is always of the highest quality,” Yang Kai grinned.

After the Battle of Dragon Cave Mountain, the world only knew that High Heaven Sect possessed an Origin King Grade Starship and that its Crystal Cannons were extremely powerful, but they had no idea just how many other terrifying devices had been installed into it by Yang Yan.

The previous Heaven Punishing Divine Lance and the protective shield were just the tips of the iceberg.

With this Starship alone, Yang Kai was confident Heaven Battling City could be razed to the ground, otherwise, he would not have taken such an aggressive stance and openly attacked Heaven Battling Union.

“However, the consumption of Saint Crystal Sources is a bit big, more than five times that of a Crystal Cannon shot!” Ye Xi Yun frowned.

“It’s fine, we don’t lack Saint Crystal Sources now,” Yang Kai grinned meaningfully.

The Starship being able to output so much power was directly related to the existence of Saint Crystal Sources. If Saint Crystals had been used as an energy source instead to activate the defensive shield and the Heaven Punishing Divine Lance, the power would have been reduced by about half.

Saint Crystal Sources were different though, they contained a massive amount of pure energy incomparable to Saint Crystals of equal volume.

This treasure could only be produced by the Stone Puppet. After swallowing three or four pieces of High-Rank Saint Crystals, the Stone Puppet could refine a single Saint Crystal Source, so it was easy to imagine how precious they were. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

There had only been one Stone Puppet before, but now Yang Kai owned two Stone Puppets, so the speed of manufacturing Saint Crystal Sources had naturally doubled. As long as the supply of Saint Crystals could keep up, producing Saint Crystal Sources was no longer a problem.

“Yang Kai, those Saint Crystal Sources...” Qian Tong coughed dryly to the side, seemingly hesitant to speak up.

“If Elder Qian wants some, please just wait until this matter is settled and I will deliver some to you and City Lord Fei. These things are far better than Saint Crystals for cultivation,” Yang Kai naturally knew what he wanted and openly agreed.

“Great, it would be impolite for this old master to refuse such generosity,” Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu looked at each other and saw the joy in the opposite’s eyes.

Since entering the Starship, what they have seen and heard caused them to call out in alarm over and over again. The space inside the Starship was much larger than it looked from the outside, which was naturally quite astonishing and clearly a result of an application of Space Force. However, everything else inside the Starship also caused them to feel a deep sense of yearning, especially those Saint Crystal Sources which were powering it.

Qian Tong and Fei Zhi Tu had never seen such a thing before.