Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1548, Epiphany

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Inside the teahouse, a group of seven people sat quietly.

Qian Tong and the others were understandably excited and unable to calm down for a long time.

The news they heard from the shop hand caused them to be overjoyed.

Originally, as long as they were able to break away from the shackles of the Shadowed Star’s World Principles, they would have been satisfied, but now they knew that their arrival on Green Mountains Star had actually coincided with such a golden opportunity.

For those who had been struggling on Shadowed Star their whole lives to pursue a higher Martial Dao, nothing could have sounded sweeter than this news.

There was no need for discussion, everyone could see the intent in each other’s eyes.

Obviously, they wanted to participate!

“All of you don’t need to be so anxious. If what that shop hand said is true, there will still be some time before the Blood Prison Trial opens. If you are interested in participating, you can spend some time here to inquire about the news before making a final decision,” Yang Kai glanced around at them.

“Yeah, that shop hand was just an ordinary person, so although the Blood Prison Trial is a truly a sensational once-in-a-thousand-year event, he probably doesn’t know too much about it. We should first go confirm this news with other sources,” Yang Xiu Zhu gently nodded, agreeing with Yang Kai’s point of view.

“In that case, let’s stay. It’s still too early anyway. If it’s really that good here, we won’t leave for the time being.” Qian Tong suggested.

“Agreed.” Mo Yu nodded.

After a brief negotiation, they quickly found a good inn in this Green Water City to stay at and reserved a few rooms for an extended time.

Yang Kai, however, did not remain. After entrusting Qian Yue to Qian Tong and the others, he left Green Water City alone and flew off on his Star Shuttle.

He needed to see if Su Yan was here on Green Mountains Star. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Based on the connection between him and Su Yan, if she was living on this Cultivation Star, it wouldn’t be difficult for him to find her. As long as the two of them were within a certain proximity, they would naturally sense one another.

What’s more, Su Yan’s Ice Soul Bead was still in Yang Kai’s hands, and this thing would surely have some reaction if Su Yan was nearby.

Yang Kai acted swiftly, sitting above his Star Shuttle full of anticipation as he flew around Green Mountains Star.

Across lofty mountains and expansive plains, large tracts of land were left in Yang Kai’s wake.

As time passed by, however, he gradually grew disappointed.

Green Mountains Star was the closest Cultivation Star to where Qian Yue and Su Yan had been separated, so there was a great possibility of the latter winding up here.

Still, this Cultivation Star was a few months journey away from that place.

Yang Kai felt that Su Yan shouldn’t have gone any further than that.

But after a long search, there was no trace of Su Yan and no reaction from her Ice Soul Bead, a result that surprised him.

Su Yan wasn’t here.

Six months passed, and Yang Kai had now covered almost all of Green Mountains Star in his search, but the final result disappointed him.

Standing above a lone peak, Yang Kai looked out at the distant scenery, a feeling of loneliness filling his heart.

Having not found Su Yan, his mood was naturally quite sour.

In the jungle behind Yang Kai, a pair of wild eyes stared towards him, and under the cover of the brush, a figure silently approached.

This was the territory of a powerful Monster Beast, and without its permission, no other creatures could set foot on it.

Any who dared to violate this rule had become a meal for this Monster Beast.

This Monster Beast had its own sense of intuition, and as it stared at Yang Kai quietly, it realized that this person’s strength wasn’t too great, so it was preparing to teach him the consequences of infringing on its territory.

With the help of the wind direction, this Monster Beast was able to eliminate its scent as it crept closer to Yang Kai step by step, looking for the best place and time to attack.

Suddenly, it saw Yang Kai turn his head and glanced towards its hiding place.

“Seems your luck is quite bad!” Yang Kai murmured as he grinned menacingly. This smile caused the Monster Beast to shiver down to its bones as an extremely uneasy feeling suddenly spread from the bottom of its heart.

Before it could move though, Yang Kai waved his hand and his three great helpers appeared around him.

Carrying the Heaven Shaking Pillar, the Stone Puppet Xiao Xiao suddenly turned into a stone giant. The Artifact Spirit cried out as it transformed into a giant red Firebird. The Dragon Bone Sword released an amazing pressure and accompanied by a resounding dragon roar morphed into a giant green dragon dozens of metres long.

The Monster Beast’s eyes flashed an almost human-like look of terror as he quickly turned around and hurriedly tried to escape.

It knew at this moment that it had chosen the wrong target.

“Kill it!” Yang Kai ordered bluntly.

The earth trembled immediately as Xiao Xiao chased after the Monster Beast, leaving deep footprints on the earth every time he took a step.

The Firebird turned into a red streak of light that also quickly approached the fleeing Monster Beast, incinerating the trees it passed by in an instant.

The giant dark green dragon followed closely behind.

Yang Kai exhaled lightly, as if he was trying to spit out the depression in his heart before he too tagged along in a leisurely manner.

Right then, his mood was quite low, so when this Monster Beast dared to treat him like prey, it was simply seeking its own death.

Yang Kai needed something to vent his frustrations on.

The roars of the Monster Beast and the dull growls of Xiao Xiao were heard from up ahead, sometimes mixed with the cries of the Firebird and the roars of the Dragon Bone Sword.

The surrounding World Energy aura fluctuated as the massacre in the jungle took place.

Although this Monster Beast wasn’t weak, being at the pinnacle of the Ninth-Order, just one step away from breaking through to the Tenth-Order, how could it possibly be the opponent of the combination of the Stone Puppet, Firebird, and Dragon Bone Sword?

Even escaping was impossible.

There was no suspense about this battle, and by the time Yang Kai strolled over, the Monster Beast that had just been eyeing him as a snack was now lying on the ground dead.

Its waist had been broken, with bone fragments poking out from its flesh, seemingly having been smashed by the Heaven Shaking Pillar. Its fur was also scorched black from the Artifact Spirit’s flames.

The giant dark green dragon, meanwhile, hovered over its corpse, seemingly wanting to swallow its physical essence.

Yang Kai stopped it, however, as he walked up to this Monster Beast’s corpse and unhurriedly sent a Golden Blood Thread into its body.

Under the control of Yang Kai’s Divine Sense, the Golden Blood Thread swam through the Monster Beast’s body like a fish through water.

A bizarre scene appeared next as the Monster Beast’s corpse shrivelled at a speed visible to the naked eye, and the energy contained in its body seemed to be swallowed by something!

Yang Kai observed this scene indifferently, as if he had been expecting to see it.

After a while, the Monster Beast’s corpse became a withered husk, with even its Monster Core disappearing.

Yang Kai waved his hand, and a golden red thread flew out from this corpse and like a tiny snake danced between his fingers.

Looking at this threat quietly, Yang Kai showed a look of surprise and joy, his previous depression abating somewhat.

With a single thought, the Golden Blood Thread in his hand suddenly twisted and squirmed before transforming into a Monster Beast.

This Monster Beast looked almost no different from the one which lay dead before him, even its shape and size were nearly identical while its eyes turned about, seemingly possessing great spirituality. The only difference was that it was transformed from Yang Kai’s Golden Blood Thread and had a two-toned gold and red colour.

This was the second type of transformation the Golden Blood Thread could undergo!

This transformation was recorded in the second half of the Demon Blood Thread Secret Technique. Yang Kai had thoroughly comprehended it long ago, but had not had a chance to use it until now.

The first advanced manipulation technique of the Golden Blood Threads was the ability to integrate and condense several different Golden Blood Threads into various shapes to perform different actions.

The second, however, allowed the Golden Blood Thread to absorb a Monster Beast’s physique and spirit, allowing the Golden Blood Thread to transform into a replica of that Monster Beast.

This was one of the miraculous uses of the Golden Blood Thread Secret Technique. Whichever Senior expert created this Secret Technique was a true genius.

Inside the Emperor Garden, Yang Kai had fought against the glamorous Temple Master of Demon Blood Temple and seen her two Demon Blood Threads transform into two life-like snakes. He had been very curious at the time about how she had accomplished this.

Later, he had obtained the second half of the Demon Blood Thread Secret Technique and understood the mystery.

Each Golden Blood Thread was condensed from a drop of Yang Kai’s Golden Blood, and each could absorb and fuse itself with the physical essence of a Monster Beast and the energy in its Monster Core, after which, it could transform into one of these so-called Blood Beasts.

The two bloody snakes the Temple Lord of Demon Blood Temple had used were Blood Beasts transformed from her Demon Blood Threads!

Blood Beasts could inherit a Monster Beast’s abilities from when it was alive, and because it was transformed from Yang Kai Golden Blood, it was directly linked with his Soul, allowing him to manipulate it like he would his own limbs.

Before, on Shadowed Star, Yang Kai had not had time to find a suitable Monster Beast, so he had not cultivated any Blood Beasts.

Now that he had chanced upon a suitable test subject, Yang Kai wasn’t about to just let it go.

With the assistance of all his helpers, he had easily succeeded.

Releasing his Divine Sense and examining this Blood Beast, Yang Kai nodded gently in satisfaction.

As far as aura was concerned, this Blood Beast formed from his Golden Blood Thread should be equivalent to a Second-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator. This strength was somewhat lower than the original Monster Beast it was condensed from, but the difference wasn’t too great.

The most important thing, however, was that Yang Kai had more than one Golden Blood Thread!

As long as there were sufficient Monster Beasts, Yang Kai could transform all of his Golden Blood Threads into Blood Beasts. At that time, with hundreds of Blood Beasts being released together, even if he had to face an Origin King, Yang Kai would not be helpless.

However, it wasn’t easy to find appropriate Monster Beasts, so this kind of plan had to be implemented slowly.

As he was thinking about this, Yang Kai lightly reached out towards the Blood Beast.

The Blood Beast immediately shrank and in the blink of an eye became only the size of a pigeon egg, its figure landing lightly on Yang Kai’s palm.

Yang Kai smiled slightly but just as he was about to store it away, he suddenly thought of something and his eyes fixed on the life-like Blood Beast on his palm, a pensive look covering his face.

Seemingly lost in thought, Yang Kai sank into a state of comprehension.

Only after a long time did Yang Kai’s body shiver and his eyes flashed a profound light, muttering out loud, “Only a pill with spirituality can be called a Spirit Pill... So that’s it!”

At this moment, he somewhat understood the meaning of the words that had confounded him for so long in the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture.

Although it was just a guess, it was worth a try. If it succeeded, Yang Kai would finally be able to successfully refine Origin King Grade Spirit Pills and officially rise to the rank of Origin King Grade Alchemist!

“Disperse, stand guard for me nearby and don’t let anything disturb me,” Yang Kai commanded.

His three helpers immediately scattered and established a strict perimeter nearby.

Yang Kai sat down cross-legged, waved his hand, and summoned out his Purple Origin Furnace along with several boxes containing herbs from his Space Ring.

Yang Kai picked up a jade box, opened its lid, took out an Origin King Grade herb from it, then placed it directly into the Purple Origin Furnace.

Conflagrated Spiritual Energy burst out, and Yang Kai began heating the furnace to condense the herb inside into medicinal liquid.

He went about this task with familiarity and ease.