Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1550, A Connection from a Great Distance

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

This Alchemy technique caused Yang Kai’s excitement to surge.

In the past, the pills he refined weren’t of very high grade, and the materials were easy to find, so there was no problem with only being able to obtain one pill from each set of materials.

Backed by High Heaven Sect, Yang Kai didn’t need to worry about sourcing such materials.

But now that he was an Origin King Grade Alchemist, the materials he needed to refine each Spirit Pill weren’t just extremely valuable, they were also incredibly difficult to find and needed an appropriate pill spirit to successfully produce. Even with High Heaven Sect, there was no way so many materials could be found.

However, if he could refine more than one Spirit Pill from a single set of materials, the profit for him would be enormous.

This matter wasn’t urgent though. Yang Kai had just become an Origin King Grade Alchemist, and he would need to accumulate a vast amount of experience refining Origin King Grade Spirit Pills before he could begin trying to comprehend more profound techniques.

.....

Half a month later, Yang Kai returned to Green Water City.

He had not found Su Yan here, so he wasn’t prepared to continue idling on this Cultivation Star. He still needed to return to Tong Xuan Realm as soon as possible so he could migrate his relatives and friends to Shadowed Star so they could have a better cultivation environment and resources.

When he arrived at the inn where Qian Tong and the others had been staying, Yang Kai released his Divine Sense to find them but was immediately shocked.

Qian Tong and the others weren’t here.

This unexpected discovery caused his heart to clench as he wondered if Qian Tong and the others had some kind of accident; after all, when he had left that day, he had told them he would meet them back here around this time.

Where had they gone?

Yang Kai frowned, took out a communication artifact, and poured his Divine Sense into it.

A moment later, the artifact lit up as a new Spiritual Energy fluctuation appeared inside of it. Yang Kai quickly sank his mind into it.

After hearing the message Qian Tong sent to him, Yang Kai was astonished.

Rather than an accident, Qian Tong and the others were living quite well right now and became High Ranking Guest Elders of Green Water City through a series of events.

This result surprised Yang Kai greatly.

Putting away the communication artifact, Yang Kai left the inn and walked towards a building at the centre of Green Water City.

When he got there, Qian Tong and the others were already waiting outside for him.

Even though they hadn’t seen each other for several months, none of them asked what Yang Kai had been doing, instead just enthusiastically welcoming him into the building. After having a few maids serve tea, they began explaining the situation to Yang Kai.

Soon after Yang Kai left that day, the City Lord of Green Water City personally came to visit Qian Tong and the others.

This was not a surprise, however, as a group of five peak Third-Order Origin Returning Realm masters could not be ignored, even on this Green Mountains Star. What’s more, Green Water City was just a small city, and besides the City Lord and Vice City Lord, there were no other cultivators in this city who had reached the Third-Order Origin Realm.

Qian Tong and the others arriving so suddenly had obviously put Green Water City’s City Lord on edge, not knowing what this group’s intentions were. Worried, he came to inquire about Qian Tong and the others’ purpose.

After learning that Qian Tong and the others weren’t from Green Mountains Star and had only come here to participate in the Blood Prison Trial, Green Water City’s City Lord finally relaxed.

Immediately, he invited Qian Tong and the others to serve as the Elders of Green Water City!

Qian Tong and the others didn’t intend to agree at first, as Green Mountains Star was just a place for them to attempt to break through and they would sooner or later return to Shadowed Star.

Rashly agreeing to serve as an Elder of a city here would be too irresponsible.

However, after hearing out Green Water City’s City Lord’s entire proposal, learning that he too intended to participate in the Blood Prison Trial and that he wished for them to assist him in exchange for some inside information, Qian Tong and the others thought about it for a while and agreed.

However, they refused to become official Elders and instead decided to accept roles as Guest Elders.

They had also informed Green Water City’s City Lord that they would be leaving Green Mountains Star after the Blood Prison Trial.

Green Water City’s City Lord readily agreed.

This was why they no longer lived at the inn and had settled in a residence arranged for them by Green Water City’s City Lord.

“In the end, we’re outsiders, so this City Lord being wary of us is only natural. As is his desire to win us over, and since he is a native cultivator of Green Mountains Star, he clearly knows a lot more about the Blood Prison Trial than we do, so joining him is beneficial to us as well. It’s essentially an alliance of mutual interests,” Qian Tong said lightly.

“En,” Yang Kai nodded, “That’s reasonable. Having a local on our side at least means we don’t need to bother inquiring about intelligence on our own. Several Seniors can manage affairs as you see fit, just... be careful not to get deceived or used by this Green Water City’s City Lord; after all, it’s difficult to know the true nature of people from just their appearance.”

Qian Tong and the others laughed. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Mo Yu nodded, “Sect Master Yang may rest assured, although Green Water City’s City Lord is shrewd, from our contact with him, his character doesn’t seem to be bad and he should understand propriety in this situation. However, even if he tried to use some sort of scheme, we do not need to fear him.”

“En, this Junior was worrying too much,” Yang Kai nodded. “Good, since several Seniors are all well here, then I can rest assured and leave.”

“How long will it take you to come back?” Qian Tong looked at him solemnly.

“I don’t know, it could be as short as one or two years, possibly as long as three or four years. Hopefully, I can make it back before the Blood Prison Trial so I can join you to see the excitement inside,” Yang Kai grinned.

“That would be for the best. If you are with us, this trial will be much safer,” Qian Tong’s spirit was roused, obviously extremely confident in Yang Kai’s strength.

The others also looked at Yang Kai and smiled, as if wishing him to go and return quickly.

Yang Kai smiled back before turning to Qian Yue and asking, “Do you want to come back to Tong Xuan Realm with me, or will you remain here?”

“Me?” Qian Yue showed a look of hesitation on her face.

She really didn’t know what choice to make.

Tong Xuan Realm was her and Yang Kai’s homeland, so she missed it quite a bit. She had been forced to leave in the past, but now she had an opportunity to return to see the land where she grew up.

However...

While the scenery might have remained the same, the people she wished to see were no longer there.

Everything related to Ice Sect should no longer exist, wiped away to the point where others might not even know Ice Sect once stood there.

“I’ll stay,” Qian Yue’s beautiful eyes gradually became firm and she made a decision, “Everyone I wish to see should be out here in the Star Field already, so going back will only sadden me. Rather, if I remain here, perhaps... perhaps I can inquire about some useful news.”

Yang Kai nodded lightly, not trying to persuade her otherwise.

She had made this choice for clear reasons.

“Then I shall be entrusting Qian Yue to several Seniors,” Yang Kai turned to Qian Tong and the others.

“You can rest assured, no harm will come to her as long as we old masters are here; after all, it seems Origin Kings are rare everywhere,” Qian Tong gave a low laugh. Beneath the Origin King Realm, they were the strongest, and with the five of them joining forces, it was highly unlikely anyone would dare find trouble with them.

“This Mo won’t be wordy then. We wish Sect Master Yang a good journey and a swift return!” Mo Yu said solemnly.

“Sect Master must act carefully along the way,” Yang Xiu Zhu also said to Yang Kai.

Yang Kai nodded.

After knowing that Qian Tong and the others were safe and sound, Yang Kai didn’t delay in Green Water City anymore, setting off the next day for home.

Using his Star Shuttle, Yang Kai left Green Mountains Star and only took out the Starship from the Sealed World Bead once he was a day’s distance away. After setting the course, the Starship quickly sailed off into the Starry Sky.

In the past, Yang Kai boldly ventured into the Star Field with just a Saint Realm cultivation; now, several dozen years had passed, and he could not help wondering what kind of changes had occurred in his homeland.

Yang Kai’s heart pounded as he suddenly felt a sense of nostalgia and anticipation while nearing his home.

This mood only became more obvious over time.

He made the Starship return along the path he had travelled back then, feeling the changes in his mood, allowing all the sweetness and bitterness in his heart to condense and settle.

His state of mind was consolidated without him even realizing it.

Suddenly looking back, he was no longer the little boy he used to be.

Now, he was a powerful Second-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator, an invincible existence under the Origin King Realm, and the Sect Master of High Heaven Sect. On Shadowed Star, his position was akin to beneath one, but above ten million!

Straightening himself up, like a tall spear, Yang Kai wore a proud and resolute expression.

Suddenly, as if he had sensed something, Yang Kai turned his head and looked in a certain direction, releasing his Divine Sense at the same time.

A beautiful scene appeared in his observation.

Several massive stars, each emitting different attributes of energy, were gathered closely together at a certain place in the Starry Sky.

And at the centre of this cluster was a void where something seemed to be calling out to Yang Kai faintly.

Even tens of millions of kilometres away, he could still feel this faint signal.

The Chaotic Abyss!

He had already reached this place. Yang Kai quickly returned to his senses, only then realizing he had lost track of time as he contemplated his old memories.

This place was the first stop Yang Kai made after entering the Star Field.

This was also the most dangerous and unpredictable region of the entire Star Field. In this seemingly peaceful and beautiful area, there was a hidden danger that no one could resist.

Domain Eruptions countless times more terrifying than ordinary Starry Sky Storms could swallow up and shred Starships with ease in this place.

Yang Kai had been swallowed up by one such Domain Eruption and been dragged down to the strange floating continent where he had met Gui Zu and learned all about the excitement and dangers of the Star Field from various masters.

Back then, he hadn’t been able to understand the mysteries of this place, but now that his strength had dramatically improved and his vision and insight had become sharper, he was able to comprehend some things he wasn’t able to before.

The massive amount of energy here was actually able to compress a section of space at its centre, making it impossible to detect under normal circumstances, but every time a Domain Eruption occurred, a door to that compressed space would open.

In the very centre of the Chaotic Abyss was where that small world was hidden!

The floating continent.

Before Yang Kai left the floating continent with Gui Zu and the others, he had left a thread of his Divine Sense behind in a hidden underground chamber.

There was a giant mass of energy in that chamber, and Yang Kai even suspected that it was the floating continent’s Star Source.

At that time, his strength was too low so he didn’t dare to touch it rashly.

Passing by here now, that thread of Divine Sense immediately formed a connection with him, as if calling him to it.

Yang Kai did not respond, however.

Although his current strength was completely different from when he originally came here, he wasn’t arrogant enough to believe he could refine that mass of energy. If a Star Source was so easy to refine, Gui Zu would not have been trapped in that place for two thousand years.

Yang Kai still needed to wait until his strength grew stronger before he could attempt such a feat.

The Starship did not even slow down and soon left the Chaotic Abyss behind as it flew straight towards Tong Xuan Realm.