Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1559, Control

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

As time passed, and as the evolution of the various races continued, this star gradually became colourful and filled with energy. As the major races grew prosperous, the star itself also prospered.

All living beings drew energy from the star unrestrainedly, obtaining various things that were beneficial to themselves.

At some point, however, the star began to grow old.

It no longer had as much energy for the beings to cultivate with, and it no longer had excess energy to give birth to precious and rare cultivation materials.

It began to become barren. It was strong in will but weak in strength, and looking at the countless creatures living on it, it felt helpless.

The prosperity of ancient times gradually faded away and the World Energy aura became thinner and thinner. At the same time, the cultivation realms of cultivators became lower and lower.

No one could sense higher levels of the Heavenly Way and Martial Dao.

It had grown old, like a kind father, a kind mother, who took pains to raise its children, raising them with unconditional love, granting them every request it could without complaint.

However, it could no longer provide any more help to its children.

It had once been youthful and full of vitality, but now, it could barely manage to maintain its feeble existence.

Its children call it Tong Xuan Realm!

.....

Yang Kai woke up from that mysterious state, and his eyes flashed with the vicissitudes of life.

He had witnessed the birth of a Cultivation Star, watched it prosper, weaken, and gradually tread upon the path to death. Like this Cultivation Star, he had seemingly experienced hundreds of millions of years, giving him an indescribable feeling.

Yang Kai’s state of mind and mood received an unprecedented consolidation. At this moment, his understanding of the world had reached an incredible height, just like a wise man who had lived countless years, his eyes flashing with wisdom.

He felt that even if he broke through to the Origin King Realm right now, his mental state would not have a single flaw!

His perception of the Martial Dao and Heavenly Way had now far surpassed his own cultivation!

The improvement of one’s mental state normally required a great accumulation of time and for one to experience the world around them, which happened to coincide with the strange experience Yang Kai just had.

The cultivation of one’s mood and state of mind was ethereal and unexplainable, but it was no doubt real, something each individual had to sense and evaluate independently. Yang Kai had not expected that Little Senior Sister refining the Star Source would let him benefit in such a way.

He wanted to immerse himself in that wonderful atmosphere again, but no matter how he tried, he could not find a way to enter that mysterious state.

This made him sigh a little.

Suddenly, Yang Kai seemed to have noticed something, and his expression sank. Quickly getting up, he rushed over to the edge of the crevice.

He could hear Little Senior Sister’s pained groans coming from down below, as if she was experiencing extreme hardship!

Reaching the edge, Yang Kai only saw the massive swaying grey flames, with Little Senior Sister nowhere to be seen. However, he could still feel that Xia Ning Chang was wrapped in the grey fire, tossing about somewhat violently.

The surrounding World Energy had gathered madly towards the underground cave from the surrounding several hundred-kilometre radii, possibly even further.

It seemed like all of Tong Xuan Realm’s World Energy had become a bit chaotic as a result.

Little Senior Sister’s cultivation realm was increasing at a terrifying speed at this moment.

Originally, she had only been a Second-Order Saint King, but at this moment, she had already reached the peak of the Second-Order Saint King Realm.

A moment later, she directly broke through to the Third-Order Saint King Realm!

This was just the beginning though and her cultivation continued to rise.

Soon it reached the peak Third-Order Saint King Realm and seemed to touch upon the threshold of the Origin Returning Realm!

Yang Kai was thoroughly shocked.

Such unrestrained breakthroughs in one’s cultivation would put a tremendous load on the body of a cultivator, but with Little Senior Sister’s aptitude, this should still be tolerable.

What worried Yang Kai was not this though, but rather it was the surrounding World Energy which... seemed to no longer be rushing towards this place.

The massive amount of World Energy which had gathered before had been consumed by Xia Ning Chang’s breakthrough to the Third-Order Saint King Realm and her attempt to reach the Origin Returning Realm.

Xia Ning Chang’s aura could also now faintly be felt from the massive grey flames, which showed that her fusion with the Star Source was proceeding very smoothly, but it was precisely because of this smoothness that Little Senior Sister was now facing difficulties.

There was no more World Energy for her to break through to the Origin Returning Realm, nor enough aura to receive her World Energy baptism once she did.

This was a breakthrough to a new Great Realm, and there was no room for any mistakes. If this breakthrough failed, with Xia Ning Chang’s current state of integration with Tong Xuan Realm’s Star Source, her fate would likely be miserable.

Yang Kai began worrying silently.

Suddenly, his eyes lit up as he thought up a solution.

If there was not enough World Energy, he could just use Saint Crystals instead! Yang Kai had not used Saint Crystals before when making breakthroughs because Shadowed Star’s World Energy aura was enough to fully meet his needs.

Now that the ambient World Energy of Tong Xuan Realm could not satisfy Little Senior Sister, however, he could simply use Saint Crystals to make up for the shortfall.

Yang Kai stretched out his hand and his ring flashed, after which a massive number of white, shimmering Saint Crystals poured down like rain.

Before these Saint Crystals could reach the bottom of the abyss, they all exploded into dust and released an enormous amount of pure energy which then gathered toward the location of Xia Ning Chang and the huge grey flame.

Xia Ning Chang’s pained moans faded, and the chaotic aura down below began to calm. Even the swaying of the grey flames stabilized noticeably.

Yang Kai smiled happily and poured out more Saint Crystals.

For this long-distance voyage, he had brought a lot of Saint Crystals with him, including all that he had plundered from Thunder Typhoon Sect’s headquarters that day, as well as some of what was in High Heaven Sect’s reserves.

At this moment, these hundreds of millions of Saint Crystals were all thrown into the crevice by Yang Kai.

The World Energy gradually grew richer, and the huge grey flame became vigorous. Little Senior Sister’s aura stabilized, and everything seemed to be developing in a positive direction.

Yang Kai felt Xia Ning Chang’s aura rising rapidly and soon it broke through the shackles of the Third-Order Saint King Realm.

A stunning World Energy baptism followed!

The World Energy transformed from all the Saint Crystals Yang Kai had poured out converged into waves of fiercely surging aura that crashed towards Little Senior Sister like mighty ancient dragons.

A pair of small hands weaved back and forth inside the grey flame, forming a series of profound seals to guide the rush of World Energy from the baptism of breaking through to a new Great Realm to temper her body and spirit.

The whole process was shocking, but without much danger.

After the surging World Energy calmed down, the huge grey flame in the abyss down below suddenly disappeared.

The cave returned to a state of darkness.

However, from the tender body of Little Senior Sister, there was now a faint glow, like that of a goddess descending to the earth, solemn and inviolable.

Yang Kai stood above the abyss, looking at her quietly, dazzled by her in every way.

Little Senior Sister was now a genuine Origin Returning Realm master, and although she was just a First-Order, with Tong Xuan Realm’s Star Source and her Sacred Spirit Medicine Body, her potential was surely unlimited.

Such terrifying potential even eclipsed Yang Kai’s.

He did not feel any sense of inferiority though, he just felt that he needed to work even harder in the future.

Otherwise, it would certainly be embarrassing if one day he was overtaken by his woman.

Little Senior Sister did not move, simply standing mid-air, her eyes closed eyes tightly, a profound look upon her pretty face, seemingly silently comprehending something.

Only after a long time did Xia Ning Chang suddenly open her beautiful eyes, a look of joy at her great harvest flashing across her face as she flew upwards.

Yang Kai smiled, stretched out his hand to hold her, and brought her into his embrace.

“Junior Brother, I seem to have surpassed the Saint King Realm,” Xia Ning Chang said excitedly.

“En, you have indeed,” Yang Kai gently nodded.

“What is this realm called? It gives me a strange but marvellous feeling.”

“The Origin Returning Realm, I too am currently in this realm. When one reaches this realm, their first priority is to condense their Shi. I will explain the process to you a little later when we have more time.”

“En.”

“Let’s head back first. I don’t know how much time has passed, but I’m afraid the people in the Holy Land should be growing somewhat restless by now,” Yang Kai suggested as he tried to lead Xia Ning Chang outside.

“Allow me,” Xia Ning Chang stopped him, with an eager expression on her face.

Yang Kai glanced at her before quickly understanding and gently nodding.

Xia Ning Chang stretched out a finger and tapped the air in front of her.

This gesture was made smoothly and innocently, as if it was simply gently caressing the air.

A vortex suddenly appeared as a result, however.

As soon as this vortex formed, Xia Ning Chang pulled Yang Kai into it.

When the two reappeared, Yang Kai suddenly found that he was already standing in Nine Heavens Holy Land, in front of the cultivation room Xia Ning Chang had been using for her retreat.

In one step, the two of them had crossed nearly a million kilometres!

Even Yang Kai who cultivated the Dao of Space could not achieve something of this level.

“Junior Brother was right, with this Star Source, I feel like I have become the master of this star. With a single thought, I can go to any place and even mobilize the energy of the entire star as I see fit,” Xia Ning Chang explained softly.

“This is the power of a Star Master,” Yang Kai smiled softly, “That’s why those Origin King Realm masters always want to refine Star Sources, because they can gain unimaginable benefits and insights from it. Little Senior Sister, Tong Xuan Realm and you are now inseparable. You are also the first person in history to refine a Star Source at the Saint King Realm. The prosperity or decline of this star in the future is now closely tied to your cultivation. Whether you can rejuvenate our homeland will depend completely on your efforts.”

When Yang Kai said so, Xia Ning Chang suddenly felt a heavy pressure.

It was as if the future of hundreds of millions of creatures on this star were now placed on her delicate shoulders.

But soon, Xia Ning Chang composed herself and nodded firmly, “I will definitely work hard to not let it die.”

“En, let’s go. Many people are waiting for us,” Yang Kai smiled lightly before pulling Xia Ning Chang towards a certain palace.

Yang Kai could sense countless familiar auras from this palace who seemed to be waiting for his arrival.

Inside Nine Heavens Holy Land’s largest meeting hall, the scene was quite crowded.

Representatives from the Human, Demon, and Monster Races had all assembled.

Almost all those of great status from the star were present.

This was an extremely terrifying force. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Although the number of people was large, the scene was actually extremely quiet as many would glance towards the hall’s entrance from time to time, seemingly anticipating someone’s arrival.

There was only one person in Tong Xuan Realm who could gather the masters of the Three Clans together like this and have them wait patiently for him for so many days.

Nine Heavens Holy Land’s Holy Master!