Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1560, Peacemaker

“Simply shameless!” Meng Wu Ya ground his teeth, feeling bitter in his heart as he pounded the arm of his chair angrily.

He thought that Yang Kai and Xia Ning Chang had been spending the recent time lost in the throes of passion and completely forgotten about time.

It had been more than a month since the two of them last appeared, causing the masters from the Human, Demon, and Monster Races to wait for them idly, naturally causing Meng Wu Ya a great deal of embarrassment.

He had raised Xia Ning Chang for so many years and taught her diligently all that time. He was Xia Ning Chang’s only relative in this world.

But now, the moment Yang Kai returned, he had snatched up his treasured apprentice and taken her away from him!

Meng Wu Ya knew that this time there was no turning back. In Xia Ning Chang’s mind in the future, her master would always come second, leaving a bitter taste in his mouth.

The only consolation Meng Wu Ya took in all of this was that his precious disciple’s thirty years of waiting had not been in vain. That little bastard Yang Kai had finally returned.

The whole situation was really quite astonishing, and Meng Wu Ya couldn’t help shaking his head as he reflected upon it, a strange mix of emotions filling his heart.

The Great Seniors of the Monster Race and the Demon Generals of the Demon Race, on the other hand, were currently both occupied with each other. The masters from these two races were sitting opposite one another, their eyes glaring back and forth, making the atmosphere in the hall quite tense and strained.

Although the Three Clans had joined forces once thirty years ago, there had been many small scale conflicts between them over cultivation resources over the past few decades, and the friction between the Monster Race and Demon Race had been the most serious.

Fortunately, both the Monster Race Great Seniors and the Demon Generals understood how to exercise restraint and had not acted personally, otherwise, the conflict would definitely have escalated greatly.

Since it was just the younger generation and lower-level subordinates who were competing with one another, there was still some room for compromise.

The situation could remain calm when the masters from these two races were separated by millions of kilometres, but now that they were all here together in Nine Heavens Holy Land, and after spending many days in boredom, everyone was beginning to feel irritable, and Meng Wu Ya was beginning to have trouble suppressing the tensions between the two groups.

If it were not for him, Ling Tai Xu, and Chu Ling Xiao being present, three top-level Saint Realm masters from the Human Race, these two groups would likely already have begun to fight.

[Such a headache! That bastard boy has completely fallen into a land of tenderness and forgotten about the suffering of us old masters!]

At this moment, Meng Wu Ya scolded Yang Kai in his heart for his impropriety.

It was unknown which Great Senior from the Monster Race or which Demon General from the Demon Race that finally struck the other party’s nerves, but a quarrel eventually broke out. Initially, it was just two people competing with one another, but as the situation intensified, all of the Great Seniors and Demon Generals were drawn in to support their own side.

The situation soon became a bit chaotic.

Finally, Thunder Dragon Great Senior and Demon Commander Zhang Yuan also had to wade into the muddy waters.

“Thunder Dragon, this Senior has been in retreat in recent years, but has not been able to find a suitable opportunity to verify his results, why don’t the two of us take advantage of this rare meeting to compare notes?” Zhang Yuan looked at Thunder Dragon Great Senior with a smile, his eyes filled with an aggressive fighting spirit.

“Sounds good, this King also happened to have some gains over the years and happens to need an opponent to test them on. I’ve long heard that Brother Zhang Yuan’s Profound Heavenly Seal has unparalleled might. Even Brother Meng had suffered a lot as a result of it back then. This King is eager to experience it,” Thunder Dragon grinned back, unafraid.

“Don’t pull this old master into this!” Meng Wu Ya suddenly became disgruntled.

After being hit by Demon Commander Zhang Yuan’s Profound Heavenly Seal, most of Meng Wu Ya’s cultivation had been sealed, and he had to escape to the Great Han Dynasty to avoid calamity. It was the greatest shame of his life.

Although Zhang Yuan had used a powerful Spirit Array back then to help him to defeat Meng Wu Ya, this incident was still the one Meng Wu Ya disliked discussing the most.

Immediately, Thunder Dragon Great Senior and Demon Commander Zhang Yuan became locked in a confrontation. The two of them did not make any big movements, instead choosing to release their Divine Senses to silently compete with one another.

However, this kind of battle was actually far more dangerous than one where fists were being exchanged. One moment of carelessness and both of them could end up seriously wounded, their Souls possibly even being instantly extinguished.

Everyone in the hall understood this and grew solemn, the previous noise gradually subsiding as no one dared to disturb these two, all staring nervously at the master of their respective clan, fearing they might have an accident.

The powerful Divine Senses of two Third-Order Saints soon filled the entire hall, eliciting shock from the surrounding crowd with each violent exchange.

The battle quickly reached a fever pitch, with Thunder Dragon and Zhang Yuan both giving it their all but neither being able to obtain a decisive advantage.

The faces of the masters gradually turned pale as fine sweat began leaking from their foreheads, their Divine Sense conflict growing ever more dangerous.

Meng Wu Ya and the other masters present all wore solemn, ugly expressions.

None of them could intervene anymore and could only wait quietly for the outcome of the battle between Thunder Dragon and Zhang Yuan to be decided, but from the current situation, the most likely outcome would be both of them suffering a loss.

Once that happened, however, the tensions between the two races would only escalate, a result the Human masters here wanted to see the least.

“Where is Yang Kai?” Ling Tai Xu asked anxiously.

Meng Wu Ya shook his head as he truly didn’t know. He had gone to the cultivation room Xia Ning Chang was using a few days ago, but did not find any trace of Yang Kai or his Treasured Apprentice. No one knew where these two had gone now.

“The situation is deteriorating,” Soaring Heaven Sect’s Sect Master Chu Ling Xiao frowned. Things developing like this was somewhat unexpected. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

At that moment though, a hearty laugh rang out from the entrance.

“It’s so lively here, when did the fighting start?”

As soon as this voice rang out, a pair of silhouettes appeared outside the door and Yang Kai and Xia Ning Chang, in her customary veil, walked in together.

Everyone was attracted by this voice and when they looked over they couldn’t help feeling a bit startled.

Many here had heard of Yang Kai’s return, but they were still doubtful until they saw him at this moment.

Meng Wu Ya’s eyes were attracted to Xia Ning Chang instantly as he narrowed them somewhat suspiciously. He felt that after this past month, his Treasured Apprentice had undergone some kind of intangible change, making her seem innately loftier and extra-mundane...

“Little Martial Nephew!” A soft voice called out as a pretty shadow rushed out from the hall and landed directly in front of Yang Kai. Smiling as she looked him up and down, she began nodding in approval and said, “Good, I’ve not seen you in a few dozen years but you’ve already become much more attractive as a man. Even Martial Aunt’s heart is fluttering a bit.”

Yang Kai’s face turned pitch-black as he subconsciously glanced over at Xia Ning Chang before coughing and saying with some embarrassment, “Martial Aunt, can’t you act a bit more dignified?”

His Martial Aunt, Fei Yu, heard this and immediately did the opposite, casting him a flirtatious and amorous gaze.

She had come here together with Chu Ling Xiao after receiving the news from Nine Heavens Holy Land that Yang Kai had returned.

Now that they had just met, Fei Yu had instantly begun toying with him.

Although feeling somewhat awkward, Yang Kai more-so felt warm-hearted. When he lived with his Martial Aunt Fei Yu in Soaring Heaven Sect, she had always acted free-spiritedly, often lying on the ground with her clothing in chaos after getting dead drunk, not putting up the slightest guard against him.

After several dozen years, seeing his Martial Aunt still acting the same, Yang Kai suddenly felt like he had gone back in time.

“Your Martial Aunt is still a full flower at the height of her youth!” Fei Yu snorted before smiling brightly and saying, “Cang Yan, Li Wan and Fei Jian are all here too together with Martial Ancestor!”

Saying so, she gestured towards the hall.

Yang Kai gently nodded, stepped forward, and said a few words with Cang Yan and his other Martial Uncles before arriving in front of Chu Ling Xiao and solemnly bowing, “Disciple Yang Kai, greets Martial Ancestor. Disciple apologizes for having made Martial Ancestor wait.”

“It’s okay, no need to be so polite,” Chu Ling Xiao nodded happily, releasing his Divine Sense to sweep Yang Kai but quickly discovering that just as Ling Tai Xu and the others had said, Yang Kai’s current cultivation had become unfathomable to the point that he could not sense anything about it.

Perceiving this, Chu Ling Xiao only smiled more heartily, “Yes, very good, very good! Sure enough, you’ve broken through the limits of this world. This old master is proud of you, in the future, it seems the important task of promoting the Sect must be handed over to you!”

“Martial Ancestor is too kind, disciple still has many shortcomings and will need more guidance from Martial Ancestor and Grand Master.”

“Good boy,” Chu Ling Xiao laughed happily as he and Ling Tai Xu exchanged a glance, both of them feeling heartened.

“Martial Ancestor, please wait a moment, it seems these two friends have gotten a bit hot-tempered. Disciple will first act as a peacemaker for them,” Yang Kai grinned and turned to look at Thunder Dragon Great Senior and Demon Commander Zhang Yuan who were still competing with their Divine Senses.

“Be careful not to injure them,” Ling Tai Xu urged quickly.

“Rest assured Grand Master, no harm will come to them,” Yang Kai said confidently before releasing his own Divine Sense into the air.

The others in the hall didn’t dare interfere in the Divine Sense competition of two Third-Order Saints, but to Yang Kai, this kind of fight was no different from a pair of children playing with one another.

A slight whoosh sounded from mid-air before Thunder Dragon and Zhang Yuan’s figures both trembled. At that moment, they felt that their entangled Divine Senses had just been separated by a pair of giant invisible hands.

This kind of force made them feel extremely powerless as they were unable to put up the slightest resistance!

*Hong...*

A burst of light appeared and Thunder Dragon and Zhang Yuan were both forced back several steps before they could stabilize their posture, after which both of them turned extremely shocked looks towards Yang Kai.

He had separated them with complete ease.

“You two, while it was wrong of me to keep you waiting, en, I encountered something unexpected and it took longer to resolve than expected, but you don’t need to become so aggressive every time you meet, do you?” Yang Kai looked at the two with a smile.

Thunder Dragon took a deep breath, as if he hadn’t yet calmed his fluctuating mood, hesitated for a moment, then cupped his fists and said, “Excuse me.”

Zhang Yuan was not a hot-tempered youth, so seeing Thunder Dragon take the lead, he immediately laughed and followed up, “Many thanks, Holy Master Yang. If I have caused any offence, please forgive me.”

“En, that’s better, we all live under the same blue sky, so why always fight whenever we meet?” Yang Kai gently nodded, very satisfied with the attitude of the two. Turning around and seeing so many people standing in place, staring at him strangely, Yang Kai waved his hand and, “Please have a seat. I’ve called all of you here today because I have something I wish to discuss with you.”

“Haha, after hearing that Holy Master Yang had returned, this Senior travelled night and day to reach the Holy Land from the Demon Capital as quickly as possible, but I wonder what kind of important matter Holy Master Yang has summoned all of us here to discuss? Since the masters from all three races are here, presumably whatever Holy Master Yang wants to say is not trivial, yes?” Zhang Yuan seemed to ask casually, but there was a deep dread lingering the depths of his eyes.

Just now, when Yang Kai separated him and Thunder Dragon, although Zhang Yuan was not able to sense much, he could tell that the current Yang Kai was not someone he could compare with.