Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1567, Commotion At The Gate

Not far from Shimmering Moon City gate, in a certain teahouse.

The location of this shop was good; one could see all the cultivators coming and going from the city gate. Yang Kai had already spent several days at this teahouse without seeing any trace of the maidservants from the palace.

On this day, just as he was sipping tea to pass the time, a commotion suddenly arose at the gate.

The cultivators who were waiting in line to enter the city suddenly separated to the sides of the road, as if they were giving way to some important figure. There were also shouts coming from the crowd and Yang Kai vaguely heard someone yelling, ‘They are here”.

[Have the maidservants from the palace finally arrived?] Yang Kai immediately thought.

The commotion at the city gate also reached the teahouse and the cultivators inside quickly began walking out and gathering on the street. It didn’t take long before the spacious street was filled with people, all of them staring towards the city gate.

Although there were many people, they were all practically silent.

Yang Kai also walked out of the teahouse, mixed into the crowd, and stared towards the city gate with a look of expectation, hoping he would find a suitable candidate to accept his request to deliver a message.

The earth trembled slightly due to vibrations conveyed from afar, as if thousands of troops were marching towards here.

Yang Kai frowned at this as he realized that things seemed a little different from what he thought; After all, if it was just a group of maidservants coming out to purchase supplies, there wouldn’t be this much of a commotion.

What’s more, since these maidservants came once every month, the residents of Shimmering Moon City shouldn’t be surprised by their arrival or be gathering around out of curiosity.

Realizing this, Yang Kai felt a little disappointed. It seemed that the maidservant group wasn’t coming today.

However, he was still quite curious about who it was that had come to Shimmering Moon City to attract so many onlookers.

A short while later, a majestic wolf-shaped Monster Beast charged in from outside. Atop this Monster Beast, there was a Monster Race cultivator that Yang Kai was familiar with.

“Make way, make way!” The Monster Race cultivator rode into Shimmering Moon City and yelled loudly, waving a long whip in his hand to disperse the crowd on the streets further.

Following closely behind him, more than a dozen wolf-shaped Monster Beasts appeared. Each of these Monster Beasts was mounted by a Monster Race cultivator and all of them quickly began clearing out the crowds together with their leader.

[Aren’t they the Monster Race team I asked for directions a few days ago?] Yang Kai looked at the lead cultivator and quickly recalled.

“Friend, which Great Sir has come to Shimmering Moon City? Why is such a fuss being raised?” A questioning voice suddenly came from the side. Obviously, the owner of this voice was also confused and was asking others for information.

“I don’t know,” The person being questioned answered faintly, apparently also in the dark.

“You don’t know who is coming yet you still came out here to see them?” The questioner asked unhappily.

“I just came to take a look without knowing, aren’t you the same?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Ah, en...”

Just as everyone was feeling confused and whispering amongst themselves, two giant heads suddenly entered the city gate. These two heads had large, single horns atop their head and were covered in dark coloured scales which looked particularly hard. Snake-like eyes exuding cold light glanced around the crowd, causing many to shudder in fear.

“Those are...” A knowledgeable person immediately exclaimed as he saw through the origins of these two Monster Beasts.

The full picture of these two Monster Beasts quickly appeared before everyone’s eyes. Aside from their giant heads, these two Monster Beasts also had large wings on their backs and their bodies were covered in large dragon-like scales. Long tails flicked about behind them, seemingly containing explosive power.

“Ninth-Order Thunder Flame Flying Lizard Monster Beasts!”

Not all Monster Beasts had the ability to assume human form. Some Monster Beasts would maintain a beast form throughout their lives, and this Ninth-Order Thunder Flame Flying Lizard was obviously one of them. Amongst Ninth-Order Monster Beasts, it was a famous existence. Born proficient in both Thunder and Fire Attributes, with a violent and cruel temper, even Second-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivators who encountered them would have no choice but to flee.

There weren’t many masters who were capable of subduing this type of Monster Beast.

But now, these two Thunder Flame Flying Lizards had been reduced to beasts of burden. They were bound by their necks and their reins extended behind them to a luxuriously decorated carriage that was slowly entering Shimmering Moon City.

This carriage was very extremely ornate, and as its wheels turned, a faint jingle could be heard coming from it that was quite pleasing to the ear.

The carriage had an open top with no doors or windows, only some pink curtains hung around it. It seemed that the owner of this carriage enjoyed being seen and noticed by onlookers.

There were three people in this carriage, but almost everyone’s eyes focused on a single one at this moment.

A man in white robes and a face like a jade carving sat on the soft couch of the carriage, the casual yet luxurious and majestic air around him unconsciously made those who saw him feel inferior.

At first glance, most would only think that this man was particularly handsome, but the more one stared, the more they became transfixed.

His eyes had a divine light to them that seemed to exude a peculiar power. Any woman who met eyes with him would begin to lose herself in them, like moths to a flickering flame, anxious to recklessly throw themselves at him.

A stunning woman was laying her head on the man’s lap as he used his delicate hand to stroke her luscious black hair. The woman’s eyes were slightly squinted, revealing a look of extreme enjoyment, as if she were a pet that was basking in its owner’s caress.

Another woman was lying in the arms of the man, with the same dazzled look on her pretty face, a faint pink hue radiating from her skin as she panted slightly, her red lips shining with an amorous light.

Although he was being watched by countless people, the man still smiled lightly, his eyes filled with a kind of wicked light that was capable of bewitching any woman he gazed upon, setting their heart aflame and drawing them in to offer their entire beings to him.

“I know who he is, he’s Young Master Wicked Eyes! It’s Thousand Eyes Tribal Lord’s Young Lord Mi Tian!” An exclamation came from the crowd, revealing the lofty identity of the man sitting on the carriage.

Many people recognized him in fact.

The complexions of all the men present changed drastically as the look in their eyes as they stared towards Mi Tian quickly went from curiosity to dread.

This couldn’t be helped, Young Master Wicked Eyes Mi Tian’s reputation on Monster Emperor Star was really too terrifying. It was rumoured that even if the number of women who had died at his hands wasn’t a thousand, it was at least eight hundred. Worse, these women weren’t taken by force but offered their lives to him willingly.

It was said that Mi Tian had cultivated some kind of Secret Technique that resembled gathering Yin to supplement Yang, and that any woman who spent the evening with him, no matter how outstanding, would be dead by morning.

Even so, there was still no lack of women who rushed to accept Mi Tian’s embrace.

The most hateful thing about this Mi Tian was that ​​whether they were Human or Monster Race women, he accepted them all.

With so many women having fallen prey to him, generally, no matter where Mi Tian went, men would not allow their women to come out and show their faces and would try their best to avoid having their lovers and relatives meet him.

No one had heard that Mi Tian would be coming to Shimmering Moon City though, so no one had taken precautions. If they had known earlier, they would have avoided him like a viper rather than gathering around to greet him.

But now, with these two Ninth-Order Thunder Flame Flying Lizards present, and Mi Tian already before their eyes, how could they do that?

It was all over! Many cultivators looked towards their women and saw looks of admiration and desire as they stared at Mi Tian. Seeing this, these men wished they could rush up and shred Mi Tian’s corpse into ten thousand pieces.

But these were just their secret desires.

Without even mentioning that Mi Tian was a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master, with few worthy to be his opponent, his two Ninth-Order Monster Beasts were also not to be provoked easily.

Most importantly, there was a huge backer behind Mi Tian.

Thousand Eyes Tribal Lord!

With the father being a true Origin King Realm master, who would dare attack his son? Thousand Eyes Tribal Lord doted upon his son greatly, there was no other explanation for him giving Mi Tian two Thunder Flame Flying Lizards just to pull his carriage.

Standing in the crowd, Yang Kai also learned the identity of this man from the exclamations and discussions of the people around him; however, he couldn’t help feeling the situation was a bit strange. Why would the Thousand Eyes Tribal Lord’s favoured son come to Red Moon Territory?

As far as Yang Kai knew, the relationship between the Ten Great Tribal Lords on Monster Emperor Star was not very harmonious.

However, Yang Kai merely found this curious and didn’t think too deeply about it. After learning that the person who caused the commotion was not the group of maidservants he was waiting for, Yang Kai’s interest in watching faded completely.

The look on Young Master Wicked Eyes also annoyed Yang Kai, it was a natural kind of arrogance that seemed to proclaim that all women in the world belonged to him.

Yang Kai wanted to turn around and leave, but after emerging from his own thoughts, he was immediately stunned.

All the cultivators, who were originally standing on both sides of the street, were now down on one knee at the moment in order to respectfully welcome Mi Tian into the city.

When Yang Kai turned his head and looked around, his brows furrowed.

He suddenly discovered that he was like a crane amongst chickens...

There were countless onlookers present, but all of them were half kneeling on the ground right now, with only Yang Kai standing around in a daze.

Mi Tian glanced over and tilted his head up slightly at this sight. Even though he was just sitting on his carriage, staring down disdainfully at Yang Kai from above, his eyes seemed to emit an oppressive aura.

“Bold!” An angry shout came from the side as one of the Monster Race cultivators who was riding a wolf-shaped Monster Beast that had led Mi Tian into the city brought his mount in front of Yang Kai and waved his long riding whip as he reproved, “Why have you not kneeled yet!”

Saying so, he advanced towards Yang Kai, as if he wanted to teach him a lesson.

Yang Kai just stared back at him indifferently though.

The Monster Race cultivator was stunned as he suddenly recognized Yang Kai’s face. [Wasn’t this the human who had asked me for directions the other day?]

At that time, he had felt this human was somewhat unfathomable...