Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1568, You Dare Refuse To Kneel?

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Thinking so, the Monster Race cultivator slightly shook his wrist and the whip he originally sent straight towards Yang Kai deviated slightly, hitting the air and making a loud cracking sound.

Since he could not figure out Yang Kai’s depths, he didn’t dare to act rashly. On the other hand, he needed to maintain Young Lord Mi Tian’s face; after all, all the Monster Race masters here had knelt down to salute Mi Tian, ​​but a trivial human actually remained standing. This was unacceptable.

This was a naked display of contempt towards Mi Tian as well as an insult to the Monster Race as a whole.

As such, this Monster Race cultivator was at a loss for a moment, not knowing what to do, quickly turning his eyes to Mi Tian for help.

“Human, you’re quite bold. You dare refuse to kneel in the presence of this Young Lord?” Mi Tian smiled softly, seemingly harmless to humans and animals alike, but everyone could clearly hear the contempt in his words.

Mi Tian’s distinguished status and superb strength gave him the qualifications to act this way though.

[This human boy’s fate would surely be miserable!] Many cultivators thought so and some could not help directing looks of sympathy towards Yang Kai.

Most in the crowd, however, were just taking pleasure in another’s misfortune. With Yang Kai attracting Mi Tian’s attention, perhaps even the notorious Young Master Wicked Eyes would not have any extra energy to pay attention to the various beautiful women in Shimmering Moon City.

Thinking so, many people felt grateful to Yang Kai and quietly pressed down the heads of the beautiful women next to them to prevent them from revealing their faces.

“Kneel?” Yang Kai chuckled, undauntedly meeting eyes with Mi Tian and asking, “Why?”

[This shameless Monster Race boy actually wants me to kneel?] Yang Kai had rarely heard such wild words.

In all honesty, Yang Kai didn’t want to stir up trouble on Monster Emperor Star, so if Mi Tian pretended not to see him and simply let this incident pass, things would have been fine, but now that conflict seemed inevitable, Yang Kai was naturally not going to back down.

“Because you’re human!” Mi Tian sneered, releasing an aggressive air, “Humans must kneel down when they see this Young Lord!”

As if feeling their master’s anger, the Thunder Flame Flying Lizards pulling the carriage became violent and turned their gazes towards Yang Kai while spraying hot air from their nostrils, their eyes filling with a bloodthirsty and cruel light.

The complexions of the people around Yang Kai changed drastically, and without hesitation, all of them scattered away, not daring to remain close to him, fearing that after the city gate caught fire, the fish in the moat would be affected.

In an instant, with Yang Kai as its centre, a hundred-metre radius had become free of all others.

Yang Kai became more and more conspicuous.

“Human, on Monster Emperor Star, you’d better not act so presumptuous, otherwise you’ll pay a heavy price!” Mi Tian looked at Yang Kai indifferently. Even the two stunning women who were fawning on Mi Tian glared at Yang Kai, as if blaming him for his rudeness.

“Monster Emperor Star is my Monster Race’s territory, as for you humans... En, it’s best if you humans keep your heads lowered and remain obedient. However, this Young Lord is not a petty man. Since this is your first offence, I can treat it as if I never saw anything. Kneel down and this Young Lord will spare your life!” Mi Tian pointed his finger downwards and declared in an imposing manner.

“And if I don’t?” Yang Kai’s eyes flashed a cold light as he stared back at Mi Tian with a smile.

“You have no choice!” Mi Tian coldly snorted.

As soon as he spoke these words, the Thunder Flame Flying Lizard on the left suddenly opened its jaw and a ball of flames wrapped in arcs of lightning shot out towards Yang Kai.

Feeling the horrific killing power of this thunder-fireball, many cultivators were shocked.

Although most of them had heard about the terrible power of Thunder Flame Flying Lizards before, few had seen one with their own eyes. Today was an eye-opening experience for them.

No wonder Second-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivators had no choice but to flee when they encountered a Thunder Flame Flying Lizard. This thunder-fireball alone could not be resisted by ordinary Origin Returning Realm masters.

As the terrifying thunder-fireball rushed towards his face, Yang Kai simply stood in place, as if unaware of the approaching danger. It was not until the thunder-fireball was right in front of him that he lifted his hand and grabbed towards it.

[Courting death!] Many cultivators who saw this scene had such thoughts in their hearts.

The attack of a Thunder Flame Flying Lizard was not so easily dealt with. It seemed there was something wrong with this boy’s head, trying to take this attack head-on with nothing but his body. No wonder he dared challenge Mi Tian.

A shocking scene appeared next, however.

When Yang Kai hand grasped the thunder-fireball, instead of him being directly burned to ashes as everyone expected, the thunder-fireball froze in place.

An extremely mysterious force burst forth at that instant, and in a flash, as if it was somehow being deflated, the terrifying thunder-fireball shrank at an extremely rapid pace until it finally disappeared.

Yang Kai stood in place, completely unharmed.

Gasps sounded from all around.

Mi Tian also finally sat up, pushing the woman who was half lying on his lap out of the way as a look of interest flashed across his eyes.

“Not bad, a Second-Order Origin Returning Realm!” Mi Tian grinned, revealing a mouthful of white teeth, “No wonder you dare act so rampant, it turns out you have some small skill!”

The moment Yang Kai acted, Mi Tian was able to detect Yang Kai’s cultivation.

The Second-Order Origin Returning Realm was not weak on Monster Emperor Star, not to mention that this boy was a human!

Monster Emperor Star was dominated by the Monster Race, and although there were abundant materials and World Energy here, Origin Realm masters rarely emerged among humans, as those with high aptitude were generally strangled in the cradle.

The Monster Race wouldn’t allow Human Race masters to rise up. They allow humans to survive because they fancied the unique talents of the Human Race, but how could they permit the Human Race an opportunity to oppose the Monster Race’s hegemony?

So, after realizing that Yang Kai was a Second-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator, Mi Tian suddenly became interested. Standing up on his carriage, he waved his hand and coldly ordered, “Kill him!”

The two Ninth-Order Monster Beasts immediately became violent as they stood upright, opened their mouths, and gathered flame and lightning in preparation to attack.

A panic ensued at the city gates as most of the cultivators gathered quickly fled.

Yang Kai let out a defiant laugh as he shouted, “Two mere beasts dare act wild before me!”

Golden light flashed, and under the control of Yang Kai’s Divine Sense, two Golden Blood Threads shot out like arrows towards the Thunder Flame Flying Lizards.

Two pillars of fire spurted from the mouths of the Thunder Flame Flying Lizards, greeting the Golden Blood Threads head-on; however, these flame jets were unable to even impede the speed of the Golden Blood Thread’s charge. The flames which caused everyone else to pale in fright were actually unable to even damage the Golden Blood Threads.

In the blink of an eye, the Golden Blood Threads shot into the Thunder Flame Flying Lizards’ mouths.

The next moment, the two Ninth-Order Monster Beasts roared as their massive bodies swayed from side to side, colliding with and collapsing all the nearby buildings.

The Golden Blood Threads which had rushed into their abdomens were still under Yang Kai’s control and were now wantonly cutting into these two beasts’ bodies, causing unimaginable damage and pain to them.

Yang Kai did not remain idle either as his figure flickered and rushed out, instantly arriving in the air above one of the Thunder Flame Flying Lizard’s heads and sending out a punch.

This punch seemed like a casual strike without any hidden power and mystery behind it.

But when this fist hit the head of the Thunder Flame Flying Lizard, it was as if the huge Monster Beast had been struck by a ten-ton hammer. First, its skull distorted from the blow, then it crashed to the ground like a falling meteor.

The entire city felt as if it shook from the impact!

A big crater immediately appeared in the ground as the head of the Thunder Flame Flying Lizard sunk into it.

Worthy of a Ninth-Order Monster Beast, however, even after its insides were torn up by a Golden Blood Thread and its head was smashed by Yang Kai, it still had not died. On the contrary, it only grew fiercer, and with a thunderous roar, it spread its large wings and flapped hard, trying to escape from Yang Kai’s range.

Yang Kai’s figure flickered again and arrived directly in front of the Thunder Flame Flying Lizard, planting his feet on its lower jaws while lifting his hands up towards the sky, holding up the upper palate of the Thunder Flame Flying Lizard’s giant maw.

“What is he doing?” The onlookers were all stunned as they gawked at Yang Kai in shock.

From his posture, it looked as if he wanted to rip this Ninth-Order Monster Beast in half, but the tiny body of a human formed a sharp contrast with the giant mouth of the Thunder Flame Flying Lizard.

No one doubted this Thunder Flame Flying Lizard could swallow down this human boy whole.

Yang Kai’s body was bent like a shrimp, and his exposed muscles were clearly bulging out, as if exerting an unimaginable strength.

He and Thunder Flame Flying Lizard were now having a simple competition of strength.

Everyone thought Yang Kai was crazy.

It was well known that in terms of physical strength, the Monster Race was born with a decisive advantage, not to mention a huge Ninth-Order Monster Beast such as this Thunder Flame Flying Lizard. In particular, the bite force of the Thunder Flame Flying Lizard was truly astonishing.

Yang Kai taking the initiative to enter this Monster Beast’s mouth was nothing short of challenging the Thunder Flame Flying Lizard’s greatest strength.

Was there something wrong with this guy’s head? Many people could not help wondering to themselves.

However, the results of this contest came quickly and were completely beyond everyone’s predictions. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Just as the crowd was suspecting if Yang Kai had some kind of mental issues, his bent body suddenly straightened up.

In an astonishing burst of strength, the giant mouth of the Thunder Flame Flying Lizard failed to stop Yang Kai’s body from uncurling.

The huge jaw curved unnaturally before suddenly its upper half flew up while its lower half crashed to the ground.

*Ci la...*

With blood splattering through the air, the Thunder Flame Flying Lizard’s head split in two, its muscles and tendons pulled apart by an unstoppable force right before everyone’s eyes.

The audience went silent as they all stared sluggishly at Yang Kai, as if their heads could not keep up with what their eyes were seeing.

If someone said that Yang Kai was a Monster Race master renowned for his physical strength, this scene might be explainable, but... he was just a human!

Can humans really have such terrifying power?

*Hong...*

With a loud thud, the Thunder Flame Flying Lizard’s huge body fell to the ground, kicking up a cloud of dust.

Yang Kai stood mid-air, covered in blood, an astonishing murderous aura pulsing from his body, like a god of slaughter from ancient times, causing all who saw him to shudder.

Turning his head to the other Thunder Flame Flying Lizard that was currently rushing over towards him, Yang Kai grinned menacingly.

Although this Thunder Flame Flying Lizard was unable to assume human form, its sentience wasn’t low, so when it saw its companion killed by this human in such a brutal and unbelievable way, how could it dare get any closer?

With a low growl from its throat, this beast beat its wings violently, trying to stop itself from advancing.