Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1573, Successful Refinement

This was the first time that Xia Ning Chang had refined a pill which formed Pill Clouds. If she was successful, her Alchemy skills would grow by leaps and bounds, and with her Special Constitution, this time’s Alchemy would no doubt provide her with some special insights that would allow her to make great strides in her comprehension of the Martial Dao and Heavenly Way.

The insights and experience she would gain this time were of great significance to Little Senior Sister.

Yang Kai attached more importance to this than anything else, so he had spread his Divine Sense out to cover the entire inn and prevent anyone from engaging in mischief.

Fortunately, with masters like Ba He and Ma Ge Na presiding over the situation, and with so many Monster Race Origin Realm cultivators standing guard, no one dared stir up trouble.

“The medicinal fragrance is growing even richer, it seems the refinement is about to finish!”

“Just what kind of pill is being refined? How could just sniffing this medicinal fragrance loosen my bottleneck slightly?”

The surrounding cultivators were still discussing amongst themselves, but no one was able to guess just what kind of pill was being refined.

At this moment, the swirling vortex high up in the sky suddenly changed again, as if an inexplicable attraction came from the inn, madly pulling in the condensed World Energy.

The huge vortex spun rapidly as it stretched downwards into the shape of a funnel.

Just half a cup of tea’s worth of time later, the whirlpool disappeared and the World Energy which had gathered disappeared without a trace. Even the medicinal fragrance that had lingered in the air rapidly faded away.

Inside the inn, everything was silent.

Was it a success? Or was it a failure?

Countless cultivators craned their necks and stared around, wanting to know what the final result was of the Alchemy the Grandmaster inside the inn had just completed.

They didn’t know if this Grandmaster was old or young, male or female, but inexplicably, everyone in the crowd was looking forward to the Alchemy being successful and couldn’t help feeling somewhat nervous.

Not only were the ordinary cultivators feeling so, Ma Ge Na, Ba He, and Mi Tian were too. Even if they behaved calmly, the light in their eyes gave away their true thoughts.

Only Yang Kai, after a moment of silently probing, smiled lightly.

The refinement was successful!

With Little Senior Sister’s talent in Alchemy, under the condition that she was not disturbed, it was only natural she would succeed; however, now she would need some time to sort through all the insights and perceptions she had gained.

Yang Kai did not clarify the situation to the crowd and instead just focused on standing guard while waiting.

One day passed, two days passed...

Many cultivators who had come to simply watch the excitement couldn’t bear the boredom that ensued while waiting for the results, so they quietly dispersed, leaving behind only the masters who were somehow, somewhat related to this matter.

Ba He turned his gaze to Yang Kai from time to time, as if hoping to glean some clues from his manner, but to his disappointment, Yang Kai’s expression remained unreadable. Unable to infer anything, Ba He could only wait patiently.

In a flash, five days went by.

There was still no movement inside the inn.

No matter who it was, they would become impatient after waiting for so long.

“Enough!” Mi Tian shouted suddenly, “It seems the Alchemist inside the inn failed and no longer dares to come out to meet us. Senior Ma Ge Na, order your men to capture this person immediately.”

“Capture? Capture who?” Yang Kai narrowed his eyes at him and sternly declared, “Who dares!”

Mi Tian sneered and said, “Human, where do you think you are? Do you still think you can decide what happens here? Senior Ma Ge Na, this person is so presumptuous, not even putting you in his eyes at all, if you don’t take action, this Young Lord will take this opportunity to settle his previous grievances with him.”

Ma Ge Na frowned, not knowing what he should do in this situation, unconsciously glancing towards Ba He for advice.

Seeing this, Ba He just faintly said, “Even if this Grandmaster failed this refinement, being able to create such a grand disturbance by simply performing Alchemy clearly demonstrates incredible skill. Lady Tribal Lord appreciates such talents the most.”

Hearing this, Ma Ge Na suddenly came back to his senses and nodded firmly, “What Sir Ba He said is right. This City Lord has never met anyone who can cause such a phenomenon by performing Alchemy. This talent must be brought to Lady Tribal Lord unharmed.”

Just as everyone was conversing, however, the light sound of footsteps suddenly came from the inn.

Everyone’s expression changed as they quickly cast their gazes towards the source of this sound.

A smile came to Yang Kai’s face as he walked over quickly.

A moment later, a beautiful form with a graceful figure stepped out of the inn. This woman had a slender waist and flawless jade-white skin that was both delicate and supple.

Mi Tian originally had a lot of hostility towards the so-called Grandmaster in the inn, even wishing he could kill him quickly and be done with it, but when he saw this figure, he was startled and his eyes instantly began scrutinizing her.

As the Young Lord of Thousand Eyes Tribal Lord, he was born with a lofty status and because of his special cultivation art, Mi Tian had no shortage of women and beauties around him from both the Monster and Human Race.

However, when he saw this figure, his eyes couldn’t help lighting up.

Just her figure was this enchanting, so Mi Tian really wanted to know what her face would look like.

Moving his gaze up, Mi Tian couldn’t help but frown.

This woman actually covered her face with a black veil, making him unable to see her true continence; however, her clear and flawless eyes, like the purest gems in the world, instantly drew his attention.

This woman’s white forehead was also dotted with a small sapphire which further emphasized her beauty.

[Pure!] This was Mi Tian’s first impression of Xia Ning Chang.

Her purity was like that of a clear mountain stream, igniting a fire in Mi Tian’s heart and making him strongly desire to tarnish her, dyeing her in his colours.

Examining it again, Mi Tian suddenly discovered that the black veil covering her face no longer looked objectionable, but instead added a layer of cleanness to her already pure air, taking it to an even higher level.

Without this veil to obscure her face, this pure beauty would actually have less appeal. It was precisely because they could not see her true appearance that she could make those who gazed upon her even more interested.

Mi Tian’s interest was aroused and a faint smile appeared at the corner of his lips while a wicked light flashed across his eyes.

“I’m sorry, Junior Brother!” Xia Ning Chang looked a little nervous and apologized softly.

When she was performing Alchemy, she had noticed some movement outside the inn, but with her attention completely focused on her refinement she did not pay any attention to this commotion. It wasn’t until she had finished her Alchemy that she realized what had happened.

Refining this pill had created such a massive disturbance so it was only natural for so many people to have gathered around out of curiosity.

Now, seeing so many people outside, and Yang Kai standing before all of them, she immediately understood how much pressure he had endured for her during her Alchemy.

“Don’t say such things, it’s thanks to Senior Sister that we will soon be able to enter the palace,” Yang Kai grinned, taking her little hand and leading her over to Ba He.

The corner of Mi Tian’s eyes twitched as the gaze he directed at Yang Kai became more and more hostile.

It was as if something he decided was his had been touched by someone else!

“A woman?” Ma Ge Na was dumbfounded.

When Xia Ning Chang appeared, the Monster Race masters standing guard were stunned.

None of them had expected that the Alchemy Grandmaster in the inn was actually a woman, and such a beautiful, pure, and young woman at that!

In their imagination, anyone who can become a respected Alchemy Grandmaster would be an old man with grey hair. How could they not be stunned when reality turned out so different from their imagination?

Ma Ge Na could hardly believe his eyes and unconsciously turned to Ba He for confirmation.

“There’s no need for doubt, she is the Grandmaster, en, she came here together with this human boy,” Ba He said lightly.

Hearing this, Ma Ge Na became convinced and quickly took two steps forward, cupped his fists, and said, “Shimmering Moon City’s City Lord, Ma Ge Na, greets Grandmaster! Grandmaster has laboured diligently!”

On his face, he wore the friendliest smile he could manage.

Xia Ning Chang was slightly flurried at first but soon calmed down and replied with an elegant bow, “Sir City Lord is too polite, the title of Grandmaster is something this young woman is unworthy of!”

The sound of her voice was clear and sweet, dazzling countless Monster Race cultivators.

So pure, with such a pleasant voice, and highly proficient in Alchemy, such a human... regardless of the differences in status between the two races, such a woman was worthy of pursuing with reckless abandon.

Unfortunately... looking at Yang Kai holding Xia Ning Chang’s little hand, every Monster Race male couldn’t help spraying jealous light from their eyes, like sharp arrows they hoped could riddle Yang Kai full of holes to soothe the hatred in their hearts.

Xia Ning Chang’s humility made Ma Ge Na laugh and hurriedly say, “Right, young lady, let me introduce to you the first master of my Monster Race below the Origin King Realm... En, he was also once the first general under Red Moon Tribal, Sir Ba He!”

“Greetings, Senior Ba He,” Xia Ning Chang bowed once more.

Ba He chuckled and said, “Young lady need not be so deferent, it was this old master’s honour to witness such a grand event.”

He still needed to ask Xia Ning Chang for help, so he didn’t dare assume too arrogant a tone.

“This is the Young Master of Thousand Eyes Tribal Lord, Young Lord Mi Tian,” Ma Ge Na next pointed to Mi Tian and offered introductions.

Mi Tian took a step forward and put on a harmless smile as he politely said, “Mi Tian being able to bear witness to this young lady’s presence is truly his good fortune.”

Xia Ning Chang gently nodded, not giving more of a reply.

She didn’t know why, but she felt that although this Mi Tian acted perfectly in front of her, she couldn’t help feeling somewhat vigilant of him.

Yang Kai simply sneered to the side.

“Young lady, the pill you refined a few days ago, was the refinement...” Ma Ge Na looked at Xia Ning Chang with a look of expectation, wondering if she had been successful or not. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ba He also focused his attention on her.

Xia Ning Chang frowned and turned to Yang Kai for guidance.

She didn’t want to show the results of her labour to everyone here.

“Show them, whether we can enter the palace or not depends on that pill,” Yang Kai whispered in her ear, his affectionate behaviour causing Little Senior Sister’s tender body to tremble slightly as a pink hue dyed her delicate earlobes.

However, since Yang Kai had said so, she did not try to conceal it anymore, lifting her little hand and summoning a jade bottle into her palm.

Yang Kai picked up the jade bottle, didn’t even look at it, and threw it to Ba He directly, “The pill is inside, please have a look for yourself, Senior.”

Ba He’s expression turned serious as he carefully held the jade bottle, slowly opened it, and poured out the pill inside.

When the pill appeared, Ba He couldn’t help but exclaim, “Pill Clouds!”