Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1574, Half-Moon Mountain

These two small words shook everyone who heard them to their core.

Ma Ge Na’s eyes almost popped out of their sockets as he stared straight at the pill.

On the surface of this pill, there was a thick layer of clouds which seemed to be rich in aura.

These were indeed Pill Clouds, there was no need to doubt it. Although none of the Monster Race masters present had ever seen a pill that formed Pill Clouds before, the moment they laid eyes on this pill, they immediately recognized that it possessed the legendary Pill Clouds!

The surrounding World Energy was slowly and steadily gathering towards this pill as well, providing further proof.

If given enough time, the medicinal efficacies contained in this pill would reach an extremely terrifying height; of course, that would take an extraordinary number of years to achieve.

Even so, such a pill’s value was already inestimable.

“Sir Ba He, is this an Origin Grade pill?” Ma Ge Na leaned forward and asked with a trembling voice.

“En, it is indeed an Origin Grade pill!” Ba He nodded the shock on his face not having diminished at all. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The higher the grade of the pill, the harder it was for it to form things like Pill Veins and Pill Clouds. If an excellent Alchemist was lucky enough, they might be able to rarely refine Low-Grade pills, such as Earth-Grade, that formed Pill Veins or Pill Clouds.

However, Ba He had never heard of any Alchemist who could refine an Origin Grade pill that formed Pill Veins, let alone Pill Clouds which were superior to Pill Veins.

This was a feat that not even the best human Alchemist on Monster Emperor Star could achieve, and that Grandmaster was an Origin Grade High-Rank Alchemist!

How high must this woman’s attainments in Alchemy be? Was this just a lucky coincidence or was it a reflection of her true skill that she was able to refine an Origin Grade pill that formed Pill Clouds!

Ba He was shocked to the extreme.

It was only now that he finally understood that the previous phenomenon which had appeared was not due to some extremely high-grade pill being refined, but rather because a pill that formed Pill Clouds had been refined. This was far more valuable than a mere High-Grade pill!

It could be said that because she was capable of refining such a pill, this human woman had the capital to look down upon all of Monster Emperor Star.

She was more than deserved the title of Grandmaster!

Ba He looked in awe towards Xia Ning Chang for a while before solemnly saying to Ma Ge Na, “Moreover, this is an Origin Condensing Pill!”

Ma Ge Na drew a sharp breath.

The Origin Condensing Pill was only an Origin Grade Low-Rank pill, but the difficulty of refining it exceeded even some Origin Grade Mid-Rank pills because this pill could help a cultivator break through their bottleneck to reach the Origin Returning Realm.

With such an Origin Condensing Pill, it could be said that any Third-Order Saint King could break through to the Origin Returning Realm without any hindrance or worrying about failure.

“So this Grandmaster is at least an Origin Grade Mid-Rank Alchemist?” Ma Ge Na asked breathlessly.

“I cannot judge...” Ba He didn’t dare to make any assumptions as he carefully put the pill back into the jade bottle and then into his Space Ring, “No matter what, this Grandmaster must be escorted to the palace safely, you should understand what to do!”

“Sir Ba He may rest assured; I understand what must be done!” Ma Ge Na nodded solemnly.

Lady Tribal Lord had been actively recruiting special talents from the Human Race for so many years and this woman was her absolute favourite type, so how could Ma Ge Na not pay special attention to her?

After confirming the grade and value of this pill, Ma Ge Na’s attitude towards Xia Ning Chang became even more respectful and he strongly invited Xia Ning Chang to rest in the City Lord’s Mansion.

Xia Ning Chang felt quite aggrieved at this moment.

The first pill she had ever refined that formed Pill Clouds had been silently taken away by this Monster Race master.

Yang Kai had to comfort her for a while before her mood finally improved.

Yang Kai naturally understood the intentions behind Ma Ge Na inviting them to the City Lord’s Mansion, so he stepped up and agreed in Xia Ning Chang’s place.

Ma Ge Na realized from this that Yang Kai was the one who spoke for Xia Ning Chang, so out of respect for her, his attitude towards Yang Kai also changed dramatically, completely glossing over all the trouble he had caused previously in Shimmering Moon City and enthusiastically inviting the Senior Sister and Junior Brother pair to his residence so he could properly entertain them.

Mi Tian also naturally entered the City Lord’s Mansion together with them.

As the Young Lord of Thousand Eyes Tribal Lord, he should have been the focus of everyone’s attention no matter where he went, but for this trip to Shimmering Moon City, his limelight was completely stolen by Xia Ning Chang.

Regarding this though, Mi Tian was neither jealous nor angry; after all, this beautiful woman would sooner or later be his, so he wouldn’t care about the small things now.

He took it for granted!

Yang Kai and Xia Ning Chang spent the next two days at the City Lord’s Mansion.

Over the past two days, Yang Kai and Xia Ning Chang stayed in their courtyard and discussed the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture together.

After refining an Origin Condensing Pill that formed Pill Clouds, Xia Ning Chang’s insights on the Alchemic Way had truly improved by leaps and bounds, even allowing Yang Kai to benefit greatly from their discussion.

Two days later, Ma Ge Na personally came to inform Yang Kai and Xia Ning Chang that everything had been prepared and they were only waiting for the two of them before setting off to the palace of Lady Tribal Lord.

Yang Kai and Xia Ning Chang didn’t delay and happily followed Ma Ge Na out of the City Lord’s Mansion.

Outside, more than thirty Origin Returning Realm masters were waiting in formation, all of them wearing solemn expressions, as if they would soon be headed to some great battle.

In truth, they were only responsible for escorting Xia Ning Chang safely to the palace.

For a talent like Xia Ning Chang, Ma Ge Na had spared no effort and directly assigned most of the masters in Shimmering Moon City to her escort.

Together with masters like Ba He and Mi Tian, it was highly unlikely anyone would be blind enough to provoke this group.

Ma Ge Na had prepared a gorgeous carriage for Xia Ning Chang as well, and although the two Monster Beasts pulling it weren’t on par with Mi Tian’s two Thunder Flame Flying Lizards, ​​they were still powerful Eighth-Order Monster Beasts.

Facing Ma Ge Na’s fervent requests, Xia Ning Chang reluctantly boarded this carriage. A group of a dozen wolf-riding guards cleared the way forward, followed by more than a dozen Origin Returning Realm masters while the rest were arranged to the sides of the carriage. More guards were responsible for patrolling around and keeping miscellaneous people away as this grand procession departed from Shimmering Moon City.

Although with the cultivation level of these people, it would have been faster to use Star Shuttles, in order to emphasize Xia Ning Chang’s importance, Ma Ge Na had still put on such a big show.

Borrowing her limelight, Yang Kai sat on the carriage together with Xia Ning Chang.

It wasn’t that he wanted to show off, but Little Senior Sister seemed quite uncomfortable by herself as she was not used to receiving such opulent treatment.

In the end, Yang Kai could only accompany her to keep her calm.

Mi Tian rode a wolf-shaped Monster Beast behind the carriage, with his eyes almost spitting fire.

Such an outstanding woman could only be matched with him, and while this human called Yang Kai had good combat strength, he was still just a lowly human.

The intimacy of the two on the carriage almost blinded Mi Tian’s eyes...

[Just you wait, sooner or later this Young Lord will settle accounts with you for killing his two Monster Beasts!] Mi Tian spat in his heart.

The whole journey was calm and uneventful. This was Red Moon Territory, and Shimmering Moon City’s City Lord had personally brought a large number of Origin Returning Realm masters to escort a human Alchemy Grandmaster to the palace. After this news spread out, no Monster Race cultivator dared come make trouble.

The speed of the carriage was extremely fast, almost comparable to flying.

After just five days of travel, a large group of majestic buildings appeared in the distance.

There were many palaces and pavilions with the main palace of the Red Moon Tribal Lord being constructed atop a grand mountain. From the bottom of the mountain all the way up, one could see smaller, neatly arranged palaces and facilities linked by wide passageways.

This was Half-Moon Mountain, the residence of Red Moon Tribal Lord!

In the eyes of all Monster Race cultivators who lived in Red Moon Territory, this was a holy land where their glorious leader, Lady Chi Yue, lived year-round.

Yang Kai stood on the carriage as he stared ahead profoundly.

“Is Sister Qing Luo over there?” Xia Ning Chang asked softly.

“She should be,” Yang Kai gently nodded.

“I wonder how she is now, she must be even more beautiful than before,” Xia Ning Chang murmured.

She had naturally met Shan Qing Luo many times before, and although that was back in the Central Capital many years ago, this seductive woman had still left a deep impression on her.

Xia Ning Chang had never met such an enchanting woman before and even she couldn’t help finding herself attracted by her charms.

It was as if Shan Qing Luo was born to mesmerize, and Xia Ning Chang doubted if there was any man in this world who would not be bewitched by her.

“You’ll know soon enough,” Yang Kai patted the back of Xia Ning Chang’s hand as he embraced her waist and lightly flew down from the carriage.

“Lady Chi Yue’s palace is truly extraordinary, this Young Lord has long wished to lay eyes upon it and it certainly does not disappoint,” Mi Tian avoided looking at the intimacy between Yang Kai and Xia Ning Chang so as not to fill his heart with anger and instead chose to focus on the palace before them.

“Let’s go, we’ll have to walk from here. Lady Tribal Lord should have already received news of our arrival so someone will definitely come to meet us,” Ma Ge Na waved his hand and ordered the other Monster Race masters to remain here and wait before leading Yang Kai and the others forward.

Red Moon Tribal Lord had indeed received the news long ago and there was a group of people waiting at the foot of the mountain.

When Ma Ge Na and the others arrived here, the lead Monster Race cultivator who was waiting gave Xia Ning Chang a faint glance before gently nodding, “Many thanks for your hard work. Lady Tribal Lord has commanded that for the merit of escorting this Grandmaster to the palace, Ma Ge Na will receive a rich reward in the future. For now, however, please rest at the palace’s guest accommodations.”

Ma Ge Na smiled widely and quickly offered his thanks.

The lead cultivator nodded lightly before suddenly turning his gaze to Ba He and shouting, “Seize him!”

Suddenly, several Monster Race cultivators appeared from all directions and rushed towards Ba He. Ba He just stood there and did not put up any resistance, allowing the Monster Race masters to shackle him and seal his Saint Qi.

“It’s been so long, Dong Shi, but I see you’re still as merciless as always!” Ba He smiled.

“You, on the other hand, have become far more shameless, this time you won’t walk out of Half-Moon Mountain alive again!” The Monster Race cultivator called Dong Shi coldly snorted.

“Whether I can live or not will be up to Lady Tribal Lord to decide. Dong Shi, you and I have known each other for so many years, so I’ll be counting on you to put in a good word for me later.”

“In your dreams!” Dong Shi snorted at him, “But you can rest assured, as long as Lady Tribal Lord orders your death, I will personally send you on the road.”

“You really are ruthless.”