Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1575, So He’s Just A Boy Toy

Ba He had been detained! This result stunned Yang Kai, but seeing Ba He’s confident look, Yang Kai estimated that he didn’t have to worry about his life.

Mi Tian was also warmly entertained while Yang Kai and Xia Ning Chang were escorted into Half-Moon Mountain by a Monster Race woman, walking along a well-maintained mountain road towards the summit.

It was impossible to tell what lineage of Monster Beast the Monster Race woman walking in the front descended from, but despite her petite frame, she seemed to possess incredible vigour and strength. She had a First-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivation and her two ears were cat-like, short, and delicate.

Yang Kai was not surprised by such sights and instead focused on taking in the scenery of Red Moon Territory’s holy land.

The surrounding World Energy was extremely rich, indicating that a high-quality Earth Vein should be running beneath Half-Moon Mountain, otherwise it would not be able to satisfy the large number of Monster Race cultivators living here.

“Miss, are we going to see Lady Chi Yue now?” Yang Kai asked after some time.

“Lady Tribal Lord has many important matters to attend to, so she won’t be receiving you immediately, that responsibility has been given to someone else,” The Monster Race woman in front didn’t look back as she replied lightly.

“Understood,” Yang Kai nodded, not asking any more questions.

Although Xia Ning Chang’s performance in Shimmering Moon City was shocking, Chi Yue was one of the Ten Great Tribal Lords and an Origin King Realm master, so not welcoming Xia Ning Chang personally was only to be expected.

However, Chi Yue would not show any disrespect to Xia Ning Chang either, so she should have arranged for someone of high status and competence to receive Xia Ning Chang.

Yang Kai only wanted to look for that Enchantress, Shan Qing Luo, so whether he could meet Chi Yue or not did not matter to him. In fact, not seeing Chi Yue might even be better. After all, facing an Origin King still meant a great deal of pressure for Yang Kai.

Hearing the Monster Race woman escorting them say that someone else would be greeting them allowed Yang Kai to relax.

As they followed this woman, Yang Kai was considering how he should find and contact Shan Qing Luo.

In this kind of place, he did not dare to use his Divine Sense too presumptuously as doing so would most likely cause trouble.

After walking for about half an hour, the Monster Race woman brought Yang Kai and Xia Ning Chang to a magnificent palace and walked straight in.

Inside the palace, within a spacious and brightly lit hall, many Monster Race cultivators were lined up on both sides as they curiously looked towards the door.

They had all received news about a human who refined a pill that formed Pill Clouds in Shimmering Moon City and that City Lord Ma Ge Na would soon be escorting her to the palace to enter Lady Tribal Lord’s service.

Everyone was naturally curious about what kind of human possessed such amazing Alchemy skills.

Sitting at the head of the hall were two Third-Order Origin Returning Realm masters.

The one on the left was a burly man that had an imposing and terrifying look to him.

The one on the right had beautiful features and seemed to exude an infinite charm. She was naturally gorgeous, but sitting next to this gruff man only increased her appeal. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Many of the Monster Race cultivators waiting down below would glance towards this woman from time to time, but all would soon turn away as they were afraid of being caught in her charms and staring unconsciously.

Currently, the brawny iron tower of a man on the left was fidgeting noticeably, looking slightly uncomfortable, obviously somewhat impatient with the current situation.

On the contrary, the woman on the right had a slightly furrowed brow as a look of confusion filled her face. Her beautiful eyes were cast towards the outside of the hall, as if she was trying to peer through space.

As time passed, the woman’s expression began to change, gradually filling with delight and excitement. Her originally lazily sitting figure straightened up and her tender body could not help trembling slightly.

Her beautiful eyes flashed with amazing brilliance and she bit her luscious red lips lightly as an expectant look appeared on her pretty face accompanied by a slight smile.

The many Monster Race masters below were instantly captivated by this scene and felt their hearts begin to pound as their mouths dried up.

They had never seen this woman smile like this before and it instantly caused all the colour in the world to drain away. For a moment, none of them could resist the temptation brought out by this smile and all of them couldn’t wait to lose themselves in it, even if that meant never being able to emerge from the darkness and see light again, they would not hesitate.

A series of loud snorts echoed in the hall in the next instant as many of the Monster Race masters noticed something was wrong and hurriedly circulated their Saint Qi to stabilize their minds, some even causing themselves harm to quickly extricate themselves from their daze.

If they were to lose themselves any further, they would really be unable to save themselves!

A walking disaster! The adopted daughter of Lady Tribal Lord was an immense source of trouble! Even the most famous fox-race woman from the Monster Race was not as enrapturing as this woman.

She was just a human, so why were her charms so overwhelming? Many Monster Race masters could not understand no matter how they puzzle over this issue.

Not even the greatest of the Monster Race’s younger generation were worthy of her.

“Why haven’t they come yet? Uncle here can’t stand all this waiting!” A thunderous shout suddenly sounded inside the hall, completely shaking free the hearts of the still somewhat dazzled Monster Race cultivators, all of whom raised their heads to look at the burly man seated next to the charming woman.

This big man seemed to be sitting on pins and needles, rubbing his palms together as he turned his head to the coquettish woman next to him, putting on a flattering appearance, then asking with an ugly smile, “Little sister, how about you wait here and let big brother go attend to some other business?”

The coquettish woman glanced over at him, pursed her lips and chuckled as she said, “Yu Xiong, this duty was given to us directly by Adoptive Mother. The one coming here is an Alchemy Grandmaster, so our etiquette cannot be lacking. If you escape now, once Adoptive Mother finds out, Little Sister won’t put in a good word for you.”

“Ahem...” Yu Xiong smiled awkwardly, a chill running up his back as he thought about how terrifying his adoptive mother was when she was angry, his tall and sturdy body seemingly shrinking a bit as he waved his hand, “I was just making a casual suggestion, don’t take it seriously, okay!?”

As soon as Yu Xiong’s words fell, a Monster Race woman walked in from outside and gave an elegant bow before lightly saying, “Masters, I’ve brought our honoured guests!”

“Finally!” Yu Xiong snorted coldly, an unhappy look on his face, “Father here must see if this Alchemy Grandmaster is really capable or if she’s like the previous ones who are just after fame and status. Don’t blame father here for tearing her to pieces if so.”

Because Chi Yue attached great importance to humans with special talents, many humans in Red Moon Territory dreamed of entering Lady Tribal Lord’s service and living on Half-Moon Mountain.

However, most of these people were obviously not capable and only knew how to boast about their skills while trying to hide their incompetence. Without exception, these people were brutally killed by Yu Xiong.

So this time, Yu Xiong didn’t have much hope there was really a human who was capable of refining an Origin Grade pill that formed Pill Clouds. He figured it was just Shimmering Moon City’s City Lord wanting to reap some profits by making up an elaborate story.

“Show them in!” The bewitching woman next to Yu Xiong suppressed her excitement as best as possible as she ordered.

“Yes!” The Monster Race woman nodded before turning to look back at the door to the hall and beckoning.

A man and a woman, walking side by side, entered immediately after. The man was stalwart, and the woman was delicate and petite, the two of them gazing around the hall randomly but soon fixing on the beautiful woman.

Yang Kai grinned at this sight while Xia Ning Chang also pursed her lips and giggled.

The tender body of the enchanting woman sitting up ahead also trembled slightly as a faint trace of mist began covering her beautiful eyes. Fortunately, she had impeccable temperament and managed to not lose control in front of this crowd.

After taking a few deep breaths, she calmed down her pounding heart and lifted her delicate chin slightly, directing her mesmerizing eyes towards Yang Kai, a complicated mix of love and hate flashing across their depths unbeknownst to anyone else in the hall as she ground her teeth slightly.

“Masters, these are the two guests,” The Monster Race woman reported back.

“Hey, wasn’t there only supposed to be a woman Alchemy Grandmaster? Why is he here?” Yu Xiong looked at Yang Kai curiously.

The Monster Race woman replied, “These two seem to be Senior Sister and Junior Brother, so they came here together.”

“So he’s just a boy toy!” Yu Xiong sneered, “Father here despises this kind of person the most.”

He subconsciously regarded Yang Kai as a useless man who had latched onto and was leeching off Xia Ning Chang.

Yang Kai did not care about Yu Xiong’s evaluation as all his focus was directed towards the beauty in front of him, a playful smile filling his face. As if she could not stand the aggressive and unflinching gaze of Yang Kai, the enchantress shot him a wicked look, her beautiful eyes filling with the meaning of rebuke.

This scene was not missed by the massive crowd...

“Bold human, why are you not bowing down?” From both sides of the hall, many Monster Race masters began angrily shouting.

Red Moon Territory had sent out so many people and even had two highly respected masters receive this pair which was more than enough face for an unproven Alchemy Grandmaster, but upon first meeting, these two humans actually just refused to show the slightest hint of humility.

These two standing in the hall motionlessly seemed to say they did not take anyone here seriously.

Without Lady Tribal Lord’s recognition, all humans were just trash! Only the Monster Race reigned supreme here.

What angered the Monster Race masters the most though was that since the hall, the boy toy had been staring at their Young Lady without blinking, as if he wanted to eat her alive.

The audacity!

Even if their Young Lady was incredibly charming, a trivial human could not be allowed to act so presumptuously and blaspheme her so.

Many Monster Race masters were glaring at Yang Kai at this moment.

“Hey, you little shit. Where do you think you’re staring at!?” Yu Xiong also found that something was wrong, got up immediately, and glared at Yang Kai viciously, “You think Father here won’t dig out your eyes if you keep staring?”

“Human, there are some in this world you cannot lay eyes on lightly, especially when you’re just a boy toy!” A Monster Race master ridiculed from the side.

This human boy was simply too much! Although the woman next to him had her face covered, it was obvious just from her figure and the tone of her skin that she was a rare beauty, yet this boy toy wasn’t satisfied with her and actually dared to covet their Young Lady, it was simply unacceptable!

This human race woman must also be blind, choosing such a loose man to accompany her. Such an excellent Alchemy Grandmaster could only be paired with the young elites of the Monster Race.