Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1614, A Sect Master Lower Than an Elder

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai was also confused at the moment as he observed this young man curiously.

From the reactions of everyone around, Yang Kai had already figured out that this young man’s background was not trivial. This so-called Senior Wu Dao was obviously an Origin King Realm master.

If this wasn’t the case, the crowd would not have had such an exaggerated reaction.

However, why was this person trying to help him? Moreover, Yang Kai somehow felt that this young man was a bit familiar, as if he had met him somewhere before.

“Friend, I’ve paid back the favour I owe you from the Blood Prison. From now on, we don’t have any debts between us,” The youth grinned at Yang Kai.

Hearing what he said, Yang Kai suddenly remembered!

He really had met this young man before, he was one of the thirty or so people who had retreated from Domain Stone Mountain at that time! Before leaving, he had faintly nodded to express his gratitude to Yang Kai.

There were too many people at that time who had made such a gesture though, so Yang Kai had not paid it much mind.

It seemed the so called favour was referring to this. Yang Kai finally understood.

The other party was obviously thanking him for his warning at that time, which had turned out to be life saving advice.

[This person is rather interesting.] Yang Kai smiled and politely cupped his fists as he reported his name, “Yang Kai!”

“Xu Bin Bai!” The young man replied.

Yang Kai gently nodded while faintly sensing that this young man wasn’t simple. This had nothing to do with him having an Origin King Realm master behind him, more like he himself was special.

This was purely intuition without any basis at all.

But Yang Kai trusted his instincts!

Nevertheless, the two didn’t have any kind of deep friendship or grudge, so Yang Kai didn’t pay him too much mind. Just as he was about to leave with Lin Yu Rao, however, the surrounding World Energy suddenly trembled, as if it was pounded by a giant hammer, sending powerful vibrations out across a vast area and causing everyone’s expressions to change dramatically.

Soon, a mysterious energy emerged from a distant place and pierced everyone’s hearts like a sharp sword.

Yang Kai frowned as he turned to look in the direction this force came from.

Xu Bin Bai also showed a look of surprise, but quickly thinking of something, his expression changed sharply.

“Someone is going to try to break through to the Origin King Realm!” Someone suddenly sounded.

These words immediately broke the surrounding silence.

Everyone turned to look at the speaker in unison with amazement.

“Is that true?”

“En, this is definitely a precursor to someone breaking through to the Origin King Realm. This old master had the honour to witness such a breakthrough before, and although that was many years ago, that memory is still fresh in this old master’s mind. This feeling is exactly the same as the one from that year. There is definitely someone who wants to break through to the Origin King Realm!” The person who spoke explained eloquently.

“It must be some master who emerged from the Blood Prison just now. It seems this person had significant gains in the Blood Prison and decided to make a breakthrough as soon as he came out.”

“The Blood Prison is really a good place and this person’s luck is also quite good.”

“Why are we all just standing around here? We need to hurry up and watch the excitement. The breakthrough of an Origin King isn’t something that can be seen casually. I really want to know who it is that had such good luck.”

The breakthrough of a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master was generally carefully prepared for. The Sect they belonged to would support this breakthrough with everything it had, opening its Sect Defending Array while also deploying all its disciples to stand guard and ensure that the one breaking through was not disturbed.

Those who didn’t have a Sect would invite trusted relatives and friends to protect them while they broke through in a hidden or safe location.

Few people failed to make perfect preparations.

Therefore, the breakthrough of an Origin King was extremely difficult to witness.

But right now, there was a master in the middle of nowhere who was about to try to make a breakthrough.

This person had obviously not made full preparations and acted hastily.

This kind of good show was something one could rarely see even once in thousands of years.

How could the countless cultivators outside the Blood Prison miss such a good opportunity? By observing and emulating the breakthrough of an Origin King Realm master, they could gain a great deal of experience as well as perhaps learning something about Domain, benefits that would last them a lifetime.

As such, after understanding the truth of this matter, the cultivators gathered outside the Blood Prison summoned their Star Shuttles one after another and flew off to seek this unknown master.

“Sect Master!” Lin Yu Rao’s pretty face turned pale as her tender body trembled slightly.

“What’s wrong?” Yang Kai frowned when he realized that she was not looking right.

“If I’m not mistaken, the one trying to break through... should be Qian Tong!” Lin Yu Rao quickly said.

“What?” Yang Kai was shocked, his expression suddenly turning solemn, “Are you certain it’s really Elder Qian?”

“At least eighty percent!” Lin Yu Rao bit her red lip, “The reason Elder Qian didn’t wait for you here was that he felt his Qi swelling up and showing signs of a breakthrough, so he quickly left hoping to find a secluded place to break through, but now... it seems he was too late.”

“Let’s go!” Yang Kai immediately realized the seriousness of the problem. If the person who was breaking through was indeed Qian Tong, then the current situation was far from ideal.

Outside the Blood Prison, there were at least a thousand cultivators with about seventy or eighty percent of them being Origin Realm masters. At this moment, all of these outside cultivators were rushing towards the place where Qian Tong was trying to break through, and if they were to disturb him in some way, it might cause his breakthrough to fail. At best, Qian Tong would suffer serious wounds while at worst, he would die on the spot.

Yang Kai didn’t know what kind of scene would appear during a breakthrough to the Origin King Realm, but inferring from his breakthrough to the Origin Returning Realm, it would definitely not be simple. The World Energy baptism that was surely to come would be a huge test for Qian Tong, one that others could absolutely not be permitted to interfere with.

Unexpectedly, it was Qian Tong who crossed this threshold first! Yang Kai felt somewhat surprised.

After all, when he separated from them at Domain Stone Mountain, Qian Tong showed no signs of breaking through. It seemed like Qian Tong had another significant opportunity over the past few days.

Yang Kai’s speed was incredible even without using a Star Shuttle. A pair of almost transparent wings appeared behind him and the sound of roaring wind and thunder resounded as he shot forward, overtaking cultivator after cultivator. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Suddenly, Yang Kai sensed something and turned his head to the side.

Not far away, a figure was moving at a pace on par with his own, and noticing Yang Kai’s gaze, this person turned his head and smiled at him.

Xu Bin Bai! This guy really wasn’t simple, not only able to keep up with his speed but doing so in an obviously relaxed manner.

“Brother Yang, your wings are quite impressive,” Xu Bin Bai glanced at the Wind and Thunder Wings behind Yang Kai and a hint of appreciation flashed across his eyes.

Every time these wings flapped, Yang Kai’s body would make a great leap forward, one Xu Bin Bai had to use significant effort to keep up with.

“You as well!” Yang Kai nodded lightly.

“To each their own,” Xu Bin Bai smiled slightly and asked thoughtfully. “Brother Yang, is the reason you’re acting so anxious because the person trying to break through is related to you?”

“En, that person is indeed related to me!” Yang Kai was in no mood to chat so he simply answered directly.

“Oh? Then this Xu will offer his congratulations to Brother Yang. The addition of an Origin King to a Sect is a very big event. If you have use of this Xu in the coming moments, Brother Yang just needs to ask.”

Yang Kai’s eyes lit up hearing this and quickly cupped his fists, “Then I shall thank Brother Xu in advance.”

The other party being willing to help was naturally a great boon. Even though Yang Kai did not know how strong an Origin King Wu Dao was, it could be seen from everyone’s attitude towards Xu Bin Bai before that even amongst Origin Kings, his Master Wu Dao was extremely powerful.

Taking advantage of such a fierce tiger’s name would make things far more convenient.

By the time their chat ended, they had already arrived at their destination and Yang Kai fell to the ground with a loud crash like a meteor next to a few people.

The next moment, Xu Bin Bai landed lightly nearby.

“Sect Master, you’re here!” Yang Xiu Zhu and Chu Han Yi saw Yang Kai arrive and their expressions brightened as they quickly saluted.

Mo Yu also nodded lightly while Zhao Tian Ze stepped forward to greet Yang Kai.

Looking around and seeing that everyone he knew was safe, Yang Kai let out a sigh of relief before asking in a deep voice, “Is it Elder Qian?”

“En!” Chu Han Yi frowned, “It happened so suddenly that all of us were caught off guard!”

They obviously also understood the seriousness of the problem. Breaking through here was not a good thing and had turned what should be a happy event into a troublesome one.

Zhao Tian Ze smiled bitterly, “Originally, this old master was going to take Elder Qian to a place five hundred thousand kilometres away. There’s an isolated region there that few travel through and the World Energy is also rich enough, but...”

“It’s not your fault,” Yang Kai frowned, “By the way, City Lord Zhao, what did Elder Qian encounter that allowed him to suddenly achieve a breakthrough?”

“We didn’t encounter anything in particular, it’s just that after separating from you, Elder Qian broke into a few Domain Vortices and seemed to gain a great deal from them,” Zhao Tian Ze replied respectfully.

“So that’s how it is!” Yang Kai nodded gently.

Everyone who had come with Yang Kai to Green Mountains Star had been stuck at the peak of the Third-Order Origin Returning Realm for many years and all had the qualifications to attempt to reach the Origin King Realm. All they were lacking was a greater comprehension of Shi and the appropriate opportunity.

As long as they could condense their Shi to the grand accomplishment stage, they could attempt a breakthrough.

Qian Tong clearly met this requirement.

This was his opportunity and fate!

As Yang Kai’s group was talking, more and more cultivators rushed to this place while around Qian Tong, the World Energy became more and more violent. There was also a mysterious power which was permeating throughout the surroundings. At first this power spread out slowly, but in the blink of an eye it had suddenly expanded greatly.

Qian Tong’s Shi!

Within a range of several thousand metres, winds roared and small tornadoes formed one after another, sealing off the region entirely while creating a violent and shocking display.

Qian Tong’s Shi had indeed reached the grand accomplishment stage and he had successfully integrated his own unique power into it.

“Sure enough, there is someone trying to break through to the Origin King Realm!” A cultivator who arrived here shouted as many stared wide-eyes towards this scene, all of them hoping to get closer and see it more clearly.

Some people actually passed by the location where Yang Kai and his group were standing and approached very closely to try to comprehend the many mysteries which were swirling about.

These were Qian Tong’s insights into the mysteries of the Origin King Realm. When he was breaking through, these insights would diffuse outwards without reservation and were extremely attractive to any Origin Returning Realm master.

Yang Kai’s face sank and he quickly flew up into the air, cupped his fists to those below, and shouted loudly, “Everyone, please don’t get too close so as not to disturb the concentration of this Yang’s Senior!”

The cultivators who had approached closely, however, just snorted disdainfully towards Yang Kai, not caring about him at all.