Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1615, It’s Him

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Being able to observe the breakthrough of an Origin King was a one in ten thousand year event, something rarer than the Blood Prison Trial opening, so how could these people give up this opportunity just because of Yang Kai’s request?

All of them couldn’t wait to get even closer!

“If everyone could give this Yang a little face, this Yang would be extremely grateful!” Yang Kai was extremely annoyed and wanted to use force to deter these people, but out of concern for Qian Tong’s breakthrough, he had to suppress his anger and act politely.

“What the hell do you count for? Us standing here is not interfering with anything, much less making trouble. This isn’t your house, so you have no right to tell us what we can do,” Someone yelled in dissatisfaction.

“That is right, a trivial Second-Order Origin Returning Realm boy dares try to tell us what to do? You’d best hope this old master doesn’t come over there and waste you!”

“Young man, you should watch your tongue, this isn’t a place you can speak freely.”

Many people mocked him while the rest simply didn’t take him seriously.

Yang Kai’s face went ashen!

“Everyone, while another is trying to break through, isn’t it inappropriate for you to run over and disturb them? One day, when you are all trying to break through, how would you like it if this Xu ran over to bother you?” Xu Bin Bai grinned meaningfully, his voice not loud but still clearly reaching everyone’s ear.

“Little brat, who do you think you are?”

“Young people nowadays really don’t know how to respect their elders, mouthing off so unscrupulously will only cause you to suffer a big loss sooner or later!”

“You’re courting death, that guy is Senior Wu Dao’s disciple! Do you dare speak to him like that?”

Not everyone knew about Xu Bin Bai’s origins, but someone who had overheard the conversation between Xu Bin Bai and the Imperial Spirit Pavilion Elder outside the Blood Prison earlier and knew his identity quickly warned his companion in a low voice.

“What? Senior Wu Dao’s disciple? Are you sure?”

“It can’t be, it’s said that Senior Wu Dao hasn’t shown up for hundreds of years, when did he take a disciple?”

“Believe what you want, just don’t blame me for not warning you when you suffer the consequences later.”

“Ah... it’s true, look at that pattern on his chest. That’s clearly Senior Wu Dao’s three-petal emblem! Only those closest to Senior Wu Dao are eligible to wear it.”

“Heavens, Senior Wu Dao’s disciple! This young man’s achievements in the future will certainly be limitless.”

“Could it be fake?”

“Who would dare fake such an emblem? Wouldn’t that be asking for death?”

“So he really is Senior Wu Dao’s disciple...”

After learning the identity of Xu Bin Bai, the cultivators who had been acting so arrogantly before and weren’t taking Yang Kai seriously became gloomy, regretting that they had been rude just now and spoken up before confirming their opponent’s background first.

Xu Bin Bai just chuckled lightly, “What’s more, this friend will soon break through to the Origin King Realm. If you dare act presumptuously here, aren’t you worried he will try to find trouble with you after he succeeds?”

As soon as this statement came out, everyone paled greatly!

While Xu Bin Bai’s identity made these people cautious, this sentence truly frightened them.

They just wanted to watch the excitement out of curiosity and to reap some benefits, but they had failed to consider the ramifications until after Xu Bin Bai reminded them.

Someone here would soon break through to the Origin King Realm. If their breakthrough failed, there wouldn’t be anything to worry about as this would likely result in this person’s soul being extinguished under the violent World Energy baptism, but if this person succeeded and became a true Origin King, would he let them off after they caused trouble for him during such a critical moment?

Continuing to remain here to observe and emulate would lead them to a dead end in that case!

At this point, all the cultivators who were cursing Yang Kai earlier turned to Xu Bin Bai and cupped their fists, “Many thanks for this friend’s reminder!”

Saying so, they began to withdraw quickly while wearing awkward smiles and nodding to Yang Kai, “This little brother, this one was simply hot-blooded a moment ago and meant no offence, please don’t mind!”

Others also laughed and apologized.

Yang Kai’s complexion cleared up and he nodded gently, “Everyone is too polite. This Yang was also a bit presumptuous a moment ago. As long as everyone stands a little further away and does not affect the breakthrough of this Yang’s Senior, this Yang will naturally not interfere.”

“Good, good, good, many thanks, Little Brother.”

The tense scene relaxed invisibly as all the cultivators who were standing close backed off on their own initiative.

Yang Xiu Zhu, Chu Han Yi, and the others secretly wiped cold sweat from their brows.

Yang Kai landed and nodded lightly to Xu Bin Bai while saying gratefully, “Many thanks Brother Xu for your assistance, this Yang will not forget this favour.”

“It was nothing, Brother Yang doesn’t need to worry,” Xu Bin Bai smiled freely.

At this moment, an uproar suddenly occurred.

“Heavens, Sir Luo Hai has come.”

“The movement here naturally alerted Sir Luo Hai; after all, he is the Star Master of Green Mountains Star.”

“Many other Origin Kings have come as well! Isn’t that Senior Lei from Sword Union?”

“Look, that’s Senior Li Wan Ning from Purple Star.”

“That’s Old Jiu of Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce...”

Eight Origin Kings suddenly appeared and were instantly recognized by the crowd; after all, these characters weren’t like Wu Dao who never showed his face. Although these masters were also rarely seen, they still showed up occasionally throughout the Star Field and each had resounding reputations.

These Origin Kings appeared on the distant horizon, but they soon arrived above the crowd under Luo Hai’s lead.

An invisible force surrounded these figures and all those who were close to them involuntarily withdrew a large distance, automatically forming a three hundred metre space around them.

“Ho, an Origin King is about to be born right after the Blood Prison. From the looks of it, this person has obviously touched the threshold of Domain. If he’s lucky enough, he will break through soon!” Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce’s Old Jiu commented as his sharp eyes gazed towards the swirling mass of World Energy around Qian Tong’s location. Frowning slightly, he continued, “This old master hasn’t seen this person before. I wonder what great force he comes from.”

The beautiful woman named Li Wan Ning from Purple Star laughed, “Old Jiu, do you want to win him over as well? If that’s your plan, why not just speak frankly instead of trying to cover your intentions so thinly?”

“How is this old master hiding things? Don’t all of you have the same idea?” Old Jiu snorted lightly.

The others just laughed and said nothing, obviously indicating that Old Jiu was right.

“This person must certainly be won over, but this old lady is more interested in that mysterious little boy. Sir Luo Hai, where is that boy now? Is he around here?” The old woman of Sword Union asked as she clutched her cane and looked around, her eyes stopping for a moment on each Second-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator she found.

Luo Hai’s expression flickered, but he didn’t try to hide anything, simply nodding and saying, “He’s here, as for who he is, exactly, I think that’s not difficult to tell with your Divine Senses, right?”

“Since Sir Luo Hai has said so, then this old man will not hold back!” A burly looking man grinned meaningfully while releasing his powerful Divine Sense.

The same was true for all the others.

In an instant, seven or eight Divine Senses that belonged to Origin King Realm masters scanned all the surrounding cultivators one after another, shocking everyone and causing them to wonder what these powerful masters wanted.

“It’s him!” Old Jiu suddenly let out a low voice as his eyes fixed on Yang Kai.

Immediately after him, everyone noticed the existence of Yang Kai.

Although there were more than a thousand people present, there weren’t that many Second-Order Origin Realm cultivators, and among these Second-Order Origin Realm cultivators, Yang Kai’s Saint Qi and vitality were by far the strongest.

“This boy is truly exceptional. His Saint Qi is almost twice as dense as an average Third-Order Origin Realm! No wonder he was able to traverse the Blood Prison freely,” Old Jiu smiled and nodded with satisfaction.

“This old lady is also curious what kind of Body Tempering Secret Art he cultivates, his vitality is far stronger than normal,” A curious glint flashed across the old woman surnamed Lei’s eyes.

“This boy is simply incredible.”

“Why waste time standing here evaluating him? It’s best if we just talk to him in person, or are you worried he’ll try to bite?” The beautiful woman named Li Wan Ning smiled before swiftly landing and gracefully stepping towards Yang Kai, her enchanting eyes fixing on his face.

Yang Kai frowned suddenly.

These Origin King Realm masters arriving here suddenly had stunned Yang Kai, but he quickly reasoned that they had detected Qian Tong’s breakthrough and had come to observe. Still, this left him nervous about their intentions.

Origin Kings were peak level masters, so let alone eight of them, even one arriving here would be enough to make people anxious.

Yang Kai immediately became vigilant, but seeing this beautiful woman suddenly focus on him and even walk over towards him, Yang Kai couldn’t help feeling confused. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Immediately after this beautiful woman approached, the other Origin Kings also started walking over towards him...

What did they want with him?

Yang Kai instinctually began circulating his Saint Qi, his expression becoming alert.

With his current strength, beneath the Origin King Realm Yang Kai was invincible, but in the face of a genuine Origin King, he would have no choice but to flee, and if he were to make a single mistake, he would certainly die.

The gap between the Origin King Realm and the Origin Returning Realm was simply too big, otherwise throughout the entire Star Field there wouldn’t have been so many cultivators trapped at the peak of the Third-Order Origin Returning Realm and there would be far more Origin Kings.

“Brother Yang, don’t be nervous,” Xu Bin Bai’s voice suddenly called out, seemingly aware of Yang Kai’s vigilance. “They shouldn’t have any malicious intent.”

“Why would you say that?” Yang Kai asked in a low voice.

“En, after every Blood Prison Trial, the Origin Kings from various great forces will try to win over some outstanding cultivators. This time is naturally no exception. I think they are all very interested in you, so they are coming over to try to recruit you.”

“Recruit me?” Yang Kai frowned, “I wasn’t the only one who came out of the Blood Prison, so why did they all settle on me?”

Xu Bin Bai smiled brilliantly, “This is naturally due to Brother Yang’s incredible performance in the Blood Prison. To be honest, even I feel great pressure when facing you!”

“My performance... how do they know about my performance in the Blood Prison?” Yang Kai’s face sank.

“They probably don’t know anything in detail, but Senior Luo Hai of Green Mountains Star can sense some things as he is Green Mountains Star’s Star Master,” Xu Bin Bai explained.

Yang Kai’s complexion changed hearing this as he suddenly realized that his situation wasn’t good.