Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1623, Epiphany

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“I’ll be fine if I rest for a while, it’s not a big problem,” Yang Kai saw her crying, and knowing she was worried about him, he quickly tried to comfort her.

Xia Ning Chang nodded slightly as her eyes reddened.

“Do you have pills for restoring Spiritual Energy? Give me as many as you can!” Yang Kai reached out to her.

Xia Ning Chang quickly searched her Space Ring and took out several dozen jade bottles!

She had been concentrating on refining pills in the Small Sealed World almost the whole time she was here. Furthermore, with no shortage of materials, the results were remarkable. The pills in these jade bottles were all used to restore Spiritual Energy and ranged from Saint King Grade to Origin Grade High-Rank.

So many pills, if put outside and sold, would definitely be worth a fortune.

“This Clear Mind Restoration Pill is the best I have, there are also a few with Pill Veins. Use them first,” Xia Ning Chang picked out a jade bottle, opened it, and poured out the pills onto Yang Kai’s hand.

Yang Kai took them without saying a word and stuffed them into his mouth.

Stretching out his hand, he then swept all the other jade bottles into his Space Ring before sitting down cross-legged to meditate.

Little Senior Sister held her breath and quietly moved away from Yang Kai so as not to disturb him, her long eyelashes trembling lightly as she paid close attention to his condition.

Yang Kai’s complexion began to recover at a visible rate, allowing Xia Ning Chang to confirm he really was fine and had simply overdrawn his Spiritual Energy.

As long as Yang Kai was well, she could feel relieved.

Inside the Sealed World Bead, Yang Kai meditated to restore himself, but he still maintained his Divine Sense outside to monitor the surroundings and prevent any accidents.

As the owner of the Sealed World Bead, this was not a difficult task.

Yang Kai was not certain if he could escape from Luo Hai with this method. This was a Second-Order Origin King, the most powerful enemy Yang Kai had ever encountered!

If Luo Hai discovered the existence of the Sealed World Bead, Yang Kai would truly become a turtle hiding in its shell.

A figure flew past the huge asteroid where the Sealed World Bead was hiding a moment later and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

Luo Hai!

He really did not manage to find the Sealed World Bead and instead continued in the direction Yang Kai had been fleeing.

Yang Kai calmed down but didn’t dare become careless. While desperately refining the pills’ medicinal efficacies to restore his Spiritual Energy, he continued to pay attention to the outside world.

After a short while, Luo Hai returned and came to a stop roughly fifty kilometres away from the asteroid.

The terrifying Divine Sense of a Second-Order Origin King spread out like a tide, sweeping the surrounding several ten thousand kilometre radius, not overlooking a single spot.

His eyes flashed a sharp light like a predatory eagle, seemingly able to see across vast distances at a glance.

Suddenly, his gaze was cast towards the massive asteroid where the Sealed World Bead was located.

Yang Kai could not help holding his breath as he secretly became nervous.

Fortunately, Luo Hai quickly shifted his sight and continued to search elsewhere, obviously not discovering anything out of the ordinary.

However, he was still an Origin King Realm master, and having lost Yang Kai suddenly in this area obviously did not make sense to Luo Hai. He didn’t think Yang Kai could escape from the range of his Divine Sense in an instant and was certain Yang Kai was hidden nearby, but it was a mystery what kind of method this boy had used to obscure his aura from him.

“Interesting!” Luo Hai muttered to himself as he continued shuttling back and forth in the surrounding several tens of thousands of kilometres range, searching for any suspicious place while shouting, “Boy, this King knows you are hiding here, but do you think this is enough for you to escape this King? Nonsense! Come out obediently now, hand over the Emperor Artifact and Origin Essence Crystal to this King, and this King can spare your life, if you force this King to find you, hmph...”

Yang Kai ignored these threats entirely.

Since Luo Hai had severed any form of reconciliation with him, there was no chance he would let Yang Kai go. Otherwise, if today’s events were spread, it would be a serious blow to his reputation.

Also, the mere existence of an Emperor Artifact and the Origin Essence Crystal was extremely sensitive, so how could Luo Hai allow a witness like Yang Kai live?

As long as he could obtain these two treasures, Luo Hai would certainly burn down bridges after crossing them.

Yang Kai secretly scolded Luo Hai for being so shameless.

While on Green Mountains Star, Luo Hai’s impression was still quite good. As a Star Master and a Second-Order Origin King, he did not display any pretentiousness and was quite approachable, but now, without any witnesses, he had revealed his true face.

If it had been a different Origin Realm cultivator, they may have buckled under Luo Hai’s pressure and staked everything on the remote chance the other party would show mercy.

But Yang Kai knew admitting defeat would only result in a quick death.

A day passed by, and Luo Hai had traversed the surrounding ten thousand kilometre region several times, carefully searching it again and again but never finding anything.

This made him extremely annoyed.

He was even beginning to doubt whether Yang Kai was really hiding here. Perhaps this little brat had actually already managed to escape!

Suddenly coming to a stop, Luo Hai’s expression became gloomy, as if he had made some kind of decision. He grits his teeth and shouted, “Boy, you’ve forced this King’s hand! I hope you won’t regret it when you arrive in the next life!”

Saying so, Luo Hai suddenly stretched out his hands and faced his palms towards one another.

A terrifying Saint Qi erupted from his figure as a ball of light appeared between his palms.

The Saint Qi in his body seemed to have found an exit and began gathering in this glowing ball of white light.

In the blink of an eye, a white energy ball the size of a fist appeared in front of Luo Hai.

Although this ball was not very big, it contained a terrifying amount of power capable of shattering worlds.

And as Luo Hai continued infusing more of his Saint Qi, the energy inside this light ball only grew more intense.

The Divine Sense Yang Kai left outside the Sealed World Bead sensed this scene and he realized that the situation was deteriorating. Knowing what Luo Hai was planning to do, for a moment, Yang Kai did not know how to respond and could only force himself to calm down and watch.

Ten breaths later, the white ball of light between Luo Hai’s hands had expanded to the size of a washbasin.

Luo Hai gave a slight grin and pushed his hands forward.

The white ball of light floated forward lightly, flying out a hundred kilometres in no time at all.

The next moment, a dazzling white light blossomed from that location, and the surrounding ten thousand kilometres were instantly flooded with a blinding brilliance. With the white light as its centre, within a radius of a few ten thousand kilometres, everything was disintegrated into dust.

Countless asteroids suspended in the Starry Sky were vaporized and even a small Dead Star nearby cracked apart and disappeared. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The full-powered blow of a Second-Order Origin King produced such terrifying effects!

Luo Hai did not move, simply expanding his Divine Sense while paying attention to any movement in his surroundings.

He believed that as long as Yang Kai was still hiding nearby, he would definitely die!

With a Second-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivation, it was simply impossible for him to resist such a violent attack.

As for the Origin Essence Crystal and Emperor Artifact, neither was an ordinary treasure and they couldn’t be destroyed in such an energy blast.

Luo Hai doesn’t need to catch Yang Kai alive; he only needed those two treasures!

Everything within a few ten thousand kilometres disappeared, leaving an empty void. What shocked Luo Hai, however, was that there was no trace of Yang Kai at all, nor any sign of the Origin Essence Crystal or Emperor Artifact.

“Did he really escape?” Luo Hai’s face sank and his mood immediately became extremely gloomy.

Suddenly, he turned his head to look towards a certain direction.

In that position, there seemed to be something being driven by the violent energy impact and flying away quickly!

Luo Hai frowned and became a little suspicious.

The attack he just used had already destroyed everything in the vicinity, so what was this object that had survived?

No matter what it is, it was something extraordinary.

With his curiosity stimulated, Luo Hai planned to give chase.

When Luo Hai cast his eyes on the location of the Sealed World Bead, Yang Kai knew the situation had become bad.

Hurriedly warning Xia Ning Chang, he put a pill into his mouth and rushed out of the Sealed World Bead.

The next moment, Yang Kai appeared in the Starry Sky, collected the Sealed World Bead, then tore space and rushed into the newly formed Void Crack.

“You are still here!” Luo Hai snorted sharply before transforming into a flash of light and hurriedly pursuing.

This time, though, when Luo Hai locked onto Yang Kai’s aura again, he was shocked to discover this boy was five thousand kilometres away!

“Did his use of Space Force become more refined?” Luo Hai changed countenance and, not daring to neglect, chased after Yang Kai.

Yang Kai also quickly discovered this point.

Just now, he had escaped five thousand kilometres in one leap, and... this didn’t seem to be his limit as he had accomplished this feat with ease just now.

Being chased after by Luo Hai and forced to constantly tear space to escape seemed to have helped him cultivate his Space Force!

Yang Kai suddenly felt an epiphany strike him.

Pushing his Space Force fiercely, he stretched out his hands again, tore space, and stepped into The Void.

When he appeared again, he silently calculated the distance moved this time.

Five thousand five hundred kilometres!

Yang Kai’s eyes flashed brilliantly, and he couldn’t help letting out a joyous laugh.

He suddenly discovered that this was an opportunity, an opportunity to squeeze out his own potential by overcoming this life or death crisis.

Standing in place, Yang Kai waited for Luo Hai to close to within a certain distance before leisurely tearing space to escape.

Six thousand kilometres!

Six thousand five hundred kilometres!

Seven thousand kilometres!

.....

“This little bastard!” What kind of character was Luo Hai? He could easily guess what Yang Kai’s actions meant. This brat was using him to cultivate his understanding of the Dao of Space.

To Luo Hai, this was an immense shame!

Cultivators who were proficient in the Dao of Space were terribly difficult to deal with. If it were any other Second-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator, they would have long ago been killed.

But Yang Kai could even play a game of cat and mouse with a master like Luo Hai.

Luo Hai’s face was blue, and his fists clenched tightly, his bones creaking under the strain.

When had he ever suffered such an insult?

In the Star Field, apart from those old ghosts and hidden dragons who never showed their faces, Luo Hai was amongst the strongest. Senior Wu Dao had even commented that he was the most promising candidate to break through to the Third-Order Origin King realm in the Star Field.

This was an unparalleled honour!

Yet now, such a master had been rendered powerless to take an unknown little brat, a reality that nearly drove Luo Hai seething with rage.