Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1624, Star Force Support

Seeing Yang Kai once again disappear cockily from a position not far away, Luo Hai suddenly stopped in place, a terrifying calm spreading across his face, a sign a great storm was coming.

Releasing his Divine Sense, he locked onto the position where Yang Kai re-appeared, his deep gaze piercing space as he took a deep breath and roared furiously, “Green Mountains Star, hear your Star Master and obey his command, send me your Star Force!”

As soon as these words fell, on Green Mountains Star, which was billions of kilometres away, suddenly shook and an unfathomable beam of energy shot out from it, leaping across space as it raced towards Luo Hai.

Luo Hai’s already extremely powerful aura soared, nearly breaking through to the Third-Order Origin King Realm!

At the same time, in the main hall of a certain City Lord’s Mansion, Old Jiu and the other Origin Kings paled in shock as they leapt to their feet.

“Star Force Support!” The withered body of the old woman surnamed Lei trembled as her turbid eyes flashed an amazing light.

“It’s truly Star Force Support! Sir Luo Hai actually used the source strength of Green Mountains Star!”

“As a Star Master, no matter where they are, as long as they are still within the Starry Sky, they can summon the power of their star’s Star Source. What danger has Brother Luo Hai encountered that could force him into such a situation?”

“Who is he fighting against?”

The seven Origin Kings looked around blankly, with none of them able to understand what kind of crisis had befallen Luo Hai that required him to borrow the power of Green Mountains Star’s Star Source.

One had to know, even as a Star Master, it was not easy to use the power of their Star Source.

Star Master and Cultivation Star were closely related, sharing honour and disgrace. Once a portion of the Star Source’s power was used up, it could not be restored in short order. This was more serious than the Star Master himself suffering a grievous wound. Whether he won or lost the subsequent battle, Green Mountains Star’s loss could not be made up for within a thousand years unless Luo Hai broke through again with that time and reached the Third-Order Origin King Realm.

If Luo Hai had not been forced into a desperate situation, he would never have done this, but just how many people in this world could threaten Luo Hai so?

Had he provoked some hidden top master?

The faces of Old Jiu and the others turned pale!

Although they were all Origin Kings themselves, they were just First-Orders. The Second-Order was completely out of reach for them, not to mention the illusory Third-Order.

Everyone realized the situation had become grave.

Just after Luo Hai summoned the Star Source power of Green Mountains Star to him, the World Energy aura of Green Mountains Star weakened.

This subtle difference was not too obvious, but it was real.

This was the direct consequence of drawing the power of the Star Source!

It was rumoured that in ancient times, there was a battle between two Star Masters who wantonly used the power of their respective Star Sources, and in the end, both of them died and their Cultivation Stars degraded from extremely prosperous lands to ones that were barren, forever unable to recover.

Out in the Star Field, with the aid of the Star Force Support, Luo Hai’s aura rose wildly as he stared at the location of Yang Kai from afar. Opening his mouth, Luo Hai condensed a white beam of light that he then spat out like a flying sword.

Ten thousand kilometres away, Yang Kai’s hair all stood on end as a feeling of crisis gripped his heart.

Although he did not know what happened to Luo Hai, he knew that his opponent had become truly enraged. Not daring to neglect, Yang Kai stretched out his hand and slashed the space in front of him.

This time, however, his attempt to tear space did not go smoothly. The space where Yang Kai stood seemed to be sealed by something, and no matter how he tried to tear it open, he could only create a half meter long Void Crack and was unable to expand it any larger.

*Chi chi chi...*

Violent scraping sounds resounded all around as the white light approached. Even before this attack arrived, Yang Kai felt as if he had fallen into a blizzard from the potent murderous intent it contained. It was as if he was stuck atop a snowy mountain and the sharp wind was cutting into his skin.

[Not good!] Yang Kai’s complexion changed drastically as he saw the sword light getting closer and closer. Not daring to remain, he desperately pushed his Saint Qi and flew out.

But, as soon as he began moving, the white sword light slashed through the spot he was previously.

Space seemed to be torn in half as a massive Void Crack appeared!

Luo Hai did not understand anything about the Dao of Space, but his attack was so powerful it was actually able to affect the stability of space around him.

The remaining power of this attack exploded outwards, some of it landing on Yang Kai and releasing a terrifying sound.

In an instant, Yang Kai’s clothes were dyed golden by his blood and hundreds of tiny holes appeared in his intrepid flesh! From each hole, a fierce Qi penetrated Yang Kai’s body and tried to destroy his meridians and physique.

The fallout from this attack was already so strong, it made Yang Kai realize that if he had been struck head-on, he would likely have been vaporized instantly.

His face was slightly pale, but he didn’t have time to check his injuries as he desperately pushed his Saint Qi to suppress the sharp Qi which had penetrated his wounds and used his Space Force to again tear open a Void Crack.

The moment Yang Kai stepped into the Void Crack, Luo Hai arrived behind him!

“Let’s see you escape this time!” Luo Hai shouted as his face became gloomy, seemingly stunned that even after using his Star Force Support, he could not kill Yang Kai. His already dark mood instantly became worse and his body flickered as he continued to pursue Yang Kai.

One escaped while the other pursued, but different from before, Yang Kai was going all out this time.

Seeing Luo Hai’s strength soar inexplicably, Yang Kai guessed that it had something to do with the beam of light he had seen a moment ago which was in all likelihood the legendary Star Force Support!

[To think this old dog was willing to use such extreme measures to deal with me!] Yang Kai could not help cursing as he too knew the consequences of using the power of the Star Source like this.

After narrowly escaping from death again, Yang Kai’s face was extremely gloomy.

Luo Hai, with his Star Force Support, was completely different from earlier. Yang Kai estimated that once he ran out of Spiritual Energy again, he would be powerless to resist.

The Sealed World Bead had already been exposed once, so it was impossible to deceive Luo Hai with it again, making it dangerous to use while still out in the Starry Sky.

He could only go to a Cultivation Star!

With countless lives on a Cultivation Star, even Green Mountains Star’s Star Master Luo Hai could not act too presumptuously. Only by arriving at the nearest Cultivation Star would Yang Kai have an opportunity to use the Sealed World Bead to hide again!

Yang Kai’s eyes became firm as he sank his consciousness inward, transforming into a Soul Avatar above his Knowledge Sea.

Looking up at the sky, Yang Kai found his current position in the vast Star Chart hanging there and then looked for the nearest Cultivation Star!

With this Star Chart, he could see a miniature version of the Star Field anytime he wanted, so it was not difficult to find a Cultivation Star.

A moment later, his eyes lit up and his Soul Avatar escaped from his Knowledge Sea. Changing directions, he then continued to flee!

There was a great Starry Sky Storm ahead of him, but Yang Kai was not afraid. Directly breaking into it, Yang Kai used his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi to protect himself.

Luo Hai, who was right behind him, naturally did not fear this Starry Sky Storm. Exhaling another burst of white Sword Qi from his mouth, he flew straight into the storm.

Wherever he went, the Starry Sky Storm seemed to be disturbed and even took the initiative to separate to the sides to make way for him.

After only a quarter of an hour, Luo Hai emerged from the Starry Sky Storm safely.

But looking around, where was Yang Kai?

The little brat had somehow managed to disappear again, only leaving behind a residual Space Force fluctuation.

“So troublesome!” Luo Hai was in a bad mood as he turned his head towards a huge, vibrant Cultivation Star a few hundred thousand kilometres away. Narrowing his eyes, he muttered, “So you want to hide there? Good, this King wants to see how long you can hide!”

He quickly inferred Yang Kai’s intentions and judged that he was definitely hiding on this Cultivation Star. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Because once he hid there, it would be impossible to find him easily.

Cultivation Stars were different from Dead Stars in the Starry Sky. Dead Stars could be destroyed at will and no one would care, but if a Cultivation Star was destroyed, it would likely lead to the entire Star Field becoming his enemy. Even if Luo Hai hid back on Green Mountains Star, he would probably still die.

Without destroying this Cultivation Star, however, looking for someone who was deliberately hiding was undoubtedly like looking for a needle in a haystack. Even Luo Hai was powerless here; after all, this was not Green Mountains Star where he could use his connection to the Star Source to spy on everything at once.

“Is this Scarlet Wave Star?” Luo Hai quickly came to the place a hundred thousand kilometres above the Cultivation Star, and after scanning it with his eyes, he realized that he had been here before and coldly snorted, “Fine, I’ll go see that old ghost Chi Huo first. I haven’t seen him for a thousand years now; I wonder if that old ghost’s cultivation has made any progress since then!”

Saying so, he flew off in a certain direction.

At the base of a barren mountain, in a river that flowed from north to south of, under a layer of silt, the Sealed World Bead lay quietly.

This was simply named Blue Mountain, and the river was called the Blue River.

Yang Kai passed through the Starry Sky Storm and successfully escaped Luo Hai’s Divine Sense tracking. After flying down to the surface of this Cultivation Star, he quickly found a deserted place to hide the Sealed World Bead then entered it himself.

He believed that Luo Hai would not dare act recklessly on this Cultivation Star, so he was safe for the time being.

On the second level of a loft in the Sealed World Bead, Xia Ning Chang’s tears dripped down as she saw Yang Kai’s situation this time was much worse than before.

Last time, he had only exhausted his Spiritual Energy and was slightly tired, but this time, he was covered in wounds. These wounds were like tiny pinholes which were not visible to the naked eye, but Xia Ning Chang keenly felt that a sharp Qi was festering in these wounds, destroying Yang Kai’s body from the inside out.

Yang Kai’s face was also as pale as paper.

“Don’t worry, I just need to enter retreat for a while!” Yang Kai comforted Xia Ning Chang once before he sat down cross-legged down and began trying to resolve the foreign Qi in his body.

Xia Ning Chang walked out of the attic silently, glancing back anxiously as she silently guarded him.

Quickly, however, she seemed to come to some kind of conclusion, took out a large number of herbs and other ingredients, sat cross-legged there, calmed her mood, and began performing Alchemy!

She felt that she was too weak and hated that she could not help Yang Kai.

On Tong Xuan Realm, she did not feel a sense of crisis, because as long as she wanted, she could suppress the entire realm by herself.

But since Yang Kai brought her out from that small world, she was able to understand the true splendours and dangers of the Star Field.

She now knew how weak she was.

If she was strong enough to fight alongside her Junior Brother, maybe he wouldn’t have been injured!

With such thoughts filling her head, Xia Ning Chang started desperately performing Alchemy!