Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1625, Scarlet Wave Star’s Pure Ice Island

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai’s arrival did not cause any kind of disturbance as, inside the Small Sealed World, nine out of ten cultivators were currently in secluded retreat.

In the loft, Yang Kai sat cross-legged and took out some pills to help him physically recover before he began using his Saint Qi to resolve the sharp Qi in his body.

These tiny strands of Qi contained the Domain of an Origin King Realm master and were filled with killing intent. If Yang Kai’s physical body had not been strong enough, these threads of Qi would have been enough to shred his body to pieces.

The methods of a Second-Order Origin King could not be judged by common sense.

Pushing his Saint Qi, Yang Kai began trying to purge these tiny threads of Qi from his meridians and physique.

But soon, Yang Kai’s complexion changed and became extremely ugly.

His own dense Saint Qi, which was powerful enough to show disdain for any other Origin Realm cultivator, was helpless to dissolve these foreign Qi threads. No matter how much Saint Qi Yang Kai condensed, the moment he tried to use it against these Qi threads, it would be ripped apart and scattered.

Not becoming discouraged, Yang Kai continued condensing his Saint Qi again and again, trying to slowly wear down the foreign Qi.

Ten days passed in a flash.

Inside the loft, rather than recovering, Yang Kai’s aura had instead become fainter.

After ten days of hard work, he had obtained no results. Not only had he not managed to expel Luo Hai’s Qi, but he had also wasted a massive amount of his own Saint Qi in the process.

With a difference of an entire Great Realm between them, Yang Kai’s Saint Qi was simply not a match for Luo Hai’s.

Yang Kai opened his eyes and stopped this pointless exercise. Although his expression was sluggish, his eyes were still bright.

This Qi was dead while he was alive, so he was still confident he could rid himself of it, but he had not found the right method yet.

Since Saint Qi was useless, what about the other forces Yang Kai had in his body?

Namely, there was his Space Force and his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi...

Thinking so, Yang Kai began to experiment.

Condensing his Space Force, Yang Kai tried to wrap up the small threads of Qi in his body. Seemingly aware of his Space Force, the Qi threads immediately began to counterattack. The extremely sharp Domain stabbed towards Yang Kai’s concentrated Space Force, and although it was still able to tear it apart, it seemed to be having a more difficult time than with Yang Kai’s Saint Qi.

[This could work!] Yang Kai’s eyes lit up and he began pushing his Space Force more carefully.

A short time later, Yang Kai successfully wrapped his Space Force around one of the tiny threads of foreign Qi, and no matter how the thread struggled back and forth, it was unable to escape.

The next moment, Yang Kai pushed his Divine Sense and in conjunction with his Space Force instantly shifted the thread of Qi outside of his body.

Yang Kai’s Space Force dissipated, and the invisible Qi thread sputtered about before shooting off, leaving behind a pin-hole in the loft before dissipating entirely.

Seeing this scene, Yang Kai secretly breathed a sigh of relief. He had now determined that Space Force could be used to get rid of Luo Hai’s Qi in his body, the only problem was it was quite cumbersome and inefficient.

While he was escaping, Yang Kai had been hit by several tens of thousands of Qi threads. If he were to try to drive them all out with this method, he would need at least three years to finish!

Naturally, this was far too long!

Yang Kai frowned and next tried his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi.

The Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art was a profound Body Tempering Secret Art. Cultivators who cultivate it would be able to form Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi, and each of the five different elements had their own specialty. Metal and Fire were specialized in attacking, Wood specialized in recovery, and Earth and Water specialized in defence. The five elements mutually constrained one another and when cultivated to the extreme, allowed one to obtain an immortal and indestructible body.

Yang Kai’s Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art was barely at the minor accomplishment stage. It could be used in battle, but it was far from the legendary immortal and indestructible body.

Activating his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi, Yang Kai extracted the Metal and Fire Sword Qis, the two specialized in attacking, and began using them to disperse Luo Hai’s Qi.

Inside his body, golden and red rays of light bloomed and shuttled through Yang Kai’s wounds, attacking the foreign Qi.

Although Luo Hai’s Qi had no form of sentience, it instinctively responded to a threat and began counterattacking the two Sword Qis.

However, this was in vain as the Metal and Fire Sword Qi only took three breaths to disperse one of the invisible Qi threads!

Yang Kai raised his brow and showed a joyful look.

He had not expected that the Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi would be so effective at resolving Luo Hai Qi, making his Space Force seem somewhat lacking in comparison.

However, this was also understandable. Although the Dao of Space was broad and profound, Luo Hai’s Qi was a variant of Sword Qi, so with the Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi also being a form of Sword Qi, it naturally had some ability to restrain the former.

Seeing hope, Yang Kai spared no effort to push his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi. Not only did he use the two offensive elements, but also the Water, Wood, and Earth Sword Qis as well. Doing so, Yang Kai was pleasantly surprised to find that his efficiency increased once more.

No longer thinking about it, Yang Kai didn’t waste any time, took out his Five Elements supreme treasures, arranged the appropriate Spirit Array around himself, then began cultivating his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art while simultaneously driving out Luo Hai’s Qi.

Time flew by and soon, three months had passed.

Yang Kai’s body had finally been purged of Luo Hai’s Qi, and Yang Kai also felt that the power of his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi had increased greatly as a result.

He guessed that it had something to do with dissolving Luo Hai’s Qi and absorbing it with his own Sword Qi!

As for the Five Elements supreme treasures, the Sun’s True Essence, Profound Yin Sunflower Water, Divine Nullification Sand, Profound Gold, and Thunder Wood were all in different states of depletion.

There was no need to worry about the Sun’s True Essence. As the core of a sun star, even after Yang Kai had used it to cultivate for so long, it had basically not shown any change while about half of his Profound Yin Sunflower Water and Divine Nullification Sand were left. On the other hand, the Profound Gold had shrunk to the size of a baby’s palm while the Thunder Wood also did not seem like it would last much longer.

Cultivating the Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art consumed too much of the energy from these Five Elements supreme treasures.

Most people could not afford to cultivate this Body Tempering Art.

It seemed that besides the Sun’s True Essence, the other four treasures would soon need to be replaced. Otherwise, once Yang Kai finished consuming even one of them, he would no longer be able to continue cultivating.

Thinking so, Yang Kai ended his cultivation.

He next began to examine his body carefully.

Luo Hai’s Qi had been completely expelled, and all the injuries he suffered had basically been healed. Moreover, after experiencing a life or death crisis while escaping from Luo Hai, Yang Kai faintly felt that his cultivation had made a lot of progress.

It seemed he was on the verge of breaking through to the Third-Order Origin Returning Realm!

This was not too surprising, as Yang Kai had also gained a lot inside the Blood Prison. However, because it had not been too long since he last broke through, Yang Kai didn’t want to rush ahead and risk destabilizing his foundation. If this was not the case, Yang Kai felt that he could have broken through to the Third-Order inside the Blood Prison.

He did not feel rushed and simply decided to let things happen naturally.

Releasing his Divine Sense, Yang Kai soon spotted Xia Ning Chang who was still immersed in her Alchemy with a firmness to her beautiful, somewhat bloodshot eyes. It was difficult to tell just when she had last rested seeing her like this.

Yang Kai sighed slightly before sending her a Divine Sense Message telling her he had fully recovered, eliciting a smile from her.

However, Yang Kai did not rush to exit his seclusion and instead continued to remain in the loft.

During his escape from Luo Hai, Yang Kai had constantly used his Space Force which in turn gave him great inspiration and caused his comprehension of the Dao of Space to deepen.

His situation was too dire at the time, so he didn’t have any freedom to carefully digest these insights.

Now that the crisis had passed, he would certainly not miss this opportunity. Staying inside the loft, Yang Kai continued cultivating his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art while enhancing his comprehension of the Dao of Space.

......

Pure Ice Island was a famous spot on Scarlet Wave Star.

It was the headquarters of one of the two most powerful Sects on Scarlet Wave Star, Ice Heart Valley.

Pure Ice Island was surrounded by the sea on all sides and had ice flows around it that never melted thanks to the extremely low temperatures. The disciples of Ice Heart Valley all cultivated Ice Attribute Secret Arts and Martial Skills while the artifacts they used were also Ice Attribute.

The reason Ice Heart Valley was one of the two most powerful Sects on Scarlet Wave Star was because of its Supreme Elder, an Origin King Realm master!

In addition to the Supreme Elder, however, the Valley Master and several of the Elders were peak Third-Order Origin Returning Realm masters, only one step away from breaking through to the Origin King Realm.

Purely in terms of Third-Order Origin Returning Realm masters, Ice Heart Valley had over a hundred.

Such a number was extremely frightening. No great force on Shadowed Star was comparable. The once most powerful force, Star Emperor Mountain, only had thirty Third-Order Origin Returning Realm masters, all of whom now belonged to High Heaven Sect.

On par with Ice Heart Valley was the equally famous Brilliant Flame Sect.

These two Sects had held the title of Scarlet Wave Star’s strongest Sects for over ten thousand years, but whether because of the nature of their Secret Arts, or because there was simply no way for a mountain to have two tigers, many grievances and grudges had formed between the two Sects and they were now in a perpetual state of conflict.

With grievances forged over thousands of years, there was now no longer any no possibility of resolving them peacefully.

At this moment, at the centre of Pure Ice Island, inside a magnificent ice palace, a dozen or so women with unique styles and features, each a great beauty in her own right, sat in two rows facing one another.

At the head of the hall was a woman wearing a long white dress. While this woman’s beauty was not country destroying, her eyes radiated a kind of cold purity that could entrance anyone who stared into them.

Ice Heart Valley’s Valley Master: Bing Long! A master at the very peak of the Third-Order Origin Returning Realm with Shi that had reached the grand accomplishment stage. She was the strongest master beneath Ice Heart Valley’s Supreme Elder.

The disciples of Ice Heart Valley were all female, and there had never been a precedent for males being accepted here.

However, no one dared to look down upon them just because they were women as anyone who tried to would die a swift death.

The atmosphere in the ice palace was a bit solemn, with the leadership of Ice Heart Valley seemingly discussing some particularly important matters.

“Valley Master, Brilliant Flame Sect’s recent movements are a bit strange, the pressure they are putting on our Ice Heart Valley has become much weaker while many of their disciples seem to frequently be out of the Sect, searching for someone.” The woman sitting in the first seat on the left said. She had the appearance of a thirty-year-old woman and seemed quite youthful, but her expression was extremely cold.

She was Ice Heart Valley’s Great Elder, Ran Yun Ting, and had a cultivation equivalent to that of Valley Master Bing Long; however, her strength was slightly inferior to the latter, so she could only take the position of Great Elder. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

“Looking for someone? Why?” Ice Heart Valley’s Valley Master Bing Long raised her brow, her voice extremely soft and melodious. “What information did our disciples gather?”

Ran Yun Ting shook her head, “The disciples of Brilliant Flame Sect themselves don’t seem to understand much, only that they are looking for a young man. I have a portrait of him here, please have a look, Valley Master!”