Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1635, What Are You Doing

One really wore out iron shoes while seeking their feet. This gain had come without needing any special effort. Brilliant Flame Sect had been searching for this boy for over a year, yet now, Yan Chi Lei had bumped into him by accident, so he was feeling overjoyed.

At this moment, he finally understood why Yu Xue Qing had ordered a full-scale assault on Brilliant Flame Sect a few days ago.

Obviously, she was trying to create a massive diversion to sneak this boy out unnoticed!

Moreover, judging from the direction this group was travelling, they were definitely heading back to Pure Ice Island.

“So that’s how it is!” Yan Chi Lei nodded lightly before turning to look at Yu Xue Qing, “It turns out that this was your purpose, but it’s a pity. Since you’ve met this Yan here, you’re doomed to fail!”

Yu Xue Qing was screaming to herself about how bad the situation was as she shot a glare at Yang Kai, blaming him for opening his mouth and creating trouble. At the same time, she shouted to the rest of her companions, “What are you all standing around in a daze for, quickly flee! No matter what, this boy must be sent to Pure Ice Island!”

As soon as her words fell, Yu Xue Qing pushed her Saint Qi violently and a burst of Ice Attribute energy visible to the naked eye spread out from her location, madly spreading to the surrounding area.

This frigid energy seemed to create a frozen world as it instantly covered the nearby ground in a thick layer of frost.

*Xiu xiu xiu...*

Ice spikes suddenly appeared behind Yu Xue Qing, each one thin and sharp, gleaming with icy light. Raising her hand, Yu Xue Qing pushed her jade palm forth and sent the countless ice spikes towards the Brilliant Flame Sect group.

“I’ve long heard of Thirteenth Elder’s prowess in battle! This Yan will accompany you here, I hope you won’t disappoint me!” Yan Chi Lei roared as he faced the storm of ice spikes without any fear and threw out a punch.

With a bursting sound, a blazing hot aura flared up as a massive flame fist intercepted the storm of ice spikes.

*Hong Hong Hong...*

The ice spikes continuously shattered as the giant flame fist also gradually dimmed, the two attacks eventually cancelling each other out entirely.

“Brother Jiang, you can do with those women what you please, but that boy must be captured alive!” Yan Chi Lei diffused Yu Xue Qing’s attack with a single move then shot towards her while calling out to his ally.

“Heh heh heh... since that’s the case, this old master won’t refuse!” Jiang Xi grinned as he activated his Poison Art.

In an instant, the surrounding ten-kilometre region was shrouded in a multi-coloured poisonous fog. Inside this dome-shaped poison fog bank, an unpleasant aura filled the air, causing any who inhaled too deeply to feel like vomiting. All the Ice Heart Valley women who were caught in this poison fog began feeling somewhat dizzy and had difficulty circulating their Saint Qi smoothly.

“Not good, it’s Jiang Xi’s Annihilating Poisonous Mist!” One of the Ice Heart Valley disciples shouted in horror.

“No matter what, we need to send this boy off first!” One of the Ice Heart Valley women echoed Yu Xue Qing’s instructions loudly.

The Ice Heart Valley disciples suddenly returned to their senses after hearing this shout.

For more than a year, at least a thousand of their sisters had died tragically just to find Yang Kai, so now that they finally had him in their grasp, if he was to be snatched from them, all of their fellow disciples would have died in vain.

“Come with us!” A young woman called out to Yang Kai.

With Yu Xue Qing being entangled by Yan Chi Lei, this woman took charge.

“Leave?” Yang Kai looked at her and shook his head slowly, “That old frog is stronger than you, and this poisonous fog is not simple. If you try to run, you’ll only be tortured to death.”

“Enough of your nonsense, if I say leave, you leave!” The young woman grit her teeth hard and screamed, “This old man is strong, we can’t resist him!”

“Very strong? How strong?” Yang Kai’s expression remained unchanged.

“He is a peak Third-Order Origin Returning Realm master! On Scarlet Wave Star, he is one of the most promising candidates to break through to the Origin King Realm. Only the top five Elders of my Ice Heart Valley can compete with him. Don’t just stand there waiting for death.”

“En, very strong,” Yang Kai nodded lightly.

“You...” The young woman’s heart filled with grievances and dissatisfaction towards Yang Kai’s flippant attitude. She had already explained the seriousness of their situation, yet this boy didn’t seem to care at all. Was he planning to just drag all of them down with him?

“We’ve missed the best opportunity to escape!” A woman next to her said sadly.

Hearing this, the young woman sighed.

If they had acted immediately after Thirteenth Elder warned them, they might have managed to escape, but after being delayed here for so long by Yang Kai, how could they possibly flee now?

Jiang Xi hated Ice Heart Valley deeply, and his strength was extremely high. On top of that, the Poison Arts he used were extremely difficult to deal with, so the fate of this group of women was looking quite grim.

Thinking so, the young woman glared at Yang Kai fiercely, grit her teeth, and shouted, “If we die here, it will be all your fault, and I swear I won’t let you off even in the next life.”

“Why so serious?” Yang Kai remained indifferent, “We just need to kill him.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The young women from Ice Heart Valley were all dumbfounded as they stared at Yang Kai like he was an idiot, all of them thinking that men really were foolish creatures. Didn’t he understand how big the gap in strength was between him and Jiang Xi? He could not have picked a worse time to boast to shamelessly!

During this brief delay, a potent aura had surrounded Jiang Xi’s body, one that gave off the same feel as the poisonous fog around them. Only this time, it was denser, making it impossible to see his figure. Only the old man’s creepy laughter gave away his position.

“Assist this old master, but remember, don’t kill any of these women. These cheap sluts from Ice Heart Valley are all going to serve this old master from now on and learn there’s more to a man than just his face!” Jiang Xi shouted wickedly.

The other cultivators from Brilliant Flame Sect rolled their eyes when they heard this command, but knowing they were not as strong as this old man, they could only nod their heads and cooperate. Immediately after Jiang Xi shouted, a rich Fire Attribute Saint Qi rolled towards the Ice Heart Valley group.

“Here they come! We have more people than them so focus on defending first, be especially wary of Jiang Xi’s poisonous fog!” The leading young woman called out as the ten or so Ice Heart Valley women began pushing their Saint Qi together, plunging the temperature around them.

Turning to look at Yang Kai again, the young woman ordered, “You hide behind... hey, what are you doing!”

As she was shouting, she actually saw Yang Kai take a step forward to meet Jiang Xi and the Brilliant Flame Sect disciples head-on, as if he didn’t care at all about whether he lived or died.

“Get back!” The young woman was shocked.

On the other side, Yu Xue Qing, who was entangled with Yan Chi Lei, noticed something was wrong and turned her head to check out the situation, only to have her beautiful face immediately go pale.

In this moment of distraction, Yan Chi Lei was able to seize the initiative in their battle and gain the upper hand, forcing Yu Xue Qing onto the defensive as she cursed Yang Kai for not understanding the situation he was in and acting so recklessly.

She knew that everything was over.

Not only would it now be impossible to bring Yang Kai back to Ice Heart Valley, but the dozen disciples she had brought with her would all probably die as well. As for herself, the chances of her escaping with her life were less than thirty percent! Right now, Yu Xue Qing was feeling incredibly anxious, but there was simply nothing she could do.

“This boy is somewhat interesting! En, Elder Yan strictly ordered us to not take his life, so we can only capture him alive. This will be a bit troublesome!” Jiang Xi looked at Yang Kai who was rapidly approaching him and condensed his poisonous mist around his fist before punching towards him.

In the blink of an eye, this mass of poisonous mist flew over to Yang Kai, transformed into a rope, then attempted to wrap around him.

“It’s over!” The young woman behind Yang Kai felt her heart sink as she could barely bring herself to watch what was sure to happen next.

If it weren’t for Yang Kai wasting time with his stupid questions and then rushing out foolishly, they would have at least had some chance of completing this task, making the sacrifices and injuries they were certain the suffer worthwhile, but now, even that was impossible.

As if the poisonous mist had a mind of its own, it wrapped around and tied up Yang Kai’s body.

“Your Brilliant Flame Sect seems to have some use for this brat, so I’ll leave him to you!” Jiang Xi commanded, without even sparing Yang Kai another glance, flying past him as he aimed for the crowd of young women not far ahead.

The Brilliant Flame Sect disciples exchanged a glance before one of them rushed over towards Yang Kai while the others followed after Jiang Xi.

A team of eight passed by Yang Kai in the next instant.

Suddenly, there was a flash of golden light!

Blood splattered and broken limbs flew out...

The vital auras of several people instantly vanished!

Pieces of hashed meat and broken bone fell like rain, crashing down to the ground and creating an extremely bloody sight.

Perceiving the energy fluctuations behind himself, Jiang Xi frowned and looked back suspiciously.

The next instant, his eyes bulged, and he quickly turned around and directed a solemn yet shocked gaze towards Yang Kai.

The poison mist rope which he used to tie up this little brat had disappeared at some unknown point, and all the Brilliant Flame Sect cultivators who had been behind him just now were dead!

There were no sounds of battle, nor screams before death, only a momentary energy fluctuation and then seven Origin Returning Realm master cultivators had died inexplicably.

Suddenly, Jiang Xi felt the situation was far more precarious than he anticipated, and a chill ran up his spine.

“What just happened?” Over on the Ice Heart Valley side, the group of women were equally stunned. The leading young woman was even shivering slightly as she wore a blank look on her face, wondering if she was seeing things.

Qing Ya’s beautiful eyes flashed as only she wore a look of understanding.

Yang Kai insisting they not run and even taking the initiative to meet the enemy had really ended up how she thought it would.

She didn’t know Yang Kai very well, but from Su Yan, she understood that Yang Kai was a man who could always perform miracles and fought against those who had higher cultivations than him like it was commonplace.

Before, she was just guessing this to be the case here, but the facts were laid out before her.

The seven Brilliant Flame Sect disciples were all First-Order to Third-Order Origin Returning Realm masters, but the moment they passed by Yang Kai, they had all died in an instant.

This could no longer be described as the ability to fight above one’s realm, it was nothing less than a miracle!

No one knew exactly how Yang Kai accomplished this, only that there was a flash of golden light just before everything ended.

“How?” The lead young woman stared at Yang Kai in shock. At this moment, a golden thread was floating leisurely in front of Yang Kai. This golden thread gave off a strange aura, one filled with potent vitality, as if it was alive. From this aura alone, it was clear this golden thread was not to be underestimated.

With a faint smile on his face, Yang Kai looked at Jiang Xi with a somewhat mocking grin.

Jiang Xi instantly felt tremendous pressure, as if he was not facing a Second-Order Origin Returning Realm boy but a genuine Origin King!

Forcefully dispelling the uneasiness in his heart, Jiang Xi shouted in a low voice, “Little brat, your dare play the pig to eat a tiger?”

“You were the ones who decided to underestimate me,” Yang Kai grinned, not showing any kind of panic as he lightly said, “Old frog, are you ready to die?”

“Shameless boasting!” Jiang Xi sternly shouted as he released his Shi, trying to suppress Yang Kai.