Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1636, Kill

“Shi nearly at the grand accomplishment stage,” Yang Kai raised his brow and immediately understood why Jiang Xi was so feared by the young women from Ice Heart Valley. With just his Shi, which had nearly reached the grand accomplishment stage, Jiang Xi was indeed qualified to be one of the most likely candidates on Scarlet Wave Star to break through to the Origin King Realm.

This extremely powerful Shi spread out rapidly and soon approached Yang Kai.

Immediately before this Shi reached Yang Kai, however, an invisible power not inferior to Jiang Xi’s burst out from Yang Kai’s body and pushed it back.

This collision was silent and invisible to the naked eye.

However, to Jiang Xi, it was as if thunder had just gone off in his head.

The Shi he was so proud of, at this moment, reacted like an egg smashing against a boulder, shattering to pieces and completely falling apart. In the blink of an eye, Jiang Xi was the one enveloped by an extremely suppressive force.

Yang Kai’s Shi!

Jiang Xi was shocked, and his face turned pale. Only now did he realize that Yang Kai was far from being as simple as he appeared. While this boy’s cultivation was only Second-Order Origin Returning Realm, his comprehension of Shi had greatly exceeded his own.

Pushing his Saint Qi madly, Jiang Xi did his best to resist this Shi’s influence on him, releasing a multi-coloured poisonous mist from his body wantonly, forming a kind of protective shell around himself while also sending a blast of it towards Yang Kai in an attempt to counterattack.

Although Jiang Xi had fallen into a disadvantage in terms of Shi, he was naturally not going to just stand there frozen and surrender.

His speciality was using poison, and the poisonous mist he had just shot out was incredibly lethal to anyone it managed to invade.

Yang Kai frowned when he saw this and did not dare take risks. After considering his options for a moment, he stretched out his hand and summoned the Firebird Artifact Spirit. Accompanied by a sharp, shrill cry, a several-dozen-metre-long flaming bird appeared above Yang Kai’s head, opened its beak, and sprayed out a stream of fireballs towards Jiang Xi.

Jiang Xi was taken aback as his poisonous fog was absolutely no match for the Firebird’s attack. Instead, his poisonous mist was rapidly burned down by the Firebird’s fireballs, after which, the protective layer of fog he had surrounded himself with rapidly began evaporating, revealing his extremely embarrassed figure.

The speed and frequency of the Firebird’s fireballs rapidly increased, leaving Jiang Xi completely suppressed, unable to fight back. Jiang Xi had to continuously push his Saint Qi to replace the poisonous fog around his body. However, Jiang Xi was unable to keep up with the rate of loss and his defences were soon broken, forcing him out into the open again.

Yang Kai stood in place and stared as Jiang Xi coldly, grinning as he taunted, “Old frog, you’re too weak.”

The women from Ice Heart Valley all stared dully at this scene.

The strange Firebird and Yang Kai’s Shi were completely suppressing Jiang Xi, and if Yang Kai found the right opportunity, Jiang Xi would most likely be killed here and now.

They simply could not comprehend what it was they were witnessing.

They had just prepared themselves to suffer heavy casualties as they believed that this disaster was inescapable. They had expected the worst to happen.

But now, after acting so low-key, Yang Kai had made a shocking move and his performance had completely overwhelmed their expectations.

Just this Firebird alone was enough to suppress Jiang Xi to the point where he was having difficulty protecting himself, having no spare energy to deal with them.

Perhaps this time, none of them would have to die... Everyone was excited as this thought filled their heads and the looks they gave Yang Kai gradually changed from their original hostility to wonder and gratitude.

The Firebird continued to increase the intensity of its attack, shooting out flames not only from its mouth but also from its wings, preventing Jiang Xi’s poisonous fog from spreading out while also inflicting numerous big and small burns on his body.

The smell of burnt flesh gradually began to diffuse.

Jiang Xi’s expression suddenly turned fierce as he summoned an artifact and spat a mouthful of multi-coloured poisonous mist onto it.

The artifact rapidly absorbed the poisonous mist before transforming into a massive five-coloured python.

This poisonous python twisted its body and rushed directly into the sky to face the Firebird, displaying an incredible might.

Taking this opportunity, Jiang Xi once again pushed his Saint Qi to free himself from Yang Kai’s Shi’s suppression then charged towards him.

He obviously wanted to use this opening to kill Yang Kai! As long as Yang Kai died, he would be able to do whatever he wanted.

As for Brilliant Flame Sect Yan Chi Lei’s words... At this moment, he could not even protect himself, so how was he supposed to care?

In the blink of an eye, Jiang Xi had rushed to a position only ten metres away from Yang Kai and many jets of poisonous mist shot out from his figure and towards Yang Kai.

At this time, the Ice Heart Valley disciples finally recovered, and the leading young woman shouted, “Help him!”

As she spoke, powerful Ice Attribute Saint Qi surged out of her tender body and condensed into a large ice spike that flew out towards Jiang Xi.

The other women also reacted, and each used their strongest Secret Techniques to attack Jiang Xi.

A golden light suddenly flashed as a Golden Blood Thread appeared in front of Yang Kai again before flickering and disappearing once more.

Jiang Xi felt a deathly chill grip his soul, warning him that if he did not flee now, he would surely die. Freezing in place awkwardly, he grit his teeth and dove to the side

The Golden Blood Thread suddenly appeared as it shot through the afterimage Jiang Xi left behind when he hastily dodged.

Jiang Xi broke out in a cold sweat, but before he could recover, the attacks from the ten or so Ice Heart Valley women were already upon him.

The place where he stood was instantly covered by hundreds of ice lances.

Chaotic energy fluctuations filled the air as Jiang Xi’s muffled cries rang out, signalling that he was injured.

The disciples of Ice Heart Valley weren’t as strong as Jiang Xi in terms of cultivation, and one-on-one, any of them would be killed in mere breaths, but the power of nearly a dozen of them attacking all at once was not to be underestimated.

Dust flew up, covering everyone’s view.

The young woman leading the Ice Heart Valley disciples felt her heart pound as she stared at that spot nervously.

“Did he die?” Someone asked anxiously.

As soon as these words fell, however, Jiang Xi’s voice echoed from far away, “Ice Heart Valley sluts, this old master won’t forget this! Sooner or later, this old master will destroy your Pure Ice Island and devastate each one of you to death!”

He had clearly escaped at some unknown point.

The lead young woman turned pale as she turned to look in the direction Jiang Xi’s voice came from. There, she saw a multi-coloured light flying away at an extremely fast speed; naturally, it was Jiang Xi.

She immediately turned back to look at Yang Kai, expecting him to give chase.

But the sight there dumbfounded her once again, as Yang Kai had also mysteriously disappeared.

The young woman searched around for a moment before turning back in the direction where Jiang Xi was fleeing where she spotted a figure standing in front of him and understood.

This battle had exceeded the level she was capable of comprehending or interfering with. Whether it was Jiang Xi or Yang Kai, their strength far exceeded her own. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

She did not even know when Yang Kai and Jiang Xi had moved.

“How did you...” Jiang Xi looked at Yang Kai who was blocking his way as if he was staring at a ghost.

He had taken advantage of the chaotic explosion just now to blind his opponents and use a Secret Technique to escape, thinking that none were the wiser, but this young man had actually seen through his plans and somehow managed to overtake and intercept him.

Although he was feeling terrified inside, Jiang Xi was also a decisive person and understanding that he could not escape without breaking through the blockade, Yang Kai. Therefore, he clenched his fists and spat out a mouthful of Blood Essence, causing his aura to increase thirty percent while a crimson hue appeared around his body. He then charged towards Yang Kai mercilessly.

Yang Kai’s expression remained cold as he simply snorted and spat, “You court death!”

Without trying to evade, Yang Kai clenched his fist and condensed a layer of golden light around it, causing a faint metallic scraping to ring out as an incredibly sharp aura wrapped around him.

Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi, Metal Sword Qi.

Among the Five Elements Sword Qis, Metal was the sharpest.

Using this Metal Sword Qi, Yang Kai’s fist became shrouded in countless sword blades difficult to see with the naked eye.

Perceiving the terrifying power and sharpness of this fist, Jiang Xi naturally did not just sit still and once again condensed a thick poisonous smoke around his body.

When Yang Kai’s fist flew out and slammed into Jiang Xi’s body, though, the poisonous fog was instantly scattered, after which the crimson hue covering his body also collapsed. Jiang Xi’s Saint Qi defence had failed to provide him with any protection as the countless tiny golden sword lights easily sliced through it.

The sound of bones shattering rang out as Jiang Xi’s body was knocked backwards and blood spurted from his mouth.

His hideous face filled with horror as he desperately tried to stabilize his figure, but the golden light from the Yang Kai’s Golden Blood Thread caught up before he could and instantly surrounded him.

When the golden light faded, Jiang Xi’s whole body collapsed into countless pieces and fell from the sky.

Scarlet Wave Star’s famous Jiang Xi, a master qualified to break through to the Origin King Realm, had fallen!

The group of women from Ice Heart Valley’s cheeks flushed as they cheered in excitement.

Yan Chi Lei, who was locked in a fierce battle with Yu Xue Qing, also gawked as he stared at Yang Kai in shock, his movements becoming sluggish in that instant.

Yu Xue Qing was not the Thirteenth Elder of Ice Heart Valley just for show. Although her rank was a bit low, her strength was praiseworthy. So, how could she miss such an opportunity? Taking advantage of this shift in momentum, Yu Xue Qing launched a fierce counterattack and swiftly forced Yan Chi Lei onto the defensive.

She too was quite shocked, never having expected that Yang Kai could actually kill Jiang Xi.

After all, Jiang Xi’s Poison Arts were notoriously difficult to handle; even if she had been the one fighting him, she would definitely be at a disadvantage.

However, Yang Kai had killed Jiang Xi in less than thirty breaths of time.

In Ice Heart Valley, it was likely only the Great Elder could accomplish this.

Was this young man comparable to Great Elder Ran? Yu Xue Qing’s heart trembled as she felt she needed to re-examine Yang Kai.

“Senior Brother, please help Thirteenth Elder!” The young woman leading Ice Heart Valley’s group called out to Yang Kai suddenly.

“Sure,” Yang Kai nodded faintly, stretching out his hand and pointing to Yan Chi Lei as he called out, “Kill him!”

The Firebird immediately flew straight towards Yan Chi Lei.

Yan Chi Lei and Yu Xue Qing were an even match for one another, neither able to defeat the other in short order, so with the addition of the Firebird Artifact Spirit, Yan Chi Lei instantly found himself suppressed and rapidly losing the strength to fight back or even protect himself.

“Boy, I am an Elder of Brilliant Flame Sect! If you dare take action against me, you’ll die a miserable death! Cease now! Otherwise, even if you escape to the ends of the Star Field, Brilliant Flame Sect will never let you go!” Yan Chi Lei shouted angrily, hoping he could make Yang Kai back down and not join forces with Yu Xue Qing.