Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1655, In an Instant

At that moment, on Scarlet Wave Star, every bird in flight fell from the sky, and every beast on the ground curled up and cowered.

In giant cities, small villages, headquarters of powerful Sects, and homes of tiny families, trillions of people all felt a terrifying aura press on their hearts.

This pressure was so horrifying it felt as if they would die at any moment.

Regardless of how old or young, weak or strong they were, every last living creature on Scarlet Wave Star dripped with cold sweat as they collapsed to the ground and were unable to stand up for quite some time, their strength completely drained in an instant.

Fortunately, this oppressive aura disappeared as fast as it had appeared.

Otherwise, billions of injuries and deaths would have been suffered on Scarlet Wave Star!

On Pure Ice Island, where its main ice palace once stood, above Yang Kai and Su Yan, a giant pair of illusory closed eyes suddenly appeared.

At the same time, Yang Kai and Su Yan were surrounded by a kind of invisible force which even Divine Sense could not detect.

The attack fueled by Chi Huo burning his Blood Essence, and the sword which Luo Hai had stabbed out, were both blocked by this invisible force, without so much as a ripple being created.

“Impossible!” Luo Hai cried out in horror.

With his Second-Order Origin King cultivation, he was unable to scratch Yang Kai even with an artifact, and all this was due to the appearance of this pair of closed eyes.

This was simply unacceptable to him.

The Great Emperor was only a character from legend to ordinary people, but masters like Luo Hai knew he was a real existence and many had been working hard their entire lives to find pieces of his inheritance while trying to surpass his position as the strongest cultivator to ever exist.

In their hearts, the Great Emperor was only somewhat more tyrannical in terms of cultivation, not some invincible existence.

Luo Hai also held similar thoughts, that the Great Emperor was just a master at the very peak of the Third-Order Origin King Realm and that one day he would be able to stand side by side with him, possibly even surpassing him.

But today, he finally understood that the Great Emperor had reached a level completely beyond his reach, completely surpassing the Origin King Realm, reaching some unknown and terrifying realm!

His pride and arrogance took a significant hit.

The closed pair of eyes slowly opened a moment later.

Luo Li’s face finally changed as she no longer dared to remain in place, her tender body flickering as she fled like a frightened rabbit, moving several thousand meters back from where the ice palace once stood.

The floating pair of eyes fully opened soon after, and their clear and flawless pupils radiated an overwhelming sense of majesty. Moreover, Luo Hai and Chi Huo were extremely surprised to see that these eyes clearly belonged to a woman!

[Could the legendary Starry Sky Great Emperor have been a woman?]

This kind of stray thought pricked the hearts of the two Origin Kings and left them in a state of disbelief.

These beautiful eyes stared at Luo Hai and Chi Huo coldly, without any emotion, like they were nothing but a pair of ants.

Chi Huo let out a pitiful cry in the next instant and was sent flying, as if he had suffered a crushing blow, blood spraying from his mouth as he tumbled through the air.

His Domain was suddenly shattered.

As for Wei Feng, who was being protected by Chi Huo the whole time, his body was shredded into a paste, leaving him without even a complete corpse.

A cracking sound resounded through the air and in Luo Hai’s heart. There were signs that his Domain was also on the verge of collapsing.

It seemed these indifferent eyes contained a supreme might which the so-called masters present were completely powerless against.

Luo Hai’s face turned pale as blood began leaking from the corners of his mouth and his body staggered. However, thanks to his significantly higher cultivation, he managed to stand his ground.

After this pair of beautiful eyes gave a casual glance, they vanished, as if they had never even appeared.

At the same time.

An overwhelming Emperor Pressure poured into Yang Kai and Su Yan. This was a power that did not exist naturally in this world and radiated an aura which made all of creation bow its head.

This was the power of the Great Emperor!

Yang Kai let out a burst of thunderous laughter that seemed to contain some kind of strange force which shocked Luo Hai’s mind, causing his Knowledge Sea to roil and become unsteady.

Just after Chi Huo stood firm, hearing this laughter, his face grew paler.

Gold and White Qi wrapped around Yang Kai and Su Yan’s figures as dragon roars and phoenix cries constantly resounded, but this mix of Yin and Yang Qi was now on a completely different scale compared to before.

Although the Yin and Yang Qis earlier were already powerful enough to threaten an ordinary First-Order Origin King, it was still negligible before Luo Hai.

But the current gold and white Qi had become so powerful it caused Luo Hai to feel a sense of panic!

It seemed that after unsealing the Star Emperor Token, an overwhelming power had poured into Yang Kai and Su Yan.

Suddenly, the Yin and Yang Qis completely merged into one.

In everyone’s field of vision, Yang Kai and Su Yan disappeared, leaving behind only a blinding ball of light.

“Chi Huo, you die first!” Yang Kai’s cold voice sounded from the mass of light and in the next moment, it flashed forward towards Chi Huo.

Chi Huo’s face changed drastically as he cried out in horror, “Brother Luo Hai, save me!”

At the same time, he formed a seal with his hands and desperately pushed his Saint Qi to form a protective barrier before himself.

This Saint Qi was so thick and dense that it was almost tangible, but Chi Huo did not stop there. He continued to summon an Origin King Grade defensive artifact which seemed to be wrapped in flame in the next instant as well.

However, all his efforts were in vain.

When the mass of light approached, the first thing to be broken was his Origin King Grade defensive artifact which had transformed into a wall of flames. This was a unique artifact and a rare treasure to the entire Star Field; however, it was easily shattered.

Inside the mass of light, a Golden Dragon and Ice Phoenix phantom swam about, displaying a majestic and noble dance.

The mass of light swiftly passed by Chi Huo.

Chi Huo stood motionless, staring blankly into space, a look of horror remaining on his face.

“This old master... regrets...”

Chi Huo’s words remained unfinished as a dazzling light burst from his body, pouring out from his pores, making him look like a glowing hedgehog.

*Hong...*

With a loud bang, Chi Huo’s body exploded into a blood mist that splashed out across the ground.

High up in the sky, gasps sounded as the Ice Heart Valley Elders inhaled sharply, all of them revealing frightened and alarmed expressions.

Chi Huo, a First-Order Origin King Realm master, was unable to resist a single blow from Yang Kai and Su Yan who were using the power sealed inside the Star Emperor Token, resulting in his instant death.

It was likely that not even the most powerful Third-Order Origin King would possess such phenomenal strength!

Luo Li’s tender body trembled as a hint of amazement flashed across the depths of her beautiful eyes, along with an incredible amount of regret.

She could understand Chi Huo’s mood just before he died and knew what it was that he was regretting.

Chi Huo regretted, but how could she not as well?

Had she known the situation would develop like this, how could she have violated her own convictions and feigned ignorance today?

If she had known things would turn out like this, she would have done everything in her power to protect Yang Kai and Su Yan, even if she died in the process.

Luo Li sighed deeply.

Ice Heart Valley was destined not to rise! A Heaven-sent opportunity was laid out in front of her, but she had turned a blind eye to it and even pushed it away, so what use was there in regretting now?

Now, she could only hope that this young man still took into consideration the fact that Su Yan was once an Ice Heart Valley disciple and after solving his immediate trouble would not turn his anger on them, for it he did, today would be the day of Ice Heart Valley’s destruction.

“Ha, hahahaha!” Mad laughter suddenly rang out, causing Luo Li to frown and turn, only to discover that Ran Yun Ting was its source.

Although she was laughing, the expression on her face was filled with endless bitterness and regret.

From the moment she decided to give up Su Yan, and Su Yan called her Honoured Master for the final time, she was destined to spend the rest of her life in regret.

“Luo Hai, it’s your turn!”

Yang Kai’s voice rang out from inside the mass of light again, and an intense murderous intent surged towards Luo Hai.

Luo Hai’s face changed drastically as he found he had still underestimated the terrifying power of the Star Emperor Token. Chi Huo being killed in a single blow was something even he could not accomplish.

In other words, he was completely outmatched!

“Star Force come to me!” Luo Hai’s expression fluctuated as he gave up any last hesitation and shouted.

He knew that trying to negotiate with Yang Kai was useless, he knew too many of this boy’s secrets, so it was absolutely impossible for them to simply part ways. What’s more, after Yang Kai had used a treasure as precious as a Star Emperor Token, how could he settle for not killing him? It was better to go all out in a fight than humiliate himself by begging.

Somewhere in the distant Star Field, Green Mountains Star flickered, and the unparalleled power from its very source blasted out, leapt across the barriers of space, and arrived on Scarlet Wave Star where it poured into Luo Hai’s body.

Luo Hai’s power and momentum surged, and his Second-Order Origin King cultivation rose to the very brink of the Third-Order in an instant.

As soon as this was complete, he fled towards the distance without looking back!

He had used his Star Source Support to escape, not even having the courage to confront Yang Kai and Su Yan head-on.

“You want to run?” Yang Kai laughed as the mass of light flickered and ripples of Space Force spread out, allowing him to instantly overtake Luo Hai where he released a blast of light towards him that contained terrifying power.

Luo Hai was shocked and the Origin King Grade artifact in his hand flashed, releasing a blade of light which seemed capable of cutting through the Heavens.

With the silent collision, space collapsed, and the sword wave was scattered, but the remaining power of the light blast still forced Luo Hai back a few thousand meters and had turned his face pale.

In their very first frontal exchange, he had suffered a small loss.

Stabilizing his figure and using the momentum he gained from being thrown out, Luo Hai continued to flee towards the Star Field!

The light mass which contained Yang Kai and Su Yan flickered once again and appeared in front of Luo Hai mysteriously.

“Boy, don’t go too far!” Luo Hai was so angry he coughed up blood. Although he knew that Yang Kai cultivated the Dao of Space, he never thought he would be toyed with in such a manner by it.

Those who cultivated the Dao of Space had unique advantages in both escaping and pursuing others. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

If this were not the case, Luo Hai would have caught Yang Kai a year ago rather than allowing him to escape to Scarlet Wave Star.

“Now you want to talk about going too far? Why didn’t you think of this when you chased me across the Star Field? It’s useless to say anything more. Today, you die!”

A massive Void Crack suddenly formed, like the giant maw of an ancient beast, and bit towards Luo Hai, as if trying to swallow him whole. Luo Hai didn’t dare meet this attack and could only dodge desperately while searching for an opportunity to escape.