Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1689, Knowledge Sea

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Xiu Zhu, Chu Han Yi and Lin Yu Rao got ten Domain Stones each as they wished.

All of them believed that with so many Domain Stones, they would be able to comprehend the mysteries of Domain. Coupled with their experiences in the Blood Prison Trial, their chances of breaking through to the Origin King Realm would not be small when they left Shadowed Star next time.

The others in the hall were also given different numbers of Domain Stones according to their cultivation.

Yang Kai gave five to each Second-Order Origin Realm, and three to each First-Order.

As long as they could make good use of the gentle energy in these Domain Stones, it wouldn’t be a problem for them to condense their Shi to the grand accomplishment stage.

It was not that Yang Kai was being stingy or was unwilling to give them more, it was just that giving them more would be pointless. Although Domain Stones were consumable resources, they were very different from Saint Crystals as they could each be used for an extended time.

The Domain Stones given out by Yang Kai would be sufficient for their use for quite a while.

After distributing these Domain Stones, Yang Kai took out a large number of artifacts with different appearances and superior grades from his Space Ring.

These artifacts were all trophies Yang Kai obtained from his exploits, most of which he had taken from the Monster Race masters he had killed from Monster Emperor Star. All the artifacts he took out were Origin Grade, with no lack of those at the High-Rank.

With these artifacts, Yang Kai believed that the strength of everyone present would greatly improve, and their chances of survival in the coming battle with Corpse Spirit Religion would also increase. As for how to distribute these things, Yang Kai did not need to consider it, simply handing everything over to Ye Xi Yun to process.

There were also all kinds of pills and auxiliary resources.

Yang Kai’s Space Ring was a veritable treasure trove, and everything he took out shocked and moved the people in the hall.

After finishing this, Yang Kai brought Xia Ning Chang and Su Yan back to First Heavenly Palace.

Since establishing High Heaven Sect, Yang Kai had been living in First Heavenly Palace, and although the area of ​​this palace was not too large, it was not small either, with many different rooms and courtyards available to use. In the past, only Yang Kai lived here, but now, Su Yan and Xia Ning Chang would naturally be accompanying him.

Although High Heaven Sect was perfectly safe and there was no need to worry about any kind of danger befalling them, Yang Kai still hoped to improve the strength of his dearest people.

There was no need to worry about Su Yan as she now possessed the power of the Ice Phoenix Source as well as Profound Frost. With her Third-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivation, no one on Shadowed Star could be her opponent unless Qian Tong personally made a move.

And naturally, Qian Tong attacking Su Yan was impossible.

Xia Ning Chang had just recently broken through to the Second-Order Origin Returning Realm. Since becoming the Star Master of Tong Xuan Realm, her cultivation speed had become even faster than before. Over the years, she had immersed herself in Alchemy, and with her Special Constitution, her strength would continue to increase even if she did not deliberately cultivate.

However, Second-Order Origin Returning Realm was still too weak in the end.

Yang Kai took out a deep green coloured Artifact Armour and a wheel-shaped artifact before handing both to Xia Ning Chang, “Little Senior Sister, find some time to refine these two things, I believe they will be very helpful to you.”

“This Artifact Armour is quite beautiful,” Xia Ning Chang did not pay any attention to the wheel-shaped artifact at first and instead became engrossed with the green Artifact Armour.

Yang Kai chuckled, “Although I don’t know the specific grade of this Artifact Armour, it is definitely Origin King Grade. With it, few people in this world will be able to break your defences.”

Xia Ning Chang was not very proficient in combat, so this defensive Artifact Armour was undoubtedly best suited for her.

“Where did Junior Brother obtain this from? Isn’t it quite precious?” Xia Ning Chang held it and looked it over a few times, seemingly quite fond of it.

“It doesn’t matter whether it’s precious or not, the important thing is whether it can protect you for me.”

Xia Ning Chang looked up at Yang Kai and smiled with a satisfied expression.

This Artifact Armour was something he obtained in the Blood Prison. When Yang Kai retrieved Mad Crocodile Monster King’s Origin Essence Crystal, he had also obtained his Space Ring along with its contents.

Mad Crocodile Monster King was a peak Third-Order Origin King before he died, so how could the items in his Space Ring possibly be ordinary?

It was not an exaggeration to say that most of the artifacts and pills that Yang Kai had distributed in the hall earlier came from Mad Crocodile Monster King’s Space Ring.

Compared with this Origin King Grade Artifact Armour, however, the rest of the wealth in that Space Ring was not worth mentioning. Of course, this wealth was not anything to scoff at either and would be enough to support the current High Heaven Sect for a few years at the very least.

“Take this one too,” Yang Kai pressed the wheel-shaped artifact into her hands again.

This wheel-like artifact was also an Origin King Grade artifact and originally belonged to Heaven Battling Union: the Sun and Moon Golden Wheel!

When Yang Kai fought with Heaven Battling Union Master Qu Zheng and killed him, this Sun and Moon Golden Wheel was the greatest trophy he obtained and he had been holding onto it since then. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

As long as Little Senior Sister refined these two Origin King Grade artifacts, she would no longer need to fear any enemy below the Origin King Realm.

Xia Ning Chang did not raise any objections and obediently accepted the green Artifact Armour and Sun and Moon Golden Wheel from Yang Kai. Casting a quick, nervous glance over towards Su Yan, who had been sitting nearby, Little Senior Sister quickly arrived in front of Yang Kai and kissed him on the cheek before scamping away like a frightened rabbit.

She moved extremely fast, as if running away after doing something shameful.

Su Yan looked at Yang Kai with a smile and said meaningfully, “Ning Chang has become far more courageous, it must be your bad influence!”

Yang Kai could only let out a burst of hollow laughter.

He had nothing to give to Su Yan now as back in Ice Heart Valley, he had given her the most important Ice Phoenix Empress Inheritance. At the same time, Yang Kai had given her the Ten Thousand Year Ice Jade Pedestal.

With the assistance of the Ten Thousand Year Ice Jade Pedestal, Su Yan’s cultivation speed had greatly increased, and with Profound Frost, there was no point in giving her additional outside boosts.

Yang Kai suddenly remembered Shan Qing Luo, about how he had separated from her in the Blood Prison and given her two hundred Domain Stone as well as the Origin King Grade Thunder Fire Seven Birds Whip.

He could not help wondering how that enchantress was doing now and whether her cultivation was going well.

Yang Kai then thought about Yang Yan...

“Senior Sister, please cultivate first. I’ll be going out for a bit,” Yang Kai suddenly got up.

Su Yan nodded lightly, took out the Ten Thousand Year Ice Jade Pedestal, sat cross-legged in front of it, held a Domain Stone in her palm, closed her eyes, and began to cultivate.

Yang Kai left First Heavenly Palace and flew straight towards the centre of the Flowing Flame Sand Field.

Although he had learned from Ye Xi Yun that Yang Yan was still in a state of deep sleep, her condition not having changed all these years, Yang Kai still wanted to see her with his own eyes.

On Shadowed Star, Yang Yan was no doubt his closest friend, and if there had been no accidents, that friendship would likely have lasted a lifetime.

However, the events surrounding Yang Yan’s life were much too grand for that to happen now, and it was impossible to say exactly who she would be after she truly awoke. Even Yang Kai was uncertain about the future.

The original sixth layer of the Flowing Flame Sand Field was not large, only a dozen kilometres or so in diameter.

Holding a Star Emperor Token in his hand, Yang Kai easily crossed the fifth-layer Flame Area and reached the small bamboo forest.

Yang Kai then landed and walked through the bamboo forest to the small loft at its centre.

The Flowing Flame Sand Field’s sixth layer had always been a restricted area of ​​High Heaven Sect. Previously, only Great Elder Ye Xi Yun could set foot here, with no one else being allowed to enter. It was only after the upheaval in the Sect headquarters that Ye Xi Yun had no other choice but to bring the others to the sixth layer, finally allowing the rest of High Heaven Sect to learn of the existence of this place.

However, the central loft was still off-limits to everyone.

Yang Kai was the only exception!

Crossing the bamboo forest, Yang Kai soon arrived in front of the loft, and after sweeping it with his Divine Sense, he went straight inside and ascended to the second floor.

The second floor was quite sparse, only having a simple wooden bed and nothing else.

On the wooden bed was a black-robed woman with a slender waist and a stunning figure. It was Yang Yan, whom Yang Kai had not seen for many years. She did not appear physically different from his memories, but her temperament was somewhat different.

When Yang Kai approached to look, he felt a sense of oppression coming from her Yang Yan. Even in a deep sleep, a frightening aura radiated from her figure.

It was as if just looking at her was blasphemy towards an immortal fairy.

Yang Kai was startled for a moment before his face suddenly changed.

His vision clouded and Yang Yan’s face unexpectedly began to blur, making it impossible for Yang Kai to see her clearly. It was as if she had somehow become ethereal and illusory at this moment.

His own Divine Sense was also dragged into an abyss by an invisible force, spiralling down and out of his control.

Yang Kai hastily bit the tip of his tongue and gave a small shout, the pain which allowed his Soul to break free from this whirlpool and his vision to re-focus.

A cold sweat leaked out and began soaking his clothes.

“Emperor Pressure... truly frightening!” Yang Kai muttered in lingering fear.

Even in an unconscious state, the Emperor Pressure emanating from Yang Yan was able to warp Yang Kai’s Divine Sense, making him wonder just what would happen once she awoke.

However, he had only come here to check in on Yang Yan; after all, he had not seen her for many years. When he was still quite weak, Yang Yan had helped him immensely. Without Yang Yan, there would have been no Dragon Cave Mountain or High Heaven Sect.

Yang Kai was incredibly grateful to her.

Understanding that Yang Yan was fine, just sleeping still, Yang Kai nodded lightly and was about to turn around and leave.

However, at that moment, he noticed Yang Yan’s fingers move ever so slightly, causing his body to shake as he froze in place and stared towards the wooden bed breathlessly.

An invisible force emerged from Yang Yan’s body and like the giant maw of a beast engulfed Yang Kai, not giving him any time to react or resist.

Immediately afterwards, a flash of light blinded Yang Kai’s eyes and he found himself in a familiar-looking environment.

A sea of flames rolled down below, containing terrifying energy that seemed capable of destroying Heaven and Earth. In the sky, there were various balls of multi-coloured light inside of which different scenes flashed by at such rapid speed that even Yang Kai was unable to see them clearly.

“This is...” Yang Kai frowned, looked around, and quickly understood what exactly this place was.

“A Knowledge Sea?” Yang Kai exclaimed.