Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1728, Transfer Point

The Origin King Grade Starship of High Heaven Sect was refined with a large amount of Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass, which not only greatly improved its defensive capabilities but also allowed it to disguise itself as a meteorite with the assistance of many profound Spirit Arrays.

Only Yang Yan could possibly refine such a masterpiece, however, as no other Artifact Refiner in the Star Field was capable of refining so much Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass into the hull of a Starship.

In front of Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass Mountain, with everyone watching, Yang Kai simply released Xiao Xiao and allowed him to mine at will.

The Stone Puppet had an innate Divine Ability to devour all kinds of rare ores and refine them into the purest of essences. Since the Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass was technically a type of ore, naturally the Stone Puppet had no difficulty with it.

Even Domain Stone Mountain in the Blood Prison was hollowed out by Xiao Xiao, so how could a mere Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass Mountain resist his jaws!?

Under the astonished gazes of Gong Ao Fu and the others, Xiao Xiao quickly tottered up to Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass Mountain, opened his mouth, and began biting into it.

*Ka Ka Ka Ka...*

Crunching sounds rang out as the Stone Puppet gnawed a hole into Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass Mountain at a speed visible to the naked eye. Within moments, the Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass Mountain, which had baffled Coloured Glass Sect for thousands of years, was missing a big piece.

The cultivators of Coloured Glass Sect were dumbfounded.

Soon, Xiao Xiao’s whole body had penetrated into Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass Mountain, and although no one could see how he was moving now, the continued crunching sounds clearly indicated that he was still swallowing a large amount of Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass.

“Sect Master, does this living puppet really have such a magical ability?” Gong Ao Fu exclaimed.

She knew about the existence of Xiao Xiao; after all, during the Battle of Dragon Cave Mountain back then, she had witnessed him from a distance. However, at that time, the Stone Puppet was in his stone giant form and was waving around the Heaven Shaking Pillar.

Gong Ao Fu never knew that in addition to its astonishing strength, the Stone Puppet could even easily eat Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass.

“Hehe, he’s a very special existence and has helped me a lot over the years,” Yang Kai answered casually, not bothering to explain and instead turned thoughtful as he said, “I need a lot of Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass...”

“Please help yourself, Sect Master, it doesn’t matter even if you dig out all of Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass Mountain!” Gong Ao Fu took the initiative to express her stance before he finished speaking.

“It’s nothing so exaggerated,” Yang Kai failed to stifle his laughter, “This Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass Mountain is not small, I only need about one percent of it.”

“Even so, at the current rate, that should take two or three days. If Sect Master doesn’t mind, why not spend some time on the main peak to rest first? After two days we can come back here to check on your Stone Puppet’s progress.”

“Sure,” Yang Kai nodded.

Gong Ao Fu personally led Yang Kai, Su Yan, and Xia Ning Chang to the main peak where she immediately had the best palace prepared for them.

She did not arrange a banquet for Yang Kai because she knew he did not care for such things, simply instructing a few disciples to serve his trio diligently but not disturb him unless absolutely necessary.

Three days later, everything was in order. Xiao Xiao had swallowed Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass for the past three days straight, causing his belly to swell noticeably.

Yang Kai had him spit out the Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass immediately, and after storing it into a Space Ring, he bid farewell to Gong Ao Fu.

Before leaving, he left some Origin Grade artifacts for Coloured Glass Sect, as well as some Origin Grade pills used for cultivation.

This was a kind of compensation for him taking away so much Thousand Illusion Coloured Glass. Whether it was Origin Grade artifacts or Origin Grade pills, both were extremely rare and valuable on Shadowed Star, so Gong Ao Fu happily accepted them and brought all the Elders and elite disciples to see Yang Kai off.

Ten days later, inside High Heaven Sect.

In the main square outside the meeting hall, a brand new Space Array had been arranged by Yang Kai.

This Space Array was somewhat different from the ones Yang Kai had arranged on Shadowed Star previously. The main difference was that it was much smaller while also possessing a more profound aura.

This was a Cross-Cultivation Star Space Array!

This was the Space Array Yang Kai would use to locate High Heaven Sect!

Just like how he had done before, with this Space Array in place, all Yang Kai needed to do now was arrange another Space Array on a nearby star and he would be able to create a two-way link between them.

With this, High Heaven Sect now had two main Space Arrays.

One was arranged outside High Heaven Sect to connect it with the rest of Shadowed Star, while the other was arranged inside the Sect in preparation to connect with the rest of the Star Field.

During the past three months, High Heaven Sect had devoted all its efforts and resources to collecting Space Spirit Crystals for Yang Kai, but had still only managed to gather two thousand pieces.

These Space Spirit Crystals represented almost all of what was currently available on Shadowed Star, and unless some new Space Spirit Crystal mineral lodes were discovered, there would likely be a shortage of them in the near future. However, according to Yang Kai’s calculations, these Space Spirit Crystals would be enough to arrange three or four Cross-Cultivation Star Space Arrays.

After taking care of some last issues and bidding farewell to his family and friends, Yang Kai once again visited the sixth layer of the Flowing Flame Sand Field and chatted with Yang Yan for a while before summoning his Star Shuttle and flying off into the Starry Sky.

In High Heaven Sect, ten thousand people looked up into the sky to watch the departing light until it disappeared from sight.

“Be safe!” Su Yan and Xia Ning Chang stood atop different peaks as they shared the same silent wish in their hearts.

.....

Millions of kilometres from Shadowed Star, an invisible Astral Wind blew about recklessly, creating numerous big and small Starry Sky Storms which crashed together, were worn down, and then gathered together over and over and over again.

A vast and chaotically drifting Asteroid Sea which could rip apart any cultivator or Starship who tried to break through it haphazardly also swirled about.

This was the great barrier which isolated Shadowed Star.

The cultivators of Shadowed Star called it the Dead Zone!

Several million kilometres wide, this Dead Zone wrapped Shadowed Star in an all but impenetrable barrier that prevented anyone from leaving or arriving on Shadowed Star. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

If it was just these dangers though, it would not be enough to stop Origin King Realm masters from arriving here, and even if Shadowed Star was quite remote, there would always be an Origin King who was curious and visited over a ten thousand year period.

However, the Dead Zone was also flooded with a certain power that even Origin King Realm masters dreaded.

Emperor Pressure!

Only Emperor Pressure could deter Origin Kings from approaching.

When Yang Kai left Shadowed Star with Qian Tong and the others last time, he had relied on the powerful defences of the Origin King Grade Starship to pass this region, but this time, he had come out alone and naturally left the Origin King Grade Starship behind in case some kind of accident occurred.

As such, Yang Kai was only able to rely on himself.

He did not know how this Dead Zone was formed before, but after hearing about so many ancient secrets from Yang Yan, he clearly realized that this Dead Zone was the remains of the battlefield between Yang Yan and the Insect Emperor.

That was why this place was still filled with Emperor Pressure and why it was so extremely dangerous.

Fortunately, although the Emperor Pressure here was indeed terrifying, it was not the first time that Yang Kai had experienced it. When the Emperor Garden had truly opened, Yang Kai had even used the Emperor Pressure it released to integrate his Space Force into his Shi.

In regards to withstanding Emperor Pressure, Yang Kai was more confident than anyone.

Rushing straight into the Dead Zone, Yang Kai began dodging the flowing asteroids which came at him from all directions.

The invisible Star Field Astral Winds sliced past him like sharp blades, cutting into his flesh, causing a harsh metallic sound to ring out constantly.

Five coloured light blossomed from Yang Kai’s figure suddenly as he began using his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art to protect his body!

With the constant use of Shadowed Heaven Pills, Yang Kai’s physical strength had already grown to an unimaginable state.

The invisible Astral Winds which could even force back an Origin King now could not even harm Yang Kai, and the occasional asteroid which managed to hit him would break upon impact.

Yang Kai charged into fierce Star Field Storms without fear and was instantly swallowed up by it.

Before long, Yang Kai rushed out from the other side of the storm safe and sound.

Cutting a path through all these obstacles, Yang Kai’s momentum was unstoppable!

Yang Kai was even able to leisurely feel the mysteries of the ambient Emperor Pressure that flooded this place.

This was even more helpful to his growth than absorbing the energy inside Domain Stones.

Yang Kai’s Shi had already reached the grand accomplishment stage, and his Saint Qi and Spiritual Energy had all reached the pinnacle of what an Origin Returning Realm master could possess.

If not for him being suppressed by Shadowed Star’s World Principles, Yang Kai could have already attempted to break through to the Origin King Realm.

As time passed slowly, his gains grew bigger and bigger.

However, Yang Kai soon discovered a problem. While it was indeed a rare opportunity to experience to comprehend the Emperor Pressure inside the Dead Zone, he clearly felt that it was too profound for him to grasp, unlike the energy inside Domain Stones.

After thinking about it for a while, Yang Kai understood.

He was currently at the peak of the Origin Returning Realm, with the next realm being the Origin King Realm. After the Origin King Realm though, there was a higher realm, and above that was the realm where Yang Yan stood, the true owner of this Emperor Pressure.

It was indeed a bit too ambitious to try to comprehend Emperor Pressure right now.

Yang Kai was like a child who had not yet learned to crawl trying to stand up and run, he was obviously somewhat incapable.

It seemed that the best time to experience the mysteries of the Dead Zone would be after he reached the Origin King Realm!

Realizing this, Yang Kai no longer wasted his time and rushed forward as fast as he could.

With the Star Chart in his Knowledge Sea, Yang Kai did not have to worry about getting lost in the vast Star Field. By using his Star Chart, Yang Kai was also able to estimate the distances between different stars and Shadowed Star, allowing him to choose ideal places to arrange Space Arrays.

Many days later, Yang Kai landed on an icy Dead Star.

There were countless Dead Stars in the Star Field, ones without World Energy or even World Principles. Perhaps after billions of years, some of the Dead Stars could evolve and give rise to life again, but such matters were too remote for mere cultivators to consider. However, most Dead Stars would remain barren and desolate from birth to destruction.

After landing, Yang Kai didn’t immediately rest but instead began surveying the surrounding three-hundred-thousand-kilometre region.

After confirming that there were no living creatures here, he found a mountain valley-like area and began preparing to arrange the first Space Array!

This Space Array would be a transfer point for Shadowed Star to contact the outside world, and was an indispensable strategic location.