Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1735, Gu Jian Xin

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

Somewhere in the Asteroid Sea, Yang Kai concealed both his figure and aura. He believed that it would be impossible for them to find any trace of him even if they were separated by just a hundred kilometres and the opponent was an Origin King Realm master.

Taking the opportunity, Yang Kai inspected Xiao Xiao’s condition again.

It was because he noticed some changes in Xiao Xiao before that he thought about entering this Asteroid Sea to stop for a while, ultimately resulting in him being sneak attacked by Li Ming Hai.

With some time on his hands now, Yang Kai naturally turned his attention to Xiao Xiao again.

After a brief inspection, Yang Kai was overjoyed.

The stone cocoon which had formed around Xiao Xiao now showed visible cracks, similar to the ones which appeared when he was first born. This was an obvious sign that Xiao Xiao was about to break out of his shell.

It was not suitable to have him break out in the Asteroid Sea. Yang Kai didn’t know if the Stone Puppet’s evolution would cause any obvious signs. If he stayed here, it would only be discovered by Li Ming Hai and others.

With no other choice, Yang Kai could only dive into the Sealed World Bead with Xiao Xiao.

Since bringing the elites from the Human, Monster, and Demon Races from Tong Xuan Realm to High Heaven Sect, the Small Sealed World had once again become vacant.

Staring at the stone cocoon in front of him, Yang Kai waited quietly.

Soon after, the stone cocoon made a cracking sound, and the existing fissures became bigger and denser.

Finally, after cracks filled the entire stone cocoon’s surface, Xiao Xiao burst out of it.

Xiao Xiao’s body dexterously fell in front of Yang Kai, his eyes which had been somewhat dull before were now extremely bright, seeming to contain the light of wisdom. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Discovering that Yang Kai was watching him, Xiao Xiao grinned, then stood there scratching his head with his knee-length arms.

Yang Kai stroked his chin as he released his Divine Sense and scanned Xiao Xiao.

“Nothing changed!” After a long while, he murmured with a suspicious look on his face.

After this most recent evolution, Yang Kai had expected Xiao Xiao to experience some kind of radical change, but now it seemed his expectations were a little too high. Xiao Xiao did undergo some changes after swallowing so many rare ores on that Dead Star.

After absorbing the essence of these ores, Xiao Xiao had become noticeably stronger.

This was similar to how a cultivator would take pills used for cultivation, resulting in a definite increase in strength.

But other than that, there did not seem to be any big changes!

If there was anything, it was that Xiao Xiao’s eyes had become nimbler, a clear sign his sentience had increased, but it had still not reached a remarkable level.

“Show me your bigger form!” Yang Kai commanded.

Xiao Xiao immediately obeyed and transformed into his stone giant form, reaching a dozen metres in height, giving off an awe-inspiring and oppressive air!

“And your lava armour?” Yang Kai asked again.

Xiao Xiao’s surface instantly released flaming hot Sun’s True Fire, creating a layer of flowing, terrifying magma around him.

“Yeah... there are no noticeable changes!” Yang Kai frowned as he felt he was failing to understand something. It was reasonable to think that after swallowing the remnant Star Source of that Dead Star Xiao Xiao had obtained some great benefits.

After all, after swallowing it, his reaction was extremely strong and even caused him to revert to a stone cocoon form.

But the final result turned out to be so anticlimactic.

Unable to understand it for the time being, Yang Kai did not bother continuing to probe this matter. There was plenty of time in the future to study what had happened so Yang Kai simply commanded Xiao Xiao to resume his regular form and left him in the Small Sealed World.

As soon as he returned to the asteroid he was hiding on before, Yang Kai realized that something had changed.

A hundred kilometres away, Li Ming Hai’s group had used some kind of Secret Technique to further conceal their auras, almost disappearing from Yang Kai’s perception.

Additionally, in the distance, a Starship was slowly approaching!

This was the Starship of Sword Union’s Young Union Master!

This Young Union Master had come rather quickly. No wonder Li Ming Hai had not hesitated to attack Yang Kai. Obviously, the time before their plan was to start was very soon and Li Ming Hai had not wanted there to be any accidents.

In the end though, not only had Li Ming Hai failed to kill Yang Kai, he had also provoked a hidden enemy for himself. If Li Ming Hai knew this, it was not clear how he would react.

Yang Kai looked towards the location of the approaching Starship and judged it would be at most an hour before the two parties met. Unable to stop himself from drawing a sharp breath, Yang Kai waited in anticipation for a good show!

As time passed little by little, the atmosphere in the huge Asteroid Sea seemed to become tense.

Soon, Yang Kai discovered that Sword Union’s Young Union Master was travelling in a convoy of Starships, with the centre one being slightly larger, about three hundred metres in length.

The left and right Starships were only two hundred metres each.

A small fleet of three Starships!

As they were still too far away, Yang Kai did not know what grade these three Starships were, but they weren’t lower than Origin Grade.

Sword Union was indeed a super force! Origin Grade Starships were considered strategic assets to the Sects on Shadowed Star, but Sword Union could send out three together.

However, the appearance of these three Starships was far different from the one refined by Yang Yan. Bluntly put, these Starships looked more like big sailing ships, especially the one in the middle. It was like a great ocean vessel sailing across the Starry Sky. Its bow was quite sharp, and the body was slender, almost giving it the appearance of a long sword from a distance.

On the decks of the three Starships, cultivators could be seen moving about.

The approaching Starships were clearly unaware of the crisis waiting in ambush in this Asteroid Sea and sailed straight towards it at speed. When the distance shrank to only fifty kilometres though, Li Ming Hai, who had been hiding behind a giant asteroid, decided to take action.

Even if they were separated by a hundred kilometres, Yang Kai could clearly feel a powerful wave of energy well up and from several nearby locations in the Asteroid Sea, an intense light appeared.

Immediately afterwards, dozens of white light beams shot out from the Asteroid Sea like arrows from a bow, showering down on the three Starships in the distance like a rain of lightning.

With such an obvious disturbance and such powerful energy fluctuations, the three Starships obviously took notice and the cultivators on deck all rushed out, summoned their defensive artifacts, and protected the Starship as best they could.

The three Starships themselves also reacted extremely quickly.

With a brilliant flash, a visible energy barrier surrounded each of the three Starships. The Starships also rapidly changed course in an attempt to dodge the incoming fire.

However, Li Ming Hai and his subordinates had been waiting here for quite some time and were well prepared. The sneak attack they launched was perfectly timed, making it impossible for the three Starships to avoid being hit.

The several dozen white pillars of light hit upon the three Starships like a giant wave crashing upon them.

A brighter light erupted as the Starship on the far left was unable to withstand this attack, its shield shattering before its hull was penetrated by several beams of light, resulting in severe damage and a massive explosion!

No one could escape from the ship’s destruction.

The cultivators on this Starship, along with the Starship itself, were extinguished entirely by Li Ming Hai’s first sneak attack!

The Starship on the right had better luck. Although its defensive shield was also worn down rapidly, it had suffered far fewer attacks and its hull was only penetrated by two pillars of light.

Although the Starship was clearly crippled, it did not explode apart, so at least part of the crew had managed to survive.

The cultivators who survived fled from the Starship in a hurry though with everyone in a flurry as they searched for the enemy. After seeing what had become of the left-most Starship, these survivors felt both fear and anger deep in their hearts.

Among the three Starships, only the one in the middle, the largest, remained in relatively good condition.

Although it had withstood more attacks than the other two ships, this Starship was obviously of a very high grade and its defensive shield was not completely breached, though it had become extremely dim.

Before the survivors could recover, Li Ming Hai and his subordinates rushed out.

Immediately after triggering the pillars of light, Li Ming Hai and his subordinates took action, seemingly having anticipated this situation. Arriving in front of the surviving starships, these ambushers summoned their offensive artifacts and began attacking.

The already dim defensive shield was quickly broken.

“Li Ming Hai! So it’s you!” From the middle Starship, a terrifying roar rang out. By listening to this voice, it was clear it belonged to a young man who was filled with monstrous anger, “You dare attack this Young Master? Do you understand the consequences of your actions?”

“The consequences of attacking the Young Union Master, this old master is well aware,” Among the crowd, the exposed Li Ming Hai remained indifferent, not showing the slightest panic. “This old master is also an Elder of Sword Union, so how could he not understand the rules? However, if Young Union Master thinks he can dissuade this old master with such flimsy talk of rules, this old master will have to disappoint.”

“Good, very good! It seems that you are ready to bear the violent anger of this Young Master,” From the Starship, Gu Jian Xin’s voice echoed and soon, a young man appeared on its deck. This young man had a brave and heroic appearance, with a handsome face and a sharp light in his eyes that seemed to gleam like swords.

Sword Union’s Young Union Master, Gu Jian Xin!

Standing tall, like a sword, on the Starship’s deck, even facing an Origin King like Li Ming Hai, he did not show the slightest bit of fear, his expression simply remaining cold and indifferent.

Next to Gu Jian Xin there were two women, one to the left, one to the right. One was tall and had rich curves and lustrous eyes. The other was quite petite and had a delicate-looking face and long black hair that reached all the way down her back. These two women had completely different appearances and temperaments, but they both shared the same fearless, even somewhat eager, look on their faces as Gu Jian Xin.