Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1736, Three Swords Brilliance Secret Technique

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

Li Ming Hai and Gu Jian Xin’s eyes collided and sparks seemed to fly.

The former soon frowned slightly though.

He was shocked to discover that Gu Jian Xin’s aura was thicker than when he saw him last.

It seemed the rumours were true. If there were no surprises, Young Union Master Gu Jian Xin would be able to attempt to break through to the Origin King Realm within the next three to five years!

Once he successfully reached the Origin King Realm, with his Universe Sword Body’s Special Constitution, coupled with the Left and Right Sword Servants, no ordinary First-Order Origin King would be his opponent. He would even be able to fight with some Second-Order Origin Kings!

A true monster! No wonder Vice Union Master Wei Qian Zong was so eager to eradicate Gu Jian Xin, obviously, he had noticed just how terrifying the latter’s growth had become.

Fortunately, a rare opportunity had presented itself here today. As long as Gu Jian Xin died, Sword Union would fall into the Vice Union Master’s hands in the future; after all, a genius who failed to mature was no genius!

“Li Ming Hai, this Young Master has only one question!” Gu Jian Xin stood on the deck with his hands behind his back, “How did you know that this Young Master would travel through here?”

Li Ming Hai narrowed his eyes and said coldly, “Young Union Master already knows the answer in his heart, why bother asking this old master?”

Gu Jian Xin nodded lightly, “It seems that there are traitors around this Young Master. Very well, once this is all over, this Young Master will route them out.”

“Young Union Master need not worry about such matters as you have no future!” Li Ming Hai waved his hand and shouted, “Kill them all, don’t let a single one escape!”

If there were any survivors from this incident, it would bring great trouble, so Li Ming Hai didn’t plan to leave any witnesses alive.

With the order given, the Origin Realm masters around Li Ming Hai took action, attacking the enemy cultivators who had escaped the right escort Starship.

Atop the middle Starship where Gu Jian Xin stood, a large number of cultivators also emerged, eager to meet the enemy.

Instantly, the Asteroid Sea was filled with brilliant flashes of light as artifacts and Secret Techniques continued to bloom.

Although there weren’t many people on Li Ming Hai’s side, thirty at most; all of them were masters at or above the Second-Order Origin Returning Realm, giving his side a very high combat effectiveness. On the other side, Gu Jian Xin had two hundred or so cultivators supporting him, but their cultivations were somewhat mixed and the number of masters they had was less than Li Ming Hai’s side.

Most importantly though, with an Origin King like Li Ming Hai presiding over the situation, the pressure on Gu Jian Xin’s side was too great, making it difficult for the Origin Realm masters on the latter’s side to display their full strength.

As such, when the two sides made contact, Gu Jian Xin’s side immediately began suffering heavy casualties while Li Ming Hai’s side remained undamaged.

For the start, Li Ming Hai’s group had absolute superiority over Gu Jian Xin’s people.

The battle had already started, but Li Ming Hai did not rush to take action, instead just staring at Gu Jian Xin and the two women next to him with a solemn look on his face.

It seemed that this man and two women in front of him were opponents worthy of him taking seriously.

He didn’t move, but Gu Jian Xin, whose side was clearly weaker, naturally didn’t dare to act rashly, only able to watch his subordinates fall one by one in frustration.

After a long silence, Li Ming Hai said faintly, “Young Union Master, do you want to take your own life or do you need this old master to send you on your way?”

“Old dog, you think you’ve already defeated this Young Master?” Gu Jian Xin shouted coldly.

Li Ming Hai slowly shook his head, “Since this Li dared to appear here, naturally he is fully prepared. Young Union Master is indeed a dragon among men, with your Universe Sword Body and your Left and Right Sword Servants who have cultivated together with you since childhood, you are truly extremely difficult to deal with, but... Young Union Master has not arrived at the Origin King Realm, after all. If you had already reached the Origin King Realm, this old master would definitely not be your opponent. Unfortunately, Young Union Master is destined to be unable to escape today.”

“Whether I can escape this crisis today or not, you will know after you try,” Gu Jian Xin roared as he summoned a white long sword into his hand. Sword light surrounding his body, he soared up from the deck!

This sword light was like a rising sun covering the earth, brilliant and majestic.

When he moved, the two women who had been standing behind him also moved. Like Gu Jian Xin, they summoned their swords, released brilliant sword light from their bodies, and followed after Gu Jian Xin.

Different from Gu Jian Xin, however, the sword light these two females emitted manifested as a great crescent moon and a sea of shimmering stars.

The three sword lights rapidly merged into one and exuded a shocking momentum that far surpassed what an Origin Returning Realm master should be able to. A long sword light cut through the void and slashed towards Li Ming Hai in the next instant!

Li Ming Hai’s eyes flashed as he was truly shocked by the might of Gu Jian Xin’s Secret Technique, calling out loud, “Sun, Moon, and Stars, the Three Swords Brilliance Secret Technique is truly deserving of its reputation! With just this, Young Union Master can already be considered invincible in the Origin Returning Realm! Unfortunately... your Left and Right Sword Servants are slightly worse than your own, and you are not an Origin King. Let this old master show you just how big the gap between the Origin Realm and the Origin King Realm is!”

Saying so, an invisible force spread out from Li Ming Hai’s body.

Domain!

Li Ming Hai had broken through to the Origin King Realm over five hundred years ago and could already be considered an established master in this realm. Even if he had no hope of advancing his cultivation higher in the future, and his Domain was not that strong, in the end, it was still a Domain!

An Origin Returning Realm cultivator who was enveloped in a Domain was destined to be completely suppressed, unable to resist.

However, Li Ming Hai’s Domain was actually unable to stop Gu Jian Xin’s trio. From the sword light of these three, a new force emerged suddenly and easily broke through the Li Ming Hai Domain suppression.

Li Ming Hai’s eyes shrank as he shouted in a low voice, “Bright Sea Domain Dividing Mirror! To think Union Master gave you this treasure!”

The Bright Sea Domain Dividing Mirror was an Origin King Grade artifact, and after being activated, it could nullify the effects of an Origin King’s Domain to a large extent. If the opponent wasn’t strong enough, it was even possible for this mirror to shatter their Domain entirely.

This strange treasure was quite famous throughout the Star Field; after all, artifacts that could resist Domain were extremely rare.

With the help of this treasure, Gu Jian Xin and his two Sword Servants weren’t suppressed by Li Ming Hai’s Domain and were able to send their attack towards him.

Facing the Sun, Moon, and Stars Three Swords Brilliance Secret Technique, Li Ming Hai didn’t dare act carelessly. Flipping his wrist, the long spear artifact which he had used to attack Yang Kai before appeared again and he began pouring his Saint Qi into it. A shocking force condensed at the tip of the spear as Li Ming Hai flew forward to meet Gu Jian Xin’s trio in close combat.

The clank of metal rang out instantly.

Sword and spear shadows flooded a massive region as the four figures of Li Ming Hai and Gu Jian Xin’s trio were engulfed by brilliant flashes of light.

In the distance, Yang Kai stared at all of this in amazement, an expression of surprise on his face.

Being able to compete with an Origin King with just an Origin Returning Realm cultivation was not something that could normally be achieved, but Gu Jian Xin had done just that. Even though he was drawing strength from the two women behind him, it was clear he wouldn’t be suppressed any time soon.

Moreover, the cultivation of those two women was obviously inferior to Gu Jian Xin, both of them seemingly just Second-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivators; however, it was also clear that these three had cultivated some kind of profound Secret Technique that allowed them to consolidate their strength and exert a force far beyond that of an ordinary Origin Realm master.

[This Young Union Master of Sword Union was quite impressive!]

When the battle between the two sides started, Yang Kai had already left his hiding place and stealthily approached the battlefield to observe more closely.

Eighty percent of his attention was focused on Li Ming Hai as he looked for an opportunity to launch a sneak attack.

To deal with an Origin King like Li Ming Hai, if the right timing was not grasped, it would only result in alerting the enemy, so Yang Kai had to wait patiently.

Originally, he was a little worried that Gu Jian Xin and the others would be defeated in a single blow, but now, it seemed like this Young Union Master could actually fight on for some time.

While observing the fight, Yang Kai noticed a few streaks of light escaping towards the Asteroid Sea.

Obviously, the battlefield had begun to expand, with some cultivators trying to escape, and this Asteroid Sea, which was filled with obstacles, was undoubtedly the best place to escape to.

Two weaker cultivators appeared to be fleeing, and from the outline of their figures, they were probably women. At the same time, a cultivator from Li Ming Hai’s side was chasing after them.

Judging from the aura fluctuations, the two escaping women were Third-Order Saint Kings. Such cultivations really had no use in this kind of battle.

The cultivator chasing behind them was a Second-Order Origin Returning Realm master, and with the vast gap in their strengths, it was nothing less than a miracle these two women had even managed to escape this far.

Because of Li Ming Hai’s order not to leave anyone alive, the Second-Order Origin Returning Realm master didn’t intend to let the two women go and hurriedly chased after them, closing the gap between them rapidly.

The relationship between these two women was obviously close, as even when they were fleeing, they didn’t abandon one another and kept guarding each other tightly. What made Yang Kai feel helpless though, was that the direction they were moving towards was actually where he was hiding.

If nothing unexpected happened, they would fly past him within a few breaths.

Letting out a sigh, Yang Kai prepared to take action.

A moment later, the two women who were escaping flew past the asteroid where Yang Kai was hiding. At such a close distance, and with the two women already looking for suitable hiding places, they naturally found Yang Kai right away.

When their eyes met, Yang Kai was stunned for a moment while the two women on the opposite side were also stupefied.

In the next instant, the Second-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator who had been chasing them arrived though and sent out a palm towards the two frozen women. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Judging by the power of this attack, even if these two women resisted with all their strength, they would probably be seriously injured at best.

However, the palm the man sent out suddenly collapsed half-way to its target.

“What happened?” The Second-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator who had been chasing the pair of women was startled, but before he could react, he saw a golden light flash in front of him and vaguely felt a golden thread-like object cut through his neck.

The Saint Qi he used to protect himself was like paper in front of this golden thread, unable to play any effect at all. After a slight stinging pain, the cultivator’s vision grew dim and faded into darkness.