Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1754, Severed World

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

“Even without you, this entrance can be opened, it would only take a few more people,” Ni Guang said lightly, “But since you are here, there’s no point in waiting any longer.”

“En. In that case, let’s proceed,” Zi Long smiled.

Hearing the conversation between the two, Yang Kai immediately realized who this man was.

The purple-haired Second-Order Origin King was none other than the Sect Master of Purple Star, Zi Long!

Realizing this, Yang Kai also understood that the Third-Order Origin Realm cultivator beside him was Purple Star’s Young Master, Zi Dong.

Yang Kai was not surprised that Zi Dong was here, because Gu Jian Xin had mentioned that Zi Dong and Xue Yue could be placed on equal footing with him, which meant Gu Jian Xin had acknowledged Zi Dong’s strength.

These three young ‘men’ were the most famous talents in the entire Star Field! Because the three of them represented the three different super forces and were considered future successors to them.

Under these three, there were also many other famous rising stars.

Such as the disciple of Senior Wu Dao, Xu Bin Bai, Shan Qing Luo of Monster Emperor Star and the heirs to the several Monster Race Tribal Lords; however, none had reputations as loud as these three.

It was undeniable that the future of the Star Field would be dominated by these people.

Yang Kai didn’t know if there was some kind of grievances between Zi Dong and Xue Yue, or if it was just the competitive spirit of the younger generation, but as soon as these two met, both of them seemed eager to fight one another, creating some tension in the air.

But now was not a good time for such things.

The arrival of Zi Long allowed the entrance to be opened, so with Ni Guang and Zi Long taking charge, all of the gathered Origin Kings began preparing.

After a brief discussion, the Origin Kings on the scene scattered around, each assuming a position near the entrance, waiting intently.

“Then... shall we begin?” Zi Long cast his gaze over to Ni Guang and asked inquisitively.

Ni Guang nodded lightly, and in the next moment, a majestic Saint Qi burst out of his body as he formed a complex series of signs with his hands before pushing his hands forward.

A beam of energy visible to the naked eye shot out from his palms and poured into the white circular entrance.

Zi Long let out a hearty laugh and also began pouring his Saint Qi into the entrance.

The other Origin Kings present followed suit one after another, even the man wrapped in black Qi who had yet to reveal his face, and appeared incredibly suspicious, did not slack off and cooperated with everyone else in this act.

Soon, a humming sound rang out from the white entrance and the Void Cracks which had originally been freely flowing about seemed to be restrained by an invisible power, freezing in place.

As for the entrance itself, it seemed to have become a bottomless pit, devouring all the Saint Qi poured into it by the many Origin Kings present without showing any signs of stopping.

Among all the people present, only Yang Kai, Xue Yue, and Zi Dong, who were Origin Realm cultivators, did not participate and simply watched from the sidelines.

This was not a surprise though, as they were still incomparable to true Origin Kings no matter how good their aptitude was, or how profound their heritage was. What they could contribute to this kind of forceful opening of the entrance to the Severed World was like a drop of water in the ocean, so instead of wasting their energy, it was better for them to retain their strength to deal with any possible dangers they faced after entering the Severed World.

Time passed slowly.

The expressions of each Origin King became difficult as they continued to pour their Saint Qi into the entrance, causing them a great deal of consumption.

Fortunately, they had prepared a lot of pills to restore their Saint Qi in advance and were taking them regularly to supplement their losses.

The difference in cultivation also became apparent.

For First-Order Origin Kings such as Luo Lan and Cui Hong, their faces now had fine beads of sweat dripping down them and their bodies were trembling slightly. Only the Second-Order masters such as Ni Guang and Zi Long were able to retain a calm image.

More and more Void Cracks became fixed at the entrance, and with the infusion of Saint Qi, the unstable fluctuations of these Void Crack gradually dissipated, leaving behind only stable Void Cracks.

Seeing this, Yang Kai realized how everyone would enter the Severed World.

Soon after, Yang Kai’s conjectures were proven correct. When the number of stable Void Cracks reached a certain number around the primary white entrance, Ni Guang suddenly shouted, “Good!”

As soon as these words fell, all the Origin Kings stopped pouring in their Saint Qi into the void, picked one of the stable Void Cracks, and dashed inside.

After someone passed through one of the stabilized Void Cracks, the Void Crack started to destabilize and begin flitting about again.

Ni Guang and Luo Lan stood side by side, beckoned to Yang Kai and Xue Yue, and after converging together, released their Saint Qi and rushed towards the biggest Void Crack.

From a short distance away, a purple streak of light flew past and Zi Long’s laughter rang out, “Brother Ni, this old master will be going on ahead. Make sure you don’t die inside!”

As soon as these words came out, Zi Long took Zi Dong and disappeared into one of the entrances. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Ni Guang coldly snorted and rushed into the largest Void Crack.

Suddenly, the surrounding space became silent and empty.

After everyone disappeared, the entrances began to warp and distort, with more and more Void Cracks constantly emerging, turning the temporarily stable region into one filled with even more danger than before. It was conceivable that even if just as many Origin Kings gathered here, they would be unable to open the entrance again.

If one wanted to enter this place, they could only wait for the next opportunity, and when that would be was completely unknown.

After Yang Kai followed Luo Lan into the Void Crack, he felt a sense of weightlessness, as if he was falling towards an endless abyss and his Soul felt a great deal of pressure. These were all telltale signs of a substantial spatial transmission.

Yang Kai could perceive that Luo Lan was working hard to resist the pressure coming at her from all directions, but such a transmission was really nothing to him; after all, he was proficient in Space Force. So he had long adapted to this kind of Space Force pressure.

The entire transmission process was extremely fast, almost feeling like a single flash before Yang Kai’s eyes were greeted by a completely different world’s scenery.

The sky was dim, and chaotic energy fluctuations abounded. There was no sun, nor moon, nor stars. The land was dry and desolate, without a single blade of grass and only dried up, cracked ravines.

The place where everyone appeared was in midair, so as soon as they entered, they immediately descended to the ground.

Yang Kai turned his head around and found that Ni Guang, Xue Yue, and Luo Lan were all there.

However, no one else seemed to be around.

This was also easy to understand; after all, each group entered this place through different Void Cracks, and for each Void Crack, there would naturally be a different teleportation location.

Circulating their Saint Qi, the four descended lightly, with Ni Guang and Luo Lan both showing relieved expressions.

“Fortunately, we didn’t appear somewhere dangerous,” Luo Lan said softly while Ni Guang nodded in agreement, feeling their luck was already quite good.

It was not always a smooth process for Origin Kings to enter the Severed World. Without even mentioning the many crises that could not be resolved by Origin Kings in this place, it was even said that there were dangers one could encounter upon entering this place that would pose a threat to ordinary Origin Kings.

Other than encountering an extremely powerful Monster Beast, it was entirely possible to fall as soon as one entered this place.

There were many Ninth-Order Monster Beasts here, with a few Tenth-Order Monster Beasts as well. There were even rumours about legendary Eleventh-Order and Twelfth-Order Monster Beasts existing here...

But luck seemed to be on their side for now.

After landing, Yang Kai noticed that this place was quite different from the Star Field.

The World Principles here seemed to be extremely powerful, and while his Saint Qi and Spiritual Energy did not seem to be affected... his Shi was quite heavily suppressed.

Trying to release his Shi, Yang Kai found that it was less than half as powerful as normal.

Perceiving his movements, Xue Yue said to the side, “Don’t bother, everyone is like this. Not only our Shi, but even Uncle Ni’s Domain is suppressed here. The World Principles here are powerful and profound, having a strong impact on both Shi and Domain.”

Yang Kai nodded lightly; his expression slightly relaxed.

Ni Guang looked around and released his Divine Sense. Only after confirming that there was nothing that could threaten him nearby, he turned his head to Luo Lan and said, “Elder Luo, what are you planning to do next?”

Luo Lan was startled and asked suspiciously, “Senior Ni means...”

Ni Guang pondered for a while before saying, “Let me be blunt, the reason this old master invited you was because Third Young Master wanted the young man accompanying us. As for Elder Luo, you were not part of this consideration. Before we entered this place, this old master did not have anything to say, but now that we are inside, this old master would like to clarify if you intend to act together with us or alone? Let me say this first though, this young man must accompany this old master.”

Although he did not know why Xue Yue insisted on having Yang Kai come with them, he knew that Xue Yue never did anything without a purpose.

Since Xue Yue wanted to keep Yang Kai close, she must have a good reason.

Seeing Luo Lan sink in contemplation, Ni Guang said, “If you come with this old master, it will be much safer for you, but this old master won’t guarantee you will gain any benefits. If you separate from this old master, although the risks will be higher, if you can obtain some rare opportunity here, it will be worthwhile.”

What Ni Guang meant was that even if they found something good here, he would not give anything to Luo Lan unless she contributed enough strength to help obtain it.

“I understand,” Luo Lan nodded, “But... I still want to travel with you; after all, Yang Kai was brought here by me, so this Mistress cannot just abandon him here.”

She did not dare act alone without Yang Kai.

Before learning that Yang Kai was proficient in Space Force, Luo Lan had not even planned on coming to the Severed World. She had received word of this place’s opening some time ago, but since she could not guarantee her own safety, she had not thought about entering.

Her coming here was a decision she made almost entirely based on knowing Yang Kai was proficient in the Dao of Space.

As such, she did not want to be separated from Yang Kai.

Seeing her make this choice, Ni Guang didn’t show any change in expression, “If that is the case, we’ll go together. Just curious, Elder Luo: What is the main goal of your trip?”

Luo Lan glanced over at Yang Kai, pursed her lips, and smiled, “I have no special goal in mind, I simply planned to explore at will.”

She did not dare to say she was after a Shocking Void Beast, otherwise, with Ni Guang’s shrewdness, he would definitely be able to infer something.