Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1762, Blood Beast Army

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

For this reason, it was difficult for the original version of Yang Kai’s Golden Blood Thread Secret Technique, the Demon Blood Thread Secret Technique, to exert its full power in the hands of Demon Blood Temple, especially the myriad transformations technique that required a massive amount of Blood Essence to support it. No one from Demon Blood Temple was capable of meeting this requirement.

It could be said that the cultivator who created this Secret Technique only managed to envision a grand theory but was unable to perfect its practical use.

Yang Kai was different though; this Secret Technique was practically tailor-made for him! In a sense, as long as the amount of pure Golden Blood in Yang Kai’s body was large enough, he could infinitely use the Golden Blood Thread Secret Technique, a reality probably beyond even the technique’s creator’s wildest dreams.

As for the Blood Beast Secret Technique, so far, Yang Kai had only condensed two, namely the two Thunder Flame Flying Lizards of Mi Tian on Monster Emperor Star. Thunder Flame Flying Lizards were nothing more than Ninth-Order Monster Beasts, and for the current Yang Kai, they weren’t able to play much of a role, so when he fought, he never used them.

Only when the number of Blood Beasts reached a certain number could they show any use.

One or two Ninth-Order Blood Beasts would certainly not pose a threat to an Origin King, but if there were several dozen, or even hundreds of them... Even an Origin King would have to give way.

Ninth-Order Monster Beasts were hard to find, and Yang Kai had never paid too much attention to condensing Blood Beasts; however, in this Severed World, he felt like this objective might be easily achieved. This place was a paradise for high-level Monster Beasts, each of them also containing ancient bloodlines. It was truly the best place to condense Blood Beasts.

As such, Yang Kai did not bother concealing his cards and directly used a Golden Blood Thread to condense a Blood Beast.

In any case, this was not his strongest method, so even if it was exposed, it didn’t matter.

Seeing that Yang Kai had finished his business, Ni Guang nodded again without saying much, took out his artifact for detecting Void Cracks, and set off again.

The Severed World was filled with crisis, but also with opportunities.

There were many extinct spirits flowers and grasses here, as well as countless ancient Monster Beasts that had long ago disappeared from the Star Field. All of these extinct species thrived under the special World Principles of the Severed World.

Although there were two Third-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivators, which lowered the overall combat strength of their team, Yang Kai’s group of four was undoubtedly quite powerful.

As they travelled towards the medicine valley, the group of four would have some occasional harvests.

Just as Yang Kai expected, they encountered all kinds of high-end Monster Beasts, and although it wasn’t the extent that Ninth-Order Monster Beasts were everywhere, Yang Kai had not seen a beast below Eighth-Order since entering.

The group of four even encountered two Tenth-Order Monster Beasts, both of which exuded extremely powerful auras. One of them even made Ni Guang afraid, so they could only avoid it, not daring to provoke it. But the other one had the worst of luck and was killed by their group.

Whenever a Monster Beast was killed, its valuable parts such as its Monster Core, galls, claws, and teeth were all taken away by Ni Guang and Xue Yue. After all, the materials of a Ninth-Order or Tenth-Order Monster Beast were extremely valuable, so it would be strange if they simply let them off. Luo Lan was also allocated some Monster Beast materials as trophies.

Yang Kai asked for nothing and was instead satisfied with using his Golden Blood Threads to swallow the physical essence of these slain Monster Beasts and condense more Blood Beasts.

In just a few days, Yang Kai’s Blood Beast Army had grown to over a dozen in number, and even a Tenth-Order Steel-Flame Ghost Spider Monster Beast was among them, which the group of four had killed together!

This Monster Beast’s defences were extremely powerful, and his body was constantly surrounded by a pale white aura that burned anything it approached, even Origin Realm cultivators. If it were not for Ni Guang being with them, the other three would not have been able to kill this fearsome creature on their own.

This was undoubtedly Yang Kai’s greatest gain amongst his Blood Beasts.

In addition to the Steel-Flame Ghost Spider, Yang Kai also managed to refine Blood Beasts modelled after a Silent Vermillion Bird, Star King Turtle, Eight-Eyed Demon Toad, Purple-Thunderbolt Sky Leopard... all kinds of ancient Monster Beasts with peculiar and powerful bloodlines were now his to command.

On the surface, it looked as if Yang Kai obtained nothing, but on a fundamental level, he was the one who gained the most.

Because what he obtained was an enhancement to his own strength, while the others obtained nothing but treasures that needed to be processed before becoming useful to them.

After a few days of travelling together, both Ni Guang and Luo Lan also started to show some shock.

They quickly discovered that the Golden Blood Threads Yang Kai possessed seemed to be inexhaustible. When Yang Kai first processed the Tail Crown Snake’s corpse, Ni Guang did not care too much as one Blood Beast wasn’t worthy of his concern.

But the number of Blood Beasts Yang Kai had collected was now enough for him to take note of.

If these dozens or so Blood Beasts were all set upon him, even he would have a headache dealing with them.

And from the looks of it, this was far from Yang Kai’s limit.

It was hard for Ni Guang to imagine what it would be like when Yang Kai had collected a truly large number of these strange Blood Beasts.

He finally started to pay serious attention to Yang Kai!

Along the way, he occasionally used his Divine Sense to communicate with Xue Yue, wanting to probe Yang Kai’s details and inquire if it would be possible to recruit him into Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce.

Unfortunately, Xue Yue did not know much about Yang Kai personally, so she was unable to give any definite answers; however, she too had the idea of recruiting Yang Kai for quite some time.

A few days later, the number of Blood Beasts Yang Kai had under his command had reached twenty, and a real Blood Beast Army had begun to take shape. Now, whenever the group of four encountered a Monster Beast, there was not even any need for Ni Guang and the others to act. After Yang Kai’s Blood Beast Army was dispatched, any enemy was soon beaten to death, creating a kind of snowball effect.

On this day, Ni Guang, who was still leading the way, suddenly stopped, frowned, and looked around while expanding his Divine Sense.

“Uncle Ni, what happened?” Xue Yue also looked around but found no signs of danger so she could not help asking.

“Someone’s approaching.” Ni Guang’s eyes suddenly flashed as he turned his gaze towards a certain direction, quickly saying, “And they are moving fast.”

Hearing this, the others could not help wearing serious expressions as they also turned their eyes.

Soon, Yang Kai and Luo Lan also noticed signs of movement. On the distant horizon, there was indeed the aura of a living person approaching rapidly, and judging from the other’s aura fluctuations, it was obviously an Origin King. What’s more, there wasn’t just one person, but two!

Not long after, two streaks of light appeared in everyone’s eyes.

Whether it was intentional or unintentional, the direction these two people were travelling was going to take them directly towards where Yang Kai and his group had stopped.

It was not long before the distance between the two sides narrowed.

At that time, Ni Guang recognized the identities of these two and said with a cold expression, “Hmph, it’s actually those two bastards!”

“It’s actually them!” Luo Lan also could not help furrowing her brow, seemingly quite wary of those who were approaching.

Yang Kai also frowned secretly. Before entering, Xue Yue had introduced him to the Origin Kings who were present at the time, so he also recognized the origins of these two ‘guests’ at this moment.

Of these two people, one was an old man while the other was a middle-aged man, but neither of them was anything good.

The old man’s name was Kong Fa, an Elder from Galaxy Ridge.

Galaxy Ridge was considered a great force in the Star Field, but like another great force, Abandoned Lair, it had a notorious reputation! These two great forces were essentially gangs of bandits who committed all kinds of evil acts, comprised of criminal cultivators who had escaped from their original Cultivation Stars and had desperately sought refuge with them.

The favourite activity of these two forces was to wander the Star Field, and when they encountered a lone Starship, plunder it.

They were the bandits of the Star Field! Whether it was Sword Union, Purple Star, or Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce, all had suffered great losses to these two evil forces over the years. Many of these forces’ Starships had disappeared mysteriously over the millennia, their crews and supplies never to be seen again.

Although there was not much evidence that these two evil forces were responsible, everyone understood that only these lawless bandits would dare take such unscrupulous actions.

The people of Galaxy Ridge and Abandoned Lair were universally hated by the rest of the Star Field.

Robbing Starships was not the worst of it though. These two evil forces even occasionally dispatched groups of people to Cultivation Stars that did not have Origin Kings protecting them to loot cultivation resources and cultivators, bringing them back to their headquarters for enslavement and wanton abuse.

It was not an exaggeration to say that Galaxy Ridge and Abandoned Lair were plagues of the Star Field!

However, because their forces were not weak, it was impossible to eradicate them.

Before entering the Severed World, Xue Yue had warned Yang Kai that this Kong Fa from Galaxy Ridge was not anything good, and if he ever encountered him alone in the future, he had to be careful.

This old man normally wore a friendly, harmless smile, but was in fact renowned for his extreme cruelty.

The middle-aged man travelling with Kong Fa was another famous criminal in the Star Field: Xu Wei from Abandoned Lair. In Abandoned Lair, he was an Elder-level figure.

Rumour had it that Xu Wei used to be a cultivator from Purple Star, but for some unknown reason, he had betrayed them and joined Abandoned Lair.

When Xu Wei rebelled, he apparently slaughtered all the people under his command, leaving no survivors.

This incident had rocked all of Purple Star, and Purple Star even dispatched its masters to hunt him down, but Xu Wei actually managed to break through their siege with his powerful cultivation and escaped to Abandoned Lair.

This incident caused Purple Star’s face to fall sharply.

Many years later, he had established himself in Abandoned Lair and been promoted to the position of Elder!

These two were similarly notorious and heinous figures, but that still did not explain why they were travelling together, let alone why they would fly towards the direction of Ni Guang.

After recognizing these two, Ni Guang not only did not panic, but instead sneered viciously, “Good, it was not appropriate for this old master to act rashly outside, but, since they’ve willingly delivered themselves to die, this old master will oblige! Elder Luo, when the time comes, hold down one of them. This old master will kill the other, then come to assist you.”

“Of course!” Luo Lan’s pretty face became ice-cold, “My Sword Union has many grudges with these two as well. Since we have met them here, there’s no reason to let them go.”

“You two should withdraw and focus only on protecting yourselves!” Ni Guang commanded Yang Kai and Xue Yue.

Yang Kai and Xue Yue nodded at the same time and prepared to evacuate. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

A battle between four Origin Kings was about to break out, an earth-shattering event that Yang Kai had no interest in being drawn into.