Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1780, Fight for Herbs

Yang Kai searched for Space Spirit Crystals in The Void while silently keeping track of the passage of time.

Just as he felt that half an hour was up, he stopped.

In less than half an hour, he had some gains, but it was not anything much, just five Space Spirit Crystals which had been bred by The Void.

At this moment, Yang Kai came to a stop and looked around his surroundings thoughtfully.

While he was moving through The Void, he noticed that there were several places where the Space Force fluctuations were very unstable.

If his guess was right, these unstable places were where the countless Void Cracks in the Severed World connected to The Void.

In other words, exiting through these unstable points would be equivalent to leaving through Void Cracks.

In order to verify his hypothesis, Yang Kai moved forward.

The next moment, he left The Void and returned to the Severed World again.

Looking around, there was no Seven Coloured Radiant Light while behind him there was a large Void Crack, visible to the naked eye, hovering mid-air.

Yang Kai had clearly walked out of this Void Crack just now.

Looking at the Void Crack behind, Yang Kai nodded slightly as he confirmed his guess was not wrong. Inside the Void, the unstable positions were connected to the Void Cracks spread throughout the Severed World.

It was just that... Yang Kai didn’t know if this place was still inside the medicine valley.

Yang Kai scanned the surrounding environment carefully, and after a short time, he wore a happy smile and muttered to himself, “Seems my luck is good.”

Obviously, he was still within the scope of the medicine valley, because various medicinal fragrances were lingering in the air and there was a short fruit tree with three pale yellow fruits hanging from its branches not far from him.

This was a location that had not been searched yet!

This was not surprising when he thought about it. The medicine valley was massive and only a few people had entered it. On top of that, with the interference of the Seven Coloured Radiant Light, the amount of time people could search for herbs was greatly shortened. Therefore, there must be a large number of precious herbs still remaining in this medicine valley.

Yang Kai stepped out and arrived in front of the short fruit tree, leaned over slightly, and after a moment of inspection, smiled widely.

He recognized what spirit fruit these were.

They were Longevity Fruits!

These fruits had no effect on one’s cultivation, but they could prolong one’s life, and their efficacy was excellent.

With the increase in a cultivator’s strength, their lifespan would grow proportionally. If no accidents occurred, Origin Kings were capable of living for three to four thousand years, sometimes even longer; however, there was always a limit to a person’s lifespan and when they reached it, their physical body would wither away, and their vitality would scatter. At that time, there was no choice but to enter the cycle of reincarnation.

Generally, when their predestined time of death approached, masters would begin searching for precious treasures to extend their lives in the hopes that by living longer, they would achieve more breakthroughs and thus increase their lifespan.

However, ordinary treasures were of no use to powerful masters, only Spirit Pills at the Origin King Grade would be able to affect the lifespan of an Origin King. But in the Star Field, just how many Origin King Grade Spirit Pills were there that could increase one’s lifespan, and how many Grandmaster Alchemists could refine them?

Pills and herbs which could increase the lifespan of an Origin King were incredibly rare.

The Longevity Fruit in front of Yang Kai right now though could be used to refine the Longevity Pill, a Spirit Pill which could increase the lifespan of an Origin King by at least one hundred years! Unfortunately, a person could only take three such pills before they no longer had any effect, and with each pill they took, the effects would grow weaker. If one took three pills, increasing their lifespan by less each time, a two hundred year increase in lifespan wasn’t unreasonable to expect.

Two hundred years was enough for Origin Kings to do many things.

If they were able to make a breakthrough again during those two hundred years, their lifespan would be greatly increased.

It could be said that if a Longevity Pill was refined and sold to the right person, it would garner a sky-high price!

Everyone only had one life, who would not cherish it?

Even if an Origin King’s lifespan was nowhere near its end, who would not prepare for emergencies? On top of that, such a Spirit Pill could be passed down from generation to generation as a family heirloom.

Yang Kai recalled all kinds of information about the Longevity Fruit and Longevity Pill while carefully collecting the three fruits in front of him carefully to ensure that none of their medicinal efficacies would leak. Storing these fruits into a Wood Attribute container, Yang Kai carefully sealed the box before placing it in his Space Ring.

After this harvest, Yang Kai was in a good mood and continued to explore around.

Just as he suspected, no one had come here before, so during the next period of time, Yang Kai reaped significant gains. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

After half an hour passed, when the Seven Coloured Radiant Light struck again, Yang Kai found a Void Crack to escape into and search for Space Spirit Crystals while he waited.

Keeping track of time again, Yang Kai returned to the medicine valley from The Void just at the right moment.

And so, he repeated this process many times...

Yang Kai truly did not waste any time. Not only was he harvesting spirit medicines from the medicine valley, but he was also gathering true Space Spirit Crystals from The Void. Alternating between the two, Yang Kai’s harvest was definitely greater than anyone else’s.

[As I thought, it was more convenient to explore on my own rather than with others!] Yang Kai secretly sighed to himself as he thought about what would have happened if he had not chosen to prioritize Luo Lan’s reputation at that time and not dived into the Void Crack to escape.

If he had simply waited out the Seven Coloured Radiant Light, he wouldn’t have discovered such an efficient way to use time.

An unintentional good deed had yielded him this huge return.

Time passed by and Yang Kai eventually lost track of how long he had been searching through the medicine valley. Travelling back and forth between The Void and the medicine valley, Yang Kai managed to collect more than two hundred Space Spirit Crystals and nearly one hundred precious herbs.

This was an incredible harvest.

The value of both these Space Spirit Crystals and the rare herbs was extremely high, and Yang Kai was certain that others had not gained as much as he had.

However, since he separated from Luo Lan, he had not met anyone else, which Yang Kai found strange.

At one point though, as Yang Kai was following a strange medicinal fragrance, his brow suddenly furrowed.

His Divine Sense had picked up the presence of other people nearby, and it was not just one person, but three.

Two of them were together, with one being a Second-Order Origin King and the other a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator! The third person was alone.

Yang Kai and these three currently formed a kind of triangle and were all heading in the same direction, which obviously indicated that all of them were attracted by the same medicinal fragrance.

Because there were not many people who entered the medicine valley, Yang Kai immediately identified these three.

The pair was the easiest to identify because the only Third-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivators here apart from himself were Zi Dong and Xue Yue, and seeing how this aura did not belong to Xue Yue, it was obviously Zi Dong.

The one together with Zi Dong was undoubtedly Zi Long, the Sect Master of Purple Star! This father and son pair obviously would not separate in this medicine valley.

As for the lone Origin King, Yang Kai was familiar with his aura so was able to identify him as well: It was none other than Xu Wei!

Xu Wei was an Elder of Abandoned Lair and the one who had tried to use Yang Kai and Xue Yue as bait to distract the Illusionary Void Butterfly swarm.

Since Yang Kai was able to detect them with his Divine Sense, naturally the others had discovered Yang Kai as well.

As such, the instant they found there was competition, Zi Long and Zi Dong’s speed soared. Undoubtedly, they wanted to rush to the source of the medicinal fragrance before Yang Kai or Xu Wei could snatch this unknown treasure!

Zi Long acting so boldly was due to his confidence in his great strength.

As a Second-Order Origin King, in this mountain valley, only Gui Zu and Ni Guang were worthy to be his enemy. As for everyone else, Zi Long did not put any of them in his eyes, especially a junior like Yang Kai who he figured he could kill with a single finger.

On the other side, after Xu Wei hesitated for a moment, he too rushed forward.

Facing the temptation of these precious herbs, he was not willing to retreat, even if the opponent was Zi Long. On top of that, as an Elder of Abandoned Lair, Xu Wei did not need to give Zi Long any face as they were already enemies.

As the speed of both his competitors increased, Yang Kai also made his move.

A total of four people began racing towards a single central position at top speed.

“Hmph, courting death!” Zi Long thought that his presence alone would be enough to deter Yang Kai and Xu Wei and make them turn around and flee, but it now seemed these two were set on competing with him for this unknown herb.

This annoyed Zi Long greatly as he felt he was being underestimated.

Xu Wei was one thing. Although his strength was not as high, he was at least an Origin King. Killing Xu Wei here would take quite a bit of effort, and in this place, Zi Long did not want to waste time on such a fruitless endeavour.

But what was this little Third-Order Origin Returning Realm brat? Daring to challenge him despite his pitiful strength, did this boy not know how to write the word ‘death’?

“Father, do you want me to...” Zi Dong asked with a cold light in his eyes.

He too had felt uncomfortable with Yang Kai’s presence.

As the Young Master of Purple Star, him being able to enter this place was entirely because Zi Long had brought him here. Xue Yue was also a young genius comparable to him, so naturally ‘he’ too had the qualifications to appear here.

But what was this thing called Yang Kai? Zi Dong had never seen Yang Kai before, nor had he heard his name at all.

But this unknown boy had unexpectedly come to this precious place just like he and Xue Yue had.

Zi Dong felt that this place’s majesty was tainted just because Yang Kai had entered it!

Entering the same place with a random nobody was an insult to Zi Dong! Only by killing him could this humiliation be washed away.

As such, when he noticed the existence of Yang Kai, Zi Dong became eager to fight, wanting to show Yang Kai just how great the gap was in their strength and let him know that not everyone was qualified to enter the Severed World, and the price for daring to enter without the qualifications was death!

“A pitiful weakling, why bother with him!?” Zi Long coldly snorted, “If he dares to appear in front of you, you can act as you please.”

“Understood!” Zi Dong nodded when he heard the words and said with a sneer, “I’m afraid he doesn’t have the guts though.”

As soon as these words came out though, Zi Dong was stunned again because in his perception, instead of shrinking away from danger, Yang Kai increased his speed again.

“Interesting, it seems there are people who are eager to die in this world!” Zi Dong smiled viciously as he turned his eyes towards Yang Kai’s direction, as if he could not wait for Yang Kai to appear soon.