Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1781, Stalemate

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

While Zi Long and Zi Dong were speaking, Yang Kai had already identified the location of the spirit medicines from the richness of the surrounding medicinal fragrances.

This was not difficult as he had already stayed in this medicine valley for a long time and collected many different herbs. On top of that, Yang Kai himself was an Alchemist, so he was experienced in this area.

Fortunately, the unknown herbs were closest to him, and for some unknown reason, the region up ahead was filled with many Void Cracks that happened to be in Zi Long and Xu Wei’s ways. As such, while Yang Kai had an almost clear path to the herbs, the other two would have to spend some time to avoid these Void Cracks.

Thinking so, Yang Kai sped up again.

Suddenly, Yang Kai sniffed the air again as a look of surprise appeared on his face, “More than one kind?”

At this moment, he was able to identify several different medicinal fragrances, which was why previously the fragrance itself had seemed a bit turbid and indistinguishable.

Yang Kai gazed up ahead and saw that a few thousand metres away, on a small hillside, five small lavender flowers were blowing in the wind. Each of these flowers was about the size of a palm and had nine petals that were releasing an inexplicable charm.

Behind these flowers, there was also a huge Void Crack that seemed like a giant beast’s mouth that was just waiting to swallow up these five strange flowers.

“Those are...” Yang Kai’s eyes narrowed, but in the next moment he recognized what they were and shouted, “Enlightenment Flowers!”

These were the Enlightenment Flowers mentioned by Gui Zu before!

Gui Zu had previously stumbled upon this medicine valley and managed to collect a few Enlightenment Flowers that were growing on its periphery. It was at that point Gui Zu realized the value of this medicine valley, but because of several scruples, he couldn’t explore its depths. Even so, he had been quite satisfied with his harvest because Enlightenment Flowers were able to help a cultivator perceive the Heavenly Way and Martial Dao and improve their realm. This was an incredibly attractive treasure for Origin Kings.

When cultivating, a petal of Enlightenment Flower in one’s mouth could offer miraculous effects.

Enlightenment Flowers also had different appearances depending on their medicinal age, and as they grew older, their medicinal efficacies also increased. An Enlightenment Flower would not bloom until it was at least three hundred years old, and when it first blossomed it would only have three petals. Every hundred years thereafter, one more petal would be added until it reached a maximum of nine petals.

Nine was the highest! An Enlightenment Flower with nine petals would have a medicinal age of at least nine hundred years.

From that point on, although the number of petals would not increase, the Enlightenment Flower’s colour would slowly change, from its original white to bright red, blood red, then eventually purple.

Each transformation would take many years and be much harder than the growth of its petals.

The five Enlightenment Flowers in front of Yang Kai were already a deep lavender colour; in other words, the medicinal age of these Enlightenment Flowers was at least three thousand years!

This kind of treasure had incalculable value to an Origin King. If an Origin King was able to collect these five Enlightenment Flowers, they wouldn’t even need any other kinds of auxiliaries to assist them in their future cultivation. As long as they digested a single petal at appropriate times in their secluded meditation, they would be able to steadily improve their cultivation.

So as soon as Yang Kai discovered these five Enlightenment Flowers, he realized their great value.

Of all the precious treasures Yang Kai had collected up until now, only the two Divine Nirvana Fruits were comparable in value to these Enlightenment Flowers!

Yang Kai’s blood boiled as he prepared to rush up and snatch these five Enlightenment Flowers.

But just as he moved, his whole body suddenly tightened as a chill shot up his spine. At the same time, out of the corner of his eye, he saw a purple streak of light fly towards him like an all-piercing sword.

This purple light contained an indescribable and extremely terrifying aura. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

This was definitely not the attack of an Origin Returning Realm cultivator, but rather one from an Origin King. On top of that, the Origin King who released this strike was definitely not weak.

Zi Long!

Yang Kai immediately knew who had attacked him!

Yang Kai had heard from Xue Yue that Zi Long and Zi Dong cultivated a special technique called the Purple Qi Eternal River Secret Art. This Secret Art was famous throughout the Star Field and belonged exclusively to Zi Long’s family. Zi Long being able to rise to the Second-Order Origin King Realm was entirely because of this Secret Art.

In order to cultivate this Secret Art, one needed to rise every morning to absorb the special purple qi that was generated while the sun rose. Once cultivated to the extreme, this purple qi could transform into great rivers and oceans that could easily destroy a million kilometres of land.

Under normal circumstances, a master like Zi Long would prioritize his face, and even if he had a blood enmity with Yang Kai, he would not have launched a sneak attack against such a junior. If Zi Long wanted to kill Yang Kai, he would do so in an upfront manner with absolute strength.

After all, he was fully capable of acting in such a dignified manner.

But the situation now was a little different. Zi Long had undoubtedly discovered the five Enlightenment Flowers and knew how precious and rare they were, possibly even being the key to his breakthrough to the Third-Order Origin King Realm. In the face of such benefits, how could Zi Long care about face?

Yang Kai was obviously the closest to the Enlightenment Flower, with him and Zi Dong being in second place while Xu Wei was still more than five kilometres away.

If Zi Long did not delay Yang Kai somehow and allowed this boy to reach the Enlightenment Flowers, Zi Long would then have to steal from a dead rat.

So, when he discovered the Enlightenment Flower and Yang Kai, Zi Long didn’t even think about it and directly made a move. Although this was just a casual blow, coming from a Second-Order Origin King, it was still quite terrifying, not something an Origin Realm junior could resolve.

After making one move, Zi Long’s speed increased sharply, not even sparing another glance towards Yang Kai. In his eyes were only the five lavender flowers.

As for whether Yang Kai was dead or alive, that was not his concern.

Why should he care about if an ant lived or died?

On the other side, Yang Kai roared as he waved his hand and summoned a hundred Golden Blood Threads and condensed them into a giant shield in front of him.

Not finished yet, with a solemn expression, Yang Kai pushed his Saint Qi madly as he sent dozens of punches around his golden shield to intercept the incoming blow.

*Peng peng peng peng...*

Saint Qi burst forth as a violent explosion erupted mid-air.

Punches impacted the purple light, each one of them diminishing the purple light’s radiance slightly.

Next, the Golden Blood Thread shield was struck and rapidly dimmed until it burst apart into its individual Golden Blood Threads; however, the purple light had still not been dispersed and struck towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai snorted as his body involuntarily flew backwards, his face paling slightly.

Although he had not taken any serious injuries, he had still suffered a slight loss! Staring at Zi Long, who was quickly approaching the Enlightenment Flowers, a look of astonishment appeared on Yang Kai’s face.

This was not the first time he had competed against a Second-Order Origin King. Luo Hai was also a Second-Order Origin King.

But the pressure Yang Kai felt from Zi Long was much stronger than the one he felt from Luo Hai.

This person had definitely reached the peak of the Second-Order Origin King Realm! Perhaps, as long as he had some kind of opportunity, Zi Long could break through to the Third-Order.

The Sect Master of Purple Star deserved his reputation!

“Hm?” Zi Long also let out a call of surprise, and as he dashed towards the Enlightenment Flowers, he turned his head and glanced at where Yang Kai was in disbelief.

He had not expected that Yang Kai would actually be able to block his attack. Although Yang Kai looked somewhat dishevelled, and Zi Long had only struck at him casually rather than using his full strength, an Origin Realm boy being able to achieve this was still quite amazing.

[This boy... is strange!]

Zi Long estimated that if his son, Zi Dong, was the one who had been attacked just now, at the very least, he would have been seriously injured, yet Yang Kai actually only had a slightly pale face and nothing else.

[Is this boy actually stronger than my son? When did such an astonishing young man appear in the Star Field? Is this boy the disciple of some old monster who had secluded himself from the world?]

In that instant, many thoughts crossed Zi Long’s mind and the expression on his face as he stared towards Yang Kai grew solemn.

Suddenly, at that moment, an exhaling sound appeared from the depths of the medicine valley.

“Father!” Zi Dong, who had been following behind Zi Long, exclaimed loudly as a look of fear appeared on his face.

The Seven Coloured Radiant Light was coming!

Judging from past experiences, the speed at which the Seven Coloured Radiant Light flooded the medicine valley was extremely terrifying and if they did not find a place to hide in time, they would swiftly be engulfed by it.

So Zi Dong could not help but panic.

At this time, Zi Long was less than a thousand metres away from the Enlightenment Flower, closer than Yang Kai, so victory was practically within his grasp.

However, this distance was still too great. A look of struggle and hesitation flashed across Zi Long’s face, but in the end, he did not dare take the risk. Gritting his teeth, he grabbed Zi Dong and swiftly moved behind a nearby Void Crack to take shelter.

Not far away, Xu Wei, who had been rushing towards this side, also stopped quickly and hid behind a Void Crack.

Yang Kai did the same!

Fortunately, there were many Void Cracks in this area. Otherwise, the three parties would have had no choice but to risk rushing towards the Enlightenment Flowers to hide behind the giant Void Crack overlooking them.

At this moment, the three parties stood motionless, almost equidistant from their target, forming a triangle with the Enlightenment Flower in the middle.

Silently, the Seven Coloured Radiant Light flooded the medicine valley.

The whole world seemed to go quiet at this moment, with only the faint sound of breathing to be heard.

Yang Kai took a deep breath, glanced coldly towards the spots where Xu Wei and Zi Long were, then sat down cross-legged and threw a healing pill into his mouth.

Although he had blocked Zi Long’s attack just now, his Saint Qi flow had become somewhat turbulent, so he needed to stabilize it quickly.

Fortunately, this was not difficult, and Yang Kai’s condition stabilized after a few breaths. Now, all he needed to do was rest until the medicinal efficacies from his healing pill took effect.

Zi Long’s face had become extremely gloomy as he cast a fiery gaze towards the five Enlightenment Flowers. But behind Zi Long, Zi Dong was now directing a contemptuous look towards Yang Kai, a sneer clearly displayed on his lips.

As for Xu Wei, his gaze was shifty, glancing back and forth, as if he was hatching some kind of wicked scheme.