Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1795, Success And Escape

On the horizon, a brilliant seven coloured streak of light with a massive hazy figure inside of it was rapidly approaching.

“This is bad!” Gui Zu shouted, no longer having any mind to tease Xu Wei and Kong Fa. Using his full strength, Gui Zu repelled the two First-Order Origin Kings and shouted to Yang Kai, “The Divine Bird is returning. Yang Kai, hurry up!”

There was no need for his reminder, of course, as the thunderous cry just now was more than enough for Yang Kai to realize what was happening.

Yang Kai’s face became extremely solemn.

He did not know what kind of abilities the Divine Bird possessed, but it could clearly sense the changes happening to the Immortal Tree. It had been alerted to someone tampering with the Immortal Tree and was now returning rapidly. Before it arrived, everyone here had to quickly escape.

Sitting down cross-legged on the spot, while controlling his Embodiment to use all its strength, Yang Kai also gave similar instructions to Xiao Xiao.

Xiao Xiao sensed Yang Kai’s anxiety and released a fierce roar, causing a ripple of sound waves visible to the naked eye to propagate from his mouth. The next moment, Xiao Xiao’s body swelled up!

In the blink of an eye, Xiao Xiao’s size had quadrupled.

Although this was not Xiao Xiao’s limit, the power added to his figure was still impressive.

The Immortal Tree was now being pulled up at a far greater speed...

Yang Kai took this opportunity to glance over in the direction the Divine Bird was approaching from, but what he witnessed caused his expression to pale.

The seven coloured light was now about a hundred kilometres away, which might seem like a great distance, but with the Divine Bird’s speed and strength, it could likely cross that distance with just two flaps of its wings.

At this moment, not only was Yang Kai panicking, but everyone else was as well.

Ni Guang and Zi Long had ceased their fight and withdrawn without a hint of hesitation. The former urged his Saint Qi to wrap up Xue Yue then fly off in the opposite direction the Divine Bird was approaching from. Before she was dragged away, Xue Yue called out Yang Kai’s name loudly, imploring him to escape quickly...

Zi Long similarly did not dare to remain and swiftly brought Zi Dong with him to escape.

“Brother Kong, run!” Xu Wei’s blood froze as he called out and formed a series of seals with his hands before a brilliant light burst from his body and he shot off faster than anyone else.

Kong Fa followed closely behind.

A group of powerful Origin Kings were now running away like frightened dogs, an extremely unusual sight.

In an instant, everyone around the Immortal Tree had evacuated, leaving only Gui Zu to guard Yang Kai.

Even with Gui Zu’s strength, he was still dripping sweat from his forehead as the black Qi surrounding his body became turbulent.

“Supreme Elder, you evacuate first!” Yang Kai called out anxiously.

“This old master isn’t going to just leave you here.” At the critical moment, Gui Zu proved his reliability and did not try to flee alone and abandon Yang Kai. This made Yang Kai affirm that his decision to invite Gui Zu to High Heaven Sect was the right one.

One had to know, Gui Zu choosing to remain at this time was a huge risk to his life.

Only at such moments could one truly see a person’s character, so Gui Zu’s conduct undoubtedly won Yang Kai respect and approval.

“I’m certain I can escape, you don’t need to worry about me,” Yang Kai replied very quickly.

Gui Zu was stunned before immediately realizing that Yang Kai was able to rely on his Space Force to flee, only saying in a solemn voice, “Then you must be careful, this old master will go on ahead.”

As his words fell, his body flickered as the Ten Thousand Soul Banner wrapped around him and he transformed into a black streak that flew away.

In the time it took for all this to happen, the Divine Bird had already closed more than half the distance and would likely arrive within the next breath. At such a close distance, Yang Kai was able to see exactly what the Divine Bird looked like.

It was an enormous peacock with bright, colourful wings and a beautifully arranged fan of tail feathers.

Besides the legendary phoenixes, it was likely there was no more beautiful existence than the Divine Bird in front of him.

But this beautiful visage was completely overshadowed by the monstrous murderous intent it was emitting!

There was another loud cry as the Seven Coloured Radiant Light around the Divine Bird condensed and then shot out in an intense beam.

Yang Kai leapt up from the spot and rushed forward.

At the same time, Xiao Xiao and Yang Kai’s Embodiment had already succeeded in extracting the Immortal Tree.

The moment the Immortal Tree was pulled out of the ground, the aura in the entire medicine valley became turbulent. Xiao Xiao grabbed the Embodiment with one hand, held the Immortal Tree in the other, and stamped the ground hard as he rushed towards Yang Kai. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The two sides met halfway.

Yang Kai directly stuffed the two Stone Puppets into his Sealed World Bead before immediately stretching out his hands, pushing his Space Force and fiercely tearing about the space in front of him!

A Void Crack appeared immediately.

Yang Kai dove in!

The Seven Coloured Radiant Light beam shrouded Yang Kai’s previous location in the next instant and surrounded the newly formed Void Crack, but Yang Kai was no longer there.

The Divine Bird seemed to be aware of this fact, and its huge body dived slightly before it charged towards the Void Crack.

Inside the Void, Yang Kai exhaled slowly with a look of lingering fear on his face.

If he had been just a bit slower a moment ago, the Divine Bird’s attack would highly likely have hit him. Fortunately, Xiao Xiao had lived up to his expectations and successfully pulled out the Immortal Tree.

Thinking of the Immortal Tree, Yang Kai’s blood began to boil again.

[Did a supreme treasure like this really just fall into my hands?]

Yang Kai had not expected that this trip to the Severed World would result in such earth-shattering gains. His original intention in coming here was simply to hunt for a Shocking Void Beast to obtain its Monster Core, but everything that had happened since went far beyond his expectations.

Whether it was the many precious herbs he had collected in the medicine valley or the Immortal Tree, they were far greater gains than Yang Kai had imagined possible.

Yang Kai could barely keep himself calm...

At that moment though, a terrifying energy fluctuation suddenly appeared behind him.

Frowning deeply and looking back, Yang Kai saw something which could not help shocking him, causing his eyes to bulge.

The Void Crack he had just torn open to escape now had a giant claw stuck through it, and judging from its shape, it undoubtedly belonged to the Seven Coloured Radiant Peacock Divine Bird.

[It can break through space and accurately find where I am hiding?] Yang Kai’s face suddenly sank.

Immediately afterwards, a second claw broke through the crack, piercing it like a sharp sword.

Staring at it, it was as if the two claws had been inserted into a door and was prying it open to make way for a terrifying existence to enter.

In the next moment, these two claws moved fiercely to the side and the Void Crack torn out by Yang Kai immediately became bigger.

Through the Void Crack, Yang Kai could vaguely see a bit of the situation on the other side, but the view was not clear.

The Divine Bird’s head quickly poked through the crack and its two scarlet eyeballs instantly locked onto Yang Kai’s figure.

There was a clear and unforgiving hatred in that gaze.

The Divine Bird opened its mouth with an angry cry and a dazzling seven coloured light quickly condensed in its throat.

“Damn it!” Yang Kai was nearly frightened to death. How could he dare remain? The Seven Coloured Radiant Light was something even Ni Guang and Zi Long did not dare to touch, so although Yang Kai considered himself quite talented, he knew he did not currently compare to these two masters. Naturally, at this moment, his only option was to escape.

As soon as he moved, a beam of Seven Coloured Radiant Light sprayed out of the Divine Bird’s mouth at a frightening speed and shot straight into the depths of The Void.

As this beam travelled forth, the surrounding void shuddered.

“Hm?” Yang Kai frowned. Although he managed to avoid the Seven Coloured Radiant Light and suffered no harm, at this moment, he was keenly aware that the regions of The Void around where the Seven Coloured Radiant Light had passed had become somewhat unstable and showed initial signs of collapse.

This discovery caused cold sweat to pour down Yang Kai’s back.

He never expected that the Divine Bird would have such a shocking method.

Another beam of seven coloured light was soon spat out, and although Yang Kai had escaped far from the Divine Bird already, and his opponent clearly did not intend to pursue him into the depths of The Void, when the second ray of light poured in, the surrounding space destabilized further.

“This guy... could he be trying to destroy this region of The Void and force me out?” Yang Kai thought up a possibility and his mood became extremely gloomy.

If that was really the case, his situation was incredibly grave.

Yang Kai had thought that he would be safe hiding inside The Void after obtaining the Immortal Tree, but it appeared his opponent was not so easily avoided. Even hiding in the Void was not safe from the Divine Bird’s wrath.

A third beam of Seven Coloured Radiant Light poured in...

The fourth...

The Divine Bird seemed to be tireless and constantly spat its powerful light into The Void, causing the surrounding space to become more and more unstable.

When the Divine Bird released its ninth blast of light, a massive crack split open as it passed through.

It was almost as if the Divine Bird’s light had managed to tear open The Void itself.

At the same time, the entire surrounding space began to collapse, and the ambient Space Force became extremely chaotic, with numerous Void Cracks forming before collapsing towards a central point.

It was conceivable that after these cracks had completely condensed, this region of the Void would no longer exist and Yang Kai would be crushed into oblivion by the resulting force.

Yang Kai could not help cursing and without thinking about it, he flew directly towards the crack the Divine Bird had ripped open.

Now, if he wanted to escape from this place, Yang Kai had a few options.

He could return to the Severed World from where he came or through another weak point. However, that was not safe, as once the Divine Bird caught his scent, it would surely hunt him down.

Thus, Yang Kai could only hope that the new Void Crack created by the Divine Bird’s attack connected to some safe place.

With his comprehension of the Dao of Space, Yang Kai was not worried about becoming lost in The Void, so no matter where this tear was connected, it was better than returning to the Severed World.

As such, Yang Kai did not hesitate.

It only took a few breaths before Yang Kai arrived at the tear and dove into it.

After his figure disappeared, the Divine Bird coldly glared in the direction Yang Kai left and retracted its head and claws.