Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1797, From Bad To Good

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

Obviously, what had just pierced his chest was the Divine Bird’s feather!

Yang Kai realized this, and his expression became extremely solemn. While circulating his Saint Qi to forcefully suppress his injury, he pushed his Golden Blood Threads to weave a Golden Blood Shield behind him.

At the same time, he activated his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art.

In an instant, Yang Kai’s radiated a five coloured light as countless tiny wisps of Sword Qi began swirling around his body, causing a faint grating sound to echo through the space around him.

His physical body had been unable to resist the attack of just one of the Divine Bird’s feathers, resulting in his chest being penetrated straight through, so how could Yang Kai dare hold back when facing so many of the Divine Bird’s feathers,?

At that moment, Yang Kai used every last means of defence he had to protect himself.

Just as he finished his preparations, the terrifying sound of something slicing through space rang out behind him.

Right now, Yang Kai felt like he was aboard a small boat sailing on a stormy sea, drifting back and forth wildly, at risk of sinking at any moment, his life hanging by a thread.

In this great crisis though, Yang Kai felt surprisingly calm, his perception becoming even more acute than usual.

Dodging rapidly, Yang Kai did his best to avoid the onslaught of the Divine Bird’s Feathers.

*Xiu xiu xiu...*

A series of attacks shot past him, some of them missing, others grazing his body and causing the glow of his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art to rapidly dim.

Time had never passed so slowly, but everything also seemed to end in the blink of an eye. When the slicing sounds around him disappeared, Yang Kai nearly collapsed from exhaustion.

*Hong...*

Yang Kai’s eyes caught sight of a seven coloured glow at that moment which was rapidly streaming towards him.

Seven Coloured Radiant Light!

Yang Kai’s complexion sank as he realized he was unable to avoid this beam of light in time. In order to dodge the Divine Bird’s Feathers, he had spent an enormous amount of his energy and focus, but at this vulnerable moment, the Divine Bird spat out a stream of Seven Coloured Radiant Light that was absolutely impossible for him to evade.

Facing this crisis, Yang Kai hurriedly summoned his Sealed World Bead and disappeared with a single thought.

He dove directly into the Sealed World Bead!

The Seven Coloured Radiant Light enveloped the Sealed World Bead in the next moment! But although this seven-coloured light was incredibly powerful, how could it possibly damage an Emperor Artifact? The Sealed World Bead did not suffer any harm and was only shot off into the distance like an arrow from the string.

As for the Divine Bird that had been closely pursuing Yang Kai, it showed an almost human-like expression of shock at this moment.

No matter how Yang Kai escaped before, or how he used his Space Force, it had been able to accurately grasp the direction he fled and easily chase him down, but this time, it completely lost all trace of him.

Nevertheless, the Divine Bird was not to be underestimated. With its high sentience and intelligence, although it did not understand what the Sealed World Bead was exactly, it knew Yang Kai’s sudden disappearance must be related to it.

Letting out a piercing cry, it flew forward extremely quickly and tried to swallow the Sealed World Bead.

How could Yang Kai allow this to happen though? After evading the Seven Coloured Radiant Light by entering the Sealed World Bead, he quickly exited, grabbed the Emperor Artifact, and continued to escape!

Being teased like this, the Divine Bird was furious, and its feathers bristled, as if it was swearing to rip Yang Kai’s corpse into ten thousand pieces in the next moment.

But right then, a sudden change occurred.

In the surrounding Star Field, an extremely mysterious power quickly condensed and pressed down onto the Divine Bird like a great weight, one it was incapable of freeing itself from. Yang Kai on the other hand, who was close by, was not affected in the slightest by this strange force.

This peculiar power increased in intensity at an extremely fast speed.

In less than ten breaths, a giant purple thundercloud appeared above the Divine Bird’s head, one filled with purple arcs of lightning that swam about unpredictably like snakes. The purple thundercloud hovered strangely above the Divine Bird’s head like a shadow, and no matter how it tried to move, it was unable to escape it, just like how Yang Kai was unable to avoid the Divine Bird.

The Divine Bird showed a look of fear for the first time and released a piercing cry.

Although Yang Kai did not know what was going on behind him, he also noticed that something was wrong. Regrettably, he didn’t have any spare capacity to look back as fleeing was the best he could achieve.

*Kacha...*

A thunderous sound echoed through the Star Field a moment later and washed over Yang Kai, causing his very Soul to become turbulent, his face to pale, and blood to spray from his mouth.

The Divine Bird cried out in anger as a giant purple thunderbolt fell from above and struck its body.

A scorched smell spread as the powerful Seven Coloured Radiant Peacock Divine Bird trembled after being struck by this purple lightning, several of its beautiful feathers falling off after being charred.

Its speed also dropped noticeably!

*Kacha...*

A second explosion sounded as a second bolt of purple lightning fell.

The Divine Bird was struck again and cried out even louder this time, still unable to resist this purple lightning despite flapping its wings wildly in fury.

*Kacha...*

A third bolt struck...

Yang Kai flew out several thousand kilometres until he felt like he had opened up a safe distance from the Divine Bird before turning back to see what was happening. A single glance brought Yang Kai great joy.

He clearly saw that the Divine Bird, which had been chasing him so doggedly and he had no power to resist, was now being pinned down by a terrifying Heavenly Lightning.

“A breakthrough?” Yang Kai’s first thought was that this Divine Bird had broken through its shackles at this time and reached a new level; after all, the purple thundercloud condensed above its head was extremely similar to a World Energy baptism.

“No, that isn’t it!” Yang Kai quickly denied this guess though.

The Divine Bird was incredibly powerful and had reached an extremely high realm, so it was no simple matter for it to break through once more. Perhaps its realm would not improve even after thousands of years, so it made no sense for it to reach a breakthrough at this time.

Moreover, Yang Kai did not feel that the Divine Bird’s aura was becoming stronger, even though it was already plenty strong.

But if this wasn’t a breakthrough, what was it?

After pondering for a moment though, Yang Kai’s eyes lit up as he thought of another possibility, one that drew a burst of great laughter from his throat as he took pleasure in the Divine Bird’s misfortune. The previous, depressing helplessness he felt was wiped out and replaced with jubilation.

“If I’m not mistaken, it’s being rejected by the Star Field’s Principles!” Yang Kai stared brightly in the direction where the Divine Bird was and watched as it struggled beneath the purple thundercloud. It was almost as if the Heavens themselves were protecting him now, delivering a crisis to the Divine Bird which had been pursuing him.

World Principles were a peculiar power that was both profound and mysterious. Even Origin Kings could not normally touch upon Principal Strength. One would need to become a Star Master of a Cultivation Star before vaguely being able to feel the World Principals of that particular Cultivation Star and gain the ability to slightly manipulate them, but even that was enough to enjoy plenty of conveniences.

World Principles would reject all existences that did not conform to them.

For example, Shadowed Star’s World Principals rejected the existence of Origin Kings!

After Qian Tong broke through to the Origin King Realm, he had returned to Shadowed Star and thought that he could become the greatest cultivator there, but what he had not anticipated was that Shadowed Star itself would reject his presence. From time to time, Heavenly Thunder or Earth Fire would strike him, causing him to be unable to enter secluded retreat and cultivate.

Moreover, this repulsive force became stronger as time passed, and if Qian Tong did not leave Shadowed Star in time, he would sooner or later be tormented to death.

As a last resort, he could only beg Yang Kai to take him away from Shadowed Star.

Qian Tong’s situation was similar to that of the Divine Bird’s right now.

The Divine Bird did not belong to the Star Field and its mere existence was an affront to the Star Field’s Principals, so it was fiercely rejected. The purple thundercloud was a manifestation of the Star Field’s Principals trying to expel the Divine Bird.

The Divine Bird could temporarily resist this repulsive force, but it could not do so forever.

Because this rejection came from the entire Star Field, it was not in any way subtle like Qian Tong’s case on Shadowed Star; as a result, the repulsive force here towards the Divine Bird was incomparably stronger than what Qian Tong had encountered.

Yang Kai had a clear memory of Qian Tong’s situation, so he was able to make some inferences about the scene before him.

Although he could not be sure, Yang Kai was about eighty percent certain this was what was happening.

Looking at the scene in the distance, Yang Kai finally relaxed.

Without the Divine Bird chasing him, he had no need to panic and simply stood in the void, took out a few healing pills from his Space Ring, and swallowed them as he continued to observe.

A few thousand kilometres away, purple bolts of lightning continued to crash down from above, and no matter how the Divine Bird tried to dodge or defend itself, the lightning would strike it accurately, each time causing it some visible damage.

After being struck a few dozen times in succession, the Divine Bird began to grow anxious.

It could perceive that these purple lightning bolts were steadily becoming more powerful, and although it could still resist them now, if this continued, there was a chance it would fall here.

Although the Immortal Tree was precious, compared with its own life, it was nothing more than a foreign object.

It naturally knew what decision to make.

Resisting another bolt of purple lightning, the Divine Bird no longer dared to remain, quickly turned around, and flew back the way it came. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

It could feel the repulsion coming from the Star Field and knew that in order to save itself it needed to return to its nest immediately!

“Hey, the Divine Bird is returning!” In front, two streaks of light were rushing over. It was Xu Wei and Zi Long, who was carrying Zi Dong with him.

When Zi Dong saw the Divine Bird’s massive body approaching, he exclaimed, “Could that brat have been killed by the Divine Bird?”

Zi Long did not answer but instead focused on the purple thundercloud above the Divine Bird. When he felt the terrifying power contained in that thundercloud, his expression paled and he quickly changed direction, wanting to avoid the Divine Bird.

But the Divine Bird was completely angered, so how could it simply let Zi Long leave?

Opening its giant beak, the Divine Bird spat out a stream of Seven Coloured Radiant Light towards Zi Long’s trio.

Zi Dong’s face went as pale as paper as he screamed in fright.

Zi Long and Xu Wei also wore solemn expressions as they both used their own methods to quickly evade this blow, appearing extremely dishevelled.

By the time the two Origin Kings managed to avoid the Seven Coloured Radiant Light blast, the Divine Bird had already flown a thousand kilometres past them.