Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1809, Planting

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

His Embodiment refining the Star Source was something Yang Kai paid a great deal of attention to, because if he succeeded, he would become the first Star Master of two Cultivation Stars in the history of the Star Field.

While the status was not worth anything, the benefits he received after becoming a Star Master were significant.

After he broke through to the Origin King Realm just now, Yang Kai could clearly feel his connection with Shadowed Star grow much stronger, despite it being billions of kilometres away. What’s more, with the improvement of his cultivation, Shadowed Star would also obtain many benefits.

There was no doubt about this, but as for the specifics, he would first need to return to Shadowed Star to investigate.

Yang Kai released his Divine Sense and silently perceived the status of his Embodiment, but in the next moment, his expression became somewhat strange and he immediately flew up into the sky to get a full view of the floating continent from above. After a while, he visibly shook as he exclaimed, “What happened?”

Looking down at the floating continent incredulously, Yang Kai’s eyes bulged.

The situation had developed far beyond his wildest expectations. Yang Kai had never even imagined such a thing would happen when his Embodiment refined the floating continent’s Star Source.

It was not that his Embodiment’s refining wasn’t going well. On the contrary, according to the feedback he was receiving, refining the floating continent’s Source was already completed and his Embodiment had now become the Star Master of this place.

His Embodiment’s aura had also skyrocketed.

This was not the key thought. The key was that his Embodiment had somehow become completely integrated with the floating continent!

From what Yang Kai could tell, the entire floating continent below had become one with his Embodiment.

Looking at one end of the floating continent, a massive, half defined face had already begun to take shape.

On both sides of the floating continent, there also seemed to be signs of two arms being formed.

And at the far end, there were traces of two leg-like protrusions.

The current floating continent resembled a giant sleeping in the void.

*Gudong!*

Yang Kai was accustomed to witnessing great storms but seeing the scene below he couldn’t help gulping as cold sweat dripped from his forehead.

[What exactly is happening?]

Yang Kai’s thoughts were in chaos as what he was looking at right now far exceeded his realm of understanding.

Taking a deep breath and trying to calm his mood, Yang Kai closed his eyes once more to carefully perceive the situation of his Embodiment.

His Embodiment was still underground and did not seem to have changed greatly, but it was also true that it had been integrated into the floating continent, and under the influence of his Embodiment will, the very continent was being reshaped.

“It must be the innate Divine Ability of the Stone Puppet family! Does it want to swallow and refine the entire continent?” Yang Kai was really taken aback when he felt this feedback in his mind.

How terrifying a feat was this?

Although the floating continent was not very big compared to other Cultivation Stars, it was still two to three hundred thousand kilometres in diameter. If his Embodiment really could use the Stone Puppet’s innate ability to successfully refine it, then wouldn’t it become a world-sized giant that could reach the sky even while standing on the ground?

Such a massive stone giant would give anyone an extraordinary sense of pressure with just its physical form. Even if it faced an Origin King, they would likely only have the option: to escape.

Just thinking about it, was there anyone who could survive being struck by a fist that was bigger than a mountain?

“No one could!” Yang Kai felt like he was dreaming and was both surprised and happy.

What was shocking was how much his Embodiment had exceeded his expectations, and what he was happy about was that if the Embodiment succeeded, it would be able to provide him with great help, perhaps even more so than Xiao Xiao and Liu Yan.

The Embodiment’s will represented his own will, and although it was only his Soul Clone that was controlling the Embodiment, since the Embodiment had chosen to make such a move, it meant it had complete confidence in succeeding.

Circulating his Secret Art, Yang Kai completely calmed his mood as he waited in anticipation to see if the Embodiment could really succeed or whether all of this would be for nought. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

*Hong long long...*

There was a loud rumble that rang out across the floating continent as the ground shook violently. As this shaking continued, a rhythmic pulse seemed to resound from its depths, like a giant heart was slowly beating.

With every beat, large masses of land were shaken off and dissipated into dust in the surrounding void.

Countless cracks and gullies appeared across the continent’s surface and extended deep into the ground.

It was like witnessing the continent approach the end of its existence and teeter on the brink of collapse.

Yang Kai’s expression grew solemn as he watched silently for a time before finally relaxing as he comprehended that, while refining the floating continent, his Embodiment was just purging useless impurities.

The things that were even slightly useful were being preserved, swallowed, and refined by the Embodiment.

Refining an entire continent, even if it was only two or three hundred thousand kilometres from end to end, would normally be impossible, but Yang Kai’s Embodiment had a Stone Puppet body, which had the innate ability to swallow and refine ores. On top of that, his Embodiment was now the Star Master of the floating continent, giving it a great ability to manipulate the tiny Star. These two factors were what allowed the Embodiment to achieve this feat.

It was certainly something to look forward to!

Yang Kai found that his Embodiment had given him a huge, pleasant surprise and couldn’t help celebrating slightly.

*Dong dong...*

A kind of extremely rhythmic sound continued to ring out as the speed at which the continent continued to split apart grew faster and faster. The whole continent began to shrink at a speed visible to the naked eye as the massive head and limbs that Yang Kai had seen before were slowly but surely becoming defined.

At this speed, it would likely only take a month or two for the Embodiment to complete this task.

Yang Kai stood high up in the sky and quietly observed for several days to make sure that everything was proceeding smoothly for his Embodiment before feeling completely relieved.

With there being nothing more for him to do here, Yang Kai simply summoned his Sealed World Bead and directly entered it.

Spreading out his Divine Sense, Yang Kai soon found Liu Yan. At this moment, she was in retreat while exuding a terrifying heat.

It seemed she had swallowed some Sun’s True Fire and was now struggling to refine it.

Even with her current strength, refining a strand of Sun’s True Fire was not an easy task, but once she was successful, her strength would definitely increase.

Yang Kai did not call her and instead took out the Immortal Tree from his Space Ring.

This metre-tall sapling had only a few elegant green leaves on it with a single milky dewdrop resting atop one of them.

Immortal Source Liquid! It was a divine elixir that could completely heal someone who was on the brink of death.

Yang Kai took out a jade bottle and carefully stored this drop of Immortal Source Liquid.

Immortal Source Liquid was formed by the Immortal Tree, and collecting it would bring no negative effects to it.

The legendary Immortal Tree was a treasure itself, and regardless of its small size and few leaves, the amount of vitality it gave off was simply astonishing. If one could refine the Immortal Tree, it was even said they could obtain an immortal and indestructible body.

To live with the sky, to suffer with the earth. Unchanged through the ages. An immortal, an undying being!

The lifespan of a Third-Order Origin King was only a few thousand years, possibly up to ten thousand years if they focused on extending their longevity, but there were still limits.

However, once they refined the Immortal Tree, a cultivator would become immortal... just thinking about that caused Yang Kai’s breathing to become rapid.

Staring at the Immortal Tree for a long time, Yang Kai’s expression slowly calmed down and he began to scratch his head as he had no idea how to refine it.

This was a legendary supreme treasure that was even more precious than his Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus, so how should he go about using it?

Having a priceless treasure right in front of him but only being able to stare at it caused Yang Kai to be somewhat depressed.

Tilting his head for a moment, Yang Kai tried to use his Divine Sense to collect the Immortal Tree.

After all, that was how it was when he obtained the Soul Warming Lotus. It was also a rare supreme treasure, so it was at least worth a shot.

However, no matter how Yang Kai urged his Divine Sense, the Immortal Tree did not respond.

Next, he tried to use his Saint Qi to refine it...

A few days later, Yang Kai sat dejected. During this time, he tried everything he could think of short of swallowing the Immortal Tree, but he was still unable to refine it.

It really was not appropriate to eat it either as Yang Kai had no idea what consuming something like this would do to his body.

“Fine, I’ll just have to ask Yang Yan when I see her next. Her abilities and knowledge are profound so she should know something about it,” Yang Kai could only temporarily set the matter aside.

After searching the Small Sealed World, Yang Kai selected a location and replanted the Immortal Tree.

This supreme treasure had shocking vitality, so Yang Kai wasn’t worried about it surviving after being replanted. Even if he had planted it on a Dead Star, it would be safe and sound.

As the Immortal Tree settled into the Small Sealed World’s soil, an astonishing vitality burst forth from it, and within moments Yang Kai could feel that the Small Sealed World itself had become more vibrant than before, with all the trees and plants inside it seemingly receiving massive nourishment and causing them to rapidly grow.

Even the world itself seemed to have obtained some kind of benefit and became more complete and perfect.

Seeing this scene, Yang Kai’s brow rose and he quickly took out the rare herbs he obtained in the Severed World and carefully replanted them around the Immortal Tree.

Yang Kai was overjoyed when he saw these precious herbs quickly adapt to this soil and exude a vibrant aura.

“En... It looks like I can plant a Medicine Garden around the Immortal Tree!” Yang Kai muttered thoughtfully.

The wealth of rare herbs inside the medicine valley of the Severed World were entirely a result of the Immortal Tree’s existence. With the vitality released by the Immortal Tree to its surroundings, those precious herbs were able to rapidly grow.

Now that the Immortal Tree had been transplanted to the Small Sealed World, as long as it was properly cared for, another medicine valley could be formed here.

Considering all this, Yang Kai took out the herbs Lu Gui Chen gave him and found a few of the withering Origin King Grade herbs to plant.

A few days later, these herbs showed signs of recovering.

One had to know that these herbs were collected by Lu Gui Chen long ago and had plenty of their medicinal efficacies pass, making it basically impossible for them to survive, but the Immortal Tree had such a Heaven-Defying function.

“Hahaha!” Yang Kai was jubilant.

Although he failed to refine the Immortal Tree and obtain an immortal and indestructible body, this unintentional discovery was still quite rewarding to him.

Yang Kai thus began to vigorously plant all the herbs on him inside the Small Sealed World.