Chapter 1855, Infiltrating Purple Star Palace

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

Late at night, the moon was hidden behind a thick layer of clouds.

In Five Paths Chamber of Commerce’s backyard guest house, Yang Kai, who was meditating, suddenly opened his eyes, formed a seal with his hands, pushed his Space Force and disappeared.

A moment later, near the Inner City, Yang Kai appeared in the darkness.

It had been two days since he came to Purple Star City, and although he had been delayed because of the issues with Five Paths Chamber of Commerce, he had never forgotten his original purpose. So tonight, he was going to try to sneak into Purple Star Palace to steal the Star Emperor Token.

If he managed to succeed, he would immediately leave. The undercurrents and upheaval in Purple Star City had nothing to do with him.

As for the people from Five Paths Chamber of Commerce, he would carry them off with him at worst. Yang Kai was not planning on abandoning them to take the blame for him.

Purple Star City was divided into Inner and Outer Cities. The Outer City could be entered by any cultivator as long as they paid a certain amount of Saint Crystals, but the Inner City was open only to cultivators belonging to Purple Star. Of course, the Inner City of Purple ​​Star City was the most prosperous and World-Energy-rich area.

Many of Purple Star’s Elders, Protectors, Deacons, and other various high-level officials lived in the Inner City, occupying good pieces of land and enjoying endless cultivation resources.

In the Inner City, there was a guard every three steps and a watchtower every five steps. The defence was extremely strict.

Nevertheless, these defences were practically useless in front of a powerful cultivator like Yang Kai. He did not even need to deliberately use his Space Force to conceal himself; simply wrapping himself in his Divine Sense was enough for him to break into the Inner City. Even if he passed close to a guard, they would not notice his presence.

The average cultivation in the Inner City was much higher than that in the Outer City, and as Yang Kai infiltrated, he was secretly shocked to discover more than one Origin King aura. Each of these Origin Kings was like a dormant lion, entrenched in their own territory. Any signs of trouble would be enough to disturb these masters.

Fortunately, Yang Kai’s Divine Sense was extremely powerful, so he was able to avoid all dangers in advance while concealing himself perfectly.

Walking in the dark, his footsteps were neither fast nor slow, his body not releasing any discernible fluctuations. Quickly, Yang Kai approached a huge palace compound at the centre of the Inner City.

Purple Star Palace!

This was a symbol of Purple Star’s power, a sacred place revered by the billions of cultivators who lived under Purple Star’s rule.

The entire palace complex was built of a type of purple jade, giving it an extreme magnificence. From a distance, Purple Star Palace was like a purple torch flame that stretched up into the sky, almost as if the sun would rise from it in the next moment to illuminate the world.

Yang Kai released his Divine Sense slightly to observe the movement inside Purple Star Palace while muttering to himself, “Five, six, ten, twelve... good, here.”

Moving along a certain path, Yang Kai quickly came to a certain location where the defensive barrier was weaker. Smiling with satisfaction, his body flickered as he directly entered.

Zi Dong’s knowledge was indispensable to him being able to enter Purple Star Palace so smoothly.

Although Purple Star Palace was enormous, it still had a powerful barrier arranged outside it that was impossible to pass through without a special token. Once anyone tried to force their way in, the barrier would react and alert everyone inside; however, things were different with guidance from Zi Dong. He was Purple Star’s Young Master and had lived in the Purple Star Palace all year round, so he knew the weakness of this barrier very well.

As the saying went, a thief in the family is the hardest to ward against.

Although there were not many barriers or defensive arrays inside Purple Star Palace, each one was extremely powerful and extremely well hidden. Yang Kai’s goal this time was stealth, so he did not want to expose his position. This was where Zi Dong came in handy.

Before coming here, Yang Kai had asked Zi Dong about the situation inside Purple Star Palace. Zi Dong did not dare to hide anything, explaining everything he knew about Purple Star Palace’s defensive arrangements. This knowledge, of course, was not comprehensive as Zi Dong, Purple Star’s Young Master, wasn’t responsible for such things.

Fortunately, this information was enough, and Yang Kai felt that, there would not be any problems as long as his luck wasn’t too bad.

While observing the surrounding environment and avoiding various barriers and traps, Yang Kai quietly approached a palace in the centre of Purple Star Palace.

This was where Purple Star’s Vault was located, and it was also the palace with the strongest defences. However, it was still easy to reach this place for Yang Kai because Zi Dong knew the situation here well. Yang Kai also had the key to open the vault.

As long as he could get close to that palace, his chances of success were high!

Time passed slowly as Yang Kai moved closer and closer to the palace.

With only a third of the distance left to his destination from where he entered, Yang Kai, who was still walking stealthily, suddenly came to a halt as his face sank. At that moment, he felt he had touched some kind of barrier, which sent out energy fluctuations to the surroundings.

[Shit!] Yang Kai’s face turned green as he never expected that the barrier arrangements in Purple Star City would be so well concealed that even his Divine Sense could not find them all. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

In the next moment, Yang Kai felt two powerful Divine Senses sweeping towards him.

Both of these Divine Senses could only have belonged to Origin Kings, so someone had obviously noticed the movement here.

Despite Yang Kai being a powerful master himself, he could not help feeling a cold sweat at this moment. Though he was proficient in the Dao of Space and was a Second-Order Origin King, this place was still the centre of another’s territory, with countless masters present. Neither the conditions nor the terrain were to Yang Kai’s advantage. If he were really to become entangled here, it was difficult to say whether he could escape.

Not daring to hesitate, Yang Kai’s fled quickly.

But at that moment, a powerful Domain pressed down out of thin air, one that seemed capable of sealing off this space, making it impossible for Yang Kai to leave immediately.

“What rat dares run wild in my Purple Star Palace!?” An angry shout came from afar, shaking all the cultivators in Purple Star Palace before a massive vortex suddenly appeared above Yang Kai’s head. From that vortex, a giant palm that seemed to cover the Heavens and Earth manifested and pressed downward.

“Second-Order Origin King!” Yang Kai narrowed his eyes and immediately judged the true level of the person who was attacking him.

This opponent wasn’t actually present but was instead attacking from afar. Such ability was not something a First-Order Origin King could possess, only a master who had reached the Second-Order many years ago could have such means.

The palm formed from the concentration of energy pressed down while a seemingly irresistible suction force came from it, trying to draw Yang Kai into it and not let him break free.

This was definitely a powerful Secret Technique, and if Yang Kai had only been a First-Order Origin King, he may not have been able to easily block it, but now that he was a Second-Order master, equivalent to the cultivation of his attacker, Yang Kai naturally didn’t have anything to fear.

Instead of resisting, Yang Kai straightened his body and rushed towards the giant palm.

Midair, Yang Kai stretched out his hand to eject several dozen Golden Blood Threads, which released a blinding golden radiance that shot forward with Yang Kai following closely behind.

*Hong...*

With a loud explosion, the world shook.

The golden radiance penetrated the giant palm, causing it to shatter and disperse. At the same time, the force which was sealing the surrounding space collapsed.

Yang Kai immediately tore space and disappeared.

In the next moment, three figures arrived at the scene of the incident, one after another. The first to arrive was an old man with a beard that hung down to his chest, grey hair, and a cold, gloomy face. Scanning the surrounding area though, a clear look of shock flashed across his eyes.

Soon after, a man and a woman appeared, but before they were able to figure out what was happening, they saw the old man standing mid-air and immediately wore respectful looks, cupped their fists together, and shouted, “Great Elder!”

This old man was none other than Purple Star’s Great Elder, Gong Sun Liang!

A Second-Order Origin King and one the strongest masters in the Star Field, one whose prestige was not inferior to that of Purple Star’s Sect Master Zi Long.

“Great Elder, what...” The female Origin King asked hesitantly.

“Someone trespassed into the Purple Star Palace!” Gong Sun Liang shouted with a gloomy face.

“What?” The other male Origin King’s complexion changed, “Who would dare be so presumptuous?”

“I don’t know!” Gong Sun Liang shook his head and narrowed his eyes, “Whoever it was, he was strong, able to break through this old master’s Extinguishing Void Palm, a feat no ordinary person could achieve.”

The two Origin Kings exchanged a glance and both saw the shock on each other’s face.

They had been far away just now, so although they had noticed the energy fluctuations here, they had not seen exactly what happened and did not know that someone had actually exchanged blows with the Great Elder and even broke his Extinguishing Void Palm until now.

The female Origin King hesitated before asking, “Doesn’t that mean that the other party was a Second-Order Origin King?”

As soon as she said this, she herself was shocked. If a Second-Order Origin King really wanted to cause trouble in the Purple Star Palace, it would be a disaster. Besides the Great Elder, everyone else was just a First-Order.

There was a world of difference between the First Order and Second Order!

“Whether he was a Second-Order or not is something this old master cannot determine, the opponent took action rapidly before disappearing, and their speed of escape is...” Gong Sun Liang’s brow furrowed deeply, unable to understand how this mysterious intruder had just vanished in the blink of an eye. Even when he pushed his Divine Sense to its limits, Gong Sun Liang was unable to notice any of the other party’s aura.

It was almost like the scene just now was a play he had put on himself.

While these three had been speaking, more masters who were alarmed had rushed over.

Even Zi Wu Ji had flown over together with Ji Jun.

“Second Young Master!” Everyone saluted Zi Wu Ji. Although everyone knew that Zi Dong would be the next Sect Master of Purple Star, Zi Wu Ji was still Zi Long’s son after all, so they could not simply disregard him.

Only Gong Sun Liang stood firm without offering any form of greeting.

“Wu Ji greets Great Elder!” Instead, Zi Wu Ji needed to salute Gong Sun Liang.

This all stemmed from the fact that he was not Purple Star’s Young Master; if it had been Zi Dong here, the situation would be different.

Gong Sun Liang did not utter any words, simply nodding lightly with an indifferent expression.

Seeing this behaviour, Zi Wu Ji’s eyes flashed a cold light before he wore a light smile and asked, “Great Elder, what’s going on here? How come this Wu Ji sensed someone fighting?”

But Gong Sun Liang turned a deaf ear to him, as if he had not heard Zi Wu Ji’s question, not even bothering to acknowledge it.

Everyone’s expressions fluctuated when seeing this, and the atmosphere quickly became tense.

Silavin: 17 chapters this week. 3 on Friday.

Since there are people asking why there is a next chapter Patreon link, it is cause there were people who asked where they can read ahead.

Also, this has been done for all novels on this site when I was still doing it manually (for MP, it was around chapter 15xx). Just that Martial Peak stretched from Monday to Sunday, meaning that you don’t see it since I schedule that chapters on Sunday. (For other novels that end on Friday, you can technically see the Patreon link on Saturday, which will be updated to link to the chapter on Sunday.)

Now that it is automated, and I no longer manually set the links on each chapter, I just set it to how it was suppose to be.

Well, I guess most of the readers don’t know this since they don’t read the other novels on this site. But for those that do, this should not be that much of a surprise.

Anyways, I won’t address this anymore even if some don’t read this footer note.

Though, I want to address an issue, which is that the Patreon link is still there even though the latest chapter is already out. This is more of a caching issue on the CDN. We messed around with the code some more and it should be fixed now. If you see Next Chapter (Patreon), that means you are getting the updated template of the chapter. If it is still an issue, for now, you can just go to the index or the homepage to get to the new chapter.

There another method, such as entering the number of the browser and tab, it would auto-fill. Not sure if it works for you. I use Vivaldi so yeah.