Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1877, Overwhelming Power

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

The situation had once again changed abruptly. So many strange creatures appearing above Purple Star Palace dazed the masters down below for a moment.

*Hou...*

A roar resounded across the sky as Stone Puppet Xiao Xiao, who had been standing to the side the whole time, received instructions from Yang Kai and slapped his chest with both fists like a war drum. As this drumbeat sounded, Xiao Xiao’s body grew even larger as he assumed his stone giant form.

In the next moment, a blazing fire emerged from Xiao Xiao’s body as a shocking scorching heat burst out, causing his skin to rapidly melt.

It looked as if he was wearing an armour of lava.

It was Xiao Xiao’s final form, the Lava Giant!

Xiao Xiao was now a hundred metres tall and his body was covered in molten lava, giving everyone around him an unimaginable sense of oppression. On his shoulder, he carried the thick Heaven Shaking Pillar that weighed several million kilograms. In Xiao Xiao’s hands, the Heaven Shaking Pillar looked as light as a feather, but when he swung it around lightly, all the buildings within a thousand metres exploded into dust.

The shockwave that rolled outwards as a result of this swing pounded the hearts of every Origin King present like a sledgehammer, eliciting looks of fear from them.

*Hong...*

At that moment, the Embodiment landed on the ground.

Yang Kai’s Embodiment, which was like a giant mountain, fell like a meteor and its impact caused the whole of Purple Star City to tremble. Even the houses far away in Outer City cracked at this moment, while the houses in the Inner City which were closer collapsed directly.

Yang Kai stood mid-air with a leisurely look on his face, grinning frivolously as he unscrupulously stared at Kuang Shi Zong, whose face on the other hand had gone from red to blue, and blue to green.

The Embodiment slowly raised one of its big feet and took a step forward.

The movements of the Embodiment were incredibly slow, as if it was struggling against some kind of profound seal that hindered its pace, but that single step was enough to leave a massive footprint in Purple Star City, crushing everything beneath it to dust...

The Embodiment made no attacking actions and simply walked back and forth.

But this was enough to bring unimaginable destruction!

“What the hell is that?”

“Quickly! Attack it! If we do not stop it now, Purple Star City will be destroyed!”

Many masters yelled and before Kuang Shi Zong even issued an order, they used their various methods to strike the Embodiment.

Ten Origin Kings, including two Second-Orders, unleashed their Secret Techniques without hesitation while also summoning their artifacts to attack. All these blows converged into a single powerful blow that struck towards the Embodiment in an attempt to prevent its actions.

A series of explosions rang out as earth and rock were sent flying. The brilliant flash from this detonation even forced the masters present to squint their eyes.

After the light dissipated and they witnessed the results of their assault though, everyone’s blood seemed to run cold.

Ten Origin Kings joining forces failed to destroy this behemoth. Although it seemed to have taken some damage and lost a fair amount of rocks from its body, the aura coming from the Embodiment had not waned in the slightest. On the contrary, it seemed to only become more ferocious.

This was Yang Kai’s Soul Clone Embodiment, so it had inherited Yang Kai’s character and thoughts, even his mannerisms, so how could it tolerate being attacked like this and not fight back?

A terrifying light burst from the Embodiment’s eyes as its huge body squatted slightly and one of its feet lifted up high before it stomped down fiercely.

*Kacha...*

Massive fissures opened up in the ground from the point of impact and rapidly spread out in all directions.

The Embodiment stretched out its hands towards the shattered earth, sweeping up countless big and small pieces of stone with an invisible force. The smaller rocks were only the size of melons while the bigger ones were comparable to houses.

The Embodiment let out a great roar next as it sent all the rocks and flying in all directions.

Such an attack may not have been able to harm an Origin King, and even the Origin Returning Realm masters could easily avoid it, but where these rocks flew, palaces and houses were levelled.

In just a short period of five breaths, half of the Purple Star Palace, centralized on the Embodiment’s location, was destroyed!

Kuang Shi Zong’s face was ugly to the extreme.

In his force’s supreme headquarters, a lone enemy was acting so rampantly while all of Purple Star’s high-end combat power was powerless to stop him. If word of this spread out, Purple Star would degenerate into a laughingstock across the entire Star Field. This would undoubtedly become the greatest stain on Purple Star’s reputation in its entire history.

He wanted to make a move to settle things quickly, but with Yang Kai’s full attention focused on him, he was unable to find an opportunity to act.

*Li...*

A piercing cry rang out suddenly as the Firebird, which had been floating lightly above Yang Kai’s head until now, flew out without receiving any kind of order.

Yang Kai raised his brow, wondering what Liu Yan was up to, but after quickly sweeping the battlefield with his eyes and noticing a certain something, he understood and didn’t try to stop her.

Liu Yan was extremely fast and with a single flap of her wings she had already crossed a kilometre distance.

Appearing right in front of Li Mao Ming, she opened her beak and spat out a streak of burning hot flames mixed with purple lightning.

Perceiving the terrifying power contained in this jet of flame, Li Mao Ming did not dare to neglect and hurriedly dodged while at the same time taking a deep drink from his wine bottle before spitting out a jet of blue flame towards Liu Yan.

Seeing this, Liu Yan’s eyes flashed a cunning light and instead of retreating, she actually shot forward, opened her beak and swallowed the blue flame into her mouth. At the same time, her belly swelled up and she let out a light belching sound, causing everyone who was watching to gawk.

She had directly sucked the blue flame into her stomach. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Having succeeded in her little plot, Liu Yan flew back towards Yang Kai without looking back.

Li Mao Ming on the other hand stood on the stop, his jaw dropped as he stared dumbly into space, seemingly unable to comprehend what had just happened.

Only after a long silence did he return to his senses and exclaim, “My Blue Ice Flame!”

As he shouted, Li Mao Ming quickly formed a series of seals while pushing his Divine Sense and Saint Qi, trying to wrest control of the Blue Ice Flame from Liu Yan before she could refine it. Liu Yan’s Firebird form began to bulge and undulate, as if something was rioting inside her belly.

Flashes of red, purple, and blue light appeared continuously from her body.

Liu Yan could not help letting out painful cries.

She wanted to seize the Blue Ice Flame forcefully, which was naturally not an easy task and would require her to pay a certain price; after all, the Blue Ice Flame was no ordinary dead object, it was a rare treasure that Li Mao Ming managed to obtain after a near-death adventure he had many years ago.

Among the three colours that Liu Yan now glowed with, red represented her own Fire Attribute power, the purple was the Thunder Attribute power she obtained from swallowing and refining the Heaven Scorching Thunder Fire before, and the blue was naturally the power of the Blue Ice Flame.

The three colours were in a state of chaos at the moment, with none having an advantage over the other, taking Liu Yan’s body as a battlefield in a seemingly endless struggle.

However, Liu Yan was no ordinary existence either. Having absorbed the Sun’s True Fire and the Heaven Scorching Thunder Fire, neither of which lost out when compared to the Blue Ice Flame, the stalemate only lasted a short time before the brightly flickering blue light began to dim.

At that moment, Liu Yan’s figure trembled, and the phantom image of a tripod-style furnace appeared within her.

This was her natal artifact, the Origin King Grade Artifact Refining Furnace!

The Blue Ice Flame was quickly condensed and sealed by the Artifact Refining Furnace. Having gained control over this new flame, as long as she was given enough time, Liu Yan would be able to refine it into her being to increase her strength.

*Pu...*

In the distance, Li Mao Ming spurted out a mouthful of blood as he felt his connection to the Blue Ice Flame become severed. It was now impossible for him to retrieve it unless he were to kill this strange Firebird.

While Liu Yan and Li Mao Ming were fighting for control of the Blue Ice Flame, Xiao Xiao had been engaging in battle with Gong Sun Liang.

Although Xiao Xiao had assumed his stone giant form, compared with the enormous Embodiment, he still looked like a grandson in front of his grandfather. Gong Sun Liang saw that his strength was insufficient to deal with the Embodiment, so he instead turned his attention to Xiao Xiao.

Gong Sun Liang’s short sword artifact had been damaged quite badly already, losing much of its spirituality, so he was unable to use it again at this moment. Instead, he summoned a heavy-looking war-hammer type artifact.

Pouring his strength into this artifact, Gong Sun Liang slammed it down at Xiao Xiao.

Xiao Xiao met his attack head-on with a swing of his stick.

The hammer-like artifact exploded into dust on contact and Gong Sun Liang’s whole body was sent flying, the bones in both his arms shattering from the impact.

Only now did Gong Sun Liang realize how big a mistake he had made. Although his hammer artifact was not Origin King Grade, it was still Origin Grade High-Rank, Yet this extremely strong artifact exploded into dust, so it was not hard to imagine just how powerful this strong stone giant’s seemingly simple stick really was.

This strength alone was enough to win ten out of ten frontal contests!

The two Second-Order Origin Kings were both easily taken down, causing the remaining eight First-Order Origin King Realm Elders to exchange lost and helpless glances for a time.

The Embodiment continued its unhurried stroll, leaving deep cracks and gullies as it took each step, its very existence like a mountain pressing down on all the Purple Star masters’ hearts, making them breathless.

Even Shen Tu and his followers, who were being guarded by Yang Kai had their jaws dropped at the moment as they stared blankly at the scene before them, unable to believe what they were seeing.

With just his own strength, Yang Kai was fighting against all the masters of Purple Star, including eight First-Order Origin Kings, two Second-Order Origin Kings, and one Third-Order Origin King... But not only was he not losing, he also occupied the absolute advantage.

If they had not seen it with their own eyes, they would never have believed it possible.

Shen Tu was thoroughly shocked, but at the same time somewhat embarrassed and depressed.

Thinking back to when he and Yang Kai met for the first time, Yang Kai had been far behind him in terms of cultivation and the two of them had to mutually help one another in order to survive.

But upon meeting again, after just a few dozen years, Shen Tu found that his friend now stood at a height that he couldn’t see even by craning his neck up high. This massive gap would be impossible for him to close for the rest of his life...

This discovery made Shen Tu feel somewhat lost...

These years, he had not been wasting his time; rather, he had been working hard to cultivate, wanting to be recognized by President Ai Ou and wanting to surpass his outstanding Third Brother, but his achievements now seemed so worthless in front of Yang Kai.