Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1905, Long Tian Shang

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

[If I could have a Second-Order Origin King as a subordinate, then along with my identity as the Origin King Grade Alchemist, I would rule the entire Star Field!]

Zuo De was inevitably moved. Even though he felt that it was a set-up, he couldn’t help but agree out of confidence in his own Alchemy skills.

“Yang Kai!” Xue Yue screamed in surprise. She seemed to be about to persuade Yang Kai but Yang Kai raised his hand to stop her.

Then he turned to Zuo De and spoke indifferently, “This Yang has no talent, this one is only a Second-Order Origin King now. But this one happens to have a strong and robust body. It won’t be a problem to live for a couple of millennia. I should have more than enough time to be Grandmaster’s bodyguard for a thousand years, but I don’t know if Grandmaster dares to take this bet?”

The expression of Ai Ou and many Alchemists immediately changed. Everyone was shocked by Yang Kai’s shocking behaviour.

Zuo De’s expression also changed. He nodded and said, “You are indeed right. Your proposal sure is tempting but just being a bodyguard is far from enough, this old man wants you to be at my beck and call!”

Just as Zuo De said this, Ai Ou’s face blackened with rage. He looked clearly unhappy.

Every Origin King Realm master was a high and mighty figure. Even if they acted modestly before Zuo De, that was out of respect for him. When Yang Kai said that he would act as Zuo De’s bodyguard for a thousand years, it was already an extremely unbelievable and unbearable proposition from Ai Ou’s point of view. If it was him in place of Yang Kai, he couldn’t agree, no matter what.

But not only was Zuo De not satisfied with this, but he also wanted Yang Kai to be at his beck and call.

He wasn’t asking for a bodyguard but a servant!

A bodyguard was only responsible for Zuo De’s safety but a servant was different. The servant would need to complete all kinds of Zuo De’s orders, giving up his dignity completely.

It was an insult to the Origin King Realm masters! It was a blatant show of disrespect!

Ai Ou too was an Origin King Realm master, and a Second-Order Origin King at that, just like Yang Kai. He was deeply affected by this situation as if he himself was experiencing it, which inevitably made him furious.

Yang Kai, on the other hand, agreed without a moment of hesitation.

Zuo De hadn’t expected Yang Kai to agree so readily. He thought that Yang Kai would bargain with him back and forth. He proposed it to get as much benefit as possible. He even had several backup plans in his mind. For instance, how many times Yang Kai would have to follow his orders unconditionally.

But it never ever crossed his mind that he might not even get to use them. He was stunned for a moment. However, he soon opened his mouth and proposed again, “A thousand years aren’t enough: two thousand years!”

“Okay!” Yang Kai agreed again without thinking.

“Grandmaster Zuo De!” Ai Ou suddenly shouted in a deep and reverberating voice. “Aren’t you going a bit overboard with this proposal?”

He finally couldn’t hold the anger in his heart. Even when Zuo De arrived late to Water Sky City, Ai Ou had not taken it to his heart. Even when he threatened Ai Ou to agree to Xue Yue’s marriage, Ai Ou had still put up with it. But now, Zuo De was practically trying to take the lion’s share. He had directly increased a thousand years to two thousand years.

Who could bear the fetters for two millennia?

Ai Ou couldn’t put up with it anymore.

In any case, Yang Kai proposed to compete with Zuo De in Alchemy for Gu Bi Hu. Although Ai Ou had no idea why Yang Kai wanted to do this, he was still very grateful to him. Regardless of whether it could be done or not, he owed Yang Kai a favour, a very big favour.

Was there another Second-Order Origin King in the world who was willing to use his freedom to do someone’s bidding for two thousand years?

He was the only one in the world!

Therefore, Ai Ou stepped up without a moment of hesitation, changing his previous attitude and accusing Zuo De.

If he didn’t even have such courage and determination, then he didn’t deserve to be the President of the Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce.

Zuo De sneered. “He agreed to it himself, President Ai Ou. Why are you worried?”

Yang Kai looked at Ai Ou and gave him a calm smile. “President Ai Ou, please wait a moment. Although I agreed for two thousand years, whether Grandmaster could live for so long still remains unknown.”

He was indirectly cursing Zuo De’s early death. Zuo De was a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator, moreover, he had already lived for a long time. Otherwise, he won’t have been an Origin King Grade Alchemist. The next two thousand years were indeed a long way for him.

Zuo De couldn’t help but scowl. He let out a cold snort and retort, “Rest assured, this old man will try his best to survive for another two thousand years for today’s bet.”

“I hope so.” Yang Kai smiled.

Ai Ou sighed. Surprisingly, he raised his hand and patted Yang Kai. “Brother Yang, you and I are brothers from now on. This Ai has etched today’s events in his mind!”

“Hehe...” The corner of Yang Kai’s lips couldn’t help but twitch. Yang Kai’s current feeling was too hard to describe. He was feeling extremely conflicted; his emotions were in turmoil. He didn’t know whether he should laugh or cry.

He immediately diverted the topic and said, “Now that this Yang’s ante is set, what about Grandmaster’s?”

Zuo De’s expression immediately turned cold. He promptly asked, “What ante do you think is suitable for this old man?”

Yang Kai smiled. “Since this Yang has used his own personal freedom, Grandmaster should do the same for the sake of fairness!”

Zuo De furrowed his brow, but he didn’t agree right away.

“What’s wrong? Does Grandmaster dare not fulfil it? Does Grandmaster have no confidence in his Alchemy and thinks that he will lose to this Yang?” Yang Kai fanned the flames.

“Bullshit!” Zuo De immediately blew his top. “When it comes to Alchemy, this old man will not lose to anyone. But if you think you can make this old man agree using provocation, it’s useless!”

“Tsk tsk...” Yang Kai clucked his tongue, deliberately acting ambiguously. “Ah, Grandmaster can’t afford to lose, is that it!? Forget it then, there is no need to be so angry. I also don’t want you to bet your freedom for the little years you have. In that case... how about you refine a hundred Origin King Grade pills every year for the rest of Grandmaster’s life.”

“A hundred pills a year!?” Zuo De’s face reddened in anger. “Don’t you think you are trying to take the lion’s share!?”

Before Yang Kai could say anything, Zong Ao, who had been standing on the sidelines till now, sneered and said, “Grandmaster, how can you say this? Yang Kai has bet his two thousand years of freedom. He is a Second-Origin King master. Grandmaster, don’t you think you should come up with equal stakes? A hundred Origin King Grade pills a year is nothing for Grandmaster, but two thousand years of freedom is very significant for Yang Kai. Grandmaster, you can be considered to be a man of noble character and high prestige, yet you have been doing not this, not that. Are you trying to take advantage of your old age?”

Zong Ao had been watching the show from the sidelines for a long time. He already couldn’t take it long ago.

At first, he still respected Zuo De as an Alchemist even though he despised Zuo De’s character. But now it had become apparent to him that this old guy’s character was worse than he had thought. In contrast, Yang Kai’s charm was simply boundless.

The sliver of respect he had for Zuo De had vanished in a puff of smoke.

Zuo De wasn’t affected by Zong Ao’s words at all. He sneered and said, “In this old man’s opinion, his freedom is not worth a penny. But this old man has to refine a hundred Origin King Grade pills every year, that’s nerve-racking. God knows how many people would die for just one pill!”

“Hmm... you are right.” Much to everyone’s surprise, Yang Kai nodded in agreement. “Well then, I don’t want you to refine a hundred pills a year, how about eighty?”

“Fifty, not a pill more!” Zuo De waved his hand.

“Sevent...”

“Fifty-five!”

“Seventy!”

“Sixty!”

“Deal!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Under everyone’s dumbstruck gazes, the two bickered and haggled back and forth before finally agreeing on sixty Origin King Grade pills a year!

Although it was less than half of what Yang Kai proposed, sixty Origin King Grade pills was also a huge fortune. In the entire Star Field, just an Origin King Grade pill was enough to make people fight and kill for it.

Only a Grandmaster like Zuo De could talk about a hundred or sixty of them so easily.

“Kid!” After the stakes were agreed, a grim look seemed to have appeared on Zuo De’s face. He looked at Yang Kai with a hideous smile. “Today, the gamble between you and I is decided in front of President Ai Ou and many Origin Grade Alchemists. If you dare not admit it after losing, then...”

“Rest assured, President Ai Ou has a big reputation in Star Field. He always acts impartially unlike someone who deceives the public with false reputation. I want to ask him to be the arbiter. If you or I don’t fulfil the stakes after losing, I ask President Ai Ou to kill him on the spot!” Yang Kai suggested with a smile hanging on his lips.

Zuo De’s face immediately darkened. A sliver of fear could be seen in the depths of his eyes.

He was a Third-Order Origin Returning Realm cultivator. If Ai Ou really decided to kill him, he would not see the light of the next day no matter what.

After giving it a second thought, he said in a grave voice, “It’s not that this old man suspects President Ai Ou’s character, it’s just that... Your Excellency is a Second-Order Origin King master, just like President Ai Ou. If you tried to escape, President Ai Ou might not be able to stop you.”

Ai Ou’s face grew cold. Just when he was about to say something, subtle energy fluctuations appeared in the void as a figure emerged out of nowhere.

A smile was hanging on that figure’s face that made everyone bask in warmth. His hair and beard was all white but his complexion was extremely ruddy, giving everyone the impression that he was a young man. And standing straight with the sheathed sword hanging on his back, his entire figure gave everyone the impression of a peerless blade with a hidden edge; it was exceptionally daunting.

The figure, carrying its hands behind the back, walked down the air step by step and said with a smile, “If Ai Ou can’t stop him, I will intercept him myself. Is that okay with you, Grandmaster Zuo De?”

The crowd only reacted after hearing this man’s voice. They immediately looked for the source. And when they saw his face, Ai Ou couldn’t help but be shocked. He hurriedly cupped his fists and bowed. “Martial Uncle Long, how come you are here?”

[Martial Uncle Long...]

Ai Ou’s address made everyone immediately realize the identity of this man.

The only Third-Order Origin King master of the Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce; one of the prominent figures standing at the peak of the Star Field, Long Tian Shang!

Just how Purple Star had Master Lunatic, the Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce had Long Tian Shang. These two were fearsome figures that could shake the entire universe.

However, Long Tian Shang’s fame was far greater than Master Lunatic because, when Long Tian Shang had just advanced to the Third-Order Origin King Realm a thousand years ago, he went to a Cultivation Star for some reason and slaughtered dozens of small and large sects there, creating rivers of blood and mountains of corpses in a radius of thousands of miles on that Cultivation Star. It was just like a hell on earth.

Long Tian Shang’s notoriety had spread far and wide after that battle! Everyone in the Star Field would turn pale whenever they talked about him.