Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1908, Is He Really an Alchemist?

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

Zuo De’s words gained the favour of the Alchemists who were unaware of the truth. Some of them immediately shouted aloud, “Since someone is so full of himself, Grandmaster doesn’t need to blame himself. It’s okay to teach him a lesson.”

“That’s right. Grandmaster is a noble character of high prestige. It’s really outrageous that someone would actually dare to compete with you in Alchemy.”

“How about Grandmaster take a break and let me compete on your behalf? I won’t let Grandmaster down!” Someone even volunteered for it.

These Alchemists, who came to join in the fun, were completely unaware of the truth. They didn’t even know what pill they were going to be refining. They just came here because of Zuo De’s fame. So naturally, they didn’t have a good impression of Yang Kai.

In their opinion, competing with Zuo De in Alchemy in itself was completely intolerable.

Most of the five hundred or so Alchemists glared at Yang Kai in anger and disdain. They could not wait to swallow him whole in one go.

Yang Kai smiled at the sight of this.

Zuo De smiled and said, “Everyone, this old man appreciates your kindness. However, this old man really has to personally make a move for this because this kid is competing with this old man to refine the Soul Source Restoration pill!”

“What!? Soul Source Restoration Pill!?”

“Isn’t that an Origin King Grade pill?”

“Grandmaster is actually going to refine a pill of this level? How lucky!”

“Is this guy also an Origin King Grade Alchemist? He doesn’t look like it.”

The crowd of Alchemist broke into a lively discussion. It immediately became quite noisy.

“Okay, okay, break it up, will you!” Ai Ou shouted aloud as his face turned ugly. “Grandmaster Zuo De and Yang Kai are about to start refining. All of you are Alchemists, don’t you know that one should not be disturbed during Alchemy? Please don’t make any more noise. Otherwise, don’t blame this Ai for not showing leniency!”

As soon as Ai Ou said this, the noisy hall immediately turned silent.

Zuo De smiled and said, “Everyone, just don’t make any noise. It’s not a problem if you want to observe and emulate.”

Many Alchemists beamed with joy and looked at Zuo De with gratitude as soon as Zuo De said this.

“President Ai Ou, please hand this old man the ingredients for refining the Soul Source Restoration Pill and also prepare a copy of the same for the kid,” Zuo De said aloud.

“But of course.” Ai Ou immediately nodded upon hearing this. He then took out many ingredients from his Space Ring, divided them into two, and gave them to Yang Kai and Zuo De.

The two sets of ingredients were basically the same. The only difference was that the one given to Zuo De had a Seven Colored Elk’s Monster Core.

After the ingredients were finalized, Ai Ou said, “This is the ninth level of the Alchemist Pavilion. The Earth Fire is the most intense here. Refining pills here can help Alchemist’s save a lot of time and energy. You can choose the best suitable location for you.”

Dragon head-like things could be seen here and there on the ninth level. The dragon heads weren’t that big but their jaws happened to be open and they could be controlled by a nearby Spirit Array. Once the Spirit Array was turned on, the power of Earth Fire could be drawn from the ground and out of the dragon head. It could also control the fire’s power, which was extremely convenient.

Obviously, Zuo De was familiar with this place. After hearing Ai Ou, he made his way straight to a dragon head and started making preparations.

Over five hundred Alchemists also rushed over and stood twenty feet away from him, forming a circle around him. Their eyes were completely glued on Zuo De.

Ai Ou came to Yang Kai’s side and asked in a low voice, “Brother Yang, do you want to use a room? Although this place is pretty wide, there are many people here. I’m afraid you will inevitably be disturbed.”

“No need.” Yang Kai shook his head and said, smiling, “If I took the room, these people will not be able to see how I refined the pill. I’m afraid they will suspect me of doing something.”

“Hmm, you have a point,” Ai Ou furrowed his brow tightly. “But can you really refine the Soul Source Restoration Pill?”

He didn’t believe it from the beginning to the end. But Yang Kai clearly looked calm and unperturbed, which naturally made him a little suspicious.

[Could he be an Origin King Grade Alchemist and had also made great progress in Martial Dao?] Just as this idea popped in Ai Ou’s mind, Ai Ou denied this notion because it was too unrealistic.

“President Ai Ou, just wait and watch.” Yang Kai pursed his lips into a smile.

Ai Ou said nothing more.

On the other side, Zhan Yuan’s voice suddenly came with a sense of schadenfreude, “Friend, Honoured Teacher asked me to ask you, do you want to borrow an Origin King Grade Alchemy furnace? You need to know that a good Alchemy furnace can also increase the success rate in Alchemy. Although you might be unable to start up the Origin King Grade Alchemy furnace with your ability, the Honoured Teacher is compassionate, it’s okay for you to use it.”

“This Yang appreciates Grandmaster’s kind intention. As for Origin King Grade Alchemy Furnace... hehe, I too have one!” Yang Kai said with a laugh and took out his Purple Origin Furnace from his Space Ring.

He brought this thing from the Emperor Garden as well. It was something that was tens of thousands of years old. At that time, a pill with Pill Clouds was lying in this Purple Origin Furnace.

When Yang Kai took out the Purple Origin Furnace, all the Alchemists gathered on Zuo De’s side could not help but cry in surprise.

But soon, everyone suppressed their cry of surprise as they looked at Yang Kai’s Purple Origin Furnace with a greedy and covetous gaze. They could not keep their eyes away from it.

All of them were Alchemists. Naturally, they could tell that the Purple Origin Furnace was extraordinary. Purple clouds were lingering around the furnace. And the moment the furnace was taken out, all the Alchemists on the ninth floor could smell the pill fragrance permeating in the air. In just one glance, they could tell that many top-class pills had been refined in this furnace. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Is he really an Alchemist?” Zhan Yuan was also dumbstruck.

[If he is not an Alchemist, how did he come to own an Origin King Grade Alchemy furnace?] But soon, he concluded that Yang Kai might have gotten it accidentally as a war trophy. After all, Yang Kai was strong. He faced many crises and went through many adventures every year. As a Second-Order Origin King master, there might be all kinds of things lying in his Space Ring.

[Damn it! He is just a cultivator and actually has an Origin King Grade Alchemy furnace, while a promising and rising Alchemist like me is only using a Mid-Rank Origin Grade Alchemy furnace!?] Zhan Yuan ground his teeth in hatred. He believed that the Purple Origin Furnace in Yang Kai’s hand was like casting pearls before swine. He could not help but rush to snatch it from Yang Kai’s hand.

Having considered all of this, Zhan Yuan started making plans on how to take Yang Kai’s Purple Origin Furnace. [Would it be too much to add another bet at this moment?]

He was lost in various fancies and conjectures. He couldn’t help it.

“Your pill furnace is pretty good,” Zong Ao raised his brow. “Judging by its primitive aura, I’m afraid it’s quite old, am I right?”

From several hundred Alchemists, only Zong Ao was standing by Yang Kai’s side. He didn’t go to watch Zuo De.

“It’s indeed very old. I only got it by accident. But... Grandmaster Zong Ao, I hope you are not eying my Alchemy Furnace. I only have this one.” Yang Kai grinned meaningfully.

Zong Ao immediately pursed his lips upon hearing this.

Ai Ou broke into laughter and said, “Let it be. I remember that there is an ownerless Origin King Grade Alchemy furnace lying in Water Sky City’s Treasury. I will send it to Grandmaster Zong Ao tomorrow.”

Because of today’s incident, Ai Ou had become very friendly to Zong Ao because he firmly stood by Yang Kai’s side from the beginning to the end.

Zong Ao immediately smiled and cupped his fists as he thanked, “Thank you very much, President Ai Ou.”

“A hero deserves a good sword.”

Just as several people were talking, Zhan Yaun’s voice echoed from that side as he yelled, “Friend, Honoured Teacher said that there is too big of a gap between him and you. And since there is no time limit for this competition, as long as you refined the Soul Source Restoration Pill, the Honoured Teacher will admit defeat.”

“This junior thanks Grandmaster for his kind intentions. This junior will try his very best!” Yang Kai cupped his fists and thanked loudly.

Zhan Yuan responded with a sneer.

Ai Ou’s face turned serious as he shouted in a low voice, “Since both of you are ready, let the competition begin!”

Just as he said, a scorching heatwave suddenly spread from Zuo De’s side. Obviously, the Spirit Array was started up, drawing the power of Earth Fire.

“Yang Kai, don’t be nervous. It’s no big deal to lose,” Xue Yue said with concern.

There was one thing she didn’t say. If Yang Kai really lost, she would do anything to take Yang Kai out of Water Sky City even if she had to risk her life. In any case, she couldn’t let him be a slave for two millennia. She believed that her father would not ignore it.

“I’m not nervous.” Yang Kai nodded. “However... Can you stand a bit back? I can’t work if you keep standing here.”

“Hm, I’m sorry! I forgot!” Ai Ou and the others were rendered speechless. They hurriedly retreated.

In a flash, the ninth level of the Alchemist Pavilion was divided into two, one was centred around Zuo De. Over five hundred Alchemists of Saint King Grade or above had formed a large circle around Zuo De, staring their eyes out at Zuo De, lest they missed any details.

And the other was around Yang Kai. But compared to all the hub-bub around Zuo De, it looked extremely desolate here. There were only Ai Ou, Xue Yue, and Zong Ao around Yang Kai, that’s all. The trio looked extremely nervous, worrying about gains and losses.

Ai Ou and Xue Yue exchanged glances with each other from time to time as if they were exchanging something ulterior.

Suddenly, some unsuppressed exclaims rose from Zuo De’s side. Zuo De opened the Alchemy furnace in front of him before throwing the already prepared herbs skillfully into the pill furnace by Zuo De. With one hand, he was throwing the herbs inside, with the other, he was controlling the heat. His every action was extremely fluid, simple, and eye-catching, fascinating the five hundred or so Alchemists so much that they forgot Ai Ou’s previous warning for the moment.

“As expected of the Grandmaster. He actually put the Eternal Water Orchid and Blue Heart Fruit together. I can’t even think of doing it even in my dreams.”

“Strange, the Sea Grass and Red Flame Flower have opposite attributes. Putting them one after another will ruin their efficacy. Shouldn’t he refine one first before putting the other one?”

“What do you know? Grandmaster has his own reasons for doing this. Didn’t you notice that when Grandmaster placed the Sea Grass into the furnace, he activated the Spirit Array inside the pill furnace with his Saint Qi? I’m afraid the two herbs had already merged perfectly.”

“So that’s how it is! Grandmaster seems to be too fast, my eyes can’t keep up with him. I’m so ashamed!”

“Hehe, what’s there to be ashamed of before the Grandmaster!? You better keep watching! Today’s gain will surely be the blessing of my life.”

Zuo De was a veteran Origin King Grade Alchemist. Zuo De might have agreed to compete with Yang Kai in anger but once he entered the Alchemy zone, he became as calm as an ancient dried-up well. All the sound around him disappeared. All in his eyes was the heat, timing, pill furnace, and ingredients. Everything else was already thrown aside.