Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1916, Teach the Alchemic Dao

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain &Dhael Ligerkeys

The environment of the eighth floor of the Alchemist Pavilion was similar to that of the ninth floor, but the Earth Fire wasn’t as strong as it was on the ninth floor. Be that as it may, no one paid that much attention to it. They just sat cross-legged in the hall, facing Yang Kai, listening to him explain the mystery of the Alchemic Dao.

If Yang Kai was asked to explain the Alchemic Dao to so many Alchemists before this, he might not have been up to it, even if his Alchemy skills were better than the others.

It was one thing to know Alchemy and another thing to explain it to others. One needed to have a very high level of understanding to do the latter.

Fortunately, it was different now. The Grand Alchemic Dao Tone had rung in Yang Kai’s ears for an entire day, and the mystery of the Alchemic Dao was etched into his mind like a brand. His understanding of Alchemic Dao had reached a whole new level, an unprecedented level.

Explaining Alchemy to these Saint King Grade and Origin Grade Alchemists was a piece of cake for him.

Yang Kai preached about Alchemic Dao for three days, covering all kinds of topics; from how to choose the herbs, distinguish between good and bad pill recipes, refine the medicinal liquid, controlling heat, engraving the Spirit Arrays, and then finally Pill Condensing Technique.

All the Alchemists were so into it that they didn’t even notice the passage of time.

From time to time, someone would look pleasantly surprised. Clearly, he had suddenly understood the problem that had been plaguing them for many years under Yang Kai’s guidance.

Yang Kai benefited a lot from this himself. By teaching these Alchemists about the Alchemic Dao, he had a better understanding of everything that had been etched into his mind by the Grand Alchemic Dao Tone.

At first, he would sometimes stop, immersed in his own thoughts, pondering. But by the time he reached the end, he never stopped in-between; he kept going. Everything he mentioned was an Alchemy secret that average Alchemists would be unable to glimpse even if he spent his entire life.

Sometime in between, an Alchemist on the ninth floor would wake up and make his way to the eighth floor and sit down cross-legged quietly, listening to Yang Kai with rapt attention.

After having experienced the lucky chance of the Grand Alchemic Dao Tone, they had gotten huge benefits from Yang Kai again.

After three days, all the five or so hundred Alchemists were sitting on the eighth floor, not one less. Everyone was sitting before Yang Kai, looking at him with solemn and earnest looks on their faces. Even Zong Ao was no exception.

Yang Kai had noticed him walk in long ago, he just nodded to him slightly but didn’t stop teaching the Alchemic Dao.

Suddenly, Yang Kai stopped speaking.

The eighth floor of the Alchemist Pavilion was so silent that even the drop of a pin could be heard. Everyone had even suppressed the sound of their breathing to the bare minimum. When Yang Kai stopped speaking, everyone knew that the sharing was over.

Everyone looked eager for more.

But Yang Kai smiled and stood up. He cupped his fists to everyone and said, “That’s all for today. Thank you, everyone.”

All five hundred or so Alchemists stood up together and thanked Yang Kai with an earnest look on their faces and cupping their fists in return, “Disciples thank Grandmaster Yang for going through the trouble of teaching us!”

Yang Kai was stunned. However, he was back at ease very soon.

Zhan Yuan had always referred to himself as a disciple just because of a few unintentional pointers from Zuo De many years ago. He also addressed Zuo De as Honoured Teacher.

This time, Yang Kai had preached Alchemic Dao for three days to over five hundred Alchemists and could be regarded as their Honored Teacher. Unfortunately, they couldn’t address Yang Kai as teacher because he hadn’t given his consent, but they sure could call themselves disciples.

Alchemists paid great importance to heritage.

Yang Kai had imparted Alchemy experience and understanding to others generously. Although it could not help them achieve success overnight, it was a great kindness nonetheless.

Especially the magical Pill Condensing Technique. If these Alchemists could completely comprehend the technique, it would definitely bring a huge change to the Alchemy world of the entire Star Field.

After all, in every Alchemist’s mind, they could only refine one pill from one set of ingredients, but by resorting to that special Pill Condensing Technique, one could refine two, three, even four or five pills from one set of ingredients. This was tantamount to greatly reducing the cost of refining pills and increasing the output of the pills.

If this technique became known to all the Alchemists, the cultivators of the Star Field would no longer have to be afraid of the lack of pills.

In any case, these five hundred or so Saint King and above Grade Alchemists could be considered as Yang Kai’s disciples from today, including Zong Ao.

This was definitely a force that shook the entire Star Field.

No one could say how many of these five hundred or so Alchemists would advance to Origin King Grade in the future.

Yang Kai didn’t assume airs either. He cupped his fists in return and said, “You are welcome.”

“Grandmaster Yang, this disciple can’t get something you said before out of his mind and is confused about it. I wonder if I can ask it or not?” a middle-aged beautiful female Alchemist asked Yang Kai, giggling.

“If you have any questions, just ask. If this King can answer it, this King will not hide it,” Yang Kai replied with a smile.

“I believe everyone here believes and knows Grandmaster Yang’s character. However... Grandmaster, didn’t you say that there was an Alchemist better than Grandmaster Zuo De, and even you, before you started competing with Grandmaster Zuo De? It’s not true... is it?”

Just as she mentioned this, someone immediately agreed, “That’s right! I heard this too! But how is this possible? Grandmaster Yang’s Alchemy skills have already reached perfection. How can anyone surpass him in Alchemy?”

“Grandmaster said it just for the sake of it. You believed it?”

“I wasn’t speaking just for the sake of it.” Yang Kai smiled and shook his head. “There is indeed one person in this world who is far better than me in Alchemy!”

“Impossible!?”

“There is actually such a person!?”

“Grandmaster Yang, you are being too humble.”

The other Alchemists raised a clamour. They didn’t want to believe Yang Kai. They all thought that Yang Kai was just being humble. After all, everyone had a great understanding of Yang Kai’s temperament by now, he was friendly and unpretentious.

“I’m not being humble, I am just stating the fact,” Yang Kai turned serious and said. “It’s hard to say now, I might be a bit better than that person, but she was definitely better than me before. And in the future... she will be better than me.”

“Who is this person?” All the Alchemists were taken aback. Judging by Yang Kai’s expression, everyone knew that he wasn’t exaggerating. They all wanted to know what made that person so different.

“As far as I know, Grandmaster Zuo De’s Alchemy skills are the best in the entire Star Field. Even if someone could stand shoulders to shoulder with him, he or she could not surpass Grandmaster Zuo De for sure. So, the person mentioned by Grandmaster Yang must be...” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“You don’t need to guess. You don’t know her name. She is my Senior Sister. She is just like me, unknown to everyone!” Yang Kai explained.

“Grandmaster Yang’s Senior Sister!?

“No wonder!”

“Is Grandmaster Yang from the Alchemy Sect? Both Senior Sister and Junior Brother have already reached the level of the Origin King Grade...”

“Grandmaster Yang, where is your Sect? Can this disciple go and join your sect?”

Just as someone asked this, many Alchemists looked eagerly at Yang Kai. If a Sect could foster two Origin King Grade Alchemists, it was absolutely a Holy Land in the eyes of many Alchemists. If they could join that Sect, their future might be absolutely wonderful!

There was only one thought lingering in everyone’s mind: They wanted to ask where Yang Kai’s sect was. Even if they couldn’t join the Sect, they could still go to observe and emulate; they might gain something.

Yang Kai failed to stifle his laughter. “If you let President Ai Ou know of this, would he let this matter rest at that!?”

If Ai Ou came to know that all these five hundred or so Alchemists were thinking of joining the High Heaven Sect, he would surely fight it out with Yang Kai.

All these Alchemists were the elite force of the entire Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce. All the pills produced by the Chamber of Commerce depended on these people. If they left, the Chamber of Commerce’s business would collapse.

“Don’t mention this anymore. If there is a chance, this King might welcome you to visit. But today, it is better for you to enter a retreat and finish your enlightenment.” Yang Kai was afraid that he really would not be able to escape if continued speaking.

Having heard this, nobody made things difficult for Yang Kai. Besides, they did have to enter a retreat to finish their enlightenment and digest everything they had gained over these days. The next moment, the crowd of Alchemists scattered as everyone hurriedly returned to their respective residences for retreating.

Zong Ao, on the other hand, didn’t leave. Only when Yang Kai and he were left in the entire Alchemist Pavilion did he ask Yang Kai with a strange look on his face, “Should I also address you as Honored Teacher or as Grandmaster Yang?”

“I will be embarrassed if you address me like this.” Yang Kai forced a wry smile.

“Come on, I will have to find myself a hole to crawl into if you address me as Grandmaster.” Zong Ao rolled his eyes at Yang Kai. “Who would dare to call himself Grandmaster before you?”

“Then how about we let things remain the same as before? No one would feel embarrassed then,” Yang Kai patted Zong Ao’s shoulder with a smile. He then quickly changed the topic, asking in a low voice with a solemn look on his face, “It seems that you are now an Origin King Grade Alchemist.”

A fierce gleam flashed past Zong Ao’s eyes. He glanced at Yang Kai in surprise. “It seems I can’t hide it from you...”

“When the Grand Alchemist Dao Tone rang, you were the first one to sit down. And when I was sharing about Alchemic Dao, you seemed to have gained a lot. Obviously, you have made progress.”

“Yes, I have comprehended a lot. Although the Grand Alchemic Dao Tone was elusive, I had the chance to hear many of the mysteries, and with your explanation, I have mastered most of it. However... an Alchemist’s promotion isn’t the same as a cultivator’s. It’s not a matter of accumulating enough foundation; I need to enter a retreat for a while. If I could refine an Origin King Grade pill after exiting, I would be an Origin King Grade Alchemist!”

“Then, I await the good news.” Yang Kai smiled slightly.

“Thank you, Yang Kai,” Zong Ao said with an earnest look on his face.

Yang Kai was taken aback for a moment but quickly replied, “This was your own chance, you don’t need to thank me. You should probably enter the retreat as soon as possible. I hope that when you come out, another Origin King Grade Alchemist is born in this Star Field.”

“I sure hope so!” Zong Ao nodded. “I will take my leave then.”

Yang Kai nodded, sending Zong Ao off.

After Zong Ao’s figure disappeared from Yang Kai’s sight, Yang Kai immediately spread his Divine Sense out to probe around a bit. He immediately noticed that Long Tian Shang’s aura had already disappeared from the void.

Yang Kai didn’t pay that much attention to it. Next, Yang Kai’s figure flickered before he disappeared from this place.

By the time he reappeared, he was already outside the Alchemist Pavilion.

A familiar figure happened to be waiting for him outside. The figure could not help but jump back in fright at the sight of Yang Kai’s sudden appearance, but he looked relieved the next moment. After all, it was a matter of course for Yang Kai to do this with his strength.

He hurriedly cupped his fists and greeted Yang Kai. “Brother Yang.”

“Why are you here?” Yang Kai gazed at Shen Tu in amazement.