Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1935, I’ll Remember You

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Only an Emperor Artifact could possess such terrifying destructive power. The spirituality of the Netherworld Darkness Shroud had been all but destroyed in a single blow, and no Dao Source Grade artifact could achieve such a feat.

Just who was this little brat? Not only did he have a True Dragon Scale refined into his body, he even possessed an Emperor Artifact. Didn’t they say that their Star Field had been closed off for over ten thousand years? Why did it have such an astonishing heritage then?

At that moment, Yin Le Sheng’s eyes shook violently.

*Pu...*

He could help coughing up a mouthful of blood.

Checking again, he realized that the Emperor Artifact had not only destroyed his Netherworld Darkness Shroud but also caused massive damage to his body. Pure destructive energy was now wreaking havoc in his physique and meridians, and no matter how he tried, he was unable to suppress it.

Yin Le Sheng immediately felt both frightened and lucky.

Fortunately, Yang Kai’s strength was too low to display the full power of this Emperor Artifact, otherwise, even if he was a Dao Source Realm master, he would have been vaporized.

This Emperor Artifact... he needed to seize it. If the value of the dragon scale was above that of his Netherworld Darkness Shroud’s, then the value of this Emperor Artifact was above that of the dragon scale. Even in the Star Boundary, an Emperor Artifact was a rare and precious treasure!

Yin Le Sheng lifted his hand and madly struck his own body as he crazily pushed his strength, forcefully suppressing his wounds while at the same time he stuffed a number of Spirit Pills into his mouth like beans and crushed them.

Lifting his feet with great difficulty, he dragged his severely wounded body towards Yang Kai!

But at that moment, a cry filled with fear rang out from Liu Xian Yun, “Senior Brother Yin!”

Yin Le Sheng was startled and quickly turned his head only to see a shocking scene.

A massive tear had appeared in the Starlight Corridor, like the passageway itself had broken apart, a black chaotic nothingness rapidly sucking in the surrounding starlight wisps.

*Kacha...*

Countless more cracks soon speared from this gash in the Starlight Corridor.

At this moment, the entire Starlight Corridor seemed akin to a broken mirror, crisscrossing cracks spreading out at an alarming rate.

“Damn it!” Yin Le Sheng’s face turned pale as he realized that the blow from the Emperor Artifact just now had shaken the stability of the Starlight Corridor and that this place was on the verge of collapsing.

“Hateful!” Yin Le Sheng roared. This was a result he had never anticipated. He thought that after waiting here for five years, converting all his Saint Qi into Source Qi; supplemented with his Netherworld Darkness Shroud’s defensive ability, he could kill anyone who came through here with ease!

How could he have known a variable like Yang Kai would appear?

The Starlight Corridor was the bridge that allowed cultivators from the various Star Fields to travel to the Star Boundary, so generally speaking, the cultivators that entered this place were Origin Kings. No matter how an Origin King tossed about here, it should be impossible for them to affect the stability of the Starlight Corridor.

But Yang Kai using an Emperor Artifact was a completely different story. The Annihilation Thunder Bead contained the strength of a real Emperor, so how could the Starlight Corridor withstand it?

That’s why such a situation had occurred.

“Senior Brother Yin, what’s happening here?” Feng De had also gone pale as he felt the Starlight Corridor begin to collapse around him, becoming as anxious as a headless fly, no longer even bothering about Gui Zu and the others he was just trying to kill.

“This place is about to collapse,” Yin Le Sheng said hurriedly before turning his head to stare at Yang Kai fiercely, “Since we can’t catch them alive, they have to die, all of them!” Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

His last words were clearly orders to Feng De and Liu Xian Yun.

Yang Kai’s expression changed when he heard this and he shouted sharply, “Don’t even think about it!”

Saying so, disregarding all the injuries he had suffered, he exploded several drops of Golden Blood in his body to replace the Qi consumed by the Annihilation Thunder Bead and began pushing a rich Space Force from his body.

As if he had gone mad, Yang Kai, began attacking the surrounding space.

Waves of Space Force spreading around like ripples, further destabilizing the already crumbling Starlight Corridor and causing it to crumble even faster.

A series of massive Void Cracks began to appear, like fierce beasts trying to swallow everything around them.

Yin Le Sheng realized what Yang Kai’s intentions were and madly charged towards him.

Yang Kai did not even bother with him though and instead focused entirely on manipulating his Space Force to further collapse the Starlight Corridor power.

*Hualala...*

As if a mirror had broken, the entire Starlight Corridor instantly shattered as countless Void Cracks took shape.

“Yang Kai!” Ai Ou suddenly yelled. The place where he and everyone else was standing was swiftly swallowed up by a Void Crack as soon as his voice fell though, causing them to disappear into the chaotic nothingness.

Yang Kai resisted the many discomforts in his body as he shot his Divine Sense into the Void Crack to guide Ai Ou and the others forward.

A soft cry rang out next as Liu Xian Yun was also swallowed by a different Void Crack, her figure disappearing just before Feng De also vanished.

*Li...*

Liu Yan escaped from the cage she had been trapped inside at that moment and frantically flapped her wings, trying to fly towards Yang Kai, but an ocean of Void Cracks was between them.

Liu Yan’s eyes filled with anxiety as she was unable to rush to Yang Kai’s side no matter how she tried. Three breaths later, she too was swallowed by a Void Crack.

Xiao Xiao had long been missing, so at this moment, only Yang Kai and Yin Le Sheng remained inside what was left of the Starlight Corridor.

Yin Le Sheng had a ferocious expression on his face as he stretched out his hand towards Yang Kai and condensed a massive bone spear.

Yang Kai turned to him at that moment and smiled coldly, “I’ll remember you! Today’s enmity, I swear to repay a hundred times over!”

As soon as these words fell, he took the initiative to leap into the Void Crack behind him, causing Yin Le Sheng’s bone spear to hit nothing.

“Damn it, damn it!” Yin Le Sheng roared furiously as he saw more and more Void Cracks form around him, the surrounding space becoming more and more unstable. Left with no other choice, he could only grit his teeth and actively jump into the crack closest to him, disappearing in the next instant.

After everyone left, the Starlight Corridor suddenly burst apart as the various Void Cracks all swirled around like sharp blades. It was conceivable that if there were any living creatures left here, they would have been shredded apart.

This scene lasted for half an hour before it was slowly restored to its original form under the guidance of the World Principles here.

.....

Upon an unknown mountain range, Yang Kai lay on his back, motionless, looking up at the gorgeous starry sky.

Currently, Yang Kai seemed as tranquil as an ancient well, without any sadness or joy apparent on his face, only indifference.

The battle with Yin Le Sheng and his group just now had made Yang Kai instantly aware of his shortcomings. His group, comprised of six peak level masters from their Star Field, were toyed with by Yin Le Sheng alone and almost wiped out without even the ability to resist. If it were not for the Annihilation Thunder Bead’s saving blow, it was likely all six of them would now be dead or enslaved.

Yin Le Sheng was also from a different Star Field called the Grand Desolation Star Field and had yet to even step into the Star Boundary, but he already had such terrifying strength, so what about the real cultivators from this place? Would they all show such astonishing power?

Yang Kai felt an incomparable yearning for such strength.

As for Gui Zu and the others, Yang Kai was not too worried about them; after all, the five of them were at least together. At the last moment, Yang Kai had used his Divine Sense to guide them together, so he was confident they would not be lost to the Void somewhere.

Liu Yan and Xiao Xiao were also separated from him during this battle.

Yang Kai was more worried about his two big helpers; after all, Liu Yan was a sentient Artifact Spirit, a treasure anyone would covet, while Xiao Xiao had a unique form and ability. If either of them were caught, they would likely become enslaved.

But worrying now was useless, as Yang Kai himself hadn’t even escaped danger yet.

Using the Annihilation Thunder Bead had completely emptied his energy, and at the last moment, he had also used his Space Force recklessly to hasten the collapse of the Starlight Corridor, completely overdrawing his strength.

Since arriving in this place, Yang Kai had not been able to move and could only silently breathe while inspecting his injuries and trying to restore his strength.

His injuries themselves, fortunately, did not seem too serious, thanks in large part to his dragon scale which had blocked the larger portion of Yin Le Sheng’s strength, what was a problem was his extreme overdraft.

[This is the Star Boundary, right?] Yang Kai wondered to himself.

As he lay there, looking up, everything he saw seemed so different from what he could see in the Star Field. In the sky, huge, beautiful nebulae of every shape and size stretched out before him.

Such a scene could not be witnessed anywhere in the Star Field. The night sky of the Star Field was only filled with gleaming stars.

As he stared up into the night sky, Yang Kai could perceive the direction his Star Field lay in. There seemed to be something that connected him closely to his Star Field, allowing him to perceive the location of his hometown no matter where he was.

He did not understand what this connection was though, causing him to frown.

After a long time, when his strength had been restored slightly, Yang Kai let out a sigh of relief before taking out all kinds of Spirit Pills from his Space Ring with difficulty and stuffing them into his mouth.

Immediately, he sent his consciousness into his Knowledge Sea.

He was faintly aware that the key to his connection with his hometown lay inside his Knowledge Sea.

Looking around, Yang Kai observed carefully.

When he looked up at the sky above his Knowledge Sea, he could not help his eyes from lighting up as he finally understood what was connecting him and his homeland.

The Star Chart!

It was actually this mysterious Star Chart he had always regarded as only being useful for finding his way!

At this moment, looking at the Star Chart again, Yang Kai suddenly found that its shape was exactly the same as one of the distant nebulae he had seen in the starry sky above.

Yang Kai could not help showing a thoughtful look.

If that was the case though, could one of the countless nebulae he had seen just now really be the Star Field he had come from? Was that why the shape of that particular nebula was exactly the same as the Star Chart in his Knowledge Sea.

Did that mean the other nebulas were also other Star Fields?

Thinking so, Yang Kai could not help feeling shocked. According to his observations just now, there were almost too many nebulas to count, and if each of them represented a unique Star Field, then this world which was able to see them all was simply too astonishing in size.

The scale and scope of this world were probably so grand that even an Emperor would not be able to see its complete form.

Wu Sheng Feng was extremely excited when he saw the Star Chart in his mind, causing Yang Kai to realize that this Star Chart seemed to involve some huge secret, but Yang Yan had not said much when he asked.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai guessed that this Star Chart probably had a lot to do with becoming a Star Field Guardian!