Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1953, Strange Ice Flower

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

There was still some time before Yang Kai’s three-month confinement period was up, and now that he had accomplished all the things he had planned to, Yang Kai’s mind began to wander again.

Arriving at the entrance to his cave mansion, Yang Kai looked down into the dark abyss.

A month and a half ago, he could only reach a position less than five thousand meters below the top of Ice Cliff before having to return, illustrating just how harsh the environment was here.

Now that his strength had grown significantly, he was eager to test his limits again.

Additionally, if he could cultivate under the thick Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles for some time, it would be of great benefit to his mind and body. If nothing else, it would serve as good preparation for when he faced Dao Source Realm masters in the future.

If he could withstand Emperor Pressure, what would the coercion of a Dao Source cultivator count for?

Considering all this, Yang Kai did not hesitate to jump down.

Just like previously, the further he descended, the greater the Emperor Pressure and the richer the Ice Principles became. The ubiquitous cold seeped into Yang Kai’s body and Knowledge Sea, hindering his movements greatly.

Yang Kai did not move quickly as he slowly pushed his limits.

At three thousand meters, he was still safe and sound, at five thousand meters he was able to bear it, at eight thousand meters, it became somewhat difficult...

Once he reached ten thousand meters, Yang Kai was barely able to hold on.

He had broken through a Minor Realm and converted a large portion of his Saint Qi into Source Qi while also condensing his Origin Essence Crystal, yet it appeared an additional five thousand meters was all he could withstand. Experiencing this, Yang Kai could only shake his head as he further realized just how horrifying Emperors were.

With his current strength, ten thousand meters was his limit.

Just when he was about to stop and excavate a new cave mansion nearby to further temper himself, an idea flashed across his mind and he quickly became eager to test it out.

“I wonder if Nihility... can resist the frigid Ice Principles here!”

Having hit upon this idea, Yang Kai immediately put it into action and displayed his newly comprehended Secret Technique.

Instantly, his figure disappeared in place, leaving behind only a nearly transparent ripple where he once stood.

After displaying Nihility, Yang Kai immediately felt the terrifying Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles which were threatening to crush him alive disappear entirely.

There was simply no pressure at all where he stood.

[It really works!]

Yang Kai celebrated in pleasant surprise, but soon discovered a new problem.

After displaying his Secret Technique, Nihility, he could indeed ignore the Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles in this place, but after just two breaths, the omnipresent Emperor Pressure and Ice Laws would overwhelm his Secret Technique, revealing him again.

The surging pressure descended upon him again in the next instant.

Standing still, Yang Kai frowned, pondering about what had just happened.

Soon, he understood.

His new Secret Technique relied upon him expending Space Force, merging his physical body with the Void to hide it from both visual and Divine Sense probing.

Because his body merged with the Void, it was also able to ignore the surrounding Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles suppression.

However, Nihility was by no means omnipotent; after all, the Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles here were extremely profound and powerful, not something he could simply ignore. Under the battering of these two forces, it was natural that Yang Kai was unable to maintain his technique for long at his current level of mastery in Space Force.

Simply put, as long as the power of an attack exceeded his own ability to defend against it by a wide margin, it could dispel his Nihility Secret Technique.

Although this was all just speculation, Yang Kai felt like it was close to the truth.

This was an inevitable result, so Yang Kai was not frustrated and instead felt that it was natural.

There was no such thing as an invincible Secret Technique in this world. In the end, everything depended on one’s own strength.

However, that being the case...

Yang Kai grinned and displayed his Nihility Secret Technique again before immediately teleporting away.

The next moment, he appeared another fifty meters down where the ambient Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles broke his technique again.

However, just as his figure was revealed, before the surrounding terrifying forces could suppress him, Yang Kai once again used Nihility to merge with the Void and avoid the deadly pressure.

Repeating this process, Yang Kai rapidly descended, completely ignoring the dangerous environment surrounding him.

He had only wanted to test out the uses of Nihility, but now, he simply wanted to see how deep he could dive into the Ice Cliff.

Coming to his senses a moment later, Yang Kai could not help breaking out into a cold sweat as he stared up and was unable to even see the sky anymore.

Instinctively, he wanted to flee this place, lest he make a single mistake and wind up buried here. If that really happened, it would be the worst kind of joke.

However, just as he was about to leave, he saw a twinkle of light out of the corner of his eye, like something was gently flickering down below.

“What’s that?” Yang Kai kept displaying Nihility as he turned his head and looked down.

A moment later, the tiny fluorescent flicker appeared again.

Yang Kai was sure that he was not seeing things and there was really something there. After hesitating for a moment, he teleported once more to investigate.

However, to his surprise, Yang Kai actually found he had reached the bottom of the Ice Cliff without knowing it!

In these deepest depths, the Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles were so strong they could instantly kill an average Dao Source Realm cultivator. Even a Third-Order Dao Source Realm master would not be able to reach this place.

Kou Wu had told him that the Sect Master and four Protectors had all come here before to investigate the Ice Cliff, but none of them had been able to reach its bottom.

However, Yang Kai’s Nihility Secret Technique gave him the ability to temporarily ignore the Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles in this place, allowing him to reach this unexplored land.

The luminous flicker was not too far away from him, so Yang Kai carefully moved towards it while maintaining a vigilant watch on his surroundings, lest some kind of accident occurred.

Soon, he arrived at the source of the light.

There was no sunlight at the bottom of the cliff, but Yang Kai was no ordinary person either, so his vision wasn’t affected in any way. Looking around, his eyes could not help lighting up.

In front of him, a strange object that looked like an Ice Flower appeared. This Ice Flower looked as if it was really carved out of ice, having a pure and flawless appearance without the slightest imperfections.

Budding from this Ice Flower, were three small fruits. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Each of these fruits was only about the size of a small egg and had the appearance of fine ice crystal, a faint light actually pulsing from their surfaces, giving them an ethereal quality.

When Yang Kai first saw this, he subconsciously thought that it was some kind of ice carving rather than a spirit flower and fruits.

But soon, he realized he was mistaken because there was a faint scent in the air, the unique scent of spirit fruit that carried with it both a cool and refreshing aroma.

It was obviously a real spirit fruit!

In this terrifying environment, at the bottom of the deep Ice Cliff, Yang Kai did not dare to release his Divine Sense to check, but he could still tell that this Ice Flower and the three Ice Fruits contained extremely powerful energy. If a cultivator who cultivated an Ice Attribute Secret Art could obtain these things, it would be a peerless treasure!

They were most likely born here because of the Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles.

Yang Kai quickly drew some conclusions about this Ice Flower and Ice Fruits and also understood that they were incredibly valuable. Because this spirit flower and fruits had been nurtured in this unique environment, they now contained traces of the Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles present here, which meant that a cultivator could comprehend some of the Divine Ability the Emperor who created this place used, whether they were used for Alchemy or swallowed directly.

This was a priceless treasure!

Yang Kai could not help breathing a little bit faster and nearly failed to re-active Nihility in time, causing a cold sweat to drip from his forehead.

After stabilizing his emotions, Yang Kai squatted down and began circulating his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi with a thought.

Soon, Yang Kai’s right hand was wrapped in a crimson red light.

Naturally, it was his Fire Sword Qi!

It was impossible to pick this kind of treasure without taking some precautions, but all Yang Kai could think of was to use his Fire Sword Qi to try restraining the rich Ice Attribute energy that radiated from this spirit flower.

However, he still underestimated the horror of this treasure and when his hand touched it, the crimson light which was protecting him collapsed on the spot. In the next instant, an indescribable chill began to seep into his fingers and travel up his arm.

A layer of frost formed on Yang Kai’s arm at a rate visible to the naked eye.

Yang Kai was horrified and without even hesitating for a moment he roared “Dragon Transformation!”

Accompanied by the sound of a thunderous dragon roar, a golden dragon phantom suddenly appeared behind Yang Kai. This dragon phantom flashed before sinking into Yang Kai’s body, at which point his right arm transformed into a dragon claw covered in thick Dragon Scales.

Grabbing the Ice Flower tightly, Yang Kai yanked fiercely before rapidly tossing it into his Sealed World Bead.

The next moment, Yang Kai inspected the situation inside the Sealed World Bead anxiously.

Inside the Sealed World Bead, a giant made from stone was meditating with its eyes closed. It was none other than Yang Kai’s Soul Clone that had been integrated into the second Stone Puppet to become his Embodiment.

This giant mountain-like body stood up and disappeared from where it had been sitting with a flicker to quickly arrive at a different place.

This was where Yang Kai had thrown in the Ice Flower.

*Kacha...*

Crisp cracking sounds rang out as inside the Sealed World Bead, the area around the Ice Flower rapidly transformed into a frozen landscape that spread out at an extremely fast speed. The terrifying Ice Principles contained in the Ice Flower even began to have an effect on the space inside the Sealed World Bead, causing the temperature to drop slightly.

Soon, within a radius of ten kilometres, a thick layer of ice had formed. Only after extending out such a distance did the anomaly caused by the Ice Flower gradually subside.

Receiving a report from his Embodiment inside the Sealed World Bead, Yang Kai finally felt relieved as he stood at the bottom of the cliff.