Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1954, Clear Sky Snowfall

Yang Kai was in a good mood after inadvertently acquiring a treasure like this Ice Flower.

While this thing was useless to him, it could be exchanged for a large number of cultivation resources, especially Source Crystals, which he was currently short on.

If he could find a good auction house to entrust the three ice fruits too, Yang Kai estimated he wouldn’t have to worry about Source Crystals in the near future.

But the bottom of the cliff was not a place to remain, so after obtaining the Ice Flower, Yang Kai immediately prepared to evacuate.

However, at that moment, a sharp and strange hissing sound suddenly reached his ears and a thin white light shot over from the distance, whistling like thunder as it carried a fierce momentum with it.

Yang Kai’s eyes shrank as an incredible sense of crisis gripped his heart. Without hesitation, he teleported away.

*Chi...*

The snow-white ray of light struck the empty space where Yang Kai once stood and proceeded to plow through the ground, sending ice and rock flying in a shocking display of power.

“Who!” Yang Kai subconsciously thought that a master had hidden themselves at the bottom of this Ice Cliff and had attacked him, because the attack just now gave off the feel of a Sword Dao Secret Technique, and the white light was clearly a kind of sword-light that contained potent Ice Principles!

However, as soon as he shouted, Yang Kai felt that something was wrong. This was the bottom of the Ice Cliff and he was only able to arrive here thanks to his Nihility Secret Technique. If someone else was hiding here, just how terrifying would their strength have to be?

Would such a master need to launch a sneak attack to deal with him?

Thinking so, he quickly looked towards the source of the attack.

In the next instant, Yang Kai received a great shock.

Slashing towards him was another snow-white sword wave that was infused with rich Ice Principles that caused space itself to ripple and freeze as it flew forwards!

[I can’t block it!] Yang Kai instantly judged his situation and did not hesitate to teleport away again.

At the bottom of this cliff, he had to divert a good portion of his attention to resist the suppression of the surrounding Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles by maintaining his Nihility Secret Technique so he wouldn’t be crushed to death. Now, facing such a violent attack, although Yang Kai was somehow able to deal with it, it was by no means easy.

After dodging the enemy’s second blow, Yang Kai finally got a chance to see who it was that was attacking him.

Seeing his attacker though, Yang Kai’s eyes bulged as his heart clenched and he exclaimed in disbelief, “How is that possible?”

He wasn’t being attacked by another person, but rather by a Monster Beast. This Monster Beast had a thick, pure white carapace, possibly from living at the bottom of this Ice Cliff for so long.

“A Spirit Devouring Monster Insect? It can’t be...” Yang Kai couldn’t believe his eyes.

The Spirit Devouring Monster Insect wasn’t a species exclusive to the Star Boundary, it also existed in the Star Field, so Yang Kai was able to recognize this Exotic Insect. The Spirit Devouring Monster Insect was capable of eating everything that contained energy.

Artifacts, Artifact Armour, cultivators, Saint Crystals... anything and everything could be gnawed through by this creature’s powerful jaw. Even powerful ancient barriers could be consumed by it.

There was a legend back in Yang Kai’s native Star Field that a swarm of these Spirit Devouring Monster Insects had been sealed on a certain Cultivation Star, but that after aeons of time, they had managed to eat their way through the seal and then caused a bloody reign of terror, nearly exterminating all life on that Cultivation Star.

Of course, this was only a legend, and whether it was true or not was unknown; however, where there was smoke, there was normally fire, so it was not difficult to understand the danger of Spirit Devouring Monster Insects.

Fortunately, these Exotic Insects matured very slowly, and most cultivators also understood how harmful they could be, so once they were found, they were quickly exterminated.

Yang Kai had also encountered Spirit Devouring Monster Insects before so he was able to recognize it at a glance.

But... the Spirit Devouring Monster Insects he had come across before were no bigger than his finger and couldn’t cause any harm to even weak cultivators.

On the other hand, the snow-white Spirit Devouring Monster Insect in front of him was four meters tall and had a majestic and mighty aura to it. Its fierce appearance alone put great pressure on Yang Kai.

“A Monster Insect Queen?” Yang Kai’s face sank.

Spirit Devouring Monster Insects weren’t high-level sentient creatures, but instead had a similar social structure to common ants. Among a swarm of Spirit Devouring Monster Insects, there was always a matriarchal entity that ruled over them.

The one in front of Yang Kai right now was definitely such a Monster Insect Queen!

What was truly outrageous though was that this snow-white Monster Insect Queen was using its two forelimbs to condense a sharp, white Sword Qi.

Yang Kai couldn’t believe his eyes.

At the bottom of this Ice Cliff, it was already unthinkable that such a huge Monster Insect Queen had appeared, yet it could even use Sword Qi.

What was going on?

The two attacks just now, which were clearly Sword Dao Secret Techniques, were no doubt from this Monster Insect Queen.

Even Yang Kai, who was accustomed to seeing great winds and waves and had a wealth of experience, felt like he was unable to keep up with the situation for a moment. Everything he saw before him completely subverted his common sense, destroyed his cognition, and made him unable to find a reasonable explanation.

The sentience of Spirit Devouring Monster Insects was very low, and even if one grew for tens of thousands of years, it couldn’t evolve to the point where it could use anything resembling a Sword Dao Secret Technique.

However, judging from the power of the two Sword Waves just now, this Monster Insect Queen’s accomplishments in the Sword Dao were not low! That was definitely a Grandmaster level attack.

One more thing that puzzled Yang Kai was that he faintly felt that the two sword attacks earlier gave him a feeling of familiarity.

Just as he was lost in thought, the Monster Insect Queen once again raised its limbs and its two small eyes flashed a cold white light before Ice Principles began condensing around it into a glowing white Sword Qi.

A flash of white light appeared as a pair of Sword Waves surged forward like a mighty dragon going to sea!

Even before these two Sword Waves reached him, Yang Kai’s breathing stagnated as the space around him seemed to freeze.

This was Sword Intent, an extremely profound Sword Intent infused with Ice Principles! The surrounding World Energy even began to condense into millions of tiny ice blades that madly shot towards Yang Kai.

It was as if it had suddenly begun to snow.

Seeing this scene, Yang Kai exclaimed in shock, “Clear Sky Snowfall!”

The shock in his heart increased several times over as he never expected to see this Sword Dao Secret Technique in the Star Boundary. He knew the power this Secret Technique contained so he didn’t dare to hesitate as he sent out countless Moon Blades to intercept it.

*Hong Hong Hong...*

The Ice Principles and Space Principle collided with one another, causing a series of explosions that shook the entire Ice Cliff. Although Yang Kai’s comprehension of the Dao of Space had reached a level that ordinary geniuses could never reach, he was still just a Third-Order Origin King, in the end. What’s more, this harsh environment at the bottom of the Ice Cliff greatly suppressed his strength while simultaneously boosting the Sword Dao Secret Technique displayed by the Monster Insect Queen.

So, as soon as the two Secret Techniques touched, Yang Kai’s Moon Blades were smashed to pieces, unable to contend with the Sword Wave at all.

The dazzling icy blade tore through Yang Kai’s resistance and slashed towards his face.

Yang Kai’s heart clenched as he hurriedly pushed his Nihility Secret Technique to its max, further merging himself with the void.

*Xiu xiu xiu...*

The countless ice blades and the two huge Sword Waves passed through the place where Yang Kai was located, directly nullifying his Nihility Secret Technique.

Yang Kai’s transparent body was revealed again, and although he managed to avoid most of the attack, he had not been able to completely resist the Ice Principles effects.

When he appeared again, his face was a shade of bluish-purple, and before he could gather his energy to deal with the Monster Insect Queen, the surrounding Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles crashed down on him again. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Panicked, Yang Kai quickly used Nihility again to avoid the violent murderous pressure.

[I can’t stay here. If I do, I’ll die!]

Yang Kai immediately understood his situation and the instant his Nihility Secret Technique activated, he madly pushed his Space Force and teleported upwards, trying to escape from the icy depths.

Even if he didn’t look back, Yang Kai knew that the Monster Insect Queen was right behind him, because more Sword Waves were still flying at him from behind. If he wasn’t proficient in the Dao of Space, which allowed him to instantaneously move from one place to another, he would either be an ice sculpture or a shattered ice sculpture at this moment.

“Impossible, this is absolutely impossible!” Yang Kai flew up while dodging the attacks from behind in a flurry as a look of incomprehension covered his face.

The reason was simple: This Sword Dao Secret Technique displayed by the Monster Insect Queen had left him at a total loss.

After observing the Secret Technique several times, Yang Kai confirmed without a doubt that he had seen this attack before.

It really was Clear Sky Snowfall!

This was the Secret Technique that Su Yan used!

Back in High Heaven Sect, Yang Kai had occasionally seen Su Yan use this Secret Technique, so his understanding of it was very clear.

After coming to the Star Boundary though, he was now witnessing this Secret Technique be displayed by a Spirit Devouring Monster Insect Queen. How could Yang Kai not be surprised?

A Monster Insect Queen using a Secret Technique was shocking enough, but for it to be a Secret Technique that Su Yan had mastered was just too much. If it wasn’t for the pain Yang Kai felt from heavily breathing in the ice-cold air, he would have definitely thought he was dreaming.

What’s more, this Monster Insect Queen’s mastery and comprehension of Clear Sky Snowfall was definitely far beyond Su Yan’s.

After all, Su Yan was just a First-Order Origin King when Yang Kai left and she had only learned this Secret Technique a few years prior when she was a disciple of Scarlet Wave Star’s Ice Heart Valley.

The same Secret Technique appearing in two different places could only mean that it was somehow inherited by a master who had visited both places. But who could that be?

Did this Secret Technique originate in the Star Boundary or the Star Field?

Many thoughts flashed across Yang Kai’s mind, but he could not find a reasonable explanation.

However, he soon recalled Su Yan once saying to him that all the Secret Techniques she learned in Ice Heart Valley were originally created by Ice Heart Valley’s Ancestral Founder, Bing Yun. Even Profound Frost, Su Yan’s sword, was originally Bing Yun’s personal artifact.

With this connection made, Yang Kai vaguely remembered that Scarlet Wave Star’s Ice Heart Valley’s current Sect Master, Bing Long, had told him that Ice Heart Valley’s Ancestral Founder had likely not died because, in the Sect’s Restricted Area, only Profound Frost remained, while there was no sign of Bing Yun’s Origin Essence Crystal.

Could it be...

Did Ice Heart Valley’s Ancestral Founder Bing Yun actually travel to the Star Boundary?