Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1955, Backlash

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The more Yang Kai thought about it, the more he realized that it was possible.

Yang Kai didn’t know how strong Ancestral Founder Bing Yun was, but during her reign, Ice Heart Valley had been a super force that was comparable to Heng Luo Chamber of Commerce, Sword Union, and Purple Star.

However, over thousands of years, Ice Heart Valley’s disciples could not retain the glory of their ancestors and the Sect eventually fell to the point where only a single First-Order Origin King remained to assume command.

The woman who founded a Sect that could reach such a height and endure for over ten thousand years could not possibly be weak.

If Bing Yun had left the Star Field long ago and travelled to the Star Boundary, everything could be explained.

The Clear Sky Snowfall Secret Technique displayed by this Monster Insect Queen was definitely related to Bing Yun, as was the formation of this Ice Cliff.

If Bing Yun was still alive, it should not have been difficult for her to reach the Emperor Realm with her aptitude. If that was so, the remnant Emperor Pressure and Ice Principles in this place would very much match with those of Ice Heart Valley.

Yang Kai gradually sorted out the context of this matter, but whether his hypothesis was correct or not was impossible to know. At the very least, his guess could explain why Clear Sky Snowfall appeared in the Star Boundary.

As the Sword Waves continued to fly at him behind, Yang Kai soon discovered a certain point that allowed him to slightly relax. It seemed this Monster Insect Queen was only able to use Clear Sky Snowfall, and it was likely its strongest move.

This made Yang Kai overjoyed; after all, if that was the case, he would still have a chance to deal with it.

Fortunately, he was proficient in Space Force and was an expert in fleeing. The most difficult kind of cultivator to kill was one skilled in the Dao of Space.

Whether it was in the Star Field or the Star Boundary, this was the case. No one wanted to offend a cultivator like Yang Kai who could use Space Force to come and go without a trace, because if they did and couldn’t instantly kill them, it would only lead to great trouble in the future.

Therefore, once a cultivator offended such an enemy, there were only two safe solutions: Kill them quickly or exchange weapons of war for gifts of jade and silk! Otherwise, the consequences would be disastrous.

From the bottom of the cliff all the way to the surface, Yang Kai walked the line between life and death several times. Because he could not use his Divine Sense, Yang Kai didn’t know exactly how strong this Monster Insect Queen was, only that it was an opponent he definitely couldn’t contend with right now. As such, he didn’t even think about fighting and focused entirely on running away.

However, the Monster Insect Queen seemed to be obsessed and chased after Yang Kai relentlessly, its massive body leaping and twisting with uncanny agility as it scaled the walls of the Ice Cliff at a pace not slower than its prey.

After a full stick of incense worth of time, Yang Kai shot out from the Ice Cliff like a bolt of lightning and flew towards a nearby peak, finally able to catch his breath.

Without the suppression of the strong Emperor Pressure and Ice Laws down below, the natural advantage the Monster Insect Queen possessed disappeared and the situation improved.

As his thoughts turned, Yang Kai waited attentively while exhaling tepidly.

In the next moment, the huge snow-white figure shot out from the cliff and landed a few dozen meters in front of Yang Kai.

Observing the Monster Insect Queen’s hideous face, which was now clear in the light of day, Yang Kai couldn’t help feeling his skin crawl slightly. Using his Divine Sense, he scanned the aura of his opponent and discovered to his dismay that it was the same if not stronger than Bian Yu Qing’s.

“Emperor Realm?” Yang Kai paled in shock.

Even if this Monster Insect Queen was not a true Emperor level Monster Beast, it was likely not far off. That was almost two Great Realms above Yang Kai.

Fighting such an enemy was no different than courting death! Yang Kai couldn’t help feeling grateful he had not been instantly killed at the bottom of the Ice Cliff.

Just as big beads of sweat were dripping from Yang Kai’s forehead though, he suddenly discovered something else out of place with this Monster Insect Queen: It didn’t give off any life aura, like there wasn’t a trace of vitality in its body at all.

“It’s dead?” Yang Kai couldn’t help frowning.

Without any life aura or vitality, this Monster Insect Queen could only be dead, but how could something dead act so flexibly? It was even able to use a Sword Dao Secret Technique like Clear Sky Snowfall!

However, if this was the case, it also explained why a near Emperor Realm level Monster Beast had not been able to instantly kill Yang Kai. If it was already dead, it wouldn’t be able to display anywhere near its peak strength from when it was alive.

Yang Kai observed carefully and quickly noticed a long scar on its abdomen, one that seemed to have been caused by a single sword slash. There was still some remnant Sword Qi lingering around this wound that had penetrated deep into its body. The wound itself was frozen over with a layer of crystal-clear ice, revealing its internal organs, but strangely no blood was flowing through it.

[It really is dead! Is this something similar to the Corpse Spirit Race with a dead body but a living Soul? Was it somehow brought back to life because of the special environment at the bottom of the Ice Cliff?]

Since encountering this Monster Insect Queen, Yang Kai had been faced with a series of unanswerable questions, but he didn’t have any time to ponder on them as, after the Monster Insect Queen appeared, it immediately began to attack.

Its forelimb swords condensed a rich Sword Qi onto them before it slashed forward.

The sky instantly filled with thick snow, as if the world was being wrapped up in a layer of silvery-white.

A frigid, howling wind swept forth with the Monster Insect Queen at its centre and the land within a ten-kilometre radius was engulfed by an indescribable chill. In this world, it seemed the world’s laws had been erased and all that remained was cold.

Here, the Monster Insect Queen was supreme!

This was an Emperor’s ability to control Principles, the very laws which governed the world and moved the moon and stars.

Yang Kai’s complexion changed drastically as he desperately pushed his strength to resist, but he couldn’t stop his teeth from chattering as the cold overwhelmed him. At the bottom of the cliff, he had been struck by the enemy’s Sword Wave, and although Nihility had allowed him to avoid fatal damage, he did not escape unharmed. Now, inside this field where the enemy’s Sword and Ice Principles filled the air, Yang Kai was immediately beset with problems.

The eyes of the Monster Insect Queen flashed a strange snow-white light as it cried out sharply. As it screamed, its icy Sword Intent affected the surrounding World Principles even further, causing this originally not so cold region to become as unbearable as the bottom of the Ice Cliff.

Yang Kai’s expression sank as he realized that he was in deep trouble this time.

While he was used to challenging opponents with higher cultivations than his own, there were still limits to his ability. Facing this Monster Insect Queen, which had likely touched upon the Emperor Realm and was proficient in a profound Sword Dao Secret Technique, Yang Kai couldn’t put up any meaningful resistance, even with his great skill.

He could almost foresee that when his opponent’s sword finally fell, his soul would be extinguished.

Facing this moment of crisis, Yang Kai desperately pushed his Space Force to escape, but to his dismay, he found that the surrounding space had already been sealed off by the rich Ice Principles, making it impossible for him to teleport away.

The white eyes of the Monster Insect Queen revealed a cruel glow as it raised its two forelimb swords up high and began condensing its Sword Qi.

Standing at the gates of death, inspiration suddenly struck Yang Kai and he hurriedly summoned out a certain object, poured all his strength into it, and hurled it towards the Monster Insect Queen.

It was a bracelet-like artifact that had countless tiny glowing runes engraved on it and released a thick Emperor Pressure.

When Yang Kai threw out this bracelet, the Monster Insect Queen didn’t sense anything from it and completely ignored it, but when the tiny runes on the bracelet lit up, the Monster Insect Queen couldn’t help releasing a pitiful cry.

Its eyes bulging violently as it stared at the bracelet in horror, the Monster Insect Queen’s huge body actually began to tremble slightly.

The bracelet clearly had a powerful suppressive effect on it.

*Dingdang...*

The bracelet struck the Monster Insect Queen’s forehead, and although Yang Kai had thrown it with a good deal of force, such an attack was obviously unable to cause any kind of injury to it; however, the aura which radiated from the bracelet was like a bolt of lightning striking the Monster Insect Queen.

The rich Ice Principles and Sword Intent which had enveloped the surrounding world suddenly collapsed and the heavy snowflakes filling the sky all shot off in random directions like tiny flying blades.

Yang Kai’s face turned pale as he saw this and didn’t dare to remain. Summoning the Sealed World Bead, he hurriedly escaped inside.

The moment after Yang Kai disappeared, a whooshing sound rang out as the entire icy domain poured back into the Monster Insect Queen’s body and exploded.

*Hong Hong Hong...*

The Monster Insect Queen’s body lacked any kind of meat or blood, but its snow-white carapace was instantly riddled with holes while even the Sword Qi on its forelimbs collapsed and splashed out.

Backlash!

Displaying such a high-level Sword Dao Secret Technique but being interrupted at a critical moment had caused all the power of this Secret Technique to flow back into the Monster Insect Queen, essentially hitting it with its own technique in a completely unguarded fashion.

*Hualala...*

Above the Ice Cliff, ice and rock were cut to pieces by the overflowing Sword Qi and the entire peak had a layer shaved off. It was conceivable that if Yang Kai was still here, even if he had used all his defensive methods, he would have been sliced to pieces and died on the spot!

A series of rumblings rang out as the fragmented ice and rock fell towards the bottom of the Ice Cliff, hitting the rock walls in a chorus of destruction.

Only after thirty breaths of time did the disturbance at the top of Ice Cliff gradually subside.

It was then that Yang Kai’s figure reappeared from the Sealed World Bead. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The scene before him caused him to gulp unconsciously as he secretly rejoiced, he had acted fast enough to escape.

When he went to observe the Monster Insect Queen, Yang Kai was pleasantly surprised to find that it was lying motionless on the ground. It had been fatally wounded and its carapace was now in tatters. Obviously, it couldn’t be any more dead.

A white light suddenly emerged from the Monster Insect Queen, twisted slightly, and directly condensed into the appearance of a long sword.

In form, it looked quite similar to Su Yan’s Profound Frost.

“What the hell is that?” Yang Kai frowned and was just about to take a closer look when the snow-white light shot directly towards him, releasing a frightening ice-cold aura.

However, the pressure from this snow-white sword was nowhere near as terrifying as the Monster Insect Queen’s had been.

Yang Kai grit his teeth, lifted his Sealed World Bead and released his Divine Sense like a tide to wrap up the snow-white light as he shouted, “Come!”

The next moment, the snow-white light wrapped by Yang Kai Divine Sense was pulled into the Sealed World Bead.