Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1957, The Strongest Blood Beast Is Born

Marking this Sword Intent with his Soul was only the first step.

After completing this, Yang Kai released the bindings on the Sentient Sword Intent, and it no longer displayed any hostility towards him, even giving off a feeling of intimacy instead. The white light of its long sword form hovered around Yang Kai continuously, like a newborn baby that had just opened its eyes for the first time to see its parents.

No longer did it threaten Yang Kai; rather, it obeyed all of Yang Kai’s various orders without hesitation.

Yang Kai didn’t pay it any more mind and simply let it fly around next to him before closing his eyes and restoring his Spiritual Energy.

One day later, having restored himself to his peak, Yang Kai opened his eyes and found that the Sword Intent had already stopped flying around and was now resting quietly on his shoulder.

“Come, I’ll give you a new body,” Although Yang Kai knew that there was no point in trying to communicate with it, he couldn’t help talking out loud. As soon as his words fell, he stretched out his hand and grabbed the Sword Intent before immediately reaching out with his other hand and winding several Golden Blood Threads around it.

The Sword Intent seemed to want to resist, but under Yang Kai’s reassurances, it quickly calmed down.

Soon after, the snow-white Sentient Sword Intent was wrapped up in Golden Blood Threads and a massive surge of vitality flowed into it.

Half a day later, the originally snow-white Sentient Sword Intent had taken on a vibrant golden glow. At this moment, the Sword Intent was no longer just an aggregation of pure energy, but had an obvious vitality due to the infusion of Golden Blood Threads. It was not an exaggeration to say that it now possessed its own simple body.

With the Golden Blood Threads as its physical form and the Sword Intent as its soul, this Sentient Sword Intent was now a living creature, in a sense.

Yang Kai wasn’t finished yet though, and with a thought, the golden Sword Intent flickered and shot directly into the body of the Monster Insect Queen.

Lying on the ground, the Monster Insect Queen, which had no vitality at all, immediately underwent a significant transformation. The snow-white body took on a brilliant golden glow and was rapidly being repaired under the influence of the massive amount of vitality. The original damage from the Secret Technique backlash was now being restored at a rapid rate.

There were obvious power fluctuations now emanating from the Monster Insect Queen’s body.

The white eyes which had been dull and lifeless now began to faintly glow.

Yang Kai paid close attention to the changes in the Monster Insect Queen and to the degree of integration between the Sentient Sword Intent and its former host!

The method he was displaying right now was completely different from the previous Sword Intent’s control of the Monster Insect Queen. Before, the Sword Intent had simply attached itself to this body and controlled it like a puppet.

Yang Kai was using his method of condensing Blood Beasts to integrate the Sword Intent into the Monster Insect Queen’s body.

If he was successful, Yang Kai would immediately obtain an extremely powerful Blood Beast!

As for if it failed... Yang Kai felt failure was highly unlikely.

After all, the Sword Intent already had a certain degree of compatibility with the Monster Insect Queen, so, bolstered by his means, there was almost no possibility of failure.

Time passed as the colour of the Monster Insect Queen gradually changed to a mixture of gold and white while the aura fluctuations from its physical body and Soul became more and more stable, an obvious sign that the integration was nearly complete.

Just to be safe, Yang Kai even pierced his palm and forced out a few drops of his purest Golden Blood to ensure the Monster Insect Queen’s body was fully repaired.

Suddenly, the snow-white eyes of the Monster Insect Queen glowed a profound golden light and its huge body shivered, as if the Sword Intent was becoming familiar with its newly fused body.

Stumbling up from the ground with difficulty, like a toddler trying to stand for the first time, it almost fell to the ground several times.

When it finally managed to support itself and began to slowly walk around, Yang Kai could not help laughing.

[Success!]

Although his idea was a bit outlandish, it had proved effective, in the end. Using a separate Soul and physical body, he was able to condense a complete Blood Beast!

Originally, Blood Beasts were not truly living creatures and were instead formed from dead Monster Beasts. It was a Divine Ability that attached a Golden Blood Thread to a corpse, and the requirements for materials were not too strict.

Even if the Monster Insect Queen was crawling on the ground, its body was still one and half times Yang Kai’s height and had an imposing presence. The more Yang Kai observed his latest work, the more satisfied he became with it.

He could clearly feel the chaotic will of the Sword Intent inside the Monster Insect Queen’s body still intimately tied to his Soul.

When he fought against this guy before, he had not been able to determine its full strength, so now, Yang Kai naturally wanted to see how powerful it could be.

With a thought, he instructed the Monster Insect Queen.

The Monster Insect Queen immediately stood upright and condensed Sword Qi onto its right forelimb.

With the appearance of this Sword Qi, rich Ice Principles also condensed, causing the surrounding temperature to rapidly drop and innumerable tiny snowflake-like blades to form in the air before it slashed forward, sending out a deadly barrage towards the void.

Clear Sky Snowfall!

A violent power burst out suddenly, causing the surrounding space to tremble as the World Principles became slightly disordered from the impact.

Yang Kai nodded in appreciation.

Worthy of a Sentient Sword Intent, its mastery of this Sword Dao Secret Technique had reached a Grandmaster-level; however, that wasn’t a surprise as it was originally the Sword Intent of a powerful Emperor Realm master. At this moment, using the Monster Insect Queen as a medium, it was almost as if an Emperor was personally taking action.

The power it could display was obviously reduced due to various reasons, but the profundity of the Secret Technique itself was still an astonishing sight to behold.

“About as strong as a First-Order Dao Source Realm cultivator’s full-powered strike?” Yang Kai frowned as he muttered to himself and stared at the Monster Insect Queen.

Yang Kai was not dissatisfied at all as his experiment had achieved the expected effect.

Although he had felt an aura close to an Emperor Realm master from the Monster Insect Queen before, after transforming it into a Blood Beast, the amount of strength it could display had dropped noticeably.

This was inevitable.

The Blood Beasts Yang Kai had condensed before were all like this.

What’s more, at this moment, the Sentient Sword Intent and Monster Insect Queen had just fused together, so it certainly wasn’t able to exert its full power yet.

After some time, the power it could display would improve, but Yang Kai estimated that the Third-Order Dao Source Realm would be its peak.

Still, it was enough!

With the support of a Third-Order Dao Source Realm master by his side, one he could order around at will, Yang Kai finally had some qualification to stand in the Star Boundary and would no longer need to be as cautious and fearful as he had been until now.

However, external forces were in the end just that, external. It was personal strength that a cultivator should always prioritise.

Yang Kai deeply understood this and thus did not put all his hopes on external boosts.

His ‘punishment’ here in the Ice Cliff had yielded great rewards.

Without even mentioning the strange Ice Flower and Ice Fruits, just this Monster Insect Queen had made Yang Kai’s stay worthwhile. On top of that, he had made a breakthrough to the Third-Order Origin King Realm here and transformed half his Saint Qi into Source Qi while simultaneously comprehending his new Nihility Secret Technique.

Yang Kai was in an excellent mood as he observed the Monster Insect Queen in front of him while thinking it would be good if he could find an Ice Attribute artifact sword.

With a proper artifact to assist it, the Sword Intent would be able to exert significantly more power in combat.

If an enemy were to suddenly face this Monster Insect Queen while it wielded a long sword and used Clear Sky Snowfall, they would definitely be stunned stupid.

Although Yang Kai had many artifacts on hand, aside from a few Emperor Artifacts, there was really nothing he used personally, and there certainly was not an Ice Attribute sword that would meet the Monster Insect Queen’s requirements.

This was not a surprise though, since how could there be any Monster Beasts who were proficient in Sword Dao Secret Techniques?

After instructing the Monster Insect Queen to continue adjusting itself inside the Small Sealed World, Yang Kai left.

There was nothing more Yang Kai needed to do as it would simply take time and accumulation for the Sentient Sword Intent and Monster Insect Queen to fully integrate. Once this process was complete, it would become a complete Blood Beast.

Yang Kai was looking forward to it.

Over the next few days, there were no more surprises. Yang Kai dug out a new cave mansion at five thousand meters below the top of the Ice Cliff and used the special environment here to temper his will.

At the same time, he immersed himself in researching his new Secret Technique Nihility. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Finally, on a certain day, Yang Kai stood at the top of Ice Cliff and looked into the distance.

If his sense of time was not wrong, his three-month confinement should be up today, so he was standing here to wait for Kou Wu to come and pick him up.

Although his confinement was over, it might cause problems for him again if he simply flew back on his own, and Yang Kai didn’t want to draw more attention to himself now, so he patiently waited.

However, to his surprise, no matter how long he stood there, Kou Wu did not appear.

It was not until the day was almost over that a small black spot appeared in the distance.

Yang Kai smiled happily as he stared outwards.

The appearance of this visitor quickly entered Yang Kai’s eyes, but rather than Kou Wu, it was a cultivator he had never met before.

Judging from the aura this person gave off, he was only a Third-Order Origin King.

The visitor stopped at a distance, apparently not intending to get too close to this dreaded Restricted Area, and as he stared in the direction of Yang Kai, he simply yelled, “Senior Brother Kou asked me to come tell you today that your confinement is over, and you can return to the Sect.”

After saying what he needed to, this man turned around and left.

Yang Kai was stunned and quickly leapt up from where he stood to chase after this man.

As a fellow Third-Order Origin King, and with the other party not flying at full speed, Yang Kai naturally caught up very quickly.

Flying forward side by side, the person frowned slightly as he quietly spread out a bit from Yang Kai.

Although Yang Kai was aware of this, he did not pay it any mind and instead cupped his fists and asked, “Dare I ask this Senior Brother’s surname?”

The man wore an impatient look and snapped, “I was just ordered to deliver a message from Senior Brother Kou. Don’t try to get friendly with me.”

This man wore a grumpy expression on his face, like Yang Kai owed him a large sum of money.

Being rebuffed so forcefully, Yang Kai felt a bit awkward but still tried to ask, “Why didn’t Senior Brother Kou come today and instead troubled Senior Brother to come in his place?”

“Senior Brother Kou was given a task and left the Sect a month ago. If you want to wait for him to pick you up, you can go back to Ice Cliff!” The man finished explaining quickly before accelerating forward, quickly throwing off Yang Kai.