Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1962, Heaven Devouring Battle Law

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

It had only been four months since Yang Kai came to Blue Feather Sect, and this was his second time entering the Bone Prison.

However, the situation this time was quite different. The first time he had been caught and detained, but the second time it was a real punishment.

He and Liu Xian Yun were locked inside the same cell while Zhou Yi, Chu Fei and the others were locked up in a cell adjacent to them. They were so close that Yang Kai could still feel their hate-filled gazes, even in the darkness.

Yang Kai naturally ignored them.

Sitting down cross-legged on the damp ground, Yang Kai frowned.

Blue Feather Sect may not be a place he could remain any longer. He and Liu Xian Yun had joined this Sect temporarily because they were forced to do so. They had no sense of belonging to this place, and after so many incidents had occurred, Yang Kai did not want to remain either.

If he continued to stay here, perhaps one day he would find himself in real trouble. Yang Kai knew that his current strength was not very high, and although he was able to turn all danger into safety so far, that had more to do with luck than skill. A single mistake and his Martial Dao would come to end.

Yang Kai felt especially strong about this after he saw Yan Xiu Ran, Zhou Yi, and the others talking sneakily just now and sneering at him before they were locked up. Yang Kai knew they were plotting something and would probably even try to stealthily kill him inside this place.

Yang Kai did not plan on just sitting still and waiting for trouble to come.

Now that Protector Bian and Kou Wu were not in the Sect, as long as these people cleaned up the aftermath slightly, they would definitely not suffer any real consequences.

Besides, even if Bian Yu Qing came back, as a woman who was subject to shifting moods, it was not even certain she would stand by his side. She had thrown him into the Ice Cliff once already, not out of kindness, but more as a test of his potential!

If he had died, she would definitely not care, if he survived, she may pay a bit more attention to him, but not to the point where she would do everything in her power to protect him.

After making up his mind, Yang Kai quietly began to contact the master he had once met here.

“Senior... Senior Wu.... Senior Wu Meng Chuan...”

Yang Kai kept calling out softly.

However, to his surprise, he did not get any response.

When Yang Kai was first imprisoned in the Bone Prison, Wu Meng Chuan had taken the initiative to call out to him and said he could pass him the method to break the seal on his cultivation, but Yang Kai was completely unfamiliar with Blue Feather Sect at that time, so he didn’t dare to act rashly lest he be used as a pawn without him knowing.

If he wanted to leave Blue Feather Sect today though, he needed to take advantage of Wu Meng Chuan’s ability.

If he was really a Third-Order Dao Source Realm master, releasing him would definitely cause a giant commotion he could use as cover to escape together with Liu Xian Yun.

But now, the other party wasn’t responding, so Yang Kai couldn’t help wondering if Blue Feather Sect had moved him somewhere else or if the other party was already dead.

Yang Kai didn’t become discouraged though and kept trying.

Finally, after two full hours, a well-concealed Divine Sense fluctuation passed a message to Yang Kai’s ear.

“Brat, it’s you again! Did you get locked up again?” Wu Meng Chuan’s voice was filled with surprise.

Yang Kai’s mouth twitched, “Senior doesn’t need to laugh. But Senior, why did you not respond for so long? I thought Senior was no longer here.”

Wu Meng Chuan’s hoarse laughter rang out, “The Spiritual Energy I can use each day is limited, only enough to communicate like this for half an hour or so, so I dare not use it lightly.”

“So that’s how it is!” Yang Kai nodded slightly, not doubting his explanation.

“Kid, why are you trying to contact this old master? Are you prepared to cooperate with this old master?” Wu Meng Chuan’s emotions became vaguely agitated; after all, he had been locked up here for several years so after finding an appropriate helper, he naturally didn’t want to let go of this chance.

If he missed this opportunity, he did not know whether he would be able to escape the Bone Prison in his lifetime.

Yang Kai knit his brow and replied, “I’m fine with cooperating, and can even agree to help Senior escape from here, but... What benefits can Senior give me? After all, Junior doesn’t want to simply act for free.

“What benefits do you want? This old master will speak the truth with you: Right now this old master only has his life, so even if he promises you anything, he might not be able to deliver it. However, if you trust this old master, once he is free, this old master will give you anything you desire!” Wu Meng Chuan quickly said.

Yang Kai curled his lips and said with a casual look on his face, “Then Senior, do you have some powerful Secret Arts or Techniques? Just give me one of those.”

“You want a Secret Technique?” Wu Meng Chuan asked rhetorically before going silent.

Yang Kai did not worry and just waited quietly.

The reason why he made this request was just as a casual front, because even if Wu Meng Chuan said he would not give him anything, Yang Kai would still have to cooperate with him to survive. As such, Yang Kai simply wanted to give this request a try, and judging from this silence, it seemed like there was hope of success. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This made Yang Kai realize that Wu Meng Chuan really could not wait to leave this place, and his help was absolutely necessary! Otherwise, there would be no need to seriously consider his rude request.

Was Wu Meng Chuan really going to agree with his opening bid? Yang Kai suddenly had such a thought in his mind, but quickly rejected it.

The opponent’s strength was so high that if he annoyed him, Yang Kai would probably be the first to die if he did release him.

After a while, Wu Meng Chuan seemed to make a decision, laughed wickedly, and said, “Good, since you want to learn a Secret Technique, this old master will pass you his most powerful one! With the help of this Secret Technique, climbing to the Emperor Realm in the future will be completely possible! Here, take it!”

When the words fell, a wave of information flooded into Yang Kai’s Knowledge Sea. Yang Kai simply let go of his Knowledge Sea defences and accepted this stream of Spiritual Energy.

This message contained two Secret Techniques, one of which was the one to lift the seal on his cultivation, while the other was the ‘benefit’ Wu Meng Chuan gave to Yang Kai.

Yang Kai quickly began inspecting his gains.

Wu Meng Chuan’s voice sounded again a moment later, with a hint of exhaustion clear in his tone, “Boy, this old master is counting on you. Lift the seal on your cultivation as soon as possible then help this old master escape.”

After saying so, he fell silent. It seemed that using his Spiritual Energy to send that message just now had tired him out, so when Yang Kai tried to call out to him again, Wu Meng Chuan did not respond.

Realizing this, Yang Kai focused on investigating the two Secret Techniques Wu Meng Chuan had given him. Needless to say, the Secret Technique to lift the seal on his cultivation wasn’t very profound, and after reading it a few times, Yang Kai had already mastered it. All that was required was for him to stimulate and move his strength in a certain manner to slowly break down the seal.

As for the other Secret Technique, it had an extremely strange name.

Heaven Devouring Battle Law!

Yang Kai didn’t have much time to study and comprehend this technique carefully so he simply browsed through it.

Soon though, a look of shock filled his face.

He had thought that Wu Meng Chuan would casually give himself a Secret Technique to satisfy him, and his claims about it being his most powerful and profound method were all just lies.

Who would teach a stranger their best Secret Technique for no reason?

But now it seemed... What Wu Meng Chuan said was most likely true.

This Heaven Devouring Battle Law was not exactly a Secret Technique but was actually closer to a Secret Art, and an extremely profound one at that. By cultivating this Secret Art, one could swallow and refine almost anything that contained aura, just like a Spirit Devouring Monster Insect, allowing one’s strength to grow extremely rapidly.

This Secret Art was divided into several parts, and the most profound actually detailed how to cultivate it in the Emperor Realm.

Yang Kai’s eyes nearly popped out of their sockets as he read through this Secret Art.

Including information on the Emperor Realm meant that this Heaven Devouring Battle Law was truly a Secret Art one could use to cultivate to the Emperor Realm. The value of such a set of Secret Arts was inestimable, and it would definitely cause a reign of chaos and blood as people tried to snatch it if it were to appear in the Star Boundary.

Yang Kai was deeply shocked and had to check it several times before finally confirming he was not mistaken.

While greatly shocked, he was also equally suspicious.

How could Wu Meng Chuan impart such a miraculous Secret Art to him without any hesitation? Even if he needed help from Yang Kai, a master like Wu Meng Chuan wouldn’t act so generously. What kind of evil intent was he hiding?

This wasn’t just Yang Kai being overly suspicious and pessimistic about the situation, it was simply natural to think this way after such a treasure was simply tossed into his lap.

Yang Kai secretly guessed that this Secret Art either required some kind of special innate talent to cultivate, or if it could be cultivated by anyone, it had enormous drawbacks!

He was more inclined to believe the latter possibility.

As for what the consequences of trying to cultivate this Secret Art were, Yang Kai had no way of guessing for now.

Temporarily setting this Heaven Devouring Battle Law aside, Yang Kai began to comprehend the Secret Technique that lifted his sealed cultivation.

This seal was placed on him by a First-Order Dao Source cultivator, Senior Brother Pang, so there were some specific steps Yang Kai needed to take to lift it. If he tried to break through it forcibly, not only would he suffer backlash from the seal itself, he would likely harm himself in the process as well.

Yang Kai was not a new or inexperienced cultivator anymore, so he understood what he needed to do.

As such, he mentally prepared himself for a long and arduous struggle.

What shocked him though was that, less than an hour later, after following the steps outlined in the Secret Technique provided by Wu Meng Chuan, the seal on his body already began showing signs of loosening and his strength was starting to return.

This discovery surprised Yang Kai and he secretly guessed whether Wu Meng Chuan was a master from Blue Feather Sect in the past. Otherwise, how could he be so familiar with the method to remove the seal its disciples used to imprison others?

However, if Wu Meng Chuan was a master from Blue Feather Sect, why was he imprisoned in the deepest part of the Bone Prison?

This puzzled Yang Kai somewhat, but he didn’t spend much time agonizing over it. In his current situation, the sooner his seal was lifted, the better.

The aura fluctuations that gradually surged from his body could not be concealed from Liu Xian Yun who was so close by.

When she noticed this, Liu Xian Yun immediately covered her red lips with her hands and looked at Yang Kai in shock, unable to believe he was forcibly trying to break through a seal planted by a Dao Source Realm master and that he was having such success.

In order to avoid being caught by others, Liu Xian Yun took the initiative to sit cross-legged in front of Yang Kai to block his figure from view.

However, this could only delay matters slightly.

As Yang Kai’s aura fluctuations became more and more obvious, Zhou Yi and the others who were imprisoned nearby also began to take notice.

One by one, they climbed up from the ground and looked suspiciously towards Yang Kai’s location.