Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1964, Sect Master? FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“There are people already coming, quickly now!” Wu Meng Chuan’s expression suddenly turned cold as he called out sharply.

Yang Kai also noticed the sound of someone walking in from the entrance of the Bone Prison and did not hesitate anymore. Rushing over to Wu Meng Chuan’s side, he reached out to grab hold of the spike driven through his right hand.

This spike was probably made from Spirit Suppressing Gold since Yang Kai felt all the Qi in his body stop flowing when he grasped it, making it impossible for him to circulate his cultivation.

“Just use your raw strength!” Wu Meng Chuan reminded him.

Yang Kai nodded and the muscles on his arms bulked up before he unleashed the explosive power within them.

With a sharp scraping sound, the spike was pulled out, bringing with it a splash of black blood. This blood was thick and sticky, obviously having been dried out for quite some time, taking on a colour normal blood should not have.

Yang Kai quickly repeated the process on all the spikes driven through Wu Meng Chuan’s limbs.

Once the last spike was pulled out, the old man nailed to the wall fell and collapsed on the ground, seemingly panting, but still releasing wicked cackling laughter from his lips.

He was still wrapped in a chain forged from Spirit Suppressing Gold, one that was extremely strong. Yang Kai tried to pull it apart but quickly discovered that he could not break it so easily. In the end, Yang Kai used his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi to finally gain enough power to wrench apart the chain.

His Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi was from his Body Tempering Secret Art, so it was not affected by the Spirit Suppressing Gold.

Having regained his freedom, Wu Meng Chuan stood up unsteadily, his green eyes flashing as he smiled slowly and with no small amount of madness he shouted, “Zhu Jun Shan, Bian Yu Qing, Miao Qi, Tong Cong! Are you prepared to withstand the anger of this old master?”

Yang Kai’s heart clenched slightly when he heard the four names Wu Meng Chuan mentioned as they were none other than the four Protectors of Blue Feather Sect. Obviously, Wu Meng Chuan had some kind of unforgivable hatred with these four people. It was also likely that Wu Meng Chuan was tortured into his current pitiful state by these four people.

However...

Wu Meng Chuan was barely even alive right now, yet just after regaining his freedom he actually dared to utter such a shameless boast! From Yang Kai’s perspective, his thoughts were a little too unrealistic.

He even regretted not escaping here the first chance he got after he unsealed his cultivation and instead wasted precious time rescuing this old man.

However, it was too late to regret now, so after a quick thought, Yang Kai said, “Senior, our transaction has been completed. Junior has no reason to stay here any longer, so he wishes you luck and will take his leave!”

Saying so, he turned around and prepared to escape.

Wu Meng Chuan gave a low laugh as he gave Yang Kai a sidelong glance and asked, “What’s wrong? Do you think that this old master is not the opponent of those four?”

Yang Kai frowned and said, “It’s not that Junior doesn’t trust Senior, it’s just that in your current state...”

“Hmph!” Wu Meng Chuan snorted before waving his emaciated hand and declaring, “Follow this old master, this old master will let you understand.”

Seeing his calm and confident demeanour stunned Yang Kai for a moment and made him wonder just what this old man was going to do next. However, this old man was clearly not someone who easily gave up on life, so Yang Kai could only restrain his anxiety and follow after him.

Soon, the two arrived at the cells where the many cultivators had been detained.

After seeing Wu Meng Chuan, the cultivators who had just guided Yang Kai before became excited and gathered at the fronts of their cells while staring towards Wu Meng Chuan eagerly.

Wu Meng Chuan stood in the hallway and looked around, a burst of low laughter suddenly escaping from his lips as he slowly lifted his dry hands. The next moment, an inexplicable suction force gushed out from his thin body.

Yang Kai was shocked when this happened as, at this moment, he actually felt his Knowledge Sea become turbulent, as if something was pulling on his very Soul. Not only that, the vitality in his body began to riot and tumble, making him extremely uncomfortable.

His complexion changed drastically as he hurriedly circulated his strength to resist this disturbance, but even so, it was not easy to calm his restlessness.

The cultivators detained in the cells weren’t so lucky, however. After seeing Wu Meng Chuan take this stance, some of them called out in shock as all the expectation and enthusiasm on their faces changed into fear and panic and they hurriedly tried to back away.

However, behind them were only prison walls, so where could they retreat?

Screams rang out and streams of blood-red light began to flow out from all the cells towards Wu Meng Chuan, who opened his mouth and sucked all off it into his stomach.

At a speed visibly to the naked eye, his emaciated body began to fill in, and through his dirty, torn robes, the cracked and dried up skin soon became ruddy while the sparse white hair on his head not only quickly turned black, but also began to fill up.

Wu Meng Chuan’s body seemed to be infused with an unimaginable amount of vitality, causing his current, pitiful appearance to rapidly transform into one surging with life.

Yang Kai could not have been more shocked.

He could clearly see that the blood-red light that was flowing from the cells around him were the vitality essence of these trapped cultivators. At this moment, they were all becoming nutrients to restore Wu Meng Chuan’s strength.

Just what kind of magic was this? How could there be such a Heaven defying technique?

Yang Kai suddenly recalled the Heaven Devouring Battle Law that Wu Meng Chuan had given him before, and although he had yet to gain a comprehensive understanding of this Secret Art, Yang Kai at least vaguely understood its purpose and characteristics. At this moment, Wu Meng Chuan was obviously displaying the Heaven Devouring Battle Law!

Could there be such a profound and evil Secret Art? Was it really possible to forcibly deprive others of their vitality and life essence for one’s own use?

Was this Secret Art so powerful that it could let a half-dead man suddenly regain all his vitality within a few breaths?

[Just what kind of Secret Art is this?] Yang Kai didn’t dare to think about it anymore.

However, at this moment, he also understood that this Heaven-defying Secret Art must come with equally detrimental flaws. This Heaven Devouring Battle Law definitely had drawbacks he had yet to uncover, but at the very least, Wu Meng Chuan’s evil temperament might have been related to it.

As Yang Kai thought about this, Wu Meng Chuan’s aura fluctuations increased at an alarming rate. Going from the Saint Realm to Origin King Realm only took three breaths, after which it quickly grew to the peak of the First-Order Origin King Realm, Second-Order, Third-Order, First-Order Dao Source Realm... Continuing to climb upwards, there seemed to be no limit.

This old man saying he was a master at the Third-Order Dao Source Realm was clearly not just idle boasting.

“Sect Master, mercy! We have remained loyal to you all these years, without any complaints, despite being imprisoned here all this time! Why must you act this way? Sect Master!”

From one of the cells, a cultivator suddenly screamed.

Immediately afterwards, from all directions, cries for mercy came from these cultivators, all of whom addressed Wu Meng Chuan as Sect Master!

“Sect Master?” Yang Kai’s eyes narrowed.

[Which Sect’s Sect Master was Wu Meng Chuan? Could it be the Blue Feather Sect?]

Once this thought emerged, Yang Kai was taken aback.

Instinctively, he denied it, but the more he thought about it, the more possible it seemed.

Because until now, Yang Kai had not even heard the name of Blue Feather Sect’s Sect Master. He had gathered a lot of information about Blue Feather Sect during his first month here and had learned the names of the four Protectors and a number of the more important figures in the Sect, but whenever he mentioned the Sect Master, all his Senior Brothers wore solemn expressions and held their silence.

When he asked Kou Wu once, Kou Wu also reprimanded him and told him to not dig into things he shouldn’t, lest misfortune befall him.

Yang Kai didn’t know exactly what all that was about at the time, but now... he somewhat understood.

This situation was quite interesting actually. The Sect Master of Blue Feather Sect had been imprisoned in the deepest part of the Bone Prison, bound with spikes and chains made of Spirit Suppressing Gold, and tortured in an inhumane manner until he had become an emaciated dying old man. Without help from a very specific type of cultivator, Wu Meng Chuan would likely have never escaped from such imprisonment.

This also explained why he could teach Yang Kai such an effective method for lifting the seals on his cultivation.

If Wu Meng Chuan was really the Sect Master of Blue Feather Sect, he would certainly be familiar with the Secret Techniques his own Sect used.

The begging continued from all the terror-stricken cultivators, who were feeling desperate in their hearts. They had thought that Wu Meng Chuan would release all of his loyal supporters to assist him in his grand revenge after he escaped, but Wu Meng Chuan directly displayed his Heaven Devouring Battle Law to absorb their vitality and deprive them of their strength and essence to heal himself instead.

All their trust and expectations being betrayed, they clearly saw the cruel face of Wu Meng Chuan.

“Indeed, all of you served me faithfully, this old master acknowledges as much. Unfortunately, this old master needs strength right now, and you all swore to follow this old master until death, so... this old master is simply collecting on your promise. What is wrong with that?” Wu Meng Chuan turned a deaf ear to the pleading of his subordinates as he stood there indifferently and urged his Heaven Devouring Battle Law.

After hearing this, Yang Kai felt a chill run up his spine.

If the main support beam was crooked, the entire house would not stand straight. Yang Kai finally understood why the cultivators of Blue Feather Sect had so little unity and constantly engaged in open and covert intrigue. With such a Sect Master, how could the disciples be virtuous?

It could even be said that this old man Wu Meng Chuan was to blame for Blue Feather Sect’s current ethos.

This was not someone to become entangled with! Yang Kai secretly made up his mind to leave the Bone Prison and escape from Blue Feather Sect as quickly as possible, otherwise, with how unstable Wu Meng Chuan was, he would certainly try to kill him one day.

Yang Kai did not want to entrust his safety to others.

“Wu Meng Chuan, you bastard descendant of Heaven Devouring Great Emperor, you are a shame to all Emperors! I curse you, curse you!” Finally, someone couldn’t stand it anymore, and after realizing that begging for mercy was useless and death was inevitable, he began to shout and curse to vent his anger.

This curse contained explosive information that caused Yang Kai to freeze up momentarily.

Heaven Devouring Great Emperor?

Although he had never heard of this Heaven Devouring Great Emperor, he could feel a sense of pressure from these four words alone.

Only when a cultivator reached the Emperor Realm were they qualified to be called an Emperor.

However, ordinary Emperors did not have the qualifications to receive a title, only the very strongest Emperors were given titles. These titles varied, but they most often represented the strongest cultivation technique or Principle that particular Emperor cultivated in their life.

A title represented strength, legacy, and glory that was worthy of shocking history and amazing the present.