Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1975, Burn Everything To Ashes

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The infant Luan Feng had no way to escape under the watchful gazes of so many cultivators, the only question now was who would be able to subdue it.

However, it was clear from everyone’s posture that none of them had any intention to back down, so a quick resolution to this situation was highly unlikely.

Sure enough, the remaining cultivators wrangled and quarrelled on the spot for more than an hour but were still unable to come up with a good solution. The situation was still deadlocked and the atmosphere was gradually becoming tenser, as if a second battle was about to break out.

During the whole process, the infant Luan Feng had been lying on the ground while crying out softly.

Yang Kai, who was still hiding in wait, frowned as he began to grow a bit anxious.

Once these people finished negotiating ownership of the Luan Feng, their next target would most likely be Mo Xiao Qi; after all, she seemed to be worth no less than this infant Luan Feng.

Just as Yang Kai was debating whether to leave, his skin suddenly cramped as a terrifying sense of crisis washed over him.

This made him frown as he did not know what had happened to cause him to feel this way.

Turning his head and looking to the other side, Mo Xiao Qi also seemed to be aware of something and was looking around frantically even now.

Suddenly, the sky darkened, as if a giant cloud had obscured the sun above, casting a massive shadow onto the ground. At the same time, the temperature of the air rose rapidly, causing the lush and green trees of Clear Jade Mountain to begin to wither and burn.

*Li...*

A high-pitched and sharp cry rang out from high above.

Yang Kai was shocked to hear this cry and instinctively looked up, the next going completely stiff.

Up in the sky, an existence almost identical in appearance to the infant Luan Feng was flapping its wings lightly as it approached.

However, this creature was countless times larger than the infant Luan Feng, like a massively enlarged version of it.

As it flew by, even the surrounding sky seemed to be burned as space warped and distorted. It exuded an unimaginable pressure that seemed capable of crushing mountains and caused Yang Kai’s bones to creak despite how far away it still was.

“Luan Feng! A real Ancient Divine Spirit!” Yang Kai exclaimed in shock.

This was a real, mature Luan Feng, a powerful existence that only appeared in legends, a peerless overlord that was on par with true Dragons!

Yang Kai could not help cursing in his heart, as although he had guessed that there must be a mature Luan Feng somewhere since an infant Luan Feng had appeared, he hadn’t thought he would see this mature Luan Feng with his own eyes so quickly! Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The deterrence brought by its huge figure alone almost made Yang Kai unable to move, not to mention the burning black flames it exuded which seemed capable of burning all creation to ashes.

Yang Kai’s eyes shrank violently as he tried to run, but to his shock, he found he was unable to even move his fingers, and could only watch as the Luan Feng flew over his head.

*Li...*

Thirty kilometres away, the baby Luan Feng let out an urgent cry filled with sorrow as it did its best to lift up its weak body, like a lost child that had finally seen its parent and was calling out for help.

Temple Master Luo, Old Jiu, Chen Shi Qi, and all the others were frozen solid in place. When the giant shadow that obscured all light descended on their heads, everyone knew that catastrophe was imminent, and huge beads of sweat fell from their foreheads. Everyone was desperately circulating their strength, wanting only to flee from here quickly.

But under the coercion of an Ancient Divine Spirit, they were no better than children, completely incapable of resisting.

This was true even for the Dao Source Realm masters present. As for the Origin Kings and Origin Returning Realm cultivators, they were even more miserable.

There were even a few weaker Origin Returning Realm cultivators who coughed up blood and died on the spot from the pressure.

The Luan Feng hovering in the air looked down and seeing its child’s tragic situation, its eyes became red as a violent hostility exploded from its body and swept out toward the horizon.

As it hovered mid-air, it opened its giant beak, and its abdomen began to bulge. A moment later, a jet black, World Extinguishing Black Flames swept down like a giant tidal wave.

“No!” Temple Master Luo could only desperately cry out once before he was vaporized by the torrent of black flames.

Wherever the black flame passed, everything ceased to exist. Among the more than two hundred cultivators who were at the scene, none escaped this calamity. All of them were burned to death, body and Soul.

The black flames filled the air and spread out rapidly, to the extent that they could still be seen clearly hundreds of kilometres away. These flames seemed to burn down even Heaven and Earth.

A ten-kilometre wide region was instantly turned into a burning wasteland where nothing grew, and this dead zone was rapidly expanding as the wall of black flames continued to spread.

Thirty kilometres away, Yang Kai was absolutely horrified, and seeing the black flames crashing towards him like a tsunami, he did not dare to hesitate, pushing his Golden Divine Dragon Source power madly to resist the coercion of the Luan Feng and restore a bit of his freedom.

The next instant, he summoned his Sealed World Bead directly and hid inside of it.

The moment Yang Kai disappeared; the black flames washed over his hiding place. If he had been even an instant slower, he would have followed in the footsteps of Temple Master Luo and the others.

“Oh no!” Just after he hid inside the Sealed World Bead, Yang Kai suddenly remembered Mo Xiao Qi.

Although Mo Xiao Qi possessed many powerful artifacts, in front of the World Extinguishing Black Flames of an Ancient Divine Spirit, those artifacts were undoubtedly useless. Yang Kai had acted purely on instinct just now and did not have any time to think about Mo Xiao Qi.

Thinking back now, even if he had tried to rescue her, Yang Kai knew he would have been too late.

Yang Kai could not help but feel a little depressed.

Although he did not have any real friendship with Mo Xiao Qi, this simple and silly girl did not deserve to be burnt to ashes by those black flames, causing Yang Kai to feel a little guilty.

[Hopefully, the Heavens show mercy and allow her to survive!]

Yang Kai thought to himself, despite knowing the possibility was remote.

Clear Jade Mountain burned as black flames covered a hundred-kilometre radius where not a single plant and animal remained.

Only after her flames ceased to spread did the Luan Feng, who was still floating in the sky, flicker and suddenly assume the form of a young woman with a noble temperament, her hair tied up in a neat bun, and luxurious robes adorning her exquisite figure.

Her beautiful eyes did not carry the slightest emotion as only icy murderous intent filled them.

Only when her gaze landed on the baby Luan Feng on the ground did her expression reveal a hint of tenderness.

Then the infant Luan Feng also transformed at this moment, turning into a young child that looked no older than four.

The young woman lifted her hand and an invisible force gently wrapped up the child and lifted her up.

The young woman glared at the child fiercely, seemingly blaming her for causing trouble, but the young child only grinned happily and snuck into the young woman’s arms, assuming a comfortable position before closing her eyes and falling asleep.

The young woman sighed helplessly as she embraced her child with one hand before flying off at an incredible speed. Before she left though, she cast her sharp eyes towards the spot where Yang Kai had previously been standing for a moment, her delicate brow furrowing as a trace of confusion flashed across her face.

.....

Ten days later, Yang Kai quietly left the Sealed World Bead.

As soon as he appeared, he felt an unbearable heat all around him, one that seemed so invasive it even burned his Soul.

Yang Kai was shocked and quickly flew up.

Looking down from above, he was both terrified and awed by what he saw.

At this moment, with the battlefield of Clear Jade Mountain as its centre, black flames spread in all directions for several hundred kilometres. Although ten days had passed, there was still no sign of these flames being extinguished, especially the ten-kilometre region at the centre where it seemed nothing existed except for the raging World Extinguishing Black Flames. Likely, it would be hundreds, if not thousands of years before anything could grow here again.

There were naturally no corpses on the ground as the black flames had not even left behind any ashes from their bodies.

Glancing over at the place where Mo Xiao Qi had been hiding before, Yang Kai’s face turned gloomy.

The black flames were present there too, burning fiercely with no sign of Mo Xiao Qi at all.

[That girl... likely suffered disaster,] Yang Kai thought to himself.

At that time, if there was a chance, he definitely wouldn’t have just left her to die, but because he wasn’t anywhere close to Mo Xiao Qi, and a single moment of hesitation was the difference between life or death, he was simply unable to do anything.

[Was this fate?] If he had not been so concerned about touching Mo Xiao Qi and being attacked by her defensive artifacts, Yang Kai wouldn’t have separated from her so far. If she was by his side at that time, Yang Kai could have taken her into the Sealed World Bead with him.

Shaking his head, Yang Kai turned to leave.

However, at that moment, he suddenly noticed something and turned his gaze in a certain direction.

There seemed to be something left over there.

In front of the Luan Feng’s World Extinguishing Black Flames, anything that could survive was bound to be a rare treasure. Smiling happily, Yang Kai flew over in a hurry.

After getting close, Yang Kai was able to see the true nature of this object.

It was actually a feather, a meter long glowing red feather that was just lying quietly on the ground.

[A Luan Feng feather?] Yang Kai raised his brows and hurriedly stepped forward.

He did not dare to stretch out his hand to take it rashly, but instead used one of his Golden Blood Threads to wrap around it.

Unexpectedly, this Luan Feng feather was not hot at all. Through his Golden Blood Thread, Yang Kai could feel that this feather did not pose any threat to him on its own, as if it was just an ordinary decorative item, but if one carefully examined it, they would be able to tell that a terrifying power was contained within it.

[What an amazing treasure!]

If this Divine Spirit feather was handed over to an excellent Artifact Refiner, they would definitely be able to produce an extremely powerful artifact, even refining an Emperor Artifact was possible! After all, this was clearly a peak level Artifact Refining material.

Yang Kai examined it for a while before happily storing it away.

This trip to Clear Jade Mountain was not without gains. He had obtained the Ice Attribute dual swords from Mo Xiao Qi and picked up a Luan Feng’s feather. Compared with the amount of time and effort he had to exert, this was already an extremely rich harvest.

It was just a pity about Mo Xiao Qi...

Yang Kai sighed lightly before adjusting his mood and flying off.

His destination was Maplewood City!

When he first came to the Star Boundary, he was caught by Kou Wu and forced to join Blue Feather Sect, not having any time to appreciate the many wonderful sights and scenes of the Star Boundary, so Yang Kai was very much looking forward to arriving at the nearby Maplewood City.

He was just a Third-Order Origin King, and the power in his body had yet to be completely transformed into Source Qi, so he did not even have the qualifications to break through to the Dao Source Realm. Right now, his top priority was to find a way to finish this transformation.