Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1982, Nine Heavens Profound Pill Method

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“How is that possible? Old Ghost Kang actually brought out more than thirty bottles of Source Condensing Pills? Are you sure?” Inside Pill Pavilion, Zhuo Ning Si’s pretty face was extremely gloomy as she stared at the First-Order Origin King in front of her and questioned.

The short and chubby cultivator nodded hurriedly, “Subordinate is certain! Those thirty bottles of Spirit Pills were indeed all Source Condensing Pills. Once they were taken out, they were snatched up by all the customers rapidly. Subordinate was only able to obtain three pills after exerting all his effort before returning as promptly as possible.”

Saying so, he respectfully took out a jade bottle containing three Spirit Pills and presented it to Zhuo Ning Si.

Because the Source Condensing Pills of Spirit Pill Plaza were so popular, Kang Si Ran had stipulated that all customers could only buy three of them at once.

Three Source Condensing Pills were enough for one Origin King Realm cultivator to use between ten days to half a month. Once a cultivator had used up their supply, they would need to return to Spirit Pill Plaza to purchase more Source Condensing Pills.

This selling method was also an important reason why Spirit Pill Plaza’s Source Condensing Pills were so popular.

Because of the tight supply of Source Condensing Pill, this kind of Spirit Pill also appeared on the black market of Maplewood City frequently, and although the price was often more than twenty percent higher there, they were still snatched up immediately.

Many Origin Kings did not care about the extra twenty percent charge as they were more concerned about converting their Saint Qi to Source Qi as soon as possible.

“They’re really Source Condensing Pills?” Zhuo Ning Si poured out the three Spirit Pills and furrowed her brow even further.

“Shopkeeper, were these Spirit Pills refined by that man named Yang Kai?” The chunky cultivator asked.

Zhuo Ning Si snorted coldly, “Do you think he is capable of refining so many Spirit Pills in just ten days? What kind of Alchemy Grandmaster do you think he is? Even an average Dao Source Grade Alchemist would not have such ability!”

“It is as the shopkeeper says, this subordinate was mistaken,” The short and fat cultivator thought about it and quickly agreed. Although he was not an Alchemist himself, he still knew about how Spirit Pills were refined and how many pills would come out per furnace, as well as how many pills one Alchemist could refine in such a limited time.

Even if there was technically enough time to refine more than three hundred Spirit Pills in ten days, doing so would be impossible because of the consumption of strength required.

“It seems Old Ghost Kang still had some hidden inventory,” Zhuo Ning Si muttered thoughtfully, “That old dog is really not easy to deal with.”

“What shall we do then? Subordinate has heard that Violet Source Chamber of Commerce has already dispatched two Alchemists to Maplewood City, and they will arrive within two months. If we cannot force Spirit Pill Plaza to close down within that time, we will lose this chance.”

Zhuo Ning Si heard these words and gently nodded, a cold murderous intent flashing across her pair of beautiful eyes.

When this murderous intent bloomed, the chubby cultivator couldn’t help shuddering slightly.

“Go keep watch over Spirit Pill Plaza, if there are any disturbances, report to me immediately,” Zhuo Ning Si waved her hand.

“Yes.”

After the fat cultivator left, Zhuo Ning Si picked up one of the Source Condensing Pills again with a puzzled expression. Sniffing and observing it carefully for a time, she could not help whispering, “Strange, this pill doesn’t look like it has been stored for a long time; rather, it looks freshly refined...”

She had noticed this almost immediately; after all, although Zhuo Ning Si was not an Alchemist, she dealt with Spirit Pills all year round.

The three Spirit Pills had a radiant lustre to them and bright, pure colours, indicating their quality was quite high. What concerned Zhuo Ning Si the most, though, was that these Spirit Pills seemed to have been refined recently. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

[Could these really be from that Alchemist named Yang Kai?]

As soon as she had this thought though, Zhuo Ning Si rejected it.

No matter what, she did not dare to believe that one person could refine so many Spirit Pills in such a short period of time. She would rather believe that these were hidden away by Old Ghost Kang some time ago in preparation for an emergency and just now taken out.

After pondering for a moment, she stretched out her slender jade fingers and tossed one of the Spirit Pills into her mouth, swallowing it down before beginning to refine the medicinal efficacies.

She had reached the pinnacle of the Origin King Realm, and all of her Saint Qi had been transformed into Source Qi already, so she didn’t need the assistance of Source Condensing Pills anymore. She only did this to test the medicinal efficacies of these Spirit Pill.

Initially, Zhuo Ning Si’s expression was completely normal, but as time passed and the medicinal efficacies surged through her body, her face changed slightly. Opening her beautiful eyes, she called out in alarm, “This is...”

She discovered that the medicinal power contained in this Source Condensing Pill was actually stronger than the Source Condensing Pills previously sold by Spirit Pill Plaza.

Although this increase was quite subtle, hardly noticeable, it was nonetheless there.

“Did Old Ghost Kang ask some Grandmaster to improve the pill recipe?” Zhuo Ning Si suddenly thought of a possibility.

The Source Condensing Pill recipe that Spirit Pill Plaza used was something Zhuo Ning Si was extremely envious of and also the main reason she had not hesitated to poach the three Alchemists from her opponent.

Those three Alchemists, for various reasons, refused to leak the pill recipes they used back in Spirit Pill Plaza, but there was no problem with them using it themselves. As long as Zhou Ning Si was able to poach them for her Pill Pavilion, the Source Condensing Pills she sold would be the same as the ones sold by Spirit Pill Plaza at worst. At that point, the only advantage Spirit Pill Plaza had would evaporate and suppressing them would be even easier.

As such, today’s discovery angered Zhuo Ning Si greatly.

Old Ghost Kang was simply too cunning. He must have known about her plan long ago and decided to change the pill recipe again, increasing the efficacy of Spirit Pill Plaza’s Source Condensing Pills once more.

This way, Spirit Pill Plaza would still occupy an advantage in terms of medicinal efficacies.

Zhuo Ning Si’s breathing became hurried as she fumed internally. With things as they are, what point was there in her spending so much effort to poach those three Alchemists?

“Old Ghost Kang, just you wait! In a few days, the Star Envoy of the Star Soul Palace will arrive in Maplewood City. Let us see how you fight against this Mistress then!” Zhuo Ning Si muttered to herself.

At the same time, inside Spirit Pill Plaza’s underground Alchemy Room.

Yang Kai was sitting cross-legged as he reviewed the Alchemy he had performed over the past few days, analysing his results and mistakes.

After refining so many furnaces of Source Condensing Pills, he had naturally obtained some benefits other than the hundred Source Condensing Pills he had pocketed. His perceptions and insights into the Alchemic Dao had also increased somewhat.

A few years ago, he had triggered the Grand Alchemic Dao Tone on Water Moon Star, and since then he had a unique advantage over others when it came to the Alchemic Dao. That time, the Grand Alchemic Dao Tone had given him a significant boost in terms of his fundamental Alchemy talent.

If he was being blunt, his current Alchemy aptitude was not inferior to the Sacred Spirit Medicine Body of Xia Ning Chang, even superior in some respects.

It was for this reason that he was able to so easily use the new pill recipes he just received and even refine better Spirit Pills than normal.

Zhuo Ning Si had guessed wrong. The Source Condensing Pill recipe of Spirit Pill Plaza had not changed; what was different was that when Yang Kai refined pills, the medicinal liquid he condensed was far purer, so the end products had slightly better efficacy.

And this was only the beginning. Yang Kai believed that as he refined more Spirit Pills, the quality of pill he could produce would only continue to increase.

Kang Si Ran had delivered Yang Kai another hundred sets of Source Condensing Pill materials but had also insisted that Yang Kai take a few more days to rest before refining any more.

He was far more concerned about Yang Kai’s physical condition than Yang Kai was himself!

Now, inside Spirit Pill Plaza, Yang Kai was the only available Alchemist, but he was as good as the three previous Alchemists combined, so how could Kang Si Ran possibly show any neglect? After taking the three hundred or so Source Condensing Pills that day, Kang Si Ran’s attitude towards Yang Kai became even friendlier and more respectful, to the point where he was willing to accept any request Yang Kai made.

Having said that, Yang Kai did not really seem to have any special requests.

Right now, Yang Kai was digesting the Alchemy insights he gained over the past few days while using Source Condensing Pills to transform his own body’s power.

A few days passed in a hurry before Yang Kai once again began refining pills.

A hundred sets of materials were divided up and prepared as Yang Kai sat solemnly in front of his Purple Origin Furnace. Conflagrated Spiritual Energy burst from his Knowledge Sea to heat the furnace as he placed the various herbs into it, using his powerful Divine Sense to burn away the impurities while condensing medicinal liquid. Simultaneously, he portrayed one auxiliary Spirit Array after another to enhance the refinement process.

Yang Kai’s movements were light, fluid, and extremely skilful, without the slightest stiffness, while his mastery of heat would make even an Emperor Grade Alchemist nod in approval.

The improvement of his innate talent had made Alchemy even easier for Yang Kai.

Refining pills was now akin to eating and drinking, a near instinctual task to him. He clearly knew when to portray what kind of Spirit Array, which kind of Spirit Array would work best, and what level of heat various herbs should be subjected to in order to best refine them.

When Alchemy became natural, failure became something that required conscious effort.

Supplemented by his powerful Conflagrated Knowledge Sea, a natural advantage all Alchemists dreamed of, Yang Kai had already walked far ahead of many masters on the Alchemic Dao.

All of this was despite him not putting much time and effort into this profession.

The Dao was a long and dark road, one that was all but impossible to see far ahead on, and only a few lucky individuals could traverse smoothly.

Yang Kai was one of these lucky few.

As pill fragrance began to diffuse, Yang Kai’s expression became more focused, not taking any refinement lightly because of his own skill, instead taking things even more seriously.

Inside the Purple Origin Furnace, various medicinal liquids blended together and underwent a magical transformation under the manipulations of various Spirit Arrays and Yang Kai’s Conflagrated Spiritual Energy.

When the pill fragrance reached a certain concentration, Yang Kai’s hands suddenly moved.

Forming a series of mysterious seals with both his hands, he sent a subtle but profound stream of light into the Purple Origin Furnace, one that swiftly formed a strange pattern before disappearing.

An ancient and desolate aura suddenly permeated the air, one that did not seem to belong to the current era and was clearly evoked by Yang Kai’s movements

However, despite this, the method Yang Kai was using seemed to perfectly coincide with the Alchemic Dao and contained an infinite mystery.

While using this technique, Yang Kai’s Qi and Spiritual Energy flooded out in a great torrent and were consumed rapidly.

Nine Heavens Profound Pill Method!

This was an extremely profound Pill Condensing Technique, an Art which had no use in cultivation but was extremely important for Alchemists when they were condensing pills.

There were countless ways and methods to condense pills in this world, and each one had its own advantages. Grandmaster Zuo De, who had competed with Yang Kai in Water Sky City once, used his own Red Lotus Divine Hands Method to condense pills, a method which many Alchemists from Yang Kai’s native Star Field drooled over.

In the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture, there was also an extremely advanced Pill Condensing method that Yang Kai had once studied.

However, this Nine Heavens Profound Pill Method was not from the True Alchemy Enlightenment Scripture, but rather came directly from the Grand Alchemic Dao Tone.