Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2004, Giant Ore

Previously, Yang Kai had felt that these two had been hiding something from him.

After all, this cave where the Iron Arm Spirit Apes lived was dark, humid, and smelt terrible, yet the two of them had actually chosen to stay here to meditate after acquiring the Golden Crystal Grass. Obviously, they had other intentions.

If it were not for there being significant benefits to doing so, how could they have chosen to remain in such an environment?

So, Yang Kai pretended to leave, but had gone into hiding nearby to quietly investigate.

As soon as he felt signs of the two people using their strength, he affirmed his judgment.

However, in this situation, Yang Kai felt somewhat awkward simply appearing and killing them; after all, although the pair surnamed Zhao and Sun had concealed something from him, they also had not acted against him. If anyone was to blame, it was him for being ignorant and uninformed.

[Seems like... after this time, I have to study up on the various materials and herbs of the Star Boundary, otherwise, I’ll continue to suffer similar losses in the future.]

Yang Kai did not know what was buried underground that was worth Zhao and Sun digging up, but since it wasn’t convenient for him to appear directly, he simply chose to continue to hide.

The movement inside the cave continued for some time and soon a large hole was dug up. However, the pair surnamed Zhao and Sun just continued to dig and dig without pause.

After a full half a day, at the mouth of the cave, the pair surnamed Zhao and Sun walked out one after another, their expressions filled with frowns and frustration rather than happiness.

“Such bad luck, wasting a whole half a day like that,” The man surnamed Zhao grumbled.

“En, who would have thought that things would turn out like this. If I had only known before, I would have just left directly,” The man surnamed Sun also sighed.

“Forget it, there’s nothing we can do about it anyway, let’s just hurry up to find the entrance to the second layer. We don’t know when this Five Coloured Treasure Pagoda is going to close, so we have to hurry to obtain more benefits, especially those Dao Source Fruits!”

After exchanging a few words, the pair showed no intention of idling and summoned their flight type artifacts and flew off.

A short time later, Yang Kai’s figure appeared mysteriously, and a thoughtful expression appeared on his face as he stared in the direction the two had left.

Judging from the previous conversation between the two, it seemed they have failed to obtain any benefits from the cave. If that wasn’t the case, they wouldn’t have seemed so annoyed. However, the two clearly had expected something but seemed to have obtained nothing.

This puzzled Yang Kai greatly.

With a flicker, he returned to the cave again and when he arrived at its deepest point, he laid eyes on a giant hole where the stone pier once stood.

Yang Kai didn’t hesitate to jump in.

Not long after, he landed at the bottom of the pit and after a sweep with his Divine Sense, he immediately understood the situation. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The efficiency of the two surnamed Zhao and Sun was commendable, as could be expected of two Third-Order Origin Kings. In just half a day, they had actually dug out a pit almost five hundred metres across and a few hundred metres deep.

There were no signs of this hole collapsing either.

Yang Kai looked around and couldn’t help admiring the pair’s methods.

However, inside this pit, there was only a single, giant ore!

Yang Kai did not recognize this ore which had a light green hue to it that made it look like it was covered in moss.

The edges of this ore had been excavated out so Yang Kai could clearly see its irregular shape, but in terms of size, it was at least as big as ten houses.

In front of Yang Kai, there were also some traces of this ore being attacked.

There were many marks and scratches a few inches deep on the surface of this ore that were clearly freshly made.

These marks were obviously left behind by the pair surnamed Zhao and Sun just now.

Yang Kai suddenly understood why those two had shown such annoyed expressions when they left the cave.

It turned out that underground, there were indeed benefits to be had, but... the two of them were unable to take this ore away with them and could only sigh in frustration!

Such a large piece of ore was not something an ordinary Space Ring could accommodate. Obviously, the pair surnamed Zhao and Sun knew this and wanted to try to break off pieces of this ore to take away, the scratches left here being the best evidence of their thinking.

Unfortunately for them, this ore seemed to be extremely hard, and even with their strength, they were unable to break it into pieces. In the end, the pair could only give up to avoid wasting more time.

Yang Kai, however, just stared at this ore with bright eyes and smiled happily.

His Space Ring was no different from others, and naturally could not hold such a big piece of ore, but he also had his Sealed World Bead!

Many years ago, he had managed to stuff his thousand-metre tall Embodiment directly into the Sealed World Bead, so retrieving this piece of ore would be no issue.

In any case, it was much smaller than his Embodiment from that time.

Since this ore had appeared in the first layer of the Five Coloured Treasure Pagoda, it was definitely not Emperor Grade. Yang Kai estimated it was some kind of Dao Source or Origin King Grade mineral.

Even so, being this large had to make it quite valuable.

The Embodiment now cultivated the Heaven Devouring Battle Law and needed to swallow a massive amount of material to strengthen itself. This giant ore would be a good resource for this process.

Considering all this, he no longer hesitated, sat down cross-legged, and began wantonly spreading out his Divine Sense, trying to envelop the entire ore with it.

Soon after, Yang Kai let out a low roar as his Divine Sense erupted at full strength.

The next moment, the huge ore in front of him disappeared and reappeared inside his Sealed World Bead.

After completing this, Yang Kai couldn’t help shaking somewhat as his face turned pale and a sharp pain pierced through his head.

Yang Kai did not panic, though, and just quickly took out a Spirit Pill used to restore Spiritual Energy and stuffed it into his mouth.

Time passed slowly, and after another half a day passed, Yang Kai let out a long breath and opened his eyes.

His Spiritual Energy had been mostly restored now. Fortunately, with the help of his Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus, Yang Kai’s Spiritual Energy recovered several dozen times faster than ordinary cultivators. If this weren’t the case, with his current realm and his previous effort, it would have taken him at least ten days to recover.

Scanning the Sealed World Bead with his Divine Sense, Yang Kai found that the huge ore had already been moved to where his Embodiment was.

At this moment, his Embodiment was also a little different than before.

Although it was still a giant as high as a mountain, it was undoubtedly much smaller than the last time Yang Kai saw it. What’s more, around his Embodiment was a ten-metre thick pile of impurities scattered around.

As Yang Kai waited and watched for a while, he saw more and more gravel falling from his Embodiment, making for quite the spectacular sight.

Yang Kai was very satisfied. According to this speed, in as short as half a year or as long as a year, his Embodiment would be able to provide him with assistance again, and not simply need to remain on the sidelines due to its extreme size.

Retracting his Divine Sense, Yang Kai jumped out of the pit, walked out of the cave, picked a direction, and flew off.

...

Seven days later, Yang Kai frowned as he stared at a mountain range in front of him with a somewhat anxious look on his face.

He had been searching for the entrance to the second layer all this time but had not found any trace of it so far.

What Qin Yu said that day to him still rang in his ears, and Yang Kai did not believe she had been deceiving him, so he had followed her instructions and searched through all the mountains he came across.

Yang Kai had scoured several locations already but so far found nothing.

He also didn’t know if the mountain range ahead was the target he was looking for.

Regardless, he had to take a look to know.

With a flicker, Yang Kai’s figure moved forward.

After a short while, Yang Kai landed at the base of a certain mount, looked around, and flashed a happy smile.

Because this place, surrounded by mountains and covered in mist, actually fit the first part of Qin Yu’s description perfectly.

Just as he secretly felt that he was on the right track, a small black shadow suddenly shot out from nearby. Yang Kai instinctively stretched out his hand and palmed towards this approaching shadow.

The black shadow’s reaction was extremely fast, though, and the moment it was attacked, it turned straight up to dodge this blow before falling back down at an equally quick speed while letting out a stream of squeaks.

Its tone was that of a one who had been wronged.

Yang Kai froze on the spot upon hearing these cries and stared at the black shadow which had suddenly pounced on him.

It wasn’t until now that he was able to clearly see that this dark shadow was actually a palm-sized Monster Beast which looked like a bat. Flapping its wings quickly, it seemed to be quite nimble, and judging from its reaction just now, its speed was nothing to scoff at.

At that moment, this bat-like Monster Beast flew up to Yang Kai and circled him a few times while using its small eyes to seemingly evaluate him.

Yang Kai was quite surprised by all of this.

Before he could figure out what this Monster Beast wanted to do though, he heard a series of squeaks coming from it as it opened its mouth and spat out a jade slip towards him.

“For me?” Yang Kai frowned as he guessed the little beast’s intentions.

The little beast squeaked again, seemingly responding to Yang Kai before it flew up to him and let the jade slip fall from its jaw.

Yang Kai caught the jade slip and poured his Divine Sense into it. A moment later he let out a chuckle as he muttered, “So you were sent here by Xiao Qi...”

It was only now that he understood that this little beast in front of him was a Heaven Escaping Bat raised by Mo Xiao Qi, and that she had left it here to help guide him.

Yang Kai could not help feeling some warmth in his heart.

It seemed... he had not found the wrong place, and that Mo Xiao Qi had entered the second layer much earlier than him, which amazed Yang Kai quite a bit.

“Lead the way then,” Yang Kai put the jade slip away and smiled at the little bat.

The Heaven Escaping Bat seemed to be able to understand people, so after hearing this, it immediately turned and flew off in a certain direction.

At that moment though, a loud shout suddenly came from the distance, “Friend, wait!”

As this voice called out, the sound of clothes swishing drift over on the wind.

Yang Kai’s face sank. Just now, all his attention had been fixed on the actions of the small bat and he had failed to notice someone approaching him until he heard this voice.

After sweeping the surrounding with his Divine Sense, Yang Kai realized that there were actually six cultivators nearby, all of them Origin Kings.