Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2006, Heavy Earth

The Star Boundary was incredibly vast, and the number of strange places that existed was beyond countable.

Not just in the Star Boundary though, natural gravity fields existed even in the Star Field.

In certain places, the gravity was several times, even tens of times greater than ordinary and they could often catch people off guard and cause them to suffer big losses.

But the natural gravity field here was even more terrifying than that. Even with Yang Kai’s Third-Order Origin King cultivation, he was immobilized, so one could imagine how strong the gravity here was.

The gravity here was definitely thousands of times higher than ordinary.

Natural gravity fields were extremely rare, and the conditions for their formation were quite stringent, so although Yang Kai had encountered some before, he was able to break free of them with just a little effort, but here...

His face gradually became dignified as he constantly pushed his strength, but he could only lift his arms slowly at best, so wanting to fly was absolutely impossible.

Looking up, Yang Kai could not even see the sky, it was so far away. So, if he couldn’t fly up, it would be impossible to escape from here.

Looking around again, Yang Kai’s eyes narrowed slightly.

This gorge was not very big, only a few thousand metres long, but its entire floor was actually covered in white bones, some from Monster Beasts while others were human in shape. Most of these bones had already crumbled and scattered about while only a handful of them barely maintained their original shape.

There was even a fresh corpse nearby, one that had apparently died not long ago, the blood still not even completely dry and the hashed meat and internal organs splattered out in a terrible display.

This person was obviously a Maplewood City cultivator who entered the Five Coloured Treasure Pagoda this time, and just like Yang Kai, when flying over this gorge, had been pulled down into it, but unlike Yang Kai who had a means of survival, this man had simply fallen to his death.

Before this person died, he must have been extremely unwilling...

Yang Kai silently offered tribute to this man; after all, who could have thought that after cultivating to the Origin King Realm, they would actually die by falling to the ground one day? If word of this kind of death was spread around, most people wouldn’t be able to stop laughing at it.

But how could there be such terrifying gravity here? Yang Kai was quite puzzled. He had encountered natural gravity fields before, but none could compare with this place.

Yang Kai was eventually forced to use his Five Element Indestructible Sword Qi and display his Dragon Transformation Secret Technique in order to slowly walk around at the speed of a turtle.

After a half cup of tea’s time, though, Yang Kai dispersed his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art and Dragon Transformation Secret Technique before sitting down and panting heavily.

Maintaining these two Secret Techniques for extended periods of time would consume a lot of his strength, but the progress it brought was minimal, making the gains not worth the loss, so Yang Kai simply gave up wasting his power.

[I won’t be trapped in this damned place forever, will I?] A sad thought emerged in Yang Kai’s heart.

Soon after though, he frowned as a look of surprise filled his face.

“That’s not right, the aura here...”

He suddenly discovered that the World Energy in this place was actually extremely rich.

Regarding the Star Boundary, Yang Kai did not know how rich the World Energy could be in the best cultivation paradises; after all, he hadn’t been here for very long and had never visited the headquarters of any big Sect.

However, the World Energy at the bottom of this gorge was completely incomparable to the headquarters of Blue Feather Sect and the secluded home he had rented in Maplewood City.

The richness of World Energy here was beyond anything Yang Kai had imagined possible.

Even just sitting there, without moving, the surrounding aura would sink into his body spontaneously, and in short order, the strength Yang Kai had consumed before was restored once again.

[This is incredibly strange!] Since Yang Kai entered the Five Coloured Treasure Pagoda, he found that the ambient World Energy was extremely thin everywhere he went. This was the case for both the first layer and second layer, yet now, in this strange gorge, the World Energy was simply rich beyond imagination, an oddity that was difficult to ignore.

Moreover, because of the terrifying natural gravity field here, all the World Energy seemed to be concentrated in the metre or so above the ground, unable to spread out.

This created a spectacle where at the bottom of this gorge, a dense mist covered the ground, with signs of Spirit Qi Wisps floating about within it.

Yang Kai had previously been absorbed in the crisis he was facing and had not had much time to pay attention to other things, so it was only now that he realized this shocking reality after a careful observation of his surroundings.

[Down here... Is there some kind of treasure?]

A thought emerged in Yang Kai’s mind as this was the only explanation he could think of to explain this phenomenon.

Considering this, Yang Kai could not help getting a little excited.

Bracing himself, he struggled to his feet then stretched out his palm, summoning several dozen Golden Blood Threads and moulding them into a drill-like shape.

With a shout, Yang Kai started the Golden Blood Thread drill spinning and struck towards the ground.

The next moment, a loud bang resounded.

Golden light exploded...

The several dozen Golden Blood Threads collapsed, revealing their original form as they could not maintain their transformed drill shape. At the same time, sparks flew out from the spot on the ground which had just been struck.

A moment later, Yang Kai looked down at the rice-grain-sized pit he had made and exclaimed in shock, “So hard?”

He confirmed at that moment that there was some kind of extraordinary treasure down here.

Because the dirt beneath his feet was clearly just ordinary dirt; however, for some reason, something was hardening it so much that even his Golden Blood Threads could not cause it much damage. A full-powered blow was only able to chip away an insignificant speck and in the blink of an eye, this pit had already disappeared.

The ground had restored itself and become level again!

Whatever inexplicable force was at work here actually had the ability to repair this terrain!

Yang Kai’s eyes flashed brilliantly, but he was also quite helpless.

Because if he couldn’t dig up the ground here, there was no way for him to take away whatever treasure was hidden underground. But if he couldn’t take away the treasure underground, he couldn’t dig up this ground...

This was an endless loop, like trying to figure out which came first, the chicken or the egg.

[If only Xiao Xiao was here!] Yang Kai suddenly missed Xiao Xiao’s innate talent of being able to devour any kind of ore to strengthen his body, and more importantly in this case, his ability to travel through the earth like it was air.

If Xiao Xiao hadn’t been separated from him, Yang Kai would be able to use his power at this moment to extract whatever treasure was underground.

Unfortunately... Yang Kai didn’t even know where Xiao Xiao was now.

As for his Embodiment, which was inside the Sealed World Bead, although it could also be regarded as a member of the Stone Puppet Race... its size was far too great, and it was still in the process of expelling the impurities from its body. Yang Kai was fairly certain that it would be unable to burrow through the earth freely in its current condition!

Just as he was wallowing in disappointment, Yang Kai’s expression suddenly brightened as he thought of something.

He immediately took out the Sealed World Bead and swept its interior with his Divine Sense to find the Heaven Escaping Bat.

Since this little bat was one of the rare Heaven Escaping Bats, it should have no trouble using an Earth Escape technique, and if it could...

This little fellow was a Tenth-Order Monster Beast, so even if its sentience hadn’t quite reached the level of a human cultivator, it wasn’t a mindless creature and it could even have some simple communication with Yang Kai.

A moment later, Yang Kai carefully lifted up the Sealed World Bead.

A light flashed, and the little bat suddenly appeared beside Yang Kai.

Yang Kai’s expression turned solemn as he kept his Divine Sense firmly wrapped around the little bat. Once he noticed the slightest problem, he would immediately take it back into the Sealed World Bead; after all, the pressure in this place was simply too terrifying, and it was not clear whether this little Tenth-Order Monster Beast could withstand it. If something were to happen, there was no way he would be able to explain to Mo Xiao Qi.

Fortunately, the situation was not too bad. The little bat showed a strained expression on its face after it appeared, its body seemingly sinking as its bones creaked, and its small eyes turning somewhat bloodshot.

However, it soon began to adapt and let out a couple of squeaks towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai was overjoyed to hear this and quickly said, “Then it’s up to you. If you think something is wrong, come up immediately, don’t force yourself!”

The little beast squeaked again before immediately turning and diving into the ground like it was jumping into a pool of water.

However, its speed was not fast by any means, taking a full breath before its figure finally sank into the ground.

Yang Kai stood in place anxiously, constantly trying to use his Divine Sense to track the little bat, but it was useless in the end. As soon as his Divine Sense left his Knowledge Sea, it would begin to warp under the extreme gravity and was unable to accurately scan what was happening underground.

Soon, a cup of tea worth of time passed...

Then a stick of incense worth of time...

Then an hour passed...

Yang Kai’s expression gradually became ugly.

Just when he thought that the little bat had suffered misfortune, a small head suddenly appeared at his feet and while letting out an extremely laboured squeak, it tried to lift itself up out of the earth.

Yang Kai was overjoyed and hurriedly responded.

Urgently pushing his Divine Sense, he tried to envelop the little bat and bear most of the pressure for it.

After the little beast’s body was completely exposed, Yang Kai stretched out his hand and grabbed it before his figure flickered and one human and one bat disappeared into the Sealed World Bead.

Somewhere in the Sealed World Bead, Yang Kai sat cross-legged on the ground while the little bat lay down on his knees, panting as if it had experienced a great battle and was now thoroughly exhausted.

“You’ve worked hard,” Yang Kai combed its fur lightly and said comfortingly.

The Heaven Escaping Bat raised its eyes towards him lightly and stared at him weakly for a moment.

After a while, it managed to get up, open its small mouth, and put out a pigeon-egg-sized, yellowish-brown object.

Yang Kai stretched out his hand to catch this object, but deceived by its size and appearance, he almost tripped during his attempt to hold it as this tiny thing actually seemed to weigh ten thousand kilograms or more.

In shock, he quickly circulated his strength to stabilize his figure and somehow managed to not embarrass himself.

The little bat squeaked happily, seemingly taking pleasure in his misfortune. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Yang Kai did not care about its teasing and stared solemnly at this yellowish-brown object instead, his brow furrowing and relaxing a few times before he finally called out in alarm, “Heavy Earth!?”

What this Heaven Escaping Bat had brought back from below ground was actually a piece of Heavy Earth!