Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2007, Earth Vein Crystal

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Heavy Earth and Weak Water were both first-class treasures that shared the characteristic of being extraordinarily heavy among other varied traits. Ordinary cultivators, and even true masters, would rarely encounter these exotic treasures.

Mo Xiao Qi’s Weak Water Bead, which seemed to be refined from Weak Water, was even able to allow her to restrain an infant Luan Feng back in Clear Jade Mountain.

The Luan Feng was a true Ancient Divine Spirit, and even a baby was not a creature to be provoked easily. The death of so many people in Clear Jade Mountain that day was the best proof. After being imprisoned by the Weak Water Bead, that baby Luan Feng wasn’t able to break free though, so it was obvious just how powerful it was.

Mo Xiao Qi’s background was enormous so it wasn’t too surprising she possessed an artifact like that Weak Water Bead.

Heavy Earth was a treasure on par with Weak Water.

To a certain extent, it was even rarer and more precious than Weak Water.

Because Heavy Earth was not only extremely dense and able to create natural gravity fields wherever it formed, which created an excellent cultivation ground for certain cultivators, but could also be refined into various different types of artifacts. With the addition of just a small portion of Heavy Earth, an artifact’s weight could be dramatically increased, and its sturdiness would be enhanced greatly.

Moreover, if used to refine an Alchemy or Artifact Refining Furnace, Heavy Earth could increase the chance of successful Alchemy or Artifact Refining.

As such, Alchemists and Artifact Refiners would kill to obtain Heavy Earth.

Perhaps most importantly though, because Heavy Earth was extraordinarily rich in Earth Attribute Energy, if one planted any kind of spirit medicine or grass into soil infused with Heavy Earth, those herbs would have their growth cycle drastically reduced.

In other words, if a spirit grass ordinarily took a hundred years to mature, if it was planted atop Heavy Earth, it could mature in just ten years, five years, or possibly even less!

Such a precious effect was not only sought after by many cultivators, but also by big Sects.

Which Sect did not have its own medicine garden? Each Sect’s medicine garden would be used to cultivate many rare and precious spirit grasses and medicines, but generally, the more precious an herb, the longer its growth cycle was. Dozens, or even hundreds of years, was considered short for some rare herbs while some of the most valuable ones could take thousands of years to reach maturity.

With such long growth cycles, many spirit medicines simply could not be cultivated by ordinary cultivators as they would not have the time or energy to nurture and care for them, only powerful Sects would be able to dedicate the time and resources to such pursuits.

However, once a piece of Heavy Earth was in hand, the situation was completely different.

A thumbnail-sized piece of Heavy Earth was enough to enhance a medicine garden an acre in size to continuously produce all kinds of rare and precious spirit grasses. As such, even such a small amount would be enough to spark a war between great forces!

Unfortunately, Heavy Earth was extremely rare, so most Sects would never be able to acquire some.

The rare times Heavy Earth was acquired by individual cultivators, it would be swiftly refined into powerful artifacts to enhance their personal strength, leaving none behind to use in medicine gardens.

Yang Kai knew about Heavy Earth because he had been cultivating the Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art.

The Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art needed supreme treasures from each of the Five Elements in order to cultivate, so Yang Kai had always paid special attention to the rarest of Five Element Treasures. Heavy Earth was undoubtedly a supreme treasure of the Earth Attribute! To some extent, it was even more precious than Sun’s True Essence and bordered on comparable to his Soul Warming Lotus.

This small piece of Heavy Earth the size of a pigeon egg was enough to refine several high-grade artifacts, but Yang Kai would naturally not be satisfied with just this much.

He believed that there was far more Heavy Earth deep underground in this gorge, otherwise, how could the gravity field here be so terrifying?

After taking a moment to sort out his thoughts, Yang Kai put down the piece of Heavy Earth before taking out a number of restorative Spirit Pills from his Space Ring, placing them on the palm of his hand, and lifted it to the little bat’s mouth.

The Heaven Escaping Bat was thoroughly exhausted, and had even lost the strength to fly around, but when it saw these Spirit Pills, its little eyes lit up and it quickly opened its small mouth and swallowed them all.

*Gezhi gezhi...*

Like candy, the little bat crunched on the Spirit Pills before swallowing them down.

“Do you want some more, I have lots,” Yang Kai smiled slightly as he waved his hand and took out a dozen or so jade bottles.

The Heaven Escaping Bat’s eyes lit up when it saw these bottles.

“Good, help me obtain the rest of this stuff from underground and I’ll feed you all the Spirit Pills you want!” Yang Kai grinned meaningfully as he pointed his finger at the lump of Heavy Earth, bargaining with the little bat.

The Heaven Escaping Bat’s eyes turned slightly as it was obviously quite excited. After a while, it let out two squeaks to acknowledge its agreement.

Inside the Sealed World Bead, the natural gravity field obviously had no effect, so Yang Kai and the little bat were able to rest and recover quickly, and with the help of Yang Kai’s abundant Spirit Pills, the Heaven Escaping Bat was back to full strength in just two hours.

Yang Kai took it and reappeared in the gorge.

After another hour, the little beast appeared from the ground and Yang Kai swiftly brought it back into the Sealed World Bead to recuperate.

A short time later, Yang Kai obtained another pigeon sized chunk of Heavy Earth!

This situation then repeated itself over and over again.

Five days later, enough Heavy Earth to cover a small desk had now been piled up three fingers thick in front of Yang Kai.

So much Heavy Earth was an astonishing sight to behold. One had to know that a fingernail-sized piece was enough to create a miraculous medicine garden or to raise the grade of an artifact directly. As for this desk-sized pile of Heavy Earth, it was a treasure precious enough to even cause the Ten Great Emperors to snatch it.

Yang Kai now firmly believed that the inside of this Five Coloured Treasure Pagoda was indeed a shattered ancient land.

If it were not, how could there be such incredible treasures here?

Thankfully, the terrifying natural gravity field of this gorge allowed Yang Kai to obtain all these benefits for himself. If not for the unique terrain and circumstances here, this place would have long ago been cleaned out by others.

Anyone who passed over this gorge and discovered its abnormality had already fallen to their death. It was only thanks to his Sealed World Bead that Yang Kai was even alive at the moment.

In fact, he should have realized what was happening here a long time ago, as what else other than Heavy Earth could create such a powerful natural gravity field?

The Heaven Escaping Bat was still busying itself outside, but by now the gravity field in the gorge had weakened to the point where it could almost be ignored. After all, the Heavy Earth here had basically all been transferred to the Sealed World Bead by Yang Kai, so the natural gravity field generated by it had of course disappeared.

Therefore, Yang Kai didn’t need to worry about the little bat’s safety anymore.

At this moment, his eyes flashed and under the control of his Divine Sense, the pile of Heavy Earth was swept up.

Outside, Yang Kai absolutely would not have such ability. Likely, only an Emperor Realm powerhouse would be able to accomplish this.

However, Yang Kai was the absolute master inside the Sealed World Bead, able to change and affect anything at will.

Even so, lifting so much Heavy Earth still consumed a great deal of his energy.

After finally bringing the Heavy Earth to the medicine garden, Yang Kai stared at the empty plot of land and smiled lightly before sending all of this Heavy Earth into the ground.

In this way, he would possess a Heaven defying medicine garden. If he saw any precious seedlings in the future, he could transplant them here and drastically shorten their growth cycle. As long as it was not the type of herb which would die upon being transplanted, Yang Kai wouldn’t need to worry about anything surviving in this medicine garden.

Of course, Yang Kai also kept a small piece of Heavy Earth to cultivate his Five Elements Indestructible Sword Tempering Art with.

After checking his work, Yang Kai was very satisfied, and his figure flickered and disappeared.

When he reappeared, Yang Kai was already standing at the bottom of the outside gorge.

Without the intense gravitational field, the rich aura that lingered at the bottom of the gorge had lost its constraint and escaped upward.

Seeing no trace of the Heaven Escaping Bat, Yang Kai figured it was still busy underground.

Heavy Earth was a rare treasure, so Yang Kai naturally did not want to miss a single piece of it, so he simply allowed the little bat to continue searching underground. The more he found, the better, but if some was left behind in the end, it did not matter too much as his harvest this time was already quite astonishing.

Walking out, Yang Kai quickly arrived next to a skeleton, stretched out his hand, and removed its Space Ring.

This cultivator had died many years ago and was now nothing but bleached bones. The only thing of value left was this Space Ring.

Of course, Yang Kai had no reason to let off the wealth of this individual.

After a thorough search, Yang Kai harvested more than fifty Space Rings.

In other words, more than fifty people had accidentally fallen to their deaths here. Most of these people should have been Origin Kings, and besides the one who had died most recently, the rest naturally belonged to Star Soul Palace.

After checking a little, Yang Kai could not help smiling wryly.

Worthy of being disciples of Star Soul Palace, each and every ring was filled with wealth. Not only were there many Source Crystals, there were also good artifacts and pills inside these rings.

Unfortunately, possibly due to age or the unique environment here, a number of these rings had been damaged, the contents either lost or destroyed.

Yang Kai took everything of use and discarded the rest.

All of a sudden, he had harvested more than 300,000 Low-Rank Source Crystals and more than 5,000 Mid-Rank Source Crystals. He didn’t see any High-Rank Source Crystals. As for Origin King Grade artifacts, there were more than thirty, as well as two Dao Source Grade artifacts.

This made Yang Kai feel slightly complicated.

The last time he went to the black market and sold out all of his excess Spirit Pills, he had only managed to obtain 200,000 Source Crystals, but now, after a short stroll around this gorge, he had obtained several times that wealth.

Yang Kai finally felt relieved about the amount of money he had available to him.

After confirming that he hadn’t missed anything, Yang Kai stood contentedly and waited. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Not long after, the little bat poked its head out from the ground at a certain spot before leaping up and flying over to Yang Kai and spitting out a few objects from its mouth.

Yang Kai looked down and found that there was no Heavy Earth, which was a small disappointment to him.

However, after taking a closer look at these objects, he began to rejoice.

“Earth Vein Crystals!? And so many!”

This time, the little bat had actually brought up a number of Earth Vein Crystals!

Earth Veins were produced when the concentration of World Energy reached a certain critical limit and condensed into a physical form. As long as a Sect headquarters was built atop a good Earth Vein, it could ensure that its disciples did not lack World Energy for their cultivation.

The stronger a Sect was, the better the Earth Vein it could occupy. As for small and weak Sects, occupying the lowest quality of Earth Vein was the best they could hope for.

Every year, many Sects and families fought over control of Earth Veins, causing countless casualties.