Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2013, Snatching Other’s Benefits

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLaserGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

On this day, Yang Kai was flying close to the ground when suddenly he stopped and looked up at the distant sky.

At a point far off into the distance, there were an uncountable number of light streaks gathering towards the ground below, like a gorgeous meteor shower.

Each of these streams of light was surprisingly a wisp of Shattered World Principles, the very ones Yang Kai had been searching for all this time. However, the number of them gathered at that spot vastly exceeded the number he had encountered last time.

Overjoyed, Yang Kai did not hesitate to rush over.

Three hours later, Yang Kai came to a mountain valley.

What he saw immediately stunned him.

At the center of this mountain valley, there was a mass of swirling light that was only continuing to brighten as more and more light poured into it from every direction

This mass of light was surprisingly an aggregation of all the light streams coming from above.

“So many!?” Yang Kai had prepared himself before arriving here but still could not help feeling shocked.

The total amount of Shattered World Principles he and the Sealed World Bead had absorbed previously was probably less than one percent of what was gathered here. Yang Kai had benefited infinitely from just that small amount of Shattered World Principles and his Sealed World Bead had also undergone a significant transformation, so he knew that if he could absorb all the light streams in this place, his comprehension of Principle Strength would rise to the level of a Dao Source Realm master and breaking through in the future would not be a problem.

Even the Small Sealed World inside the Sealed World Bead would be able to fundamentally evolve.

Smiling happily, Yang Kai jumped out directly, stopping at a spot about three hundred meters away from the mass of light.

It was not that he didn’t want to get closer, but rather that the power contained within this mass of light was too intense so he could not approach any closer. If he rushed in, he would likely be crushed into dust by the chaotic Principles.

The light ball in front of Yang Kai hummed while contorting, possibly because it was unstable.

Yang Kai took a deep breath and released the Monster Insect Queen and Blue Flame Thunder Wolf, letting them stand guard nearby, before he sat down and began circulating his Secret Art.

Suddenly, as if being drawn in by some invisible force, a stream of light emerged from the giant mass and shot towards where Yang Kai sat. This river of light quickly began pouring into Yang Kai’s body and disappearing.

And at the moment this profound light poured in, Yang Kai felt that he could clearly sense the mysterious World Principles around himself.

At that moment, he no longer hesitated and fully immersed himself into his comprehension.

Yang Kai was just an Origin King so there was no way he could absorb that much Shattered World Principles, so just like last time, when his physical limits were about to be exceeded, the streams of light would flow into the Sealed World Bead and integrate with it, perfecting the Principles of the Small Sealed World.

Time passed slowly.

Yang Kai’s expression fluctuated endlessly, sometimes frowning, sometimes relaxed, sometimes black, sometimes contemplative...

As more and more light was drained away from the primary mass, the glow surrounding Yang Kai only became denser and denser.

However, once he was done comprehending what he absorbed, Yang Kai started again and was like a bottomless pit. No matter how much light he drew out, he had no trouble absorbing it.

Time flew by and soon, three days had passed.

After Yang Kai’s wanton absorption, the mass of light had shrunk significantly and the glow it emitted was no longer as strong as before; however, the amount of light which was being drawn away from it and pouring into Yang Kai’s body did not decrease in the slightest.

At a certain moment, Yang Kai suddenly opened his eyes, a thoughtful look appearing on his face.

After pondering for a moment, he suddenly stretched out his hand and slashed it through the space in front of him. An inexplicable force lingered at his fingertips, causing a dark Void Crack to appear in the path his fingers traced.

Yang Kai had not actually used his Space Force at this moment, but he was still able to achieve this feat thanks to his enhanced comprehension of Principle Strength.

The hallmark of a Dao Source Realm cultivators was the ability to mobilize the World Principles around them to enhance their own Secret Techniques.

Yang Kai had already touched upon this realm at this moment, something only possible thanks to the massive amount of Shattered Principles he had absorbed over the past few days.

However... his comprehension of Principle Strength was still quite superficial, so before he even finished tracing the air, the tiny Void Crack he had managed to open had already begun returning to its normal state.

Looking inward with this Divine Sense, Yang Kai examined his Origin Essence Crystal.

He saw that his Origin Essence Crystal, which had originally been completely black, at this moment now had a hint of light coming from its surface.

Yang Kai’s Origin Essence Crystal was the condensation of all his perceptions and experience in Space Force and greatly enhanced his ability to perform Space Secret Techniques. Now though, it had a trace of Principle Strength surrounding it as well, further strengthening it while also adding a layer of profundity.

From now on, as long as Yang Kai was willing to, he could use this comprehension to slightly mobilize the Principles around him.

Moreover, the Principles he would be manipulating were the mysterious and powerful Space Principles!

This was a qualitative and fundamental change. Although he wasn’t able to display much strength related to Space Principles with his current cultivation, once he broke through to the Dao Source Realm, the situation would be completely different.

Closing his eyes with satisfaction, Yang Kai once again began absorbing the wisps of light in front of him into his Sealed World Bead.

Two days later, the mass of light had shrunk to a tenth of its original size, and the light it was emitting had even become a little dim. If Yang Kai continued at this pace, it would not be long before nothing more would be left.

Yang Kai was unaware of this, however, as he was completely immersed in his own comprehension.

Suddenly, a slight groan came from in front of him.

Although this voice was quite soft, it was extremely clear.

Yang Kai originally thought he was hearing things, but when a second moan sounded, his expression changed dramatically, and he hurriedly opened his eyes.

At the same time, affected by the changes in his mood, the Monster Insect Queen and Blue Flame Thunder Wolf that had been standing guard nearby also quickly returned to protect him.

Yang Kai’s eyes widened at this moment as he stared stupidly in front of himself, only after a long-time muttering, “There’s someone inside?”

Only now did he realize that there was a figure inside the light ball in front of him.

The light ball had been too bright before, and with so many chaotic Principles lingering about, Yang Kai had not been able to probe its interior. It was only now that the light mass had shrunk to a certain extent that the figure inside was revealed.

[Was this person there from the beginning or had they entered it at some point?]

[Also, who is she?]

Yang Kai was at a complete loss.

However, judging from the graceful outline of this figure, the one inside the light mass was clearly a woman.

Yang Kai immediately thought of Mo Xiao Qi.

After all, in this third layer, besides him and Mo Xiao Qi, there should not be another living cultivator; however, after thinking about it carefully, Yang Kai realized he was wrong. He had clearly travelled in the opposite direction as Mo Xiao Qi, so how could she have gotten here ahead of him and hidden inside this mass of light.

Moreover, the curve of this figure was also somewhat different from Mo Xiao Qi’s. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

[Could it be that some old monster was sealed here?] Yang Kai remembered the Wood Spirit he had encountered in the second layer and could not help guessing, some cold sweat instantly forming on his forehead.

At that moment, he suddenly noticed that the woman opposite him had opened her eyes and was now staring at him through the light ball.

Yang Kai frowned, got up quickly, and looked forward vigilantly.

But what he did not expect was that the other party just glanced at him before closing her beautiful eyes again, as if she didn’t even perceive his existence.

But soon, Yang Kai understood why she acted this way.

Not long after this woman closed her eyes, the surrounding wind began to swirl and all around her, piles of high-quality Source Crystals burst apart and transformed into pure and rich World Energy.

Immediately afterwards, thunder began to rumble as large black clouds appeared seemingly out of nowhere. There were even flashes of lightning dancing across the blackened sky.

The World Energy formed by the bursting Source Crystals gathered madly towards the Heavens and in the blink of an eye, an extremely terrifying vision was formed.

“Breakthrough!” Yang Kai could not help stepping back a few steps, his expression changing dramatically.

This woman was here to make a breakthrough to the next Great Realm and the scene before him was clearly the initial signs of a World Energy baptism that would accompany such a breakthrough.

At this time, Yang Kai also noticed the woman’s true cultivation, which was actually the same as his own: Peak Third-Order Origin King. If she succeeded in her breakthrough, she would become a Dao Source Realm cultivator.

Yang Kai quickly judged that this woman was likely not an old monster who had been sealed here for countless aeons but was instead like him, a cultivator from Maplewood City.

It was a mystery how she managed to enter the third layer though.

As these thoughts flashed across his mind, Yang Kai felt immense surprise.

No matter who this woman was, since she could arrive here on the third layer, her background and strength were obviously extraordinary. Her being here on the third layer was also likely intentional so she could make this breakthrough.

As for the huge mass of light from before, she had obviously been the one gathering it. In other words, Yang Kai had been snatching benefits from her this entire time.

Considering this, Yang Kai sweat more and more.

Regardless of the truth, this was not a place he could stay!

The very first thing this woman would do after she broke through would undoubtedly be to settle accounts with him...

Although Yang Kai was not afraid of a newly promoted Dao Source cultivator, if he could avoid dealing with trouble, he would, so he quickly decided to flee.

At that moment, the woman seemed to realize Yang Kai’s intentions and suddenly called out, “Stand there obediently and don’t move, otherwise I’ll make you pay!”

The sound was clear and sweet, extremely pleasant to the ear.

But since Yang Kai had already decided to run, how could he care about this woman’s threats?

Immediately, he waved his hand, took back his Blood Beasts, and turned to fly away.

The woman coldly snorted, raised her jade white hand, and condensed what looked like a mass of starlight onto her palm. The starlight transformed into an arrow and shot out towards Yang Kai in the next breath.

As the sound of something breaking through the air sounded, Yang Kai felt a chill behind his back.

Without hesitation, he turned around and threw out two punches.

In an instant, a violent explosion rang out as Yang Kai’s fists collided with the starlight arrow, sending out a shockwave of wind.

Yang Kai used the resulting force to propel himself forward though and hurriedly fled.

From beginning to end, he did not even say a word.

“Fast!” Inside the mass of light, the woman ground her teeth as her brow furrowed, muttering to herself, “Strange, how could there be anyone here on the third layer? And that man... didn’t seem to be an ordinary Origin King.”