Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2080, Patching the leak

Translator: Silavin & frozenfire

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

At the section of the city wall where Yang Kai was located, the cultivators were also stunned by what they were witnessing. Fortunately, due to Yang Kai’s earlier warning, everyone had some level of mental preparation. After the initial shock had passed, everyone immediately unleashed their Secret Techniques and Martial Skills with even greater ferocity, sending them rumbling towards the Demon Qi; but the Demon Qi consumed it all, leaving no trace behind.

Yang Kai flicked all of his fingers, shooting bolt after bolt of Gold Blood Thread. Under the perfect control of his Divine Sense, they whipped around like thrashing dragons, leaving behind stretches of golden brilliance within the Demon Qi.

Maplewood City defensive Spirit Array was unidirectional – when activated, it would block attacks from outside the city, while defensive attacks from within the city could pass through the Spirit Array freely.

The vast majority of cities had similar protective arrays, while some used a bidirectional Spirit Array. However, the bidirectional arrays would only be activated under the direst of circumstances.

Once they were activated, it meant that the city was clinging to the last line of defence. The cultivators within the cities would be unable to launch counterattacks against enemies outside of the arrays, and they would only be able to wait for their impending death.

“Chi Chi Chi Chi...” As golden rays of light sparkled about, the Monster Beasts and Demons that were lunging ferociously at the city walls were sliced apart, turning into countless pieces of meat and bloody clumps, raining down from the sky.

In an instant, an area of about a couple dozen metres before Yang Kai had become devoid of any living creature.

These Monster Beasts and humans who were corrupted by the Ancient Great Demon’s Demon Qi all possessed a high level of strength. Their fleshly bodies had been greatly enhanced, and not only were they ruthless, but they were even capable of utilizing the skills and techniques they possessed prior to their corruption. If any one of them engaged in a one-on-one duel with a cultivator at the same cultivation realm, they would win every single time.

However... Yang Kai was in the Dao Source Realm!

These demonized Monster Beasts and humans did not have powerful cultivation realms before their corruption, the highest being was at the Origin King Realm. Therefore, they were as weak as tofu before the berserk dance of the Golden Blood Threads. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Seeing this, the nearby cultivators had a massive surge in morale, and each of them proceeded to unleash their special skills, launching ferocious attacks towards the enemies. For a brief moment, the section of the city wall Yang Kai was responsible for seemed to be holding strong, providing the cultivators with a huge confidence boost.

Yet, a solemn shade blanketed Yang Kai’s face after he cast his sight into the distance. The demonized Monster Beasts and humans were simply too great in number, like endless waves stretching into the distance. Shrouded in jet-black Demon Qi, they took advantage of the surging waves of Demon Qi to unleash their attacks.

It just took a momentary lapse in concentration for the defensive Spirit Array to be weakened significantly, causing it to turn dim.

While waving his ten fingers, Yang Kai came to a sudden realization.

He suddenly understood why it was only the Demon Qi that had surrounded the city yesterday, yet in the next day, countless demons and Monster Beasts had appeared.

This was clearly the result of the Ancient Demon Qi that had propagated earlier. It had demonized the various living creatures in the surroundings of Maplewood City, hence, there was not a single trace of any Monster Beasts or demons on the first day.

From the look of it, no living creature in the vicinity of Maplewood City could have survived this, and it was not known just how far the Demon Qi had spread.

Just as he was focusing on defending against the demonized living creatures, the communication artifact in his chest pocket suddenly vibrated. Immediately, his expression changed as he hastily pulled it out to check the message he had received.

“The situation at the southwest corner has changed! Hurry and reinforce it, Brother Yang!”

City Lord Duan Yuan Shan’s command rang out from within the communication artifact!

Returning the communication artifact to his pocket, Yang Kai turned to look southwest. Unfortunately, his objective was too far away, and he was unable to make anything out. The only thing he could make out was the incomparably dense Demon Qi, as well as traces of furious roars ringing from that direction.

Just as he was surveying the situation, a figure suddenly flashed to his side. Upon appearing, the person spoke out in haste: “Go over there, Brother Yang! This old man will take charge of this section of the wall!”

The person who said those words was, impressively, the Maplewood City’s Vice Lord, Drunkard!

Having said that, Drunkard suddenly pulled out the large green gourd that had been hanging on his waist, before taking a fierce gulp of wine. While doing so, he formed seals with his hands, and his face abruptly turned red.

In the next instant, his cheeks bulged out, before he spit at the enemies fiercely.

An endless stream of intense flames spewed out from his mouth. Surging forth, the intense flames were filled with unimaginable heat. Any Demons or Monster Beasts that it came into contact with would cry out miserably as they retreated. Nevertheless, they were unable to extinguish the flames that had landed on their bodies. Despite their struggling, all of them were reduced into piles of ashes within three breaths.

The nausea-inducing smell of burnt flesh began to perfuse through the air.

Not yet done, Drunkard proceeded to wave his head about slightly, causing the flames spewing out from his mouth to follow suit. He kept it up until an intense wall of flames 300 metres wide was formed before the city walls.

A fiery glow covered the skies, casting its radiance everywhere, as though it wanted to burn the entire sky into a fiery red shade.

All of the surrounding demons retreated in succession, no longer willing to even come close at all.

Bringing his exhalation of flames to a stop, a slight shiver racked through Drunkard’s body. It seemed that this move was a taxing one that he wasn’t able to use easily.

Seeing this, Yang Kai nodded towards Drunkard and disappeared with a flicker.

The southeast corner was quite a distance away from his current location. However, for Yang Kai, who possessed a Spatial Secret Technique, it didn’t take long at all.

Yang Kai unleashed his Space Techniques without any restraint, arriving in the southeastern corner in a few flashes.

Right as he arrived, Yang Kai’s eyes immediately narrowed after taking in what was around him!

At this moment, there was a hole several dozen metres wide in the defensive Spirit Array. Just like a cat that had smelt fish, the surging Demon Qi came drilling in through the hole, and there were even quite a few demonic figures present within the incoming Demon Qi, unleashing attacks at the nearby cultivators as they breached the city walls.

There were several dozen corpses strewn across the ground, while slivers of Demon Qi were slithering into their noses and mouths!

Standing at the entrance of the hole was an old man with a head full of white, a jade sceptre in his hand. Waving it around, mysterious beams of light radiated out from the sceptre, turning the demonic beings rushing through the hole into dust.

This old man was radiating the aura of a Dao Source Realm Master! He was unleashing his Source Qi without restraint, causing his robes to flutter about in its might. On the city walls, countless cultivators stood united as they defended against the invading Demon Qi and demonic creatures. The entire situation was utterly chaotic!

Right after he arrived, Yang Kai immediately summoned his Dao Source Grade Low-Rank sword. Activating his Five Element Indestructible Sword Qi, sword flowers blossomed on his long sword as he sent a stab downwards!

Chi Chi Chi Chi...

Rainbow coloured beams of sword Qi rained down from the sky, enveloping a gigantic region.

All of the demonic creatures that were within this region were either sliced in two or suffered serious injuries, leaving them roaring furiously in anger.

Moreover, the greater portion of the Sword Qi swept towards the complete corpses present on the ground.

Pu pu pu...

As the Sword Qi scattered away, explosive sounds rang out from the corpses, before all of them exploded into dust!

The countless cultivators who had witnessed this sight were dumbfounded by what they saw. In the next instant, all of them shot furious glares at Yang Kai!

After all, among the corpses lying on the ground, there were family members, friends, and compatriots who had fought alongside them.

They had been killed by demonic creatures, and nothing could be done about it; but denying the chance to have their bodies remain in one piece after their death? Even more incorrigible was that it was one of their own that had destroyed all traces of the bodies! How could anyone ignore this?

“If you all don’t wish for more demonic creatures to be born, destroy all of the corpses! This Demon Qi not only corrupts living, but it doesn’t even let the dead in peace!” Noticing their misunderstanding, Yang Kai hastily shouted in response.

Hearing his words, some of them seemed to understand, but the majority still had doubts within their hearts.

After all, how could the dead come back to life? No matter how incomparably mysterious the Ancient Demon Qi was, how could it let the dead live again?

However, their doubts did not last long, as a corpse suddenly rose. Shrouded in Demon Qi, its eyes snapped open, no longer having any white; the colour had been fully replaced by an abstruse, scarlet-black shade.

“This Sir is indeed correct! Hurry up and destroy the remaining bodies!” Some people shouted out loudly.

Now, who would dare to hesitate? Everyone proceeded to take action, destroying all of the bodies in their vicinity.

As for those newly resurrected Demons, their heads were chopped off by Yang Kai before they could even examine the world after death, falling right back onto the ground.

Turning around, Yang Kai swept his sword out once again, radiance blossoming and Sword Qi shooting out without restraint.

Ching....

Sword Qi swept out, ripping the greater half of the demonic creatures present into ten thousand pieces!

“I’ll leave the rest to you guys!” With a shout, Yang Kai took to the air and headed towards the old man.

The source of the danger in the southeast corner was ultimately the broken defensive Spirit Array. If the hole wasn’t patched, endless amounts of Demon Qi and demonic creatures would continue to pour through.

Not far away, there were already Array Masters hard at work. However, they still required a bit more time to repair the array.

It was utterly impossible to rely solely on the old man to block up the hole. From time to time, the demonic creatures that were able to slip through his attacks would make it to the city, causing chaos to the cultivators below.

Furthermore, from his expression, it appeared as though the old man was somewhat unable to continue sustaining the constant activation of the sceptre artifact in his hand. The burden of using it was immense, causing his expression to turn slightly pale as a result.

“I’m here to help you, old sir!” With a flash, Yang Kai appeared by the side of the old man. Right as he finished saying those words, he shook the long sword in his hand. A shimmer glazed over the long sword, before countless rays of Sword Qi shot out from its tip, flying towards the gap.

In an instant, the demonic creatures and Demon Qi gathering around the hole suffered serious injuries, forcing them to pull back.

Seeing this, a look of delight appeared on the old man’s face as he hastily opened his mouth: “This Qin thanks you, little brother!”

Indeed, just like an arrow at the end of its flight, he had exhausted his strength heavily through his solitary actions of defending at this place. If Yang Kai had come any later, he might really have lost his life from over-exhaustion.

The old man took a step back and let Yang Kai take the lead.

Seeing this, Yang Kai did not back down. Noticing the Demon Qi and demonic creatures he had pushed back starting to regain ground, a cold look appeared on his face as he extended his hand out to the front.

Space Force started to surge, before a jet-black hole suddenly appeared within the hole, fitting perfectly within the empty space.

Space Secret Technique, Exile!

All of the Demon Qi and demonic creatures that intruded were devoured completely by the black hole, with not a single one of them left behind.

Although the black hole was only able to exist for 10 breaths before dissipating away, this peculiar Secret Technique caused a sliver of terror to surface within all of the demonic creatures, and for a moment, none of them dared to proceed forward.