Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2083, Help Me

Translator: Silavin & frozenfire

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Within the surging Demon Qi, the demonized Jiang Chu He flew into a rage, opening his mouth wide to take a deep breath.

Like a whale gulping water, the surging and squirming Demon Qi rushed madly into his mouth before being swallowed into his body.

Jiang Chu He’s stomach appeared to have transformed into a bottomless abyss...

As he continued to swallow more and more Demon Qi, the aura radiating from Jiang Chu He’s body grew increasingly dangerous. At the same time, the Demon Crests that were present across his body started to radiate with a black twilight, appearing as though they were gathering some kind of mighty force, causing unease to surface in Yang Kai’s heart.

“Deal with him!”

Yang Kai shouted. He knew that he could not allow Jiang Chu He to continue uninterrupted. If he did, something bad might really happen! Upon his command, his two great Blood Beasts transformed into two rays of light, flanking Jiang Chu He.

As for Yang Kai, he proceeded to clad himself with his Sword Qi, merging with the long sword in his hand as he stabbed at Jiang Chu He.

Faced with such an all-out attack, Jiang Chu He did not show even the slightest hint of fear. On the contrary, he opened his mouth wide, letting off a ferocious roar of anger that rang out and shook his surroundings.

As his roar rang out, a jet-black pillar of light shot out from his mouth. Coalescing into a surging jet-black flood dragon, it brandished its fangs and claws as it rushed to meet the incoming Yang Kai.

Seeing this, Yang Kai could not help but narrow his eyes. His long sword blossomed with radiance, transforming into a twisting gale, sweeping the jet-black flood dragon into his sword intent.

On the other side, Jiang Chu He sent a rumbling punch right at the head of the approaching Blue Flame Thunder Wolf. The Blood Beast, despite possessing a strength that rivalled a First-Order Dao Source Realm, let out a miserable whimper as its gigantic body was sent flying away.

Before it could land on the ground, it was entangled by countless strands of Demon Qi, making it utterly incapable of freeing itself. The aura of Blood Qi that surrounded its body continued to be corroded by the Demon Qi, ear-piercing hissing sounds ringing out. Within a short moment, a large hole had been formed, which Demon Qi immediately drilled right into, before entering the Blue Flame Thunder Wolf’s nose.

At the same time, purple and green flashes of light shot over, a Domain of ice and frost descended as the Queen Monster Insect made its move. Combining its twin purple and green swords, they impressively blossomed with dazzling brilliance, momentarily scattering all of the surrounding Demon Qi before congealing a gigantic Sword Qi and sending it chopping down.

Seemingly knowing that this was not a strike he could contend against, Jiang Chu He disappeared from his original location.

*Hong...*

Right as he disappeared, the Sword Qi struck the ground, creating a deep gouge in the earth and sending dirt and dust in all directions.

On the other side, Yang Kai managed to chop that jet-black flood dragon in pieces after much difficulty. Turning around, he saw the Blue Flame Thunder Wolf’s predicament, causing unease to fill his heart. With a hasty flash, he appeared by the side of his Blood Beast, and with a grab, sent it into his Sealed World Bead.

If he had left his Blue Flame Thunder Wolf any longer, it wouldn’t take long for it to become demonized.

Even with him and his two Great Blood Beasts taking action, he had still lost one of them to Jiang Chu He in an instant. This turn of events made Yang Kai angry out of shame, and also let him thoroughly realise exactly how terrifying a demon’s strength was post-demonification.

Before Jiang Chu He was demonized, Yang Kai could kill a fellow like him with a snap of his fingers.

The difference in strength between the Dao Source realm and Origin King Realm could not be scoffed at.

Silence ensued within the Demon Qi.

After evading the Queen Monster Insect’s attack, Jiang Chu He appeared to have merged with the surrounding Demon Qi, disappearing without a trace.

Obviously, he had used this to his advantage earlier, allowing him to get near Yang Kai in the first place.

With no trace of its enemy, the Queen Monster Insect stood silently at its original location, its entire body enveloped by a lustrous white aura of light. This lustrous aura of light radiated with extreme cold, a clear transformation of the Clearly Sky Snowfall’s sword intent.

“Hmph! Do you think you can hide from me?”

Yang Kai gave a cold snort, and after briefly closing his eyes, his Demon Eye of Annihilation had already appeared.

Scanning his surroundings, he quickly spotted the faint outline of a human figure within a stretch of Demon Qi, hiding and not moving an inch.

If not for the Demon Eye of Annihilation’s ability to see through the void, it would have been impossible for him to discover that human figure, no matter how strong his Divine Sense was.

Not only that, there were even more human figures present not far away from him, concealing themselves with the aid of the Demon Qi as they crept silently towards him.

The auras radiating from these few figures weren’t much weaker than the aura radiating from Jiang Chu He. In fact, there were two of them that were even more formidable than Jiang Chu He.

Shock immediately filled Yang Kai’s heart, as he knew that he had stayed too long outside of the city. This had led him to attract even more demons, and these impressively strong demons were obviously demonized Jiang Family members.

That was because one of the figures was extremely similar to the figure of the Jiang Family’s Patriarch, Jiang Lin; they were basically identical to each other.

“Little brother Yang, hurry up and return to the city! The repairs on the great array are about to be complete!”

Just at this moment, Qin Zhao Yang’s roaring voice suddenly rang out from far behind him.

Yang Kai smiled happily, as he knew that he had accomplished his mission. However, he still felt somewhat unwilling to leave just like that.

Seeing even more demons closing in on him, he clenched his teeth and gave an order to the Queen Monster Insect.

In the next instant, the Queen Monster Insect displayed its most powerful Sword Dao Secret Technique.

Cleary Sky Snowfall!

The domain of ice and frost accompanied the movements of the twin purple and green swords as they suddenly descended on a certain location. In an instant, bone-chilling cold immediately enveloped that entire area. In the air, the ice principles lingered on, acting like a poison as it seeped out in all directions.

Unable to react in time, the demons that were creeping up slowly within the Demon Qi were all struck by this move.

Roars began to ring out in succession, as figure after figure revealed themselves. These demons proceeded to execute the Secret Techniques and Divine Abilities they possessed when they were alive, to dispel the ice and frost energies that had struck them.

Taking advantage of this, Yang Kai turned into a flash of light, reappearing right before Jiang Chu He.

“Solidify!”

With a roar, Yang Kai directed his Space Principles, his will locking the entire stretch of the world up.

Jiang Chu He’s figure immediately appeared. However, at this moment, there seemed to be a flustered look appearing on his malevolent-looking face. As he struggled with all his might, the Demon Crests that covered his skin started to move and sparkle, and all of his veins bulged and swelled, creating an extremely shocking sight.

Nevertheless, he couldn’t escape from the bindings created by Space Principles. In the end, he was merely a demonized Third-Order Origin King cultivator, and thus was utterly incapable of breaking free of the constraints created by the strength of the World Principles!

“Slash!” Lifting the long sword in his hand, Yang Kai proceeded to slash down fiercely.

A will to survive burst forth from Jiang Chu He’s jet-black eyes. Mustering energy from an unknown source, he actually managed to forcefully shift his head slightly to the side.

The sword Qi flashed across, cleaving off an arm, and sending jet black blood gushing out from the stump.

Jiang Chu He cried out in pain!

Yang Kai was surprised to see this series of outcomes, as he never expected that his strike wouldn’t achieve its intended effect. Nevertheless, as he thought about it, he came up with an even better idea.

In the next instant, he roared out once again. “Bind!”

Hearing his command, the surrounding space squashed down fiercely towards Jiang Chu He. As though he was being crushed, cracking sounds rang out from the bones across his entire body, while blood flowed out from his nose and ears. Nevertheless, he still continued to struggle and did not show even the slightest hint of wanting to beg for mercy. In fact, he did not even attempt to flee! Instead, he continued to roar at Yang Kai like a frenzied wild beast.

Forming seals with his hands, Yang Kai’s hands turned illusionary, before he smashed them towards Jiang Chu He.

Wave after wave of Source Qi gushed into Jiang Chu He’s body, suppressing every single flow of energy in his body.

Within a few breaths, Jiang Chu He was utterly incapable of mustering any energy to resist, as his entire cultivation was sealed within his body.

Extending his hand, Yang Kai grabbed and hoisted him up. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

At the same time, he gave an order to the Queen Monster Insect.

Receiving his command, the Queen Monster Insect transformed into a beam light, shooting towards Yang Kai, who immediately sent it into his Sealed World Bead.

After that, with a flash, Yang Kai rushed towards the city walls.

Seeing Yang Kai appear in the distance, a look of delight appeared on Qin Zhao Yang’s face as he shouted out. “Little brother Yang, hurry up and get back!”

Yang Kai nodded his head. However, right as he was about to head into the city through the hole present in the Spirit Array, his expression suddenly changed as he turned to look behind him.

“What are you doing, Little Brother?” A blank look appeared on Qin Zhao Yang’s face, unable to understand why Yang Kai would come to a stop at such a critical moment.

“Did you hear that, Old Sir Qin?” Yang Kai asked in doubt.

Qin Zhao Yang gawked, before pricking his ears to carefully listen to the surrounding sounds. As he did so, his expression changed. “Is there someone calling for help?”

Indeed, there was someone not far outside of the city that was calling for help. From the shouts, it appeared to be a man, and one that wasn’t young!

Conflicted emotions flashed across Qin Zhao Yang’s face, before he quickly said, “Don’t worry about it, Little Brother. Regardless of who he is, he might already be in a disastrous state. You should hurry back as quickly as possible.”

Yang Kai nodded in agreement.

The dangers of the Demon Qi had far exceeded his expectations. If there really was someone who had recklessly rushed out into it, it wouldn’t take long before that person’s consciousness would be devoured and turned into a demon.

Even with his current level of strength, he did not dare to stay too long within the Demon Qi.

“Sir, please wait! Sir, help!”

All of a sudden, that strange call for help rang out once again from behind him. Furthermore, from the location the sound was coming from, it seemed to be nearer than the last cry for help.

This instantly piqued Yang Kai’s curiosity, as he did not know exactly what kind of person could actually protect their body within that surging Demon Qi and the countless demonic creatures within the Demon Qi. Furthermore, that person seemed to be able to accurately determine which location to run towards.

A person that was able to accomplish those feats would clearly not be any ordinary cultivator.

“Please wait, Old Sir Qin. I’ll take a look first.”

Saying those words, Yang Kai tossed Jiang Chu He into the city.

In a somewhat absent-minded state, right as Qin Zhao Yang noticed Jiang Chu He’s malevolent expression and bared teeth flying towards him, he was instantly shocked. Without giving a second thought, he sent a palm rumbling forward.

*Hong...*

A gigantic bang rang out, accompanied by the sounds of countless bones shattering. Jiang Chu He immediately vomited out black blood, while his aura immediately withered away.

Nevertheless, despite taking Qin Zhao Yang’s palm strike in the face, Jiang Chu He did not immediately die. Instead, he collapsed onto the ground, groans escaping from his mouth.

“Demon... Demon!”

Noticing him, the surrounding cultivators cried out in surprise and shock.

Qin Yu’s beautiful eyes sparkled as she started to size Jiang Chu He up in curiosity.

This was the first time she was this close to a living and breathing demon!