Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2087, Black Eye Great Demon

Translator: Silavin & frozenfire

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

They were enveloped in darkness, and within it, something seemed to be concealed.

[This should be Jiang Chu He’s Knowledge Sea!]

Yang Kai’s brow twitched, as he immediately made some conjectures.

Nevertheless, he was in an extremely strange state right now. Although his Divine Sense had been grafted onto Qin Yu’s body, allowing her to display her Secret Technique to take a look into Jiang Chu He’s Knowledge Sea, he had zero control of the situation.

Yang Kai had no choice but to be dragged along with Qin Yu’s path of exploration, being led around by her will, heading deeper as they continued their investigation.

This was a rather unique feeling, which made Yang Kai slightly uncomfortable; at the same time, he was brimming with curiosity.

Rays of mysterious light blossomed from Qin Yu’s Soul Avatar, dispersing the surrounding darkness and revealing the surging sea beneath.

Impressively, the seawater appeared jet-black, just like a black hole that caused people to tremble upon looking at it.

All of a sudden, unfamiliar images started to flash across Yang Kai’s Knowledge Sea.

Taking a detailed look at it, Yang Kai realized that all of these images were the memories and experiences of Jiang Chu He’s life. As they continued to flash by, despite their discontinuity, he was able to observe a great part of Jiang Chu He’s life experiences.

While he was analysing those pictures, Qin Yu had already displayed her soul searching technique on Jiang Chu He.

The information gathered from these pictures was largely useless, so Yang Kai and Qin Yu did not focus on them.

After a long while, a peculiar image suddenly appeared before Yang Kai’s eyes.

This was an image of an exceedingly abstruse formation pattern. Within the formation, the jet-black lines of the formation were just like Demon Crests, squirming constantly as they crisscrossed with one another. This formation appeared intricate, and was carved on a stone wall. As those lines wriggled about, he could faintly hear hints of what seemed like berserk roars ringing out from the stone wall.

Great waves of shock rocked Yang Kai when those roars rang into his ears, instantly causing him to feel uneasy.

At the same time, the images that were flowing into his Knowledge Sea spontaneously dissipated, appearing as though they were about to collapse.

This gave Yang Kai a shock, as he knew that it was Qin Yu that was enduring this impact, and seemed unable to endure it. Immediately, he unleashed his will, and with his Divine Sense grafted onto her acting as a bridge, attempted to restore Qin Yu’s consciousness.

The dissipating images started to stabilise.

However, all of the earlier images had already disappeared, replaced by another scene.

This was a scene of a world-shaking war.

A gigantic creature enveloped in jet-black Demon Qi stood over 300 meters tall. Possessing an awe-inspiring figure, it was strong and sturdy. Standing tall on the earth, it roared towards the heavens.

Its roar shook its surroundings, causing the clouds in the sky to crumble apart and dissipate away.

Within the swirling Demon Qi, the true face of the gigantic creature could faintly be seen.

It had an ugly and malevolent expression, while a gigantic eyeball occupied half of its face. That gigantic eyeball was jet-black in colour. Looking at it, one would have the misconception that it was a bottomless pit. Rays of jet-black twilight radiated from the gigantic pupil, brimming with Heaven-destroying, earth-shattering might, shooting through the void and shattering space apart.

Even the slightest contact against that jet-black eye with his consciousness caused Yang Kai to feel immeasurable pain radiating through his Knowledge Sea, surging unstably to the point that it was at risk of collapsing.

This frightened him so much that he hastily turned his gaze away.

“Black Eye Great Demon!”

For some inexplicable reason, this name surfaced within his Knowledge Sea, alongside intense terror and shock.

This feeling did not come from Yang Kai, but from Qin Yu’s current emotional state. Being able to recognize that giant demon was all due to Qin Yu. However, with both of them being connected by Yang Kai’s Divine Sense, her thoughts were being transmitted to Yang Kai with clarity, allowing him to gain some information.

Right at this instant, figures appeared around the gigantic Black Eye Great Demon. Every single one of these people radiated exceedingly powerful lifeforce and astonishingly strong auras.

Every single one of these cultivators were, impressively, Emperor Realm masters.

From what he could see, he estimated that there were more than a hundred people present.

There were several dozen masters that radiated auras that were even more terrifying than the Star Soul Palace’s Silver Star Envoy, Xiao Yu Yang!

According to the rumours, Xiao Yu Yang was already a Second-Order Emperor. Therefore, these several dozen cultivators that were even stronger than him would naturally be Third-Order Emperors!

Every single one of them was surrounded by a scholarly air, but no one would dare to belittle them.

However, at this moment, these over one hundred Emperor Realms appeared just like a horde of mosquitoes that had gathered around the gigantic Black Eye Great Demon. Secret Technique after Secret Technique, Emperor Artifact after Emperor Artifact caused dazzling flashes of light to blossom out as they shot towards the Black Eye Great Demon.

A roar rang out of the Black Eye Great Demon, vibrating the heavens and shaking the earth.

Other than the hundred-plus Emperor Realm Masters, there were even 20 gigantic Warships present in the Black Eye Great Demon’s vicinity!

Each of these Warships spanned over several dozen metres in length. Pillar-like rays of pure white light shot from these Warships, rumbling towards the Black Eye Great Demon.

The heavens and earth turned dim, as the sun and the moon lost their radiance.

The Black Eye Great Demon’s movement seemed to be somewhat restricted. Although it would shift its body from time to time, it was still unable to dodge the innumerable attacks headed its way. As those attacks landed on its body, the Demon Qi that surrounded its body was sent into a frenzied surge, as it roared continuously in pain.

Mysterious black rays of light continued to shoot out from its gigantic black eye. Furthermore, it held a gigantic Wolf Fang Mace in its hand, and as it waved it around, it appeared as though it was even capable of knocking down the stars hanging in the sky.

Human figures continued to drop from the air, while fires continued to erupt from Warships as they were smashed into halves.

Yang Kai and Qin Yu were dumbstruck, utterly incapable of believing what they saw, their hearts unable to calm down even after a long while.

The scene changed once again!

As he took a clear look at the scene before him, Yang Kai’s eyes could not help but contract.

The scene before his eyes was the desolation in the aftermath of the battle. The land within ten thousand kilometres had all been turned into wastelands, peppered with the scars of the battle.

The gigantic body of the Black Eye Great Demon lay on the ground, with the Wolf Fang Mace by his side. Jet-black blood flowed out from the wounds that covered its entire body. There were even some wounds that penetrated deep into its body, revealing multiple bones within, causing people to tremble at the sight of it.

The Black Eye Great Demon had been killed!

Although they did not see the entire process of the fight, Yang Kai could imagine exactly how difficult it had been.

Scanning his gaze about, he could see corpse after corpse of Emperor Realm Masters strewn across the ground. Of the over hundred Emperor Realm Masters, not even a fifth of them remained. Among those, every single one had injuries on their bodies, and they wore expressions of pain and misery on their faces. As for the 20 Warships, all of them had been sunk and turned into wrecks. Strewn across the battlefield, they continued to give off green smoke, narrating the misery and sorrow from ancient times.

The scene changed once again.

The gigantic corpse of the Black Eye Great Demon was thrown into the mouth of a ten-thousand-year-old volcano. However, despite the terrifying heat coming from the magma setting it ablaze, it did not suffer even the slightest damage.

The corpse was retrieved from the volcano by a master. Gathering other masters in the world, they carved a formation and tempered it with their combined strength.

A dozen Emperor Realm masters sat cross-legged around this exceedingly profound formation with the Black Eye Great Demon’s corpse placed in the centre. With every movement of the dozen Emperor Realm Masters, astonishing bolts of lightning would descend from the sky and strike the corpse.

Ghastly white flames surfaced within the formation and continued to burn at the corpse.

The Black Eye Great Demon’s corpse finally started to slowly disintegrate, eventually leaving a small remnant behind. This little bit was transferred into a specially constructed artifact by a master, buried deep into the ground, and sealed by a Spirit Array.

As time passed, the world transformed, while the containment artifact and the object it held slept quietly, not known by anyone.

Over time, the strength of the seal slowly weakened, allowing Demon Qi to seep out from the containment artifact and into the outside world.

......

Within the hidden chamber, an unknown amount of time passed before a tremor suddenly shook through Qin Yu’s entire body. In an instant, her face turned deathly pale as she spurted a mouthful of blood out before opening her beautiful eyes.

At the same time, Yang Kai had also opened his mouth. Taking a deep breath, he suppressed the churning lifeforce in his chest.

Seeing Qin Yu’s abnormal condition, he quickly arrived next to her. Extending his hand, he tapped on the various major acupressure points across her body, finally allowing her condition to stabilise.

“Many thanks, Sir!” Qin Yu opened her mouth to express her gratitude. However, she was still unable to stop her body from trembling.

The two of them exchanged glances, each of them noticing the fear and terror in the other’s eyes.

That was because every scene that they had witnessed earlier had clearly been the experiences of that Ancient Demon when it lived. The Ancient Demon Qi had inherited the will of the Black Eye Great Demon and invaded Jiang Chu He’s body, thereby allowing Qin Yu and Yang Kai to see everything clearly.

Despite it not being the entire picture, it was enough for both of them to unravel the truth behind some matters.

“This is a very thorny problem.” Yang Kai mumbled. “We have to inform City Lord Duan first.”

Right as he was preparing to retrieve his communication artifact, a furious bellow suddenly rang out from his side.

Shocked, Yang Kai turned his head towards Jiang Chu He, only to see that Demon Qi was unexpectedly gushing out from his entire body, as though he was risking his life to break free from his restrictions. However, despite being demonised, his strength was still insufficient. This caused the energies in his body to rampage about, and he was utterly incapable of suppressing them.

A dangerous aura immediately radiated out.

“Run!” Seeing this, how could Yang Kai not know what was going to happen next? He enveloped Qin Yu in his own Source Qi, and displayed his Spacial Secret Technique, disappearing from the hidden chamber with a flash.

When he reappeared, he and Qin Yu were already in the courtyard outside.

Right as he stabilized his footing, a giant bang rang out from beneath as the ground shook violently. In the next instant, rocketing energies exploded underground, accompanied by the sounds of flesh and bones exploding apart.

Jet-black Demon Qi transformed into snakes and travelled in all directions! FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The few Qin Family Origin King Realm cultivators standing guard outside of the hidden chamber were utterly clueless to what had happened. By the time they could react, they were already too late to do anything. Right as the snake-like Demon Qi was about to invade their bodies, a roar suddenly rang out from behind them. “Solidify!”

The surrounding space suddenly became incredibly dense, making it almost impossible for those few Qin Family cultivators to even raise their hands.

In an instant, the Demon Qi heading towards them was locked in mid-air, unable to move even an inch forward.

Golden Blood Threads flashed about, transforming into rays of golden light that smashed all of the Demon Qi apart, saving them from their dangerous predicament.