Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2098, Black Eye

Translator: Silavin & frozenfire

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The starlight that blotted out the skies descended, appearing just like meteors, each of them brimming with unimaginable might, smashing down so powerfully that they left the middle-aged man crying out incessantly.

Star Chaser Arrow and Star Descent were both Secret Techniques of the Star Soul Palace. Hua Qing Si being able to execute them was an undeniable sign that she was a member of the Star Soul Palace.

After making this discovery, the bitterness the middle-aged man felt in his mouth was too much for him to cope with.

From the very beginning, he had displayed a haughty attitude and did not place anyone with any regard at all, and the basis of this was purely due to his powerful cultivation realm and the Flying Saint Palace which he hailed from.

Within the Southern Territory, despite not being a peak sect, they had an Emperor Realm master overseeing the sect, giving them a certain level of reputation.

If not, how would Ning Yuan Cheng and this middle-aged man behave so condescendingly and dare to strut around shamelessly within Maplewood City?

However, right at this moment, the middle-aged man had suddenly discovered that Hua Qing Si’s background was even more powerful than his, causing him to feel shocked, as well as becoming angry out of shame!

This was just like him showing off his wealth before a beggar, only for the beggar to casually pull out a few pieces of gold to smash his face, hitting him till his face had become swollen...

In an instant, the sense of superiority the middle-aged man had always had within him had abruptly vanished into thin air. Not only that, he was helpless to do anything about it.

His opponent was a member of the greatest sect in the Southern Territory, the Star Soul Palace! How would he dare to go against a person like that?

It would still be alright if he had lost. However, if he were to win... he did not dare to imagine the resulting scenario.

Therefore, a comical spectacle proceeded to occur. Faced against Hua Qing Si, who continued to unleash various kinds of Secret Techniques, the middle-aged male could only defend against them, as he basically did not dare not launch any counterattacks back at her.

Nevertheless, Hua Qing Si showed no signs of dropping the matter. Not only did she continue to display Secret Technique after Secret Technique, but she even pulled out her artifact, resulting in the middle-aged man being completely suppressed by her.

On the other side, Yang Kai continued to stand quietly in front of the seal, though he continued to curse out loudly in his heart.

Just as Qin Yu had discovered, when he had spit a mouthful of golden blood at the seal as a result of Jiang Tai Sheng’s self-destruction, he had formed an unknown connection with the seal.

He was able to clearly sense that there was a terrifying consciousness present behind the seal, and it was quietly looking right at him.

This caused his body to turn rigid, and totally incapable of moving.

This continued all the way even as the pure Ancient Demon Qi gushed into his body, and yet Yang Kai was utterly helpless to stop it, leaving him no choice but to watch everything unfold right before his eyes.

Yang Kai did not know exactly what was behind the seal. The only information he had was what he had discovered while in Jiang Chu He’s Knowledge Sea, which he guessed was a portion of the ancient demon’s body, though he did not know exactly which portion it was.

Nevertheless, since it was sealed here, it naturally meant that it was an existence that could not be eliminated. If those Emperor Realm masters from ancient times could deal with this threat once and for all, they wouldn’t have been forced to resort to sealing it.

Nevertheless, as countless years went by, the world above the seal transformed, and so did the Earth. This continued until it was damaged by the Jiang Family members.

As the Ancient Demon Qi gushed into his body, Yang Kai felt an uncomfortable feeling spread throughout his entire being, his consciousness becoming murky, while his mind grew muddled...

When the middle-aged man had taken action against him, Yang Kai had assumed that he was dead without a doubt. Never did he imagine that Hua Qing Si would step in at such a critical moment and save his life!

This caused him to celebrate his fortunate circumstances, but he still had some doubts, as he did not know why Hua Qing Si had done such a thing.

As time passed, more and more Demon Qi gushed into his body, causing Yang Kai’s entire body to disappear, being replaced by a clump of darkness that appeared just like a black hole that had devoured all the light.

All of a sudden, a loud sound rang within Yang Kai’s Knowledge Sea.

The sound seemed to be the manifestation of the shock present in the depths of his consciousness, yet also sounded like a summoning call coming from ancient times. The sound was deafening, making it hard to hear exactly what was being said. As that happened, blood dripped out of the seven apertures of his head.

Nevertheless, the golden blood did not drip down onto the ground. Appearing to be drawn by some kind of mysterious power, they flew towards the stone wall, before fusing with the seal.

All of a sudden, a tremor shook through Yang Kai’s body as he opened his eyes wide to stare straight before him.

Everything in his world and sight had completely vanished, appearing as though he had entered a black hole that was completely devoid of light. Endless darkness surrounded him, a scene that would induce despair and terror in anyone who encountered it.

Hanging in the middle of the jet-black heavens was a gigantic horizontal eye. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

This sole eye, incomparably jet-black and abstruse, seemed to take up half of the sky. An extremely mysterious power seemed to be contained within, pulling in and forming a resonance with Yang Kai’s soul.

“Black Eye!” Huge waves of shock surged in Yang Kai’s heart, as he immediately realised that this was the jet-black solitary eye of the ancient demon.

While observing the scenes in Jiang Chu He’s consciousness, he had seen the sole eye of the ancient Black Eye Great Demon radiating with jet black twilight, handing a beating to those powerful Emperor Realm masters and leading to the destruction of many starships.

The might of the jet-black twilight was even more powerful than Emperor Artifacts!

[So, that’s what it was!]

At this instant, a flash of understanding struck Yang Kai, as he finally understood exactly what part of the ancient demon was sealed beneath this ground.

Clearly, it was that solitary black eye!

The solitary black eye of the ancient demon was formed by Heaven and Earth, and could not be destroyed through mankind’s power.

Those almighty figures had used all the means and methods they could think of, but were still unable to destroy that solitary black eye. Therefore, they had no choice but to seal it up.

Although he finally made this discovery, Yang Kai was utterly incapable of doing anything about it.

Despite being dead for countless years, that solitary black eye still contained a portion of the ancient demon’s consciousness. That consciousness was immensely powerful, and a First-Order Dao Source Realm cultivator was nothing compared to it.

Yang Kai could only view everything that was happening to him like a spectator with a front-row seat.

Under the Black Eye that hid the skies, Yang Kai was just as small, insignificant and weak as an ant.

All of a sudden, the solitary Black Eye seemed to have noticed Yang Kai’s existence, causing it to focus its gaze towards him.

In an instant, Yang Kai felt intense pain racking through his Knowledge Sea, while his soul felt like it was being ripped apart, causing him to roar out unbearably in pain.

Endless amounts of Demon Qi gushed out from the damaged seal and flowed incessantly into his body, causing it to crumble. Nevertheless, due to the effects of his golden blood and the Demon Qi, his body was reconstructed at an astonishingly rapid speed.

The pain he was experiencing was absolutely worse than what people who had undergone the legendary trial of a thousand cuts would have to endure.

Moreover, there was an even more shocking matter that caused Yang Kai’s heart to be filled with incomparable terror, which was that the solitary Black Eye floating in the sky was unexpectedly starting to move towards him.

Yang Kai could clearly feel the delighted emotions present within that Black Eye, appearing as though it had finally found something after countless years of searching.

In the next instant, the Black Eye proceeded to engulf Yang Kai, before turning incorporeal and gushing straight into his body.

When that happened, jet-black energy suddenly erupted out with Yang Kai as its point of origin. Rushing through the sky, it scattered the clouds and reached the heavens.

As if it had been summoned, the endless Demon Qi that had spread over an area of a few hundred thousand kilometres started to surge over, gathering frantically towards Yang Kai’s location.

Within the Demon Qi, countless demonic creatures proceeded to turn around and look towards Yang Kai’s direction.

Despite having lost their consciousness and not knowing the pain of life or death, looks of delight had actually appeared on their faces as they proceeded to prostrate on the ground, looks of ardent worship gleaming in their eyes.

It seemed as though the ruler they had waited for countless years had finally arrived, as though their invincible sovereign had finally awakened.

Five hundred kilometres away, Duan Yuan Shan was protecting Qin Yu and the unconscious Qin Zhao Yang as he fought a bloodsoaked battle against a group of demonic creatures.

It wasn’t difficult to deal with the demonic creatures, as they were far from being a match for Duan Yuan Shan with their weak cultivation realms. However, their numbers were still overwhelming, and it was virtually impossible to completely kill off all of them. Furthermore, he still needed to protect the two Qin Family members, leaving him stretched thin.

Seeing that his defences were about to be breached by the demonic creatures, Duan Yuan Shan no longer gave any regard to his own health, biting down on his tongue and igniting his Blood Essence in a fit of anger.

Right at this moment, a sharp whistling sound rang out from the distance, piercing through his eardrums. The Demon Qi started to surge and churn, while the demonic creatures proceeded to kneel down, giving no regard to Duan Yuan Shan and the two Qin Family members at all.

Seeing this, Duan Yuan Shan’s eyes narrowed. Although he did not know exactly what had happened, he knew that time waited for no man. Paying no heed to continuing his battle with the endless demonic creatures, he immediately brought the two Qin Family members and leapt into the sky, flying frantically towards Maplewood City.

Along the way, he noticed dense numbers of demonic creatures, all of them kneeling on the ground. There were even some demonised monster beasts that were prostrated on the ground, not moving an inch at all.

“What the hell is happening?” Doubt welled up within Duan Yuan Shan, prompting him to turn around to take a look. Nevertheless, a stretch of jet black darkness was the only thing he saw. However, he was able to clearly feel terrifying energy fluctuations radiating from the location of the seal.

In Maplewood City, the countless cultivators present on the various city walls were also dumbfounded by what they saw.

Just a moment ago, the demonic creatures were still frantically launching attacks at the defensive Spirit Array. However, in a single breath of time, all of them had unexpectedly stopped moving, appearing as though they had all taken their last breaths and died.

Nevertheless, those cultivators with keener eyesight that allowed them to observe through the jet-black Demon Qi were able to notice the blurry figures of demonic creatures still present in the Demon Qi. However, those demonic creatures were either kneeling down or... just not moving at all.

Not far from the seal, Hua Qing Si and the middle-aged man had also stopped their utterly meaningless fight, with both of them opening their eyes wide to look down at the location beneath them.

The jet-black energy rushing towards the sky had overwhelmed them in fear, while the astonishing pressure radiating from Yang Kai’s body had caused their whole bodies to quake...

This feeling was even more terrifying than coming face to face with a Third-Order Emperor Master.

The two of them exchanged a glance, before simultaneously retreating ten kilometres to prevent themselves from getting affected.

“Do you feel it? The Demon Qi seems to be gathering over there!” All of a sudden, Hua Qing Si spoke out with a solemn look.

The middle-aged man gave a stern nod, before sneering, “From the look of it, that little brat can’t escape this calamity.”

“Why are you taking pleasure in other people’s misfortune?” Hua Qing Si snorted coldly.

“This king... I’m just speaking the truth, that’s all. Why are you getting all anxious?”

After discovering Hua Qing Si’s background, how would the middle-aged man dare to continue addressing himself as this king in front of her? Nevertheless, he was also filled with doubt and confusion, as he did not know why she would have such a special fondness for Yang Kai. With her cultivation realm, it was utterly impossible for her to develop any kind of personal relationship with a man she had just met. How would someone a few hundred years old develop a crush with such ease?

He could faintly sense that Hua Qing Si had some other kind of hidden motive behind her concern for Yang Kai.