Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2099, Supreme Treasure Reveals Its Strength

Translator: Silavin & frozenfire

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

When the gigantic solitary Black Eye entered and fused with Yang Kai’s body, his consciousness became blurry.

The various negative emotions that were always suppressed in the deepest part of his heart started to bubble to the surface, as though something was fishing them out, causing an extremely malevolent and evil aura to radiate from his body.

Complicated and abstruse Demon Crests started to crawl over his skin, and as great amounts of Demon Qi gushed into his body, these Demon Crests grew darker.

A power that far surpassed any First-Order Dao Source Realm started to brew within his body, shaking his consciousness and will. It made him drunk with delight and happiness of possessing such mighty power. Heavy murderous intent and destructive tendencies surged out from his heart, aimed at living creatures of blood and flesh.

His Divine Sense turned dim, enveloped by endless darkness without a single ray of light present. The only thing he could do was to wait for time to pass, as he turned into a member of the demons.

However, right at this moment, just like a sharp blade cleaving through the haze, a weak beam of radiance suddenly shone through the endless darkness.

This beam of radiance possessed seven colours and brimmed with magnificence. The seven-coloured light shone through the endless Demon Qi, shining down onto Yang Kai’s body, bringing warmth, making him feel as though he had been frozen during the Winter Solstice and waited until the sunlight appeared to start beaming down on him.

As though it had encountered its nemesis, the malevolent tendencies surging through his heart turned into smoke and rapidly dissipated away.

Yang Kai’s rapidly dimming consciousness had abruptly regained clarity.

Clenching his teeth, he summoned strength to his eyes and focused on what was before him.

In his vision, he saw the faintly discernible projection of a lotus flower radiating with a seven-coloured glow.

This seven-coloured lotus wasn’t large, appearing just like a speck of mud among the endless Demon Qi. Nevertheless, the place where it existed had become the final remnant of clean ground within this world of darkness.

“Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus!” Having abruptly regained clarity of his mind, Yang Kai realized he had unknowingly formed a Soul Avatar and entered his own Knowledge Sea.

This seven-coloured glow was clearly the light that the Seven Colour Soul Warming Lotus was radiating.

With a thought, he immediately rushed towards the Seven coloured Soul Warming Lotus.

After a short while, he stood before the lotus flower’s stamen.

The seven-coloured radiance enveloped him, cleansing him of all of his negative emotions. When those streams of black smoke shot out of his body, Yang Kai finally managed to fully regain his clarity.

Looking around, he noticed that his entire Knowledge Sea had turned into a world of darkness, with not a single speck of light present from the Starry Array map that should be floating above his Knowledge Sea. Other than the radiance coming from the Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus, there seemed to be nothing else present in this entire world.

Except for the gigantic solitary Black Eye lording in the air above his Knowledge Sea, coldly staring down on Yang Kai with not a single trace of emotion present in its gaze.

Yang Kai was not able to see it. Nevertheless, with this being his Knowledge Sea, he was able to sense it clearly.

Endless pressure and will radiated from the solitary Black Eye, attempting to destroy Yang Kai’s soul defences and stain his soul.

However, under the protection of a mystical, precious treasure like the Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus, any invisible attack would be cleansed away by its radiance.

Not only that, many tiny insects invisible to the naked eye were shooting out from the top of the Soul Warming Lotus.

Soul Devouring Insects!

Earlier in his life, Yang Kai had obtained these unique insects in the Tong Xuan Realm. Nevertheless, with Yang Kai’s promotion of strength, they were already unable to serve any useful purpose to him. All along, they had been placed by Yang Kai on the seven-coloured treasure island formed by the Soul Warming Lotus, and left to their devices.

After many years of nourishment, their numbers had reached an unimaginable level.

At this moment, they had exceeded Yang Kai’s expectations as they proceeded to fly from the Soul Warming Lotus and scatter in all directions.

Everywhere they went, they were accompanied by waves of ripping noises that sounded exceedingly sharp and crisp, as the ancient Demon Qi that had invaded Yang Kai’s knowledge sea was devoured at a rate visible to the naked eye.

[The Soul Devouring Insects are able to devour even something like Demon Qi?] Yang Kai was extremely surprised by this discovery.

As time continued to pass, the bodies of these Soul Devouring Insects that had devoured the Demon Qi started to grow larger. Being an existence that was extremely hard to detect, Yang Kai’s earlier enemies were utterly incapable of detecting them when he had released the Soul Devouring Insects to deal with them.

However, at this moment, within Yang Kai’s Knowledge Sea, they were visibly growing larger. Not only that, the colour of their bodies were gradually shifting to a jet-black shade. Mysterious and complicated Demon Crests started to appear on their bodies, causing their auras to become incredibly abstruse.

Within a short moment, these Soul Devouring Insects had already grown to the size of rice grains, and were still continuing to grow at a rapid rate.

Within his Knowledge Sea, the Demon Qi started to churn with unease. Seemingly possessing some kind of intelligence, it started to evade the Soul Devouring Insects. However, with this being Yang Kai’s Knowledge Sea, where else could it hide?

Therefore, clump after clump of Demon Qi was devoured, revealing large patches in its midst.

Yang Kai quietly observed this spectacle, not knowing if this was a good or bad thing. Nevertheless, since it was beneficial to his current situation, he did not worry too much about it.

In the next instant, a thought flashed in his mind before he proceeded to urge the Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus to fly to a certain part of the sky, a place within the endless darkness right before the gigantic solitary Black Eye was.

As the Demon Qi slowly scattered apart, it finally revealed the presence of the Black Eye.

Despite this being Yang Kai’s Knowledge Sea, it still lorded over half of the sky. Yang Kai appeared as weak and insignificant as an ant as he stood before it.

The seven-coloured radiance could dispel illusions and false realities. Transforming into a halo around Yang Kai’s body, it appeared just like a revolving heavenly body, its massive brilliance radiating out in all directions.

“Scram, or... get completely destroyed!” With Yang Kai’s will, a thunderclap descended from the skies, transforming into what seemed like a sharp knife that stabbed right into the Black Eye, causing its shape to distort and turn illusionary.

After a long while, the Black Eye’s shape finally stabilised, returning to its black hole-like form and not moving a single inch at all.

[So, devoid of the consciousness of its main body, the only thing left is its remnant will, huh?] Yang Kai thought. Although he had his guesses earlier, he didn’t dare to confirm whether it was true till this moment.

However, after this test, he finally got the answer he wanted. This solitary Black Eye had already lost the consciousness of its original body. What remained was just the remnant will of the ancient demon.

After all, in ancient times, countless Emperor Realm masters had destroyed its body, alongside its original consciousness. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Since it was like this, there was basically no way for him to communicate with it anymore.

With a stern look, Yang Kai proceeded to unleash the might of the Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus.

In the next instant, a dazzling seven-coloured brilliance blossomed out, transforming into more sharp blades that stabbed towards the solitary Black Eye.

Right at this instant, the solitary Black Eye looked deeply at Yang Kai, before slowly closing up.

Across this whole space, the voice of a giant rang out. “You have the aura of a demon! I’ll hand it to you! I’ll hand it all to you! Go and witness the end of this world and the destruction of Heaven and Earth!”

An unparalleled aura of savagery suddenly radiated out, as the solitary Black Eye transformed into a jet black beam of light that shot towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai’s face was drained of all colour from shock as he hastily defended his mind. At the same time, the Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus also started to spin, its endless seven-coloured radiance transforming into a barrier that attempted to halt the invasion of the black light.

Nevertheless, both their efforts were futile.

The black beam of light passed through the Seven Coloured Soul Warming Lotus’s barrier with ease, shattering Yang Kai’s defences and smashing right into his body.

In the next instant, Yang Kai felt a heart-rending pain racking through his soul, to the point that he was unable to maintain his Soul Avatar, which proceeded to crumble apart.

As this happened, his consciousness finally returned to his body. Opening his mouth, he left out a furious roar, a roar from an injured wild beast.

His body enveloped by surging Demon Qi, Yang Kai was utterly incapable of observing his own face or body as he used a hand to clutch his right eye tightly, where golden blood continued to drip down from.

“That is...” ten kilometres away, Hua Qing Si and the middle-aged man were completely dumbfounded by what they said.

Ever since Yang Kai had entered that weird state until now, they had been constantly observing him. Therefore, they were naturally able to gain some understanding about exactly what was happening to him.

They had witnessed all of the jet-black Demon Qi that covered over several hundred thousand kilometres gush and disappear right into Yang Kai’s body within an incense’s worth of time.

All of the innumerable demonic creatures present in their surroundings were kneeling on the ground. However, for some unknown reason, all of the Demon Qi within the bodies had vanished into thin air, disappearing without a trace at all.

Without the protection of Demon Qi, these exceedingly savage demonic creatures had turned extremely weak in just a short moment of time. Although it didn’t lead to their deaths, it had severely damaged their cultivation foundation. Not only that, all of them wore blank looks on their faces, as though they were utterly confused about what had happened. Compared to them, the monster beasts had lost themselves in panic, as they fled away in a hurry.

Sunlight returned and beamed down onto the land, bringing warmth to everyone.

Despite these developments, the middle-aged man and Hua Qing Si felt a chill surge through their hearts.

That was because they felt a pressure that rivalled an Emperor Realm Master radiating from Yang Kai, who stood ten kilometres away from them. This pressure was exceedingly sinister, and filled with a bloodthirsty aura; a nemesis of the auras made by any living creature!

In the next instant, the violently shaking Yang Kai suddenly calmed down.

He slowly relaxed the hand clutching his right eye, before extending both hands before his eyes, as though he was examining them.

Within the darkness, two beams of mysterious lights shone out.

One golden, and one black.

The golden left eye had a vertical pupil that was filled with majesty, and the black right eye had a horizontal pupil that contained the void. Shaking violently in Yang Kai’s eye sockets, they were greatly contrasting each other.

“What is that?” The middle-aged man was gobsmacked by what he saw. Despite hailing from the Flying Saint Palace, he was unsure as to what monster he was looking at right now, with those mysterious eyes.

When his voice rang out, the two different coloured eye beams suddenly shot towards the location that he and Hua Qing Si were at.

“Not good!” As the two different coloured eye beams made contact with her, Hua Qing Si suddenly felt a pressure on her head, causing a drastic change to her pretty face as she shouted out, “Hurry up and run!”

As she said those words, she made a seal with her hands. With a bang, her entire being transformed into over one hundred five-coloured butterflies that flew away in all directions.

Seeing her leave with such resolution, how would the middle-aged man not know that he was in serious trouble? He hurriedly bit the tip of his tongue, spitting out a mouthful of blood that enveloped his entire body in a reddish glow, and in a flash, rapidly retreated several dozen kilometres away.