Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2148, Two Seasons Mountain Range

Translator: Silavin & PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The entire Four Seasons Realm was divided into four domains, Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter. With such drastically divergent environments, when two met, their border would naturally become extremely strange.

The Two Seasons Mountain Range was that very border and it extended throughout the entire Four Seasons Realm. This mountain range was like a giant cross that divided the four domains equally.

This information was contained in the jade slip from before, so when Hua Qing Si mentioned the Two Seasons Mountain Range, Yang Kai was not too surprised.

However, judging from the information revealed by Hua Qing Si, the Azure Sun Temple was still concealing some things from him. At least the information about the Flowing Time Temple was not shared with him.

This was also obvious though; after all, he was an outsider.

Murong Xiao Xiao had given him the jade slip that recorded most of the Four Seasons Realm’s information, but Yang Kai knew he had acquired it only because Gao Xue Ting had allowed him to. Anything that was not recorded was obviously treated as secret information within the Sect.

However, Yang Kai was also certain that those from Azure Sun Temple knew whether the Flowing Time Temple really existed or not!

On the map that Hua Qing Si had given to Yang Kai, the location of the temple was recorded as somewhere between the Realm of Summer and the Realm of Winter, so for Yang Kai, this trip was really just a quick stop along the way.

Storing away the map and returning Hua Qing Si to the Sealed World Bead, Yang Kai summoned his ship and began flying in the direction of the Realm of Winter as quick as lightning.

After hurrying along for a day, an unimaginably long mountain range appeared before Yang Kai. Even from a distance, Yang Kai could tell that this mountain range was lush, with deep valleys and extensive forests. The side which Yang Kai stood on was scorching hot, but the tops of the mountains he was staring at were covered with silvery-white snow.

On the other side of the mountain range that Yang Kai couldn’t see yet, it should be extremely cold.

This was obviously the Two Seasons Mountain Range.

While releasing his Divine Sense to monitor his surroundings, Yang Kai didn’t hesitate as he flew straight into the mountain range.

In the forest, the climate was hot and humid, but for cultivators like Yang Kai, this did not affect him much.

Recalling the information recorded on the map in his mind, and as far as possible trying not to deviate from his destination of the Realm of Winter, Yang Kai began searching for the existence of the Flowing Time Temple.

His thoughts were quite simple; since the existence of the Flowing Time Temple was elusive, and no one had found it since the Four Seasons Realm had first appeared, Yang Kai naturally wouldn’t hold too much hope of finding it either and was not planning to expend much energy in his search.

For him, it would be good to find it, but it didn’t matter if he couldn’t. After spending a brief time here, he would cross the Two Seasons Mountain Range and enter the Realm of Winter.

The Tribulation Fruit was his biggest goal on this trip.

With such a mentality, Yang Kai relaxed while using the wooden ship to fly at a low altitude.

In this mountain forest, there seemed to be some traces of Monster Beast activity, but their strength shouldn’t be too great. Yang Kai didn’t even bother to find trouble with these Monster Beasts and was content to just ignore them. Occasionally, one or two rare herbs could be found, which were carefully collected by Yang Kai and transplanted to the medicine garden in his Sealed World Bead.

In the blink of an eye, half a day passed and although no traces of the Flowing Time Temple were found, it was not without gains.

At a certain moment, just as Yang Kai was flying forward leisurely and surveying his surroundings, his expression changed as he suddenly looked up in a certain direction.

From that direction, two entities were swiftly approaching, one closer, one further. It seemed that something was fleeing, while something was pursuing, but because of the obstruction of the jungle, Yang Kai was unable to see anything clearly.

Releasing his Divine Sense, Yang Kai immediately noticed an aura on par with a Second-Order Dao Source Realm cultivator approaching him.

At this moment, the owner of this aura seemed to have been severely injured and their energy fluctuations were extremely unstable.

Just as Yang Kai was investigating, a Monster Beast suddenly jumped out of the jungle before him.

This Monster Beast was like a giant lizard, with a forked tongue and a long body. It had two fiery red wings on its back as well as a diamond-shaped mark on its head, like a brand, which seemed quite strange and out of place.

Yang Kai did not know who it fought against, a cultivator or another Monster Beast, but at this moment, one of its wings was cut and its tail was missing. Blood leaked from all of its wounds.

As it leapt into the air, it panicked as it obviously didn’t expect Yang Kai to appear in its way; however, in the blink of an eye, the giant lizard pounced towards Yang Kai with its red eyes and mouth wide open.

Yang Kai only saw a scarlet light shoot out towards him in the next instant.

Clearly, the giant lizard had used its long scarlet tongue like a spear to pierce towards him.

Swiftly, Yang Kai’s figure flashed and he moved aside, causing the long tongue attack to hit empty space. At the same time, Yang Kai flicked his wrist and sent out dozens of Moon Blades towards the giant lizard.

The giant lizard was mid-air and could not avoid the attack of these Moon Blades and was directly hit.

The giant lizard’s body seemed quite robust, so the Moon Blades that Yang Kai hurriedly shot out did not kill it immediately, instead just causing some of its skin to flay, resulting in minor injuries. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

However, the force from the Moon Blades made it fall straight down.

Yang Kai’s expression looked grim as he shot downwards like a meteor, following after the giant lizard as he aimed for the top of its head.

As he fell, Yang Kai used his Dragon Transformation Secret Technique, transforming his right fist into a thick dragon claw which he slammed down on the giant lizard’s head.

*Hong...*

With a loud bang, accompanied by the sound of bones breaking, the giant lizard’s body folded awkwardly at its neck and its scarlet tongue spat out. Its eyes went bloodshot as it convulsed and struggled momentarily before going stiff.

With a thud, the corpse of the giant lizard fell to the ground, and Yang Kai lightly landed by its side.

This giant lizard was an Eleventh-Order Monster Beast, comparable to a cultivator at the Second-Order Dao Source Realm. If it hadn’t already been seriously injured, Yang Kai wouldn’t have been able to kill it in such a short time.

It didn’t look like a valuable Monster Beast, but because of its high level, its Monster Core should be worth a lot.

Thinking so, Yang Kai bent down and prepared to extract its Core.

But at that moment, a sudden change occurred as the diamond-shaped brand on the giant lizard’s forehead suddenly lit up, like it had a life of its own. Transforming into a stream of light, it shot out and rushed towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai was shocked as he backed away in a hurry.

He thought the giant lizard was already dead, so he wasn’t expecting it to use such a strange method. An Eleventh-Order Monster Beast would have a high degree of sentience, so it could have had a few tricks to use.

Yang Kai’s movements were fast, but the stream of light was faster, so he couldn’t avoid it. Instantly, the stream of light broke through his defensive Source Qi and landed on the back of his hand.

“What is this!” Yang Kai looked horrified as he exclaimed.

The moment that the stream of light landed, he felt a scorching pain from the back of his hand, as if a soldering iron was branding him, causing him to further back off.

But soon, he found that he was thinking too much.

The pain lasted for only a moment before it was replaced with a cold, pleasant sensation.

When he looked down, Yang Kai found that there was now a diamond-shaped mark on the back of his right hand, exactly the same as the one he saw on the giant lizard’s forehead.

*Xiu...*

In the next moment, several figures suddenly appeared not far from Yang Kai. When these people appeared, they all cast their eyes on the giant lizard’s corpse that was lying on the ground before turning to Yang Kai with grim faces.

Yang Kai was surprised by this whole situation. When he noticed that the giant lizard was severely injured, he vaguely guessed that someone was chasing after it, but having been disturbed by this diamond-shaped mark, he had forgotten that others were approaching him.

Now he found that it was too late to react.

“It’s you!”

“It’s you?”

Looking at Yang Kai, there were two exclamations at once, but their tones were very different.

Yang Kai looked up and felt a headache coming on.

Because he discovered that the situation in front of him was slightly complicated.

The cultivators chasing the giant lizard were not all from a great force, but rather belonged to four different groups.

Among the four groups of people, he knew half of them.

On the left side, there were two people, Xiao Bai Yi and Murong Xiao Xiao from Azure Sun Temple. Yang Kai didn’t know if they had been travelling together from the start or if they had met up sometime later. When they were being chased by the Flame Beast in the Realm of Summer, the two should have separated, but now they had appeared together in the Two Seasons Mountain Range.

At this moment, Xiao Bai Yi was looking at Yang Kai without much enthusiasm, and even some coldness, while Murong Xiao Xiao smiled sweetly at him.

Next to these two people was Heavenly Martial Holy Land’s Wu Chang with his Yin-Yang Dual Body!

Regarding this guy, Yang Kai had a vivid memory. After seeing the fight between him and Xia Sheng, Yang Kai secretly decided not to have any disputes with this person unless absolutely necessary; not because he was afraid of him, but because he would definitely be difficult to deal with and Yang Kai figured he would need to pay a high price to beat him. Yang Kai believed that even if he used all of his trump cards, he may not be able to kill Wu Chang.

From Heavenly Martial Holy Land, only Wu Chang was present.

This was not surprising though; Wu Chang had a violent and off-putting personality even towards his fellow brothers, so getting along with him was definitely not an easy task. The disciples of Heavenly Martial Holy Land probably didn’t want to be with him any more than Wu Chang wanted to be with them. To him, everyone was a burden!

The third group consisted of two people, a man and a woman. The man was handsome, and the woman was beautiful, the former possessing a Third-Order Dao Source Realm cultivation while the latter was only First-Order.

Yang Kai didn’t know who these two were, but what made him feel strange was that when the man looked at him, his eyes were a little gloomy, meanwhile, the woman just smiled lightly at him.

Judging from the emblems on their robes, this man and the woman were likely disciples of Star Soul Palace, so neither of them was to be underestimated.

Lastly, like Wu Chang, there was another lone man.

Yang Kai took a look at him and found that this man did not seem to be from a big Sect. The emblem on his clothes was unfamiliar, so he probably came from some medium or small-sized force.

But this guy, even when he was facing the elites of three major Sects, was undaunted, his expression extremely calm, a surprising display.