Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 2204, Missing One of the Four Seasons

Translator: Silavin & Imperfectluck

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Wen Zi Shan smiled upon hearing this and remarked, “Of course it would be great if such a good seedling joined the temple. Still, it depends on his own opinion, but... we could certainly try.”

After saying that, he then turned to look at Gao Xue Ting, “Elder Gao, among all of us, you know him the best, so you should take charge of this matter.”

“I don’t understand him that well,” Gao Xue Ting replied with a calm expression. “But since Temple Master has given the command, subordinate shall try.”

Wen Zi Shan nodded lightly and then changed the topic, “In that case, let us discuss what reward shall be appropriate for those disciples...”

...

Yang Kai returned to the Azure Sun Temple’s Soaring Swallow Peak.

The palace that had been wrecked last time during his fight with Xue Yi had already been repaired, and after Yang Kai entered, he opened the various barriers and rested for half a day before he began taking inventory of his harvest from the Four Seasons Realm.

Although he didn’t get the Tribulation Fruit he was searching for on this trip to the Four Seasons Realm, he still gained quite a significant harvest.

Without mentioning the Monster Beast Cores of various grades and amounts, just the spirit herbs, most of which were of the Ice Attribute, that he transplanted into the Small Sealed World’s medicine garden was already a great harvest.

Yang Kai had stayed in the Realm of Winter the longest, and with the little snowflake to lead the way for him, it could be said that at least ten percent of all the treasures in the Realm of Winter had landed in his possession.

Yang Kai had harvested the spirit herbs and immediately transplanted them into his medicine garden at the time. The Sealed World Bead’s medicine garden had a special environment that was highly suitable for growing herbs, and with the Immortal Tree providing a shocking amount of vitality, there was no need to worry that these herbs would wither. In fact, these herbs would instead have their growth greatly accelerated.

All these herbs’ medicinal ages would increase a hundred times faster than in the outside world.

Apart from these, there was also a Flowing Time Fruit that Yang Kai had obtained from the Flowing Time Temple. Although this item wasn’t very useful for Martial Dao cultivation, it had a certain special effect if you managed to refine it into a Flowing Time Pill. This effect was something that countless cultivators would definitely desire.

Taking one pill would cause a person’s body’s condition to return back to how it was several dozen, hundreds, or even thousands of years ago. This was something that would tremendously attract a cultivator whose lifespan was almost up.

This was even more so for women of all ages; after all, which woman wouldn’t want to become younger?

Although the Flowing Time Pill’s effect wasn’t as strong as the legendary Everlasting Face Pill which could make one appear young forever, the two pills had different effects, so it was quite difficult to compare which was actually superior.

If an old woman with a face covered in wrinkles had to choose, she would definitely choose the Flowing Time Pill instead of the Everlasting Face Pill because the Everlasting Face Pill would no longer have any effect on her face, while the Flowing Time Pill would allow her to rejuvenate herself.

But if a young and beautiful woman had to choose, the Everlasting Face Pill would definitely be more attractive.

Yang Kai secretly planned to find a chance to gather some herbs after he left Azure Sun Temple to refine the Flowing Time Pill. Perhaps the pill would have a miraculous effect at some critical moment.

Apart from these, there was also a random assortment of items.

These items included the treasures Yang Kai obtained from killing others, as well as the Spirit Energy Hearts he obtained in the Flowing Time Temple from destroying the guardian puppets. These were basically useless to Yang Kai though, so he planned to exchange them for Source Crystals.

A jade bottle appeared in Yang Kai’s hand a moment later, and after opening it, he immediately saw a Spirit Pill-like object.

Emperor Authority Bead!

It was the Emperor Authority Bead that he had obtained from Wu Chang.

An Emperor Authority Bead had an Emperor Realm Master’s full force attack sealed within. It would be difficult to imagine how powerful it was, and it was also similarly difficult to create. This was a consumable item that only a Second-Order or stronger Emperor Realm Master was capable of refining and was usually given to one’s descendants for the sake of protecting their lives.

Whenever an Emperor Realm Master created an Emperor Authority Bead, they would be weakened for quite a long period of time, which meant that Emperor Realm Masters weren’t willing to craft these unless it was absolutely necessary. Even if they crafted one, it would only be on a rare occasion, and they wouldn’t craft many.

Thus, Emperor Authority Beads were considered a rare treasure even throughout the entire Star Boundary.

This Emperor Authority Bead had come from the Flowing Time Temple and was something left behind by the Flowing Time Great Emperor. Although Yang Kai didn’t know when Flowing Time Great Emperor had refined this bead, its value and level already far surpassed that of an ordinary Emperor Authority Bead.

Perhaps it had a Great Emperor level attack sealed inside, or maybe a Third-Order Emperor Realm level attack.

At any rate, this was a life-saving item that Yang Kai could use at a critical moment. Even if he was surrounded by thousands of troops or masters, he could still overturn the dangerous situation with this.

Yang Kai put the bead away with extreme caution in a location where he could easily retrieve it from his Space Ring before finally focusing on the other three beads in front of him.

These three beads were identical in shape and size. The only thing different about them was their colour.

One was fiery red. Yang Kai obtained it in the Flowing Time Temple.

The temple had contained many treasures back then, and Lan Xun had basically identified them all. The only unidentifiable item was this red bead, and in fact, Lan Xun didn’t even know what this bead’s purpose was.

Yang Kai remembered the words that Qiong Qi had told him through Zhang Ruo Xi, ‘If he could enter the deepest part of the temple, then he must take the item that appeared to be the most useless’.

At the time, this red bead seemed to be the most useless one among all the treasures. No matter if it was the Pseudo Emperor Artifact, Supreme Divine Water, Emperor Aura, or Emperor Authority Bead, they were all rare treasures that were hardly ever seen in the outside world.

That was why Yang Kai had directly targeted this bead...

Nobody else had tried to fight with him for this bead, so he had gotten it quite easily.

The second bead was green. Yang Kai had obtained it in the Realm of Winter’s lake.

The third bead was the one he had obtained from trading with the round-faced woman from Eight Paths Sect.

Yang Kai never would have traded away an Extraordinary Treasure Pill with this round-faced woman if it weren’t for this bead! This third bead was faint yellow, like a withered leaf, making one think of how flowers and leaves would start to die in autumn.

These three beads of three different colours all had no reaction whatsoever when Yang Kai tried to inject his Source Qi or Divine Sense into them.

Aside from being different colours, they were impossible to tell apart.

Thinking that these beads came from the Four Seasons Realm though, it was quite easy to associate them with spring, summer, autumn, and winter.

The green bead obviously represented spring, which was filled with vitality, the red summer, and the bleak yellow, autumn!

There was one missing season. Only the Bead of Winter’s whereabouts were unknown.

Yang Kai secretly felt that he might be able to figure out the secret hidden inside these four beads if he could find the final Bead of Winter; however, the Four Seasons Realm had already closed, so it was impossible to look for it even if he had wanted to.

Yang Kai looked at the beads for a while and then sighed. He then put away the ‘Four Seasons Beads’ as he decided to name them.

If fate permitted, perhaps he would be able to find the final bead, but if it was not meant to be, perhaps he would never see the final bead in his lifetime. The Star Boundary was immensely vast, so it would be incredibly difficult to find a single Bead of Winter.

Overall though, Yang Kai’s harvest this time was not small.

There was also no need to mention the benefits he gained from the Flowing Time Force through the Flowing Time Steps, or the Emperor Artifact Pink Clouds Phoenix Robe that Zhang Ruo Xi obtained.

Yang Kai organized his spoils and tossed all the random items that he couldn’t use at all into the Small Sealed World, giving them to his Embodiment.

These items included the Spirit Pills found in others’ Space Rings, various ores, and even some artifacts.

Regardless, the Embodiment was cultivating the Heaven Devouring Battle Law and had the Stone Puppet Clan’s innate Divine Ability, so it could devour anything in the world that possessed Qi...

Yang Kai calculated that the current Embodiment was even capable of devouring an Emperor Artifact and absorbing it as a foundation to become even stronger.

Moments later, Yang Kai made a seal with his hands as his body flashed straight into the Small Sealed World.

He used his Divine Sense to scan and imprint every single blade of grass in the Small Sealed World into his mind.

The Embodiment was cultivating right now. Stone Puppets did not know fatigue, so Yang Kai’s Embodiment was capable of cultivating without rest.

Meanwhile, the two living people in the Small Sealed World, Zhang Ruo Xi and Hua Qing Si, were both sitting cross-legged in their own buildings.

Perhaps because the Sealed World Bead had devoured a large amount of Spirit Qi from the Spirit Qi Sea, Yang Kai felt that this place’s cultivation environment was obviously better than before.

Judging from this, it seemed he should have the Sealed World Bead absorb some more World Energy from the outside world if he had a chance, at least when he encountered another area with extremely dense World Energy like last time.

Yang Kai used his Divine Sense to gather the World Energy in the Small Sealed World towards the houses so Zhang Ruo Xi and Hua Qing Si would be able to cultivate more efficiently. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Zhang Ruo Si had previously risen to the First-Order Origin Returning Realm in the Four Seasons Realm Spirit Qi Sea, and then again to the Second-Order on the Flowing Time Steps, so right now she was busy consolidating her cultivation.

However... Yang Kai did not dare to underestimate her because of her weak cultivation.

Yang Kai had witnessed many inconceivable things when he brought Zhang Ruo Xi into the Four Seasons Realm this time.

He clearly remembered that when Zhang Ruo Xi was breaking through to the next Great Realm, the Origin Returning Realm, a gigantic female phantom had suddenly appeared behind her. This woman was like a giant version of a more mature Zhang Ruo Xi, and when this phantom opened her mouth, she sucked in the entire World Energy Baptism meant for Zhang Ruo Xi, allowing the latter to break through in an instant without any difficulties.

Afterwards, inside the Flowing Time Temple, right when Zhang Ruo Xi was no longer able to bear the rising Flowing Time Force from the Flowing Time Steps, the Divine Spirit Qiong Qi had acted to save her life, and even gifted her the Pink Clouds Phoenix Robe...

Yang Kai refused to believe that Zhang Ruo Xi didn’t have some sort of secret.

Qiong Qi was a vicious beast that was a famous existence even in ancient times. Any cultivator that met him would barely have a chance of remaining alive, yet such a Divine Spirit willingly saved a young girl like Zhang Ruo Xi.