Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2244, Exotic Insect Record

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Blood Aphids, Two-Legged Silkworm, Steel Ants, Silver-Striped Six Horn Spider, Tyrant Bee...

Names of Exotic Insects were written on each of the jars, practically all of which Yang Kai had never heard of, save for a few.

But the few he heard of were all terrifying creatures that caused cultivators to shiver in fear at their mention.

Yang Kai was shaken and vaguely had a bold guess.

At that moment, a flash of light suddenly appeared in the Insect Enslavement Bracelet’s space. In that flash of light, something that looked like an ancient book slowly emerged in Yang Kai’s Divine Sense.

Curious, he investigated it with his Divine Sense.

There he saw on the cover of the ancient book, the characters for ‘Exotic Insect Record’!

[A Divine Sense Book!] Yang Kai exclaimed in his mind.

There were some extremely special Secret Arts and Secret Techniques in this world that did not exist in physical form, but instead existed in ways that could not be observed by the naked eye. They were recorded in hidden places.

Recording information this way could prevent some precious secrets from being easily accessed, so it was a common tactic used by many Masters in the past.

This Divine Sense Book was one of them.

This Divine Sense Book inside of the Insect Enslavement Bracelet was probably written by the Insect Emperor, because Yang Kai was able to detect his aura from the Exotic Insect Record. Even though it was so many years ago, Yang Kai could still remember this familiar aura.

Yang Kai moved his Divine Sense once more and opened the Exotic Insect Record, reading it carefully.

This Exotic Insect Record was in fact written by the Insect Emperor, because a preface written by the Insect Emperor in first person was written on the first page of this book. Yang Kai was not so interested in this and just skimmed through it before flipping to the next page.

[Exotic Insect List!]

Yang Kai saw the three large words in an instant, which made it so he could not help but look carefully at it.

This Exotic Insect List was divided by the Insect Emperor into two parts. Any Exotic Insects that could enter this list were extremely rare and difficult to deal with.

There were 36 in the Heaven List and 72 from the Earth List, making up a total of 108 species of Exotic Insects, each with a detailed description and ranking.

Very soon, Yang Kai found the descriptions of the Exotic Ancient Insects inside the jars.

Blood Aphids, Earth List No.13: Moves towards the smell of blood. Weak and immaterial creatures that are very difficult to detect, but victims will have all their blood sucked dry from their bodies.

Two-Legged Silkworm, Earth List No.27: All-white bipedal creatures, have unparalleled Ice Attribute venom with no cure.

Steel Ants, Earth List No. 36: Colonial insects. Devour steel, nemesis of all artifacts.

Silver-Striped Six Horn Spider, Heaven List No. 19: Has a silver pattern on its back, intensely strong venom, even Emperor Realm Masters cannot ward them off.

Tyrant Bee, Heaven List No. 21: Extremely strong venom in its tail stinger, ranked highest among the world’s top ten poisonous insects, extinct.

...

The lists went on and on.

On the Heaven List, Yang Kai saw the description and introduction of Soul Devouring Insects.

Soul Devouring Insects, Heaven List No.11: Specializes in devouring Spiritual Energy, the bane of all Souls. When young and weak, can be exterminated with Conflagrated Spiritual Energy or suppressed by extraordinarily powerful Divine Sense, but as they grow, they become extremely difficult to subdue, even for Emperor Realm cultivators.

In this Exotic Insect List, Soul Devouring Insects were ranked eleventh in the Heaven List, which was already very high up. Yang Kai had never even heard of the ten Exotic Ancient Insects ranked above Soul Devouring Insects.

In the Insect Emperor’s notes, the ten strongest Exotic Ancient Insects had already become extinct and no longer existed in this world.

Of course, this was only his personal opinion. Whether they were truly extinct or not, no one knew.

Yang Kai had the vague thought that the reason why these Soul Devouring Insects were able to rank so high up was related to their immense ability for growth.

As the Insect Emperor noted, Soul Devouring Insects were actually not difficult to deal with when they were still weak. They could be killed with Conflagrated Spiritual Energy or subdued with a strong Divine Sense; however, they would become an immense problem when they matured.

Yang Kai could not help but get excited when he suddenly got his hands on a book like this and read it with great interest. Since the Insect Emperor dared give himself such a title, it must mean that his research on the Dao of Exotic Insects was unparalleled; practically no one could surpass him. He was likely to be the only person with this knowledge in the entire Star Boundary. Once Yang Kai mastered this information, if he ever encountered any of the Exotic Ancient Insects in this book in the future, he would be able to apply the right countermeasures to deal with them.

After the Heaven and Earth Lists in the Exotic Insect Record, the habits, breeding methods, and restraining methods of each of the Exotic Ancient Insects were written in detail.

Most of the Exotic Insects had their particular restraining methods. For example, Earth List No.13, Blood Aphids. Even though they moved towards the smell of blood and were extremely small, even invisible to the naked eye and undetectable with Divine Sense, they were incredibly weak to fire. Any Fire Attribute Secret Technique would be enough to force them to retreat.

And also, there was Earth List No.36, Steel Ants. Even though they were the nemesis of artifacts, they were afraid of a strange type of stone called Moonstone. If the Steel Ants ingest this Moonstone, then they would melt into a thick puddle of water in a few moments, dying a clean death.

The key point is that Moonstones weren’t a precious material. They were mostly used for illumination and did not have much use as an artifact refining material, so it was quite easy to acquire in the Star Boundary.

Yang Kai deliberately searched for a method to restrain the Soul Devouring Insects.

The Insect Emperor only provided two methods. One was to kill them using Conflagrated Spiritual Energy when they were very weak, and the second was to suppress them. Since they will no longer be afraid of Conflagrated Knowledge Seas after they grew to a certain extent, they were basically unkillable. Besides suppressing them, there was no other way to deal with them.

After going through the book, Yang Kai gained a lot of information and now had some ideas on how he was going to deal with the Soul Devouring Insects he had.

Half a day later, Yang Kai closed the Exotic Insect Record.

Just like when it first appeared, it disappeared without warning. In a flash of light, it was no longer in this space.

But Yang Kai was now the owner of the Insect Enslavement Bracelet, so whenever he wanted to read the Exotic Insect Record again, he could call it out at any time.

Then, Yang Kai withdrew his Divine Sense and focused his mind. While unleashing the power of the Insect Enslavement Bracelet, he dragged out the Soul Devouring Insects inside the Soul Warming Lotus in an attempt to transfer them into the Insect Enslavement Bracelet.

The Soul Devouring Insects he had before were not a problem for him. Even though they were unruly in the Divine Ascension World, these Soul Devouring Insects were now obedient under the suppression of the Insect Enslavement Bracelet’s aura and were quite easily transferred into the space of the Insect Enslavement Bracelet by Yang Kai.

It was the sealed Soul Devouring Insects that worried Yang Kai.

Even though the sealed light ball had the double insurance of a Great Emperor’s power as well as the World Force of the Divine Ascension Mirror’s Mirror Soul, Yang Kai still didn’t dare to take this task lightly.

It took a lot of effort for him to safely transfer them to the space inside the Insect Enslavement Bracelet.

Only then did he let out a sigh of relief.

Now that there were no more Soul Devouring Insects inside his body, he didn’t have anything to worry about anymore.

The two batches of Soul Devouring Insects were transferred in by Yang Kai and placed into an unused jar.

These jars were vessels made by the Insect Emperor from some extremely precious materials and were specifically designed to rear Exotic Insects.

The dangerous aura that Yang Kai perceived from the other jars were all from the Exotic Insects left behind by the Insect Emperor back then. Even though ten thousand years had passed, being nurtured by the special power present inside the bracelet, these Exotic Insects did not get weaker and instead grew even more powerful than before.

Yang Kai did not dare to release them.

These Exotic Insects were not raised by him, so Yang Kai did not have the confidence that he could control them. If they did not obey his orders after they were released, it would be like dropping a stone he tried to move on his foot.

He could only wait for his strength to improve in the future before gradually giving it a try.

Right now, the most critical matter was to deal with the Soul Devouring Insects.

The two batches of Soul Devouring Insects were placed into one jar, and Yang Kai sealed the jar properly before circulating his Divine Sense. Forming seals with both hands, Yang Kai unlocked the seal on these insects using the technique Tian Yan taught him.

The next moment, a buzzing sound came out from the jar.

Yang Kai listened to it for a moment and he could not help but pale slightly.

He could clearly sense the two groups of Soul Devouring Insects were like two armies at this moment, slaughtering each other in a world-shaking fight.

However, since the difference in strength between the two groups was not very big, the fight was particularly fierce and bloody. There seemed to be a reign of terror inside this jar.

But Yang Kai was not worried about this.

The Exotic Insect Record also stated that this was one method the Soul Devouring Insects used to survive and evolve.

They do not think, but move based on their instincts.

Just like Poison Arts, the Poison Refiner will place some venomous creatures in one space and have them kill each other. The one that survives at the end would be the most powerful one.

The evolutionary growth of the Soul Devouring Insects was exactly the same. They were driven by instincts and could not be restrained by any means.

However, this evolutionary process could also be stimulated by an external force.

Considering all this, Yang Kai withdrew his Divine Sense from the Insect Enslavement Bracelet and opened the barriers around the cave mansion with a wave of the token in his hand, flying out.

A short while later, he arrived at the peak of Purple Bamboo Peak. Looking around, he quickly found Gao Xue Ting’s cave mansion.

Flying over, Yang Kai stood outside the cave mansion and just as he was about to shout for her, Gao Xue Ting’s voice suddenly came from inside. “Come in!”

Yang Kai was stunned, but a slightly touched expression emerged on his face.

Gao Xue Ting was able to detect his presence so quickly, firstly because of how powerful her cultivation was, and secondly because she must have been monitoring his movements all this time.

This wasn’t surveillance, however, but a form of protection.

She likely heard some news from Wen Zi Shan, and that was why her attention never slacked during this time.

Yang Kai did not say anything and flew straight into her cave mansion.

After going through several turns in the cave, Yang Kai soon arrived at a stone room.

This was likely the place where Gao Xue Ting lived and rested.

Looking around, Yang Kai was surprised to find that the cave mansion’s interior was very simple with hardly any furnishings. There was only a cultivation mat and a bamboo bed. Nothing else could be seen besides that. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Gao Xue Ting was currently sitting atop her bamboo bed, looking indifferently at him.