Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2265 , Prevented from Breakthrough

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Liu Yan did not have a physical body, so apart from swallowing and refining certain exotic flames, she was unable to directly absorb World Energy to increase her cultivation.

This was the reason why Yang Kai asked her to stand guard.

After Liu Yan hid, Yang Kai stretched out his hand again and released his two Blood Beasts, the Monster Insect Queen and Blue Flame Thunder Wolf, which had not been used for a while now.

With the improvement of his cultivation, the role these two Blood Beasts could play was getting lower and lower, especially the Blue Flame Thunder Wolf which was only as strong as a Second-Order Dao Source Realm cultivator. It was useless against strong enemies, but also unnecessary to use against weak enemies. However, it could be of use here and now.

With a pulse of his Divine Sense, Yang Kai ordered the two Blood Beasts to conceal themselves nearby before he also sat down with his legs crossed.

The fluctuations of his Source Qi were getting stronger and more prominent, which was a prelude to a breakthrough. Yang Kai focused his mind and ignored all the external influences as he began circulating his Secret Art.

Being here, in this underground, was like sitting on a Spirit Spring, so even without consciously circulating his Secret Art, the ambient World Energy would unendingly converge towards his body, flooding into his pores and making its way along his meridians to his Dantian.

As time passed, Yang Kai continued accumulating Qi inside himself.

At a certain moment, the Source Qi in his body reached a critical point and a kind of invisible wall that was baring his path shattered, allowing Yang Kai to take one more step forward.

Remaining unflustered, Yang Kai quietly gathered all of his strength and used it to bombard the shackles still holding him back.

*Hong... *

With a bang, Yang Kai’s body trembled slightly and his face paled, showing a hint of pain on his face.

Beyond his expectations, this impact failed to have any effect.

This was something that he has rarely encountered since he began cultivating. Yang Kai had only experienced this when he was still very weak, so this failure actually gave him a feeling of nostalgia. Not panicking, Yang Kai simply grinned lightly.

This breakthrough was not induced by internal accumulation but instead was triggered by external stimulation, so it was only natural for there to be some difficulties. However, these difficulties could not stop Yang Kai and only further ignited his fighting spirit.

Remaining calm and composed, Yang Kai gathered his strength once more.

A moment later, he made another attempt.

*Hong Hong Hong... *

Again and again, Yang Kai pushed his Source Qi, each time enduring a sharp pain in his body and Soul that would render an ordinary man unconscious. If he were to give up now though, his Martial Heart would be damaged, and making further progress in the future would become impossible.

Countless cultivators started to doubt themselves because they were unable to bear this pain and became demoralized.

The only way for the cultivators to reach the peak was to persist.

The unceasing pain did not diminish Yang Kai’s confidence, nor did it cause him to panic, all it did was reinforce his will.

“Dao begets one, one begets two, two begets three, three forms the basis for everything... Fate is made by oneself, the state is born from the heart, everything is transformed from form, and everything lives among the world. Illusions are born from the heart, and extinguished by the heart...”

A trace of comprehension leisurely appeared in Yang Kai’s mind as he reached a kind of enlightened state.

A layer of formless force lingered around his body, transforming into a kind of ethereal power that ground away at the shackles holding him down while at the same time smashing the ceiling above him, allowing Yang Kai to step out into a wider world.

*Honglong...*

A visible wave of Source Qi, with Yang Kai’s body as its centre, suddenly spread out in all directions, and the aura of a Second-Order Dao Source Realm Master instantly filled the air.

Yang Kai did not move at all as a strange feeling was born in his heart. His Soul Avatar seemed to emerge from his figure at that moment and slowly float up above his body, capturing everything underneath with its eyes.

Yang Kai clearly saw Liu Yan hiding nearby, holding the Sealed World Bead as Liquid Spirit Qi flowed into it, bolstering its World Energy. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Perhaps, due to some inexplicable connection between Yang Kai and Liu Yan, her beautiful eyes looked up in the direction of Yang Kai in bewilderment as she formed a slight frown on her face.

Yang Kai saw Hua Qing Si inhaling World Energy madly, laying a solid foundation for her breakthrough to the Emperor Realm.

Turning his attention towards Zhang Ruo Xi, Yang Kai saw that her cultivation was steadily increasing. Within just this short period of time, she had already reached the Origin King Realm and was now experiencing a World Energy Baptism.

Just like the last time when Zhang Ruo Xi broke through to the Origin Returning Realm in the Four Seasons Realm, the huge female phantom appeared behind her as she reached a new Great Realm.

This phantom was giant, white, and hazy, but looking at its silhouette, it was clearly a beautiful woman. This woman had a graceful figure and was holding a giant sword in front of her in both hands. She had a pair of beautiful eyes as mesmerizing as stars, sending Yang Kai’s Divine Sense into a trance with just one glance.

The giant phantom opened her mouth and breathed in suddenly, absorbing all the World Energy which had gathered in the sky for a baptism, then withdrew into Zhang Ruo Xi’s body.

The young girl broke through to the Origin King Realm just like that, without any obstacles or danger.

Yang Kai also witnessed many Dao Source Realm Masters breaking through their own bottlenecks. Some of them laughed crazily while others were focused on trying to break free from their shackles to reach the next Minor Realm.

Yang Kai’s Soul Avatar continued to float up and rose several thousand metres in an instant. Lifting his eyes, Yang Kai was able to see Maplewood City two thousand kilometres away. At this moment, the city was buzzing in excitement, looking extremely lively and magnificent.

In the sky, many clusters of gathering World Energy had turned into visible clouds and were baptizing the ones who were attempting to break through to new Great Realms.

From time to time, someone would break through successfully and roar victoriously.

Yang Kai gazed farther away as his Soul Avatar continued to rise.

Soon, Maplewood City had become a small black dot, and when Yang Kai looked upward, the night sky was full of twinkling stars, forming various constellations.

In the darkness, the World Principles of the Star Boundary seemed to be within reach.

Yang Kai’s face changed as he reached out his hand to the surrounding world and tried to grab hold of these mysterious Principles.

It seemed like he had caught nothing, but at the same time also like he was able to touch something.

Yang Kai was confused, but at that moment, a formless World Force abruptly plunged down from the sky and landed on top of Yang Kai’s head, bringing with it unimaginable force and terrifying destructive energy.

“Not good!” Yang Kai exclaimed, pushing his Soul hard as he hastily descended back to his physical body.

*Hong... *

The World Force followed him closely and crashed onto him.

As if he was struck by lightning, Yang Kai’s face changed drastically and his Source Qi shook uncontrollably.

*Pu... *

He spat out a puff of Golden Blood from his mouth and his aura was instantly weakened; however, his eyes remained as bright as the stars.

“What was that?” Yang Kai lifted his head and grinned towards the Heavens, “Is this some kind of warning that one cannot peek at World Principles before they obtain enough strength?”

He was confident that if it was not for the World Principles’ suppression, he would have been able to catch a glimpse of the truth behind Principle Strength.

If that was the case, he would have been able to utilize Principle Strength directly, which was ordinarily a privilege only Emperor Realm Masters possessed.

Unfortunately, he was hindered by the World Principles at the last moment and fell short. It seemed the world itself was forbidding him from achieving success ahead of time.

However, that didn’t mean Yang Kai gained nothing from this experience.

After a round of swearing, Yang Kai bowed his head again and opened his hands. As he moved his fingers about, Space Principles began to gather around his hand and numerous tiny Void Cracks flowed across his fingertips like little living creatures swimming around his palm.

Yang Kai found that his ability to motivate the surrounding Space Principles was much higher now than before.

Just as he flicked his fingers, those numerous tiny Void Cracks flew out like darts, plunged into the surrounding stone walls, carving cracks into many of them.

Yang Kai grinned and there was a trace of satisfaction on his face.

Back then, he could not manipulate Space Principles to such a subtle degree, but now he could do so easily.

This kind of attack was still weaker compared to his Moon Blade in terms of power, but it was harder for the enemies to evade. As such, it would be more effective than Moon Blade in some situations.

Next, Yang Kai immediately examined his own cultivation and realized he had already made a breakthrough to the Second-Order Dao Source Realm. He finally put down the last worries in his heart and began taking some pills.

Although the impact of the World Force just now did not hurt him too much, he still could not ignore it. Who knows if this kind of injury would have any side effects? So it was better to get it treated as soon as possible.

While Yang Kai was healing himself, Qin Zhao Yang had already gathered his own power to its peak and soon his body shook as a wave of Source Qi spread out from him. At the same time, his aura rose up and his robes flapped loudly.

In the next moment, the wrinkles on Qin Zhao Yang’s face faded away slowly as he relaxed. In an instant, he seemed to become a dozen years younger and his complexion gradually became rosy. Even his head full of white hair began to show some black streaks in it now.

Second-Order Dao Source Realm!

Qin Zhao Yang made a breakthrough too!

He did not rush to open his eyes and instead continued to sit in place, absorbing the surrounding World Energy to consolidate his cultivation.

Time passed slowly.

At a certain moment, a cultivator who was at a critical point in his breakthrough suddenly frowned suspiciously.

A moment later, the aura coming from his body abruptly deflated like a punctured balloon.

After such a change, he instantly opened his eyes and yelled in anger, “What’s wrong? I was on the verge of breaking through just now! Why did the surrounding World Energy suddenly decrease?”

He only began to break through here due to the richness of the surrounding World Energy, so when that same World Energy density lowered, he was unable to reach a critical point, causing his breakthrough to fail.

“Brother Liu, is it the same for you?” A man nearby spoke, “I thought it was just me.”

“Something’s not right, the surrounding World Energy was overflowing crazily just now so how could it drop so low all of a sudden? Even if a few Emperor Realm Masters appeared, they could not possibly have absorbed such a massive volume of World Energy in such a short time.”

“Is there some bastard down below blocking the Spirit Spring?” Another voice spoke out.

“Speaking of it, I thought I saw someone jump down there, maybe that’s why.”

“Who is this wicked bastard!? This is too much!”

“Let’s go and check. If I find that person, I’ll make him suffer for this! How dare he stop me from breaking through!”