Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2330 , Weakness

Translator: Silavin & frozenfire

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

[No, something is wrong!] Yang Kai’s expression changed slightly after coming to a sudden realization.

A genuine Corpse Puppet should possess some of the Divine Abilities and Secret Techniques from its previous life; however, ever since it had started to move, Yang Kai had not seen this Corpse Puppet display any powerful moves at all. All of its attacks were either simple and straightforward punches or releasing Corpse Poison out when forced into a corner.

He had yet to see it displaying the unique strengths of a Corpse Puppet.

The Corpse Puppet before him... Seemed like a flawed product! Yang Kai came to this sudden realization.

In other words, this Corpse Puppet was unfinished, a failure that had not been refined to completion. Thinking more about it, Yang Kai felt he was right on the dot. Regardless of a cultivator’s strength, even if they were at the Third-Order Emperor Realm, they couldn’t endure all the pain and suffering from refining their body into a puppet. Even a slight change in refining conditions would cause the refining process to fail.

Yang Kai guessed that the previous Thousand Leaves Sect Master was unable to finish the refining process, resulting in him becoming a failed product.

Having considered all of these, a tremor shook through Yang Kai’s mind.

If this was a genuine Third-Order Emperor Realm Corpse Puppet, he would have utterly no chance of obtaining victory. However, if it was a failure, a flawed product, it wasn’t impossible to triumph. The only thing he needed to do now was to find and attack its weak spot.

Considering all of this, Yang Kai hastily shouted out, “You two hold it down and buy some time for me.”

After saying that, Yang Kai immediately activated his Demon Eye of Annihilation before taking a detailed look at the Corpse Puppet. Golden light blossomed from his left eye as everything came into view for him, enabling him to see the Corpse Puppet’s inner workings and construction.

Although Liu Yan and the Embodiment did not know what Yang Kai was planning, they managed to glean some information from the tone Yang Kai had used. In the next instant, Liu Yan proceeded to unleash her flames at the Corpse Puppet without restraint to contend against its Corpse Poison.

Jumping up, the Embodiment stomped the ground. This time, he did not dare to rush directly at the Corpse Puppet. Instead, he proceeded to extend a fist towards the ground beneath and clench it tightly. In the next instant, Earth Principles started to fluctuate before the ground beneath him turned into quicksand and gathered around him.

In the blink of an eye, a spear made of Earth that appeared to be capable of propping up Heaven formed in his hand. Although this spear was composed fully of the surrounding Earth, due to the Principle Strength circulating around it, it was not one bit inferior to a Dao Source Grade Artifact.

Wielding the spear, the Embodiment proceeded to hurl it forwards.

*Hong...*

A vacuum visible to the naked eye formed as the spear smashed straight into the Corpse Puppet. A flurry of sparks accompanied loud metallic clangs as they erupted from its body.

Nevertheless, that strike only managed to leave a tiny dent on its body, and was not able to pierce through it.

“It’s this tough?” The Embodiment cried out in shock.

He was clear how destructive his attack was, and was absolutely sure it would be able to severely injure Emperor Realms Masters. However, it was utterly useless against this Corpse Puppet! This showed exactly how tough the Corpse Puppet’s body was; it was even more outstanding than an Emperor Grade Defensive Artifact.

[If an attack like that was incapable of harming it, how will we be able to contend against it?] The Embodiment started to get a headache just thinking about this.

Nevertheless, it seemed that the earlier strike had infuriated the Corpse Puppet. After the spear that had struck its body had shattered apart, the Corpse Puppet let off a furious roar before spewing Corpse Poison at an even more furious rate. Originally, it was in a deadlock with Liu Yan’s flames; however, at this moment, the dark green Corpse Poison was advancing towards Liu Yan at a rapid pace visible to the naked eye, with her flames seemingly incapable of contending against it.

The Embodiment’s face changed drastically upon seeing this. Extending his hand into the void, he grasped. In the next instant, a gigantic War Hammer appeared abruptly in his hand. A dense, jet black and malevolent aura gushed out and circled around it, bringing forth the darkest and most negative emotions present at the depth of everyone’s hearts, causing them to tremble in fear!

The Demonic Armament War Hammer!

This was a Demonic weapon wielded by the giant demon from ancient antiquity. Wrapped in Demon Qi, it had already gained sentience and had been tossed into the Sealed World Bead by Yang Kai for the Embodiment to look after. Who knew that the Embodiment had actually managed to refine it!

However, from the looks of it, the Embodiment didn’t seem to have completely refined it yet. That was because the Embodiment’s eyes started to tremble intensely upon summoning the War Hammer. In the next instant, they turned into a blood-red shade that was brimming with violent tendencies. Clearly, he was being affected by the Ancient Demon Qi present within the war hammer.

The jet-black aura proceeded to twine around the Embodiment’s large arm like a living creature, continuing to extend out across his body, gradually turning his body a jet-black shade.

With the War Hammer in his hand, the Embodiment’s aura immediately soared. In the blink of an eye, he seemed to have transformed into that ancient Giant Demon, standing arrogantly as he looked down on everyone under the Heavens with contempt.

All of the World Energy within this Sealed World started to hum and vibrate as the World Principles descended into chaos.

These changes left Yang Kai utterly dumbstruck.

He was completely in the dark about the Embodiment having started to refine this War Hammer; however, looking at the Embodiment’s condition, Yang Kai knew that he had to finish this fight as soon as possible. If not, when the Demon Qi dyed the Embodiment completely black, he would become the puppet of the War Hammer.

As this thought appeared, he no longer dared to hesitate and proceeded to focus fully on finding the Corpse Puppet’s weaknesses.

On the other side, the Embodiment had already raised his War Hammer, shaking slightly as he took aim at the Corpse Puppet.

Seemingly sensing that something was amiss, the Corpse Puppet, which was being pressed into the cliffside, started to howl in exertion as it attempted to move away from its current position.

However, before it could make any movements, the Embodiment had already cleaved his War Hammer downwards.

The War Hammer sliced through the air as though it did not exist. It appeared as though it had pierced through ancient antiquity, smashing through space and time, causing the world to turn chaotic.

The War Hammer slammed down right onto the Corpse Puppet’s body.

*Hong long long...*

The cliffside was split apart, leaving a fissure so wide it appeared as though the world had been broken apart. Violent energies wreaked havoc where the War Hammer had passed by, destroying the Earth as though it was tofu, leaving deep intersecting gulches as the surrounding space turned chaotic.

Liu Yan had long fled before the strike landed. Nevertheless, the powerful chaotic energy storm rampaging behind her still managed to affect her to the point of threatening to devour her into its midst. In a moment of panic, she had no choice but to transform into her human form, and with a flicker, barely managed to extricate herself.

After launching that strike, the towering aura radiating from the Embodiment disappeared abruptly as he swayed about from where he stood. Just a single glance was enough to see how much that strike had exhausted him.

Not only that, the black Qi that had wrapped around his arm started to extend across his body at an exceedingly fast pace.

“What a blunder!” The Embodiment did not expect that this Demonic Armament War Hammer would exhaust so much of his strength. If he had been aware, he would not have used it at this moment.

Having underestimated the price he had to pay to use this Demonic Armament War Hammer, he was now being encroached on by the Ancient Demon Qi.

Right at this critical moment, Yang Kai appeared before the Embodiment with a flicker. Exchanging glances, there was no need for them to communicate through words to know what was going through each other’s minds.

In the next instant, Yang Kai released his Divine Sense, sending the Embodiment and his War Hammer into the Sealed World Bead, by the side of the medicine garden.

With a shift of her body, Liu Yan arrived by Yang Kai’s side. Shifting her beautiful eyes to look into the distance, she spoke out in a worried tone, “Master...”

Having lost the support from the Embodiment, she was incapable of dealing with the powerful Corpse Puppet alone, making it unavoidable for feelings of worry to rise within her heart.

With a grin, Yang Kai replied, “Don’t worry. I’ve already found its weak spot.”

Liu Yan finally felt relieved after hearing his words.

In the deep gorge before them, the Corpse Puppet had fallen on its face. Although the earlier Heaven shaking strike by the Embodiment had drained him of all his strength, having paid such a high price to launch it, the Corpse Puppet naturally didn’t escape unscathed.

As it struggled to stand up, Liu Yan immediately discovered that there was a massive wound present on the body of the Corpse Puppet. The wound started from the shoulder and extended down all the way to its leg. The edges of the wound were moving about as Corpse Poison seeped out from within. There was not a single trace of blood present, though she was able to see its bones within the wound.

At a certain location, she seemed to be able to make out an extremely complex pattern that was sparkling with a luminous glow.

Liu Yan immediately understood that it was the centre of all of the arrays present within the body of the Corpse Puppet. If they were able to break this core, the Corpse Puppet would no longer be able to move. Previously, due to its incredibly tough and powerful body, they were unable to see what was within it; however, the Embodiment’s strike had revealed this weak point in a single blow.

It could be said that the Embodiment had achieved a great feat with that strike.

“Back off a bit.” As he said those words, Yang Kai had already shot straight towards the Corpse Puppet.

Despite its severe injury, Yang Kai did not dare to act recklessly against the Corpse Puppet; after all, no matter how severe an injury it had sustained, being a lifeless puppet, the injury would not affect its combat power as long as its weakness was not targeted.

Any carelessness would result in unrecoverable circumstances for Yang Kai.

Along the way, Yang Kai’s hand shifted slightly, before a faint bluish circular bead the size of a pigeon egg appeared within his fingers. The bead appeared unassuming and inconspicuous, yet a silver arc of hair-raising lightning danced faintly within it.

Annihilation Thunder Bead!

One of the two Emperor Artifacts Yang Yan had left behind.

Ever since he arrived at the Star Boundary, Yang Kai had not used the Annihilation Thunder Bead. The first reason was him not daring to reveal its existence, with the second being that there were no strong enemies that required him to use it.

However, the Corpse Puppet was absolutely qualified for its usage.

Therefore, he was prepared to use this trump card to neutralize the Corpse Puppet.

During the earlier long-range bombardment, Yang Kai had remained behind until the Corpse Puppet had seemingly been knocked down by the Embodiment’s strike. From the looks of it, it would take a while for it to recover. As it staggered about while standing back up, Yang Kai had already travelled to a suitable location and poured all of his Source Qi into the Annihilation Thunder Bead without restraint.

Unlike other Emperor Artifacts, Yang Kai was able to use the Annihilation Thunder Bead even when he was just an Origin Returning Realm cultivator. However, the might that this Emperor Artifact could unleash depended on the cultivation realm of its user. Therefore, the stronger the user’s cultivation was, the greater might they could unleash from it.

When he was an Origin Realm cultivator, Yang Kai’s complete effort allowed him to destroy an Origin King with it. Currently, being in the Second-Order Dao Source Realm, the might he could unleash was night and day when compared to his past self.

As he unleashed his Source Qi, Yang Kai’s face suddenly turned pale. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

It felt like the Annihilation Thunder Bead had turned into a black hole, with an extremely powerful suction force coming from within, as though it was finally able to eat after starving for countless years, greedily devouring the Source Qi Yang Kai was channelling into it.

Shock filled his heart, though he did not dare to stop, leaving him no choice but to clench his teeth and continue sending his Source Qi into it.