Chapter 2364 , Swallowing Heaven and Earth

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai’s red eye was covered in blood, and everything he saw turned into a golden colour, which was the injury sustained from having his Pupil Technique broken.

However, he just casually wiped it with his hand before coldly snorting, “I’ll send you off!”

As his hands opened and closed, a huge Moon Blade sharp on all edges formed, blasting towards Yao Chang Jun. The Moon Blade was just like the reaper’s scythe, crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood wherever it passed.

Yao Chang Jun, who was currently running berserk could sense a dangerous aura approaching, forcefully enduring the piercing pain in his head and raised his hand, the Five-Coloured Spear reappearing in his palm, and took a step forward. With one throw, the five-coloured light instantly shot out.

*Hong hong hong...*

As the light clashed with the Moon Blade, the violence of the impact was enough to make the world turn white. The newly-formed islands within a radius of several kilometres quickly crumbled under the impact.

The Moon Blade disappeared together with the profound five-coloured light. With an expression of madness on his face, Yao Chang Jun took advantage of this situation to make his move. His face was filled with deep hatred etched into it, and, with his Soul breaking apart, he had nothing to lose in the face of death at this moment. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Yang Kai frowned and bellowed, “Instead of resisting, why don’t you just be good and die?!”

He also did not expect Yao Chang Jun to be so resilient even after the collapse of his Knowledge Sea. It seemed like he had still underestimated the capabilities of a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master. If Yao Chang Jun were to really be in peak condition, then even if Yang Kai unsealed the Demon Qi, he would still not be his opponent.

Sure enough, no Master who could reach this level of cultivation was a simple person.

“Hammer!” Yang Kai reached out towards the air and a hammer suddenly appeared in his hand.

[Demonic Armament War Hammer!]

This Demonic Armament was supposed to belong to that Ancient Demon and had been sealed under Maplewood City’s Eighteen Stars Grand Array for millennia. It was filled with terrifying demonic power. Back when Yang Kai obtained it, he threw it into the Sealed World Bead and passed it to Embodiment for him to refine and use. Even as strong as Yang Kai was, he didn’t dare to have any ideas about this weapon lest its Demonic Energy agitate the Demonic Qi sealed in his body.

But this was the perfect moment to use it.

War Hammer in hand, a strange feeling came over Yang Kai.

This Demonic Armament War Hammer seemed to come to life in his grip, clearly conveying a hum of excitement and joy. It resonated perfectly with the Demon Qi inside Yang Kai’s body, allowing him to wield it as he wished without the need to refine it.

With the War Hammer in hand, Yang Kai seemed to be able to see the Ancient Demon standing alone and fighting a great war against mighty ancient human forces on its own, shattering Heaven and Earth, felling the ancient powerhouses one by one whilst the Ancient Demon stood with its head in the clouds and feet on the earth, eyeing the world surrounded by murderous aura, leaving no one standing but itself!

Yang Kai, who was originally feeling restless due to the influence of the Demon Qi, inexplicably calmed down, suddenly feeling a sense of superiority amongst all others.

Yao Chang Jun who was pouncing aggressively at him was as ridiculous to him as an ant.

Yang Kai looked down at his opponent with scorn as he slowly raised the War Hammer in his hand, a mysterious trace of Principle Strength stirring up with it.

Yao Chang Jun’s face suddenly paled.

He had no idea what had just happened to Yang Kai, but when he suddenly took out the hammer-looking artifact, his entire demeanour and aura changed.

In the darkness, he seemed to have seen an unsurpassable mountain spread out before him. No matter how hard Yao Chang Jun tried, he would not be able to see the view behind this giant mountain.

He panicked all of a sudden.

He wanted to retreat, but the arrow on the bow had no choice but to be released. The Emperor Qi in Yao Chang Jun’s body was rioting right now, so if he retreated at this point, then even without Yang Kai having to do anything, his Dao Heart would still instantly collapse.

A faint murderous intent lingered around his body that grew denser and clearer as he got closer, almost materializing into substance, cutting painful streaks over his skin.

[I’ll die! I’m definitely going to die!]

This thought inexplicably came into Yao Chang Jun’s mind, the chaos in his Soul which was already on the verge of collapse reaching a critical point and suddenly cracking apart.

“AHH!” Yao Chang Jun howled out in madness, “Even if I die, this Old Master will take you with him!”

With these words, he poured all his strength into the Five-Coloured Spear, enveloping his body with five-coloured light. His previous hesitation was completely gone, and he instead grew determined.

His peak strength was unleashed into this one blow, and Yao Chang Jun’s eyes which were originally clouded with panic now shone brightly at this moment.

Face devoid of emotion, Yang Kai slammed the War Hammer down.

The will of the War Hammer coalesced from the rampaging murderous intent and crashed towards Yao Chang Jun.

With a loud bang, a dark light erupted on this nameless sea as if it were devouring Heaven and Earth.

At the same time, another five-coloured light also bloomed, resisting the dark light.

Two different coloured lights collided and competed against each other. The wind and clouds above the sea were stirred up for a moment and the islands which were already in a state of collapse disintegrated into dust, leaving no trace behind. The waterspouts nearby were also impacted by the huge eruption and scattered.

Immense waves surged up around a radius of several thousand kilometres and countless fish-type Monster Beasts living in the sea were vaporized and disappeared.

A deep crater spanning several thousand meters appeared on the surface of the sea at the centre of those two colliding forces. The seawater within that crater seemed to have evaporated in an instant.

The deadlock lasted only ten breaths before the black light burst forth and devoured the five-coloured light.

“By what rights have the damnable Heavens allowed this!? This Old Master is unwilling!”

As a roar resounded through the clouds, the dust began to settle.

The dark and five-coloured lights filling the world were gone and the huge depression on the surface of the sea was gradually filled up by the seawater gushing over from its sides while a heavy rain poured down. Only the energy fluctuations still remaining served as proof that a great battle had just taken place here.

Yao Chang Jun had disappeared, and so did Yang Kai. Only a longan-sized bead was left that slowly sank into the depths of the sea.

Inside the Sealed World Bead, Yang Kai rushed towards the medicine garden at once. His body was as black as ink while indescribable Demon Crests were practically crawling over his entire body.

Liu Yan also rushed over at the same time. When she saw Yang Kai’s condition, she was so scared that she immediately ran away.

It wasn’t that she didn’t dare to stay, but rather that she couldn’t.

Even though Yang Kai was able to keep a shred of his consciousness, who knows how long that shred of consciousness could last? If she were to stay here, her presence would only aggravate Yang Kai’s condition.

Next to the medicine garden, Yang Kai sat down cross-legged while barely holding onto his consciousness. With a slight movement of his mind, he began stripping the gold and silver seals from the Firmament Tree.

The last time he transformed like this, he borrowed the Firmament Tree’s sealing power in order to lock away the Demon Qi. More than two years had passed since the last time so reasonably speaking, it was impossible that the Firmament Tree’s sealing power would have grown so quickly.

But there was a massive amount of Heavy Earth below this medicine garden, and five Earth Vein Crystals, so one year of growth here was equivalent to a hundred in the outside world.

In other words, the Firmament Tree had two hundred years worth of sealing power now, which should be enough to seal this Demon Qi.

Under Yang Kai’s control, the gold and silver-coloured energy were slowly stripped from the Firmament Tree before flowing towards his body, sinking into his dantian and suppressing the frenzying Demon Qi.

He had at least experienced this once before, so Yang Kai was familiar with the process.

As time passed, the Demon Qi was sealed more and more. Yang Kai also slowly got rid of the effects of the demonization and gradually restored his consciousness.

Three days later, as the last trace of sealing power was pulled into his body, the Demon Qi was finally sealed up without a single trace leaking out.

Yang Kai let out a long sigh.

He was really afraid that something would go wrong during the sealing process this time. The power he received from unlocking the seal was undoubtedly much stronger than last time, but it was a good thing that the sealing power of the Firmament Tree had also become much firmer. If not for this, the consequences would have been unthinkable.

After dealing with the snake in the grass, Yang Kai began checking on his own injuries.

During the battle with Yao Chang Jun, he seemed to have the absolute upper hand and was even able to deal with the old man in just a few moves after the transformation; however, Yao Chang Jun’s final counterattack before his death still caused a lot of damage to Yang Kai.

In the end, his opponent was a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master. If Yang Kai had not destroyed his opponent’s Knowledge Sea from the outset of the battle, then how could he have been killed so easily?

Who knows how many bones Yang Kai had broken in his body, but the blood on the surface of his skin had already dried as if he were wearing a layer of blood as clothes. But what saddened Yang Kai the most was the fact that his meridians were now damaged.

Fortunately, he had the Immortal Tree in the medicine garden. Even the Twin Heavenly Restoration Lotus was no match for the Immortal Tree in terms of healing power, not to mention that his own restorative abilities were extremely strong to begin with. Yang Kai didn’t need any other medicines.

Half a day later, Yang Kai regained his vigour. Shaking off the bloodied clothes on his body, he changed into a fresh set of robes.

Thinking back to his battle with Yao Chang Jun inevitably made Yang Kai feel a little anxious.

He was able to take this old monster out using the power of the Demon Qi this time, but what about the next? If he were to unlock the seal again, then it wouldn’t be something two hundred years of sealing power alone could deal with.

It may take three hundred, four hundred, or even more years of sealing strength.

In other words, the Firmament Tree would have to grow inside the medicine garden for at least three years before it had enough sealing power to allow Yang Kai to unlock the seal again.

With such a long time, who knows whether Yang Kai would encounter any powerful enemies.

If only he had a drop of Supreme Divine Water! Supreme Divine Water was a divine product of nature that could quickly mature spirit herbs without any drawbacks. One drop of Supreme Divine Water could definitely grant the Firmament Tree three hundred, or even thousands of years of sealing power...

Unfortunately, Supreme Divine Water was so precious that Yang Kai had only seen it once in his life. It was the drop found at the Flowing Time Temple which was ultimately acquired by Murong Xiao Xiao.

It was part of the inheritance left behind by the Flowing Time Great Emperor, so who knows whether Supreme Divine Water still existed elsewhere in the Star Boundary.

Yang Kai made up his mind that he would definitely not unlock the Demon Qi’s seal in the next three to four years unless he could find Supreme Divine Water to nurture the Firmament Tree.

Considering all this, his mind instantly cleared up and he felt refreshed.

He planted the two Heavenly Restoration Lotuses he found in his medicine garden and dusted his hands off before standing up.

Even though the white Heavenly Restoration Lotus had been picked by Liu Xian Yun quite some time ago, it was well-preserved, so the medicinal efficacies were not diminished, nor were the roots damaged. Once it was planted in the medicine garden and enveloped by the vitality of the Immortal Tree, it would definitely come to life again.

The Twin Heavenly Restoration Lotuses were very valuable and Yang Kai didn’t have any use for them yet, so he did not bother to refine the Twin Heavenly Restoration Pill at this moment.