Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2372, Failed

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Five hundred kilometres away, Ling Yin Qin sighed inwardly, “As expected, he failed...”

The Heavenly Manifestation that was so powerful disappeared without a trace in just a moment; that was clearly a sign that the breakthrough had failed, so who knew if Yang Kai was alive or dead right now. Ling Yin Qin felt sorry for Yang Kai at this moment. Even though she wasn’t close to him, to see a cultivator’s journey on the Martial Dao ending here with her own eyes still made her feel a little sad, like a fox mourning the death of the hare.

Inside the room, Liu Xian Yun who was kneeling and praying devoutly on the floor also went limp, blood draining from her pretty face.

Only after a long time passed did she stand up with gritted teeth and rush outside.

Whether Yang Kai was dead or alive, she still wanted to look for him. If he was still alive, she wanted to see him in person, but if he was dead, then she wanted to see his corpse with her own eyes. If not for her, Yang Kai would never have met with such misfortune. With his aptitude, he could smile arrogantly against the entire Star Boundary and achieve a towering name in time.

Liu Xian Yun had just rushed to the deck when she suddenly saw a large sea ship moving closer. This sea ship was even bigger and more magnificent than Ling Yin Qin and her crew’s. They had to brave through the winds and the billows of the sea, yet they didn’t give off any presence at all, so nobody knew when they had approached. By the time Liu Xian Yun discovered them, the distance between the two ships was already quite short.

Liu Xian Yun looked over just in time to see the deck of the approaching ship was full of cultivators, headed by a man in purple ropes, glaring down at them without any kind intentions, like a tiger watching its prey.

Ling Yin Qin and the others all came out onto the deck after this late realization, and when they saw the banner that the opposite ship was flying, all their faces sank.

The question of whether Yang Kai was alive or dead had completely occupied Liu Xian Yun’s mind, so she didn’t have the leisure to care about this at all and was ready to fly out; however, the expression on the purple-clothed man deepened and with a wave of his hand, he sent a palm print flying over without moving himself.

.....

On the island, Yang Kai waited until Zhang Ruo Xi opened her eyes before he slowly flew over. Landing in front of Zhang Ruo Xi, he asked anxiously, “Are you feeling any discomfort?”

“Discomfort?” Zhang Ruo Xi looked confused before she shook her head, “Not at all!” Then, she beamed, saying innocently and cutely, “Sir, I’ve broken through to the Dao Source Realm!”

A few years ago, she never would have thought that she would one day be able to reach the Dao Source Realm, standing at such a great height; after all, the strongest member of the Zhang Family back then was only a Third-Order Origin King. It had been centuries since her family produced a Dao Source Realm cultivator, but her cultivation had been growing at a rapid rate since Yang Kai took her away from the Zhang Family, achieving in just a few years what generations of the Zhang Family had not been able to do.

This level of cultivation could already give her a stable foothold in Maplewood City, back then.

Zhang Ruo Xi felt extremely grateful towards Yang Kai. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

She knew that if Yang Kai had not provided her with such a good and stable cultivation environment, then this feat would have been impossible for her. She also knew that if Yang Kai had not unearthed the cultivation talent inside of her, even if she cultivated for the rest of her life, she would never have been able to explore the mysteries of the Dao Source Realm.

But now, at the tender age of seventeen, she had become a Dao Source Realm Master. She had plenty of good years ahead of her, and even had the opportunity to aspire towards becoming an Emperor, possibly even taking a glimpse at the secrets of the Great Emperor Realm!

Zhang Ruo Xi’s heart pounded in excitement.

“Give me your hand!” Yang Kai came to her side. Even though he didn’t sense anything off from Zhang Ruo Xi, he still felt a little worried and wanted to give her a thorough check.

Blushing slightly, Zhang Ruo Xi stretched out her soft arm that looked as tender as a lotus root.

Yang Kai put his finger on it and pushed a thread of Source Qi into her body to check her carefully.

A short while later, Yang Kai’s body shook and he stared at Zhang Ruo Xi in surprise, “How... How can this be?”

“What’s wrong, Sir? Is there something wrong with Ruo Xi?” Zhang Ruo Xi was shocked to see the astonished expression on his face and she herself was beginning to worry.

“No, it’s nothing!” Yang Kai hurriedly shook his head, worried that he would scare her silly. But his brows were frowning more and more and his face was filled with astonishment, as if he had discovered something unbelievable.

Zhang Ruo Xi did not move, but she could feel Yang Kai’s Source Qi running around inside her body. Even though Yang Kai controlled himself and didn’t move to any private areas, the feeling still caused Zhang Ruo Xi to blush red and quickly lowered her head to her chest.

She also knew that Yang Kai was just checking the condition inside her body and did not have any bad intentions, but that did little to abate her embarrassment.

A few moments later, Yang Kai withdrew his fingers and looked at Zhang Ruo Xi with an odd expression.

“Sir... What’s wrong with me?” Zhang Ruo Xi asked meekly.

“You’re fine,” Yang Kai answered. “Incredibly fine, in fact.”

Yang Kai originally thought that Zhang Ruo Xi would be affected by the Disruption Force in this world if she broke through to Dao Source Realm here, and had already prepared to bring this little girl into the Small Sealed World to recover. However, after examining her, Yang Kai found that there was not even a single hint of the Disruption Force inside her body.

The infinite Disruption Force that filled this world seemed to have evaporated after entering her body.

That in itself was unbelievable, but it still wasn’t enough to put Yang Kai out of sorts.

More importantly, Yang Kai discovered that the power inside of Zhang Ruo Xi’s body was actually dense Source Qi, without a hint of Saint Qi!

After a cultivator advanced to Dao Source Realm, their power would gradually transform from Saint Qi to Source Qi. It took Yang Kai nearly a year for his Qi to transform completely, and it was also pushed forward by consuming large amounts of Source Condensing Pills.

Like Chi Yue, Gui Zu, and Gu Cang Yun, even though they were all at First-Order Dao Source Realm, the power inside their bodies has yet to completely transform, which was also the case with Liu Xian Yun.

The transformation of Source Qi was an extremely long process. Any cultivator who had just broken through to Dao Source Realm would need at least three to five years for the transformation to complete, and this was for cultivators with good aptitudes. For those with lesser aptitudes, it could even take eight to ten years.

Only when all the power in the body is transformed into Source Qi would a cultivator’s foundation at Dao Source Realm completely stabilize; only then would there be hope for them to break through to Second-Order Dao Source Realm.

Yang Kai watched Zhang Ruo Xi breakthrough on this island with his own eyes, but how long had that been? Zhang Ruo Xi had actually accomplished something that would take a normal person several years to complete.

There was no trace of Saint Qi in her body at all. The power filling her body was pure and vigorous Source Qi. In other words, Zhang Ruo Xi’s Source Qi transformation was completed the moment she broke through.

Yang Kai could not figure out how such a strange thing could happen.

Fortunately, this wasn’t the first time something strange had happened with Zhang Ruo Xi. In the end, Yang Kai could only attribute this to her bloodline; after all, the power of Zhang Ruo Xi’s bloodline was truly unusual, and it seemed to be hiding a great secret.

Yang Kai did not dare to take it too lightly either though and continued to examine Zhang Ruo Xi’s body carefully. Only after confirming that there were no hidden problems in her body did he send her back into the Sealed World Bead where he instructed Liu Yan and Hua Qing Si to explain the mysteries of the Dao Source Realm to her to help her future cultivation.

The island was still the same, but the High-Grade Spirit Purifying Array that had been set up on it was damaged.

Yang Kai had a bitter look on his face after he collected the array base and flags.

He still had no idea how he was going to explain this to Ling Yin Qin once he returned. This High-Grade Spirit Purifying Array seemed to be extremely precious to her, and now that it had broken in his hands, he couldn’t help wondering whether Ling Yin Qin would get angry with him.

Yang Kai examined the array base and flags and found that they were badly damaged, causing his face to grow even more bitter.

With a sigh, he put everything away before turning around to return whence he came.

A short while later, his face changed. Observing two ships stopped in the middle of the sea, Yang Kai frowned.

One of the two ships naturally belonged to Ling Yin Qin, but he had never seen the larger one before. It had obviously arrived when he took Zhang Ruo Xi to the island to break through.

The chances of two ships meeting at sea were extremely low. There may be a chance that this ship was led here because of the Heavenly Manifestation that was invoked during Zhang Ruo Xi’s breakthrough.

Looking at the direction that the bow of the new ship was pointing at, it was clearly heading towards the island he just left.

This large ship was two or three times bigger than Ling Yin Qin’s, and when the two ships stood side by side, they looked like a grandfather and his grandson.

Yang Kai could hear a commotion from there before he even got close, causing his face to sink. Worried, he teleported and landed directly on the deck.

Looking over, he could see that Ling Yin Qin and the dozen other crew members under her lead were standing on the deck, confronting the newcomer group. Ling Yin Qin and the others looked indignant, but the other party looked relaxed and calm as if they didn’t even place Ling Yin Qin and her crew in their eyes.

Liu Xian Yun was being protected behind the crewmembers, and Yang Kai could see that there was a red handprint on Liu Xian Yun’s pretty face, as if she had been hit by someone. There was even a trace of blood still flowing from the corner of her mouth that had yet to dry.

Yang Kai’s face sank in an instant.

He had no idea what happened just now, nor did he know where the group from the other ship came from; however, Liu Xian Yun had clearly been hit by the people who had just arrived.

Yang Kai’s sudden appearance had obviously alerted the two groups that were confronting each other on the ships.

Liu Xian Yun was the first to turn around, but when she saw Yang Kai, she instantly forgot what situation she was currently in and shouted in a trembling voice, “Senior Brother...”

She looked over Yang Kai from head to toe with her beautiful eyes in fear that she may find something that would worry her, and only after she confirmed that Yang Kai was safe and sound, with no missing arms or legs, did she let out a heavy sigh of relief.

“You’re actually fine?” Ling Yin Qin was also surprised at this sight.

Yang Kai must have been the one to trigger that Heavenly Manifestation earlier. Even from five hundred kilometres away, she was able to feel it clearly; however, that sight had only lasted for five breaths before disappearing without a trace, meaning that Yang Kai’s breakthrough had failed.

A Third-Order Dao Source Realm cultivator failed to break through to the Emperor Realm, so how did he survive without suffering any backlash? Once one was hit by the backlash of failing the World Baptism, if they’re lucky, then their cultivation would be crippled, but if not, they would be killed directly.

But Yang Kai really did come back in one piece.

Ling Yin Qin examined Yang Kai several times before confirming that what she saw was real. Suddenly, her face changed as if she had thought of something.