Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2429, Saved by the Bell

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In the arena, Yang Kai was as fierce as a tiger and was emanating a lofty spirit. His two punches destroyed Feng Xi’s defensive artifact, leaving Feng Xi reeling in shock and coughing up blood, again and again, cutting a sorry figure.

Before Feng Xi could regain his footing, Yang Kai promptly caught up to him and sent out a third punch.

Feng Xi’s eyes widened in shock as he felt an aura of death blowing on his face, turning him pale.

He realized that he had greatly underestimated Yang Kai’s strength. As soon as Yang Kai made his move, Feng Xi had lost all chance to fight back. Had Feng Xi been aware of this great gap in strength from the start, he would have resorted to his trump card from the outset. Originally, he believed that there wasn’t any gap between his and Yang Kai’s strength, or if there was, it would be his strength that overwhelmed Yang Kai’s. It was simply impossible in his mind for Yang Kai to be his opponent. But now, it seemed that nothing could be farther from the truth.

Feng Xi, watching the fist approaching, held his breath as his pupils shrank to the size of a pinhole.

At that moment though, something suddenly changed.

The attacking Yang Kai’s face abruptly sank, as if he had suffered a sneak attack. He fiercely pulled his fist back before withdrawing, a moment later focusing his gaze on the back of his hand with a serious expression.

The aura of death vanished all of a sudden. However, Feng Xi cried out in surprise as he turned his gaze to his own arm. The next moment, he understood what just happened and immediately looked overjoyed.

On the other side, Yang Kai’s eyes widened in shock as his gaze was glued to the back of his hand.

Earlier, right as he was about to smash Feng Xi’s face in, a scorching-hot sensation came from the back of his hand. He thought that he was sneak-attacked by someone, so he halted his attack on Feng Xi and hastily backed off, prioritizing his own safety.

Anyone who could sneak attack him without him noticing was definitely an Emperor Realm Master.

What he found strange was that Bing Yun hadn’t seemed to notice.

However, after backing away and investigating things, Yang Kai found that the situation was different from what he thought. The back of his hand was still burning, but there weren’t any signs of him being attacked. The back of his hand grew hotter and hotter, as if he had plunged it into a pool of lava.

Just as Yang Kai was feeling sceptical about it and was lost in confusion, Feng Xi, who was on the other side of the ring, suddenly screamed as if he was in unbearable pain.

Yang Kai looked up and noticed Feng Xi was covering his arm with his other hand, gritting his teeth as he roared.

Not only was he like this, but cries could be heard coming from all around the arena.

[What happened?] A serious look appeared on Yang Kai’s face. Confused, he turned in the direction where the members of Ice Heart Valley were sitting and found Zi Yu was also covering her arm, profusely sweating.

However, Yang Kai keenly discovered a problem. And that was, everyone, who had encountered this odd phenomenon, was young, and there weren’t many of them. Only about a dozen or so people present, males and females, were reacting in this manner. Furthermore, all of them were Dao Source Realm cultivators.

The same thing was happening in the stands, which had also surprised those in the Emperor Realm. No one had any idea what happened to these Juniors. Bing Yuan also stopped focusing on Feng Xuan and hurriedly looked at Yang Kai with concern.

An Ruo Yun, Sun Yun Xiu, and the others gathered around Zi Yu, asking about the situation.

Before they could figure out what was going on though, specs of starlight emerged from the back of those dozen or so youngsters’ hands. It looked as if countless fireflies had gathered around and slowly flew towards the sky, a beautiful sight to behold.

“This is…” Bing Yun’s beautiful pupils narrowed, as if she understood everything at once.

The Masters of the various Sects of the Northern Territory were also shaking with excitement, their lips quivering as they pointed at these points of starlight.

At some point, the burning sensation at the back of his hand suddenly disappeared, and when Yang Kai looked down at it again, he found a pentagonal mark on the back of his hand.

An intelligent gleam flashed in his mind as he cried in low voice, “Star Seal!”

The pentagonal mark was obviously the Star Seal of the Shattered Star Sea, one of his spoils of war from the Four Seasons Realm.

Back then, when he took one of the quotas from Azure Sun Temple and entered the Four Seasons Realm, Yang Kai had collected a total of seven Star Seals. Later, he gave six to Azure Sun Temple and kept the last five-pointed Star Seal for himself.

Such a long time had passed, but the Star Seal had shown no movement, so Yang Kai had basically forgotten about it.

However, he had never expected a phenomenon to suddenly appear at the critical moment of his life and death battle with Feng Xi.

The Star Seal was the pass to enter the Shattered Star Sea. More importantly, the Shattered Star Sea was rumoured to be the place where the strongest Master of Star Boundary, Heaven Devouring Great Emperor, fell. Some rumours even said that the inheritance of Heaven Devouring Great Emperor was hidden there, which was also why untold Masters flocked towards it.

Unfortunately, every time the Shattered Star Sea opened, Emperor Realm Masters could not enter. Only those below the Emperor Realm were permitted entry.

It had already been tens of thousands of years since Heavenly Devouring Great Emperor fell, and over these countless years, Sects from all four territories of the Star Boundary had sent countless elite disciples into the Shattered Star Sea, hoping to find Heaven Devouring Great Emperor’s inheritance so they could understand why he was able to dominate the Star Boundary in the past, why he was invincible in this world. However, no one had ever succeeded. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The secrets of Heaven Devouring Great Emperor seemed to have been buried somewhere in the Shattered Star Sea following his death.

If it was just this, it might not have many cultivators; after all, there was only one Heaven Devouring Great Emperor and only one inheritance. How could it be that easy to find and acquire?

What attracted most entrants was the countless shattered Star Sources in the Shattered Star Sea. As long as any cultivator could obtain those Star Source fragments, he or she could better comprehend World Principles and improve the chances of them breaking through to the Emperor Realm.

According to some rumours, seven out of every ten Emperor Realm Masters in the Star Boundary had entered the Shattered Star Sea. It was quite clear how much influence this Sealed World had on cultivators advancing to such a realm.

For Dao Source Realm cultivators, entering the Shattered Star Sea was equivalent to putting one foot into the Emperor Realm. No cultivator could resist such temptation.

Many Emperor Realm Masters had been trying to find the entrance to the Shattered Star Sea, hoping to gain a deeper understanding of it.

However, when the several Great Emperors besieged Heaven Devouring Great Emperor, that world shattered. The Heavens and Earth were inverted and devastated the Shattered Star Sea, sending it into the infinite nothingness of the Void, making it impossible for such Masters to enter it freely, or even locate it. During that battle, Heaven Devouring Emperor fell, but he also dragged several Great Emperors down with him.

In other words, the Shattered Star Sea didn’t just have the inheritance of Heaven Devouring Great Emperor, but also the inheritances of other Great Emperors! And even if they couldn’t find the inheritance of a Great Emperor, it would be good enough to find the artifacts or Space Rings lost during that war. If anyone could find such a treasure, they would no longer have to worry about resources for the rest of their life.

For various reasons, the attention on the Shattered Star Sea in the Star Boundary had far exceeded that of any other Sealed World. It was a grand event in which all the elites of the four territories of the Star Boundary participated.

Compared to it, the Four Seasons Realm was a small side-show.

When the Star Seal suddenly started emitting specks of starlight, Yang Kai immediately understood what was going on.

“The Shattered Star Sea is opening!” A cry of excitement suddenly rose from the stands and many Emperor Realm Masters also stood in excitement.

Yang Kai grit his teeth and glared at the nearby Feng Xi, sneering loudly, “Count yourself lucky!”

Had it not been for the sudden movement of the Star Seal, Feng Xi would have been seriously injured by him. Who knows which lucky star shone on this brat today, but it had allowed him to escape at that critical moment.

Since his Star Seal had already shown a reaction, Yang Kai didn’t dare to do anything rash, lest he couldn’t enter the Shattered Star Sea if something went wrong.

Feng Xi too had a Star Seal, so obviously he would also be entering the Shattered Star Sea.

In the arena, Yang Kai could only cripple Feng Xi, but not kill him, otherwise, it would spark a war between Ice Star Valley and the Seeking Passion Sect. However, if they both entered the Shattered Star Sea, Yang Kai would be completely free of all worries. Thinking so, he didn’t bother to cause trouble for Feng Xi and simply stood in place calmly.

Hearing Yang Kai’s words, Feng Xi opened his mouth, wanting to refute, but when he noticed Yang Kai’s cold gaze on him, his pupils couldn’t help but shrink as he quickly swallowed his argument back down.

In these short few breaths he fought with Yang Kai, he was suppressed to the point that he had no room to breathe. A shadow had been left in his heart, so how could he dare to provoke Yang Kai at this point?

In the arena, Yang Kai looked around and saw that there were more than a dozen people in the stands like him, who had starlight leaking from their arms. Most of these people had an Emperor Realm Master standing next to them, earnestly giving them guidance.

They had undoubtedly come with these Emperor Realm Masters, all of them rising stars of various Sects of the Northern Territory.

Zi Yu was among these rising stars and An Ruo Yun, Sun Yun Xiu, and the other Elders were currently gathered around her. Sun Yun Xiu happened to be earnestly exhorting her while Zi Yu kept nodding in return. From time to time, she would glance towards Yang Kai.

When their gazes met, Yang Kai gently nodded to her.

Zi Yu surely had a Star Seal, so she would be entering the Shattered Star Sea with him. At that time, they could cooperate if they ran into each other inside.

On the other hand, Yang Kai didn’t know much about the Shattered Star Sea. Even though he could be considered an in-name disciple of Azure Sun Temple, even possessing the highest-ranked Azure Sun Golden Token, he didn’t get any instructions from the Emperor Realm Masters of Azure Sun Temple regarding this matter. Yang Kai also didn’t deliberately ask Wen Xi Shan or Gao Xue Ting about the Shattered Star Sea either. In this regard, he was worse off than the disciples of these big Sects.

He would just have to ask his acquaintances in the Shattered Star Sea if they ran into each other. Or, he could explore on his own.

Speaking of which, he had a fair number of acquaintances. He knew most of the elite disciples of Azure Sun Temple, as well as the rising stars of the Southern Territory. Basically, everyone he had fought in the Four Seasons Realm would definitely enter the Shattered Star Sea.

While Yang Kai was mulling over his situation, Bing Yun’s voice suddenly rang in his ears, “The Shattered Star Sea is a huge opportunity, but it is equally important to remain alive. Everyone who comes back alive is a winner!”

Yang Kai sincerely nodded.

Obviously, Bing Yun wanted to tell him more, but she didn’t get the chance because the specks of starlight leaking from the back of everyone’s hand suddenly grew denser and gathered over everyone’s head in the next moment. In the blink of an eye, the starlight gathered and formed various doors.