Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2448, The Reason For That Feeling

Translator: Silavin & Ashish

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In the blink of an eye, everyone had flown away, each of them seemingly afraid that the others would be a step faster. So, no one spared any effort to catch up with the Mountains and Rivers Bell.

Yang Kai on the other hand turned around and flew back towards the dark red Star.

After a short while, he returned to the place where the Mountains and Rivers Bell had originally been and began looking around with a solemn gaze.

There was no one here, but the feeling that made him restless was definitely coming from this place.

It was for this reason that he returned here instead of chasing the Mountains and Rivers Bell like everyone else, trying to figure out the cause.

After a while, Yang Kai noticed something. His eyes immediately brightened as he came to the original location of the Mountains and Rivers Bell.

It was originally a small mountain; however, because of the quake caused by the advent of the Mountains and Rivers Bell, the mountain had completely collapsed, and after the Mountains and Rivers Bell flew away on its own, this place had been reduced to nothing but rubble.

However, a distinctive scorching energy was leaking from the original location of the Mountains and Rivers Bell.

Previously, everyone’s attention was drawn to the Mountains and Rivers Bell, so no one noticed the strangeness here.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but be suspicious, wondering what was going on here. After giving it a thought, he flew into the air and punched downward.

After a few punches, the ground split apart as a small pit suddenly appeared in his view.

Suddenly, incomparable heat gushed out from this pit while at the same time, intense Source Strength fluctuations spread, catching Yang Kai by surprise.

Looking down, there was actually a pool of lava inside the pit, and the scorching temperature it gave off caused Yang Kai to turn pale. He didn’t dare to casually approach it.

“The Fire Attribute Star Source?” Yang Kai cried out in a low voice as a strange look appeared in his eyes, a bold conjecture flashing across his mind.

Was it possible that the Fire Attribute Star Source had been hidden here?

The reason why Yang Kai came to this Star in the first place was that Zhong Zhen Yong had said that someone here had found traces of a Fire Attribute Star Source, but after arriving, the appearance of the Mountains and Rivers Bell had taken away everyone’s attention, causing them all to forget about the Fire Attribute Star Source.

But who could have guessed that the Fire Attribute Star Source was actually hidden under the Mountains and Rivers Bell? In fact, by the looks of it, this Source was being suppressed by the Mountains and Rivers Bell!

It was no wonder dozens of Dao Source Realm cultivators with their Star Seals were unable to find the exact location of the Fire Attribute Star Source, it was all because of that bell!

At first, when Yang Kai arrived here, he too had used his Star Seal to search for the location of the Fire Attribute Star Source, but the sensation he always received was vague and uncertain, making it impossible to get clear directions. It became apparent now that this was because of the existence of the Mountains and Rivers Bell.

Now that the Mountain and Rivers Bell had flown away on its own, the Fire Attribute Star Source was immediately exposed.

The Source Strength was hidden under the lava here, and it was precisely because of this Fire Attribute Star Source that this Star was so hot and had produced so many Fire Attribute spirit medicines!

Considering all this, Yang Kai couldn’t help but become excited.

He felt that it really was a wise decision to remain here. So many people were chasing and vying for the Mountains and Rivers Bell, so no one would be able to capture it in short order; however, the Fire Attribute Star Source was only discovered by him alone, so he could collect it in peace and at leisure.

However, it was just a guess that the Fire Attribute Star Source was hidden under this pool of magma. As to whether it was true or not, Yang Kai had no way to confirm it. Even if it was true, he still had not found a way to get it. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The Fire Attribute Star Source wasn’t easy to obtain as just a moment of carelessness here could cause Yang Kai to be reduced to ashes.

Just when he was at a loss, the magma in front of Yang Kai suddenly started boiling. Huge bubbles of hot gas rose to the surface of the magma and burst, causing the surrounding temperature to rise to an unbearable level.

Yang Kai couldn’t help but circulate his Source Qi to defend his body; only then feeling slightly better.

However, this sudden change had caused him to become extremely vigilant and he immediately took a few steps back.

After a moment, the entire magma pool in the huge pit erupted, and immediately afterward, a sharp and clear bird cry reverberated throughout the world, echoing in Yang Kai’s ears…

Yang Kai was rooted to the ground, dumbstruck!

Because this cry sounded quite familiar.

In the past, when he was dual cultivating with Su Yan, when the auspicious phenomena of a dragon and phoenix had manifested, the Ice Phoenix’s cry was exactly the same. It shook the listener’s hearts and made all living beings submit to it!

*Huala!*

A beautiful, fiery red figure suddenly flew out of the pit, and as it appeared, all the heat flowed away along with it, turning the huge pit of magma into stone in an instant.

Suddenly, the sky was obscured by a huge figure as an ear-piercing cry resounded throughout the sky.

Yang Kai looked up, gawking at the beautiful and incomprehensible figure, nervously gulping as he muttered with difficulty, “A Fire Phoenix!”

There were Divine Spirits in this world, and Dragons and Phoenixes reigned supreme above these great beasts.

The Dragon Clan and Phoenix Clan were the strongest existences among the Ancient Divine Spirits. This was almost an indisputable fact. Putting the Dragon Clan aside, the Phoenix Clan had two major branches.

The Fire Phoenix and Ice Phoenix!

These two branches of the Phoenix Clan represented the two great attributes of Fire and Ice, making them polar opposites of one another.

The Divine Spirit Luan Feng that Yang Kai had seen on Clear Jade Mountain outside Maplewood City fell under the Fire Phoenix branch. The Luan Feng’s World Extinguishing Black Flame was simply synonymous with destruction and disaster. A single breath of its black flames had caused Clear Jade Mountain to burn down, and its fires would undoubtedly continue burning for many years to come. This phenomenon had attracted countless cultivators who cultivated Fire Attribute Secret Arts and Secret Techniques to Clear Jade Mountain to enter retreat, seeking enlightenment.

And the giant, beautiful figure before Yang Kai now was undoubtedly an authentic Fire Phoenix! Its bloodline was even purer than that Luan Feng’s.

Yang Kai had never even dreamed that he would see a Fire Phoenix in the Shattered Star Sea! Moreover, one that was suppressed under the Mountains and Rivers Bell.

Had the cultivators not discovered the Mountains and Rivers Bell by accident, and caused it to fly away, this Fire Phoenix might still be sleeping under it, never to see the light of the day.

“No!” Yang Kai suddenly narrowed his eyes, staring intently at the Fire Phoenix hovering in the sky as if he had noticed something amiss.

Because he noticed that this Fire Phoenix had no vitality. It could even be said that it had no physical body. Everything about it was composed of pure energy. And when it appeared, Yang Kai had clearly felt the energy of a Fire Attribute Star Source.

In a flash, Yang Kai was struck with realization and involuntarily cried, “Phoenix True Fire!”

This was not a true Fire Phoenix Divine Spirit, it was the Phoenix True Fire! And combined with what Qi Hai had said before, Yang Kai immediately realized that this Phoenix True Fire was left here after the death of Martial Flame Great Emperor!

In terms of value, it wasn’t inferior to the Mountains and Rivers Bell, and to some, it was a priceless treasure that nothing could compare to.

However… Why was Yuan Ding Great Emperor’s Mountains and Rivers Bell suppressing Martial Flame Great Emperor’s Phoenix True Fire? Didn’t these two Great Emperors jointly attack Heaven Devouring Great Emperor?

Yang Kai was suddenly confused and he couldn’t fathom what happened during the great battle of those Great Emperors for such a thing to happen.

But it was useless to think about matters that happened tens of thousands of years ago.

Now that the Phoenix True Fire was right before him, the mysteries of this place were also solved. The Fire Attribute Star Source on this star was actually the Phoenix True Fire, something far more valuable than a mere Fire Attribute Star Source.

The Phoenix True Fire carried the inheritance of a True Fire Phoenix. A Fire Phoenix would eventually die, but its True Fire would never go out. Contained in this Phoenix True Fire was the knowledge and experiences the Fire Phoenix Clan had gained over hundreds of thousands, or even millions of years. No matter who obtained this Phoenix True Fire, their strength would certainly improve by leaps and bounds.

If Liu Yan could absorb this Phoenix True Fire, it might even be possible for her to be reborn as a real Fire Phoenix!

“Li!”

The loud cry rang out again, pulling Yang Kai from his excited thoughts. Yang Kai was immediately startled by the sight before his eyes. The Phoenix True Fire in the sky had actually started rotating and swiftly turned into a fist-sized ball of fire before flying straight at him.

At this moment, Yang Kai was frightened out of his senses.

He might be proud of his uncommon strength and even dared to fight ordinary First-Order Emperor Realm Masters, but in the face of the Phoenix True Fire that was known to be able to burn all things in existence to ash, he didn’t even dare to touch it.

If he was hit by this flame, he would evaporate instantly!

Just when he wanted to run away, a force uncontrollably surged out of Yang Kai’s body.

Immediately afterward, a reverberating and deafening dragon roar resounded through the sky as a golden glow appeared around Yang Kai. The Golden Divine Dragon Source Strength that had been hiding in Yang Kai’s body all this time directly appeared behind his back at that moment, seemingly stimulated by the Phoenix True Fire.

The enormous Dragon head stared at the Phoenix True Fire with its house-sized eyes, its golden light giving it a dazzling and majestic look.

In a flash, dragon roars and phoenix cries sang one after another, trying to display their majesty to the other.

Right afterwards, the two Sources clashed with each other mid-air, causing the surrounding space to collapse and the world to crack.

Suddenly, a muffled groan came from somewhere nearby, as if someone was injured by these clashes. Yang Kai’s eyes immediately turned cold as he turned his head and glanced towards the source of the groan, but when he looked over, he didn’t notice anything.

At this moment, he had no time to care about other things as he was currently at the centre of the collision between the two Ancient Divine Spirit Sources. He too was having a hard time holding on, and if the Dragon Source wasn’t safeguarding his body, he might have been long crushed into nothing. Even so, his bones were beginning to crack and Golden Blood started flowing out as his skin split apart, making him look extremely miserable.

The fiery glow became more and more vibrant, but the golden radiance wasn’t showing any weakness either.

The whole world now seemed to have only two colours.

This was a confrontation merely between two Sources, without real physical bodies, a battle between the supreme overlords of the Ancient Divine Spirits. Under these surging Source Strengths, Yang Kai suffered immense pain, but also gained phenomenal insights.

Over time, the collision between the two Sources seemed to have become even more fearsome, and Yang Kai had no choice but to use his Dragon Transformation Secret Technique to cover his entire body in Dragon Scales. Even so, his blood and Source Qi were in turmoil from the constant impacts and he kept coughing up blood, looking like he might die at any moment.

Although he looked miserable, there was a light of ecstasy in his eyes.

Because he discovered due to being in the centre of this clash, his comprehension of Source and Principle Strength had climbed to a new height in a very short period of time. At this moment, some obscure concepts that he never understood before suddenly became clear.

As such, he hoped that this clash would keep going a while longer!