Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2469, Source Sea

Translator: Silavin & Danny 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Northern Territory, Seeking Passion Sect.

As one of the top Sects in Northern Territory, Seeking Passion Sect occupied a vast area of land with countless disciples. They had magnificent and extraordinary palaces everywhere, and the World Energy there was extremely rich.

Suddenly, an earth-shaking roar came out from an inconspicuous building. In an instant, the entire Seeking Passion Sect trembled, and all of the disciples looked towards that building in shock.

Everyone recognized that it was the voice of their Sect Master, but they did not know why their Sect Master was all of a sudden infuriated.

Feng Xuan was already a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master whose mood always remained as tranquil as the water in an ancient well. If it wasn’t something completely beyond his ability to accept, Feng Xuan would never have such an outburst.

But what could irritate a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master to this extent?

A person rushed into the building with a pale face, opened the door and knelt down trembling, “Bad news, Sect Master. This subordinate has just received a message that the Soul Lamp of Young Sect Master… “

Before that person finished speaking, Feng Xuan gave him a slap.

Although that person had a powerful Third-Order Dao Source Realm cultivator, he still could not resist the power of a Master like Feng Xuan, and was swiftly reduced to a bloody splat on a nearby wall.

“Yang Kai!” Feng Xuan bellowed a name in his cultivation room as his face turned pale but looked violent, his eyes burning with anger.

His Soul Descent was cast on Feng Xi, so he could more or less sense the happenings in Shattered Star Sea even though his body was in the Seeking Passion Sect, and he clearly felt Feng Xi die.

It was a shame to the Seeking Passion Sect and to himself that his son, who had finally broken through to the Emperor Realm in Shattered Star Sea, had died despite Feng Xuan using his Soul Descent to protect him. Worse yet, the one who killed Feng Xi was none other than a mere Third-Order Dao Source Realm Junior.

If he could enter the Shattered Star Sea now, Feng Xuan would have set off to take revenge on Yang Kai right away.

The murder of one’s son was unforgivable, and Feng Xuan’s heart was filled with rage. He abruptly got up, turned into a stream of light, and rushed out of the Seeking Passion Sect towards a certain direction.

Looking at the direction he was heading, it seemed to be the location of Ice Heart Valley.

He could not go after Yang Kai now, so he could only travel to Ice Heart Valley and look for Bing Yun first. In any case, Yang Kai’s life must end, and finding Bing Yun was the only way to inquire about the details and whereabouts of Yang Kai.

Feng Xi’s death had maddened him and he no longer cared about maintaining the delicate balance between the two Sects. If Bing Yun could not give him a reasonable explanation, Feng Xuan was prepared to drown Ice Heart Valley in blood!

…

In a wave of dizziness, Yang Kai felt that someone was calling him. He struggled for a long time before he finally opened his eyes and regained his consciousness.

“You’re finally awake!” A voice seemed to be calling into his ear.

With a single thought, Yang Kai knew that the voice was not from someone beside him, but rather his Embodiment.

He had a kind of Soul connection with the Embodiment, so the Embodiment could contact him any time even though he was in the Sealed World Bead.

Previously, when Yang Kai had passed out, the Embodiment did not dare to pull him into the Sealed World Bead to heal his injuries as that would expose it to the void.

There were numerous Masters in the Shattered Star Sea right now, and it would be another source of trouble if someone noticed the Sealed World Bead.

Therefore, the Embodiment just left Yang Kai drifting in space while trying to wake him up.

“How long has it been?” Yang Kai started to communicate with the Embodiment, barely straightening his body.

“Not too long, just a few hours.”

“That’s good,” Yang Kai sighed in relief before he examined his current condition. His injuries weren’t too serious but his figure had still been bloodied by Feng Xuan’s attacks.

The biggest problem now was that he was very weak at the moment. He consumed all his power to use the Mountains and Rivers Bell, which caused him to be unable to recover within a mere few hours, and he even had a headache from activating his Divine Sense just now. As such, if he were to encounter any danger at this time, he could only quickly hide inside the Sealed World Bead.

After pondering for a while, Yang Kai summoned his flying boat and allowed it to drift forward as he sat cross-legged on it. He took out some Spirit Pills that were meant for recovery and stuffed them into his mouth before closing his eyes to adjust his breathing.

In the desolate Shattered Star Sea, Yang Kai’s figure was just like a grain of dust, unremarkable, drifting along without any special goal.

Two days later, he exhaled softly and stood up again, with crackling sounds emitting from all over his body.

Although he had not completely recovered yet, his condition was not serious anymore.

Yang Kai lifted his head to look around, but saw nothing, even his seven-pointed Star Seal could not sense the existence of another human being.

It had been two to three years since he entered this Shattered Star Sea, and he felt his harvest had been quite good. That was, until he met Feng Xi and the disciples from Ice Heart Valley; only then did he realize he had fallen behind slightly.

Even Feng Xi had broken through to the Emperor Realm, while Zi Yu was at the critical moment of breaking through. Perhaps she too had made that last step and reached the Emperor Realm by now. But what about Yang Kai? He did not even sense the shackles loosening for the next breakthrough.

The Phoenix True Fire and Mountains and Rivers Bell were indeed not bad prizes, since they both once belonged to Great Emperors; however, the base of a cultivator’s strength had always been their own cultivation, while external aids were just bonuses.

Without great personal strength, no matter how wondrous the treasures one had were, they could not be used to their fullest. Yang Kai believed that if he was in the Emperor Realm, he would not have struggled using Mountains and Rivers Bell just now.

Zi Yu and Feng Xi were already ahead of him, so what about the other rising stars he knew?

Yang Kai suddenly felt an urgent sense of crisis.

Falling behind in terms of cultivation was a true detriment, and even if he continued to find more treasures in the Shattered Star Sea, they would not be helpful to his growth.

While thinking about it, Yang Kai sped up his boat in search of opportunities in this Shattered Star Sea.

For several days in a row, Yang Kai did not even meet a single person, nor did he sense the aura of Source Strength, which made him feel a little strange about this abnormal phenomenon, for he had never experienced such a thing during all this time in the Shattered Star Sea.

Another few days later, Yang Kai still sensed nothing.

He could not help becoming a little suspicious, wondering what happened in Shattered Star Sea.

Only on the tenth day did Yang Kai abruptly feel a trace of heat on the back of his hand.

His mind instantly became alert as he realized that the Star Seal had detected the existence of other cultivators, and the warm feeling on the back of his hand was hastily getting hotter and hotter.

Yang Kai raised his brows and hurriedly rushed in that direction.

As Yang Kai approached, he was surprised by the presence of many cultivators’ auras, not just that but also the extremely rich Source Strength ahead.

All of this resonated with the Star Seal on the back of his hand.

[What’s the situation over there?] Yang Kai was curious, and he accelerated towards his destination.

After half a day, Yang Kai was slightly dumbfounded by the scene captured in his eyes.

In the Starry Sky about ten thousand kilometres in front of him lay a large irregular oval-shaped blue halo, like a vast ocean.

Although the ocean did not seem very big now, Yang Kai knew that this was only because he was too far away from it. If he really stood before this ocean, he would definitely feel its magnificence.

[What the hell is that?] Yang Kai whispered in his heart.

A few hours later, Yang Kai reached the border of this strange place.

After examining the situation, Yang Kai took a deep breath and he muttered with shock, “So much Source Strength?”

He clearly felt the rich Source Strength coming from this faint blue ocean. Those scattered Source Strengths hidden in this faint-blue halo seemed like fishes swimming in the sea.

Upon closer inspection, Yang Kai saw that this place really was like a vast endless ocean with azure sea waves and light surging tides, a peculiar sight to behold.

Through the Star Seal on the back of his hand, Yang Kai unmistakably sensed numerous cultivators scattered inside this huge faint blue light, and he wondered if they were there to absorb and refine the abundant Source Strength.

However… how could there be so much Source Strength here? With so much Source Strength, how much benefit could a person gain if they absorbed and refined it all? Yang Kai dared not to think about it anymore.

Because Yang Kai’s thought was actually impossible, as no cultivator was capable of refining this much Source Strength alone.

No wonder he had not seen anyone or sensed any Source Strength aura all the way here for more than ten days, everyone had already gathered here.

Yang Kai felt excitement bubbling up inside him and even though he wanted to grab the Source Strength in front of him right now, he controlled his impulses and began cautiously examining the situation of the faint blue light.

To his surprise, his Divine Sense was not hindered in any way, nor did he notice the slightest danger, as if the faint blue light was really seawater that happened to contain rich Source Strength.

Yang Kai smiled happily and jumped into the light.

“Hahaha, another idiot!” A ridiculing voice was heard not far away. This person had obviously been observing Yang Kai and laughed at him as soon he rushed into the faint blue light, “Another fool dares to jump into the Source Sea? Doesn’t he know how to write the word ‘death’?”

Just as he finished speaking, a figure abruptly leapt out from the location where Yang Kai had rushed in.

The man who laughed fixed his eyes on the figure and saw that it was Yang Kai.

His eyes widened in astonishment, “How can this be? You’re still alive?”

At this moment, Yang Kai grimaced in pain as his whole body was aching. Sizzling sounds could be heard coming from all over his body and in the blink of an eye, his clothes were melted completely, revealing his robust body.

It was a terrifying scene. His skin seemed to have been scalded by hot water and countless pustules appeared on his figure, staining his body with blood.

However, despite his miserable appearance, Yang Kai was very much alive and was now pushing his Source Qi to expel the corrosive power that invaded his body.