Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2473, Temporary Stopover

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Seeing the bloody palm coming towards him, Yang Kai immediately raised his hand and pushed the Source Qi in his body, sending out a gigantic palm of his own.

*Hong long long… *

There was an explosion, and the clouds and wind changed drastically, energy overflowing in all directions. A breath later, the two palm-strikes cancelled each other out, as if they had never existed before.

Yang Kai stood firm like a mountain while quietly holding his ground.

A soft call of surprise echoed from somewhere below.

A pure Divine Sense came and scanned Yang Kai up and down, probably to check if he had hidden his cultivation, only to find that Yang Kai really was just a Dao Source Realm.

The Emperor Realm Master who attacked Yang Kai could not help feeling amazed.

He had not met a Dao Source Realm cultivator who could take a palm from him like this. Although he had only broken through to the Emperor Realm not long ago, there were already seven to eight Dao Source Realm cultivators who had died at his hands in the depths of the Source Sea, as the strength of the Emperor Realm was a world apart from the strength of the Dao Source Realm.

But it did not work on Yang Kai.

Not only did he fail to kill Yang Kai, but it also seemed he hadn’t caused any damage or even forced him back.

This person secretly felt shocked in his heart, wondering what kind of monster Yang Kai was to possess such terrifying power, even thinking to himself that he had not been this strong when he was still a Dao Source Realm.

Yang Kai grinned, “This one is just passing by and hoping to find a place to stop and cultivate, this friend doesn’t have to be so hostile.”

He scanned the Emperor Realm Master who made a threat against him with his Divine Sense. This young man had red hair, as if it was dipped in blood, and was exuding an extremely violent and bloody aura. Yang Kai had no idea which Sect he came from or what kind of Secret Art he cultivated.

Yang Kai was not afraid of him, and since there was no resentment between them, Yang Kai would have preferred not to start a fight.

The red-haired young man looked up to the place where Yang Kai was, and after a short silence, he said, “You can go, but don’t stop within a thousand kilometres of here.”

“Many thanks!” Yang Kai chuckled, cupping his fists towards the red-haired young man before immediately moving off.

But after listening to this young man, Yang Kai also understood why just a few Emperor Realm Masters could occupy all the region of the Source Sea with the richest Source Strength. This young man alone already occupied a position with a radius of a thousand kilometres, so how could the others have such a wide territory?

However, no one would talk about justice or fairness in this world. Whoever was strong enough could act however they pleased.

Any Dao Source Realm cultivator who dared to challenge the Masters here would end up like the corpses on those previous islands.

After an hour, Yang Kai already left the red-haired young man more than two thousand kilometres behind, but he still could not find a stopover as he discovered some of the small islands that originally existed this deep had been bombarded to pieces by the Emperor Realm Masters who arrived first.

They obviously did not want to leave a place for latecomers to absorb the Source Strength here, so they carried out such a tyrannical act.

A world-breaking spear of light suddenly blasted from below, penetrating through the void and the barriers of space, striking towards Yang Kai’s face in the blink of an eye, causing some pain on his skin due to the chilling power.

Yang Kai narrowed his eyes slightly, acknowledging the power of this spear, and dared not to be careless. Summoning his Myriads Sword, he slashed towards the approaching spear.

The dazzling sword light shot out and collided with the spear light, causing a shocking explosion.

“Hm? A trivial Dao Source Realm cultivator can actually take a blow from this Young Master? How strange.” A voice came from below. The man seemed to be a little surprised too, similar to the previous red-haired young man.

Yang Kai’s face darkened, “Why do all of you Emperor Realm Masters who have already occupied such a large area still need to stab at everyone who passes by you? Don’t you feel ashamed?”

The man burst out into laughter, “If you dare to come here without the necessary strength, you have chosen death.” He paused for a while, then asked, “Since you made it here, I suppose you passed through Chi Gui’s test?”

Yang Kai’s brow twitched, “You mean the red-head?”

“En.”

“Like you, he tried to sneak attack me, but I managed to block his attack and he just let me go.” Yang Kai snorted with a displeased face.

“No wonder…” The man nodded lightly, after a while waving his hand, “You may go. Since Chi Gui already let you pass, it means that you are also a man of great potential. I won’t do anything more to you.”

Yang Kai curled his lip in disgust, because the man talked big like he was being so gracious for letting him pass, even shamelessly claiming that he was also a man of great potential.

“How many more Emperor Realm Masters are there? Are you all going to act against me?” Yang Kai asked unhappily.

If it was the case, he would not hide his strength anymore and just fight all the way there to avoid troubles.

Unexpectedly, the man changed his expression faster than flipping a page and replied coldly, “Little brat, you talk too much. Since I’ve allowed you to pass, then you should just pass. If you don’t want to, I’ll just make you stay here forever.”

Yang Kai snorted and did not bother to pester this man anymore, simply changing directions and flying deeper.

However, this time he abandoned his usual low-key attitude, pushing his Source Qi madly, making himself very eye-catching, believing that the Emperor Realm Masters would sense him far away as long as they were not overly focused on absorbing Source Strength.

Maybe it was due to Yang Kai’s self-confidence and high-profile actions, but even though he sensed the aura of two other Emperor Realm Masters’ along the way, they did not try to act against him and simply ignored his presence after scanning him with their Divine Senses. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Yang Kai was delighted with this development.

After an hour, his eyes lit up and he flew down to somewhere below.

There was a temporary stopover here. The area of this island was extremely big, about a thousand meters in radius.

Such an island was rare in the Source Sea. Small islands could be found anywhere and weren’t real islands, simply pieces of land that had formed through some strange coincidence. These tiny pieces of land weren’t few in number, but they were also very small in size.

However, the island that Yang Kai found was definitely able to accommodate more than a hundred people.

After Yang Kai landed on the ground, he looked around and felt very satisfied with the place. He wanted to ask Xiao Bai Yi and Murong Xiao Xiao to come over, but soon he gave up his thought as he recalled the previous actions of the Emperor Realm Masters.

Unless Yang Kai went to pick them up, it would be impossible for Xiao Bai Yi and Murong Xiao Xiao to pass through the territorial Emperor Realm Masters with their current strength.

Yang Kai sat down cross-legged and attempted to absorb a little of the Source Strength here. Soon, he raised his brow in happiness, because the Source Strength here was purer and richer than other places, and it also seemed to be easier to absorb as well.

This was a Cultivation Paradise.

Yang Kai did not rush to refine and absorb the Source Strength here though and instead released his Divine Sense to check his surroundings.

No one was within a thousand kilometres.

With a wave of his hand, a behemoth appeared beside him. It was so gigantic that its height reached to the sky, and the moment it stepped on the ground, the island seemed to sink down a little.

Embodiment!

Yang Kai usually would not simply summon the Embodiment out of the Sealed World Bead, because the huge body of the Embodiment made its movement inconvenient and it required too much of his Divine Sense to summon.

But now, it was a perfect time to summon him out.

Yang Kai did not need to worry that the strange existence of the Embodiment would be discovered, as there was no one around here. Moreover, there was so much Source Strength here that Yang Kai could not absorb it all by himself, so he figured he should share the benefits with the Embodiment.

The Embodiment told him earlier that his cultivation seemed to have reached a bottleneck, which might be due to a flaw in the Heaven Devouring Battle Law that he was cultivating. So now, if he could absorb and refine the Source Strength here, there might be a chance that he could break through the bottleneck.

Without the need to communicate, the Embodiment immediately understood Yang Kai’s intention as soon as he came out and carefully sat down cross-legged, activating his Secret Art.

The Embodiment also knew the Star Refining Art. Back then, he had used this Secret Art to refine the Source Strength of the floating continent, which resulted in him merging with it and obtaining his current gigantic body.

Star Refining Art was a Secret Art specialized in refining Star Sources, while the Heaven Devouring Battle Law could devour everything. With the combined use of these two Heaven-defying Secret Arts, Yang Kai really looked forward to what kind of spark the Embodiment could set off here.

After releasing the Embodiment, Yang Kai did not stop but performed a few hand seals and patted the Sealed World Bead, opening a rift in its barrier to allow it to absorb the Source Strength of this place as well.

He wanted to perfect the World Principles of the Sealed World Bead, and the Source Strength here was an essential component for that hope.

After observing silently for a while, Yang Kai confirmed that the Source Strength in the Source Sea was being madly devoured by the Sealed World Bead and turned his attention back to himself, closing his eyes and circulating the Star Refining Art to refine the Source Strength here for himself.

In an instant, this vast island seemed to become a vortex that devoured all the surrounding Source Strength.

The Embodiment used both Heaven-defying Secret Arts, the Star Refining Art and Heaven Devouring Battle Law, together, and his gigantic body instantly became like a bottomless pit that was able to refine and absorb all the Source Strength that flowed into it.

As for the Sealed World Bead, the rate at which it could suck up Source Strength was even more terrifying compared to the Embodiment.

In comparison, Yang Kai’s absorbing capability paled, but with his Star Refining Art, his speed was still far faster than that of ordinary cultivators.

With time, the activity here was getting more and more conspicuous and more and more terrifying as rumbling sounds were constantly heard. The Source Strength in the Source Sea was attracted to this island like ten thousand rivers flowing into the sea, gradually disappearing.

The vast Source Sea was now actually being driven by this magical force, slowly flowing towards the island where Yang Kai sat.

The activity here seemed to have affected the entire Source Sea, but Yang Kai, the initiator, did not notice anything.

Slowly, the cultivators who were absorbing and refining at the edge of Source Sea realized that something was wrong, as they were surprised to see that the Source Sea seemed to be getting smaller. Initially, they were still a good distance from the edge, but gradually, the distance became shorter and shorter until the Source Sea seemed to drain out from beneath them.

It looked like the entire Source Sea was at low tide, making their small islands in the sea turn into beaches, even if they did not move in the slightest.

This discovery startled many cultivators as they did not understand why this was happening.