Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2481, The Embodiment’s Breakthrough

Translator: Silavin & Danny Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The Blood Sea in the void collapsed, and the crimson covering the sky dispersed.

In the blink of an eye, the red blood that filled the world disappeared.

Wu Meng Chuan stood not far away, pale and battered out of his senses.

The Blood Spirit Bottle was destroyed, and he received a huge backlash from its destruction. In addition, he had been hit by Yang Kai’s Time Flies Seal before, so at this moment, he had one foot in the grave already. Coughing up blood unceasingly, he was too feeble to even stand steadily.

Yang Kai was not much better, however.

This was the second time he had summoned the Mountains and Rivers Bell, and after using it once, his vision became blurry and his head was spinning, a buzzing noise still ringing in his ears as his heart pumped madly like a drum.

Yang Kai clenched his teeth as he felt the veins on his forehead throb. Lifting up the Myriads Sword, he threw it towards Wu Meng Chuan like a bolt of lightning.

Followed by a soft thud, the Myriads Sword pierced through Wu Meng Chuan’s abdomen, nailing him firmly to the ground and instantly staining it with his blood.

Wu Meng Chuan struggled hard, but he was unable to break free.

The next moment, Yang Kai waved his hand to release the Embodiment again, and ordered in an exhausted manner, “I’ll leave it to you!”

Although the Embodiment had not participated in this battle, he had still clearly seen the happenings outside the Sealed World Bead, so as soon as he was summoned, he immediately went forward to Wu Meng Chuan and slammed his palm down on him.

*Honglong… *

The earth shook as the place where Wu Meng Chuan was had been completely covered by a gigantic palm.

The Embodiment’s eyes burst with light and he bellowed in excitement, “Heaven Devouring Battle Law!”

With the activation of the Secret Art, the extremely pure energy of Wu Meng Chuan flowed out of his withering body and was inhaled into the body of the Embodiment.

Not long after that, the Embodiment cried out oddly. The cry was a mixture of joy and excitement; mysterious power was building up in his gigantic body.

Seeing this, Yang Kai knew that the Embodiment was about to break through his bottleneck.

Wu Meng Chuan was right; if the Embodiment could devour him, he could break through with ease. This had nothing to do with who cultivated the original Secret Art or who cultivated the copy.

Wu Meng Chuan had schemed for hundreds of years to reach this point, but in the end, all his best-laid plans profited others at his expense. If he had known that it would end up like this, he probably would never have passed the Heaven Devouring Battle Law to Yang Kai back then.

But then again, how many people in this world would have an Embodiment like Yang Kai’s, who could cultivate the Heaven Devouring Battle Law without suffering from its backlash? Also, how many cultivators could actually beat Wu Meng Chuan while still in the Dao Source Realm?

The Blood Spirit Bottle alone was enough to overwhelm ninety-nine percent of all Dao Source Realm cultivators.

As for the others who cultivated the Heaven Devouring Battle, they would be just a piece of cake to Wu Meng Chuan if they ever met.

Excessive exhaustion struck as Yang Kai’s nerves finally loosened. Somehow managing to not pass out, Yang Kai slowly sat down cross-legged, stuffed a bunch of Spirit Pills into his mouth, and started to adjust his breathing with his eyes closed.

On the other side, the Embodiment continuously let out weird yet excited screams that were as loud as thunder.

Wu Meng Chuan’s aura was growing weaker and weaker as the Embodiment continued to devour his strength, and it seemed that he would die very soon.

All of a sudden, the Embodiment let out a cry of surprise, as if he discovered something. With his palm further pressing into the ground, accompanied by a cracking sound, Wu Meng Chuan’s whole body exploded like a popped melon, so badly mutilated that he could not be more dead.

The Embodiment carried on his devouring.

After a while, the Embodiment stopped and straightened his body, with his shrewd eyes hinting that he was deep in thought, quietly standing there for a long period of time.

His eyes became brighter and brighter as the light of enlightenment flashed across their depths. Soon, the Embodiment sat down cross-legged as well and performed a hand seal before turning motionless again.

There was no World Energy baptism or convergence of World Energy to accompany this breakthrough, the Embodiment simply seemed to fall into a certain state of deep sleep.

Time passed slowly and Yang Kai gradually opened his eyes after a full two days. Even though his body was still a little weakened, it did not hinder him from moving anymore.

He retrieved the Mountains and River Bell and the Myriads Sword first, then looked at the Embodiment.

Although he was focusing on his own recovery earlier, Yang Kai was still paying attention to the Embodiment, so he knew exactly what happened over there.

After watching for a while, Yang Kai could not help frowning.

Not only was the Embodiment’s aura waning, but Yang Kai could also sense that his Spiritual Energy seemed to be fading as well, as if he had really fallen into a kind of deep sleep.

However, Yang Kai did not dare to disturb him impetuously.

After all, the Embodiment did not have a physical body, and his promotion was very different from that of ordinary cultivators. Yang Kai was not sure if this situation was normal, as there was no appearance of a World Energy baptism.

The only thing Yang Kai could do now was to provide the Embodiment with some Source Crystals, so that he would have enough energy.

Thinking about this, he hurriedly took out a hill of Source Crystals from his Space Ring and piled them up next to the Embodiment.

But as soon as these Source Crystals were taken out, a magical force swallowed up all their internal energy, transforming them into a pile of useless dust.

Yang Kai’s heart skipped a beat after seeing this as he had taken out at least thirty million Source Crystals just now, but they were all gone now. This kind of consumption was a little too terrifying.

Fortunately, he did not lack Source Crystals, so he quickly replenished them.

The cycle repeated and repeated.

After hundreds of millions of Source Crystals from Low-Rank to High-Rank were thrown out, the devouring of Source Crystals by the Embodiment had finally slowed down.

In the following days, Yang Kai paid close attention to the condition of the Embodiment. Once the Source Crystals were consumed, he would take out some more.

More than half of the wealth that Yang Kai had acquired over the years was used up in this short period of time.

After a full month, the Embodiment finally stopped absorbing the World Energy from the Source Crystals. At this time, no matter how many Source Crystals Yang Kai placed beside him, he did not devour them anymore.

Yang Kai guessed that he must have reached a certain critical limit.

Perhaps… either success or failure was laid on one last stroke.

At a certain moment, Yang Kai, who was paying close attention to the movement of the Embodiment, suddenly heard a cracking noise.

He was slightly startled and had no idea what was going on, so he quickly released his Divine Sense to investigate it silently.

In the next moment, a scene in front of Yang Kai took him aback.

A crack had appeared on the body of the Embodiment, as if a wall that had not been repaired for many years could no longer handle the overwhelming load and was about to shatter.

This discovery made Yang Kai feel unsure. In theory, the Embodiment had devoured Wu Meng Chuan so he should be able to break through his bottleneck and rise in strength.

However, the Heaven Devouring Battle Law was supposed to be cultivated by humans, and no one knew what would be the result if a Stone Puppet cultivated it.

Just when Yang Kai was still in doubt, he heard the sound again, and this time it was persistent.

More cracks appeared on the Embodiment, crisscrossing with each other.

*Hualala…*

After a while, large pieces of rubble fell down from the Embodiment.

Yang Kai’s eyes twitched as he was extremely worried.

After all these years of cultivation, the body of the Embodiment had basically gotten to the point that every part was as tough as an Emperor Artifact, and an ordinary attack would be impossible to harm him.

But now, the surface of his body was cracking and falling off.

[Is there something wrong?] Yang Kai was anxious, but he was powerless to help as he did not know what he could do now.

The situation persisted for not more than ten breaths of time, and a circle of rubble had been piled up around the Embodiment. This rubble was quite strange in that it rapidly disintegrated after falling down, as if it was not hard at all.

A while later, Yang Kai suddenly revealed a bewildered look and stared at the Embodiment in a daze.

He realized that after stripping off a surface of rubble on his body, the Embodiment actually shrunk in size.

Although his previous gigantic size was terrifying, his movements were restricted. Now after shrinking quite substantially, the Embodiment should be far more flexible.

[Is this a good sign?]

The Embodiment, or rather the Stone Puppet Clan, was considered a special existence, but since it could exist in this world, it must be permitted by natural law. His growth and evolution should inevitably develop towards a more beneficial route.

This present situation might be the process of his evolution.

*Kacha… *

Another crisp sound was heard, and Yang Kai noticed the cracks happened again on the surface of the, now smaller, body of the Embodiment.

With the previous experience, Yang Kai was not as nervous this time and instead just quietly observed the changes of the Embodiment.

Unsurprisingly, after the cracks appeared to a certain extent, a surface layer of the Embodiment peeled off again, and he shrunk for the second time.

This situation continued for several days and the Embodiment underwent six reductions in size during this time.

It was not until the end of the sixth shedding that it finally settled down.

The waves of aura from the Embodiment’s body began to rise again, ultimately reaching a degree that frightened even Yang Kai.

That was definitely the aura that could only be possessed by an Emperor Realm Master.

Although there was no Earth-shaking promotion process or World Energy baptism, the Embodiment now certainly had a power comparable to that of Emperor Realm Masters.

Together with the Heaven Devouring Battle Law and the Demonic War Hammer, the Embodiment, who was already a special type of existence, could definitely exert incredible power.

Finally, the Embodiment opened his bright eyes that now glowed with vigour and showed a satisfied look on his face.

“How is it?” Even though Yang Kai had witnessed the process and outcome, he still could not help stepping forward and asking about it.

The Embodiment slowly straightened his body.

Although he had shrunk six times, the Embodiment was still about three times the height of a regular man when he stood up. His huge body was as polished as a rock washed by the sea for countless years, which even Yang Kai felt a sense of oppression from.

“Feels good!” The Embodiment grinned, but his inherited angular-featured face of the Stone Puppet clan actually made his smile look silly.

After a pause, he continued, “Although I feel many times stronger than before… I need to get more comfortable with my new body!”

He stretched out his hand and clenched his fist while speaking.

His body shape had gone through tremendous changes so the Embodiment was not used to it yet, and he unquestionably had to go through a period of adjustment to move about freely.

Yang Kai nodded, “Take your time getting used to it.”

Saying so, he stretched out his hand, preparing to collect the Embodiment back into the Sealed World Bead.