Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2486, Great Emperor’s Skeleton

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Shattered Source Strength was already difficult to be refined and absorbed, not to mention a complete Star Source, so Yang Kai could only grab it first and deal with it when he had free time in the future.

After succeeding, Yang Kai immediately teleported and disappeared.

The few people who were fighting soon noticed the disappearance of the Star Source and became steaming mad when they found no trace of the culprit, cursing endlessly.

At this moment, the three girls, Liu Yan, Zhang Ruo Xi, and Mo Xiao Qi had already rushed towards another Star Source.

Mo Xiao Qi no longer kept her strength hidden. Previously when she was fighting with Lan Xun, she only used some Secret Techniques that she learnt, holding back at least half of her abilities. Now that she needed to compete for Star Sources, though, she directly summoned her army of Monster Beasts with a wave of her hand.

Silver Maned Linger, Heaven Escaping Bat, Red Fire Qilin, Blue Eyes Black Scale Flood Dragon…

All kinds of Monster Beasts surrounded her and these beasts roared ferociously as they rushed forward. The cultivators before this army were petrified and quickly gave way.

Liu Yan had also summoned her White Tiger Heaven Grade puppet, and even though there may be some gaps in strength compared to a genuine Emperor Realm Master, it was not something Dao Source Realm cultivators could contend with. The unique Emperor Aura terrified countless cultivators.

Although Zhang Ruo Xi did not have strong minions like Mo Xiao Qi and Liu Yan, her strength did not fall behind them. Using some unknown Secret Technique, she released an astonishing aura that inexplicably gave a strong sense of oppression to others, causing not only the nearby cultivators to retreat, but even Mo Xiao Qi’s Monster Beasts to shiver in fright.

Mo Xiao Qi glanced suspiciously at Zhang Ruo Xi, secretly amazed.

As the daughter of the Martial Beast Great Emperor, Mo Xiao Qi was born with an innate ability to communicate with Monster Beasts, so she could clearly feel the panic and fear in her pets at this moment.

The bloodline of her tamed Monster Beasts was exceptionally noble and pure, many of them direct descendants of variants of Ancient Divine Spirits, making them vastly superior to ordinary Monster Beasts. They were all personally selected for her by the Martial Beast Great Emperor.

These pets would go all out without the slightest fear even when facing Emperor Realm Masters.

But after Zhang Ruo Xi released her unique aura, these beasts all began trembling, as if they were naturally suppressed, some of them even whimpered at Zhang Ruo Xi.

Mo Xiao Qi was completely dumbfounded because this whimpering carried the meaning of flattery. Sometimes, when she was throwing a tantrum, and purposely ignored her beast pets, they would use this method to get her attention, making her feel sorry for them.

But now, these pets that were dauntless in front of Emperors were actually pitifully trying to appease this unknown little girl.

What was happening?

Mo Xiao Qi had not paid much attention to Zhang Ruo Xi before, because she was always quiet and low-key, keeping to herself and not trying to cause a scene; however, after such a disturbance, Mo Xiao Qi suddenly realized that Zhang Ruo Xi must have her own secrets, and these secrets were clearly related to Monster Beasts. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

She was full of queries, but it was inconvenient to ask questions now, so Mo Xiao Qi just kept her doubts in her heart and vowed to look for answers later.

Although the skills of these three girls were quite varied, they were unstoppable when they joined forces. Wherever they went, everyone retreated.

With just some slight effort, they snatched a complete Star Source, and after some quick negotiations, Mo Xiao Qi happily put the Star Source into her Space Ring.

Yang Kai watched them from the side for a while and once he was convinced they did not need any help, he turned away and focused on fighting with the others.

The space above the Source Sea was raging now as many complete Star Sources constantly rose from below, causing countless cultivators to fight for them.

Yang Kai relied on his proficiency in the Dao of Space to move about erratically. With the further complement of the Star Refining Art, whenever a new Star Source emerged, he could rush to it immediately and snatched it away.

Those cultivators competing for Star Sources were still puzzled at how their prizes were mysteriously vanishing.

As time passed, Yang Kai continued to flicker here and there alone in the Source Sea, obtaining more and more Star Sources.

He had gained more than anyone else by a large margin.

Speed was the most important attribute when it comes to snatching benefits from others in such a chaotic place, so Yang Kai, who was proficient in the Dao of Space, being able to teleport freely, undoubtedly had the upper hand in this competition.

Half a day later, the emergence of Star Sources from below slowly decreased, and every time one did appear, hundreds of people would race towards it.

It was not easy to secretly compete in such a situation, even for Yang Kai, so after much effort, he finally snatched a Star Source from the crowd, leaving hundreds of people there accusing each other and devolving into a frenzied melee.

The sea gradually calmed down after another half day. Everyone waited for a long time but no new Star Sources could be seen.

It seemed that all the complete Star Sources had been taken.

Nevertheless, battles amongst cultivators were still ongoing. Those cultivators who once grabbed Star Sources became the targets of others and for a while, screams could be heard all over the Source Sea, with numerous bloodied cultivators falling, dying the Source Sea red with blood.

Yang Kai moved agilely above the nightmarish Source Sea and found Liu Yan and the others.

Perhaps everyone was afraid of the terrifying power shown by Liu Yan and the others, so no one targeted them and left the three of them in peace.

After seeing Yang Kai arrive, Mo Xiao Qi immediately greeted him with a smile and squealed, “Big Brother Yang, Big Brother Yang, we got a lot of Star Sources!”

Just when the words fell, countless fiery eyes turned to them from all directions.

The Source Sea had now gathered thousands of cultivators, so only a small number of people had obtained Star Sources, whilst most of the others had not even seen one up close.

As such, Mo Xiao Qi’s words had undoubtedly caught their attention.

Mo Xiao Qi immediately realized she had misspoken and playfully stuck out her tongue.

Yang Kai swept across the surroundings with his eyes and let out a cold snort before unreservedly releasing his aura, causing the surrounding space to shake.

Those cultivators who looked covetously at Mo Xiao Qi changed their faces drastically, and after weighing their own strengths against Yang Kai’s group, they unwillingly turned their gazes away.

Mo Xiao Qi whispered, “Each of us got two or three Star Sources.”

She revealed a face full of excitement, while the faces of Zhang Ruo Xi and Liu Yan were also flushed red, apparently very satisfied with their harvest.

“Not bad, not bad!” Yang Kai nodded with a smile.

Their group of three had apparently snatched at least seven or eight Star Sources in total. If they could find a time to refine this extremely rich harvest, it would be of huge help for their future growth.

However, Yang Kai gained a lot more compared to them.

Although he did not have a precise count, he alone snatched at least thirty Star Sources.

Every Cultivation Star would only give birth to one Star Source; therefore, thirty Cultivation Stars were needed to produce thirty Star Sources.

From what he had just witnessed, Yang Kai guessed that there were around three to four hundred Star Sources that had appeared from the Source Sea.

In other words, the Heaven Devouring Great Emperor devoured at least three to four hundred Cultivation Stars in order to leave such a luxurious legacy after his death.

This kind of behaviour and practice was beyond the word ‘madness’.

“We can’t stay here any longer. Since there are no more Star Sources, it’s better for us to leave,” Yang Kai turned to look around with a frown on his face.

Mo Xiao Qi replied, “I will follow Big Brother Yang.”

Yang Kai gave a nod, but just as he was about to take them out of this war zone, something strange suddenly occurred below the Source Sea.

The red sea seemed to have received some kind of traction, and it started to swirl slowly. Not long after, the entire Source Sea began to rotate.

A subtle suction emerged and alarmed all the cultivators in the sky above the Source Sea.

They gasped and stared down at this phenomenon one after another.

A massive whirlpool gradually formed in the centre of the Source Sea, and as the Source Sea rotated, the red sea water continuously flowed into this vortex and disappeared without a trace.

The whirlpool seemed to be swallowing space itself, causing a chill to run up the spines of those who were watching the scene.

The influx of seawater was getting more rapid and violent, and in the span of just a few breaths’ time, the area of Source Sea had shrunk by more than half.

A while later, the entire Source Sea vanished, the vast sea that originally filled this region leaving only a small black hole behind at its former center.

Inside this black hole, however, a skeleton could be vaguely seen, sitting cross-legged, extremely pale white. It was obvious that this person had been dead for countless years, but the blurry image also showed that a Space Ring remained on one of its bone fingers.

Everyone was dumbstruck at this scene and stared at the Space Ring with their fiery eyes, as if they could not wait to bite it.

*Gudong… *

A series of gulping sounds was heard.

“What is this skeleton? Who died here?”

“By the looks of it, this person has been dead for at least a few ten thousand years.”

“A few ten thousand years… The War of Emperors also happened a few ten thousand years ago, and there were a total of five Great Emperors that fell during that war.”

“This is the skeleton of a Great Emperor! This ring… is the Space Ring of a Great Emperor!”

The cultivators continued to gather near the black hole from all directions. In an instant, the surroundings were crowded with people and it was buzzing with exciting discussion.

Most of them were guessing which Great Emperor the skeleton belonged to.

Yang Kai, however, just shuddered.

Because he had just heard from Lan Xun that the Source Sea was where the Heaven Devouring Great Emperor had fallen, and now he happened to see a skeleton that had been left here a few tens of thousands of years ago. All these clues led to him concluding…

“Xiao Qi!” Yang Kai gently shouted, casting an inquiring look at her.

Mo Xiao Qi’s face was slightly pale as she affirmed nervously yet excitedly, “This is probably the skeleton of that Sir!”