Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2500, Another World Force

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The force released from the Sealed World Bead was surprisingly similar to the World Force descending upon Yang Kai, as if both of them were of the same source.

“Another World Force?” Wu Kuang exclaimed in astonishment.

“How can he utilise World Force? Where is he producing it from?” Duan Hong Chen was surprised too.

Yang Kai was not in the Emperor Realm yet, and even a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master who had cultivated for a long time would still be unable to use this kind of power. Only Great Emperors could begin to comprehend World Force, and only Great Emperors were qualified to slightly utilize it.

The primary difference between a Great Emperor and a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master was their ability to comprehend World Force.

If one could comprehend World Force, he or she would be qualified to become a Great Emperor, superior to any Third-Order Emperor Realm Master.

But now, unexpectedly, Yang Kai released a beam of World Force. Although its power was still inferior to genuine World Force, it was simply akin to the difference between a father and a son. It was different, but could still be considered World Force.

Both Great Emperors were deeply shocked, much more shocked than when they saw the Golden Divine Dragon Source or the Mountains and Rivers Bell.

“Is it because of that bead?”

Wu Kuang looked at the Sealed World Bead with scorching eyes and a thoughtful look on his skeletal face. If he was not afraid of the World Force, he would have already released his Divine Sense to examine the bead. Therefore, he did not know what type of artifact the Sealed World Bead was.

With Wu Kuang able to see through this mystery, Duan Hong Chen was naturally able to as well. Staring at the Sealed World Bead with his brows furrowed, Duan Hong Chen tried to match it with the renowned artifacts in his memory, but to no avail.

He seemed to have never seen this artifact before.

Duan Hong Chen was bewildered. He had lived for tens of thousands of years and he believed that it was basically impossible for him to not recognize any famous artifact from the Star Boundary.

However, this strange bead appeared in front of him and proved him wrong.

No matter what the bead really was, Yang Kai being able to use World Force must have something to do with it!

[Is it an Ancient Exotic Artifact?] A single frightening thought came up in Duan Hong Chen’s mind, but soon, he denied his speculation, because all Ancient Exotic Artifacts were easy to identify as they had an aura that was completely unique and unconcealable, just like the Mountains and Rivers Bell.

The Sealed World Bead had a small world inside of it, and since it contained an independent world, it naturally possessed its own World Force too. As the owner of the Sealed World Bead, Yang Kai’s mind was connected with the Sealed World Bead and he could easily extract the World Force out of it to confront the awe-inspiring catastrophe.

Nevertheless, it was just a small world inside the Sealed World Bead, impossible to compare to a real Great World.

The difference in the strength of the two World Forces could be noticed at a glance.

*Hong long long… *

The World Force of the Sealed World Bead rushed upwards and soon collided with the World Force from the real world.

Yang Kai observed nervously. If even this failed to resist the oncoming onslaught, he would only have one last card left in his sleeve, which was to release his Demon Qi seal and transform into the Ancient Great Demon to overcome this disaster.

However, Yang Kai was not sure if he could re-seal the Demon Qi again after doing so. It had been several years since the last time the seal was released, so in theory, the Firmament Tree planted in the Sealed World Bead should have accumulated sufficient sealing strength, as one year of its growth in the medicine garden was equivalent to a hundred years outside.

Would it not be possible to seal the rioting Demon Qi with a few hundred years of sealing strength?

Unfortunately, this method had a drawback. Every time the seal was released, Yang Kai would need more sealing strength to suppress the Demon Qi again, so Yang Kai would never pull out this ace unless it was a last resort.

Who knew if the sealing strength of Firmament Tree would be insufficient to seal the Ancient Demon Qi this time? If that happened, he might permanently become demonized, losing himself in madness and murderous rage. Yang Kai did not dare to underestimate the potency of the pure Demon Qi from the Ancient Great Demon.

In the next moment, the world itself shook.

The strange sealed space seemed to be breaking apart.

Wu Kuang’s and Duan Hong Chen’s faces turned pale simultaneously.

The two beams of World Force clashed together, delivering an impact beyond imagination, it was as if two worlds had crashed together, and the vicissitudes of the world were merely a moment away.

It could be seen clearly that the World Force produced by the Sealed World Bead was gradually melting away, obviously no match against the World Force from the real world.

But as it melted, Yang Kai felt that the pressure on him was greatly reduced. This discovery made Yang Kai’s face brighten up.

When the World Force of the Sealed World Bead disappeared completely, Yang Kai formed a hand seal as his face turned solemn, desperately pushing his Source Qi and fully opening his Knowledge Sea, releasing a rush of Spiritual Energy.

The Mountains and Rivers Bell shone brightly once more, and the world-suppressing aura became more and more aggressive.

The remaining World Force seemed to be struggling, but with Yang Kai’s last desperate bet, the World Force was directly suppressed by the Mountains and Rivers Bell.

*Hong…*

A loud explosion occurred as the Mountains and Rivers Bell fell a short distance in front of Yang Kai, and the light on its surface gradually dimmed, while the remaining World Force was overwhelmed and sealed beneath it.

The aftermath of the impact faded slowly, everything returned back to normal.

Yang Kai looked frail and battered, yet he was giving off a peculiar aura at the same time. With a wave of his hand, countless Source Crystals poured out, burst into dust, and turned into pure World Energy.

Yang Kai’s body turned into a bottomless pit at once and madly devoured the surrounding World Energy.

His weakened aura rose steadily, and soon reached the peak of the Dao Source Realm, but it did not stop there. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

At a certain moment, Yang Kai suddenly heard a loud crack coming out of his body, and he felt lighter all of a sudden. A comforting, refreshing feeling was spreading all over his body, while, the Source Qi in his body was also experiencing a huge transformation. Even his over-consumed Knowledge Sea was filled up in an instant.

The whole world seemed to be notably different from before.

Yang Kai felt like he had been reborn, and every strand of his muscles was invigorated with power, each containing terrifying strength beyond anything he had ever experienced before.

Emperor Intent permeated the air, clear and identifiable, dense and thick.

Emperor Realm!

It had been several dozen years since he began to cultivate at the age of thirteen, and today he had finally reached the Emperor Realm. After going through numerous life and death crises, even though there was still a long way to reach the true peak, Yang Kai had finally earned the qualification to climb that mountain.

With excitement, he let out a long howl and rushed straight into the sky.

“He actually… succeeded!” Wu Kuang blurted in amazement.

“Luckily you had the foresight to not agree, otherwise you would have had to kill yourself in front of this Old Master,” Duan Hong Chen spat disdainfully, annoyed that Wu Kuang had cautiously declined his bet. Things would have been simpler if he had just accepted.

“How is it possible that he succeeded?” Wu Kuang’s face turned dreadfully ugly.

As the Heaven Devouring Great Emperor and the top Master in the Star Boundary’s history, he always believed that no one could surpass him in any aspect.

But today, someone did.

Even though it was just the scene of being promoted to the Emperor Realm.

Wu Kuang himself also had many difficulties when he was breaking through to the Emperor Realm, but it was far from the horrors that he had witnessed today.

Given the tribulations that this little brat had encountered when he was breaking through, one could imagine how bright his future would be. Previously, Duan Hong Chen remarked that Yang Kai would surpass Wu Kuang in the future, and the latter only took it as just a joke, but now, it seemed that it might really be possible.

How could a person with such outstanding strength and aptitude, in addition to possessing so many precious treasures, lack achievements in the future?

Wu Kuang could not help feeling a bit lost, a first for him in his lifetime.

Suddenly, his face changed drastically and he turned to Duan Hong Chen and fumed, “Old thing, how dare you deceive me! Curse you!”

Wu Kuang flew into a rage as Duan Hong Chen had secretly been acting against him the entire time.

Duan Hong Chen cracked up, “It seems that you really care about that little brat, you didn’t even notice the trick that this Old Master performed until now, but it’s too late.”

When speaking, Duan Hong Chen surged his Emperor Qi and the Divine Tree Bai Yi, which had been covering him, instantly became as red as blood.

The Divine Tree Bai Yi was a Wood Attribute Source, and was originally emerald green in colour; but now, it somehow turned blood red and revealed a dreadfully strange aura.

“How dare you swallow the vitality and blood that I have worked so hard to collect!” Wu Kuang barked. He then looked at Duan Hong Chen incredulously, “If you push the Divine Tree Bai Yi’s Source Strength in such an aggressive manner, you will destroy it! When that happens, how do you plan to explain to Iron Blood!?”

Duan Hong Chen replied solemnly, “Iron Blood knew that this Old Master was not planning to return, so he allowed this Old Master to handle the Divine Tree Bai Yi’s Source as he wished. I would really like to see how you can restore your body without any vital essence now! What can you do with this skeleton that has slept for tens of thousands of years? I believe the answer is… nothing!”

“Damn! All of you want this King to die, but this King is not going to grant your wish!” Wu Kuang roared hysterically.

Duan Hong Chen sneered, “You are powerless to make a comeback. Just die obediently. I’ll accompany you to hell to make sure you are not lonely!”

When the words fell, Duan Hong Chen rushed directly towards Wu Kuang with a flicker, hovering in mid-air. The Emperor Qi in his body rioted violently, sending out an extremely disturbing aura.

“Self-destruction?” Wu Kuang’s eyes quivered wildly. He had never panicked before, even during the time when he was besieged by all the other Great Emperors in the past. However, when he saw Duan Hong Chen decisively pounce on him, he could not help being frightened.

Although Duan Hong Chen was currently just a First-Order Emperor Realm cultivator, he still had a Great Emperor’s background. Therefore, if he really decided to self-destruct, Wu Kuang would definitely be unable to bear the damage and would truly have to accompany him to hell.

“How dare you push this King to this extent!? Duan Hong Chen, don’t go too far!” Wu Kuang yelled and immediately performed a hand seal. The Primordial Astral Wind that was billowing between him and Duan Hong Chen suddenly grew fiercer and gave off a dreadfully dangerous aura.

Duan Hong Chen’s face darkened. He knew that he had cornered Wu Kuang and the latter was now planning to blow up the Primordial Astral Wind.

The Primordial Astral Wind was a Wind Attribute Source, and the power of its self-destruction would be unimaginably devastating.

It would be a pity if that little brat named Yang Kai died in the aftermath of their battle; however, when the arrow is on the bowstring, it must fly; Duan Hong Chen could only hope that the Heavens would keep Yang Kai out of harm’s way.

Silavin: Original Title – Successful Breakthrough To The Emperor Realm