Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2508, Samsara

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In the raging flames, the earth was scorched into burnt ground, and the flowing yellow sands melted away.

A radius of a thousand metres around Liu Yan was turned into a magma-like zone, searing terrifyingly.

The gigantic Fire Phoenix phantom hovered behind Liu Yan, its majestic phoenix eyes akin to those of Divine Spirits from ancient times looking down at her with disdain and mockery. Enveloped by the phantom, Liu Yan actually gave up using her strength to resist and simply allowed the flames that could burn everything in existence to consume her, her dainty face scrunching up in pain.

Two streams of Divine Sense were communicating with each other in the void.

One was as weak as an ant, while another was as powerful as a divine being from the Heavens; the contrast was exceedingly obvious.

No one knew what they were communicating, but the mighty Divine Sense of Fire Phoenix Source Strength suddenly went berserk, accompanied by a cry while its flames burned more fiercely.

Yang Kai’s eyes twitched aggressively and he almost intervened.

Liu Yan had the body of a Spirit Puppet, unlike an ordinary cultivator; however, Yang Kai could not tell how long she could endure under the burning of the Phoenix True Fire. If she could not withstand it anymore, she was bound to be burned to death.

Just as Yang Kai was about to make a move, he stole a glance at Liu Yan and stopped abruptly due to sensing something odd.

He found that even though Liu Yan’s expression was twisted in extreme pain, there was a sense of peace and calm on her brow. She looked dreadfully strange as her face contorted with two completely contradictory emotions.

Suddenly, another cry was heard. Although it was not as loud and clear as the phoenix’s cry, it was crisp and melodious. In the next instant, a three feathered fiery-red bird transformed from Liu Yan’s body.

It was Liu Yan’s original form!

Yang Kai looked at her solemnly. Despite all the molten sand whipping about, blocking his sight, he could still see everything clearly with his Divine Sense.

It had been a long time since Liu Yan showed her original body. The image of Liu Yan in her original body during their first meeting flashed across his mind vividly. At the time, Yang Kai thought that she was a Fire Spirit, but only after some probing did he realize she was an Artifact Spirit of an Artifact Refining Furnace.

Liu Yan must have been forced to reveal her original form.

As soon as the strange Firebird appeared, it shot towards the sky, riding the clouds and winds, and instantly reached the head of the Fire Phoenix, flying around it.

The Fire Phoenix cried endlessly and spread its fiery feathers, releasing monstrous heat waves to the surroundings. Liu Yan’s original body was struck by the heat waves again and again, like a small ship in the stormy sea, ready to drown her at any time.

The fluctuations of Divine Sense never stopped, as Liu Yan kept trying to converse with the Phoenix True Fire.

Yang Kai could not tell exactly what Liu Yan was doing as he only saw her flying and dancing around the Fire Phoenix unceasingly, sending out her Divine Sense to communicate.

The irascible phantom of Fire Phoenix slowly calmed down, retrieving its spreading fire feathers. However, its eyes were still filled with disdain, as if the whole world was beneath it.

Seeing this situation, Liu Yang moved a little closer to Fire Phoenix, seemingly trying to make it accept her.

The process was incredibly slow.

After working hard for a long time, Liu Yan finally drifted on top of Fire Phoenix’s head, gently combing the feathers on its crest.

The Fire Phoenix leisurely closed its majestic eyes.

[Did she succeed?] Yang Kai frowned slightly, as he did not understand the situation now.

Logically speaking, Liu Yan definitely had a significantly higher chance of successfully refining the Fire Phoenix Source Strength than anyone else, because Liu Yan herself was a Fire Attribute Artifact Spirit whose origins were quite close to the Phoenix True Fire.

The monstrous coercion gradually decreased and the gigantic Fire Phoenix phantom slowly retracted into Liu Yan’s body. The scorching heat lost its source and dissipated at once, leaving only the boiling magma and semi-solidified yellow sands covering a large area of the ground.

Following the Fire Phoenix, Liu Yan’s original figure returned to her human form.

Yang Kai used his Divine Sense to examine Liu Yan’s condition and he could not help but be taken aback.

Because right now, Liu Yan’s whole body was burning like she had been on fire for countless years. Her appearance did not seem to have a human profile and her previous beautiful hair was all gone.

All Yang Kai could see was a charcoal humanoid-like object.

If even the body of a Spirit Puppet could be burned like this, other cultivators might have already been turned into ashes a long time ago.

Yang Kai’s heart bled for Liu Yan, but he resisted the urge to help somehow while preparing himself to pluck another leaf from the Immortal Tree.

Liu Yan’s feeble Soul fluctuations suddenly pulsed from the burnt humanoid object.

Traces of crimson energy suddenly diffused out of her body, as if the flames were dancing, dazzling everyone’s eyes. The crimson energy had a terrifying aura that could burn everything, but also released an incredible vitality at the same time.

Phoenix True Fire!

It was rumoured that all Phoenixes were immortal and indestructible. Every one of their deaths were nothing but a nirvana of reincarnation, and it was this mystical Phoenix True Fire that created such a legend. Therefore, Phoenix True Fire possessed both the power of destruction and also an abundance of vitality. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Destruction was for the enemy, while vitality was for itself.

Soon, Liu Yan was engulfed by the crimson energy which was impermeable to the wind, and the crimson energy gradually solidified, forming a rock-like existence.

Liu Yan seemed to have turned into an egg that was about half the height of a grown man. Countless mysterious patterns could be seen on the eggshell, as if it contained profound secrets. Out of pure curiosity, Yang Kai glanced at her more than a few times, but suddenly felt that there was a pair of majestic eyes staring coldly at him in his Knowledge Sea, causing his Soul to tumble.

He was so frightened that he quickly averted his gaze.

It was the eyes of the Fire Phoenix. Yang Kai had no idea why it appeared in his Knowledge Sea, but he knew that if he continued to stare at the runic patterns on the egg, he might be attacked by a Soul Technique.

This should be the inheritance of the Phoenix Clan, and the patterns should be the secrets of the Phoenix Clan. Anyone who tried to spy on them without first winning approval from the Phoenix Clan would not meet a good end.

However, Yang Kai was relieved to see this situation.

Since the Phoenix Clan inheritance had emerged on the eggshell that wrapped Liu Yan, it meant that she had successfully convinced the Phoenix True Fire to accept her. With the Phoenix True Fire’s shelter, Liu Yan couldn’t die even if she suffered severe injuries.

All he needed to do now was to wait.

Wait for the moment of Liu Yan’s rebirth from the egg and witness the legendary scene.

Yang Kai did not expect that Liu Yan could refine the Phoenix True Fire in such a short time. Although the process caused much anxiety to him, it ended without any life-threatening danger.

He then sent a message to the Embodiment, asking him to pay attention to Liu Yan’s situation and inform him as soon as possible if something went wrong.

The Embodiment nodded.

After that, Yang Kai re-entered the Sealed World Bead.

Since the problem of the Phoenix True Fire was settled, then the next issue that he had to solve was the Small Sealed World.

Yang Kai released his Divine Sense everywhere and immediately received all the information about the Small Sealed World’s current state. After the extraction of the Sealed World’s World Force last time, tremendous damage was done. One-third of the entire Small Sealed World had turned into a chaotic mess that had no distinction between the ground and the sky. Many parts had been smashed together like a primordial soup.

These places were constantly collapsing, and the devastation continued to spread.

Judging from this situation, if he ignored it for another month, the Small Sealed World would completely collapse, and the Immortal Tree, Firmament Tree and all the precious herbs that were planted in his medicine garden would be destroyed.

Although Yang Kai could move all of these things away in advance, he was not comfortable with putting these treasures in another place, especially the Immortal Tree. Once people found out its existence, Yang Kai was afraid that the entire Star Boundary would usher in a reign of chaos trying to seize it.

Therefore, no matter what, Yang Kai wanted to stabilize the Small Sealed World as soon as possible, not for anything else, but to keep the Immortal Tree and the Firmament Tree safe and hidden.

With a serious expression on his face, Yang Kai stretched out his hand and a huge bell suddenly emerged in front of him.

The Ancient Exotic Artifact, Mountains and Rivers Bell!

Perhaps due to suppressing a large amount of World Force beneath it, the Mountains and Rivers Bell had not shrunk like normal and the mysterious patterns on its surface were continuously glowing. The ancient wild aura constantly permeated its surroundings.

When Yang Kai summoned the Mountains and Rivers Bell, he clearly felt that the suppressed World Force was colliding endlessly inside the Mountains and Rivers Bell, as if it was attempting to break free from its shackles.

After watching the Mountains and Rivers Bells for a time, Yang Kai performed a few hand seals with a solemn face.

The Mountains and Rivers Bell abruptly buzzed, and a gap was revealed in its world-suppressing force.

The suppressed World Force instantly turned into a stream of light, breaking free from the bell through the gap at lightning speed, like a cat perceiving a fish.

*Weng… *

Unimaginable coercion descended from the sky as an extremely strong will appeared from the darkness, hovering above Yang Kai’s head, conveying an aura of destruction.

Yang Kai’s body was being forced down by it.

During his breakthrough before, Yang Kai could not resist the bombardment of this World Force; however, he was different now, as he had become an Emperor Realm Master. The Emperor Qi in his body was pure and vigorous, and his strength had become ten times greater.

Moreover, this was the Small Sealed World, and even if it was damaged, the fact that he ruled everything in this world did not change.

Yang Kai looked up coldly, staring at the World Force that turned into a cloud of light, and with a single thought, the power of the Small Sealed World began to move.

Numerous formless hands reached out from all directions, firmly grasping the cloud of World Force.

The cloud of light buzzed, struggling constantly, but could not move an inch.

The World Force was no doubt a power imposed by the world outside, but it was just a cut-off remnant now, so how could it compete with the power of the entire Small Sealed World?

After capturing the World Force, Yang Kai quickly sat down cross-legged, and spread out his mind to the surroundings, enveloping the whole Small Sealed World in an instant.

Soon, Yang Kai had a strange feeling. He felt as if he had turned into the Small Sealed World, that there was no boundary between them anymore as they merged to become one.