Chapter 2521, Small Sealed World

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The blood drained from the faces of the cultivators who attacked Yang Kai. All of them were not weak; otherwise, they would never be able to go this deep into the Dragon Bone Wilderness, but they were one-sidedly defeated even after they attacked first.

[Where did this Master come from?!]

All of them stared at the wooden boat with wide eyes and horror.

“You are… Yang Kai!?”

After having a good look, it was a short and chubby man who recognized Yang Kai and immediately yelled in surprise.

As if they had seen a ghost in broad daylight, the others stared at Yang Kai in astonishment.

“Hm?” Yang Kai was stunned. Retracting his gaze from the anomaly in that strange space, he glanced down frowning, “Do I know you?”

The cultivators below look extremely unfamiliar to him. He was sure that he had never met them, so how did they know him? Although he was now an Emperor Realm Master, he was not so arrogant as to think his name and face had spread all throughout the Eastern Territory.

The pudgy cultivator knew that he had made a mistake and hurriedly shut his mouth, refusing to say another word, but when he met Yang Kai’s eyes, it was burning with hatred and anger, as if he had a great grudge against him.

“Senior Brother Yang, these people are the Legacy Disciples of Ju Tian Qing from Brahma Holy Land!” Lu Wen suddenly whispered behind Yang Kai.

Her main purpose in the Eastern Territory was to gather all kinds of information, so she was familiar with the origins of these people, and was quickly able to identify them with just a glance.

Yang Kai’s eyes flashed, and nodded, “Ju Tian Qing’s Legacy Disciples, good, very good!”

If his Legacy Disciples were here, it meant that Ju Tian Qing should also be nearby. According to the information disclosed by Jia Si, Ju Tian Qing was very likely to be with Zu Hong.

Excitement rose in Yang Kai’s heart as he would probably be able to find Gao Xue Ting after finding those two people.

A sudden realization struck him in the next moment, causing Yang Kai to grin and ask, “Did Yin Le Sheng tell you about me?”

Although Yin Le Sheng suffered a huge loss in the Shattered Star Sea at Yang Kai’s hands, he did not die. He made a deal and signed the Soul Contract with Yang Kai at the cost of revealing information about Xiao Xiao in exchange for Yang Kai bringing him out of the Void Crack.

With the Soul Contract, Yang Kai could not kill Yin Le Sheng even if he had the intention to, and could only watch him leave.

Yang Kai had only met a few Eastern Territory Masters in the Shattered Star Sea.

Yao Si, Chi Gui, and the others were not bored enough to spread his identity around, so only Yin Le Sheng would do such a thing.

He probably guessed that Yang Kai would come to Eastern Territory to look for Xiao Xiao, and informed the people of Brahma Holy Land in advance, which explained why he was recognized by these cultivators.

[That bastard is truly despicable, trying to murder me with a borrowed knife!]

Yin Le Sheng would have no idea that Yang Kai had already broken through to the Emperor Realm.

The pudgy cultivator did not deny Yang Kai’s statement, simply gritting his teeth and snorting, “Good, it was Senior Brother Yin from Netherworld Sect who told me about you.”

“What else did he say?” Yang Kai asked with a snicker.

The pudgy cultivator bellowed in a low voice, “He said that Zhang Hao and Zhang Xian, the two Holy Sons, died tragically at your hand!”

Yang Kai nodded, “En, it seems that you people from Brahma Holy Land have been searching for my whereabouts.”

The pudgy cultivator snorted, “The two Holy Sons were my Brahma Holy Land’s hope for the future, and they were killed by you! Do you think the Holy Land would let this slide? If you are smart, follow us back to the Holy Land to meet with our Elders and Holy Master, and maybe your punishment will be lighter, refuse, and Brahma Holy Land will chase you to the ends of the world, no matter where you hide, you will not be able to escape death.”

Yang Kai was indifferent, “You don’t have the skills to talk about my death, but it is up to this Master if you are going to die here.”

The faces of the pudgy cultivator and his companions changed drastically, immediately staring at Yang Kai vigilantly.

Yang Kai’s gaze swept across them before turning back to a certain point in the sky behind them and asking bluntly, “Is Ju Tian Qing in there?”

The pudgy cultivator was shocked and stuttered, “What are you talking about…”

There was a look of panic on his face, obviously trying hard to hide something.

With a cold snort, Yang Kai took a step forward and reappeared directly above their heads, both of his hands rapidly forming a set of hand seals while he manipulated the Space Principles around him.

The pudgy cultivator and the others turned pale all of a sudden, as if a mountain was pressing on top of their heads, each of them finding themselves out of breath and their blood flowing backwards, completely unable to resist Yang Kai.

“Emperor Realm!”

Only now did these people realize Yang Kai was already an Emperor Realm Master. The pudgy cultivator shuddered when he thought about how he had shamelessly boasted in front of an Emperor, and a chill spread from his head to his toes.

[No wonder this Yang Kai could so easily resolve our joint attack just now. It turns out that this bastard has already broken through to the Emperor Realm! The gap in strength is huge, we’re not his opponent!]

[But why… Why is a newly promoted Emperor Realm Master this powerful?] The pudgy cultivator did not even feel such a powerful aura from his Honoured Master, Ju Tian Qing.

Was this boy stronger than his Honoured Master? But how was that possible? His Honoured Master had been an Emperor Realm Master for centuries and had a completely consolidated foundation! How could a cultivator who just broke through be comparable to him?

Just what was happening?

Just as the pudgy cultivator was lost in confusion, a wave of ripples suddenly appeared somewhere in the sky, caused by Yang Kai’s manipulation of the local Space Principles.

As the ripples spread, a dark corridor suddenly appeared. The pitch-black corridor was seemingly endless, and in front of the entrance of the corridor was a very primitive animal skin, exuding a peculiar power. It seemed that the existence of this animal skin was the key to opening this Void Corridor.

“That’s…” Lu Wen’s beautiful eyes lit up as she pointed at the animal skin, “That’s the animal skin I found!”

Yang Kai raised his brow as he confirmed that he was at the right place.

It was just that he did not expect a Small Sealed World to be hidden here, and the way to open it was with this animal skin.

“No, this animal skin is bigger than the one I found, about twice the size…” Lu Wen suddenly frowned.

Yang Kai replied lightly, “Because the one you found was only one half, and the other half is here. It’s now obvious why Elder Gao needed someone to solve this problem, because she realized that the animal skin was incomplete. She probably wanted to find the owner of the other half.”

Yang Kai’s eyes flashed as he turned to stare at the pudgy cultivator below, “Answer me, did the other half of this animal skin belong to your Master?”

It was a simple question, but it was laced with Yang Kai’s Spiritual Energy.

Yang Kai had benefited a lot from the Soul battle between the two Great Emperors in his Knowledge Sea, and was now far more proficient in the usage of his Soul. Supplemented with his already powerful Spiritual Energy, forcing information out from a Dao Source Realm cultivator was as simple as breathing.

Sure enough, even though a hint of resistance flitted across his face, the pudgy cultivator was unable to resist the coercion from Yang Kai’s Soul and soon replied mechanically, “Yes.”

Yang Kai narrowed his eyes, “Was there a woman who came to your Master for help more than a month ago?”

“Yes!”

“What is your Master planning?”

“Honoured Master went to Earth City’s City Lord, Zu Hong, whom he had a good relationship with, to join forces and defeat that woman to take all the secrets stored in here.”

Yang Kai was furious upon hearing this and a murderous aura so cold that it seemed a winter blizzard had descended surged out of him. Snorting heavily, he shouted, “What is the difference between working with that woman and working with Zu Hong? Why not just split the secrets of this place equally? Why did Ju Tian Qing need to make such a fuss, at the cost of offending another Master of the same level?”

The pudgy cultivator answered honestly, “Honoured Master said… that woman still retained her Primordial Yin, and she was very strong, so if he could capture her and refine her Primordial Yin, he could break through to the Second-Order Emperor Realm. It is not easy to find a woman with a First-Order Emperor Realm cultivation, especially one with her Primordial Yin intact. Compared with the secrets here, Honoured Master was more interested in her.”

“How dare he!” Yang Kai roared loudly, his face looking extremely terrifying.

The pudgy cultivator spewed out a mouthful of blood when he was released from the Soul pressure and fell into a state of total shock upon realizing that he seemed to have revealed some incredible information.

The other cultivators looked aggrieved as well, but due to their inferior strength, they did not even dare to say a word.

“Sir, it should not be too late, you should go in now,” Zhang Ruo Xi urged worriedly. Malevolent aura churned inside her as she glared at Ju Tian Qing’s disciples with her beautiful eyes, and her tone became cold as she assured him, “Leave them to me.”

Yang Kai nodded and seethed, “Kill them all.”

Zhang Ruo Xi shouted in a low voice, “Yes!”

Including the pudgy cultivator, there were five cultivators here, but only two of them were Third-Order Dao Source Realms. The pudgy cultivator, whose Soul had been heavily injured by Yang Kai just now, was one of those two and, as a result, he would probably not be able to use even half of his strength. Among the other three, two of them were Second-Order Dao Source Realms while the last was just First-Order.

Based on Zhang Ruo Xi’s previous performance in Purple Mountain City’s arena, it would take some effort for her to defeat them, but it should not be a problem.

What’s more, Zhang Ruo Xi was wearing a defensive Emperor Artifact, the Pink Clouds Phoenix Robe, so Yang Kai had no worries about her safety.

This little girl still had a lot of potential for growth, and a life and death battle was the best whetstone for the current her.

Therefore, there was no need for Yang Kai to bother with others weaker than him as he could leave them to Zhang Ruo Xi to deal with, saving him time and allowing her to grow.

After giving orders, Yang Kai stepped out and came directly to the front of the surging Void Corridor. He stretched out his hand to press the animal skin lightly, and with the surge of Space Principles, his hand vanished, followed by the rest of his body into the darkness.

This Void Corridor was currently concealed and sealed, so others may not have been able to enter it, but thanks to Yang Kai’s proficiency in the Dao of Space, entering was as simple as pushing a door for him.