Chapter 2522, Ancient Medicine Garden

Translator: Silavin?&?Danny

Translation Checker:?PewPewLazerGun

Editor and?Proofreader:?Leo of Zion Mountain?&?Dhael Ligerkeys

The misty Small World was filled with a rich and dense World Energy that seemed to be milky in colour. At a glance, the whole space seemed to be filled with fluffy cotton.

The entire Small World was only about a dozen kilometres wide and seemed more man-made than natural.

It was most likely crafted by an ancient and powerful Master.

Various rich medicinal fragrances permeated the air.

The ground with a radius of more than a dozen kilometres was split into dozens of square plots of land. Most of these plots were empty, but had fertile soil. It seemed that someone had just recently collected all the herbs here as there were still traces of it being dug up.

This was an unbelievable discovery. Never would anyone have guessed that there would be an ancient medicine garden in this Small Sealed World!

Yang Kai could only imagine the numerous exotic plants planted on these fertile plots, and how many miraculous and precious spirit medicines were accumulated over the years.

Only two squares of the medicine garden were still well preserved, covering an area of two to three square kilometres. In these two squares, there were many kinds of exotic plants well over the age of ten thousand years, growing vigorously. The rich medicine fragrances that filled the air actually came from these two plots.

These two plots were covered with a faint golden light curtain, acting as a kind of protective barrier.

At this moment, Gao Xue Ting was sitting cross-legged at a certain spot in the medicine garden, recovering from her wounds with her eyes closed. Her aura was weak, her face as pale as snow, and her hairpins were dislodged in multiple places, causing her hair to be dishevelled. The Emperor Artifact Radiant Sun Mirror was hovering above her, shrouding her with a soft, gentle light.

There were blood patches on her white snowy dress, a particularly large one still oozing out from a wound on her abdomen.

She seemed to have undergone a huge fight as her Emperor Qi was almost exhausted and her tender body could not help shivering even while she was healing herself.

Although there were countless precious spirit grasses and elixirs here, they could not restore her combat strength in a short time.

Outside the golden light curtain, a man was repeatedly striking the barrier with his glowing blade, the Burning Ocean of Stars Blade. Every blow resulted in an Earth-shaking explosion, causing the light curtain to vibrate unstably, as if it could be broken at any time.

Yang Kai did not know who had created this light curtain that, while seemingly fragile and weak, was in fact exceptionally strong. It still remained intact after being attacked for such a long time by the man with the glowing blade.

The man was shouting like a madman, furious at the light barrier that separated him from Gao Xue Ting.

Suddenly, Gao Xue Ting opened her eyes and she glared coldly at the man who was attacking the barrier, remarking lightly, “Ju Tian Qing, this Queen has known you for hundreds of years, but I didn’t know your true colours until now. You really surprised me.”

Ju Tian Qi fumed, “Slut! This King is going to make plenty of love to you after breaking this barrier!”

Disgust and anger flashed across Gao Xue Ting’s eyes as she bellowed, “Give it up! This Queen will never let you touch a strand of her hair even if she needs to self-destruct.”

Ju Tian Qing snorted coldly, “That will depend on whether you have the opportunity. You are seriously injured now, and it’s dreadfully difficult for you to even move a muscle. Once this barrier is broken, the rest is not up to you to decide.”

Gao Xue Ting retorted, “This Queen is an Azure Sun Temple Elder. If I die here today, you will be chased to death by Azure Sun Temple in the future!”

Ju Tian Qing growled as he sneered, “Azure Sun Temple is truly strong, and this King has great respect for the strength of your Temple Master Wen Zi Shan, but so what? Your Azure Sun Temple can act domineering in the Southern Territory, but this is the Eastern Territory! Even if Temple Master Wen is strong, he can’t make a scene in the Eastern Territory. Haven’t you heard the phrase, ‘even the mighty dragon is no match for the native serpent’? Since this King has plotted this out, he is naturally not afraid of retaliation from your Temple!”

After hearing this, Gao Xue Ting could not help revealing a look of despair. Fortunately, she managed to activate the barrier left behind in the medicine garden by some Ancient Master. Given her current dire condition, she could only hide in the medicine garden; however, she had no idea how long this barrier could last. Once Ju Tian Qing succeeded in breaking through, she would not be able to fight back.

Her plan was that once the barrier was destroyed, she would immediately self-destruct and end her life without letting this vile man contaminate her purity.

A man who had a playful smile on his face and a lazy tone of voice, whose attitude always seemed to anger others, unrestrainedly surfaced in of her beautiful eyes and the fierce gaze of Gao Xue Ting was slowly replaced by a sense of gentleness.

[What does it matter that I was raised by you? I’m not a child! I’ve not been one since I turned eighteen years old!]

[It upsets me that even after I reached the Emperor Realm, I’m still a little girl in your eyes. You have never treated me as a woman.]

[If there is an afterlife, I don’t want to be raised by you again! I want to grow up healthy and stand in front of you again as a woman!]

“Brother Zu, are you done resting? If you are, how about you give me a hand?” Ju Tian Qing was a little anxious seeing that his attacks were in vain after such a long time, so he turned around and stared at another man who was sitting cross-legged not far away, adjusting his breathing, recovering from his injuries.

This man was the City Lord of Earth City, Zu Hong.

The cultivations of these three people were the same, First-Order Emperor Realm. If they really wanted to fight, their strengths would be on par with each other.

The reason Gao Xue Ting suffered such a serious injury was not that she was inferior to Ju Tian Qing, but because she was outnumbered.

Battles between cultivators in the same Realm were always extremely dangerous, yet Gao Xue Ting displayed her great strength by still being able to seriously wound one of them in a one-against-two situation.

Zu Hong’s face was pale, and his aura was fluctuating unstably. An enormous seal stamp engraved with countless beasts was placed beside him. As he breathed, the flesh on his body squirmed, and his wounds were gradually recovering. It seemed he cultivated a very mysterious healing art.

Hearing Ju Tian Qing’s calling, Zu Hong opened his eyes with a frown, “Brother Ju, you didn’t tell me that I would have to deal with an Azure Sun Temple Elder before coming here.”

Ju Tian Qing smiled, “What’s wrong? Are you scared, Brother Zu? It’s true that Azure Sun Temple does have some fame, comparable to my Brahma Holy Land, but… since it is a Sect of the Southern Territory, what is Brother Zu afraid of?”

Zu Hong replied, “Of course Brother Ju is not afraid. Brahma Holy Land has a great number of powerful Masters, but Azure Sun Temple is strong as well. After this, Brother Ju just needs to hide in Brahma Holy Land and Azure Sun Temple can do nothing about you even if they learn of your involvement; however, this Zu is unlike you. I’m just a mere City Lord. If Temple Master Wen Zi Shan really comes to the Eastern Territory, how is this Zu supposed to fight against him? I would just be slaughtered.”

The corner of Ju Tian Qing’s mouth twitched, “Brother Zu, don’t be bothered by unnecessary worries. No one will know about what we did here today. Even if Azure Sun Temple received some news about this, they don’t have enough evidence to prove us guilty. Brother Zu, there is nothing to be afraid of.”

Zu Hong shook his head, “It’s always good to be careful. Brother Ju has a huge backing, allowing you to enjoy a cool shade under a big tree. You don’t understand the difficulties of us Sectless people.”

Ju Tian Qing sneered, “We have already come this far, don’t tell me Brother Zu wants to back out now?”

After a pause, Zu Hong responded, “Of course not; after all, I have already joined hands with you to hurt Elder Gao. I’m afraid I won’t be able to get out of this deal even if I wish to quit.”

“Since you already understand, what are you still hesitating for?” Ju Tian Qing pressed on.

Zu Hong replied, “Previously, Brother Ju told me there were huge opportunities here, and offered to split those benefits evenly with me. This Zu accepted without any hesitations, but right now, it doesn’t seem that you are really going to split the benefits evenly with me!”

Ju Tian Qing was stunned and asked, “Why do you think so? This place is an ancient medicine garden full of countless rare and exotic spirit medicines. After we settle matters with her, we will evenly split these spirit medicines. Don’t you trust the credibility of this Ju?”

Zu Hong answered as he grinned, “Spirit medicines can be split evenly, but how about her Primordial Yin? Brother Ju, how are you going to share it with me?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After hearing this, Ju Tian Qing could not help putting on a puzzled look, questioning, “How can it possibly be shared?”

Primordial Yin was not an object and definitely could not be shared.

Zu Hong suddenly revealed, “Brother Ju has been stuck at the peak of the First-Order Emperor Realm for many years, and this Zu heard that you have cultivated a Dual Cultivation Technique in recent years. In order to promote your cultivation, you have collected Primordial Yin from many women and even two of your Legacy Disciples. If you really manage to capture Elder Gao today, isn’t Brother Ju going to break through his shackles, and break through to the Second-Order Emperor Realm?”

Ju Tian Qing was somewhat embarrassed after being exposed by Zu Hong, especially when Zu Hong mentioned the things that he had done to his two Legacy Disciples…

This matter should have been a well-guarded secret, so he had no idea how Zu Hong knew about it.

“I think I understand what Brother Zu means,” Ju Tian Qin nodded his head in acknowledgement, snorting lightly with some displeasure. “Brother Zu, just state your terms. We have been friends for a long time, you don’t have to beat around the bush.”

Zu Hong raised his eyebrows and grinned, “Calm down, Brother Ju. This Zu is just speaking the truth. This Zu would do his best to help Brother Ju break through his shackles. It is extremely hard to break through when in the Emperor Realm, and if Brother Ju gets an opportunity to reach the Second-Order Emperor Realm, it would really be a blessing from the Heavens, incomparable to the benefits that these herbs can bring.”

“Get to the point!” Ju Tian Qing was starting to be impatient.

Zu Hong continued with an embarrassed look, “About the spirit medicines here, this Zu wants to split the share in thirty-seventy; you take thirty percent, and I get seventy percent!”

Ju Tian Qing’s face darkened, “Brother Zu, aren’t you being too greedy? Every spirit medicine here has an age of over ten thousand years and many of them are Emperor Grade! I don’t know which Ancient Master owned this place, but there are many spirit medicines here that have long gone extinct. They are unobtainable treasures in the outside world, yet now you are telling me to give a seventy-percent share of them to you? How about you take the thirty-percent including this Elder Gao, while I get seventy-percent?”

Zu Hong smiled, “Why would I want Elder Gao? Although it’s good to have a beautiful lady, she has thorns all over her body; this Zu can’t afford to enjoy her. Besides, everyone wants to gain the most in every deal. Am I not trying to negotiate with Brother Ju now?”