Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2525, Teach A Lesson?

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

It was not difficult to refine a Mad Blood Pill as it was just a Dao Source Grade High-Rank Spirit Pill, but the ingredients for it were quite rare.

All the materials needed to refine this Spirit Pill were priceless Emperor Grade spirit medicines. Gao Xue Ting just happened to be very fortunate to have collected the appropriate materials, and then hired someone to refine one for safekeeping.

Once this Spirit Pill had been consumed, her innate potential would be fully stimulated and she would be able to exert the power of a Second-Order Emperor Realm Master even with just the cultivation of the First-Order Emperor Realm.

This was her trump card.

Even when she was cornered by Zu Hong and Ju Tian Qing, she resisted taking this pill, but now, she could not sit back and watch Yang Kai in danger.

She did not expect Yang Kai to stop her when she took out the Spirit Pill.

She smiled wryly. She knew that taking this Mad Blood Pill would cause great damage to herself that may lead to instability in her foundation, and even the decline of her current realm or the destruction of her meridians. There was even a possibility it would rupture her dantian, crippling her cultivation permanently.

But in this situation, she had no other hope except for the Mad Blood Pill.

“A brat like you should take care of yourself before taking time to take care of others’ affairs!” Ju Tian Qing growled, the Burning Ocean of Stars Blade in his hand yearning to cleave a sea of stars into Yang Kai, who was dodging and evading every attack without fighting back.

Although he was holding the advantage, for some reason, Ju Tian Qing had a very strange feeling that sent chills down his spine, as if something bad was about to happen.

“Elder Gao, this disciple is fine. You must not take that Mad Blood Pill!” Yang Kai’s erratic voice echoed in all directions.

Gao Xue Ting’s eyes brightened at Yang Kai’s confident words. She nodded lightly, “Good, I won’t take it, just be careful. Don’t overexert yourself and retreat to me immediately if all else fails.”

Yang Kai snorted loudly, “This disciple is not what he used to be. Two trivial First-Order Emperors are nothing to me.”

“Junior is simply too rampant with his words! This King will teach you how to show proper respect today!” Ju Tian Qing was furious, and his power rose to another level.

Zu Hong’s face was also green from rage, and without saying a word, he worked harder to activate the power of the Ten Thousand Beasts Seal. The Souls of Monster Beasts continuously shot out of the large seal, turned into phantom forms, and rushed towards Yang Kai.

Suddenly, Yang Kai’s figure froze at a certain place and he stared towards Ju Tian Qing with a pair of icy eyes.

Ju Tian Qing could not help but shudder at his stare as for some reason, the thought of escaping growing in his heart. He forced himself to resist the increasing fear and spurred a frenzy of sword waves towards Yang Kai. Suddenly, thousands of light explosions occurred, filling the sky above them. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yang Kai commented coldly, “This Young Master is afraid that you don’t have the qualification to teach him how to show proper respect.”

He flicked his fingers as soon as he finished speaking, long and narrow Moon Blades emerged leisurely. There were as many as several dozen of these Moon Blades, crisscrossing in mid-air, forming a net large enough to envelope the entire land as they shrank towards a certain point.

Li Wu Yi gave him a stone in which his understanding of the Dao of Space was ingrained. In that one month, Yang Kai absorbed all the mysteries of the Dao of Space contained inside that stone like a leech. Now, his attainment in the Dao of Space had improved by leaps and bounds.

*Chi chi chi…*

The dark Moon Blades charged forward, like a dark web that devoured everything in its path, annihilating the thousands of sword lights and even the Monster Beast Souls Zu Hong summoned were cut to pieces, reducing several dozen of them to points of light in an instant.

“What kind of ability is this!?” Ju Tian Qing was shocked, retreating continuously as he bellowed. He could clearly feel the deadly threat of the Moon Blade net, and knew that he would be severely injured if not dead if he was hit by them head-on. Instead of meeting the attack directly, he would rather run as far as he could.

In a rush, he raised his blade again to resist the attack.

But he was horrified to realize that no matter how many blades he produced, the black net could not be cut apart.

In the blink of an eye, the big black net was right in front of him.

Ju Tian Qing’s face turned pale, and the urge to panic and escape swelled up inside him.

At this moment, the space around him suddenly seemed to freeze, locking him firmly in place.

“Space Principles!” Ju Tian Qing exclaimed, his eyes almost popping out of their sockets.

He recalled some information disclosed by Yin Le Sheng from the Netherworld Sect only now. Yin Le Sheng had said that this little brat named Yang Kai was proficient in the Dao of Space.

It was just that Ju Tian Qing did not take this warning seriously; after all, the Dao of Space was one of the most difficult Daos to cultivate. How could someone he had never heard of before be proficient in it? Countless people in the Star Boundary dreamt of cultivating the Dao of Space, but how many actually succeeded?

There was only one; Li Wu Yi from Spirit Beast Island.

As a trivial Junior, even if Yang Kai grasped the basics of the Dao of Space, it should not have been enough to be used against enemies in battle.

But at this moment, Ju Tian Qing realized that Yang Kai’s accomplishments in the Dao of Space were beyond his imagination. Even if it was not on par with Li Wu Yi, it was not far off.

[There’s no point in fighting!]

Everyone knew that cultivators who were proficient in the Dao of Space were the hardest to kill, because even if they were placed in a life-threatening situation, they could easily escape.

[No wonder he was able to enter this Small Sealed World. As an Emperor Realm Master who is proficient in the Dao of Space, entering a Small Sealed World like this that had just been opened would be as simple as breathing!]

As those distracting thoughts flashed across Ju Tian Qing’s mind, blood seemed to stop circulating around his body and his hands and feet grew as cold as ice. In this critical moment, he bit his tongue and spouted a mouthful of Blood Essence, causing his aura to surge.

At the crucial moment of life and death, he activated an extremely powerful Secret Technique.

This finally allowed him to move his body.

*Chi chi chi…*

A strange noise was heard, and together with Ju Tian Qing’s screams, blood suddenly shot out like a fountain.

Zu Hong looked around frantically and was stunned.

He saw that one of Ju Tian Qing’s arms was cut off right above his shoulder. The cut was neat and clean; and from the cross-section of the wound, Ju Tian Qing’s violently beating heart could be seen.

*Si…*

Zu Hong gasped, unable to believe his eyes.

What was going on? He clearly saw Yang Kai being forced into a corner by Ju Tian Qing, so how did Ju Tian Qing suddenly receive such damage?

He could not help feeling a little dizzy, which also caused the Monster Beast Souls that flew out of the Ten Thousand Beasts Seal to fall into disarray, scurrying about like headless flies in agitation.

“Yang Kai, we will meet again and this King will remember you! One day, this King will rip your corpse into ten thousand pieces in vengeance for this lost arm!” Ju Tian Qing bellowed with a ferocious face and immediately turned around to fly towards the entrance.

He wanted to escape.

It was undeniably the wisest choice.

With one of his arms cut off, he suffered heavy losses from Yang Kai. It would be detrimental to him if he continued to fight with his strength reduced.

What’s more, Yang Kai was a cultivator who was proficient in the Dao of Space, so there was no way to kill him in the first place. It was only natural for Ju Tian Qing to escape first.

He would go back to the Holy Land and gather reinforcements first. As long as Yang Kai was still in the Eastern Territory, they would find him even if they had to turn the entire territory upside down, trap him, then shred his corpse!

Ju Tian Qing was cursing both out loud and in his heart and his whole body was burning in rage like an erupting volcano.

Yang Kai did not even chase after Ju Tian Qing, however, instead choosing to stand aside and watch him escape with a strange mocking grin on his face.

Zu Hong was frozen for a moment, but seeing that the situation was deteriorating, he quickly put away the Ten Thousand Beasts Seal and followed Ju Tian Qing.

He was already badly injured, and now that Ju Tian Qing had run off, he would just be courting death if he remained.

Cursing endlessly in his heart, he resented his hundreds of years of friendship with Ju Tian Qing. It was too unkind of him to have escaped without any concern for Zu Hong. During such times, the only person he could trust would be himself.

The two left hastily, one after the other, and arrived at the entrance of this Small Sealed World in the blink of an eye.

With one arm chopped off, Ju Tian Qing could only endure the pain in his heart and perform the necessary hand seals with one hand to open the entrance.

He had created a secret entrance before he came in, which could only be revealed with a secret method, for Zu Hong to follow after him. So, it was also convenient for him to leave this small world.

However, even after sending out the seals, the entrance did not open.

Ju Tian Qing’s face changed and the colour suddenly drained from his face as he gulped, as if he realized a terrifying truth.

Zu Hong, who still had not realised the situation, urged vigorously, “Brother Ju, quickly open the entrance, what are you doing?”

Ju Tian Qing answered darkly, “It can’t be opened.”

“Why not?” Zu Hong was shocked, fighting the strong urge to slap Ju Tian Qing to death. It was impossible to tolerate a screw up at this crucial moment.

“Hahaha,” Yang Kai appeared abruptly behind the two of them, looking at them with a smile on his face, “After this Young Master came in, he sealed up the entrance. Without this Young Master’s approval, no one else can access this place again.”

“What?” Zu Hong was horror-struck, “How, how can you have such ability?”

Ordinary people couldn’t seal off the entrance to a Small Sealed World as they wished.

Ju Tian Qing looked devastated as his heart dropped into the depths of the abyss and continued to sink. He only spoke in a bitter voice a moment later, “Brother Zu, this little brat is proficient in the Dao of Space…”

As if struck by lightning, Zu Hong was dumbfounded and froze in place.

Yang Kai snorted coldly, “We will meet again? Elder Ju, this Young Master doesn’t like to procrastinate. Didn’t you want to teach me how to show proper respect? Come here, hurry up and teach me a lesson. This Young Master is waiting.”

Ju Tian Qing’s spirits fell to the bottom of the valley and his mouth tasted bitter after being mocked so ruthlessly by Yang Kai; unfortunately, he could not refute a word.

The light in his eyes was dim as he slumped, “Little brother, what happened today is our fault, but no permanent damage has been done. How about we just let this matter go?”

Yang Kai’s face hardened, “This Young Master is not very good at showing proper respect, are you going to teach him a lesson or not?”

Ju Tian Qing grew agitated, “Why insist on being so overbearing?”

“If you’re not teaching, I will!”