Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2635, Miraculous Technique

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Right before everyone’s eyes, Yang Kai’s appearance changed dramatically.

His original somewhat handsome face was transformed into a dull, ordinary look with Shi Tian He’s Disguise Technique, which An Ruo Yun and the others watched with wide-eyed amazement.

They would not believe that a simple Disguise Technique could change one’s appearance to such an extent if they did not witness it with their own eyes.

After about an hour of effort, Shi Tian He smeared some material on Yang Kai’s face for the last time before nodding, “It’s done.”

She took a few steps back while An Ruo Yun and Ji Yao immediately drew in to have a closer look, and they were shocked to find that there was absolutely no flaw in this disguise. It seemed as though this man in front of them was born with this plain and dull appearance.

The only thing that was unchanged was Yang Kai’s aura.

However, there were not many people who had met him in Seeking Passion Sect, except for Feng Xuan and Yao Zhuo, so as long as he did not reveal his aura in front of them, they probably would not be able to notice anything.

Bing Yun’s enchanting eyes lit up, “What a miraculous technique. Tian He, your Disguise Technique is amazing.”

It could be seen how breathtaking Shi Tian He’s technique was from Bing Yun’s appraisal.

Flabbergasted, An Ruo Yun asked, “Tian He, where did you learn this from? Does the Dong Family in Serenity City have such a technique?”

Although Shi Tian He was her disciple, she was certain she did not teach Shi Tian He this technique. Therefore, it was obvious that she learned it when she went to Serenity City, but how could a trivial small family possess such a magical technique?

Shi Tian He shook her head in denial, “This Disguise Technique was not from the Dong Family. Disciple learned it from a stranger.”

“A stranger?” An Ruo Yun was stunned.

Shi Tian He explained with a reminiscent look, “It was almost sixty years ago. There was a beggar who came to Serenity City. He was dishevelled and despised by most people. One day, he was beaten and collapsed in front of the Dong Residence. This disciple saw him when she came back from an outing and asked someone to carry him to the storage shed in the courtyard to allow him to recover. After that, before he was about to leave, he came to this disciple and passed on this Disguise Technique to her as a gift of gratitude. This disciple didn’t take it seriously at that time, but later when I tested it during my spare time, I realized that this Disguise Technique was nothing short of astonishing.”

“A beggar…” An Ruo Yun and Ji Yao looked at each other, unable to believe this story.

“That man was certainly no beggar, but rather some powerful Senior Expert.” With a flash in her beautiful eyes, Bing Yun continued, “Tian He, you obtained such an opportunity due to your kind heart. Good deeds result in good karma.”

An Ruo Yun and Ji Yao nodded one after another in agreement.

If that person was really an ordinary beggar, how could he have such a miraculous Disguise Technique? It was almost certain that ‘beggar’ was a powerful Master who had a penchant for playing pranks. Some Masters had such strange character quirks, enjoying pretending to be weak to mix with the common people instead of living a more normal life.

“It is a bit unfortunate…” Bing Yun sighed.

“How so, Honoured Master?” An Ruo Yun asked.

Bing Yun explained, “That Senior is probably, in a way, looking for a successor. Unfortunately, Tian He did not meet his requirements, so he didn’t pass down his mantle and instead just gifted her this Disguise Technique as a sign of gratitude.”

“Too bad indeed,” An Ruo Yun nodded in agreement.

If one could really obtain the inheritance of such a Master, perhaps Shi Tian He would already be an Emperor Realm Master like Zi Yu, and the Dong Family would not have been exterminated. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Did the beggar look… ugly and cunning, with a mouthful of yellow teeth?” After listening for a while from the side, Yang Kai suddenly asked.

Startled, Shi Tian He replied, “Martial Uncle Yang knows this Senior?”

“Yeah… I most likely know him…” Yang Kai nodded his head with an exasperated expression.

A stranger who could sublimate a simple Disguise Technique to such a degree, and also happened to be an ugly and cunning beggar… Yang Kai already had an idea of his identity in his mind.

It was reasonable that this technique could carry out such a miraculous effect if ‘he’ was the source.

Seeing that Yang Kai did not intend to discuss the stranger’s identity further, Bing Yun did not press him on it, instead remarking with a nod, “This Disguise Technique is truly amazing. Even if this Queen was the one inspecting it, I would likely still be fooled.”

“Then this plan is feasible,” Yang Kai beamed.

Bing Yun was still worried, however, “The enemies outside are still quite strong though. If anything goes wrong, how will you escape? It would be better to let Tian He disguise this Queen’s appearance to carry out this plan in person.”

Yang Kai hurriedly shook his head in disagreement, “I’m afraid that is not a feasible plan. Senior, you are a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master, so if you were to go out and accept the Recruitment Order, Feng Xuan or Yao Zhuo would certainly be informed and come to inspect the situation. You will be exposed as soon as either of those two appear before you, but it is different for me. Junior is just a First-Order Emperor, so my cultivation will not be enough to alarm them. Once I enter their ranks, I should still be placed in an important position though, which is convenient for us to execute our plan. Say no more, Senior. This matter is settled, and you don’t have to worry about my safety. If any unfavourable situation happens, I’ll run away immediately.”

Bing Yun sighed as she knew that Yang Kai had made up his mind, “Then you must be careful.” It was fruitless to try and persuade him anymore, so she just advised him gratefully.

Yang Kai nodded, “I still need Senior’s help on one more thing!”

“Just speak your mind.”

“I need a lot of Space Spirit Crystals. It would be best if I could have some Space Spirit Jade.”

“Good,” Bing Yun nodded, “I will ask someone to check the storehouse. If there are Space Spirit Crystals and Space Spirit Jade, I’ll have them brought to you.”

Both Space Spirit Crystal and Space Spirit Jade were in great demand in the Star Boundary, because these two things were the main materials for refining Storage Artifacts, such as Space Rings and Space Bracelets.

In comparison, Space Spirit Jade was a grade higher than Space Spirit Crystal.

Although Bing Yun had no idea what Yang Kai wanted to do with these Space Spirit Crystals and Space Spirit Jades, she agreed to his request without any hesitation or questions.

“Tian He, disguise your Martial Aunt Ji Yao’s appearance too,” after instructing Shi Tian He, Yang Kai turned to Ji Yao, “Junior Sister Yao, I’ll get ready first and we’ll depart tonight.”

Ji Yao glanced at him and nodded slightly without question.

Then, Yang Kai immediately exited the hall with a flicker.

After leaving the palace, Yang Kai did not return to his courtyard, however, and instead rushed to the edge of Ice Heart Valley.

Not long after, he arrived at the place on the Sect Defending Array where he and Ji Yao had entered from a few days ago.

“Who goes there?!” Zhang Sun Ying, who was still guarding this place, instantly dashed out from her hiding place as soon as she sensed his arrival, staring at Yang Kai with a cold face, the rest of her disciples also moving to surround him.

“Junior Sister Zhang Sun!” Yang Kai grinned at Zhang Sun Ying, “It’s me, don’t be nervous.”

“Are you… Senior Brother Yang?” Zhang Sun Ying furrowed her brows slightly and asked, befuddled, “How did you become like this?”

She was indeed taken aback by the sudden appearance of a strange man. She thought that the Sect Defending Array of Ice Heart Valley had been penetrated imperceptibly, otherwise, there would not be an incident here.

But after hearing his voice, Zhang Sun Ying knew that this strange man was none other than Yang Kai, it was just that the change of his facial features was so drastic that she could not recognize him at all.

“I was ordered by Senior Bing Yun to do something outside. Please open the Spirit Array for a moment.” While speaking, Yang Kai pointed at the array.

“Good, wait a moment!” Zhang Sun Ying did not refuse his request. She did not verify this matter with Bing Yun because Bing Yun had informed them that Yang Kai was a friend to them and they should accommodate all his requests without needing to report to her.

Zhang Sun Ying took out a token and put it on her hand. After carefully observing the situation outside and confirming that there was no one nearby, she gently shook the token towards the light curtain of the array.

A mysterious light beamed, and a crack suddenly appeared on the tightly closed barrier.

Yang Kai instantly flew out of the array as he sent Zhang Sun Ying a Divine Sense transmission, “It may take as short as two to three days or as long as five to six days, but I’ll definitely return to this spot. At that time, I’ll have to trouble Junior Sister Zhang Sun to open the array for me again.”

“No problem!” Zhang Sun Yin quickly responded. After confirming Yang Kai’s departure, she sealed the Spirit Array.

“Why is Martial Uncle Yang going out now disguising himself like this?” Yu Dan approached and asked curiously.

Zhang Sun Ying shook her head, replying, “I’ll report to Honoured Master to ask.”

Previously, when Yang Kai made the request, she did not report to verify his intentions because she simply obeyed Bing Yun’s orders. Now that Yang Kai was gone though, she still needed to inform her Honoured Master about it.

She immediately took out her communication artifact and poured her Divine Sense into it.

Inside the temple, Bing Yun soon noticed it and took out her communication artifact, smiling wryly as when she saw the message inside.

Below her, Ji Yao was still sitting there being disguised by Shi Tian He, preparing for ‘tonight’ when she would depart to Ice Moon City to receive the Recruitment Order together with Yang Kai, unaware that Yang Kai had just thrown her off and left on his own.

Bing Yun did not know how to explain this to Ji Yao, but she could see that Yang Kai did this on purpose. She had no idea what happened between her Third Disciple and Yang Kai, which was causing Yang Kai to avoid Ji Yao.

…..

Ice Moon City was Ice Heart Valley’s connection to the outside world and where it gathered almost all of its supplies and information from.

But since half a year ago, not a single Ice Heart Valley disciple could be seen in Ice Moon City.

Seeking Passion Sect came to Ice Moon City and seized it with overwhelming force, turning this place into its temporary stronghold while recruiting a large number of talents who coveted Ice Heart Valley’s wealth and assets. When the time was right, the Seeking Passion Sect planned to deliver Heart Valley a fatal blow to completely destroy it.

The majority of the properties in the city which belonged to Ice Heart Valley were now in ruins, with the resources having long been looted.

At this moment, there was a giant signboard with two big words inscribed on it in front of a grand palace in the Ice Moon City.

Recruitment Hall!

This was the place where the Seeking Passion Sect recruited outside aid.

Ever since Seeking Passion Sect sent out their Recruitment Order, it had attracted many cultivators to serve it by promising them countless benefits. Otherwise, it would be impossible for even a top Sect like Seeking Passion Sect to gather a hundred thousand people under its banner.

Among these people, many of them were either cultivators who lacked cultivation resources or Emperor Realm Masters who had ulterior motives. They were moved by the benefits promised by the Seeking Passion Sect and stayed to serve.