Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2638, Abuse Of Power

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

After sneering for a while, Feng Chi looked up at Yang Kai and asked Cao Xu, “Another Emperor Realm Master?”

If it was someone who was led personally by Cao Xu, it must be an Emperor Realm Master.

“Yes!” Cao Xu answered courteously.

“Good, very good!” Feng Chi cackled, giving a light nod and cupping his fists towards Yang Kai, “Friend, may I ask for your name?”

Although he looked much older than Yang Kai, according to the laws of the Martial Dao, whoever was stronger would be senior, regardless of age. Since Yang Kai was an Emperor Realm Master, he had the qualification to be addressed as a peer.

“Greetings from Xiao Bai Yi to Elder Feng,” Yang Kai smiled faintly without losing his manners.

“So, it is Brother Xiao!” Feng Chi raised his brow, “May I know where Brother Xiao comes from?”

Yang Kai replied, “Southern Territory, Azure Sun Temple.”

“Southern Territory?” Feng Chi could not help frowning. There were many Emperor Realm Masters who received their Seeking Passion Sect Recruitment Order recently, but none of them were from the other territories; Yang Kai was the first.

He threw a quizzical gaze at Cao Xu, to which Cao Xu hurriedly explained, “Elder Feng may rest assured that there are no problems. Elder Sun has verified Young Master Xiao’s identity.”

Feng Chi nodded, “Elder Sun Ping is an attentive and careful person. Since he says there are no problems, then that must be the case. Brother Xiao arrived just in time, I am currently short of some people on my side right now and need to put you to work immediately.”

“Elder Feng, order as you may. Since this Xiao has already received the Recruitment Order, I’ll naturally listen to your commands,” Yang Kai responded while waving his hand fan.

“Come and have a look!” Feng Chi gestured to Yang Kai to come forward and pointed at the array board.

Yang Kai folded his fan and stuck it behind his back before taking a few casual steps forward to observe the array board intently.

The terrain of Ice Heart Valley was clearly outlined on the array board. Beyond the outline were countless glowing dots, indicating the strong and tight forces that fenced Ice Heart Valley.

Although he did not really understand the array board, Yang Kai was still aware of the critical situation of Ice Heart Valley.

“This Sky Extracting Array Board was laid by Grandmaster Nanmen in person. It’s for the convenience of this Feng to guard this place and plan strategies. It really saved me a lot of trouble.” Feng Chi’s words were full of praise for Grandmaster Nanmen.

“Grandmaster Nanmen is indeed an expert in Spirit Arrays. His craft is truly breathtaking.” Yang Kai commended him too.

Feng Chi smiled lightly, and pointed at a certain place, “Young Master Xiao, this Old Master hopes that you could guard this place and watch over the array flag set up by Grandmaster Nanmen, so as to prevent anyone in Ice Heart Valley from jumping out of the wall in desperation and causing problems.”

“No problem. Is my task only to watch over the array flag there?” Yang Kai looked up and asked.

Feng Chi remarked pensively, “This matter is very important. Once the array flag is disturbed, the layout of the array would be hindered, and it will give Ice Heart Valley breathing space. Therefore, it is necessary to have an Emperor Realm Master take charge of each flag. But in general, there should not be any problem as Ice Heart Valley has not made any moves since they were first besieged. Even so, Young Master Xiao cannot be careless.”

“Understood,” Yang Kai nodded solemnly.

Feng Chi nodded too, “Besides, this Old Master would also assign five hundred men under Young Master Xiao’s command. When Grandmaster Nanmen is ready, Young Master Xiao will be responsible for taking these five hundred men to activate the array flag and connect it with the other array flags. When that happens, we will be able to break the Sect Defending Array of Ice Heart Valley in one strike. Then, we shall dive straight to the enemy’s den and wipe out Ice Heart Valley.

Yang Kai cupped his fist, “I’ll not disappoint Elder Feng.”

“Good, good, good.” Feng Chi repeatedly nodded as he was truly satisfied with Yang Kai’s attitude, “Cao Xu, since you are familiar with the terrain nearby, you shall take Young Master Xiao over there. The five hundred men will arrive later.”

“Yes!” Cao Xu received the order and immediately led Yang Kai outside.

With them flying at full speed, they soon arrived at the location designated by Feng Chi.

Looking around, less than a hundred people were guarding the huge array flag, which was actually hidden in the Void. Yang Kai scanned the area with his Divine Sense, and could only detect an inkling of its presence.

The one hundred people below stared up at them in alarm at the arrival of Cao Xu and Yang Kai.

Cao Xu swept across the place with his eyes, bellowing, “Who is in charge here?”

A middle-aged man came out and cupped his fists, “Senior Brother Cao, it’s me!”

Cao Xu looked at him and nodded, “So, it is Junior Brother Huo Han.”

No doubt, he recognized this Seeking Passion Sect disciple.

“Senior Brother Cao, this is…” Huo Han queried as he glanced at Yang Kai curiously.

Cao Xu announced with a clear loud voice, “This is a Core Disciple of the Southern Territory’s Azure Sun Temple, Xiao Bai Yi. Young Master Xiao has received our Seeking Passion Sect Recruitment Order, and was appointed by Elder Feng to guard this place from now on. I trust everyone here will listen to his orders.”

Curiosity crept onto everyone’s faces at the news that Yang Kai was actually from the Southern Territory’s Azure Sun Temple, but no one dared to voice out any questions and just obeyed with their fists cupped.

“In addition, Elder Feng will send another four hundred people here, and they will also be under the command of Young Master Xiao. Once Ice Heart Valley has been wiped out, everyone will be rewarded according to their contributions!”

The crowd was exhilarated after hearing the word ‘reward’, except for Huo Han and the other Seeking Passion Sect Disciples. All of them looked calm because they knew that once Ice Heart Valley was captured, most of the plunders would belong to their Seeking Passion Sect, leaving only some crumbs to the outsiders.

“Young Master Xiao, I’ll go back first. This place is in your hands now.” Cao Xu cupped his fists towards Yang Kai.

“En,” Yang Kai nodded with a lukewarm attitude, showing the demeanour of an Emperor Realm Master.

Cao Xu spoke no more, turned around, and left.

After he left, only then did Yang Kai sweep his eyes across the one hundred people below, and stated coldly, “I believe that everyone knows the background of this Young Master, and I also believe that everyone heard this Young Master’s task. In the days to come, everyone please cooperate with me. No one here can bear the consequences if anything were to go wrong.”

Huo Han cupped his fists in acknowledgement, “Young Master Xiao is right. We’ll obey as long as it’s the order of Elder Feng.”

Yang Kai nodded, “Good. Now here is my command!”

When the words fell, the faces of a hundred men turned solemn.

“Go and find some wood to build a cabin here for this Young Master!” Yang Kai pointed at a piece of flat ground nearby as he ordered.

Everyone was stunned. Initially, given the solemnity of his tone, they expected Yang Kai to give out some important command, but were dumbfounded when they heard that he just wanted them to build a cabin for him, especially Huo Han and the group of Seeking Passion Sect disciples who now looked annoyed.

They were disciples of the Seeking Passion Sect! When have they ever been ordered to do such menial tasks? Furthermore, Yang Kai was just a foreign Emperor Realm Master; who was he to act so rampant?

“What’s wrong? Was this Young Master not clear enough, or are all of you deaf?” Young Kai snorted coldly and released his Emperor Pressure, causing a devastating force to press down on the hundred men below, turning their faces aghast.

“We will obey the command of Young Master Xiao!” A person instantly cupped his fists.

He rapidly ran out after speaking. The person was not a Seeking Passion Sect disciple, but just someone who served under the Recruitment Order, so he did not have the courage to challenge Yang Kai.

The majority of the people present were like this man, so soon, more than ninety people among the hundred went out, leaving only six people including Huo Han behind.

These six people were obviously Seeking Passion Sect disciples, and due to their identities, they were not willing to yield to Yang Kai’s abuse of power.

Yang Kai snorted coldly again, increasing his Emperor Qi steadily as he warned, “This Young Master will not be merciful to those who don’t listen to his command. Let’s see how long you can hold out!”

Huo Han winced in pain as his face turned red, “This is abuse of power for personal gain! I’ll report this to Elder Feng!”

“Report?” Yang Kai sneered, “Elder Feng Chi has entrusted this Young Master to guard this place, so everyone here must follow my command. This Young Master just came here and all of you dare to refuse his first order? Even if I killed all of you to serve as a warning, Elder Feng would not put the blame on me!”

“You dare?!” Huo Han was infuriated.

“Why wouldn’t I!?” With a raise of his brow, Yang Kai further increased his Emperor Pressure.

“Pu pu pu pu… *

The rest of the Seeking Passion Sect disciples spat a mouthful of blood one after another, no longer able to withstand the pressure. Creaking sounds could be heard from their bones, as if they might break at any time.

Huo Han and the others were all taken aback. They thought that Yang Kai would give them some face given they were Seeking Passion Sect disciples, but they did not expect that this guy to be so ruthless, showing his severity on the first meeting.

The Seeking Passion Sect gave great freedom to invited Emperor Realm Masters as they needed their help right now.

Therefore, Elder Feng would certainly not help Huo Han and the rest out if he learned of this; in fact, he might even punish them further to appease Yang Kai.

At most, they could only retaliate against Yang Kai after the war.

“Young Master Xiao, stop!” Huo Han’s body was shaking. He could not bear the pressure of an Emperor any longer and his body bent so low he almost kneeled down on the ground. He did not dare to hold out against Yang Kai anymore at this point as a trace of panic finally appeared on his face.

If he was really forced to kneel down, he would lose all face.

“Then, will you obey my commands now?” Yang Kai questioned in a cold voice.

“Yes, absolutely! We will listen to your commands!” Huo Han and the others answered without hesitation.

“Idiots! You guys just have to suffer in order to learn!” Yang Kai snorted coldly and retracted his Emperor Pressure. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Huo Han and the others seemed to be drained, so all of them fell on their bottoms, their clothes drenched in sweat.

“Hurry up. If I don’t see a new cabin here within two hours, all of you will die,” Yang Kai bellowed.

Huo Han and the others swiftly got up and rushed out.

The efficiency of a hundred cultivators was no joke. It took only one hour instead of two for them to build an exquisite cabin on the flat ground.

Yang Kai was truly satisfied with the result, praised the crowd, then walked inside proudly, closed the door, and began to meditate and cultivate.

However, after the incident today, most of these one hundred people did not have a good impression of Yang Kai, especially Huo Han and the others. All of them glared at the cabin in hatred, secretly plotting to ask the Sect Elders to avenge them when Yang Kai was no longer of use.