Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2643, Return To The Desolate City

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai was very familiar with the Space Array diagram taught to him by Yang Yan.

If it were another Array Master, even for someone like Nanmen Da Jun, they would probably need three to five months to finish arranging this diagram and would also need to go through a lot of trial and error. Because Space Arrays naturally involved the mysteries of the Dao of Space, the Array Master trying to arrange it could only begin after having a detailed understanding of what they were doing.

But for Yang Kai, it was different. He was proficient in the Dao of Space and had a strong grasp of Space Principles, so he had a unique advantage when it came to arranging Space Arrays.

With Ji Yao’s assistance, within only half a day, the basic structure of an array had been formed. Pieces of Space Spirit Crystals and Space Spirit Jades were smelted and arranged on the array by Yang Kai, completing the structure and formations in it, gradually perfecting it.

A day later, Yang Kai finally let out a gentle breath when he finished polishing the last rougher portions.

“It’s finished?” Although Ji Yao asked in a neutral tone, there was shock that could not be concealed in her beautiful eyes.

Even if one hadn’t eaten pork before, how could they not know what a pig was?

A Space Array was one of the most difficult arrays to arrange, and it was said that it required a lot of manpower, financial resources, and time to complete. Currently, only a few Grandmasters in the entire Star Boundary had the ability to arrange one from scratch.

But Yang Kai had completed a Space Array before Ji Yao’s eyes in the Ice Lake in just a day.

“It’s finished,” Yang Kai nodded in affirmation and circled around the Space Array for a while, apparently quite satisfied with his masterpiece.

Although he had not set one up for many years, it was still very easy to pick it up; some skills simply could never be forgotten.

The Space Array Yang Kai had arranged was only about four metres across and could be regarded as small to medium-sized, capable of teleporting no more than ten people at a time. The foundation of the formation was deeply buried in the ground, and countless mysterious runes were engraved on it. The base of the array was white and pristine as a jade, as if it could lead one the Heavens upon activation.

Above the base of the array were a few hundred grooves, which were used to insert Source Crystals as a power source.

“Where can it connect to?” Ji Yao asked curiously.

Yang Kai shook his head and smiled, “It doesn’t connect anywhere yet, it’s an independent Space Array.”

“Independent…” Ji Yao was stunned, “Then what use is it?”

Space Arrays had to be connected to each other to be effective. Two Space Arrays needed to exist in different locations and be connected to each other to allow cultivators to travel between them.

An independent Space Array was useless.

“It’s useless now, but it will be useful later,” Yang Kai grinned.

Ji Yao did not know what Yang Kai had up his sleeves, but it was apparent that he was not going to disclose it, so she could only hold her doubts.

“Take me to the Space Array in Ice Heart Valley then send me to the place closest to the Eastern Territory. I’ll return to the Ancient Lands from there,” Yang Kai turned his head to Ji Yao.

Ji Yao’s beautiful eyes opened wide and she gently nodded obediently, “Follow me.”

Why did Yang Kai want to go to the Ancient Lands? She knew that he was going to get help. The forces supporting the Seeking Passion Sect were both strong and numerous, with at least thirty to forty Emperor Realm Masters among the ranks, including several at the Second and Third-Order. With Ice Heart Valley’s current strength, they had no chance of victory and would surely be wiped out in a frontal conflict with the Seeking Passion Sect.

However, if Yang Kai could bring help from the Ancient Lands, the situation would be different. After all, each Monster King was as powerful as Feng Xuan.

While the two were walking, Yang Kai spoke up, “I won’t be bidding farewell to Senior Bing Yun, please inform her on my behalf. It will take at least one month to as long as two months to return, but I will definitely come back. The Sect Defending Array of Ice Heart Valley should be able to hold on until then.”

“Good,” Ji Yao nodded gently.

“And…” Yang Kai added while taking out a jade slip and sending his Divine Sense into it, engraving something onto it before he tossed it to Ji Yao, “Take this and teach it to Ice Heart Valley disciples while I’m gone.”

Ji Yao caught the jade slip and checked its content curiously, her tender body shaking slightly after a moment as she asked in shock, “What Spirit Array is this?”

Recorded in the jade slip was not a powerful Secret Technique, but a mysterious Spirit Array. Ji Yao, who was a strong Second-Order Emperor, had broad knowledge and insight so she was able to identify its profoundness at a glance.

With the help of this Spirit Array, the strength Ice Heart Valley’s disciples could display would increase immensely.

“The Seven Points Black Tortoise Formation!” Yang Kai replied, “It was the legacy inheritance of the Black Tortoise Sect from the Eastern Territory.”

It was Qin Zhao Yang from Maplewood City who taught Yang Kai this Seven Points Black Tortoise Formation. At that time, Maplewood City was besieged by Demon Qi, and with much difficulty, they managed to form the Seven Point Black Tortoise Formation with the help of seven Dao Source Realm cultivators in order to venture out and seek a solution to the crisis. Unfortunately, their efforts ended in vain.

It was not that the Seven Points Black Tortoise Formation was weak though, but rather that the ones who were using it didn’t possess high enough cultivation or the necessary unity.

This Seven Points Black Tortoise Formation was a core technique of the Black Tortoise Sect from the Eastern Territory. Once seven individuals formed the formation, it could be used offensively and defensively, but it was especially strong to be used as a defence.

It was unfortunate that the Black Tortoise Sect had somehow offended the Divine Spirit, Black Tortoise, resulting in it launching an assault on them. Black Tortoise Sect exhausted all its power and resources but still failed to resist in the end, ultimately being wiped out.

The ancestor of the Qin Family in Maplewood City was a refugee from the Black Tortoise Sect. After the Sect’s fall, the Master had fled to the Southern Territory and settled in Maplewood City. It was a pity that the Qin Family continued to decline in successive generations, to the point where even the appearance of Dao Source Realm cultivators was rare. It was a point of great sorrow that no one in their family was able to wield the Myriads Sword Emperor Artifact which had been passed down to them from their ancestor.

“If a full-scale battle with the Seeking Passion Sect breaks out, Ice Heart Valley can somewhat reduce casualties with this Formation,” Yang Kai sighed softly.

There were a hundred thousand on the Seeking Passion Sect’s side, and although they were from different backgrounds, and were not entirely united with the Seeking Passion Sect, such a disparity in numbers more than made up for those flaws. Ice Heart Valley’s mere seven thousand disciples trying to resist such a tide would be like trying to break a stone with an egg. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This Seven Points Black Tortoise Formation would definitely be a life-saving tool for many disciples in Ice Heart Valley.

“Ji Yao thanks Senior Brother Yang on behalf of all the Sisters in Ice Heart Valley,” Ji Yao suddenly gave her gratitude seriously.

Ji Yao had witnessed that Yang Kai had been working hard to help Ice Heart Valley all this time, and now even passed down to them this mysterious and powerful Formation. It was an immense gesture of kindness.

In this world, there were plenty of people who would curry favour when one was blessed and prosperous, but how many could offer timely assistance in a time of crisis?

Yang Kai chuckled, “I have a close connection with Senior Bing Yun, so this much is nothing. I just hope Junior Sister Yao doesn’t tease me anymore in the future.”

Ji Yao’s face turned red as she naturally knew what Yang Kai was talking about.

But she instantly felt like burying her head in the ground when she recalled the time when he saw her naked from head to toe, and the time when she massaged his shoulders while rubbing against his back.

She had no idea how she could be so muddle-headed at that time. Yang Kai was obviously a man, so how could she mistake him for her Honoured Master?

This was a stain that could never be erased in her lifetime…

They did not speak again for the rest of the journey and soon arrived in front of the Space Array of Ice Heart Valley.

This Space Array was a one-way array. In other words, one could only go out, but not come in.

The Space Arrays in most Sects were generally one-way in order to prevent enemies from directly invading through them; however, now that they were at odds with the Seeking Passion Sect and with Ice Heart Valley’s safety at stake, Bing Yun had even closed this one-way Space Array out of an abundance of caution.

With Ji Yao’s help though, opening the Space Array was not difficult.

Soon, the Space Array was reactivated, and after installing enough Source Crystals, Yang Kai stepped onto it and disappeared with a flash.

Ji Yao looked at the spot where Yang Kai disappeared silently for a while before her tender body flickered hurriedly to report to Bing Yun.

She wanted to pass the Seven Point Black Tortoise Formation to Bing Yun, who would then disseminate it to the disciples.

In a city near the border of the Northern Territory, Yang Kai appeared leisurely. He left the hall where the Space Array was located immediately and asked someone for directions. He then leapt into the air and rushed in the direction of the Eastern Territory.

Although this was the border town, it still took Yang Kai five days to completely leave the Northern Territory.

After twenty days of ceaseless travelling, Yang Kai finally arrived at the desolate city outside the Ancient Wild Lands.

He couldn’t help but feel a little annoyed at this moment. If he had given Luan Feng or any of the others a Communication Bead or Communication Artifact and was able to communicate with them now, Luan Feng could have come out and led him inside, saving him much time and trouble to enter the Ancient Lands this time.

Instead, Yang Kai flew towards a small house and, with a sweep of his Divine Sense, found a familiar aura. Yang Kai could not help feeling relieved as he had worried if the master of this place was out on business.

“Old Ban!” Yang Kai shouted from the entranceway.

Soon, Old Ban’s figure appeared in front of Yang Kai, and seeing who it was, he smiled and greeted, “So, it is Young Master Yang. Didn’t Young Master Yang leave the city already? Why have you returned?”

Yang Kai answered solemnly, “I want to go to Ancient Lands again, and I hope Old Ban can help me. This will be your reward!”

As he spoke, he flicked a Space Ring towards Old Ban.

Old Ban caught the ring, but without even looking inside, he tossed it back to Yang Kai and smiled lightly, “There’s no need for any rewards. This old man is obliged to assist Young Master Yang’s entry into the Ancient Lands.”

It was thanks to Yang Kai rescuing him from Yao Lin back then that he was still alive and well today, so Old Ban did not feel the need to charge Yang Kai his usual fee.

Yang Kai did not insist and accepted the gesture, “Many thanks, Old Ban.”

Old Ban requested, “Young Master Yang, please wait a moment, I will need to settle down Ling’er first.”

As he spoke, a little girl who was about seven to eight years old ran out of the house. It was Old Ban’s granddaughter, Xiao Ling’er. She was still sick when Yang Kai saw her the last time, but now, she seemed to be healthy and active.

“Grandpa is leaving again?” Although Xiao Ling’er was young, she was very sensible. She stared at Yang Kai with her round dark eyes, then turned to look at Old Ban and asked.

Old Ban stroked Xiao Ling’er’s head and explained, “Grandpa is going out and will be back soon. Ling’er must stay at home obediently and not run about outside.”

“Ling’er understands. Be careful along the way, grandpa!” The little girl urged him solemnly.

The worried look on Old Ban seemed to dissolve as he turned to address Yang Kai, “Young Master Yang, let’s go.”