Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2645, Big Birdy, Big Birdy

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The Monster Commander was extremely scared, as if he had seen something really terrifying, leaving his subordinates quite befuddled. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“I failed to see that it was Sir who arrived! Please forgive this humble one for offending Sir!” Dumbfounded, the Monster Commander trembled and his forehead dripped with sweat as he pleaded.

“You’re not so stupid after all!” Yang Kai snorted lightly, leading Old Ban and carrying Xiao Ling’er as he flew past the Monster Race group.

The Monster Commander breathed a sigh of relief after seeing that Yang Kai did not try to find trouble with him.

When Yang Kai was out of their vision, one of the Monster Generals asked curiously, “Sir, who was that man? Why was Sir being so respectful to him?”

The whole group of Monsters were puzzled. The Ancient Wild Lands were a paradise for the Wild Races, and the Monster Race was the most powerful among them, so how could Sir Monster Commander be afraid of a mere Human?

The Monster Commander’s face sank, but instead of answering the question, he ordered in a deep voice, “Remember not to provoke that man. The next time you meet him, run as far as you can. If you offend him, even Sir Monster King will not be able to save you.”

“What…” The Monster Race members were all appalled, their curiosity towards Yang Kai’s identity only growing, wondering how capable this Human was that even Sir Monster King could do nothing to him.

“Enough, I need to quickly report this to Sir Monster King.” After a murmur, the Monster Commander turned into a streak of black light that rushed towards a certain direction.

The sudden appearance of Yang Kai here was definitely a huge matter to the entire Ancient Wild Lands. Since the Monster Commander had met him, he must report it, otherwise, he would be severely punished if the Monster King he served came to know about this later.

Yang Kai continued flying through the jungle.

Xiao Ling’er was still na?ve, so she did not understand the previous scene; however, Old Ban now worshipped Yang Kai as though he was a Divine Messenger sent from the Heavens.

Why would a powerful Monster Commander who had so many Monster Soldiers and Monster Generals behind him be so deferential to Yang Kai? Old Ban wanted to ask about it in detail, but he felt that his relationship with Yang Kai was not close enough to get to the bottom of the matter, so he simply kept his doubts to himself.

A short time later, Yang Kai frowned and stopped flying forward to look back.

“What happened?” Old Ban questioned curiously.

“Someone strong is coming, but I don’t know who and why,” Yang Kai squinted at the rear.

“Someone strong…” Old Ban’s heart skipped a beat. Even the Monster Commander gave up picking a fight with Yang Kai, so ‘someone strong’ in Yang Kai’s opinion would be at least a Monster King, right?

Old Ban abruptly felt light-headed and was having trouble standing on his feet.

In the timespan of two sentences, a navy blue streak of light appeared from the horizon behind them and flew over, dispersing to reveal a vigorous figure.

It was a middle-aged man, dressed in blue robes with a hooked nose, eyes as sharp as a knife, and an aura as deep as a sea.

It was a Monster King!

Old Ban’s face turned pale. Although he had never seen a Monster King before, he could still recognize that the one in front of him was no doubt a Monster King of the Ancient Wild Lands.

Rumour had it that only a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master could clash on par with the Monster Kings of the Ancient Lands. In other words, this middle-aged man in front of him was as powerful as a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master!

This kind of existence could easily kill him and Xiao Ling’er thousands of times over in a single breath.

“It really is Young Master Yang!”

When the middle-aged man opposite them saw Yang Kai, he did not show any hostility but instead smiled happily, as if he was reuniting with an old friend. Cupping his fists, the middle-aged man greeted, “Welcome, Young Master Yang. This one is Monster King Ying Fei who serves under Sir Cang Gou!”

“So, it’s Monster King Ying Fei!” Yang Kai nodded lightly with an indifferent expression. He might have seen this Monster King in front of him near the Blood Gate last time as he looked familiar, but this was the first time Yang Kai was learning the other’s name.

“Sir Cang Gou…” Old Ban was dumbstruck with his eyes widened, as if almost petrified.

Although commoners including Old Ban did not know about the division of power in Ancient Wild Lands, he had of course heard the name Cang Gou before.

That was an Ancient Divine Spirit!

It turned out that there was a Divine Spirit in the Ancient Wild Lands, and this Monster King was the subordinate of that Divine Spirit Cang Gou.

“Just now, I heard from my subordinates that they saw Young Master Yang. This Ying Fei thought they must have seen wrongly, but it turns out Young Master Yang really has come,” Ying Fei grinned, with a look as if he knew Yang Kai very well.

Yang Kai asked, “Why did a Monster King like you chase after me all the way here? Do you want to deliver some kind of command to me?”

Ying Fei hurriedly explained, “This Ying wouldn’t dare to command Young Master Yang. I just wondered where Young Master Yang is going and whether he needs my help or not?”

Yang Kai shook his head, “No need, I just wanted to find Lady Feng to discuss something with her.”

“You wish to see Lady Luan Feng!” Ying Fei beamed, “The distance from here to Lady Luan Feng’s Phoenix Nest Palace is not short. Even though most of the Monster Kings and the Monster Commanders in the Ancient Lands will recognize Young Master Yang and would not dare to offend you, there are still many who don’t know you and might cause trouble. Such a thing should not be allowed. If Young Master Yang doesn’t mind, why not allow this Ying to give you a ride? It’s not that this Ying wants to boast, but his speed is not inferior to anyone in the Ancient Lands.”

Since the last time Yang Kai caused havoc in the Ancient Wild Lands, the remaining three Divine Venerables had given instructions to all the Monster Kings and Great Kings under them to never be rude if they met Yang Kai again in the future.

Thirty-two Monster Kings and eight Great Kings participated in the battle on that day, and everyone knew the relationship between Yang Kai and that Heaven’s Order descendant. Even without the instructions of the Divine Venerables, they all knew what to do.

After returning to their respective territories, they summoned their Monster Commanders and Monster Generals to show them the image of Yang Kai, solemnly informing them to never offend him.

This was the reason why the previous Monster Commander recognized Yang Kai and flew into a panic. Although he had no clue what kind of person Yang Kai was, he knew that this Human was someone Sir Monster King would give special care to, so he did not dare to slight him.

Yang Kai took a deep look at Ying Fei, the corner of his mouth curving into a meaningful smile.

Yang Kai knew exactly what Ying Fei was up to for being so enthusiastic. After all, Yang Kai was the only one in the world who had a close relationship with Zhang Ruo Xi. As Heaven’s Order’s descendant, Zhang Ruo Xi controlled the Blood Gate Restricted Area, where countless Divine Spirit Sources were kept.

It was impossible for Ying Fei to find Zhang Ruo Xi now because she had entered the Blood Gate, but Yang Kai was right in front of him.

If he could build a good relationship with Yang Kai, it might be beneficial to him in the future. Perhaps Ying Fei would have a chance to obtain a compatible Divine Spirit Source from that Heaven’s Order descendant and evolve into a Divine Spirit by awakening his ancestral Bloodline Power.

“Very good. Then I shall trouble Monster King Ying Fei,” Yang Kai nodded.

Ying Fei was delighted, “No problem, no problem. It is this Ying’s pleasure to help Young Master Yang.”

As soon as those words fell, Ying Fei’s body flashed with blue light, and when the radiance dispersed, a proud cry resounded and a giant eagle with a wingspan of several dozen meters appeared. Even with a gentle flap of its wings, this giant eagle kicked up a raging wind.

“Big birdy, big birdy!” Xiao Ling’er who was riding on Yang Kai’s neck clapped happily when she saw Ying Fei’s true form, as if she just discovered something new and interesting.

Yang Kai chuckled, “If Xiao Ling’er wants to, we can ride on this big birdy.”

“Yes, yes!” Xiao Ling’er eyes brightened in excitement.

With a flicker, Yang Kai was already on Ying Fei’s back.

Ying Fei’s true form was gigantic, while his back was flat and spacious, allowing more than twenty to thirty people to sit comfortably. The feathers on his neck were also smooth and soft, making it feel like they were sitting on a fluffy blanket, which was extremely pleasant.

“Grandpa, come up. It’s really comfortable sitting on this big birdy, even more comfortable than our bed!” Xiao Ling’er climbed down from Yang Kai’s neck, sat on the bird’s back and beckoned Old Ban.

Cold sweat beaded on Old Ban’s forehead, he reprimanded, “Stop speaking nonsense!”

The little girl blabbered naively as she did not know the immensity of Heaven and Earth, but Old Ban understood the power of a Monster King. This was an existence that could extinguish one’s Soul with a single breath.

It was a rarity for him to even see a Monster King, but now he was going to sit on his back?

Old Ban panicked and hesitated, not knowing what to do and turning to Yang Kai helplessly.

Yang Kai smiled, “Monster King Ying Fei is kind. Just come up with us, Old Ban.”

“Don’t worry old man, this King will protect all of you,” The giant eagle spoke in Human language.

After hearing this, Old Ban cupped his fists nervously, “Then… please forgive the rudeness of this old man.”

As he spoke, he carefully stepped on the bird’s back, and an extremely unreal feeling grew in his heart.

He had been muddling along without any real goals for his whole life, but now he was actually lucky enough to sit on the back of a Monster King…

“Hold on tight, all of you.” Ying Fei reminded them as he flapped his wings. His gigantic body instantly turned into a beam of blue light that shot off towards the depths of the Ancient Lands at lightning speed. During the flight, Xiao Ling’er shouted in exhilaration as the surrounding scenery flashed past them speedily.

Although the speed was fast, there was a Monster Qi barrier on Ying Fei’s back serving as protection, covering them from all the headwinds and keeping Yang Kai and the others unruffled.

All of this was clearly an intentional performance. Ying Fei was not just fast but also flew very stably, not producing a single tilt or bump along the way, as if they were just standing on flat ground.

Just about an hour later, Luan Feng’s Phoenix Nest Palace appeared before their eyes.

Ying Fei brought them to the outside of the Phoenix Nest Palace and after they had disembarked from his back, he transformed back to his Human form and cupped his fists towards Yang Kai, “Young Master Yang, fortunately, I did not fail my mission. This Ying will take his leave now.”

It was not convenient for him to stay too long outside the Phoenix Nest Palace as he was under Cang Gou’s command.

Since the beginning, he did not mention anything else to Yang Kai. It seemed like the intention of this trip was merely to escort Yang Kai.

Ying Fei was smart and probably knew that Yang Kai had seen through his purpose of establishing a good connection with him, and thought that he would leave a better impression by just remaining silent instead of appearing greedy by asking for favours right away.

Moreover, he was not in a rush and knew that even winning Yang Kai’s favour was not a solution. Now that the Blood Gate had disappeared without a trace, even if Ying Fei wanted one of his ancestor’s Divine Spirit Sources, he would still need to wait for the Blood Gate to reopen again.

Yang Kai smiled faintly and cupped his fists too, “Many thanks, Monster King.”

“You are welcome, Young Master Yang!” Ying Fei returned the gesture, turned around and went back the way he came.

Silavin, Just to state it here.

苍狗 – Cang Gou is basically Grey Dog… There is no such divine beast that I know of. Likewise, Vermillion Bird, for those that read the MTL, which we call Luan Fung here, is not even vermillion =.=. For god sakes.

So, most of these Divine Spirits are not even real mythical beasts.