Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2664, Abandoned

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“Then… good, I’ll have to trouble Elder Ji Yao when the time comes,” Nanmen Da Jun was rather disappointed. He wanted to take this opportunity to exchange experience with Yang Kai in the Dao of Spirit Arrays and was saddened when the latter did not give him a chance at all.

However, it was his long-cherished wish as an Array Grandmaster to rebuild and improve a Sect Defending Array for such a great force.

Soon, he got himself together, excused himself, and went to study the array charts of the original Sect Defending Array of Seeking Passion Sect.

After he left, Yang Kai looked at the Space Array at the side while rubbing his chin, “So, it’s not a problem here.”

If there was something wrong with the Space Array in front of him, it would have been impossible for Ji Yao and Nanmen Da Jun to teleport here from Ice Heart Valley.

“What problem?” Ji Yao questioned curiously.

Xi Lei immediately grinned and explained the incident that happened before to her, making no attempt to hide the joyous look on his face.

After listening to it, Ji Yao responded with a thoughtful look, “Two Space Arrays connected to each other are required to achieve a teleportation, so since there’s nothing wrong here, and there’s nothing wrong with the one in Ice Heart Valley, then the one in the Ancient Lands must be the issue.”

Like a dreamer awakened from a deep slumber, Yang Kai’s eyes lit up and he nodded, “That must be it.”

After that, he suddenly recalled something and gritted his teeth, “Lady Feng, Lady Feng, this removing firewood from under the pot is really too cruel.”

The Space Array in the Ancient Lands could not have been broken for no reason. The only explanation was that it was intentionally destroyed by Luan Feng after his departure.

Luan Feng probably feared that he would keep disturbing her in the future, and her worries were completely justified. Thinking of this, Yang Kai could not help grinding his teeth feeling annoyed.

Although it did not take much effort to set up a Space Array, the problem was that the Ancient Lands was so far away that it would take him a long time to travel there to arrange another. He would need to stay connected with the Ancient Lands in the future, so it would be convenient to him to keep a Space Array there, but he did not expect that Luan Feng would destroy the Space Array the moment he had left. In the end, there was nothing more poisonous than a woman’s heart. Although Luan Feng appeared to be dignified and gentle, she was actually so cruel and ruthless.

By the look of this, Yang Kai would need to set up a Space Array in the territory of the Stone Spirit Clan the next time he went to the Ancient Lands, lest Luan Feng destroy it again.

After Yang Kai came to this determination, he turned to Xi Lei and the others, “It seems that you three have been abandoned by the Ancient Lands.”

Xi Lei and the others racked their brains, but still could not understand why they could not be sent away, but instead of feeling disappointed, they were actually delighted, “Good, good, Lady Luan Feng must think that Young Master Yang’s matter is very serious and wishes for us to stay and safeguard him. Please don’t reject us anymore!” They grinned excitedly. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Yang Kai replied, “How can I drive you away given a situation like this?”

He was reluctant to keep the three Monster Kings with him before, mainly because he was being careful not to seriously offend the three Divine Venerables in the Ancient Lands; after all, these three Monster Kings were subordinates of those Divine Spirits, and it would not be kind to poach them without any notice.

However, a tooth for a tooth. Since Luan Feng started this, then it was reasonable for Yang Kai to respond in kind, and the Ancient Lands could not blame him for it.

A Space Array for three Monster Kings; it was a steal. Yang Kai did not feel guilty about it either.

Xie Wu Wei could not hold down his smile as he rubbed his hands, “Young Master Yang, if that’s the case, can we join High Heaven Palace now? This Xie doesn’t ask for much, just a position as a Protector will do.”

Ying Fei and Xi Lei looked excited too.

Yang Kai beamed, “With your abilities, you three are overqualified to be mere Protectors. High Heaven Palace has barely been established now, and it will still take some time to open its gates to accept disciples, but when the day comes, you three will hold the position of High-Rank Foreign Elders.”

Xi Lei and the others exchanged looks, and could not be happier.

With Yang Kai’s words, they would be Yang Kai’s people in the future and he would naturally not forget them whenever there were benefits to be distributed.

Compared with the other Monster Kings and Great Kings in the Ancient Lands, they were already one step ahead.

Before the Sect was officially established, it already had three High-Rank Foreign Elders that were on par with Third-Order Emperor Realm Masters. If the news spread out, it would definitely gain a lot of admiration, envy or even hatred.

“Congratulations to Senior Brother Yang. When High Heaven Palace is officially opened in the future, please inform my Ice Heart Valley so we may attend the party,” Ji Yao chuckled on the side.

She was truly happy for Yang Kai to settle down here and establish a Sect because Ice Heart Valley had a good relationship with him, so both Sects could look out for each other in the future. No one in the entire Northern Territory could threaten the status of these two giants once they allied.

Yang Kai smiled lightly, “Of course. When the time comes, I will have to trouble all the Junior Sisters from Ice Heart Valley.” After a pause, Yang Kai continued, “Right, how did Ice Heart Valley settle those tens of thousands of prisoners who surrendered?”

Ji Yao smiled wryly, “Honoured Master is still having a headache about this. Although they assisted the evildoers to harass our Ice Heart Valley, there aren’t really any deep grudges between us. If we killed them all, it would only damage Ice Heart Valley’s reputation, but if we released them, it would appear like Ice Heart Valley is good to bully.”

Yang Kai laughed, “If so, you might as well ask them to work for me as labourers. Nanmen Da Jun will certainly need some manpower to rebuild the Sect Defending Array of Seeking Passion Sect. Of course, we should not tolerate those who have killed Ice Heart Valley disciples.”

Ji Yao nodded in agreement, “Those people have already been executed, while those who are still alive are just some people who were cheering them on from the sidelines. However, Senior Brother Yang’s proposal is good. Let’s wait for Grandmaster Nanmen to come back and see how much manpower he needs.”

The discussion ended and they began to wait.

Fortunately, this place had an excellent Earth Vein and was rich in World Energy, so they could meditate and cultivate while waiting in a luxurious palace nearby.

Two days later, Nanmen Da Jun came back, travel-worn and weary. He made a long list for Yang Kai of all kinds of precious materials. After taking a look at it, Yang Kai filled up several Space Rings with the materials for him generously.

Not only that, but Ji Yao also returned to Ice Heart Valley to bring over the surrendered cultivators to assist the work of Nanmen Da Jun.

With that, High Heaven Palace sprang to life. There was a constant babble of voices and a bustling crowd coming and going.

With the passage of time, everyone came to know that a young man named Yang Kai had occupied the territory of the Seeking Passion Sect, and established a new Sect here, High Heaven Palace.

Many people from Ice Heart Valley came over to help too, including Liu Xian Yun, Zi Yu, and several others who were close with Yang Kai.

With their supervision, those tens of thousands of surrendered troops dared not play tricks; after all, Ice Heart Valley had made it clear that as long as they redeemed themselves through good service, helping High Heaven Palace to arrange a grand Spirit Array, Ice Heart Valley would consider their past offences settled and release them.

With this promise, everyone worked diligently.

Many rogue cultivators became quite interested in High Heaven Palace and made veiled inquiries to the Ice Heart Valley disciples regarding how to join this new Sect.

After all, this place was originally the headquarters of Seeking Passion Sect, so who would dare to occupy this place without a certain capability? Moreover, these rogue cultivators somehow learned that High Heaven Palace had three High-Ranking Foreign Elders who had strength on par with Third-Order Emperor Realm Masters.

High Heaven Palace would definitely have a bright future with such a foundation, and once its gates opened formally, it would immediately become one of the top Sects in the Star Boundary.

One would benefit a lot in life if he or she joined such a force early.

Unfortunately, Ice Heart Valley’s disciples did not know how to enter High Heaven Palace, so they could not give them any answers, which disappointed many.

Inside High Heaven Palace, in a palace on top of the greatest mountain peak.

This was supposed to be the cultivation place that belonged exclusively to Feng Xuan.

Yang Kai sat cross-legged, surrounded by High-Rank Source Crystals. As he circulated his Secret Art, those High-Rank Source Crystals turned into dust one by one, transforming into streams of energy that poured into his body and flowed through his limbs and bones before settling in his dantian.

Ever since the last fight with Shi Huo in the Ancient Lands, Yang Kai felt a desperate need to improve his strength.

Although he was an Emperor Realm Master, he had not yet reached the level of invincibility. Furthermore, with the improvement of his strength, the enemies he faced were also getting stronger and stronger. If he did not want to feel helpless again in the future, he would have to quickly improve his cultivation.

However, after the incident in the Ancient Lands, he was tied up with the crisis of Ice Heart Valley, so he could not spare much time to cultivate. He did have a lot of treasures to assist him, but he did not have the time to take them.

Now that he finally had free time, Yang Kai naturally entered secluded retreat.

With auxiliary Spirit Pills and piles of Source Crystals, the strength in Yang Kai’s body increased steadily.

Xi Lei and the others knew that Yang Kai was cultivating; therefore, no one dared to disturb him.

Two months later, the Sect Defending Array of High Heaven Palace was fully arranged, and all the surrendered cultivators who helped were dismissed while the Ice Heart Valley disciples also returned to the valley through the Space Array.

The vast base of High Heaven Palace became still once more.

Nanmen Da Jun came to see Yang Kai in high spirits and wanted to report the results of his hard work during this period to him, but he was stopped by Ying Fei who was guarding outside the mountain. Even after some unpleasant exchange, Nanmen Da Jun still could not persuade Ying Fei to ask Yang Kai to come out. Depressed, he could only move on to study the Cross-Territory Space Array.

During this time, Ji Yao also visited Yang Kai several times, but she did not get to see his face either.

Ever since he went into retreat, Yang Kai seemed to be cut off from the outside world. Even the three Monster Kings had no idea when he would come out.

But the three Monster Kings also knew that it was common to cultivate in retreat for years at a time once one reached the Emperor Realm. As such, they were not worried about Yang Kai.

One of them would guard outside the palace every day, while the other two would have fun travelling around.

Time passed slowly, and after a full year, the palace that had been silent this whole time suddenly released a crackling sound, like the cracking of bones.

Ying Fei, who was guarding outside today, instantly opened his eyes and looked into the palace, his sharp vision seemingly piercing the many barriers and restrictions, illuminating the internal situation clearly.

Not long after, he put on a joyful face and stood up from where he was before letting out a long cry.

After a while, two figures rapidly flew over from afar. Naturally, it was Xie Wu Wei and Xi Lei.