Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2667, Re-Opening Emperor Heaven Valley

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

The last time Yang Kai came to Thousand Leaves Sect, it still had towering mountains and beautiful scenery, but all that was now replaced with depressing ruins.

The mountains and plains were filled with devastated houses, and the pavilions in the forest were basically all collapsed. Traces of war could be seen everywhere, while the blood on the ground had long dried up. Birds were still flitting across the sky, but the land was a scorched mess.

As Yang Kai flew overhead slowly, his face darkened.

He scanned the place with his Divine Sense and found no living people inside the vast Thousand Leaves Sect, only some birds and beasts living in the mountains, the air still filled with a pungent smell of decomposition.

The Thousand Leaves Sect had really been wiped out.

Although the Thousand Leaves Sect was not a big Sect, it still had over ten thousand years of history and once held a top position in the Southern Territory, with countless disciples and Masters at its command. But now, the Thousand Leaves Sect no longer existed in the world anymore.

A blaze of anger churned in Yang Kai’s chest that left him feeling dreadfully uncomfortable. Although it was just intuition, Yang Kai felt that this had something to do with him.

But no matter how much he racked his brain, he still could not figure out what kind of connection he had with the Thousand Leaf Sect that had led it to its demise.

Perhaps, he could only ask the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect to understand the reason for all this.

Abruptly, Yang Kai lifted his head and looked in the direction of the Thousand Leaves Sect’s main hall, which seemed to have a few living auras inside of it.

His eyes turned solemn as he immediately headed towards it.

After a short while, he landed in front of the main hall. There was supposed to be a statue standing in this plaza, a representation of the Thousand Leaves Sect’s Ancestral Founder, a symbol of worship for all of this great man’s descendants. However, the status had collapsed long ago, seemingly having been cut down by a single slash of a sword. The cut was neat, and it must have been done by someone with outstanding strength. Yang Kai touched the cut, and he felt a remnant aura of wind still lingering about it.

Inside the main hall, a smell of cooking meat wafted out, and Yang Kai could vaguely hear the murmurs of a few people.

Yang Kai pushed the door, sending a gust of cold wind into the building.

There were a few people sitting on the ground in the main hall beside a bonfire, which was cooking up some unknown broth. Each of these people were drinking from a large bowl of wine in one hand, while gnawing on big chunks of meat they held in the other, truly enjoying themselves.

They turned around simultaneously at the sound of the doors being thrown open, and a man who was slightly older straightened up and glared at Yang Kai while shouting, “Who are you!?”

Yang Kai checked them out and found that they were not Thousand Leaves Sect disciples, so he could not help feeling a bit disappointed.

But honestly, if there were some disciples that survived the Thousand Leaves Sect’s destruction, they would probably have run away and hidden somewhere rather than openly squatting in the ruins of their Sect.

Among the people here, the strongest was just a First-Order Dao Source Realm cultivator, while the rest were just Saint Kings. They seemed to be just some rogue cultivators without any big background.

Now that the Thousand Leaves Sect was exterminated, a deserted and vast mountain range like this naturally became an excellent refuge for them.

Yang Kai did not mean to waste his time on them and immediately asked, “Is there no one alive from the Thousand Leaves Sect here?”

In case they did not realize who they were dealing with, Yang Kai purposely released some of his aura while he spoke.

The few people rapidly sensed this threat, especially the man who put up a domineering demeanour before, and their faces changed instantly. The leader got up and bowed deeply as he addressed Yang Kai nervously, “I didn’t see any.”

The answer was as Yang Kai expected and he nodded in acknowledgement, sweeping his gaze left and right, not saying anything more.

Cold sweat was trickling down the lead man’s forehead like droplets of rain. He was petrified on the same spot where he stood. It took quite a long while before Yang Kai turned around and exited the hall.

Only then did the few cultivators in the main hall feel relieved, their muscles relaxing from the tension. To them, a Master like Yang Kai could easily take away their lives if he wanted, and these so-called Masters usually had wild mood swings so no one would know when they would suddenly start slaughtering.

Therefore, it was better for them to avoid these Masters while they were out in the world.

The small group who just escaped death exchanged knowing looks before they fled out of the main hall, running away as fast as they could, ignoring the almost done broth.

In a nameless mountain valley, Yang Kai looked around for a while, then stood in a certain place with his eyes brightened.

This mountain valley was familiar to Yang Kai. He had come here before when he visited Thousand Leaves Sect, because this was their Restricted Area. No one could enter this place except the Sect Master of Thousand Leaves Sect in previous generations.

From the outside, this place looked like a normal mountain valley, but it was actually covered by a huge Illusion Array, and a Space Array that led to the Small Sealed World owned by Thousand Leaves Sect was hidden here.

Emperor Heaven Valley!

Yang Kai finally remembered the name of the Small Sealed World. It was this Emperor Heaven Valley where Yang Kai encountered the powerful Corpse Puppet and Liu Yan obtained her Spirit Puppet body.

There should have been a war in the mountain valley that day, because there were traces of battle all around, dried blood and bones scattered about everywhere. It seemed that many had died on the day Thousand Leaves Sect was attacked.

Yang Kai carefully examined the damaged Space Array in the middle of the mountain valley for a moment before his eyes lit up.

He could see that the Space Array was destroyed by brute force, and the person who did this seemed to be in a rush, as if there was an emergency at that time.

Yang Kai could not help guessing that the person who destroyed this Space Array was the Sect Master of Thousand Leaves Sect, Ye Hen.

It would be good news if it was him, because there was a great possibility that there were still some Thousand Leaves Sect disciples alive in Emperor Heaven Valley if that was the case.

If it was Ye Hen, knowing that his Sect could not be saved anymore, he would immediately transfer his disciples and relatives to Emperor Heaven Valley and destroy the Space Array in order to save their lives.

Emperor Heaven Valley was a Small Sealed World that, while not big, would have no trouble supporting a large number of people while keeping them safe as long as the Space Array was destroyed.

The traces of the hastily destroyed Space Array also proved this point.

With a single thought, Yang Kai stood up and commanded, “Monster King, stand guard here.”

He wanted to reopen the Space Array and have a look inside the Emperor Heaven Valley. Everything would be clear then.

Ying Fei straightened up as he nodded before disappearing in an instant, hiding in some unknown place.

With a swing of Yang Kai’s sleeve, a gust of wind blew the debris away on the damaged Space Array and he reached out his hand to touch the remaining base.

This Space Array of the Thousand Leaves Sect was repaired by Yang Kai last time, so although it was damaged again, it was not difficult for Yang Kai to repair it again with his past experience.

As Space Principles fluctuated, a hum in the air around Yang Kai began, and soon, the local space began to warp and collapse.

From the void, there seemed to be a mysterious force resonating with Yang Kai, and a connection to some other space that had been severed seemed to be repairing itself.

*Hua… *

A dark portal entrance suddenly opened, one filled with chaotic nothingness, giving out an uneasy feeling as if it could devour all things.

A Void Corridor!

Yang Kai pushed his Space Principles to maintain the stability of the Void Corridor before he stood up and shouted, “Monster King!”

Ying Fei reappeared by his side, looking at the Void Corridor in awe.

Even a man as strong as him did not underestimate this seemingly quaint existence, because once he was trapped in it, he would likely be lost in the Void Crack, never able to find his way out again.

With a big wave of his hand, Yang Kai wrapped the two of them with his Emperor Qi and rushed directly into the corridor.

In the blink of an eye, the two of them vanished, together with the newly formed Void Corridor.

Yang Kai and Ying Fei appeared at the same time on the Space Array in Emperor Heaven Valley.

There was no one around this place. Yang Kai started to search the ground with his clear-sighted eyes, and soon, his vision lit up.

He saw some traces of blood on the ground and many distinct sets of footprints.

Ying Fei sniffed the air and informed quickly, “There are many people here.”

As a Monster King, his sense of smell was naturally remarkable.

Yang Kai nodded in acknowledgement before turning his sight in a certain direction, “Over there.”

He remembered there was a mountain valley and many caves on that side. It was also where he met the Corpse Puppet last time. If any Thousand Leaves Sect disciples survived and escaped here, they should have settled down in that mountain valley.

The two of them flew to the mountain valley.

Emperor Heaven Valley was not big, but its World Energy was quite rich despite it being a Small Sealed World. Therefore, it became the foundation for the establishment of the Thousand Leaves Sect in the past.

After a stick of incense, the pair reached the sky above the mountain valley. Yang Kai did not hide himself but deliberately released his aura for all to feel.

Rustles were heard from the surrounding mountain valley, followed by the flashing of shadows. Cultivators with different levels of strength came out from the forest one after another, all of them staring at Yang Kai with pale faces.

No one else had come here for more than a year since they had first gone into hiding. They thought that it was the safest place in the world as the array outside had been destroyed and no one could enter.

But today, two outsiders broke into this place.

This frightened the Thousand Leaves Sect survivors, for they had no idea what kind of fate was awaiting them. The scene of the annihilation of their Sect one year ago was still vivid in their memories, and the devastating pathos full of blood and tears was still fermenting in their hearts. Was the time for them, who had a second chance of living, coming to an end?

Two people came out of the biggest cave at that moment, one tall, the other graceful.

“Senior Sister Ye, Senior Brother Du!”

The Thousand Leaves Sect disciples saluted this pair respectfully.

When Ye Jing Han and Du Xian appeared, unlike the distressed disciples, they seemed quite overjoyed.

Because when Ye Hen sent them into Emperor Heaven Valley, he told them that if someone reopened Emperor Heaven Valley one day, it would certainly be Yang Kai!

As such, when they sensed that outsiders had entered Emperor Heaven Valley, their first thought was that Yang Kai had come.

Now that they saw it for themselves, they realized it was indeed Yang Kai! The appearance of his familiar figure was the best news they had in the past year.

“Young Master Yang…” Ye Jing Han’s tears ran down her face just when she was about to speak.

The last time she saw Yang Kai, the Thousand Leaves Sect was still in high spirits after having regained its ancestral legacy and taken back the Secret Techniques it had lost millennia ago. However, the Thousand Leaves Sect had changed a lot now, having completely lost its previous glory. Seeing Yang Kai reminded Ye Jing Han of her father, and she could not control her sorrow because she did not know whether he was still alive or dead.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com