Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2669, Flowing Shadow City

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Ye Jing Han and Du Xian were infuriated at the news that Flowing Shadow Sword Sect wanted to publicly auction the Heaven Grade Puppets of Thousand Leaves Sect. They could not complain because their Sect was destroyed due to their weak strength, but it was a disgrace that the precious treasures of their Sect would be auctioned off like common goods.

It was the same as digging up the bodies of the dead and whipping them just for the sake of embarrassing them.

Ye Jing Han and Du Xian could not wait to fly to Flowing Shadow City to sabotage the auction and snatch back the Heaven Grade Puppets.

But after a moment of anger, they became dejected again. Without strength, everything was just an empty dream. Even if they could go to Flowing Shadow City, it would be like trying to beat a dog with a meat bun.

The reason they hid here was to improve their strength, until one day they become strong enough to get revenge.

Seeing their concerns, Yang Kai responded, “No matter what your decision, I’ll still be going to Flowing Shadow City.”

Du Xian was shocked, and replied anxiously, “But Brother Yang, Flowing Shadow City is the base of Flowing Shadow Sword Sect. Since they dare to hold an auction, they will be fully prepared. Wouldn’t that be akin to stepping into a trap?”

Yang Kai grinned, “That depends on if their trap could hold me.”

“Brother Yang, you…” Du Xian felt deep admiration for his courage, but his eyes soon lit up as he asked, “Has Brother Yang already reached the Emperor Realm!?”

Ye Jing Han was stunned when she heard his question.

They had not been paying attention to Yang Kai’s cultivation, because when they met Yang Kai back then, his realm was similar to theirs, but now, seeing the confidence on Yang Kai’s face, they could not help releasing their Divine Sense to check.

Their Divine Senses were like stones being thrown into the sea though, unable to create any waves. All they could sense was a vague Emperor Aura lingering about Yang Kai’s figure.

He was indeed already an Emperor Realm Master.

Ye Jing Han and Du Xian were flabbergasted by the speed of Yang Kai’s cultivation and growth. However, when they thought about it again, they recalled that there were many talents in the world who they could not catch up to, and who could climb the ranks of the Martial Dao at superb speed.

It was precisely because of these talents that the world became so interesting.

Du Xian pressed on with a solemn face, “But Brother Yang, even if you are an Emperor Realm Master, Flowing Shadow City… is still a dangerous place; like a dragon’s nest or a tiger’s den.”

He implied that Yang Kai should not go.

Not to mention that Flowing Shadow Sword Sect had an Emperor Realm Sect Master, the man behind the extermination of Thousand Leaves Sect was already not someone that an ordinary Emperor Realm Master could easily deal with, and if this matter really involved Star Soul Palace, the Thousand Leaves Sect would be forced to choke down its grievances.

Yang Kai waved his hand, “It won’t be fun if it’s not a dragon’s nest or a tiger’s den.”

Both Ye Jing Han and Du Xian looked at Yang Kai dumbfounded, wondering how he could be so confident. However, when they recalled the destruction of their Sect and the tragic death of their numerous Junior Brothers and Sisters, it made their blood boil. Soon, they nodded solemnly, “Good, we will go too. Even if we have to fight to the death, we must get back our Sect’s Heaven Grade Puppets.”

Although they were fired up now, they both knew that it was impossible for them to achieve this with their current strength. Once their identities were exposed in Flowing Shadow City, they would be surrounded and annihilated.

Since the feud between Flowing Shadow Sword Sect and Thousand Leaves Sect had already been planted, it was natural that Flowing Shadow Sword Sect had to cut grass and pull out roots, leaving no chance for revival.

Yang Kai smiled, “That’s the spirit.”

He wanted to bring Ye Jing Han and Du Xian with him not because he was expecting any contributions from them, as they were just two Dao Source Realm cultivators and could do nothing in this kind of war, but because they were people of the Thousand Leaves Sect after all. One was the daughter of the Thousand Leaves Sect’s Sect Master, while the other was the Eldest Disciple of the younger generation in the Thousand Leaves Sect. Taking them with him to Flowing Shadow City was like Yang Kai’s ticket to participate in this fight, otherwise, for an outsider like him to meddle in the affair of the Thousand Leaves Sect, to put it nicely, he would be a kind helper; but to put it unpleasantly, he was just a busybody.

He also did not want to expose his relationship with Ai Ou and the others for the time being.

Now that they had made a decision, Ye Jing Han and Du Xian no longer hesitated. They summoned some of their faithful disciples and ordered them to carry on their cultivation in Emperor Heaven Valley. If Ye Jing Han and Du Xian failed to make it back, the revival of the Thousand Leaves Sect would fall on their shoulders.

Naturally, those Thousand Leaves Sect disciples tried their best to persuade them to think twice, but since the two of them had made up their minds, they would not be convinced by a few words.

Half a day later, Yang Kai left Emperor Heaven Valley with the young couple and returned to the nameless mountain valley in Thousand Leaves Sect through the Space Array.

Ye Jing Han and Du Xian were both natives of the Southern Territory, so they were familiar with Flowing Shadow Sword Sect and Flowing Shadow City. They had even been to Flowing Shadow City several times in the past, so with their guidance, the group of four travelled as fast as lightning towards their destination.

In just three days, the group of four people arrived at Flowing Shadow City. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Looking from a distance, Flowing Shadow City could be considered quite vast, with magnificent and towering buildings everywhere the eye could see. The city wall was more than several tens of meters tall, and there was a huge greatsword hovering in the air above the city gate. The greatsword seemed to be made of refined metal, and it was clearly thick and solid, hanging over the city gate, seemingly ready to fall at any time and split the earth in two, but it was a common sight for those cultivators who were entering and leaving the city.

Ye Jing Han and Du Xian followed behind Yang Kai with uncomfortable expressions, landing outside the city gate.

According to their plan, since they had to break into the enemy’s nest, they would have to at least disguise their appearances to avoid catching people’s attention and causing unnecessary problems, then take the opportunity to carry out their plan secretly.

However, Yang Kai did not ask them to disguise themselves, but let them show their true faces.

They were dreadfully nervous throughout the journey and were even more rigid and anxious than ever when they arrived outside Flowing Shadow City.

Although they were prepared to die, they at least needed their deaths to serve a purpose. If they died for no reason, they might as well just stay in Emperor Heaven Valley, endure the hardship of isolation, and spend the next few hundred years cultivating.

But Yang Kai seemed to have a card up his sleeve, which made it difficult for them to ask in detail.

At the city gate, many cultivators were waiting in line to enter the city, just like every other prosperous city. Flowing Shadow City was always an affluent place, moreover, with the auction fair that was about to be held, drawing many here from throughout the Southern Territory who were interested in the Heaven Grade Puppets of the Thousand Leaves Sect or the Star Master with a complete Star Source.

At this moment, the streets in Flowing Shadow City were full of Dao Source Realm cultivators, and there were even a number of Emperors to be found. Masters were simply as common as clouds here.

Inside the City Lord’s Mansion, the Sect Master of Flowing Shadow Sword Sect, Li Qing was taking charge.

As a First-Order Emperor who also majored in the Sword Dao, Li Qing Yun was considered a powerful Master in the Southern Territory. Given his status, he did not have to be here, but due to the upcoming auction, there were more and more Emperor Realm Masters in the Flowing Shadow City as many first-class Sects sent delegations to attend the event. No one in the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect could handle such a situation aside from the Sect Master himself.

During this period, Li Qing Yun had greeted numerous Masters from places his Flowing Shadow Sword Sect could not afford to offend, so since they visited his territory, as the owner of this place, he had to visit them to show courtesy.

The Flowing Shadow Sword Sect did not usually have this opportunity to make friends with so many Masters.

Nevertheless, Li Qing Yun was already tired of dealing with this situation as it left him no time for anything else, even cultivation. Moreover, as the day of the auction drew nearer, his nerves also grew tighter.

Although his cultivation was not very high, he was notably sensitive to crises thanks to cultivating a Dao highly related to killing.

He kept feeling that something serious was going to happen at this auction, and if he was not careful, the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect might be annihilated because of it.

However, the auction had to be held, as it was the command of that Sir; Li Qing Yun could not disobey at all.

After a long sigh, the Emperor Artifact Jade Illusion Sword lying in front of him hummed slightly, as if it sensed the fluctuation of its master’s emotions.

“Sect Master!” There was a voice outside the door.

“What is it?” Li Qing Yun opened his eyes, revealing a trace of fatigue on his face. If he had a choice, he would rather practice his swordsmanship in retreat in his Sect. Mastering the Sword Dao was a long journey, perhaps one he would not be able to complete with his ability even if he spent his entire life on it. Therefore, he did not want to waste time on complicated matters. However, in the eyes of that Sir, he and the entire Flowing Shadow Sword Sect were just pawns on the chessboard that could not act of their own will.

“There is a report from the lower disciples that two survivors of Thousand Leaves Sect have appeared,” that voice replied, “It seems to be the daughter of the Thousand Leaves Sect’s Sect Master and the Head Disciple of their Sect.”

“Where?” Li Qing Yun narrowed his eyes.

“At the city gates, about to enter the city.”

Li Qing Yun squinted slightly, the unease in his heart growing stronger and stronger, as if an invisible maw was slowly closing around him. The intense alarm of a crisis froze his skin.

It had been years since he last felt this way. The Jade Illusion Sword was also trembling non-stop, only confirming that his sensation was not a false alarm.

The person outside the door waited for a long time, but there was no response from the Sect Master, so he could only continue to wait.

At the same time, the crowd in front of the city gate was alarmed and broke into chaos.

A group of Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples surrounded Yang Kai and his group from both the sky and the ground while other irrelevant people retreated and watched from a distance.

The Flowing Shadow Sword Sect had annihilated the Thousand Leaves Sect, so although they were surprised by the sudden appearance of these people, since there was already an irresolvable grudge between them, naturally they didn’t plan on letting any enemies escape.

Ye Jing Han and Du Xian had a high status in the Thousand Leaves Sect and their portraits had been spread outside. Furthermore, Yang Kai had no intention of lining up outside the city and had led his group to barge through the gates like he owned this place, not putting anyone else present in his eyes at all.

Therefore, Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples who were guarding the city gate instantly recognized Ye Jing Han and Du Xian just as they entered the city.

How embarrassing was it that the enemy had come to openly provoke them?

Without being ordered, the several dozen Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples automatically encircled this group and glared at them with hostility.

Ye Jing Han and Du Xian exchanged a wry smile after seeing this.

Not to mention that Yang Kai did not let them disguise themselves, they did not expect that Yang Kai would be so bold to take the initiative to taunt the enemy. What did Yang Kai want to do? Why was he so confident that he could come and go freely from Flowing Shadow City?

But now, there was no time to regret it. They recalled what these Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples had done to the Thousand Leaves Sect a year ago, and their eyes gradually turned red while murderous intent gradually permeated the air.

Even if they had to die, they had to pull a few of their enemies down together with them, so that they did not embarrass their identities as Thousand Leaves Sect disciples.

“How dare you two break into our Flowing Shadow City! It seems that the people of the Thousand Leaves Sect really don’t know how to write the word ‘death’.”

The leader of the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples, a Dao Source Realm cultivator, yelled as he stared at Ye Jing Han and Du Xian. However, when he turned his gaze to Yang Kai and Ying Fei, he suddenly looked puzzled, wondering who these two people were and why they stood together with the people of the Thousand Leaves Sect.