Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2670, Collect Some Interest

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Although Yang Kai and Ying Fei’s presence was suspicious, the lead disciple did not pay much attention to them. The Thousand Leaves Sect was just a small Sect in the Southern Territory, inferior to their Flowing Shadow Sword Sect, so it was not important if they managed to bring along some reinforcements. This was Flowing Shadow City, and no one could be impudent in the base of the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect.

After looking at Yang Kai for a moment, the lead disciple snorted coldly, “Your Excellency, who are you? If you are sensible enough, leave quickly. Don’t make a mistake by sticking your nose where it doesn’t belong!”

Yang Kai turned a deaf ear to his words and instead looked at Du Xian and Ye Jing Han, “Do you want to collect some interest first?”

Yang Kai was not interested in laying his hand on this group, but it was a great opportunity for Ye Jing Han and Du Xian to vent their hatred.

Hearing this, Du Xian looked solemn and shouted, “Good, then I shall trouble Brother Yang to stand guard!”

Yang Kai nodded and stood to the side quietly.

“Impudence!” The Flowing Shadow Sect disciple was infuriated by Du Xian’s arrogance and, as he waved his hand, ordered, “Take them down!”

*Zheng zheng… *

The sound of swords being drawn rang out as sword lights glowed. A dozen Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples acted together, covering for each other while charging forward while releasing Sword Qi and Sword Intent.

“Senior Brother!” Ye Jing Han shouted. Du Xian understood the meaning of her call and immediately turned around to stand back to back with her. The two then swung their hands simultaneously, sending out a series of ball-like objects towards the enemy.

*Kacha… *

Following a burst of cracking sounds, these flying spheres magically transformed into life-like Monster Beasts in the blink of an eye.

With the fluctuation of World Energy, four beast puppets instantly emerged before everyone.

A python, a lizard, a wolf, and a bird.

Each of them was like a living creature and if not for the absence of vitality, all would assume they were real Monster Beasts.

Yang Kai’s eyes lit up.

Back then, when he went to the Thousand Leaves Sect, many of Thousand Leaves Sect’s Secret Techniques had been lost. Thanks to his opening of Emperor Heaven Valley though, these Secret Arts and Secret Books were finally retrieved.

At that time, he did not see the true techniques of the Thousand Leaves Sect.

With the appearance of these four puppet beasts, Yang Kai realized that the Thousand Leaves Sect had developed a lot in recent years. Each of the four puppet beasts had the power comparable to a peak Dao Source Real cultivator, and given their looks, they should be the Earth Grade Puppets of the Thousand Leaves Sect.

Because of the retrieval of their lost inheritance, the Thousand Leaves Sect disciples clearly became much better at refining puppets and applying Puppet Arts than in the past.

He initially thought that Ye Jing Han and Du Xian would not be able to handle being so outnumbered, but now it seemed like he had underestimated them.

“Chi chi chi chi… *

The sword lights that slashed towards Ye Jing Han and Du Xian were sharp and swift. If they were hit, Ye Jing Han and Du Xian would not have good ends; however, they did not show any signs of condensing their Source Qi to protect themselves and instead focused on controlling the four beast puppets.

The python-like beast puppet with bright scales curled up suddenly, wrapping around Ye Jing Han and Du Xian, and blocked all the incoming Sword Qi blades with its body, resulting in a series of dazzling sparks.

*Hong long long… *

At the same time, the lizard-like beast puppet abruptly flashed and the ground around it rapidly softened. Leaping into the air, it then dove directly into the ground, disappearing from sight. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Followed by a howl, the body of the wolf puppet emitted a navy blue light as it pounced towards the two nearest Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples with its bared fangs, causing these two to be so frightened that they kept swinging their swords wildly in order to protect themselves.

But just then, the exquisite and flexible bird puppet flew in a beautiful arc, like a bolt of thunder, penetrating directly through the chest of one of the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples.

The protection formed by that cultivator’s Source Qi was akin to paper before this attack.

*Pu… *

The Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciple spurted a mouthful of blood as he felt like his chest cavity had been emptied. As he looked down, he saw that there was a bloody hole through which he could see his organs and viscera vaguely.

Being outnumbered by more than a dozen people, one of the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples had actually died first in the first clash.

The faces of the onlookers in the distance went pale as they were all appalled by the strength of these beast puppets of the Thousand Leaves Sect.

It was obvious that the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciple did not die because of some mistake he made, but because he was simply overpowered. Each of the four beast puppets was comparable to a Third-Order Dao Source Realm cultivator, while the level of strength of the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples was uneven, so they couldn’t resist the beast puppets even though they had the advantage in numbers.

“Retreat!” The leader was also horrified by the situation and could not believe what just happened. The Flowing Shadow Sword Sect definitely seized a lot of treasures after destroying the Thousand Leaves Sect, and there were puppets among the gains.

Although many disciples in the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect possessed the puppets of Thousand Leaves Sect now, those puppets were incomparable to the four beast puppets in front of them.

Puppet Arts required not only the strength of a puppet itself but also the corresponding Secret Arts and Secret Techniques to drive it. In other words, the power of the same puppet in their hands would be quite different from that of in the hands of a Thousand Leaves Sect disciple.

Even though the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect had obtained many puppets as war trophies and studied them for some time, they still could not fully utilize their true strength, which led them to assume that these puppets were just mediocre.

But now, they knew they were wrong.

All the disciples were already frightened at the scene, so when they received the order, they naturally performed their swordsmanship together to guard themselves as they retreated quickly.

However, at this moment, the python puppet that was protecting Ye Jing Han and Du Xian suddenly whipped its tail, resulting in a resounding massacre.

The tail was as thick as a washbasin and made of some unidentifiable material, but the power of its whip could seemingly collapse a mountain. Several Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples failed to dodge the tail whip and had their abdomens cut open. Blood and bits of organs spurted from their mouths as their vitalities were wiped out.

As for those who had narrowly escaped, they couldn’t even catch their breath before a big hole suddenly opened under their feet. The lizard puppet, which had disappeared before, broke through the ground, opened its giant mouth, and bit a Flowing Shadow Sect disciple before dragging him into the earth.

The shrill scream came from underground, which frightened everyone from the tips of their hair to the marrow of their bones.

Other disciples immediately flew into the air one after another. Who would dare to stay on the ground anymore after this lesson?

However, it was not easy for them in the air, either. The wolf puppet was running at them from one direction, while the bird puppet descended upon them like lightning, each strike from the pair resulting in a spatter of blood and someone dying.

“Sword Formation!” The lead disciple of the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect roared with a pale face.

He initially thought that the trivial two Thousand Leaves Sect disciples would easily be handled by them and did not really put them into his eyes. Only after the battle began did he realize who the wolf and who the sheep really were. In just a short moment, there were already seven dead on their side, and if things continued, the rest of them would meet a similar end.

At the command, the remaining Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples rapidly came together to set up a Sword Formation to resist the terrifying beast puppets.

With the protection of the python puppet, Du Xian and Ye Jing Han were still unscathed after killing seven people. They were feeling a rush of emotions at this moment as the grievances and anger they had stomached for more than a year could finally be released. As they continued controlling their beast puppets, this sense of euphoric release only grew stronger.

Du Xian laughed out loud, “Flowing Shadow Sword Sect is nothing much!”

Although his tone was arrogant, he was not distracted and continued to control the beast puppets to fight fiercely with the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples so that they could not catch a breath.

“Those whose Sect was exterminated have no right to be impudent!” A Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciple bellowed. If he still did not try to gain back some face after seven of his fellow disciples died in front of their city gate and were openly mocked by Du Xian, the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect would probably not be able to keep a foothold in the Southern Territory in the future anymore.

Despite being terrified by the initial slaughter, the remaining disciples gradually stood firm, their hearts filling with hatred as they could not wait to rip Du Xian and Ye Jing Han into ten thousand pieces to wash off this shame.

“Exterminated?” Du Xian looked fierce as he gritted his teeth, “How could your puny Flowing Shadow Sword Sect have dared to challenge our Thousand Leaves Sect if it weren’t for you receiving outside help? Today, I, Du Xian, came here to avenge our Thousand Leaves Sect disciples who died at your hands!”

“Try it if you can! Kill!”

“Kill!” All of Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples shouted together and their Sword Intent surged. Using their Sword Formation, their auras blended together and a giant sword light slashed down from above, threatening to shatter space.

“Senior Brother!” Ye Jing Han’s face turned solemn as she performed a hand seal, causing the python puppet to shrink around them and wrap her and Du Xian up tightly.

The sword light slashed on the python puppet, sending sparks everywhere. The python shook, but Ye Jing Han and Du Xian were not hurt.

“If all you can do is cower behind your defences, why did you come to our Flowing Shadow City just to embarrass yourselves!?” A Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciple sneered and shouted as he swung his hand, “Again!”

*Chi chi chi chi… *

Many earth-shaking sword lights continued to slash down, hitting the python puppet, immobilizing it. The sturdy puppet could not withstand such concentrated attacks and countless cracks soon emerged on its body.

The onlookers were commenting about the situation with each other. They all felt that these two youths from the Thousand Leaves Sect had overestimated themselves. Since they had successfully escaped a disaster once, why did they have to come and walk right into the trap? By the looks of it, they probably would not end well today.

If they had been smart, they should have found a place to hide and strengthen themselves first before trying to make a comeback and pay off old debts in the future.

“Hahahaha!” The lead Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciple burst into laughter as soon as he saw that Ye Jing Han and Du Xian could not fight back as he taunted, “Let’s see how long you can hold on!”

*Hong… *

The earth suddenly split as the lizard puppet, which had vanished the whole time, abruptly emerged and rushed towards the Sword Formation, shaking its head and waving its tail. On the head of the lizard puppet, a man stood with his head held high. It was none other than Du Xian.

“Since when?” All the Flowing Shadow Sword Sect disciples were shocked. Although they had no clue what Du Xian was doing by rushing at them while seemingly putting his life at risk, they knew that he was obviously up to no good. They instantly surged their powers and unleashed their attacks towards Du Xian.

Instead of dodging, however, Du Xian sneered.

“The Puppet Arts of the Thousand Leaves Sect… is really amazing!” Praise came out from the crowd, as if someone had figured out what was happening.

It was not just one person who saw through the situation. At that moment, many pairs of eyes hidden in the dark stared at Du Xian who was standing on the head of the lizard puppet with looks of disbelief on their faces.