Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2699, Whoever Dares to Attack, Dies

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Tan Jun Hao burst into laughter, “A trivial Spatial Ability is nothing to be afraid of. What are you all waiting for? Finish him off quickly!”

Hearing this, the Second-Order Emperor Realm Master surnamed Xia waved his hand and shouted, “Now! Don’t give him a chance to breathe!”

Everyone’s morale was greatly boosted as they continued to perform their own hand seals, surging the power of their Secret Techniques and Emperor Artifacts.

Yang Kai’s face turned cold as he glared at Tan Jun Hao and began searching for a solution. Looking at this situation, as long as Tan Jun Hao was eliminated, the rest of these people would not be a threat because they were only compelled to kill Yang Kai because of the Heart-Strangling Insects inside them. If Tan Jun Hao died, they would not be threatened by the Heart-Strangling Insects anymore and would naturally stop attacking him.

With a plan in his mind, Yang Kai looked up and shouted angrily, “Old Dog Tan!”

He had already pounced at Tan Jun Hao with a ferocious face before he finished. The Wind and Thunder Wings spread behind him, accompanied by the sound of a raging storm, transforming him into a stream of light as he rushed to the front of Tan Jun Hao in the blink of an eye.

The latter’s face changed slightly at this sight.

Tan Jun Hao was surprised to see that Yang Kai still remained aggressive despite his predicament. Not only was this boy not afraid of facing several dozens of Emperor Realm Masters at once, he even became more ferocious. His courage and spirit were simply terrifying. Tan Jun Hao immediately raised his hand and a vast area of five-coloured light gathered in front of him before condensing into blades of light that slashed towards Yang Kai.

It was the Five Elements Grand Sealing Array. Having Tan Jun Hao, a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master controlling it personally, the power this five-coloured light blade could exert was equivalent to a blow from a top-level Emperor Realm Master.

*Chi chi chi chi…*

Countless five-coloured light blades condensed rapidly, yet Yang Kai continued to charge forward without hesitation. With a sweep of his hand, a large Moon Blade was formed, one that fluctuated with powerful Space Principles. The full moon blade was like the dark maw of an ancient beast, pitch-black in colour, filled with bottomless chaos and nothingness.

When the Moon Blade slashed out, the five-coloured light blades were shattered one after another, as if they were thin mirrors, turning into particles of light that dissipated into thin air.

Horrified, Tan Jun Hao’s eyes widened, he shouted, “An offensive Spatial Ability!”

It was his first time seeing Yang Kai using Space Principles to attack, an eye-opening experience for him. If he had not seen it with his own eyes, Tan Jun Hao would not have believed that a Spatial Ability could have such powerful lethality. His attack was instantly resolved by a single Moon Blade.

Yang Kai smiled grimly, “A trivial Spatial Ability? Die!”

He waved his hands continuously, sending out numerous Moon Blades which were much smaller than the previous one, exchanging raw power for numbers.

Tan Jun Hao narrowed his eyes, and quickly changed his hand seal while bellowing, “Five Elements Force, gather!”

The five-coloured light came together once again, radiating the aura of metal, wood, water, fire and earth, which mutually reinforced one another in an endless cycle. All of a sudden, a fortified five-coloured light shield was formed in front of him.

Things had not ended yet though as with a tap of his hand, Tan Jun Hao summoned a small shield that rapidly expanded to the size of a double door, adding a second layer of defence.

The shield exuded a rich Emperor Pressure and was obviously a formidable defensive Emperor Artifact.

It could be seen how seriously Tan Jun Hao took Yang Kai’s vicious attack by how solid a defence he erected.

*Hong hong hong…*

The Moon Blades collided with the five-coloured light shield, causing its brilliance to flash inconsistently and rapidly dim. The five-coloured light shield could not even stand for a breath of time before it shattered completely, but the remaining Moon Blades were all blocked by the Emperor Artifact shield, leaving Tan Jun Hao unscathed.

When Yang Kai was about to attack again, he sensed waves of energy approaching him from behind. It was the incoming attacks of the other Emperor Realm Masters.

He gritted his teeth and pushed the local Space Principles to teleport again.

But Tan Jun Hao waved the array flag again, destabilizing space and hindering Yang Kai from escaping.

“Quickly kill him for this Old Master!” Tan Jun Hao shouted madly and anxiously.

He thought his plan was perfect this time, and that it should be easy to catch Yang Kai, a trivial First-Order Emperor Realm Master with it. But contrary to his expectations, Yang Kai was far stronger and more difficult to deal with. Not only had Tan Jun Hao failed to take him down in a short time, but he was now the one being pressured, even forced to summon his defensive Emperor Artifact.

As a Third-Order Emperor Realm Master, he could not accept this was happening.

But he no longer had the courage to fight head-on with Yang Kai, and could only command these Emperor Realm Masters to work for him.

Yang Kai’s teleportation was dispelled by Tan Jun Hao for a second time, but he was not as flustered this time, because he was already prepared. Facing the power of the several dozen Secret Techniques and Emperor Artifacts, Yang Kai bobbed and weaved to dodge the attacks.

Even so, he only managed to dodge less than half of these strikes while the rest ripped his skin and flesh apart, splattering blood from newly made wounds. If it were not for his Dragon Transformation, Yang Kai probably would not have survived this round of attacks.

After using his Dragon Transformation, Yang Kai’s defences had increased greatly. He was only still alive thanks to the Dragon Scales on his body that blocked most of the attacking power.

“He’s not dead yet…”

Everyone was stunned. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Although they only used thirty percent of their strength to attack Yang Kai the first time, this time they had used at least seventy percent of their strength. How was it possible that a mere First-Order Emperor could still be standing after taking so many blows?

For a moment, many of them secretly held Yang Kai in awe.

The strong would be respected wherever they went, and Yang Kai’s performance was enough to earn the respect of these Emperor Realm Masters, as well as making them feel deeply ashamed of themselves. If it were not for Tan Jun Hao and the Heart-Strangling Insects, they would definitely want to make friends with Yang Kai, but now their lives weren’t theirs to control, so they could only helplessly struggle on.

In the aftermath, Yang Kai turned and swept his crimson red eyes across the Emperor Realm Masters, releasing a murderous intent so heavy it was almost tangible.

Before, he planned to cut off the General’s head in order to warn the soldiers, thinking that everything would be settled by finishing Tan Jun Hao. Unfortunately, it seemed that this plan was not feasible. Tan Jun Hao himself was not weak, and with the assistance of the Grand Spirit Array here, it really would take a lot of effort to kill him.

Furthermore, Yang Kai could not just focus on Tan Jun Hao and ignore the attacks from these Emperor Realm Masters. If they continued to come at him, Yang Kai was afraid that it would only take two more rounds for them to incapacitate him.

“Then this Young Master will deal with you first!” Yang Kai roared and stared at the cultivator surnamed Xia, who had a Second-Order Emperor Realm cultivation. This particular man was quite merciless with his last two assaults, and the most serious injuries Yang Kai suffered were thanks to him. Most of the others just followed along, while the only one really going all out was the one surnamed Xia. It was as if this man was trying to impress Tan Jun Hao, probably hoping that he would remove the Heart-Strangling Insect in him and set him free later.

When the eyes of the cultivator surnamed Xia and Yang Kai met, fear filled the former’s soul and he hurriedly retreated to try to hide in the crowd. At that same time, he waved his hands and yelled, “This little brat is already seriously injured! Let’s finish him off now!”

Yang Kai roared as he warned, “Whoever dares to attack, dies!”

At the same time, his hands flashed as he formed a series of hand seals as he whispered with a solemn look, “Time Flows on Infinitely, Like a Mighty Stream, Like an Unending Dream!”

A strange fluctuation began to propagate, while time itself seemed to slow down. This strange feeling of stagnation affected everyone’s mind.

When they regained their senses from this temporary dizziness, Yang Kai had unleashed a brutal palm strike towards the man surnamed Xia.

A withering power shot froth and the cultivator surnamed Xia was completely unable to dodge, taking a direct hit from the Time Flies Seal, causing blood to spew from his mouth.

Since the cultivator surnamed Xia had hidden in the crowd out of fear, and Yang Kai’s palm strike had a large area of effect, several cultivators near the one surnamed Xia took a hit too. Yang Kai didn’t care though as all of them had been attacking him before, so right now, they were all life or death enemies.

“This is…” Not far away, Tan Jun Hao slowly widened his eyes, as if he was recalling something. He stared at the cultivator surnamed Xia, observing carefully, refusing to miss out on any details.

The cultivator surnamed Xia stood up staggering, looking dispirited. Although there were no apparent injuries, he still seemed to have suffered a heavy blow.

He raised his hands in front of his face in a daze and watched his flesh rapidly age. The surging vitality in his body dissipated at a visible rate, as though he had aged thousands of years in the blink of an eye.

*Gudong… *

The sound of gulping was heard everywhere as everyone was terrified by what they were witnessing. Just what kind of Divine Ability could turn a hale and hearty Second-Order Emperor Realm Master into a crippled old man in such a short time?

When they turned to the other Emperor Realm Masters who were caught in Yang Kai’s attack, they found that they were withering away too. Their hair swiftly turned from black to white, their cheeks sunk in, their eyes bulged, and their original fitting clothes became loose on their shrinking frames.

“Time Flies Seal! The Divine Ability of the Flowing Time Great Emperor!” Tan Jun Hao shouted madly as his whole body trembled.

As a Star Soul Palace Elder, he had far better insight than ordinary Emperor Realm Masters. He doubted at first, but when he saw the transformation these Emperor Realm Masters experienced, he immediately recognized that what Yang Kai used was definitely the Time Flies Seal.

It was rumoured that this was a Divine Ability that involved Time Principles. Time Principles were even more abstruse than Space Principles, which was already an extremely esoteric Dao to comprehend.

Now that he recalled, this little brat had gone to the Four Seasons Realm back then, which was rumoured to be where the legacy of the Flowing Time Great Emperor was buried. It seemed that he had obtained the Time Flies Seal from the Four Seasons Realm.

But, how was it possible for a person to master The Dao of Space and the Dao of Time at the same time? The opportunities that Yang Kai obtained, as well as his innate comprehension ability, were truly terrifying, and Tan Jun Hao could not help wondering what kind of monster he had provoked.

Apart from feeling terrified, Tan Jun Hao’s determination to kill Yang Kai grew immensely. He would not feel secure allowing such a monster to fully mature.

There may be still a glimmer of hope to survive after being hit by a Spatial Ability, but if one was struck by the Time Flies Seal, even if they did not die immediately, their vitality would be greatly consumed, reducing their lifespan immensely.

In his day, the Flowing Time Great Emperor stood at the apex of the world with his Time Flies Seal. He was truly invincible, with none ignorant of his great name!