Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2760, Great Soaring Black Dragon Armor

Translator: Silavin & Raikov

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In the auction hall, many people were waiting with bated breath. Countless Divine Senses swept in from all directions towards the stage, clamouring to get the first look of the finale item.

An Emperor Artifact in itself was already extremely valuable, let alone a defensive type Emperor Artifact. What’s more, this was actually an Emperor Grade Mid-Rank Artifact Armor.

But to everyone’s regret, the box that seemed to be made of heavy metal actually blocked the probing of Divine Sense, so the efforts of the crowd were met with no results.

On the stage, the beautiful woman looked around with a smile for a moment before speaking, “This Artifact Armor was not refined by a contemporary Artifact Refining Grandmaster, but was actually found in an ancient cave mansion. It is a very old item, and was chanced upon by a friend who sent it to our chamber of commerce for auction.”

When the crowd heard this, many of them had looks of envy on their faces.

It wasn’t uncommon to find ancient cave mansions in the Star Boundary, but not everyone could encounter them. Even if somebody were to find one, there was a chance the Spirit Arrays inside would trap or even kill them, so obtaining treasures from such a place was always a risky prospect.

To be able to find an ancient cave mansion and leave unharmed, even obtaining a treasure of this level from within, one could imagine how great that person’s luck was.

[Why aren’t I as lucky as that?] Everyone was asking themselves with gritted teeth. If they could have such a fortuitous encounter, then they probably wouldn’t have to worry about cultivation resources for several lifetimes.

“Due to its age, though this Artifact Armor may be Mid-Rank, it has some flaws!”

The auction hall instantly fell silent at the beautiful woman’s words.

After a while, a voice came from one of the A Block rooms, “May I ask what sort of flaws it has?”

Many Emperor Realm Masters came specifically for this set of Artifact Armor. Previously, Violet Source Chamber of Commerce advertised that they will have an Emperor Grade Mid-Rank Artifact Armor for auction, but now, this beautiful woman was telling them that this Artifact Armor had some kind of defect.

Yang Kai was also stunned as Kang Si Ran had never told him about this.

But with his relationship with Kang Si Ran, Yang Kai was certain the former would not have hidden such a fact from him if he had known about it beforehand. In other words, even Kang Si Ran did not know about this secret.

After some thought, however, Yang Kai relaxed. Even though it may have some flaws, it was still an Emperor Grade Mid-Rank Artifact Armor. There was no need for them to be too specific while they were promoting their auction. They just had to attract visitors.

At this moment, the beautiful woman smiled, “You will all know in a moment. Now, let us invite Vice President Luo over to test the might of this Artifact Armor!”

As she gestured to her back, a somewhat short figure quickly walked out from backstage. It was Lou Chi who had been keeping watch over the auction the whole time.

Lou Chi walked over to the beautiful woman’s side and cupped his fists to the guests in the hall. Then, without a word, he condensed his Emperor Qi and pointed a finger towards the metal case. Following a noise breaking through the air, thumbnail-sized pieces of armor began flying out of the iron box, moving towards Lou Chi’s body in a chain like a black dragon.

In a clatter, the thumbnail-sized pieces of armour covered Lou Chi in a very orderly manner. Stitching together in a strict pattern, the pieces formed a black Artifact Armor that covered from his neck down to his feet.

With the armour on, Lou Chi’s aura suddenly became extremely fierce and awe-inspiring like a god of war. His First-Order Emperor Realm cultivation even seemed to have been enhanced by the armour, which dumbfounded the auction attendees.

From its appearance, the Artifact Armor did not look too heavy. Rather, it looked quite light. Lou Chi was also moving nimbly on the stage without the joints affecting him in any way. But the crowd could see very clearly that even though the Artifact Armor basically covered his entire body, there was a certain plate-sized gap on his abdomen.

It didn’t look like the Artifact Armor had been designed like this. Rather, it seemed to be missing a piece, as if this Artifact Armor had suffered a serious blow at some point, causing the piece which protected one’s lower abdomen to be lost.

“This Great Soaring Black Dragon Armor used to be a complete set, but unfortunately, part of it is missing for reasons unknown,” the beautiful woman explained.

“Is this armour even useful with such a large piece missing?” Someone asked.

The beautiful woman smiled, “The techniques of the ancient Artifact Refining Grandmasters are too foreign to us, so repairing this Artifact Armor is not possible. However, although the armour looks quite damaged, it still retains most of its defensive power. Of course, though the Artifact Armor is technically Emperor Grade Mid-Rank, the defensive power it can offer is only a bit higher than Emperor Grade Low-Rank.

While the woman spoke, Lou Chi suddenly let out a quick shout and the black armour on his body made a clinking noise before flying off from his body. Piece by piece, it hovered in mid-air, reuniting and reforming in its completed shape.

Lou Chi then lifted his hand, and a heavy and yellowed ancient book appeared in his palm.

“Unified Ceremonial Record!” Someone exclaimed.

This object that resembled an ancient book in appearance was Lou Chi’s Emperor Artifact, the Unified Ceremonial Record.

Luo Chi pushed his Emperor Qi into the Unified Ceremonial Record and caused two rays of light to shoot out, one black, one white. These yin and yang beams of light shot towards the Artifact Armor in the air. The immense power fluctuations caused everyone to pale. Nobody had any doubts that if these two rays of light were to be shot towards an unprepared Emperor Realm Master, they may kill instantly.

With a rumble, the rays of light struck the black armour, but only a spark came of it. The surface of the black armour was still glistening with a dark sheen, completely unharmed.

The beautiful woman spoke at that time, raising her voice considerably, “Through the joint appraisal of our chamber of commerce’s Grandmasters, we have determined that this set of armour is refined from the scales of an adult Black Flood Dragon. Even though Flood Dragons are common in the Star Boundary, Black Flood Dragons are extremely rare creatures known for their amazing defensive strength. This Great Soaring Black Dragon Armour is made from the scales of such a Black Flood Dragon, and its defence cannot be compared to any ordinary Emperor Artifact. This artifact can definitely save one’s life at critical moments!”

“It’s made from the scales of a Black Flood Dragon?!”

“Flood Dragons have the bloodline of the Dragon Clan. Doesn’t that mean that the scales of an adult Black Flood Dragon would also have some Draconic Nature? Sure enough, this is a good thing!”

“It may be good, but the price…”

There was a bustle under the stage for a while. The beautiful woman’s smile deepened as she waited a while before announcing, “Great Soaring Black Dragon Armor, reserve price, 10 million High-Rank Source Crystals. There are no limits on the increase. Please feel free to bid!”

As soon as those words came out, everyone drew a sharp breath.

Previously the most expensive item sold in the auction was a bottle of Emperor Grade Spirit Pills that went for 6 million High-Rank Source Crystals.

But now, the starting price of this Great Soaring Black Dragon Armor actually turned out to be 10 million High-Rank Source Crystals. It was not hard to imagine how terrifying its final price would be. The starting price alone was enough to deter ninety-nine percent of people from bidding.

Only the well-prepared Emperor Realm Masters were itching with excitement. Even though 10 million High-Rank Source Crystals was a lot, Lou Chi’s demonstration earlier showed everyone that this armour did not even scratch under the attack of a First-Order Emperor Realm Master. With an Artifact Armor like this, one could become almost invincible in front of a First-Order Emperor Realm Master. They may even be able to hold out against a Second-Order Emperor Realm Master for a short time.

Nobody wanted to miss out on something as good as this, but they also worried about the fierce competition that was waiting ahead of them.

Nobody wanted to be the one to poke their head out and make the first bid. Everyone wanted to get a feel for the competition before making their move, so for a while, the auction hall fell silent.

The beautiful woman who stood on the stage simply smiled as brightly as before, not at all in a hurry. After hosting so many auctions, she knew what these people were thinking. Even though the Great Soaring Black Dragon Armor had defects, it was still a rare treasure that would certainly be sold for a great sum.

The silence only persisted for ten breaths before someone’s voice finally rang out, “20 million!”

The Emperor Realm Masters who were still waiting to see what would happen were all startled and looked towards the source of the voice.

The voice came from Room A3, from the same man who won the Flowing Clouds Butterfly Hairpin earlier.

In an instant, the faces of many people went dark while some even cursed the person in Room A3 in their hearts.

What was he trying to do by raising the price of something from 10 million to 20 million all at once? Even if he was rich, he shouldn’t be so uncouth! Or perhaps, he was hired by the Violet Source Chamber of Commerce?

People like him were common in many auctions, their task to inflate the price of auction items and to stir up the competitive emotions of the bidders in order to squeeze more profit out of them. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

With that thought in mind, some people immediately believed that the man in Room A3 was a plant.

Inside Room A3, Qin Yu was covering her red lips with both hands as she stared in shock at Yang Kai, “Big Brother Yang, those are High-Rank Source Crystals…”

She was worried that Yang Kai did not understand the starting price and mistook it for Mid-Rank or Low-Rank Source Crystals, so she quickly tried to remind him in case he would not be able to take back his bid later.

“I know,” Yang Kai nodded and smiled lightly at her.

Qin Yu was stunned for a time before she remembered what he said to her when he gifted her the Flowing Clouds Butterfly Hairpin. It turned out that 2 million High-Rank Source Crystals really was nothing in his eyes!

“That little bastard!”

“Boy, you should mind your manners!”

“Brat, do you dare tell us your name? This Old Master would like to see whose disciple you are!”

The Emperor Realm Masters in the private rooms were also riled up at this moment and began to curse and shout.

Inside Room A9, Le Dong Zheng’s eyes almost popped out in shock as well. He already had the idea that Yang Kai was rich when he spent 2 million High-Rank Source Crystals on the Flowing Clouds Butterfly Hairpin earlier, and if he really managed to kill him, then he would definitely gain a lot. Still, he never thought that Yang Kai was rich to this extent.

He had called a price of 20 million High-Rank Source Crystals so casually, so what was his bottom line? 30 million? 40 million?

Regardless, he definitely had a lot of High-Rank Source Crystals on hand.

“Good, good, good, what a blessing for my Broken Mountain Sect!” Le Dong Zheng suddenly laughed. The richer Yang Kai was, the happier he was. As long as he could kill Yang Kai, then all that wealth would belong to him.

As for Gu Hong, he could just toss him some spare change. What fifty percent? That was simply a fool’s dream.

“You old ghosts, you still dare come to an auction even without the means to compete? Miss, I suggest disqualifying them from the auction and driving them out, lest they tarnish the reputation of the Violet Source Chamber of Commerce.” Yang Kai was also not pleased with the scolding and shouted to the beautiful woman on the stage.

The beautiful woman heard this and frowned, “Please, are you here for the auction or to quarrel? If you are here to curse at others, then this Mistress must ask you to stop interfering with the progress of our auction.”

As soon as she said that, the Emperor Realm Masters went silent, not daring to start any more trouble.