Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2773, Supreme Divine Water

Translator: Silavin & frozenfire

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In the end, the three Extreme Soul Tempering Pills were sold to a red-robed old man who bid five million High-Rank Source Crystals.

The red-robed old man seemed to be the Sect Master of a third class Sect and was surnamed Yu, though Yang Kai was unable to remember his given name. Earlier, he had exchanged greetings with this red-robed old man after being dragged around by Wen Zi Shan for a round of celebratory toasting. Nevertheless, despite his outstanding memory, Yang Kai was unable to remember the names of faces of over a hundred Emperors while slightly intoxicated.

It also could be attributed to his lack of motivation to remember.

Following up, Qiu Ran pulled out another two treasures, and just like the Extreme Soul Tempering Pills earlier, they were sold off for only Source Crystals. This created a wave of loud hustling among the Emperor Realm participants before the bids were won by a man and a woman at high prices.

After those three treasures, the atmosphere within this exchange meet had been ignited.

When Qiu Ran left the stage, the red-robed old man that had won the bid for the Extreme Soul Tempering Pills earlier took the lead and scuttled up onto the stage. Raising his hands, he greeted the people present with a grin, “This old man greets fellow friends.”

As he said that, with a wave of his hand, a scarlet red fruit appeared on his palm, “This is a 3,000-year-old Blue Blood Scarlet Dragon Fruit, and I am looking to trade this for Water Attribute Spirit Herb or Emperor Pill of equal value.”

Right as the Blue Blood Scarlet Dragon Fruit was brought out, a unique fragrance wafted across the interior of the palace, with anyone who smelled it feeling as though they were filled with life and vitality, causing a shock to their minds.

All of the Emperors present here were people with acute senses and mental faculties, so they knew that this Blue Blood Scarlet Dragon Fruit was an exceedingly rare treasure. This obviously moved the hearts of quite a few people, especially those who cultivated a Fire Attribute Secret Art or Technique, who now had flushed looks on their faces.

Five Space Rings were immediately tossed out silently from below the stage.

Receiving them, the red-robed old man examined their contents. A pensive look appeared on his face before he finally chose one of the rings. Returning the other rings, he walked off the stage and handed the Blue Blood Scarlet Dragon Fruit to the owner of the ring he had chosen.

With the red-robed old man giving a good example, the exchanges that followed suit grew increasingly lively, moving along at a rapid pace.

As one Emperor stepped down, he or she would immediately be replaced by another Emperor, retrieving the item they wanted to exchange, and listing out their exchange criteria.

Other than the rare person who was too greedy or had overly demanding requests, the rest of the Emperors were all able to obtain the items that they wanted.

Yang Kai remained seated all the while, with no intention of participating in the exchanges for the time being. However, he was enjoying the meeting with relish. As he was now, despite his great wealth with ordinary treasures not catching his eye at all, being able to watch the various kinds of strange and exotic treasures brought out in this exchange meeting, with every one of them being the precious gems of these Emperor Realms, widened his perspective greatly. This experience greatly expanded his knowledge, allowing him to recognize these treasures should they appear before him in the future.

Even Chen Qian and Di Rong, Elders of Azure Sun Temple, had personally taken to the stage and exchanged their treasures for things that they wanted from the participating Emperor Realms.

Although some people might be at a slight disadvantage in such an exchange, it was truthfully harmless; after all, if the disparity in value between the exchanged treasures was too great, it could just be balanced out using Source Crystals. Since everyone present here were sharp-eyed, no one would let themselves suffer too much of a loss in an exchange, so it was naturally impossible to pick up a bargain here.

“Is there anything that catches your eye?” Gao Xue Ting suddenly asked.

Yang Kai shook his head, “Let’s continue watching.”

“If there’s anything you’re interested in, go and inform your Senior Sister Chen. Your Senior Sister Chen controls our temple’s storehouse so she should be able to exchange a thing or two for you. This can be considered a little gift for your conferment as an Elder of our temple.”

As the two were chatting, a peculiar fluctuation suddenly rippled from the stage.

Everyone turned their eyes over swiftly, only to see a middle-aged man on the stage with a transparent bottle in his hand. Some liquid seemed to be sloshing slightly within the bottle, with the strange energy fluctuation that rippled out earlier precisely coming from the contents of that bottle.

“That’s…”

Yang Kai’s eyes lit up, as he was faintly able to guess what that thing was. Right as he was dwelling in his thoughts, a surprised gasp rang out by the side of his ear, “Supreme Divine Water!”

A commotion rose within the Emperor Realms present as everyone’s eyes glowed brighter by a few degrees as they stared at the liquid within the bottle.

Indeed, it was Supreme Divine Water. Yang Kai had also managed to recognize the item.

He had indeed bumped into this treasure before. Back then, he had managed to see a drop of Supreme Divine Water while in the Flowing Time Temple within the Four Seasons Realm. Nevertheless, that drop had ended up in Murong Xiao Xiao’s hands, and he did not know if it had been used up or not.

In the Star Boundary, there were Three Great Divine Waters; the Soul Cleansing Divine Water, the Life Revitalizing Jade Cream, and the Immortal Source Liquid. Each one of these was a naturally formed product and possessed immense benefits to cultivators.

Yang Kai had obtained all of the Three Great Divine Waters at one point or another in the past; however, there was another kind of Divine Water out there. Although it was not considered to be part of the Three Great Divine Waters, its value and efficacy were not inferior to theirs.

It was precisely the Supreme Divine Water!

Its use was in the maturation of Spirit Herbs, but wasn’t useful if consumed directly by a cultivator. This resulted in its exclusion from the Great Divine Waters, though no one could dispute its preciousness.

If a Spirit Herb was nourished by a drop of Supreme Divine Water, it would undergo a rapid maturation, increasing its medicinal age drastically. A single year’s worth of growth would be sufficient to reach a medicinal age of thousands of years compared to other Spirit Medicines. Furthermore, it posed absolutely no harm to the Spirit Herb, as though it had simply grown naturally.

The Supreme Divine Water was also the Divine Water that Alchemists would most hope to obtain. Imagine, if a precious Spirit Medicine needed a thousand years to reach maturity but could be instantly cultivated to its full potential next year if it were fed with a drop of the Supreme Divine Water, readying it for use in Alchemy.

The medicine garden in Yang Kai’s Small Sealed World had a large amount of Heavy Earth as well as quite a few Earth Vein Crystals, which aided in promoting the growth of Spirit Herbs. There were many Spirit Herbs that were being grown within the Sealed World Bead’s medicine garden, with a year of growth there being able to match a hundred years in the outside world, making it have a similar effect to the Supreme Divine Water. Nevertheless, Yang Kai was still incomparably attracted to the Supreme Divine Water.

That was because the Firmament Tree needed the Supreme Divine Water to expedite the development of its sealing capabilities.

The sealing strength present within the gold and silver Firmament Tree was able to seal the Ancient Demon Qi within Yang Kai’s body; however, if Yang Kai were to display his Demon Transformation technique, the seal would be broken. When that happened, he would need to rely on the strength of the Firmament Tree to reseal the Demon Qi. If not, he would be destined to devolve into a Demon.

The amount of Supreme Divine Water present in the man’s hand was not much, three to five drops at most. In other people’s hands, this was capable of only promoting the growth of a few stalks of precious Spirit Herbs. However, it might be able to save Yang Kai’s life during critical moments.

As he weighed those thoughts in his head, Yang Kai reached a decision.

The man on the stage took a look around before giving a faint smile, “I think there’s no need for this one to describe the benefits of this Supreme Divine Water, as everyone should already understand its value. However, I don’t need Source Crystals, just a suitable exchange.”

Those words sounded somewhat overly crafty, as he did not set any conditions for the exchange. Yet, it gave people a feeling as though he was trying to take advantage of this exchange meeting, causing many of the Emperors present to feel displeasure at his actions. Nevertheless, that was his property, and he was the only person that could decide whether he would want to exchange it or not. Therefore, despite the displeasure they felt in their hearts, they had no other choice but to suck it up and bid.

After a moment of silence, Space Ring after Space Ring flew towards the stage. Clearly, those rings were filled with items people wanted to exchange for this man’s Supreme Divine Water.

Yang Kai had also filled his Space Ring with some items, which he felt would absolutely be enough to show his sincerity! He had too many items in his hands, so he did not mind taking a slight loss in the exchange. As long as he was able to obtain the Supreme Divine Water, it would be worth the price.

The middle-aged man proceeded to observe the items present in each one of the Space Rings, before returning them to their owners below the stage. This caused quite a few Emperor Realms to reveal looks of disappointment as they clenched their teeth in silence, all while thinking how utterly greedy the fellow on the stage was.

All of them had assumed that the items they had placed in their Space Ring were more than sufficient to be exchanged for those drops of Supreme Divine Water, yet their Space Rings had been promptly returned.

When it came time for Yang Kai’s Space Ring, the middle-aged man shot a look at it, though he did not return it immediately after doing so. Instead, he muttered to himself, held it in his hand, before continuing to search through the other Space Rings.

His actions caused Yang Kai’s brow to twitch as he knew that the items he had placed in his Space Ring were sufficient to fulfil the middle-aged man’s demands, though the latter had yet to make his decision.

After a short while, the middle-aged man’s eye lit up upon searching through another Space Ring. Without any hesitation at all, he proceeded to throw Yang Kai’s Space Ring back.

Yang Kai’s face turned black as he gloomily grabbed his Space Ring.

He felt that he had already offered a very good deal for the exchange, as it was impossible for other people to offer anything higher than the price of the items he had placed in the Space Ring. Yet, the owner of the Supreme Divine Water had declined his offer.

Since that had happened, there could only be two reasons. The first one was that another person had offered a trade of greater value than what Yang Kai had offered. Nevertheless, the possibility of this was not high, as no one present here was wealthier than Yang Kai! This only left the second possibility, which was that the other person had offered items that the middle-aged man needed urgently, leading to this result. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

“Many thanks for everyone’s participation. This one has decided to proceed with the exchange with this friend.” After finishing his inspection of all the Space Rings, the middle-aged man gave a faint smile before tossing the bottle of Supreme Divine Water down from the stage.

A person extended his hand and grabbed it, before storing it in his Space Ring.

Yang Kai shot a look at that person, silently committing his appearance to memory.

The exchange meeting continued on, with good items popping up from time to time, attracting fervent reactions from everyone present. Nevertheless, with everyone present being an Emperor Realm Master, they couldn’t lose their heads over those treasures. Therefore, regardless of how fiery the atmosphere and the bidding became, the exchange meeting continued on in an organized and orderly fashion.

Basically everyone was able to obtain the items they were interested in, with only a small minority leaving empty-handed in disappointment.

After an hour, a short old man walked up to the stage. Present on his face was an amicable smile, giving people a good impression of him. Opening his mouth, he spoke, “This old man doesn’t have anything too good to exchange. Nevertheless, having come here, I can’t just return empty-handed, so I wish to share a little something with everyone.”

As he said those words, he retrieved an item that looked like a cosmetics box from his Space Ring.

The item was not large, approximately the size of one’s palm. It was exquisitely and beautifully crafted, its exterior gleaming and sparkling with soft light. This caused the eyes of quite a few of the women present here to light up.

However, the people present knew that this box was definitely not a cosmetics box, as an Emperor Realm Master would not take out an ordinary item in such a situation.

Divine Senses came sweeping over as people inspected the interior of the box, but after a short instant, weird looks appeared on the faces of quite a few Emperors.

“Everyone, please take a look!” The old man gave a faint smile and cracked open the lid of the box.

In the next instant, a soft and gentle ringing sound rang out from the box, forming a simple, yet mysterious song. The sounds seemed to contain a peculiar strength that caressed the soul like an invisible jade white hand, calming everyone’s flustered and impatient hearts and allowing their moods to become calm and tranquil.