Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2796, Five Elements Converged and a World Is Born

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Just as the four of them were searching for the cause of the incident, what happened previously happened again.

In the following days, such an event occurred again and again, more than a dozen times in total.

A situation like that occurring in the fourth layer undoubtedly meant that something was happening to one of the Emperor Realm Masters. Among them, excluding Yang Kai, there were Lan Xun, Xiao Chen, and Lei Ting. These three were all descendants of Star Soul Palace’s higher ups, and no accident was allowed to befall them.

As this matter was of great importance, Great Elder Lei Hong didn’t dare to delay things any further and sent a message to the Great Emperor. He informed the Great Emperor of this matter and asked him to decide how they should deal with it.

“Has the Great Emperor said anything?” Xue Zheng Mao paced back and forth impatiently before suddenly halting for a moment and glancing over at Lei Hong.

Although none of the disciples training in the fourth layer were his relatives, Xue Zheng Mao was still one of the Elders of Star Soul Palace. His life was tied to Star Soul Palace, so he was very concerned about everything related to its future. If not for that, he would not have lowered himself to attacking Yang Kai, a Junior who was weaker than him.

Just as Lei Hong shook his head in response, he suddenly saw a white light swiftly approaching them from a distance and immediately felt shocked. Reaching out to grab the object, Lei Hong sent his Divine Sense into it, after which his expression became strange.

“What did the Great Emperor say?” Xiao Yu Yang asked in a low voice.

Lei Hong glanced at the other three Elders and answered, “Wait and see…”

“Wait and see? How can we just wait and see…” Xue Zheng Mao muttered under his breath. It seemed as though he had not expected the Great Emperor to give such passive instructions.

Xiao Yu Yang pondered for a while before affirming, “I’m sure the Great Emperor has his own reasons, so we cannot rashly interfere in this matter.”

Nobody dared to disobey the orders of the Great Emperor, and since such orders were given, they would carry them out faithfully. The four Elders could only speculate as to why the Great Emperor was not worried for the Juniors in the fourth layer.

…..

Half a month later, Yang Kai stood in a dilapidated space and frowned. He had shuttled through various shattered worlds for the past half month and used the Sealed World Bead to devour the shattered World Principles of all of them, gaining immensely.

Putting aside the fact that he gained some understanding regarding World Force, just the World Principles absorbed by the Sealed World Bead were of unimaginable value. One by one, the shattered worlds were completely destroyed and each destroyed world meant that the Sealed World Bead had cleanly devoured its Principles. And each time, Yang Kai had to confront the rejection and hostility of those worlds. These worlds were of different sizes, and the hostility could be strong or weak depending on its scope.

Thunder and lightning strikes were the most common occurrences. Some shattered worlds even had ancient relics hidden in them which were incredibly powerful. Driven by the Will of the World, these ancient relics attacked him and engaged him in a fight to the death all for the sake of driving away this intruder. No matter how well Yang Kai concealed himself, he could not escape from such a fate.

Fortunately, this was only the fourth layer, so even if ancient relics remained, their strength was not that terrifying. It was not hard for Yang Kai to defeat these obstacles with his current cultivation. That might not be the case if he were at the highest level, the fifth layer. However, the fifth layer could not be directly accessed from the intermediate space, so Yang Kai could only search for the entrance among the shattered worlds in the fourth layer.

Over the past few days, the number of shattered worlds he had consumed reached over two dozen. Similarly, the ancient relics he annihilated were numerous too. Even so, he could not locate the entrance to the fifth layer. Yang Kai didn’t know if his luck was bad or the entrances were simply too few.

After half a month of hard work though, Yang Kai ran into an obstacle. He could distinctly sense that the Sealed World Bead had devoured enough World Principles to reach perfection, but that didn’t seem to be enough to complete this evolution. It would seem as though something was still missing, and the Sealed World Bead was unable to take this last step, leaving Yang Kai feeling very troubled.

“Dao begets one, one begets two, two begets three, three begets all. Yin and Yang become the Five Elements. When the Five Elements converge, a new world is born… Five Elements… Five Elements…” Muttering endlessly under his breath, Yang Kai’s eyes brightened suddenly as if he vaguely realized something.

A moment later, he stood up abruptly, reached out to tear the space apart, and returned to the intermediate space. His eyes were shining with a sharp light as he searched for something among the countless clouds, and after a short while, his eyes lit up, “Found it!”

Yang Kai’s body moved as he rushed towards a cloud emitting a dazzling golden light. In the next moment, he appeared in the world distorted by Metal Attribute Principles. It was also the first shattered world he had entered half a month ago.

[If the Five Elements are missing, then I just need to replenish all the Five Elements. After all, the Five Coloured Treasure Pagoda does not lack Principles of the Five Elements.] Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Summoning the Sealed World Bead, Yang Kai opened its World Barrier and began devouring the Metal Attribute Principles and World Energy here with all his might. In the meantime, he separated a part of his consciousness to keep a vigilant eye on his surroundings.

After repeating this process so many times, Yang Kai had become experienced in dealing with what was to come. No matter what, the world would not sit idly by and allow him to seize its Principles. It would definitely interfere and try to expel him. Even so, a different world with different Principles would also have different means of rejecting him.

There was no sign of clouds gathering in the sky this time, allowing Yang Kai to let out a breath of relief. He had grown apprehensive of being struck by lightning after experiencing it so many times and would become anxious the moment he heard the crackling sound of thunder. Fortunately, this world was distorted by the Metal Attribute Principles. There was no place for other Attribute Principles here, so thunder and lightning couldn’t appear.

Even so, the hostility and rejection of the world were unprecedentedly fierce. If it wasn’t for his solid foundation and great strength, Yang Kai might have been forced out a long time ago.

“What is it this time…” His expression was not nervous. Rather, he seemed a little excited.

The experience of being the enemy of a world and resisting its attempts to expel him was not something ordinary people would have the chance to experience, and each time Yang Kai fought back, he grew from the experience.

Previously, he had searched for worlds that contained various Attribute Principles mixed together while this was his first attempt refining a single-Attributed Principle world like this, so he couldn’t help looking forward to it.

*Zheng…*

A clear sound rang out suddenly, like a sword being unsheathed. Yang Kai looked in the direction the sound originated from and raised his brow in response. Not far away, a blade formed from golden light took shape. It floated mid-air, spinning slowly, its tip pointing directly at him.

“A Golden Sword…” Yang Kai grinned, “How interesting…”

The clear sound rang out again and again, interrupting his monologue. In the next moment, hundreds of Golden Swords suddenly appeared in all directions. All the swords looked like they had been cast from the same mould, identical to one another. Moreover, each Golden Sword emitted an extremely sharp aura that felt as if it could split the mountains and the sea.

*Gudong…*

Yang Kai couldn’t help swallowing nervously as his expression became difficult.

With so many Golden Swords appearing together, and every one of them brimming with thick hostility, Yang Kai just couldn’t bring himself to feel happy. Things hadn’t ended yet, though, as even more Golden Swords gathered. In the blink of an eye, Yang Kai suddenly found himself in the middle of a sea of Golden Swords that stretched out in all directions around him. Trapped, he felt as if he was a small boat caught in the middle of a raging storm, liable to capsize at any moment.

After the countless Golden Swords appeared, they did not attack him immediately, though, instead humming in unison. Apparently, these swords were showcasing their sentience to give a demonstration and a warning. Gathering together, they formed a terrifying Sword Intent that threatened to turn this broken and desolated world upside down.

However, Yang Kai was unmoved, his expression simply turning grim as he stood at the ready.

A few moments later, the Golden Swords began to tremble. Soon, the trembling became high-speed spinning, leaving behind traces of their afterimages in place. It felt as if they were being controlled by innumerable invisible hands, breaking through the obstacles of space to strike at Yang Kai all of a sudden.

His Myriads Sword had long been summoned, and as the countless Sword waves burst out, Yang Kai brandished his long sword to protect his body. Even so, this defence lasted only for a short while before it fell apart.

*Ding ding dang dang…*

The sounds of clashing metal rang out and sparks flew everywhere. When Yang Kai’s sword defence broke, even more Golden Swords appeared instantly, as if trying to turn him into mincemeat.

Yang Kai was shocked. Even though he had not looked down on the strength of the Golden Swords, he had still underestimated them. In his desperation, he hurriedly covered himself in Five Elements Indestructible Sword Qi. Unfortunately, this layer of protection was also quickly broken.

*Chi. Chi. Chi. Chi…*

More blades swept towards Yang Kai at that moment and he quickly turned into a ragged and wretched state. A deep slash even appeared on his face, revealing the bones below. Covered in blood, Yang Kai looked quite terrifying now.

After the volley of attacks, the Golden Sword calmed down significantly and did not launch another attack. The Heavenly Way had determined that the benefits gained could not outweigh the damages suffered. Therefore, the Will of the World would not go to extreme lengths and leave no room for manoeuvre. It simply wanted to make Yang Kai retreat in the face of danger.

Since he had experienced this situation many times though, Yang Kai was quite familiar with it. Despite suffering some setbacks, he did not plan to give up. Instead, he urged the Sealed World Bead to devour the Metal Attribute Principle of this place even more vigorously, enraging the world in the process.

Consequently, countless Golden Swords exuded even greater Sword Intent than before as they rotated more and more rapidly.

The Golden Swords struck out again with a soft sound a moment later.

Yang Kai was prepared for it this time though and shouted, “Dragon Transformation!”

The Golden Divine Dragon Source Strength manifested, and a huge Golden Dragon Head flashed behind Yang Kai’s bloody figure. The next moment, Yang Kai’s body grew, his originally tall stature abruptly elongating to more than ten metres tall. Then, scales appeared on his bare skin, and flesh bulged out on both sides of his head, as if something was trying to break out of it. His hands turned into Dragon Claws that were incomparably sharp, and he had a Dragon Tail growing out his back. Moreover, the Great Soaring Black Dragon Armor draped over his body made him look incredibly majestic.

During this period of time, Yang Kai cultivated the authentic Dragon Transformation Secret Technique with the help of the Golden Divine Dragon Source Strength whenever he had free time. Cultivating this Secret Technique yielded twice the result with half the effort with his innate advantages, and at present, the Dragon Transformation Secret Technique seemed to be much stronger than the last time he used it.

The last time he used the Dragon Transformation in front of Hua Qing Si, he recalled that he had barely reached three metres in height, but now, Yang Kai stood an impressive ten metres tall! If he continued to cultivate this Secret Technique, his transformed figure would surely become even bigger. If not for the Emperor Artifact, the Great Soaring Black Dragon Armor, he would also have ended up naked at this moment.

Although the Dragon Transformation only took a moment, the thousands of Golden Swords were already attacking Yang Kai. He reached out with his Dragon Claws and grabbed a dozen or so Golden Swords, using a bit of strength to crack and destroy all of them without a trace.