Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2800, The Ancient Barbarian Race

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

There were many log houses in the surrounding area. These log houses had a simple and crude appearance that was similar to how the people here looked. Next, Yang Kai gazed into the distance and saw a wall made of logs and stones that was erected not far away. This place was probably a village. Moreover, it looked like a very primitive and ancient village.

Meanwhile, the beastly roars that made one feel extremely uneasy came from outside the wall. Many villagers were standing on top of the wall, either throwing huge boulders or shooting arrows from large bows. The flames of war were raging and a bloody smell permeated the air. It was a very nauseating smell.

All of a sudden, Yang Kai’s eyes narrowed. A muscular leopard over ten metres in length scaled over the wall and opened its bloody jaws wide before chomping down on one of the villager’s heads. Even though the villager had a body that was as burly as an iron tower, how could he win against an existence like that? After a short struggle, the leopard bit the villager’s head off, causing blood to gush out like a fountain. It was a harsh sight to see under the scorching sun.

Seemingly enraged by what happened, the villagers around the wall lunged towards the leopard with a roar. At the same time, a dozen arrows flew through the air and buried themselves into the leopard’s body.

In response, the leopard roared in pain and staggered on its feet. Following that, a villager threw himself at the leopard, knocking it off the wall and falling with it outside. There was no need to guess at the fate of that villager as it was an obvious outcome.

This caused a section of the wall to instantly become undefended. Hence, the remaining villagers were a little panicked and at a loss for what to do. All of them were screaming constantly as a result.

“Hurry, hurry, hurry!” Ah Hu dragged Yang Kai to the bottom of the wall. Exerting some strength in his hands, he reached out and tossed Yang Kai up to the top before turning to a robust woman standing nearby and shouting, “Ah Hua, I’ll leave Ah Niu in your hands!”

The woman named Ah Hua glanced at Ah Niu at those words, her bushy brows furrowing together slightly as if she was a little disgruntled. She was about to say something, but Ah Hu had already rushed out towards the village gate.

“Forget it; it’s better than nothing,” Ah Hua muttered in annoyance. She stretched out her hand toward Yang Kai and uttered succinctly, “Arrows!”

Yang Kai was slightly taken aback by her words. To be honest, he was still stunned by everything that had taken place ever since he entered this Sealed World and had yet to gather his wits. Moreover, the bewildering changes left him unable to figure out the situation he was in right now.

All he understood was that he had appeared in this somewhat primitive and ancient village for some reason, inexplicably received the name ‘Ah Niu’, and was unwittingly caught up in a bloody war.

Yang Kai had explored several Sealed Worlds before but never had he encountered a situation as complicated and perplexing as this. He had the vague feeling that the Sealed World he entered this time around was rather special; thus, he decided to be on his guard at all times. Who knows? He might receive unexpected gains from this venture. In any case, he was in no position to care about whether these villagers were illusions, hallucinations, or something else.

[I’ll deal with it when the time comes; things will always work out, one way or another.]

“Are you deaf!? Hand me the arrows!” Seeing that Yang Kai was still in a daze, the woman named Ah Hua couldn’t help shouting at him, her eyes as red and bloodshot as Ah Hu’s. Furthermore, her emotions of fury and hatred were so strong that they almost seemed to condense into a tangible substance. Her fury and hatred were of course not aimed at Yang Kai, but rather born from the feelings of powerlessness after seeing many of her fellow villagers being devoured by the wild beasts to the point where not even bones were left, yet being completely helpless to avenge their deaths.

Yang Kai finally snapped back to his senses after being shouted at like this. He hurriedly looked around and saw a pile of arrows fashioned from some unknown wood lying by his feet. Each wooden arrow was approximately three metres long and as thick as a baby’s arm, giving them a terrifying look.

Reaching out to pick them up, Yang Kai grunted in surprise. This wooden arrow was incredibly heavy, almost as if it was made from heavy iron rather than wood. It was hard for him to imagine how an ordinary person without even Yuan Qi could manage them.

“Your task is to hand me these arrows!” Ah Hua looked at him sternly and shouted, “Do you understand?!”

“Yes, I understand!” Yang Kai nodded honestly and took the opportunity to study this woman named Ah Hua. The villagers here were generally burly and rough around the edges; however, this woman named Ah Hua looked beautiful and had a curvy figure. Her towering peaks were barely wrapped in animal skins, revealing a deep valley passing between the mountains. She had a slim waist, a flat belly, and tight, rounded bottom.

If she wasn’t such a tall and strong woman, she would make for a decent beauty. However, no petite and delicate ladies could be born in an environment where physical strength was of paramount importance; after all, death was the only ending for an ordinary person without strength here. Even so, this Ah Hua had a different kind of wild beauty to her.

With an arrow in hand, she immediately drew the giant bow into a full moon. This sight made Yang Kai’s brow twitch slightly as he could only imagine the amount of strength required to draw a bow like that. Even so, she did it so easily that it looked like it was effortless.

Weng…

Following that whistling sound, the arrow shot forward and Yang Kai could distinctly see the burst of compressed air in front of the arrowhead as it left the bow. The force behind that arrow was terrifying. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

A giant beast leaping towards them was nailed in the eye mid-air by the arrow. The three-metre-long arrow pierced through its skull and caused blood to splatter everywhere. Then, the giant beast fell to the ground heavily and struggled for a few moments before it stopped moving completely.

“Amazing!” Yang Kai praised sincerely.

Ah Hua simply looked at him coldly and stretched out a hand. Understanding what she meant, Yang Kai hurriedly picked up an arrow from the ground and handed it to her. Pulling the bow back again, she loosened another arrow.

Every arrow Ah Hua shot killed a giant beast, with each one piercing directly into the eye of an enemy, smashing their heads without fail. It could be said that she never missed her mark.

More than ten other archers like Ah Hua stood on top of the wall, and each of them had superb skills, which amazed Yang Kai greatly. If the villagers in this village had not had this impressive ability, they would not have been able to survive in such a place where the circumstances were so harsh.

The battle on the wall reached a kind of stability, with Ah Hua and the other archers shooting their arrows in an orderly manner. Meanwhile, hundreds of villagers held various weapons in their hands as they brutally slew those giant beasts outside the village.

The roar of the beasts and the furious shouts of man intertwined together. Blood splattered everywhere as body parts were cleaved off. Giant beasts fell and villagers died, one after another. An inextricable life-or-death battle took place in front of this nameless village. It seemed as though both sides had an absolutely irreconcilable hatred for each other and refused to stop until one party completely exterminated the other.

On the battlefield, an ancient melody suddenly resounded in an aged voice. An old man with a stooped figure walked across the ground scattered with bodies with a cane. His undulating voice was accompanied by the flickering of his cane which shone with an inexplicable brilliance. At that moment, it felt as if something akin to spirituality poured into the bodies of the fighting villagers.

Every villager shrouded in that brilliance suddenly became incredibly bold and fierce. As if inspired by something, their skin turned crimson and the surface of their bodies were covered in a layer of red light. Releasing furious roars, they began knocking the giant beasts back with overwhelming force.

It was an incredibly strange sight to see the seemingly weak and unassuming stooped figure old man walking across the battlefield defenceless. Even so, the giant beasts seemed to ignore him as if they couldn’t even see him at all.

Yang Kai widened his eyes in surprise and exclaimed, “Barbarian Techniques! The Barbarian Race?! The Ancient Barbarian Race?!”

At first, he had no idea what kind of place this seemingly primitive and ancient village was; however, he suddenly had a flash of inspiration and vaguely realized where this was after witnessing the old man’s mysterious methods.

It was rumoured that in ancient times, before cultivation became widespread and man-made disasters became endless, humans fought against the Heavens just to survive. Thus, the Barbarian Techniques were born.

The Ancient Barbarian Race placed great importance on cultivating their physical bodies, and it was said that when their bodies were cultivated to the highest level, they would become practically immortal and indestructible, making the true powerhouses not inferior to the Great Emperors of today. In that era, there were no Secret Techniques and Secret Arts, nor artifacts and advanced weapons. All anyone could rely on was the strength of their own body. Hence, the Humans of that era were known as the Ancient Barbarian Race; they were also the ancestors of the Human race today.

Among the Barbarian Techniques, the most famous and practical technique was the Bloodlust Technique. Similar to what the old man was doing at the moment, they used an inexplicable power to inspire the hidden potential within one’s body to increase their strength exponentially by burning their Blood Essence. Unfortunately, the Bloodlust Art had a huge pitfall. Once it was used, it would cause a person to become weak for a period afterwards. It would also affect their lifespan. If the technique was used multiple times, it might even kill the affected instead of aiding them. This was because the Bloodlust Art utilized the innate Blood Essence in a person’s body as its fuel.

[No wonder all the villagers look so haggard and old. It seems like it is not their first time utilizing the Bloodlust Art.] A person would undoubtedly grow older faster as their Blood Essence was consumed. Moreover, only a very small number of people among the Ancient Barbarian Race could master the Barbarian Techniques. Most people could only train their bodies, while those who could cultivate the Barbarian Techniques were known as Shamans! Thus, the Barbarian Secret Arts were also known as Shamanic Spells!

The old man was undoubtedly a Shaman; however, Yang Kai did not know how powerful a Shaman he was as all of this belonged to ancient history. Besides, Yang Kai had only heard the occasional mention about the Ancient Barbarian Race after roaming the Star Boundary for a long time. How could he be familiar with the division of power of this distant age?

[I can’t believe that they are the Ancient Barbarian Race! Moreover, I witnessed a Shamanic Spell! Does that mean that the place I am in right now is part of ancient history? But, how can this be? The gap between the present and these primitive times is far too wide. Moreover, this entire race had long ago been lost to the river of time. How did this Sealed World maintain a complete legacy from ancient times? Is this place real or fake? Can it be that I really am Ah Niu? Then, what happened to Yang Kai? Am I dreaming?]

“The Village Chief is a Shaman Apprentice. Did you only realize this today? What rock have you been living under for all these years?” When Ah Hua heard what Yang Kai was muttering, she couldn’t help snapping at him. Her saliva splattered across his face as she scolded, “Don’t forget; the village doesn’t need good-for-nothings. If not for Ah Hu constantly sharing some food with you, you would have starved to death a long time ago! You better prove the value of your existence today. Don’t you dare bring shame to Ah Hu!”