Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2802, Crushing Dry Weeds and Smashing Rotten Wood

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Heavy snow had begun to fall in this ancient and primitive world at some point, dyeing everyone’s vision with white. It also made the shockingly red blood stand out even more against the ground. Despite the freezing conditions, the villagers seemed oblivious to the cold, leaving their skin exposed to the elements as it gave off steaming heat.

Outside the village, hundreds of villagers were armed with primitive weapons such as stone axes and stone spears as they fought in a bloody battle against the giant beasts. More than a dozen archers stood atop the wall and provided strong support to the fighters with their superb skills. Meanwhile, the stooped figure of the Village Chief continued to run about the battlefield. His pitch-black cane occasionally flashed with weak bursts of light as he used his meagre Shamanic Spells to resist the invasion of the Beast Tide.

The bloody glow surrounding the bodies of the villagers that were subjected to the Bloodlust Spell was growing dimmer. Needless to say, it was a sign that the effects of the Bloodlust Spell were beginning to fade. These villagers would fall into a period of prolonged weakness and lose their ability to fight once the Bloodlust Spell lost its effectiveness, so if they failed to repel the Beast Tide before that happened, only one end was waiting for the entire village: Utter destruction.

Hundreds of the strongest warriors would become food for the giant beasts throughout winter. Similarly, the old, the weak, the women, and the children would suffer the same fate. At that time, all the lands touched by the cruel oppression of the giant beasts would suffer endlessly.

For that reason, the villagers continued to fight to their last breaths so long as the Beast Tide was not repelled. Their homes were behind them, so nobody could retreat.

Sou sou sou…

Yang Kai released three arrows, and three giant beasts fell dead instantly. These impressive techniques left Ah Hua feeling dazzled. If she had been stunned by him drawing a bow and shooting with such great accuracy earlier, she was now completely unable to process what she saw in front of her, her mind going blank from the shock.

[I didn’t know that the bow could be used like that.] She had her pride as the best Spirit Archer in the village. Nobody else in the village could beat her when it came to archery; however, she had never heard of, nor seen archery like what Ah Niu was performing, shooting arrows at the same time.

[We can win this! We will definitely win this!] Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Ah Niu’s sudden transformation gave her a shining ray of hope for victory. As long as he maintained his current pace, something as trivial as the Beast Tide would be nothing to worry about!

“Sister Hua, Brother Ah Niu, this is bad! We don’t have many arrows left! These are the last five bundles! Aunt Li told me to let you know to use them sparingly,” the young man in charge of logistics shouted, running up to them with a few bundles of arrows in his arms.

His words felt like a basin of ice-cold water pouring down on Ah Hua. One bundle of arrows contained ten, so five bundles meant fifty arrows. At best, they could only kill another fifty giant beasts. But, the Beast Tide won’t end with just fifty more deaths!

Ah Hua’s complexion paled suddenly. If there was no support from the archers, Ah Hu and the rest fighting desperately below would undoubtedly die. Thus, she turned around, glared at the young boy, and roared, “How can there be so few left?! What about the arrows in the warehouse?! Didn’t you take them out?!”

The young boy looked mournful, “We took them all out, but you are consuming the arrows too quickly! Even though Aunt Li and the others are doing their best to craft more, they can’t keep up with the demand.”

[Consuming the arrows too quickly? It’s not that we are using them too quickly, it’s that too much time has passed! There has never been a Beast Tide that lasted for this long before. The giant beasts are not retreating even though they are paying such a heavy price in this battle. This is different from all the other Beast Tides we encountered before in the past!]

Ah Hua looked up at the sky, where large snowflakes were falling heavily while the whistling of the bitterly cold winds echoed throughout the forests. It was winter, and the beasts were hoarding rations for the coming freeze, lest they starve to death in their caves when the weather turns frigid.

[What do we do? What do we do?!] The shock of this depressing news made Ah Hua falter. She bit her pale lips hard, practically drawing blood, yet not realizing it. She turned her head to look outside the village where the sight of those villagers leaving their backs to the archers without any worries pained her heart.

“I’m leaving this place to you!”

Ah Hua was stunned by those words and turned to look at Ah Niu, asking almost subconsciously, “What?”

Yang Kai took a deep breath and put down the huge bow in his hand before cracking his neck and smiling at her, “I’ll be right back!”

As soon as the words left his mouth, he jumped off the wall and rushed towards the bloody battlefield. Ah Hua’s eyes bulged suddenly and she opened her mouth to shout at him, but her words were blown away by the howling of the cold wind. She did not even know whether he heard her or not.

He was simply courting death! His performance might have been pretty good when it came to drawing a bow and killing giant beasts from afar; however, long-range shooting and close combat were two different matters altogether! Fighting with the giant beasts, which were often ten metres long, required extraordinary physical fitness and the courage to face death. Regardless of his courage, Ah Niu’s physical strength was apparent. His body was smaller than that of the underaged children in the village, so what could he do even if he entered the battlefield? Those giant beasts would definitely make a quick snack of him!

After jumping off the wall, Yang Kai casually picked up a stone axe he found lying on the ground. He braved the harsh cold winds and walked through the mud mixed with the flesh and blood of those strange monsters, racing into the herd of beasts in the blink of an eye. From afar, it looked like a newly born lamb rushing headfirst into a pack of tigers and his body was buried under them in an instant.

Ah Hua couldn’t bear watching anymore, reaching out to pick up a bow as she secretly decided to avenge him.

“Sister Hua, look!” The young logistics boy had not left, however, and suddenly lifted his hand and pointed while exclaiming in excitement.

Glancing in the direction he was pointing, Ah Hua saw the giant beasts in that direction being blasted into the air for some unfathomable reason. They flailed helplessly mid-air before crashing to the ground, bleeding profusely, and dying instantly. Some of these beasts fell dead, while others with their huge bodies actually exploded mid-air. Some were even split cleanly in two.

In the blink of an eye, dozens of giant beasts that had gathered in that spot were killed, and at that moment, a not-so-burly figure stood there, tall and strong like a spear. The stone axe in his hands was covered in blood and bits of flesh.

“How?” Ah Hua was dumbfounded.

Similarly, the dozen or so Spirit Archers standing on the wall were equally dumbfounded by the sight, so much so that they forgot to continue providing support with their bows. All of them were staring blankly at the weak-looking figure standing there. The person they used to ridicule and spurn to the point of wanting to exile him from the village had turned out to be as powerful and mighty as an Ancient God on the battlefield that was covered in blood and flesh.

Standing there, that person gave off the feeling that he could take on anything that came his way, giving the villagers an unprecedented sense of calm. Moreover, there seemed to be loud laughter coming from that direction, though the wind was too strong for them to hear clearly. However, those with sharp eyes could clearly make out the excited and jubilant smile on this small figure’s face.

The commotion soon alarmed the other giant beasts and numerous pairs of scarlet eyes turned toward that direction while a low roar rang out indistinctly. Immediately following that, a portion of the giant beasts besieging the villagers split off from the group and surrounded Yang Kai.

Yang Kai held the stone axe in his hand as his aura rose steadily. When his sharp gaze swept over the giant beasts, it made them all pause for a moment. The wild beasts instinctively felt that the person in front of them… was not one to be trifled with.

The indistinct howl hidden in the freezing wind sounded again, and only then did the giant beasts move forward once more.

The mutilated corpse of a villager was lying beside Yang Kai, but even in death, this villager continued to grip his stone spear tightly, stabbing into the soft belly of a giant beast. He had taken the giant beast down with him, but had half his head bitten off as a price. This happened so long ago though that the blood had already coagulated.

Reaching out, Yang Kai picked up the stone spear. Holding an axe in one hand and a spear in the other, spinning them lightly to accustom himself to their weight and balance, Yang Kai inhaled a deep breath and stomped his feet on the ground to charge into the herd of beasts like a flash of lightning.

Like an ordinary mortal who had never cultivated before, all of Yang Kai’s movements were simple and brutal chops, slashes, and stabs. Moreover, the weapons he used were the simplest and most primitive of weapons, a stone spear and a stone axe. Even so, these two simplistic weapons were given mysterious and miraculous effects in the hands of an Emperor Realm Master, even if his powers had been suppressed.

Yang Kai moved freely through the battlefield, defeating beasts as easily as crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood. None of the giant beasts could stand against him, and one after another, they were thrown out or cut down. Every giant beast Yang Kai came across was left with shockingly large wounds. More importantly, all these wounds were fatal!

Whimpering continuously, the giant beasts retreated steadily. Consequently, the encirclement formed by hundreds of giant beasts was broken by Yang Kai. By the time he charged out of the encirclement, more than a third of his attackers lay dead on the ground.

At the forefront of the battle, a stoop-figured old man using spells to conceal his aura and his presence revealed a shocked expression. He stared at Yang Kai with murky eyes, as if recognizing him for the first time. Unfortunately, his great astonishment disturbed his mind and caused his Shamanic Spell to fail. As a result, his presence was revealed, and a giant beast nearby immediately lunged at him. The old man would have lost his life if nothing unexpected happened.

Sou…

A sharp arrow sliced through the air and shot through that giant beast’s head at that moment. The old man turned and glanced in the direction the arrow had come from only to see Ah Hua nodding at him lightly from the top of the wall.

“Village Chief, support me!” Yang Kai was covered in blood, and the internal organs of those giant beasts were splattered all over his body. Brimming with murderous intent, he grinned widely at the old man.

The old man shuddered in fear for some unknown reason upon seeing this sight, but even so, he raised his cane per Yang Kai’s request and a convoluted sound came from his lips. With a wave of his cane, a ray of light shot towards Yang Kai’s body.

In the next moment, Yang Kai felt the blood in his body boiling and raging like a wildfire. A dense layer of golden light appeared around his body next, making him look extremely majestic!

The old man felt even more shocked than before as turbulent waves in his heart were set off, his murky eyes immediately glowing brightly in response.

“So, this is the Bloodlust Spell!” Yang Kai breathed in lightly, distinctly feeling his strength increasing. Unfortunately, the Bloodlust Spell seemed to have several drawbacks. While it greatly increased one’s strength, it simultaneously weakened one’s five senses. However, Yang Kai, who had a cultivation at the Emperor Realm could ignore this level of dulling. Ordinary people like Ah Hu would have no way of compensating.

No wonder these villagers fought without fear of death when subjected to the Bloodlust Spell, it turned out it played a significant role in boosting their primal instincts such as courage. Deprived of their five senses, they no longer felt a strong sense of pain or fear. Hence, it was only natural that they were capable of fighting more bravely and recklessly than normal.

In any case, the golden light wrapping around Yang Kai’s body made him stand out from everyone else. While the others were giving off red light after being subjected to the Bloodlust Spell, only Yang Kai glowed with a golden light. That couldn’t be helped though, since the Bloodlust Spell stimulated one’s Blood Essence, and Yang Kai’s blood was golden.