Chapter 2814, This Shaman Is Crazy

Translator: Silavin & Tia

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

Yang Kai, Yu, and the others quietly lay in ambush in a mountain col.

Yu pointed to the front and said, “The Snow Flower we need is just ahead, and so are those Bone Melting Wolves.”

Yang Kai glanced up and saw that there were indeed traces of fighting nearby; bloodstains on the ground and messy footprints staining the white snow.

“Shaman Niu, we will work together to bless my clansmen with Shamanic Spells. You will be in charge of the left flank, and I will be in charge of the right flank. Although there are six Bone Melting Wolves, they are not that hard to deal with. Just be careful not to get bitten. Previously, we…” Yu was staring ahead while discussing the battle plan with Yang Kai with a serious expression, but halfway through her explanation, she suddenly realized something was wrong and turned her head back. Only then did she realize that he had disappeared from her side at some point in time.

“Where did he go?!” She was shocked, directing her question to the rest of her clansmen. However, it seemed that even they had just noticed Yang Kai’s absence. As they were looking around in confusion, one of the Ancient Barbarian Warriors widened his eyes in shock and pointed to the front, “H-H-He…”

Looking in the direction that man was pointing, Yu’s expression changed drastically as she snarled, “That fool!”

[I can’t believe Shaman Niu boldly waltzed out there without any preparations! If he alerts those Bone Melting Wolves to his presence, he will be forced into a difficult situation!] She had originally intended to cooperate with Yang Kai to kill off two of those beasts in a sneak attack first before the real struggle began; however, it seemed like her plans were no longer viable.

Just as she was about to call him back, she saw him stopping in the middle of the mountain col and spreading his arms wide open as if to embrace the world. Then, he took a deep breath and enthusiastically shouted, “Friends, I’m here!”

*Here… ere… re…*

The echo of Yang Kai’s voice reverberated in the mountain col so loudly that even the snow gathered on the trees fell from the vibrations.

Several Bone Melting Wolves walked out of their hiding places with energetic and lively steps upon smelling the scent of food. Baring their fangs at Yang Kai, saliva dripped out of the corners of their mouth, their eyes gleamed with a savage light.

Yu had always been a calm and composed person; however, she couldn’t stop her face from cramping at this sight.

“Lady Yu, what do we do now?” One of the clansmen asked.

“Retreat!” She made a decisive decision on the spot.

[Shaman Niu is insane! Why didn’t I notice that before?! If I had noticed that earlier, I would not have accompanied him here no matter what. This is terrible! I can’t believe he provoked those six Bone Melting Wolves without any preparations whatsoever! Even a Shaman Warrior like him will undoubtedly end up dead!] Even though she was grateful to him for saving one of her clansmen, she, as the leader of her group, could not accompany him on his crazy whims. They had to retreat for now. As for the gratitude they owed him for saving one of them… They could only recover their strength before returning to avenge him as a means of repayment. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Yu’s group moved swiftly as soon as she gave the order to fall back, preparing themselves for battle as they began to withdraw from this place. Yu shot a glance back to look at the situation, pitying Yang Kai.

Those Bone Melting Wolves did not hesitate after coming out of their hiding spots and immediately lunged towards Yang Kai like a whirlwind. Their bloody mouths opened so wide that they could devour a lamb whole.

Then, Yu saw an extremely shocking scene. Shaman Niu, who was clearly insane, let out a peal of riotous laughter before punching left and right repeatedly… Blood splattered like blooming flowers in mid-air, accompanied by the sound of bones breaking. Immediately after, short but rapid whimpers of the Bone Melting Wolves rang out. In the blink of an eye, four Bone Melting Wolves were sent flying, their heads bursting open before their bodies even hit the ground.

Stunned, Yu stood frozen on the spot. It was as if a Binding Spell had been cast on her by an invisible Shaman King. Her small mouth was slightly agape, and her eyes were about to pop out of their sockets.

“Lady Yu!” The Ancient Barbarian Race Warriors who had been retreating swiftly abruptly noticed that their Shaman had not kept up with them. Thus, they hurriedly turned back, but in the next moment, they were similarly frozen in place with shock. [What just happened?! Why are there four Bone Melting Wolf corpses lying on the ground? Moreover, where are their heads? Just what happened in the brief moment we turned away?!]

Meanwhile, on the battlefield, the deaths of their four companions did not make the rest of the Bone Melting Wolves retreat. Instead, it aroused their ferocious nature. The remaining two rushed forward quickly, leaping high and lunging towards Yang Kai from both sides while snapping their teeth.

Yang Kai countered with a backhanded blow, cracking the skull of the Bone Melting Wolf on the left, causing its head to explode, killing it instantly. However, his right arm was bitten by the other Bone Melting Wolf.

*Kacha!*

Before Yang Kai could do anything though, something akin to an ice blade flew over swiftly and struck the last remaining Bone Melting Wolf in the eye and buried itself deep into its skull.

Yu had finally returned to her senses and supported his fight with her Ice Blade Spell from afar. It was a simple attack, but also a precise and powerful one that showed her rich combat experience as a High-Rank Shaman Warrior.

The Bone Melting Wolf whimpered and released Yang Kai’s arm, allowing him to step forward with a clenched fist and punch it twice to kill it.

Breathing lightly, Yang Kai revealed a disdainful expression on his face.

“You were bitten! Hurry up and expel the poison!” Yu rushed forward anxiously and warned him. She didn’t even think to ask him how he created such a miracle; however, she blanked out again as soon as the words left her mouth, because his right arm that had been bitten was completely unscathed!

[How is that possible?! I clearly saw him being bitten by the Bone Melting Wolf! With the Bone Melting Wolf’s horrifying strength, he can’t defend against it with just his body!]

Thinking about it carefully though, she realized that the cracking sound from before didn’t sound like bones breaking, but rather like a Shield Spell shattering from the force of the bite.

[So that’s it! He must have cast a Shield Spell at the same moment he was bitten! What incredible reaction and casting speed!]

“Don’t come over!” Yang Kai shouted suddenly, his eyes flashing with excitement as he stared into the depths of the mountain col. Licking his lips, he said, “There’s one more big guy over there.”

“What?” Yu did not understand what he was saying, but glancing in the direction of his gaze, she suddenly felt a chill running down her back as her limbs went numb with fear, “A Bone Melting Wolf King!”

In the clearing up ahead, a Bone Melting Wolf several times larger than the previous Bone Melting Wolves was approaching them. Moreover, the powerful aura it exuded pressed down on Yu so strongly that she found it hard to breathe.

[What is a Bone Melting Wolf King doing here?!] Wolves were pack animals, and regardless of whether they were wild beasts or Barbarians Beasts, their nature remained the same. However, even with six Bone Melting Wolves gathered in this place, the scale of this pack should not be enough to give rise to a Wolf King!

Yu quickly understood the situation though, because this Bone Melting Wolf King seemed to be heavily injured. His body was covered in wounds, large and small, and from the looks of it, these injuries were no more than a month old.

This Wolf King had been defeated in a battle between wolf packs and was exiled to this place as a result. A defeated Wolf King could no longer be the king of a pack and would be replaced by a younger and stronger Wolf King.

Even so, it was not an existence that a Shaman Warrior could fight against. A Bone Melting Wolf King was a powerful Barbarian Beast that could rival a Shaman Master in strength! Even if it was not fully healed from its wounds, it was still an opponent they could not face.

“Run!” Yu yelled at Yang Kai, deeply regretting not retreating immediately just now. She initially planned to flee, but after turning around and seeing such a miracle happening in front of her, she couldn’t resist coming back again. Who could have known that she would instead throw herself into such a crisis?

[This is bad. Every one of us will die here…] She couldn’t blame Yang Kai for rushing headlong into danger anymore, only herself for failing to investigate the situation clearly when they first arrived here. [I can’t believe we failed to notice the presence of a Bone Melting Wolf King hiding here!]

The Bone Melting Wolf King exuded a heavy pressure that was dense and terrifying. Yu could feel her entire body trembling under its influence. Meanwhile, Yang Kai only had an expression of scorn and contempt on his face despite facing such a terrifying existence, stretching his arms and legs, making little cracking sounds. It was a scene that left one unsure whether to laugh or cry. His carefree actions clearly enraged the Bone Melting Wolf King though and it widened its mouth as it shot out a green ball of liquid towards him like an arrow.

In response, Yang Kai raised his hand, and the temperature in the air rose abruptly as a fireball as large as a washbasin flew out.

With a loud crashing sound, the fireball and green poison ball collided mid-air. A loud explosion sounded, followed immediately by a mix of sparks and poison flying in all directions. Wherever they landed on the ground, the snow-covered ground melted away with loud hissing sounds, leaving large and small pits everywhere.

While Yu and the others were still in a daze, Yang Kai took advantage of the Wolf King’s unpreparedness to attack, leaping forward and engaging in a fierce melee with this new opponent.

On the other hand, the group from the Frost and Snow Clan were completely dumbfounded by the sight.

[Is he really a Shaman? Is this something a Shaman can do? How can he rush forward bravely and fearlessly regardless of the opponent he faces?!] That was the case when he was facing those six Bone Melting Wolves just now, and the same held true in his fight against the Bone Melting Wolf King right now!

[How is it possible for a Shaman like him to exist?!] Yu felt as if everything she knew was being turned upside down. Several dozen years of cultivation and long-held beliefs had collapsed in an instant as she had never imagined that a Shaman’s method of fighting could be so barbarous and brutal. It was even more barbarous and brutal than the fights of the strongest warriors in their clan.

It could be seen that Shaman Niu was extremely skilled and experienced in hand-to-hand combat. Not only did he possess the courage and diligence of the most powerful warriors, but he also possessed a Shaman’s ability. While engaging in close-quarter combat, he would cast various simple and practical Shamanic Spells freely. However, those Shamanic Spells played an unimaginable role at critical moments. For some time, he fought on par with the Wolf King, which could rival a Shaman Master in terms of strength, and nobody could determine who had the upper hand in this fight.

“Lady Yu… W-What should we do now?” This was not the first time the Frost and Snow Clan’s clansmen had asked Yu this question. It was just that the scene unfolding before their eyes were beyond their understanding, which caused them to lose their ability to think clearly.

Yu hesitated for only a moment before she decisively ordered, “We help him!”

As soon as those words were spoken, she began chanting in the ancient language. She cast several Shamanic Spells, including the Bloodlust Spell, the Light Body Spell, and the Bone Armor Spell on the warriors from her clan in quick succession. The auras of those warriors immediately expanded explosively and their eyes turned scarlet. A calmness hid in the depths of their madness though, and after glancing at each other, they approached the battlefield carefully.

Meanwhile, Yu took a small breath and raised her hand, condensing a huge ice blade in front of her. In this severely cold environment, the Ice Attribute Shamanic Spell she cultivated received the blessings from the surrounding World, becoming far more powerful than usual.

*Xiu…*

The huge ice blade trembled slightly before disappearing like a flash of light. By the time it reappeared again, it had already buried itself deep into the flesh of the Bone Melting Wolf King that was fighting against Yang Kai.

The Wolf King roared in pain and shook its body, shattering the ice blade into pieces.

The next moment, several Ancient Barbarian Race Warriors flanked the Wolf King from both sides, brandishing their weapons as they hacked and slashed at its exposed sides.