Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2828, Night Attack

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

“Based on Yeow’s strength, we might not necessarily be able to take him down even if Chi and I joined hands.” Zhu explained calmly. She was not ashamed of being inferior to others, “Fortunately, our main purpose is to rescue our people. As long as Chi and I can keep him busy, the rest of you can save the others, so there’s no need to fight with him to death.”

After a pause, Zhu continued, “You’re a Shaman Master and can help a lot in battle. Since your people have also been kidnapped, let’s join forces.”

Ya looked shocked, and gaped at Yang Kai in terror as if he could hardly believe his ears. Was he really a Shaman Master? Previously, he thought Shaman Chi was mistaken, but now that Shaman Zhu had also said so, there was only one possibility; Shaman Niu was really a Shaman Master!

Yang Kai nodded, and asked, “Are the two planning to attack at dawn?”

“Yes.”

“If so, I might be able to help more than that.” Yang Kai’s eyes flickered.

Chi raised his eyebrows, “Let’s hear it!”

After a while, Ya and Yang Kai were dismissed.

Ya seemed to be a little dispirited from suffering a great impact, and only regained his senses after a long while, “Shaman Niu, be careful.”

Yang Kai smiled as he patted him on the shoulder, “You too!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Yang Kai took action. Pushing his Shaman Strength, he began absorbing the essence of moonlight pouring down from the sky. Ya, stood flabbergasted in front of him, watching Yang Kai’s figure gradually become transparent with the influx of moonlight, then completely disappear.

A rustle of footsteps travelled farther and farther away from him, and Ya knew that Shaman Niu had left. Seeing him performing such a mysterious Shamanic Spell, Ya was truly astonished.

That should be the legendary Moon Concealment Spell of the Moonlight Clan. However, the Moonlight Clan was exterminated a few thousand years ago, and the Moon Concealment Spell should have been lost. Where did Shaman Niu learn it from? It was impossible for such a small place like Blue South Village to teach him such a profound Shamanic Spell.

Of course, Yang Kai did not learn the Moon Concealment Spell from the Village Chief, but from Senior Qing.

Yang Kai had been assimilating Senior Qing’s knowledge all the way back to Blue South Village. As such, he learned a lot of Shamanic Spells, and the long-lost Moon Concealment Spell just happened to be useful at this moment.

Under the moonlight, Yang Kai was almost invisible. Only Divine Sense, or someone in very close proximity with extremely sharp senses would be able to detect him.

He walked all the way to the stone fortress, climbed over the stone wall quietly, and infiltrated it without anyone noticing.

Numerous Bone Devouring Clan archers were patrolling back and forth vigilantly on the stone walls. Obviously, they were also aware that they may be attacked after raiding three villages. Despite the absence of Divine Sense, these archers had notably sharp senses and were naturally vigilant against danger.

An archer almost sensed Yang Kai’s presence when he climbed over the stone wall, their eyes darting towards the spot where Yang Kai was, but fortunately, upon seeing nothing there, he did not examine further, otherwise, Yang Kai would have been found.

Upon entering the stone fortress, the sickly stench of blood immediately reached Yang Kai’s nose. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The approximately one hundred corpses Yang Kai had seen earlier were composed of the villagers from all three clans, and the sound of blood trickling and dripping onto the ground was simply horrifying.

At that moment in the stone fortress, the Bone Devouring Clansmen were eating merrily, and the smell of meat permeated the air. Yang Kai quickly identified the meat the Barbarians of the Bone Devouring Clan were chewing were Human body parts. Ordinary people would lose their appetite just by looking at it, but the Bone Devouring Clan were truly delighting in it. It was no different for the children in the clan, who fought with each other over a bone with extra meat on it, refusing to give it away to the others, all while the adults watched from the side and laughed at them.

Yang Kai had long heard that the Barbarians of the Bone Devouring Clan were different from others, a group of uncivilized savages, and after seeing it with his own eyes, he could only admit that the rumours weren’t unfounded.

Taking a deep breath to quietly suppress his anger, Yang Kai started to investigate the inner structure of the stone fortress.

According to his agreement with Chi and Zhu, his mission was to find out where the captives of the three villages were being detained, then he would find a way to open the main gates of the stone fortress from the inside and create a distraction. Then, the people of Raging Flame Clan and Fierce Wind Clan would meet up with him from the outside.

By then, in addition to the release of the warriors of the three clans, they would definitely catch the Bone Devouring Clan by surprise.

Yang Kai could not be too reckless as there was a Shaman Grandmaster and a few Shaman Masters in the stone fortress, so he dared not to use his Divine Sense lest he alarm the enemies. As such, he could only slowly search the place to find out the location of the captives.

After midnight, Yang Kai had almost searched the entire stone fortress, but he still did not find the place where the prisoners were being held.

There should be at least seven to eight hundred prisoners from the three Clans and villages, and such a large number of people could not be held in a small place, yet Yang Kai was still unable to find them after much looking around.

In the end, he cast his eyes at the most central position of the stone fortress, where a strong and ferocious aura was being emitted. Obviously, this was where Shaman Yeow lived.

After pondering for a moment, Yang Kai pushed his Divine Sense and penetrated it into the ground.

Immediately after, he withdrew it.

Sure enough, there was a cave beneath the stone fortress inside which Yang Kai sensed many auras, but he did not examine thoroughly to avoid being noticed by Shaman Yeow.

However, once he determined the location of prisoners, the rest was easy.

Holding his breath and remaining still for a moment to make sure that his spying did not alarm Shaman Yeow, Yang Kai then took cover in a hidden place, waiting for the right time to move.

The stone fortress was merry and lively now, with the Bone Devouring Clansmen who had a rough winter finally having a good harvest, one that allowed them to celebrate. On the other hand, the clansmen of both Raging Flame Clan and Fierce Wind Clan were hiding quietly outside the stone fortress like two venomous snakes, waiting for the opportunity to reveal their fangs.

As time passed, the noises in the stone fortress gradually subsided, and snores resembling muffled thunder came up one after another, even the archers who were guarding on the stone wall began to yawn.

Before dawn, when the world was at its darkest moment, a figure appeared and rushed to the stone fortress gate like a gust of wind. Following a few dull thuds, the heads of the several Bone Devouring Clan Warriors who were guarding the gate split open, their brains and blood spurting everywhere. All of them died instantly in their sleep.

Above the stone wall, several archers who heard the noise were startled and turned to look down at the same time.

What they saw was a strange figure standing below them on the ground, and before they could react, he threw a punch at the gate.

The stone gate was broken with a loud bang and pieces of it were thrown out in all directions. The earth trembled, as if ten thousand horses were galloping towards them in scattered and rapid hoof steps.

The archers turned their heads in horror, and saw that under the cover of the darkness, numerous pairs of dreadful red eyes bewitched with the Bloodlust Spell emerged, wrapped in an aura of death, advancing on them like a flood of beasts.

“Enemy attack!”

Someone exclaimed.

The shriek was like an alarm bell that woke up the sleeping Bone Devouring Clansmen. At the same time, the archers on the stone wall pulled their bowstrings and began shooting arrows.

Ancient Barbarian Race archers were all Spirit Archers, so the archers in the Bone Devouring Clan were as well. A dozen invaders succumbed with just a single volley of arrows.

Two figures quickly flew out from behind the flood of people, one of them with his hands set ablaze. As he waved his hands, two Fire Dragons plummeted from the sky with swaying heads and tails, scorching a group of Bone Devouring Clan archers to death.

The other person chanted a spell, and a horrifying tornado composed of sharp blades of wind immediately blew over the stone wall. All the Bone Devouring Clansmen who were caught in the tornado were sliced and chopped into pieces. Their flesh was gone in the blink of an eye, leaving only their terrifying, white skeletons.

Chi and Zhu instantly cleaned up the threat of the archers.

Following behind the two Shaman Grandmasters were the Shaman Masters and Shaman Warriors of the two Clans. They were not great in number, only seven people in total. However, all of them chanted incantations incessantly and blessed the warriors of both Clans with various Shamanic Spells, making them faster, stronger, and more vicious.

Yang Kai turned around, hovered in the air, and looked coldly at the alarmed Bone Devouring Clansmen, watching them running out from all directions.

The Shaman of Bone Devouring Clan shouted at his people from inside the crowd, seemingly instructing them to attack Yang Kai.

Actually, they did not need to be instructed because Yang Kai, who was standing still, was an obvious target. Bone Devouring Clan Warriors saw him clearly, and before they even got near, numerous arrows already reached him.

But the powerful arrows were completely useless against the light of Yang Kai’s Shield Spell.

The Shield Spell remained intact after this barrage despite the ripples on its surface from blocking the wave of attacks.

The Shaman in the crowd was stunned, his eyes widened and his jaw dropped.

A dozen brave and ferocious Bone Devouring Clan Warriors rushed towards Yang Kai and leapt up high before swinging their weapons down at him.

Yang Kai stretched out his hand and summoned the Myriads Sword. With a swing of his arm, a sword light tens of metres in length appeared out of thin air, one so powerful it cut through space.

*Huala…*

The dozen Bone Devouring Clan Warriors who jumped up high had their bodies severed from their waists, and they fell one after another with a grunt. Their internal organs spilled out of their bodies, while their blood gushed out like a fountain.

The rest of the Bone Devouring Clansmen who were charging towards Yang Kai stopped in their tracks, staring at Yang Kai in horror, as if they were looking at the cruellest devil. Fear grew within the fearless Bone Devouring Clan under Yang Kai’s domineering sword.

“How dare you be impudent in this Shaman’s place!? You court death!”

A roar came out from the inside of the stone fortress, and then a half-naked, vicious-looking burly man flew out like thunder, sending a punch flying towards Yang Kai.

Yang Kai narrowed his eyes and turned his Myriads Sword horizontally to block his side.

Without waiting for Yang Kai to fight back, two figures suddenly appeared by his sides.

It was Chi and Zhu. The two Shaman Grandmasters who belonged to two different Clans had arrived, and without another word, they immediately threw all the Shamanic Spells that they refined for years at the powerful Shaman Yeow, causing a burst of brilliant flashes of lights.