Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2829, Saved People

Translator: Silavin & Danny

Translation Checker: PewPewLazerGun

Editor and Proofreader: Leo of Zion Mountain & Dhael Ligerkeys

In an instant, the three Great Shamans were locked in battle, their fight rapidly ascending and disappearing above the clouds.

*Honglonglong…*

The three hundred people of the Raging Flame Clan and Fierce Wind Clan arrived, and the defence of the stone fortress was stomped by their unstoppable momentum. The dexterous Spirit Archers climbed on the stone wall one after another, releasing arrow after arrow that flew at lightning speed, whipping through the air and shooting down one Bone Devouring Clan Warrior after another.

Under the surprise attack from both the inside and the outside, the Bone Devouring Clan was totally caught off guard. Being awakened abruptly from satiety and sleep, these Bone Devouring Clansmen were not able to perform effectively in combat, and dozens of them were injured and killed in an instant.

But after a brief period of consternation, the bloodthirsty and ferocious Bone Devouring Clan finally regained their senses. Nearly twenty Shamans scattered in the chaos began chanting incantations one after another to support their clansmen with all kinds of Shamanic Spells.

Two hordes of hundreds of Ancient Barbarians rushed against each other. One side was fearless to die under the cover of their own archers, while the other side was driven by the smell of blood. Both sides crashed into each other with roars and screams.

Even the earth wailed under this intense battle.

The battlefield was like a huge melee, with blood spurting, flesh separated, and Barbarians of both sides collapsed again and again.

Yang Kai drew his attention away from the clouds and looked at the chaotic and barbaric battle ahead. Frowning slightly, with a flicker, he instantly appeared on top of the Bone Devouring Clansmen.

With a buzz, a sword light came out from the tip of the Myriads Sword, speeding towards the enemies below.

There was no sound and movement, only the flash of the sword light, and a long empty strip of land instantly appeared at the centre of the Bone Devouring Clansmen. All who once stood in that space had vanished into dust.

Everyone looked up as the chaotic battlefield abruptly fell silent for a moment.

Fear filled the eyes of the Bone Devouring Clansmen, while those of the Raging Flame Clan and Fierce Wind Clan were pleasantly surprised. No one expected that this weak-looking young man possessed such great power.

*Xiu…*

A blood light came up from below, transforming into a blood snake that opened its jaws and snapped at Yang Kai.

This was the Shamanic Spell of the Bone Devouring Clan, and it was difficult to guard against. The snake opened its mouth, releasing its revolting breath which was obviously highly toxic. One would not end well if bitten by this snake.

However, Yang Kai did not even look at it, and under the frightened eyes of the Raging Flame Clan and Fierce Wind Clan, he simply lifted his hand, grabbed towards the void, and caught the Blood Snake in his hand. With a clench of his fist, the Blood Snake turned into a pool of thick blood and poured down from the air.

At the same time, a Shaman Master among the Bone Devouring Clan grunted as blood flowed out his seven orifices.

The Blood Snake was his ultimate spell, one that he cultivated with his own Blood Essence, so he suffered a huge backlash when Yang Kai destroyed it.

This Shaman Master had combat fighting experience, so upon seeing his Blood Snake easily countered by Yang Kai, he knew that he was by no means Yang Kai’s opponent and attempted to hide in the crowd.

Nevertheless, Yang Kai simply tossed the Myriads Sword like a spear, transforming it into a stream of light that shot through the crowd and pierced straight through the chest of the Bone Devouring Clan Shaman Master before it flew out his back and returned to Yang Kai’s hand.

A dozen Bone Devouring Clansmen who were unlucky enough to be in the way also collapsed.

The targeted Shaman Master could not escape death, as even his Shield Spell was like thin paper in front of the Myriads Sword, standing no chance to defend against Yang Kai’s attack at all.

The Bone Devouring Clansmen were truly appalled and their eyes filled with horror as many of them involuntarily retreated a few steps.

Who could stop this man now that even one of their Shaman Masters was instantly killed by him? Only Shaman Yeow could possibly match him, but Shaman Yeow was being kept busy by the enemies atop of the clouds, and could not be in two places at once.

“Hou!”

The Raging Flame Warriors roared wildly and bravely charged at the Bone Devouring Clansmen, who were retreating timidly. When the two groups collided, despite their superior numbers, the Bone Devouring Clan was the one who was routed.

Yang Kai nodded at Ya who was in the crowd before immediately moving to leave the battlefield.

Although he had created a great advantage for the Raging Flame Clan and Fierce Wind Clan with his two attacks, demoralizing the Bone Devouring Clan, the enemy still held a two to one advantage in numbers, so Yang Kai wasn’t confident his side’s momentum could be maintained in a prolonged battle.

He now had a more important task.

Soon, Yang Kai slipped inside the area of the stone fortress where he had investigated before. The battle had drawn the attention of the Bone Devouring Clan, so no one was guarding this place, not that it would have mattered anyway.

After scanning around with his Divine Sense, Yang Kai quickly found an entrance to the underground at a certain location of the stone fortress. He smashed his way through the gates and quickly descended the steps.

A pungent smell reached the tip of his nose, and a faint light of fire came from deep underground.

Soon, Yang Kai entered a place similar to a dungeon, his footsteps startling the Bone Devouring Clansmen who were guarding the prison.

“What’s going on up there?” One of them asked in a muffled voice.

Yang Kai did not answer as he continued forward.

“I’m asking you what’s going on up there!?” The guard seemed to have a bad temper and yelled impatiently.

The answer that he received was a chilling light in the dark.

Yang Kai walked past him, and his head flew. His burly body shook a few times before falling down on his back, covering the ground with scarlet blood spurting from his neck.

The sudden event shocked the other Bone Devouring Clansmen who were guarding the dungeon. Unfortunately, before they could react, the Myriads Sword was sent flying like a sickle, reaping their lives like wheat.

After retrieving the Myriads Sword, Yang Kai swept his eyes around and saw that this underground prison was split into a dozen cells. Each cell was full, and many pairs of eyes looked at Yang Kai in amazement and anticipation.

A familiar voice suddenly called out, “Ah Niu?”

Yang Kai turned in the direction of the source and saw Ah Hu’s face. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

“Brother Ah Niu?”

“Brother Ah Niu is here!”

“Ah Niu came to save us!”

The other villagers of Blue South Village shouted with excitement and joy one after another in the prison cells.

Yang Kai went forward and put his hand on the prison gate, pushing his Shaman Strength slightly to collapse the bars.

The villagers of Blue South Village swarmed out of the cells and without a word spread out to save the other prisoners in the other cells.

Yang Kai looked at them and found that they had no other problems except for being a little weak, but soon, he frowned and asked, “Where’s the Village Chief?”

He did not see that kind old man here.

As soon as he asked this question, the faces of villagers of Blue South Village gathered around Yang Kai darkened.

Yang Kai darted his eyes at Ah Hu, his gaze was as sharp as a knife.

Ah Hu replied with his head down, “Village Chief could not bear the torture when those bastards brought us here… He died on the way.”

Yang Kai said nothing, but his aura was spine-chilling.

Ah Hu looked up with his red eyes, and declared, “Ah Niu, I want revenge!”

“Please avenge the Village Chief!”

The villagers of Blue South Village clenched their teeth as they bellowed.

Yang Kai lifted his head and nodded as he saw the rage burning in their eyes.

At this time, the prisoners in the other cells were also rescued and two people stepped forward, seemingly the leaders of the Raging Flame Clan and Fierce Wind Clan villages. Before they could speak though, Yang Kai turned to them and remarked, “Shaman Chi and Shaman Zhu have brought people here. The clansmen of your two Clans are fighting above with the Bone Devouring Clan now. They need your strength.”

“Shaman Chi is here?”

“Shaman Zhu is here too?”

The clansmen of the two Clans were overjoyed when they received the news. With the presence of two Shaman Grandmasters, the clansmen of both Clans gained great confidence.

“Ah Hu, take everyone to fight with them. We shall not spare the Bone Devouring Clan!”

“Good! Today, we shall not spare the Bone Devouring Clan!”

“No hesitation! No mercy!” Everyone shouted. The hundreds of people seemed to be united through their mutual hatred, and their morale soared up to the sky.

Yang Kai chanted an incantation, and various exquisite Shamanic Spells gathered in his hands, turning into mysterious power that bolstered the strength of the clansmen of all three Clans.

The hundreds of people were shocked.

Especially Ah Hu and the others as all of them felt astonished. Although they knew Ah Niu was a Shaman, none of them had seen someone have the strength to bless hundreds of people with a variety of Shamanic Spells all at once. What’s more, they felt that the Shamanic Spells that Ah Niu casted were much more effective than those cast by the Village Chief.

To say the least, the Bloodlust Spell gave them a very different feeling. At the moment, their originally weak bodies were surging with endless power. If there were a tiger or leopard in front of them, perhaps they could just tear it apart with their bare hands.

All of them wondered just how strong Ah Niu was now.

However, the battle was raging already, so there was no time for questions. Yang Kai simply waved his hand and ordered, “Go! All of you!”

Ah Hu nodded at Yang Kai and led the hundreds of clansmen together with the other two leaders out of the dungeon.

Yang Kai stood still and gently closed his eyes. His Divine Sense spread out like a tide and instantly locked on Shaman Yeow’s location, who was fighting against two people above the clouds.

The next moment, he raised his sword and pointed it to the sky. With a flicker, he turned into a spinning top, and wherever the tip of the sword touched, the earth above him collapsed, gouging out a deep tunnel.

Following a crash, Yang Kai broke through the ground, wrapped himself in the sword light and soared to the sky.

At the same time, Shaman Yeow, who had the upper hand despite fighting two on one, was suddenly alerted as he felt himself become shrouded with the aura of death, causing a chill to shoot up his spine.

Seeing that he was distracted, Chi, who was suppressed earlier, hurriedly jumped away and cast a multi-layered Shield Spell on himself. Cold sweat was trickling down from him like droplets of rain.

It was a dangerous moment just now. He initially thought that with him and Zhu working together, they could at least hold Shaman Yeow back even if they could not kill him. As long as Shaman Niu freed their clansmen who were captured, they would be able to overcome the disparity in numbers on the battlefield then retreat safely.

The main purpose of this battle was to save people, so it was unnecessary to fight the Bone Devouring Clan to the death.

But after they started to fight, only then did Chi find that his judgement was wrong.